The cliffs in the ravine have several caves. The caves were occupied during the last ice age, between around 43,000 and 10,000 years ago. They have the northernmost cave art in Europe. The evidence of occupation is found in the rich series of sediments that accumulated over many thousands of years. It is internationally unique in showing how prehistoric people lived at the extreme northernmost limits of their territory in the later Pleistocene Ice Age.

The caves have layers with flint tools from the Mousterian, and later cultures. They were seasonally occupied by nomadic groups of people during the Upper Palaeolithic and Mesolithic periods. Evidence of Neolithic, Bronze Age, Roman and post-medieval activity has also been found there. There is evidence of Neanderthal occupation 50,000–60,000 years ago, a brief Gravettian occupation around 32,000 years ago and use of all the main caves during the Magdalenian around 14,000 years ago. The site is open to the public and has a visitor centre with a small museum of objects.

Creswell Crags has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). It has also been put forward as a potential World Heritage Site.

In 2006–07, the B6042 road was re-routed from its path through the gorge, by approximately to the north, to minimise traffic impact on the site.


The most occupied caves were:

Quentin McCord

John Quentin McCord (June 26, 1978 – August 13, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL).

He was drafted in the seventh round of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons. He played college football at Kentucky.

In his career, McCord also played with the Oakland Raiders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Edmonton Eskimos. He finished his career playing arena football with the Kentucky Horsemen. He was born in LaGrange, Georgia.

McCord died on August 13, 2020 at the age of 42.

Darío Vivas

Darío Ramón Vivas Velasco (12 June 1950 – 13 August 2020) was a Venezuelan politician. He was a member of the National Assembly between 2006 until 2020. He was the Head of Government of the Distrito Capital between January 2020 until his death. 

Vivas died on 13 August 2020 from COVID-19 in Caracas, aged 70.

Gough Island

Gough Island (), historically known as Gonçalo Álvares, is a rugged volcanic island in the South Atlantic Ocean. It is a dependency of Tristan da Cunha. It is part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Gough and Inaccessible Islands. 

It is about south-east of the Tristan da Cunha archipelago (which includes Nightingale Island and Inaccessible Island), , north-east from South Georgia Island, west from Cape Town. It is over from the nearest point of South America.

Nobody lives on Gough Island except for the workers of a weather station, which is usually six people. The South African National Antarctic Programme has maintained the island with British permission since 1956. It is one of the most remote places with a people always being there. 

The island was first named "Ilha de Gonçalo Álvares" on Portuguese maps. It was named Gough Island after the British mariner Captain Charles Gough of the "Richmond", who first saw the island in 1732. Confusion of the unusual Portuguese saint name Gonçalo with Spanish Diego led to the wrong name Diego Alvarez Island in English-language sources from the 1800s to 1930s. 

However, the most likely explanation is that it was simply a misreading of 'Is de Go Alvarez', the name by which the island is represented on some of the early charts, the 'de Go' mutating into 'Diego'.

The details of the discovery of Gough Island are unclear, but the most likely occasion is July 1505 by the Portuguese explorer Gonçalo Álvares. Maps during the next three centuries named the island after him. On some later maps, this was erroneously given as Diego Alvarez.

According to some historians, the British merchant Anthony de la Roché was the first to land on the island in the austral autumn of 1675.

Charles Gough rediscovered the island on 3 March 1732. He thought it was a new find. It had been named Gonçalo Álvares since 1505 after the captain of Vasco da Gama's flagship on his epic voyage to the east. It was under this name that it was marked with reasonable accuracy on the charts of the South Atlantic during the following 230 or so years. 

Then, in 1732, Captain Gough of the British ship "Richmond" reported the discovery of a new island. He placed it 400 miles to the east of Gonçalo Álvares. Fifty years later, cartographers realised that the two islands were the same. Despite the priority of the Portuguese discovery, and the greater accuracy of the position given by them, "Gough's Island" was the name adopted.

In the early 19th century, sealers briefly inhabited the island. The earliest known example is a sealing gang from the U.S. ship "Rambler" (Captain Joseph Bowditch) which remained on the island in the 1804–1805 season. The sealing era lasted from 1804 to 1910 during which 34 sealing vessels are known to have visited the island, one of which was lost offshore.

The Scottish National Antarctic Expedition on the "Scotia" made the first visit to the island by a scientific party on 21 April 1904, when William Speirs Bruce and others collected specimens. The Shackleton–Rowett Expedition also stopped at the island in 1922.

Gough Island was formally claimed in 1938 for Britain, during a visit by HMS "Milford" of the Royal Navy. In 1995, the island was inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In 2004, the site was extended to include Inaccessible Island and renamed Gough and Inaccessible Islands.

Gough Island is the only place outside South America from which the solar eclipse of September 12, 2034, will be visible; the centre of the path of totality crosses over the island.

Gough Island is roughly rectangular with a length of and a width of . It has an area of and rises to heights of over above sea level. Topographic features include the highest peak, Edinburgh Peak, Hags Tooth, Mount Rowett, Sea Elephant Bay, Quest Bay, and Hawkins Bay.

It includes small satellite islands and rocks such as Southwest Island, Saddle Island (South), Tristiana Rock, Isolda Rock (West), Round Island, Cone Island, Lot's Wife, Church Rock (North), Penguin Island (Northeast), and The Admirals (East).

According to the Köppen system, Gough Island features an oceanic climate ("Cfb"). Gough Island's temperatures are between and during the day year-round, due to its isolated position far out in the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic is much cooler in the southern hemisphere than the northern, but frosts are still very rare. As a result, summers are not very hot. It features a similar climate to the Fiordland area of New Zealand, the west coast of Scotland, or the Alaskan Panhandle. Precipitation is high during the entire year, and sunshine hours are few. Snow falls in the interior, but is rare at sea level.
A weather station has been running on Gough Island since 1956. It is operated as part of the network of the South African Weather Service. Because cold fronts approach South Africa from the south-west, the Gough station is particularly important in forecasting winter weather. Initially it was housed in the station at The Glen, but moved in 1963 to the South lowlands of the island, more precisely . The new location improved the validity and reliability of the data acquired for use in modeling.

Each year a new overwintering team arrives by ship from Cape Town (beginning in 2012, the "S. A. Agulhas II") to staff the weather station and perform scientific research. The team for a particular year may be termed as "Gough" and an expedition number: for example, the 1956 team were "Gough 01", and the team for 2013 were "Gough 58". Each new team directly replaces the departing one, thereby maintaining a continual human presence on the island.

A team normally consists of:


The team is supplied with enough food to last the whole year. People and cargo are landed either by helicopter, from a helideck-equipped supply ship, or by a fixed crane atop a cliff near the station (a place aptly called "Crane Point").

In 2014 a member of the research team choked to death on the island and his body was taken back to South Africa.


Keiko Fujimori

Keiko Sofía Fujimori Higuchi (; ; born 25 May 1975) (also known by the pseudoyms Señora K (Mrs. K), Ruth and "La chica") is a Peruvian politician. She is the daughter of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori. 

After the divorce of her parents, she was First Lady from 1994 to 2000, becoming the youngest First Lady in the history of the Americas.

In 2006, she was elected to the Congress of Peru. Fujimori leads the right-wing party Fuerza Popular and was their presidential candidate in the 2011 election runoff, the 2016 election runoff and the 2021, losing each times. In 2021 she lost to educator Pedro Castillo by 60,000 votes.

Fujimori was said to be involved in the Odebrecht scandal and was arrested in Peru on 10 October 2018.

Julian Bream

Julian Alexander Bream CBE (15 July 1933 – 14 August 2020) was an English virtuoso classical guitarist and lutenist. He was one of the best known classical guitarists of the 20th century.

He worked for RCA Victor and EMI Classics many times. These recordings won him several awards, including four Grammy Awards, two for Best Chamber Music Performance and two for Best Classical Performance. 

Bream died on 14 August 2020 at his home in Wiltshire, aged 87.

Gojek

PT Aplikasi Karya Anak Bangsa (most commonly known as Gojek) is a Jakarta based on-demand service platform. It also does digital payments. Gojek was started in Indonesia in 2009 as a call center. It connects consumers to courier delivery and two-wheeled ride-hailing services. Gojek launched its application in 2015 with only four services: GoRide, GoSend, GoShop, and GoFood. It raised over $1 billion 2019 and is now valued at US$10 billion. Gojek has turned into a Super App. It now provides more than 20 services.

Aachen Cathedral

Aachen Cathedral (German: "Aachener Dom") is a Roman Catholic church in Aachen, Germany. It is one of the oldest cathedrals in Europe. Emperor Charlemagne ordered for it to be built in 796. He was buried there when he died. The church was made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1978. It was one of the first World Heritage Sites listed.

The building uses several types of architecture. The choir is built in a Gothic style. The core of the building is a chapel built in a Carolingian-Romanesque style. There are small parts that also use an Ottonian style, including an area around the throne.


Replay value

Replay value (colloquially known as replayability) is a term used to figure out how fun it is to play a game after the player completed it already. Factors that may change the replay value are the game's additional characters, secrets or multiple endings.

St. George's, Bermuda

St. George's (formally known as the Town of St. George, or St. George's Town) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. First settlers were there since 1612. It is the first permanent English settlement on the islands of Bermuda. It is usually described as the third successful British settlement in the Americas. It is the oldest British town in the New World where people continue to live up to this day. 

In the Bermudian convention where the name of the place has the name of a person, it sets the person's name in the possessive form. The place is rarely treated as equivalent to the person. 

Other examples include most of the parishes (which – other than St. George's Parish – all commemorate historical people). It includes churches such as Hamilton Parish (named for James Hamilton, 2nd Marquess of Hamilton), Devonshire Parish (named for William Cavendish, 1st Earl of Devonshire), and Paget Parish. While the city of Hamilton is commonly referred to as "Hamilton", The Town of St. George, St. George's Parish, St. George's Island, and St. George's Harbour (and any other names of the place usually containing a person's name in the possessive form). It always remains possessive when shortened, such as in the "St. George's Foundation".

For example, Bermudians will always say "St. George's and St. David's are the largest islands in St. George's Parish." It is never "St. George and St. David are the largest islands in St. George Parish". As many maps and other printed materials featuring Bermuda are produced abroad, it is extremely common to find maps, books and other material using the non-possessive forms. However, visitors to Bermuda should be aware that using the non-possessive forms when speaking to Bermudians is likely to cause as much offence as saying "Bermudan". 

Originally called "New London", St. George's was first settled in 1612. This was three years after the first English settlers landed on St. George's Island on their way to Virginia. Led by Admiral Sir George Somers and Lieutenant-General Sir Thomas Gates, they had deliberately steered their ship, "Sea Venture," to a reef to escape a storm. The survivors built two new ships, the "Deliverance" and "Patience", and most continued their voyage to Jamestown, but the Virginia Company laid claim to the island.

By the Virginia Company's Third Charter in 1612, the boundaries of the new colony were extended to include Bermuda. The company sent a party of 60 new settlers to Bermuda to join the three men left behind by the "Sea Venture." After a brief period in nearby St. David's, the settlers started building at St. George's. By 1615, the shareholders of the Virginia Company created a second company, the Somers Isles Company. It managed Bermuda separately until the company was dissolved in 1686. The Virginia Company was later dissolved in 1624. 

This small town was the capital of Bermuda until 1815. It was linked to the history of colonial America. Ten thousand Bermudians moved to Virginia and the American Southeast. This was before United States independence made them citizens of separate nations. Branches of wealthy Bermudian merchant families ruled the trade in the area's ports. 

As Bermuda's population centre, St. George's was connected to the development in the North American colonies. During the American War of Independence, and as requested by George Washington, Bermudians assisted the American rebels in stealing much-needed gunpowder from a St. George's magazine. It supplied the forts protecting that were protecting the port. 

In 1996, the town was twinned with Lyme Regis, Dorset, England. It was the birthplace of Admiral Sir George Somers. In 2000, the town, together with numerous surrounding fortifications, including the Castle Islands Fortifications, they were added to the UNESCO World Heritage Site. Together, they are formally known as the "Historic Town of St George and Related Fortifications".

St. George's Colts and Hamilton Parish football clubs play their games at the Wellington Oval, which also serves as a cricket ground.

St. George's Preschool serves the area. St. George's Primary School is in the community.




PlayStation TV

The PlayStation TV was a version of the PlayStation Vita that connected to a television.

Gorham's Cave

Gorham's Cave is a sea-level cave in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar. Although it is not a sea cave, it is often mistaken for one. It is considered to be one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals in Europe. The cave's name, Gorham's Cave complex, is a combination of four distinct caves that are part of the UNESCO World Heritage site. It is the only one in Gibraltar. The three other caves are Vanguard Cave, Hyaena Cave, and Bennett's Cave.

It is located at Governor's Beach on the southeastern face of the Rock of Gibraltar. People lived there about 55,000 years ago. It was approximately 5 kilometres from the shore, but, due to changes in sea level, it is now only a few metres from the Mediterranean Sea.

The cave is named after Captain A. Gorham. He discovered it in 1907 while opening a fissure at the rear of a sea cavern. Gorham wrote his name and the date of his discovery in lamp-black on the wall of the cave. It has his name ever since. After this initial discovery, it seems the cave was forgotten, at least at an official level. Gibraltarian historian and potholer George Palao recalls an inscription on the cave wall that read "J. J. Davies 1943".

Gorham's Cave is a sea cave which has formed in Jurassic limestone. Total length of this cave is approximately 100 m and at the entrance it is approximately 35 m high. Further inside the cave, it becomes narrower, and turns per approximately 90 degrees. From the entrance of cave opens a view on the Alboran Sea. It is possible that during further research the cave will become longer.

Gorham's Cave got its name Gorham's Cave complex. It is a grouping of four distinct caves of such importance that they are combined into a UNESCO heritage site. The three other caves are the nearby Vanguard Cave, the Hyaena Cave, and Bennett's Cave.

In November 2010, the Gorham's Cave complex was put forward to compete for a nomination as a UNESCO World Heritage site. Professor Clive Finlayson, director of the Gibraltar Museum, was responsible for coordinating the efforts to obtain this nomination. The first step was a proposal to the United Kingdom cultural authorities to get Gorham's Cave complex added to the UK's World Heritage tentative list. The list is changed every ten years. The process for a new list was ongoing at the date of the submission.

The ownership of land associated with Gorham's Cave was passed from the UK Ministry of Defence to the government of Gibraltar in 2011. The agreement swapped this MOD land and more than 300 MOD houses with the government of Gibraltar, who in exchange agreed to build 90 new houses on remaining MOD land.

In May 2012 Gorham's Cave complex was on the short list of two sites, along with the Forth Rail Bridge, that was forwarded for submission to UNESCO. The site was inscribed by UNESCO as a World Heritage site on 15 July 2016, and is Gibraltar's only World Heritage site.


Oro y plata

Oro y plata is the state motto of Montana. It means "Gold and silver" in Spanish.

Roman Theatre of Orange

The Roman Theatre of Orange (French: "Théâtre antique d'Orange") is a Roman theatre in Orange, Vaucluse, France. It was built early in the 1st century AD. The municipality of Orange owns the structure. The theatre is the home of the summer opera festival called the Chorégies d'Orange.

It is a very well preserved Roman theatres. It served the Roman colony of "Arausio" (more specifically, "Colonia Julia Firma Secundanorum Arausio": "the Julian colony of Arausio started by the soldiers of the second legion"). This colony was founded in 40 BC. The theatre played an important role in the life of the citizens. They spent a large part of their free time there.The Roman authorities saw it as a way to spread spreading Roman culture to the colonies. They also saw it as a way to make them forget about political activities.

Mime, pantomime, poetry readings and the "attelana" (a kind of farce, similar to the commedia dell'arte) were the most important forms of entertainment. It often lasted all day. The common people liked spectacular effects and beautiful stage sets became very important. The use of stage machinery also became important. The entertainment was open to everyone. It was free of charge.

The Western Roman Empire declined during the 4th century. Christianity had become the official religion. An official edict closed the theatre in AD 391. This is because at that time the Church was against what it saw as uncivilised performances. The Visigoths probably pillaged it in 412. Like most Roman buildings, a lot of its better stone was used again for other buildings. It was used as a defensive post in the early Middle Ages. By the 12th century, the Church started to use it for religious plays. During the 16th-century there were religious wars. The theatre became a place to hide for the townspeople. In 1981 UNESCO declared the theatre as a World Heritage Site. In modern days, it is used mostly for opera. It is also a tourist attraction.

The Romans made early Roman theatres mostly with wood. They were meant to be temporary structures. In 55 BC Pompey asked for a stone theatre in his home city of Rome. After this, important (and permanent) Roman theatres became more popular in the Empire. The Orange theatre was built under the rule of Augustus. It was one of the first of its kind in this area of France. The grand exterior (outside) facade is one of the most famous parts of the structure. It is 103 meters long and 37 meters high. At the beginning, there was a wooden roof across the theatre. This protected the people watching from bad weather. There is evidence on the walls that shows that, at some point, the roof burnt in a fire. There is not very much decoration on the theatre. However, the tall wall gives an imposing look to the whole building. The three main doors on the first level of the facade open directly onto the stage inside the theatre. The theatre can seat between 5,800 up to 7,300. Today, much of the seating is new. This is to make sure that tourists and people watching plays are safe. 

The stage is 61 meters long. It is about one meter above the ground. To the back is the wall. Its height is the same as in Roman times. This wall is very important to the theatre. This is because it helps to make the sound louder for the large audience. The wall is also known as the scaenae frons. It is the only place with decoration in the entire theatre. It used to have marble mosaics of many different colours. It also had many columns, friezes and statues placed in niches. The central niche contains a statue of the emperor Augustus. This was likely a restoration of an original statue of Apollo, the god of music and the arts. The central door, below the central niche, is called the Royal Door, or "valva regia." Only by the most important actors used this door to enter and exit the stage. Above the door there was a frieze decorated with centaurs. It is not there anymore. It is now on display across the street in the Orange Museum. Only some parts of it are left. The stage now has a modern platform. This is to stop damage when actors use it for operas and other performances.

The reconstruction (building again) of the theatre started in 1825. People wanted to bring back the theatre to its original use: to host large, exciting performances. In 1869, the theatre was still being restored. It hosted “The Roman Festivals,” which brought over 10,000 guests. A very important part of the restoration was excavating the area around the theatre. This happened in the 1930s. This excavation and levelling of buildings around the theatre helped find many historical objects and artifacts. These helped make knowledge better about the history and uses of the structure. Today, all three levels of seating have been completely restored. This is the same for many staircases, large parts of the pavement, the stage, the orchestra, and parts of walls.

During the Middle Ages, around the 12th century, the Church used the theatre to host plays. Theatre companies also hosted plays. In the 16th century this tradition stopped once again when the town was sacked during The French Wars of Religion. Much of the population left.In the 19th century, the theatre went back to its original use. Today, the Orange theatre is considered the best preserved (kept) Roman theatre in all of Europe. Culturespaces manages it. This is an organisation that also manages other related cultural sites in the area, for example the Orange Museum and the Triumphal Arch. It also manages other sites in the South of France. 

The theatre is a historical site, but also a venue for concerts and theatrical performances. The first major festival held in the theatre in 1869 after the restoration started was called “The Roman Festival”. This festival became a yearly festival called the Chorégies (see below). These decadent events brought in thousands of visitors from around the world. During the rest of the year, the Théâtre d'Orange is a major tourist attraction. Tourists can walk through the main theatre and rooms around it. They can also walk through the corridors.

During the 19th century, the theatre slowly started to look better again. Prosper Mérimée helped with this. At the time, he was the director of ""Monuments Historiques"." He led the restoration. The work began in 1825 and in 1869 the theatre became the home of a "Roman Festival" which celebrated the glory of Rome. It included a performance of Méhul's opera, "Joseph". In the second half of the 19th century, and early 20th century, all the major players of the French classical stage appeared in the Orange festivals. For example, Sarah Bernhardt played "Phèdre" there in 1903.

By the end of the century, the tiered seats were restored. In 1902 the festival had a new name, the "Chorégies". It was planned as a yearly summer festival. The name comes from the tax that wealthy Romans had to pay for theatre productions. Until 1969 the Chorégies consisted of plays and musical works, for example opera and symphonies. However, after that date, it became just an opera festival. Plays were done at Avignon.

In 1981 UNESCO made the theatre a World Heritage Site.


Chatham Dockyard

Chatham Dockyard was a Royal Navy Dockyard located on the River Medway in Kent. It was established in Chatham in the mid-16th century. The dockyard was then expanded into neighbouring Gillingham. Chatham Dockyards and its Defences are UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

It existed after the Reformation. It was at a time when relations with the Catholic countries of Europe had worsened, which increased the need for additional defences.

For 414 years, 500 ships were made available for the Royal Navy because of Chatham Royal Dockyard. It was at the forefront of shipbuilding, industrial and architectural technology. At its height, it employed over 10,000 skilled artisans. It covered . 

Chatham Dockyard was closed in 1984. The Georgian dockyard is now managed as the Chatham Historic Dockyard. It is a visitor attraction by the Chatham Historic Dockyard Trust. 



No War but the Class War

No War but the Class War is a slogan that is used by people who do not like capitalism. It means that people should not go fight in wars, which they believe support the rich and powerful, but fight the rich and powerful instead (in a special kind of war called "class struggle").

This slogan has been used in many arts and shows.

Some groups have used the name "No War but the Class War." These groups appeared in London around the time that the Gulf War and the Kosovo War were taking place.

The Man Who Cheated Himself

The Man Who Cheated Himself is a 1950 American crime movie directed by Felix E. Feist and starring Lee J. Cobb, Jane Wyatt, John Dall. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


For Heaven's Sake (1950 movie)

For Heaven's Sake is a 1950 American romantic fantasy drama movie directed by George Seaton and was based on the 1949 play "May We Come In?" by Harry Segall. It stars Clifton Webb, Joan Bennett, Robert Cummings and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Skåpafors

Skåpafors is a locality in Bengtsfors Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 313 people lived there.

Sjötorp

Sjötorp is a locality in Mariestad Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 494 people lived there.

Bäckefors

Bäckefors is a locality in Bengtsfors Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 673 people lived there.

Rigny-le-Ferron

Rigny-le-Ferron is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rilly-Sainte-Syre

Rilly-Sainte-Syre is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

La Rivière-de-Corps

La Rivière-de-Corps is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Mercedes-Benz buses

Mercedes-Benz has been building buses since 1895 in Mannheim in Germany.





Itaquaquecetuba

Itaquaquecetuba is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population in 2018 was 366,519 and has an area of 82,622 km².

Dún Laoghaire

Dún Laoghaire is the county town of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown (County Dublin) in Ireland.


Sam

Sam, SAM or variants may refer to:
















Yangdong Folk Village

Yangdong Folk Village is a village in South Korea's North Gyeongsang Province. It is inside the city of Gyeongju, which used to be the capital of Korea. It has buildings and other things that were built in the Joseon Dynasty or that have been rebuilt in the same style. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Yangdong was built in the 1400s by two important clans, Yeogang Lee and Wolseong Son. Many of the people who live in Yangdong now are from these families. Many members of these families who do not live in Yangdong come back a few times a year for special occasions.

Yangdong Folk Village is a World Heritage Site as part of a pair with Hahoe Folk Village. Both places were built during the Joseon Dynasty and many of the buildings are still intact. Some of the buildings have been rebuilt with modern materials, though. Like Hahoe, Yangdong's layout shows influences from the Confucian way of thinking and the importance of the clan system in Korea at the time. There are timber houses with tiled roofs for high-ranking people and mud houses with thatched roofs that were originally for low-ranking people. The village is on the sides of hills. The buildings were built in specific places so their rooftops would match and complement the hillsides around them. The buildings belonging to nobler or richer people are higher up on the hills. One home once had 99 rooms.

There are two Confucian schools, Oksanseowon and Donggangseowon, near Yangdong Folk Village.

There are about 149 houses in Yangdong Folk Village and people still live in them. Yangdong Folk Village has modern, paved roads, some modern bridges, and a railway.

Before it was declared a World Heritage Site around 2010, few people visited Yangdong. After it was declared a World Heritage Site, many more came. People worried about whether the extra visitors would damage the site. Tourists, including schoolchildren on field trips, often visit Yangdong.

Famous people from Yangdong include the Joseon era philosopher Lee Eon-jeok (1491-1553), nicknamed "Hoejae." Hojae is called one of the "Five Great Sages of the East."

Louga Region

Louga is a region in the northwest of Senegal. The regional capital is Louga.

As of the 2013 census, 835,325 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Soncoya

The term soncoya can mean any of two ":Annona" species:


Diourbel Region

Diourbel is a region in the central west of Senegal. The regional capital is Diourbel.

As of the 2013 census, 1,420,082 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Dakar Region

Dakar is a region in the west of Senegal. The regional capital is Dakar, which is also the national capital.

As of the 2013 census, 2,956,023 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are four départements:

Fatick Region

Fatick is a region in the southwest of Senegal. The regional capital is Fatick.

As of the 2013 census, 684,652 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Longdale, Oklahoma

Longdale is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Roosevelt, Oklahoma

Roosevelt is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cabeza de negro

The cabeza de negro, sincuya, or soncoya ("Annona purpurea") is a species of plant in the genus Annona. The name "cabeza de negro" is also applied to the similar species "Annona diversifolia". It is often used for fruit and medicine. It is deciduous, and has hairy leaves and large, scented flowers. It can grow up to 6 to 10 metres (20 to 33 feet). It can take 3 years for it to have fruit.

Vera, Oklahoma

Vera is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Meno, Oklahoma

Meno is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Marland, Oklahoma

Marland is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

American Guerrilla in the Philippines

American Guerrilla in the Philippines (released as I Shall Return in the UK) is a 1950 American war movie directed by Fritz Lang and is based on the 1945 book of the same name by Ira Wolfert. It stars Tyrone Power, Micheline Presle and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Liberty, Oklahoma

Liberty is a town in the U.S state of Oklahoma.

Romilly-sur-Seine

Romilly-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Cantagalo, Minas Gerais

Cantagalo is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.

Viva Zalata

Viva Zalata () is a 1976 Egyptian western comedy movie directed by Hassan Hafez and starring Fouad El Mohandes, Shwikar, Samir Ghanem, Tawfiq El Deken, and Hussien Fahmy.


Complex of Koguryo tombs

The complex of Koguryo tombs or Goguryeo tombs is a group of tombs, or places where human bodies are buried, in North Korea. The tombs were built during the Kingdom of Koguryo, which ruled parts of China and Korea from 37 BCE. to the 7th century CE. These tombs were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2004.

The tombs are made of stonework and earthwork and some of them have large, detailed paintings inside them. Historians have found about 10,000 tombs from the Koguryo kingdom in China and Korea. Only about 100 of them have paintings on the inside. 80 of these painted tombs are in what we today call the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, or North Korea. 63 tombs are part of the World Heritage Site, and 16 of these tombs have paintings. They were chosen because their paintings are so detailed and show daily life, because the way they were built shows good engineering, because modern people can use the tombs to tell what the people of the Kingdom of Koguryo thought about burying people, and because the burials in the Kingdom of Koguryo affected many later countries, including the modern Koreas and Japan.

The 63 tombs of the World Heritage Site are not all in the same place. They are spread out across the city of Pyongyang and nearby provinces. Historians think these tombs were made for kings and other royals and nobles.

Sometimes experts from North Korea and South Korea work together on the Koguryo tombs, but this depends on how well the two countries are getting along.

Thieves and other looters broke into some of the tombs, and only a few were completely untouched when scientists first saw them.

In 2018, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea began to allow more visitors from outside the country to see the tombs. This was part of a plan to improve the economy.

In May 2020, the National Museum of Korea in Seoul, South Korea, produced a digital exhibit called Immersive Digital Galleries. This exhibit included digital versions of some of the paintings from the Anak No. 3 tomb.

Alto Alegre, Roraima

Alto Alegre is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Roraima.

Amajari

Amajari is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Roraima.

Bonfim, Roraima

Bonfim is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Roraima, Brazil.

Cantá

Cantá is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Roraima.

Caracaraí

Caracaraí is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Roraima.

Iguaba Grande

Iguaba Grande is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro.

Rio Claro, Rio de Janeiro

Rio Claro is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro.

Romana, Sardinia

Romana ("Rumàna") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 543 people lived there. Its area is 21.6 km². It is 267 meters above sea level.

Assemini

Assemini ("Assèmini") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 26,818 people lived there. Its area is 118.17 km². It is 6 meters above sea level.

Capoterra

Capoterra ("Cabudèrra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 23,592 people lived there. Its area is 68.49 km². It is 54 meters above sea level.

Decimomannu

Decimomannu ("Deximumànnu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,133 people lived there. Its area is 27.72 km². It is 10 meters above sea level.

Elmas

Elmas ("Su Màsu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 9,475 people lived there. Its area is 13.63 km². It is 7 meters above sea level.

Le Flore, Oklahoma

LeFlore is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wainwright, Oklahoma

Wainwright is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cladoxylopsida

The cladoxylopsids are a group of plants known only as fossils that may be ancestors of ferns and horsetails.

They had a central trunk, from the top of which several lateral branches were attached. Fossils of these plants start in the middle Devonian to early Carboniferous periods, mostly just as stems.

Cladoxylopsida contains two orders. The order Hyeniales is now included in Pseudosporochnales.

Intact fossils of the Middle Devonian cladoxylopsid "Wattieza" show it was a tree, the earliest known in the fossil record as of 2007. In 2019, experts discovered more fossils of Cladoxylopsida and "Archaeopteris" in a quarry in Cairo, New York.

Fulton, Mississippi

Fulton is a city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Itawamba County.

Marks, Mississippi

Marks is a city in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is the county seat of Quitman County.

Martha, Oklahoma

Martha is a town in Oklahoma in the United States. According to the 2020 census, there were 162 people living there. 

Rocksprings, Texas

Rocksprings is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pocasset, Oklahoma

Pocasset is a town in Oklahoma in the United States. According to the 2020 US census, there are 183 people living there. 

Everman, Texas

Everman is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. According to the 2020 US census, there are 6,154 people living there. 

The Mudlark

The Mudlark is a 1950 American British movie directed by Jean Negulesco and was based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Theodore Bonnet. It stars Alec Guinness, Irene Dunne, Andrew Ray, Beatrice Campbell, Finlay Currie, Anthony Steel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated an Academy Award in 1951.


Wanrong

Wanrong (Chinese: 婉容, 13 November 1906 – June 20, 1946), formally known as the Xuantong Empress, was from the Gobulo (郭布羅) clan. She was married to Puyi, the last Emperor of China. In 1932, she became the empress of Manchukuo in northeastern China. In January 1946, Wanrong along with her sister-in-law was captured by the Chinese Communist guerrillas. She died in prison in June 1946. Her remains were never found.

Murtaja Baseer

Murtaja Baseer (17 August 1932 – 15 August 2020) was a Bangladeshi painter. He was also a poet, short story writer, novelist, researcher, numismatist, and filmmaker. 

He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1980 by the Government of Bangladesh.

Baseer worked at University of Chittagong as an assistant professor and served until 1998.

Baseer has written several novels including "Ultramarine" (1954), "Kanch-er Pakhir Gaan" (1969), "Mitar Shangey Char Shandha" and "Amitakkhar". He was a regular contributor to literary journals like Dilruba, Samakal, and Saogat. His first published poem was "Parbe Na". 

Baseer was active in leftist politics during the 1950s and was sent to prison during the Pakistan government.

In 1987, he received a fellowship from British Council to carry out research on folk and traditional art of Bangladesh.

Baseer died from COVID-19 in Dhaka on 15 August 2020, aged 87.

Pete Way

Peter Frederick Way (7 August 1951 – 14 August 2020) was an English bass player. He is best known as the bassist of the rock band UFO. He played in the band from 1969 to 1982, briefly in 1988–1989 and once again from 1991 to 2008. 

Way was also known as a founding member of Waysted and Fastway. He also notably played with Michael Schenker Group and Ozzy Osbourne.

Way died on 14 August 2020 at the age of 69. He died due to an injury caused by accident two months earlier. He was 69 years old.

Your Name Is Justine

Your Name Is Justine () is a 2005 Luxembourgian Polish thriller movie directed by Franco de Peña. It starred Anna Cieslak, Arno Frisch, Rafal Mackowiak, Dominique Pinon, Mathieu Carrière, David Scheller. 

John Talbut

John Talbut (20 October 1940 – 14 August 2020) was an English football defender. He played for the England under-23 team whilst at the club. 

In December 1966 Jimmy Hagan paid £30,000 to take Talbut to West Bromwich Albion. Talbut was a winner with the Baggies in the 1968 FA Cup Final but also featured on the losing side in the 1970 Football League Cup Final. 

Talbut died on 14 August 2020 from dementia-related problems, aged 79.

Nesim Tahirović

Nesim Tahirović (23 October 1941 — 14 August 2020) was a Bosnian painter.

During a forty five-year career as an independent artist he had around sixty solo exhibitions and more than hundred group exhibitions. His paintings were exhibited in museums, galleries and sold to private collectors all over the world. 

He was a member of "The Association of Applied Artists and Designers of Bosnia and Herzegovina" (ULUPUBiH) and "Association of Visual Artists of Bosnia and Herzegovina" (ULUBiH).

Tahirović died on 14 August 2020 in Tuzla, aged 78.

Shwikar

Shwikar Ibrahim () (04 May 1935 – 14 August 2020) was an Egyptian actress. She started her career in Alexandria in some tragedic roles. She was born in Alexandria. Her best known role was as Negma in the 1976 western movie "Viva Zalata".

Shwikar died on 14 August 2020 in Cairo, aged 81.

Herb Orvis

Herbert Vaughn Orvis (October 17, 1946 – August 14, 2020) was an American football defensive tackle. He played for the Detroit Lions and the Baltimore Colts in a ten-year career that lasted from 1972 to 1981 in the National Football League.

Orvis played college football at the University of Colorado. He was born in Petoskey, Michigan.

Orvis was drafted 16th overall in the first round of the 1972 NFL Draft by the Lions, playing for five years with that team. From 1978-81, he played for the Colts.

Orvis was chosen to be honored into the College Football Hall of Fame on January 8, 2015. 

Orvis died on August 14, 2020 in Goodyear, Arizona at the age of 73.

Linda Manz

Linda Manz (August 20, 1961 – August 14, 2020) was an American actress. She was active from 1978 to 1997. She was best known for her roles in "Days of Heaven" (1978), "Out of the Blue" (1980), and "Gummo" (1997). Manz was born in New York City.

Manz died on August 14, 2020 from pneumonia caused by lung cancer in New York City at the age of 58.

Ernst Jean-Joseph

Ernst Jean-Joseph (11 June 1948 – 14 August 2020) was a Haitian football midfielder. He played for Haiti in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He played for Violette A.C. and briefly for Chicago Sting.

Tom Forsyth

Thomas Forsyth (23 January 1949 – 14 August 2020) was a Scottish football player and coach. Forsyth played as a defender for Motherwell, Rangers and Scotland.

After his playing retirement, Forsyth was appointed manager of Dunfermline Athletic in 1982.

Forsyth was appointed McLean's assistant at Motherwell then Hearts, when McLean moved to these clubs in 1984 and 1994.

Forsyth died on 14 August 2020, aged 71.

Francesc Badia Batalla

Francesc Badia Batalla (10 January 1923 – 14 August 2020) was an Andorran politician and historian. He was the Episcopal Veguer of Andorra from 1972 until 1993. He also was a judge of the Tribunal of the Courts of Andorra over the same time. He was born in Montblanc, Tarragona, Spain.

Badia Batalla died on 14 August 2020, aged 97.

Dimasangcay Pundato

Dimasangcay Pundato (December 21, 1947 – August 13, 2020) a Muslim Filipino revolutionary leader and politician. He was born in Dansalan, Lanao. 

For nine years, he was a member of the Office on Muslim Affairs (OMA) under the Office of the President during the administrations of the President Cory Aquino and President Fidel V. Ramos. He was Vice Chairman of the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and Chairman of the MNLF Reformist Group.

Pundato died at his home in Marawi on August 13, 2020, at the age of 72.

Chris Eccleshall

Christopher J. Eccleshall (26 May 1948 – 13 August 2020) was an English luthier, guitar designer and guitar dealer. He worked with Martin, Gibson, and Guild guitars. He was also known for making Selmer-Maccaferri jazz guitars.

Eccleshall originally trained as a violin maker with W. E. Hill and Sons of Bond Street in London. He was also an engineer in the Fleet Air Arm.

Eccleshall died on 13 August 2020 in Dartington, Devon at the age of 72.

Mitch Hoopes

Mitchell Kent Hoopes (July 8, 1953 – August 11, 2020) was an American football punter in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, San Diego Chargers, Houston Oilers, Detroit Lions and Philadelphia Eagles. 

He also was a member of the Boston Breakers in the United States Football League. He played college football at the University of Arizona. He was born in Bisbee, Arizona.

Hoopes died on August 11, 2020, aged 67.

Tetsuya Watari

Watari died of pneumonia on August 10, 2020 in Tokyo, aged 78.

Konrad Steffen

Konrad "Koni" Steffen (2 January 1952 – 8 August 2020) was a Swiss glaciologist. He was known for his research into the impact of global warming on the Arctic. He was born in Zurich. Steffen was an associate professor of geography at the University of Colorado Boulder from 1991 to 1997.

He was the director of the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences at Boulder from 2005 to 2012. 

He took office as the director of the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research on July 1, 2012.

Steffen died, aged 68, on 8 August 2020 in an accident while on a field trip in Greenland. He fell into a crevasse near the Swiss Camp research station and drowned.

Crevasse

A crevasse is a deep crack, or fracture, found in an ice sheet or glacier. It is like a crevice that forms in rock. Crevasses form as a result of the movement caused by the shear stress between two semi-rigid pieces of ice.

Crevasses often have vertical or near-vertical walls, which can then melt and create seracs, arches, and other ice formations.

Surrender of Japan

The surrender of Imperial Japan was announced by Japanese Emperor Hirohito on August 15 and formally signed on September 2, 1945. This ended World War II. 

By the end of July 1945, the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) was not able to carry major operations and an Allied invasion of Japan was near. 

Together with the British Empire and China, the United States called for the unconditional surrender of the Japanese armed forces in the Potsdam Declaration on July 26, 1945.

A key factor in Japan's surrender were the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

Baltimore Plot

The Baltimore Plot was a plan by pro-slavery owners in late February 1861 to assassinate President-elect of the United States Abraham Lincoln. The plan was to kill Lincoln while he was on his way to his inauguration. 

Allan Pinkerton, founder of the Pinkerton National Detective Agency, played a key role by being in charge of Lincoln's security throughout the journey. Though scholars debate whether or not the threat was real, clearly Lincoln and his advisors believed that there was a threat and took actions to make sure he traveled safely through Baltimore, Maryland. This was where Lincoln's plotted assassination would have happened.

Lincoln arrived secretly in Washington, D.C. on February 23, 1861. A planned train route through Bellaire, Ohio, to Wheeling, Virginia (West Virginia had yet to break off from Virginia) and eastward, was redirected up through the Pittsburgh through Pennsylvania, into Maryland and eventually to Washington.

For the remainder of his presidency, Lincoln's many critics would call him a coward because he was in disguise while travelling secretly to Washington.

Allan Pinkerton

Allan J. Pinkerton (August 25, 1819 – July 1, 1884) was a Scottish–American detective and spy. He was best known for creating the Pinkerton National Detective Agency. He was known for protecting then-President-elect of the United States Abraham Lincoln during the Baltimore Plot (a plan to kill Lincoln in Baltimore, Maryland in 1862).

Kate Warne

Kate Warne (1833 – January 28, 1868) was an American law enforcement officer. She was known as the first female detective, in 1856, in the Pinkerton Detective Agency and the United States. 

She played a key role in helping then President-elect of the United States Abraham Lincoln travel to Washington, D.C. safely during the alleged Baltimore Plot (the plot to kill Lincoln in Baltimore, Maryland) in 1862. She was born in Erin, New York.

Warne died of pneumonia in Chicago on January 28, 1868.

Erin, New York

Erin is a town in Chemung County, New York, United States. The population in Town of Erin was 1,806 at the 2020 census. The town was named by early settlers from Ireland.

Pinkerton (detective agency)

Pinkerton, founded as the Pinkerton National Detective Agency, is a private security guard and detective agency created in the United States by Scottish-American spy Allan Pinkerton in 1850. It is a part of Securitas AB. 

Pinkerton became famous when he claimed to have stopped a plot to assassinate president-elect Abraham Lincoln, who later hired Pinkerton agents for his personal security during the Civil War. Pinkerton's agents performed services ranging from security guarding to private military contracting work. 

The Pinkerton National Detective Agency hired women and minorities from its founding. Pinkerton was the largest private law enforcement organization in the world at the height of its power.

Ray tracing

Ray tracing is a computer algorithm for drawing very realistic 3D images.

With ray tracing, objects in the scene are described with geometrical shapes like spheres or planes. The computer then sends rays (straight lines) forward from where the camera is. The objects that get hit by these rays are the objects that the camera can see. The computer then draws these objects. This is similar to how our eyes see but in the real world the rays (light) go the opposite way – from the world to our eyes. If we made rays go from the world to the camera, most of the rays would not hit the camera, and we would have to wait a long time until we see an image appear. That is why instead, we make rays go from the camera to the world, meaning we know all the rays we create will go to the camera.

Ray Tracing was first mentioned by Albrecht Dürer in the XVI century. In 1982, Scott Roth called this technique "ray emission" in the computer graphics context, but in that time, it was a less accurate version of the Ray Tracing that didn't include reflection and refraction of light.

Lenawee County, Michigan

Lenawee County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. The county seat is Adrian. As of the 2020 census, 99,423 people lived here.

Luce County, Michigan

Luce County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 5,339 people live here. The county seat is Newberry.

Crinkle crankle wall

A crinkle crankle wall is a brick wall built in alternate convex and concave curves. It is sometimes described as a serpentine wall or a wavy wall. It is found most often in England, though the idea has been used elsewhere. The walls do look elegant, but the main object is practical. The format resists the usual pushes from the surrounding earth, and so needs fewer repairs than straight walls do.

Thomas Jefferson (1743–1826) incorporated serpentine walls into the architecture of the University of Virginia, which he founded. On both sides of its rotunda and down the length of the lawn are ten pavilions. Each has its own walled garden separated by crinkle crankle walls.

Many crinkle crankle walls are found in East Anglia, England. There the marshes of The Fens were drained by Dutch engineers, starting in the mid-1600s. They apparently introduced the idea.  The county of Suffolk has at least 50 examples, twice as many as in the rest of the country. The term "crinkle crankle" is said to derive from a Suffolk dialect. The crinkle crankle wall running from the former manor house to All Saints' Church in the estate village of Easton is believed to be the longest existing example.

The idea, which is never seen in cities, is not that uncommon in south-eastern England. The ancient village of Wheathampstead in Hertfordshire has a crinckle-crankle wall near its church. It has needed far less maintenance than the straight walls in the vicinity.

In Lymington, Hampshire, there are at least two examples of crinkle crankle walls. The older of the two is thought to have been constructed at the time of the Napoleonic Wars (1803–1815) by exiled Hanoverian soldiers living in a nearby house.

Mackinac County, Michigan

Mackinac County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 10,834 people live here. The county seat is St. Ignace.

Manistee County, Michigan

Manistee County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 25,032 people live here. The county seat is Manistee.

Mason County, Michigan

Mason County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 29,052 people live here. The county seat is Ludington.

Crofting

Crofting is a form of land tenure. It also involves small-scale food production, particularly in the Scottish Highlands. Within the 19th century, townships, and individual crofts were established on the better land. Then a large area of poorer-quality hill ground was shared by all the crofters of the township for feeding their livestock.

Crofting is a traditional social system in Scotland defined by small-scale food production. It is a group of common working communities, or "townships". Individual crofts are typically established on of in-bye for better quality forage, arable and vegetable production. Each township manages poorer-quality hill ground as common grazing for cattle and sheep.

Despite its challenges, crofting is important to the Highlands. In 2014-15 there were 19,422 crofts, with 15,388 crofters. S

Tenants and owner-occupier crofters are required to comply with a range of duties specified in sections 5AA to 5C and 19C of the Crofters (Scotland) Act 1993. There is a requirement to be ordinarily resident within 32 km of the croft. If the croft is the sole dwelling and the crofter's family are resident while the croft is away this would probably be accepted as ordinarily resident. Other situations involving other places of residence would need to be assessed individually. In addition to the duty of residence tenants and owner occupier crofters are required to ensure the croft is cultivated, maintained and not neglected or misused.


Notes


Mecosta County, Michigan

Mecosta County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 39,714 people live here. The county seat is Big Rapids. 

Feldkirchen, Upper Bavaria

Feldkirchen (Central Bavarian: "Fejdkira") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Butrint

Butrint (; from ) was an ancient Greek and later Roman city and bishopric in Epirus. The city is considered as one of the most important archaeological sites in Albania. With its vast cultural, historical and natural value with a considerable history, Butrint became part of UNESCO World Heritage site in 1992. It became a National Park in 2000.

Buthrotum was a city of the Epirote tribe of the Chaonians. It started declining in Late Antiquity. It later became abandoned during the Middle Ages after a major earthquake flooded most of the city. 

It is now an archeological site in Vlorë County, Albania. It is about 14 kilometres south of Sarandë and close to the Greek border. It is located on a hill overlooking the Vivari Channel, and is part of the Butrint National Park.

The site of Butrint is accessible from Sarandë. Its road was first built in 1959 for a visit by the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev. The road was improved during the summer of 2010. 

The construction was somewhat of an environmental disaster. It one point, it threatened Butrint's World Heritage Site status. The ancient city is becoming a popular tourist destination. It attracts day-trippers from the nearby Greek holiday island of Corfu. Hydrofoils (30 minutes) and ferries (90 minutes) run daily between the New Port in Corfu Town and Saranda. 

Many visitors from Corfu use chartered coach services to visit Butrint from Sarandë. A regular public bus service runs between Sarandë port and Butrint. Others arrive from the Qafe Bote border crossing with Greece near Konispol and cross the Vivari Channel by the cable ferry at Butrint.





Pont Saint-Bénézet

The Pont Saint-Bénézet (; Provençal: "Pònt de Sant Beneset") is a famous medieval bridge in the town of Avignon, in the south of France. It is also known as the Pont d'Avignon ().

A wooden bridge was built between 1177 and 1185. It went across the Rhône river between Villeneuve-lès-Avignon and Avignon. This early bridge was destroyed forty years later in 1226. This was during the Albigensian Crusade when Louis VIII of France attacked Avignon. In 1234 building started again for a new bridge with 22 stone arches. The stone bridge was about long and only wide. This width included the parapets at the sides. The bridge was abandoned in the mid-17th century. The arches collapsed (broke and fell into the water) each time the Rhône flooded. This made it very expensive to maintain (fix) the bridge.

Four arches and the gatehouse at the Avignon end of the bridge still exist. The Chapel of Saint Nicholas sits on the second pier of the bridge. It was built in the second half of 12th century. It has changed a lot since then. The western terminus, the Tour Philippe-le-Bel also still exists.

The bridge was the inspiration for the French song "Sur le pont d'Avignon." The bridge is an important landmark in the city. In 1995, the arches of the bridge, together with the Palais des Papes and Cathédrale Notre-Dame des Doms were classified as a World Heritage Site.

The bridge went across the Rhône between Avignon and Villeneuve-lès-Avignon. The first bridge was built between 1177 and 1185. It was destroyed during the siege of Avignon by Louis VIII of France in 1226. They started rebuilding the bridge again by 1234. Many historians think that the first bridge was made of wood or maybe a wooden structure supported on stone piers. When the bridge was built a second time, it was all made of stone. The stone bridge had 22 arches and 21 piers. Its length was . It did not run directly between the two gatehouses. It had a curved path. This was probably because of the position of the islands on the river at the time. Over the centuries the Rhône has moved across its floodplain. The position of the islands in the 13th century is not well documented. A 17th-century map shows that the southern end of the Île de la Barthelasse was upstream of the bridge. The bridge crossed small islands that were upstream of the Île de Piot. The space between the piers was between . The bridge was only in width with the parapets at the sides. The arches sometimes broke when the river flooded. They were sometimes replaced with temporary wooden structures, and after they were rebuilt in stone.

The bridge fell into a bad state during the 17th century. By 1644 the bridge was missing four arches. A flood in 1669 broke even more of the structure. After this, the other arches have collapsed one after the other, or they have been demolished. As of 2020, only four of the arches are left. The only other visible part of the bridge is some masonry from pier 11. This is attached to a private building on the Île de la Barthelasse. Remains of other piers are buried under a thick layer of sediment on the island or at the bottom of the Rhône. Piers 9 and 10 are both now on the Île de la Barthelasse. They were confirmed by cores drilled at the positions historians thought. They found masonry from the piers at a depth of below ground level. Just below the masonry, at a depth of around there were wooden fragments (small pieces). These were made of silver fir ("Abies alba"). Carbon-14 dating of this material gave dates of 1238–1301 AD for pier 9 and 1213–1280 AD for pier 10 (the range is for 2σ).

The arches are segmental rather than the semi-circular shape usually used in Roman bridges. Of the 4 arches that still exist, the largest span is . This is between the third and fourth piers. The piers have cutwaters. These are pointed both upstream and downstream. These mean there is less scour around the piers. This is one of the main problems for the stability of stone bridges. The piers were built with holes in the stone. This was to help lessen pressure from the flow of water when the river was in flood.

After the collapse of the Saint-Bénézet bridge, people crossed the Rhône at Avignon by ferry. This happened until the beginning of the 19th century. Between 1806 and 1818 a wooden bridge was built across the river. The new bridge was a few hundred metres south of the old bridge at the . A suspension bridge replaced the section across the Avignon branch of the Rhône in 1843. This was demolished in 1960 with the opening of the Edouard Daladier bridge. The section of the wooden bridge across the Villeneuve branch of the Rhône was not replaced until 1909. The replacement stone bridge, the Nouveau Pont, was damaged by bombing in 1944. It was repaired after the war but was replaced by the Pont du Royaume in 1972.

Saint Bénézet inspired the building of the bridge. He was a shepherd boy from the hamlet of Villard in the Ardèche. According to tradition, he heard the voice of Jesus Christ while he was looking after his sheep. Jesus asked him to build a bridge across the river. Although he was ridiculed at first, he "proved" his divine inspiration by miraculously lifting a very large block of stone. He won support for his project and formed a Bridge Brotherhood to help with building the bridge. After his death, he was interred on the bridge itself. This was in a small chapel standing on one of the bridge's surviving piers on the Avignon side.

The Saint Nicholas Chapel sits on a platform on the upstream side of the second pier (between the second and third arches). The bridge chapel has been restored and built again a few times. It now has two floors. Each floor has a nave and an apse. The upper floor is at the same level as the platform of the bridge. It makes the width of the walkway smaller. In this place, the walkway is only . There is a set of steps to get to the lower floor from the bridge.

The outside of the chapel shows marks of the rebuilding work. For example, there are blocked windows on the south-eastern wall. The nave is covered with stone roof tiles. These tiles rest on a series of corbels. The polygonal apse has a flat roof. It sits above the cutwater of the pier.

The lower chapel's apse is decorated with five arches. It is from the second half of the 12th century. At a later date, maybe as early as the 13th century, there was a floor supported by a ribbed quadripartite vault inserted into the structure. The simple rectangular upper chapel was consecrated in 1411. A side door was created in the lower chapel. This is because the stonework of the raised bridge blocked the original entrance. In 1513 a pentagonal apse with gothic columns was added to the upper chapel.

In 1670, after the bridge was abandoned, the relics of Saint Bénézet were transferred to the Hôpital du Pont (also called the Hôpital St Bénézet). This is within the city walls next to the gatehouse.

The bridge was also the site of devotion by the Rhône boatmen. This is because their patron saint was Saint Nicholas. They initially worshipped in the Saint Nicholas Chapel on the bridge itself (where Saint Bénézet's body was also interred). However, the bad condition of the bridge made it difficult to go there. In 1715 the confraternity of boatmen built a chapel on dry land on the Avignon side of the bridge. This was outside the ramparts next to the gatehouse. This chapel was destroyed by a major flood of the Rhône in 1856. A house for a caretaker was built on the ruins during the restoration work. This started around 1878. The residence was demolished after the restoration work on the bridge and gatehouse in the 1980s.
The bridge had great strategic importance. When it was built, it was the only fixed river crossing between Lyon and the Mediterranean Sea. It was also the only river crossing between the Comtat Venaissin (an enclave controlled by the Pope) and France controlled by the kings of France. As such, it was closely guarded on both sides of the river. The right bank was controlled by the French crown. The fortress of the Tour Philippe-le-Bel was close enough to see the bridge. This was built at the beginning of the 14th century. On the Avignon side, a large gatehouse was built in the 14th century. It was changed a lot in the 15th century. The walkway passed over the city wall and down a ramp (now destroyed). This led into the city.

Between 1265 and 1309 another stone bridge was built across the Rhône, . This was upstream from Avignon, at what is now Pont-Saint-Esprit. At the time, it was called Saint-Saturnin-du-Port. The Pont-Saint-Esprit bridge originally had 20 arches. It was long. Although it is now changed, the medieval bridge still exists as of 2020.

The Chapel of Saint Nicholas and the four remaining arches were listed as a "Monument historique" in 1840.

There has been a debate on whether there was a bridge before the Saint Bénézet bridge was built in the 12th century. Henri Revoil first said there may have been an older bridge. He said this at the French Archaeological Conference held in Avignon in 1882. His main argument was that the stonework at the base of the four surviving piers became visible. At very low water, stone blocks were visible. They were larger than those above. They had features that looked foreign to the existing bridge. The style of the masonry indicated to Revoil that there had been an earlier bridge dating from either the late Roman or Carolingian periods. In 1892 Louis Rochetin published an article. It said that the stone blocks at the base of the first pier and those on either side of the second pier supporting the chapel were the remains of springers that would have supported earlier Roman arches.

Denis-Marcel Marié self-published a book about the bridge in 1953. It looked at all the previous publications. In the last chapter it supported the hypothesis that there was an earlier bridge built by the Gallo-Romans around the end of the Roman occupation. He said that the bases of the piers that were still there belonged to this earlier bridge. He also said that the semi-circular arches used during the Roman period meant that the level of the roadway would have been higher than the top of the surviving chapel. Marié supposed that this early bridge had collapsed over the following seven centuries. He said that the 12th century Bénézet bridge had a decking supported on wooden piles linking the ruined Roman piers. The piles were needed because the gaps between the Roman stone piers would have been too large to span with wooden beams without the support in between. The height of the Bénézet bridge would have been at the level of the lower chapel.

Perrot "et al." published an article in 1971 about a Roman bridge too. The article talked about a survey in 1969 on the vestiges of the piers in the Villeneuve branch of the river the Compagnie Nationale du Rhône (CNR) destroyed them. The article also had long quotes from an unpublished report by Mr Mathian, an engineer working for the CNR. This was about a survey carried out in 1965 on the four intact piers on the Avignon side of the river. This survey found a layer of wood, at least 20 cm in thickness. This was under the foundations of each of the four intact piers.

A sample of the wood was dated by the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS). They used the radiocarbon technique. It was from between 290 and 530 AD, corresponding to the end of the Roman Empire. In the survey of the ruined piers in the Villeneuve channel, a pier (listed as number 14) was found to contain wooden beams inside the masonry. A sample of this wood was radiodated to 890 AD. During the dredging of the Villeneuve channel the remains of three large wooden piles were recovered. Two of these were still covered with iron tips.

The archaeologist Dominique Carru, accepted the radiocarbon date for the sample of wood. However, he argued in 1999 that it is very unlikely that an earlier bridge existed. It is not mentioned in the surviving texts from the high medieval period . Also, a bridge would have led to the development of a town on the right bank of the Rhône opposite Avignon, similar to those at other locations in the Rhône valley, such as Trinquetaille opposite Arles and Saint-Romain-en-Gal near Vienne. There is no evidence for an important early settlement near the terminus of the bridge. The main east-west route in the Roman period passed through Tarascon-Beaucaire, to the south. It avoided the river at Avignon which was wide and variable in position.

The bridge has became famous with the song "Sur le Pont d'Avignon" ("On the Bridge of Avignon"). An earlier song with the same title was popular in the 16th and 17th centuries. Ottaviano Petrucci published the melody in his "Harmonice Musices Odhecaton" of 1503-4. The 16th-century composer Pierre Certon used the melody in a mass with the title: "Sus le Pont d'Avignon". The modern version of the song dates from the mid-19th century. Adolphe Adam included it in the opéra comique "Le Sourd ou l'Auberge pleine." This was first played in Paris in 1853. The opera was an adaptation of the 1790 comedy by Desforges.




Belfries of Belgium and France

The Belfries of Belgium and France are a group of 56 historical buildings. They are part of UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Europe. It shows a design change from feudal and religious influence in historic Flanders and its neighboring regions of the Duchy of Burgundy.

UNESCO included 32 towers of Belfries of Flanders and Wallonia in 1999. In 2005, the bell tower of Gembloux in the Walloon Region of Belgium and 23 others from the Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Picardy regions were added to the renamed list. Brussels Town Hall and its bell tower were not included since was already part of the Grand Place World Heritage Site.

Additional six church towers were also added since they served as watchtowers or alarm bell towers. These include Cathedral of Our Lady in Antwerp, St. Rumbolds Cathedral in Mechelen, St. Peter's Church, Leuven, St. Germanus Church in Tienen, the Basilica of Our Lady in Tongeren and St. Leonard's Church in Zoutleeuw.

Most of the buildings in the list are towers from bigger buildings. A few of them are restoration of towers previously connected to nearby bigger buildings.

The ID numbers match the order in the complete list ID from 943 to 943bis from UNESCO.



Missaukee County, Michigan

Missaukee County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 15,052 people live here. The county seat is Lake City.

The Fireball

The Fireball is a 1950 American drama movie directed by Tay Garnett and stars Mickey Rooney and Pat O'Brien. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Soldiers Three

Soldiers Three is a 1951 American historical adventure movie directed by Tay Garnett and starring Stewart Granger, Walter Pidgeon, David Niven. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Historic Centres of Berat and Gjirokastra

The Historic Centres of Berat and Gjirokastër () are cities of Berat and Gjirokastër in southern Albania. Together, they form the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Albania. Gjirokastër was added to the list in 2005. Berat was later added in 2008. They are known as examples of a unique design common during the Ottoman period.

Berat is also known as the city of a thousand windows. It is one of the most special architectural sites in Albania. Similarities in Illyrians, Greeks, Romans, Byzantines and Ottomans influences are still evident. The designs are seen and well preserved in the city with castles and mansions, old churches and mosques and grand wall paintings, icons and murals. Throughout the centuries, Berat was the place where different religions and communities co-existed in peace.

Gjirokastër, also known as the city of stone. It stretches on the top side of the Drino River valley. It looks over the historic landscape with beautiful stone setting edbed by mountains at every side. Like most cities in Albania, Gjirokastër has architectural designs from many civilizations that conquered the area. 


Estaing, Aveyron

Estaing is a commune of the Aveyron department in the southern part of France.


Roncenay

Roncenay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rosières-près-Troyes

Rosières-près-Troyes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rosnay-l'Hôpital

Rosnay-l'Hôpital is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

La Rothière

La Rothière is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France. 

Rouilly-Sacey

Rouilly-Sacey is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Skwierzyna

Skwierzyna () is a town in Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 9,671 people lived there.

Bulgur

Burghul () is a food made from cracked wheat. It is sometimes called bulgur. It is very popular in Middle Eastern and Turkish cuisines. 

Kennedale, Texas

Kennedale is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lake Worth, Texas

Lake Worth is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. As of 2020, there are 4,921 people living there.

Newark, Texas

Newark is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Richland Hills, Texas

Richland Hills is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Richland Hills has a total area of 3.1 square miles.

River Oaks, Texas

River Oaks is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Sansom Park, Texas

Sansom Park is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Westworth Village, Texas

Westworth Village is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lakeside, Tarrant County, Texas

Lakeside is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Briar, Texas

Briar is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pantego, Texas

Pantego is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. At the 2020 census, the population was 2,568.


Pharr, Texas

Pharr is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Willow, Oklahoma

Willow is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Montcalm County, Michigan

Montcalm County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 66,614 people live here. The county seat is Stanton.

Shuttle roller coaster

A shuttle roller coaster is any roller coaster that ultimately does not make a complete circuit, but rather reverses at some point throughout its course and traverse the same track backwards.

Warwick, Oklahoma

Warwick is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Phillips, Oklahoma

Phillips is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Trophy Club, Texas

Trophy Club is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Westlake, Texas

Westlake is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Westover Hills, Texas

Westover Hills is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rendon, Texas

Rendon is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ames, Texas

Ames is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. According to the 2020 census, 937 people lived there.


Amherst, Texas

Amherst is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Sudan, Texas

Sudan is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

San Augustine, Texas

San Augustine is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

NGC 75

NGC 75 is a lenticular galaxy in the Pisces constellation. It was discovered by Lewis A. Swift in 1886.

NGC 4479

NGC 4479 is a barred lenticular galaxy located about 60 million light-years away. It is in the Coma Berenices constellation.

Myristica

Myristica is a genus of plants in the Myristicaceae family. It has 150+ species, mostly in Southeast Asia, Australia, and the western Pacific. The most well-known species is "Myristica fragrans", which produces nutmeg and mace.

Species are:


Tian Shan

The Tian Shan is a large system of mountain ranges in Central Asia. The tallest mountain is Jengish Chokusu, at high. The eastern part of the ranges became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2013. The western part in Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Kyrgyzstan became a World Heritage Site in 2016. The ranges are along the border with China and Kyrgyzstan, and stretches towards the west. The ancient North Silk Road used to go next to the mountain range for people to travel between East Asia and the Middle East. They would follow the mountain range when travelling through the Taklamakan Desert.

Brazil (1985 movie)

Brazil is a 1985 science fiction movie directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam, Charles McKeown, and Tom Stoppard. The movie stars Jonathan Pryce and features Robert De Niro, Kim Greist, Michael Palin, Katherine Helmond, Bob Hoskins, Oscar Quitak and Ian Holm.

It is about a man (Jonathan Pryce) in an imagined society where there is a lot of suffering and injustice.


Jeju language

The Jeju language (Jeju: 제주말, "Jeju-mal") is a Koreanic language spoken on the South Korean island of Jeju. It is related to Korean.

The Jeju language comes from Middle Korean, which is also the ancestor of the Korean language.

Jeju became a separate language from (mainland) Korean due to its isolation as an island and because in 1629, Jejuans were banned from leaving Jeju, causing more disconnection.

UNESCO lists Jeju as a "critically endangered" language, since most of its speakers are over the age of 70. Younger Jejuans speak Korean instead. As of 2010, the language is spoken by 5,000 - 10,000 people, which is less than 2% of Jeju Island's total population.

Many linguists think Jeju is its own language, mostly because mainland Koreans cannot understand it. Others think Jeju is a dialect of Korean, although a very different one. The local government calls Jeju as a separate language, and the idea of it being a language is becoming more accepted in both Korean and foreign academia. UNESCO listed Jeju as one of the world's languages in 2011.


Historic Monuments and Sites in Kaesong

Historic Monuments and Sites in Kaesong are a group of archaeological sites in North Korea that show the history of the Koryo Dynasty, which ruled Korea from 918 c.e. to 1392 c.e. All together, they were named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2013.

Kaesong was the capital city of the Kingdom of Koryo. The city's gates, palaces, tombs and monuments, walls, schools, tower for looking at the stars and other buildings all together make up the World Heritage Site because they show the philosophy, culture, politics and spiritual beliefs of the Koryo people. The city's layout shows a mixture of Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism. It especially shows the change from Buddhism to neo-Confucianism that happened during the Koryo Dynasty.

UNESCO says three different sections of wall and a few gates in Kaesong have enough historical value to be part of the site. The Palocham Wall was built in 896 c.e., just before the Koryo Dynasty. The Outer Wall was built in 1009-1029 and connected the city to the nearby Songak, Puhung, Tokam, Jine and Ryongsu Mountains. The wall was built to defend the city, but it also shows what people believed about the magic or spiritual power of mountains. The Inner Wall was built in 1391-3, just as the Koryo Dynasty was ending.

The Namdae Gate in the Inner Wall was the main gate on the south side of Kaesong.

Manwoldae Palace is now an archaeological site. It was the royal palace for 500 years. It burned down four times and the people rebuilt it over and over. In modern times, North Korean and South Korean teams have worked at the site together to study it. 

The ruins of the Kaesong Chomsongdae are also part of the site.. Comsongdae was an observatory where people studied the stars and weather. The Koryo Songgyungwan was a school for government officials and Sungyang Sowon was a school of Confucian philosophy.

Sonjuk Bridge is where the high official Jong Mong Ju was assassinated, an event that was part of the end of the Koryo Dynasty.

The Heritage Site includes large mausoleums for King Taejo of Goryeo and King Gongmin of Goryeo. It has two other groups of tombs as well, the Seven Tombs Cluster and Myongrung Tombs Cluster. There are also two steles for Jeong Mong-ju, called the Phyochung Monuments. Steles are memorial pillars that may have the dead person's name written on them but do not contain his or her body.

List of World Heritage Sites in North Korea

As of 2013, two sites in North Korea have been added to the World Heritage List. Both are cultural sites. There are also five sites on the tentative list.


Chiappa Rhino

The Chiappa Rhino is a revolver. It fires bullets from the bottom of the cylinder. This is different from most other revolvers, which fire from the top of the cylinder. This allows the Rhino to shoot even powerful bullets, like the .357 Magnum, with little recoil. As a result, the Rhino also has high accuracy and high rate of fire.

The Rhino is named after the rhinoceros because it looks somewhat like a rhinoceros's head. Most models shoot the .357 Magnum (as well as the .38 Special), but there are also models that shoot the 9x19mm Parabellum or the S&W .40. Due to its futuristic look, it is often shown in science-fiction movies like the live-action "Ghost in the Shell", "", and the remake of "Total Recall".

Bullvalene

Bullvalene is a hydrocarbon. It has a chemical formula of CH It is a type of molecule with no permanent structure. 

Compounds that share the molecular formula, include: 

Poor Liz

Poor Liz (original Russian: "Бедная Liz)" is a Russian made-for-television movie. It was made in 2013 and first shown on television on January 2, 2014. It is a romantic comedy. 

Joe Sokoloff is a sergeant in the Canadian police. He takes a vacation to his ancestral homeland, Russia. On his way, he his robbed while sleeping on a train. He discovers this just as the train makes a short stop in a small town. He sees a young woman chasing after a who had not paid for pastries he had bought from her. Joe dashes off the train to help. He then is taken to the police station with the man and the woman. The local police officer wants a report. Now Joe has missed his train. The woman takes him in while he waits for the Canadian embassy to fix things for him. Despite many comedic cultural mistakes, the woman, Liza, grows to like him. He falls in love with her. Liza has a daughter who is mute because of having been kidnapped earlier. Joe is kind to the daughter, Olya. She gradually opens up to him. She eventually regains her speech. The first step is when she sees a horse and tries to say the word. After several times when she got mad at Joe, Liza finally understands that she loves him. But Joe disappeared for three days after her last outburst. Olya tells Liza that Joe will return. Then he does return. He explains to Liza that he had to get things straightened out with the embassy. He says he also had bought a horse and buggy. Olya is very happy. The three ride through town in the buggy.

Writers:Leonora Pashenko and Elena Zueva <br>
Director: Alexsey Lisovets<br>
Producers: Vladislav Ryashin<br>
Executive producer: Vadim Zhuk and Larisa Zhuravskaya<br>
Music: Vladimir Kripak and Maksim Velichko<br>
Cinematography: Vasiliy Borodin <br>



Parnelia Augustine

Parnelia Augustine (1884–1960) was an American painter. Her works are shown in the Museum of Nebraska Art (MONA). She tied with another artist and won the American Beauty Roses in the Lincoln Artists’ Guild All-Nebraska Show. 

Nightmare Alley (movie)

Nightmare Alley is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Edmund Goulding and was based on the 1946 novel of the same name by William Lindsay Gresham. It stars Tyrone Power, Joan Blondell, Coleen Gray, Helen Walker, Ian Keith, Taylor Holmes and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ms. 45

Ms. 45 (also known as Angel of Vengeance, and mistyped as Ms. 45) is a 1981 American crime thriller movie directed by Abel Ferrara (wlo also stars) and starring Zoe Lund, Editta Sherman, Albert Sinkys. It was distributed by Rochelle Films.


A Certain Smile (movie)

A Certain Smile is a 1958 American romantic drama movie directed by Jean Negulesco and is based on the 1956 book of the same name by Françoise Sagan. It stars Rossano Brazzi, Joan Fontaine, Christine Carère, Bradford Dillman and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

High Crimes

High Crimes is a 2002 American legal thriller movie directed by Carl Franklin and starring Ashley Judd, Morgan Freeman, Jim Caviezel, Amanda Peet, Tom Bower. The screenplay by Yuri Zeltser and Grace Cary Bickley is based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Joseph Finder and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Robert Trump

Robert Stewart Trump (August 26, 1948August 15, 2020) was an American real-estate developer and business executive. He was the younger brother of Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States.

Trump joined his father Fred Trump's business and came to manage the Trump Organization's real estate holdings outside Manhattan.

He was on the board of directors for ZeniMax Media, parent company to Bethesda Softworks, a position he had from 1999 until his death in 2020.

Robert Trump remained a loyal supporter of his brother's political career. In a 2016 interview, Robert Trump stated: "I support Donald one thousand percent."

In June 2020, Trump spent a week in intensive care at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan. On August 14, 2020, the White House announced that he had again been hospitalized. Trump died at NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital in Manhattan on August 15, 2020 at age 71 from a cerebral hemorrhage.

Sarita, Texas

Sarita is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Not in Front of the Children (TV series)

Not in Front of the Children is a British comedy series starring Wendy Craig. It was first aired on British TV in August, 1967. The last of the 39 episodes produced was transmitted on the 9th January, 1970. The programme was broadcast over four series or seasons. Wendy Craig went on to reprise her role as a middle class, scatty housewife in ..."And Mother Makes Three and" its follow up series ..."And Mother Makes Five".

Craig plays a scatter-brain housewife, Jennifer Corner. She is married to Henry who is a school art teacher. They have three children, a boy in his early teens, played by Hugo Keith Johnston, and two girls who are younger than the boy, played by Roberta Tovey later replaced by Verina Greenlaw and Jill Roddick. Henry was initially played by Paul Daneman (in the "Comedy Playhouse" pilot and the first series or season). He was replaced in subsequent episodes by Ronald Hines. Jennifer's best friend, Mary, is played by Charlotte Mitchell.

Only eight episodes survive.

Cockrell Hill, Texas

Cockrell Hill is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Sunnyvale, Texas

Sunnyvale is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Como, Texas

Como is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Thornton, Colorado

Thornton is a city in the state of Colorado in the United States.

Ferris, Texas

Ferris is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Glenn Heights, Texas

Glenn Heights is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Hutchins, Texas

Hutchins is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ovilla, Texas

Ovilla is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. There were 3,492 people living in the area according to the 2010 census.

Wilmer, Texas

Wilmer is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. According to the 2010 census, there were 3,682 people living in the area. 

Highland Park, Texas

Highland Park is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. According to the 2020 census, there were 8,864 people living in the area.

Grays Prairie, Texas

Grays Prairie is a village in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in Kaufman County. There were 325 people living there, according to the 2020 census.

Los Ybanez, Texas

Los Ybanez is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in Dawson County. There were 28 people living there according to the 2020 census. The city has the smallest population in Texas.

Mustang, Texas

Mustang is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. There were only 21 people living there in the year 2010, but nobody lived there in 2020. It was the smallest town in Texas in terms of population. In December 2021, Mark Cuban, entrepreneur and former owner of the Dallas Mavericks, purchased the town for roughly $2 million. 

Booker, Texas

Booker is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. It got its name from B.F. Booker, a civil engineer for the Panhandle and Santa Fe railway. According to 2020 census, there were 1,437 people living there.

Nevada, Texas

Nevada is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. According to the 2020 census, there were 1,314 people living there.

Montmorency County, Michigan

Montmorency County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 9,153 people live here. The county seat is Atlanta.

Muskegon County, Michigan

Muskegon County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 175,824 people live here. The county seat is Muskegon.

Waseda University Go Club

Waseda University Go Club (早稲田大学囲碁会, WUGC) is a Go club at Waseda University. It was authorized by the university in 1950. They also have membership at the Kanto Student Go Association (KSGA).


Old Rauma

Old Rauma (, ) is a wooden city centre. It is located in the town of Rauma, Finland. It is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The area of Old Rauma is about 0.3 km². It has approximately six hundred buildings (including both proper houses and smaller buildings like sheds). About 800 people live in the area. 

The town of Rauma expanded outside Old Rauma only in the early 19th century. The oldest currently standing buildings were built in the 18th century, because two fires in 1640 and 1682 destroyed the town. Most buildings are currently inhabited and owned by private individuals. The two main streets and area around the town square are mainly in business use.


Newaygo County, Michigan

Newaygo County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 49,978 people live here. The county seat is White Cloud.

Oceana County, Michigan

Oceana County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 26,659 people live here. The county seat is Hart.

Ogemaw County, Michigan

Ogemaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 20,770 people live here. The county seat is West Branch.

Ontonagon County, Michigan

Ontonagon County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 5,816 people live here. The county seat is Ontonagon.

Otsego County, Michigan

Otsego County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 25,091 people live here. The county seat is Gaylord.

Presque Isle County, Michigan

Presque Isle County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 12,982 people live here. The county seat is Rogers City.

Roscommon County, Michigan

Roscommon County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 23,459 people live here. The county seat is Roscommon.

Saginaw County, Michigan

Saginaw County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 190,124 people live here. The county seat is Saginaw. 

Sanilac County, Michigan

Sanilac County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 40,611 people live here. The county seat is Sandusky.

Schoolcraft County, Michigan

Schoolcraft County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 8,047 people live here. The county seat is Manistique.

Launched roller coaster

The launched roller coaster is a modern form of roller coaster. A launched coaster starts a ride with high amounts of acceleration via one or a series of linear induction motors (LIM), linear synchronous motors (LSM), catapults, tires, or mechanisms doing hydraulic or pneumatic power.

Lady Davina Windsor

Lady Davina Elizabeth Alice Benedikte Windsor (born 19 November 1977) is a member of the British royal family. In May 2023, she was 35th in the line of succession to the British throne. She was also known as Lady Davina Lewis between 2004 and 2018. She is the elder daughter of Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester and Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester. She is divorced from her former husband, Gary Lewis.


List of World Heritage Sites in Ireland

The following lists detail World Heritage Sites in Ireland:


Héctor Méndez Alarcón

Héctor Méndez Alarcón (born 11 September 1959) is a Mexican politician from Hidalgo. He is with the National Action Party. Between 2000 to 2003, he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress. 

Sholay

Sholay is a Bollywood comedy movie directed by Ramesh Sippy. It was produced by his father, GP Sippy. The movie was released on 15 August 1975. The action-adventure movie is about two criminals, Veeru and Jai (played by Dharmendra and Amitabh Bachchan), who were hired by a retired police officer (Sanjeev Kumar) to catch the cruel dacoit Gabbar Singh (Amjad Khan). "Sholay" is a classic Indian movie. It was top of the British Film Institute's 2002 poll of "Top 10 Indian Films" of all time. In 2005, 50th Filmfare Awards named it the Best Film of 50 Years. 


Evenks

The Evenks (Evenki: Ewenkī) are an ethnic group native to Northern Asia. Most of them are living in Russia (Siberia) or China (Inner Mongolia). Small number of them also live in Mongolia and Ukraine.

Evenks are a Tungusic people. They are related to the Manchu and the Oroqen.


USS Enterprise (CVN-80)

USS "Enterprise" (CVN-80) will be the third to be built for the United States Navy. She will be the ninth United States naval vessel to bear the name, and is scheduled to be in operation by 2027. Her construction began in August 2017 with a steel-cutting ceremony.

On 1 December 2012, during the presentation of a pre-recorded speech at the inactivation ceremony for , then-Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced that CVN-80 would be named "Enterprise". She will be the ninth ship and the third aircraft carrier in the history of the United States Navy to bear the name. CVN-80 will also be the first American supercarrier not to be named in honor of a person since the was commissioned in 1966. In December 2016, Mabus chose Olympic gold medalists Katie Ledecky and Simone Biles to sponsor the ship.

CVN-80 will be built by Huntington Ingalls Industries-Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Virginia. "Enterprise" is scheduled to begin active construction around 2018 and be delivered by 2025. However, in an effort to save costs, the Congressional Research Service indicates that the Department of the Navy is reviewing the possibility of extending the length of time used to build both and "Enterprise" by two years. If approved, the ship would not enter service until 2027 and prevent any instance of 12 carriers being in service at any one time. The steel from CVN-65 will be recycled and used to construct CVN-80. The ship is currently scheduled to replace . The first cut of steel ceremony, marking the beginning of fabrication of the ship's components, was held on 21 August 2017, with ship's sponsors Katie Ledecky and Simone Biles present. Construction began in advance of the purchase contract and construction award, in early 2018. In the spring of 2018, a piece of steel from CVN-65 was melted down and remade into a keel plate for CVN-80.



Tilehurst

Tilehurst is a suburb of the town of Reading in the Royal County of Berkshire, England. It is in the west of central Reading. It lies within the boundaries of The Borough of Reading and partly in the district of West Berkshire. The part within West Berkshire forms part of the civil parish of Tilehurst. It also includes the northern part of Calcot and a small rural area west of the suburb.
The Tilehurst Water Tower, built in the 1930s, towers over the suburb. In the 2011 Census, 14,604 people lived in Tilehurst. 


St. Clair County, Michigan

St. Clair County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 160,383 people live here. The county seat is Port Huron.

St. Joseph County, Michigan

St. Joseph County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is on the border with Indiana. As of the 2020 census, 60,939 people live here. The county seat is Centreville.

American flamingo

The American flamingo or caribbean flamingo ("Phoenicopterus ruber") is a species of flamingo that occurs in Central America. It is related to the Greater flamingo, and the Chilean flamingo. It can also be found on the Galapagos Islands. The American flamingo's main traits are pink fur and long legs. It is also known as the Caribbean flamingo, although its found in the Galápagos Islands. It is the only flamingo that naturally lives in North America.

Tuscola County, Michigan

Tuscola County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 53,323 people live here. The county seat is Caro.

Van Buren County, Michigan

Van Buren County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 75,587 people live here. The county seat is Paw Paw.

Wexford County, Michigan

Wexford County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 33,673 people live here. The county seat is Cadillac.

Budj Bim

Budj Bim, also called Mount Eccles, is a dormant volcano near Macarthur in southwestern Victoria, Australia. It is in the Budj Bim National Park. "Budj Bim" is a Gunditjmara name meaning "High Head". The volcano is around high. It became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2019.

Amherst County, Virginia

Amherst County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 31,307 people lived there. Its county seat is Amherst.

Augusta County, Virginia

Augusta County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 77,487 people lived there. Its county seat is Staunton.

Rouilly-Saint-Loup

Rouilly-Saint-Loup is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Rouvres-les-Vignes

Rouvres-les-Vignes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Silverton, Texas

Silverton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. There were 629 people living there according to the 2020 census.

List of World Heritage Sites in Canada

Canada has 20 UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Nine of them are cultural sites, ten are natural, and one is mixed. This article lists all twenty sites in Canada.

Jongmyo

Jongmyo Shrine is a religious building in Seoul, South Korea. It is a Confucian royal shrine from the Joseon Dynasty. It was built in the late 1300s, destroyed during a Japanese invasion in the 1500s, and rebuilt in the 1600s. People still use it in modern times.

The Jongmyo Shrine holds spirit tablets, each dedicated to a specific king or queen from the Joseon Dynasty. The Confucian way of life includes ancestor worship. During the Joseon Dynasty, the king of Korea would go to Jongmyo to pray to earlier kings and queens. There were also larger rites, with more people. Some of them involved singing and dancing. Some of these rites are still performed in modern times.

The layout of the shrine was planned very carefully to complement and work with the hills and other natural structures around it. 

Jongmyo has a main shrine, called Jeongjeon. It has a smaller shrine called Yeongnyeongjeon, or "the Hall of Eternal Peace" in English. It also has a place specifically for the king, a storage building for ritual items, and a waiting area. There is also a specific shrine to King Kongmin from the earlier Koryo Dynasty. That shrine was built by the Joseon-era King Taejo.

The Jongmyo-Daejae, or "Royal Shrine Ritual" in English, was the most important rite performed at the shrine. During the Joseon Dynasty, it was performed five times each year. During the Japanese occupation of Korea (1910-1945), it was not performed because the Japanese did not allow it. Since 1969, the Royal Family Association has performed the Jongmyo-Daejae once each year. The Jongmyo-Daejae itself and the music used in the Jongmyo-Daejae were both declared Intangible Cultural Heritage by UNESCO in 2001.

Jongmyo was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995.

Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site

Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Canadian Rockies. There are seven parks in the site, including four national parks:

and three British Columbia provincial parks:


They became a World Heritage Site in 1984. The Burgess Shale site is also part of it, which was a World Heritage site on its own between 1980 and 1984.

Banff National Park

Banff National Park () is the oldest national park in Canada. It was first started in 1885. It is in the Canadian Rockies, west of Calgary, Alberta. The park has an area of around . The park has mountains, glaciers, and ice fields. There is also a large coniferous forest. The main town near to the park is Banff. Banff is one of the seven parks in the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site.

Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site

Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve, National Marine Conservation Area, and Haida Heritage Site, is in the southernmost Haida Gwaii (formerly known as Queen Charlotte Islands). It is often simply called as Gwaii Haanas (), It is off the mainland of British Columbia, Canada. Gwaii Haanas is an archipelago of 138 islands. "Gwaii Haanas" means "Islands of Beauty" in . It is the language of the Haida people. 

The Haida Heritage Site is part of the territory of the Haida people. They have lived in Haida Gwaii for at least 14,000 years.

In 2004, Parks Canada (on behalf of the Government of Canada) added the whole area of Gwaii Haanas to its tentative list of potential future World Heritage Sites, pending the approval of UNESCO.



Jasper National Park

Jasper National Park is a national park in Alberta, Canada. It is the largest national park of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta. Its area is around . It is to the north of Banff National Park and to the west of Edmonton. The park has glaciers of the Columbia Icefield, springs, lakes, waterfalls and mountains. It is part of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site.

Echo sounding

Echo sounding is a way out measure the depth of water. This is done by sending out sound waves, and measuring how long it takes for the echo of the sound to come back. The speed of sound in the water is known, so the depth can be calculated. It is a kind of sonar. Note that the word sounding is used for all kinds of technologies, even though some do not use sound. Before echo sounding was used (in the early 20th century), sounding lines were lowered into the water to measure the depth.

The sound reflects off the seafloor and returns to the transducer. The time the sound takes to travel to the bottom and back is used to calculate the distance to the seafloor. Water depth is estimated by using the speed of sound through the water (approximately 1,500 meters per second). The product is divided by two because the measured time is the round-trip time (from the transducer to the seafloor and back to the transducer). The faster the sound pulses return to the transducer from the ocean floor, the shallower the water depth is and the higher the elevation of the sea floor. The sound pulses are sent out regularly as the ship moves along the surface, which produces a line showing the depth of the ocean beneath the ship. This continuous depth data is used to create bathymetry maps of the survey area.

Clyde, Texas

Clyde is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Aledo, Texas

Aledo is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. There were 4,858 people living in the area according to the 2020 census.

DeCordova, Texas

DeCordova is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lipan, Texas

Lipan is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. There were 505 people living in the area according to the 2020 census.

Annetta South, Texas

Annetta South is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Fairview, Texas

Fairview is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Kootenay National Park

Kootenay National Park is a national park in southeastern British Columbia. The park has an area of in the Canadian Rockies. Some of the Kootenay River and all of the Vermilion River are in the park. The park is part of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site.

Sounding line

A sounding line is a way to measure the depth, usually inside a body of water. The basic concept is that of a weight attached to a long rope.

Structural violence

Structural violence is when a social structure or social institution hurts people by preventing them from getting their basic needs.

Unlike physical violence, there is no bloodshed and is not very obvious. However, people are still hurt and structural violence is tied to physical violence in a lot of ways.

A lot of social institutions are run by people who come from the advantaged classes. They want to make the social structures work for them so they make it hard for disadvantaged groups to live in society.

Yoho National Park

Yoho National Park is a national park in British Columbia, Canada. It is in the Canadian Rockies. The park has large ice fields and mountains, as well as many waterfalls. The name "Yoho" comes from a Cree word that is said in awe, probably because of the beauty of the area. It is to the north of the Kootenay National Park and to the west of the Banff National Park in Alberta. The park is part of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site.


Arizona's 2nd congressional district

Arizona's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in southeast Arizona. It is one of 9 districts in Arizona and 435 in the USA. It is represented in the House of Representatives by Democrat Ann Kirkpatrick, and includes the city of Tucson. It has a CPVI of R+1.

Arizona's 3rd congressional district

Arizona's 3rd congressional district is a district in southwestern Arizona. It is one of 9 districts in Arizona and one of 435 in the US. It has a CPVI of D+13, and is represented by Raúl Grijalva.

Hamber Provincial Park

Hamber Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia. It is next to Jasper National Park and the border with Alberta. It has an area of about . It is part of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site. The Trans-Canada Highway was built a different way to make sure it didn't go through the park.

Mukden Palace

The Mukden Palace (), also known as the Shenyang Imperial Palace (), was a former imperial palace for the emperor of the Qing dynasty. It became part of UNESCO World Heritage List in 2004. It was added to the Imperial Palace of the Ming and Qing Dynasties in Forbidden City, Beijing.

It was built in 1625 for the early Qing dynasty who was ruled by the Manchu. China's first three Qing emperors lived there between 1625 to 1644. After the fall of dynasties in China, the place was turned into a museum. It is at the center of Shenyang, Liaoning.

Some items that are inside the place: 


Terrestrial television

Terrestrial television is a type of television broadcasting where the television signal is sent by radio waves from a transmitter on the land. In North America, it is usually called over-the-air television (OTA). This type of TV is different to newer types such as satellite, cable, and IPTV.

TV is broadcast between 52 and 600 MHz in the VHF and UHF radio bands. This can be sent in digital or the older analog format. Many countries switched (or are switching) to digital and turned off the analog signals.

Shinichi Oishi

Shinichi Oishi is a Japanese mathematician at Waseda University. He is also the director of Japan Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics and Japan Society for Simulation Technology.
Oishi has done many studies in numerical analysis and their branches:

Deadline - U.S.A.

Deadline - U.S.A. is a 1952 American crime drama movie directed by Richard Brooks and starring Humphrey Bogart, Ethel Barrymore, Kim Hunter, Ed Begley, Warren Stevens, Martin Gabel, James Dean, Fay Baker. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Les Misérables (1998 movie)

Les Misérables is a 1998 British German American romantic drama movie directed by Bille August and is based on the 1862 novel of the same name by Victor Hugo. It stars Geoffrey Rush, Liam Neeson, Uma Thurman, Claire Danes, Patsy Byrne, Ralph Nossek, Kathleen Byron, Hans Matheson, John McGlynn.


Anne of York, Duchess of Exeter

Anne of York (10 August, 1439 – 1476) was a member of the House of York in England, a branch of the English Royal Family. She was the second and eldest surviving daughter of Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York and Cecily Neville, Duchess of York.

Stephenson 2-18

Stephenson 2-18 (St2-18, also known as Stephenson 2-18 and RSGC2-18) is a red supergiant (RSG) or red hypergiant (RHG) star. It is close to, and a possible member of, the open cluster Stephenson 2. It is about 6,000 parsecs (20,000 ly) away from Earth in the constellation of Scutum and is one of the largest known stars.

It is also one of the most luminous of its type. It has a radius of 2,150 times that of the Sun, and has a volume 10 billion times that of the Sun. However, its radius is bigger than what we expect (as theories say stars can only be about 1,600 solar radii in radius).

This star has a spectral type of M6, which is pretty unusual for a supergiant star and corresponds to its cool temperature of 3,200 Kelvin. It can fit about 13 quadrillion Earths in it.

The clear single image of stephenson 2-18 was first taken in the year 2007 using 2MASS All-Sky Survey camera from Cerro Tololo Inter-American observatory in Chile.

List of museums in Baku

This is a list of museums in Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan.

Qeysar (movie)

Qeysar (, meaning "Caesar") is a 1969 Iranian crime drama movie directed by Masoud Kimiai and starring Behrouz Vossoughi, Pouri Banai, Nasser Malekmotei, Jamshid Mashayekhi, Bahman Mofid.

Genopole

Genopole is a biocluster in France for biotherapies, research in genetics, genomics, post-genomics and for biotechnology companies. It is located in Évry-Courcouronnes.

In 2018, the Genopole has 17 academic research laboratories, 87 biotechnology companies, as well as 20 scientific platforms shared with the University of Évry Val d'Essonne.


Indiana Dunes National Park

Indiana Dunes National Park is a national park in Indiana, United States. Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore is known for its beautiful beaches.

More than 3.5 million people visit a sandy, hilly area called Indiana Dunes each year. It sits along the shores of Lake Michigan, about southeast of Chicago. Visitors to the area swim and sail on the lake. They watch birds in the wetlands. They study plant life in the forests of oak and maple trees. Now, the 6,000-hectare site is the newest national park, and also 61st national park in the United States. It became Indiana Dunes National Park on February 15, 2019.

The park used to be known as Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore, managed by National Park service. The related act in February, 2019 did not influence finance and the area of the park at all. It changed the name from Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore into Indiana Dunes National Park. It does, however, give the area the same recognition as more well-known national parks like Yellowstone and Yosemite.

The park is one of the most ecologically mixed places in North America. Indiana Dunes has about 1,500 different kinds of plants.

The Dunes are also along a major migration path, and birdwatching is a big reason visitors come to Indiana Dunes each year. The area is home to more than 300 species of birds. The birds include waterbirds such as loons and herons, as well as birds of prey like bald eagles and hawks. Several species of songbirds also live there.

In winter season, people living near by or visitors enjoy collecting sap from maple trees in the park in order to make maple syrup. Sap is a liquid containing sugar inside the trees. People can get sap by making a small hole in a tree. Maple tree sap was historically collected by local American Indians, pioneers and early residents of a farm.

A Maple Sugar Time festival is held in March every year. visitors can learn how American Indians first boiled maple sap into sugar, and how early settlers used large iron kettles to make syrup. Pure maple syrup and sugar, and related products like maple-flavored popcorn and maple water, are for sale.




Tilehurst Water Tower

Tilehurst Water Tower, also known as Park Lane Water Tower, is a distinctive water tower in Tilehurst was erected by Reading Borough Council in 1932. It is estimated to hold approximate 900,000 litres of water.

It is considered to be a local landmark. It was built in addition to the Bath Road Reservoir. They are made to supply water to properties at a higher level than the earlier water tower. It is still in use and is owned by Thames Water plc. It has the transmitter for a local radio station called The Breeze.

Qallin

Qallin is a city in Kafr El Sheikh Governorate, Egypt. It is mainly an agricultural city.

Imtiaz Ali 'Arshi'

Imtiaz Ali "Arshi" (8 December 1904 – 25 February 1981) was an Indian researcher and scholar. He is best known for his works for Mirza Ghalib. He wrote Ghalib, "Maktiba-e-Ghalib" (1937), "Intikhab-e-Ghalib" (1943). He also created his own version of Ghalib's "Diwan" called "Nuskha-e-Arshi" published in 1958. Arshi the winner of the 1961 Sahitya Akademi Award in Urdu for the "Diwan". 

"Nuskha-Arshi" is by Urdu scholar, Gopi Chand Narang. He tried to do the most complete early attempt to publish Ghalib's ghazals in a chronological manner. It allows for a study of the evolution in the poet's themes and techniques. 

According to Narang, Arshi's "Diwan" was the main source for the study of Ghalib's work until a more complete and chronologically correct. "Diwan'-e-Raza" was published by Kalidas Gupta Riza in 1995.

Mount Assiniboine Provincial Park

Mount Assiniboine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia. It is around Mount Assiniboine. It is part of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site. It is southwest of Banff, Alberta.

Mount Robson Provincial Park

Mount Robson Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. It is in the Canadian Rockies. It has an area of about . It is next to the Jasper National Park in Alberta. It is next to Mount Robson. The park is part of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site. It is the second-oldest provincial park in British Columbia.

Gros Morne National Park

Gros Morne National Park is a national park on the west coast of Newfoundland, Canada. It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1987. It has been a national park since 2005, and a national reserve since 1973. It has an area of , making it the second largest national park in Atlantic Canada. The park takes its name from a mountain in the area. Its name means "large mountain standing alone" in French.

Jeju Volcanic Island and Lava Tubes

Jeju Volcanic Island and lava tubes are located off the coast of South Korea. They are in Jeju Province. Jeju has Mount Halla, a shield volcano located over a volcanic hotspot with many parasitic volcanoes, called oreums, around it. According to UNESCO, the Geomunoreum lava caves are "the finest lava tube system of caves anywhere." UNESCO named Jeju Volcanic Island a Biosphere Reserve in 2002, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2007, and a Global Geopark in 2010. It is the only island in the world with three UNESCO designations.

Jeju Volcanic Island started to form 1.8 million years ago when the volcano was still active.

According to UNESCO, the three important things that make Jeju Volcanic Island and lava caves a World Heritage site are the Geomonoreum lava cages, Seongsang Ilchulbong, and Hallasan.

The Geomunoreum lava caves are covered in many-colored carbonate deposits on the roof and floor. They formed about 300,000 years ago when magma from the Geomonoreum parasitic volcano cooled.

The Seongsan Ilchulbong tuff cone rises straight out of the ocean. It formed between 50,000 and 120,000 years ago from underwater volcanic activity. It is 180 meters tall. Because it is surrounded by cliffs and sharp rocks, many people think it looks like a fortress.

Hallasan, or Mount Halla, also called Yeongjusan Mountain, is Korea's tallest mountain, 1950 meters. It has not been an active volcano for 1000 years. It has many rock formations, a crater lake full of islands, and many cliffs and waterfalls. Over 1800 types of plants live on the mountain and 4000 types of animals, including 3300 species of insects.

Other parts of Jeju Volcanic Island are considered important by the government of South Korea but not UNESCO. For example, Bijarim Forest, which is on Mount Halla, is Natural Monument No. 374.

Jeju Volcanic Island is a popular tourist destination in South Korea, with 14.4 million visitors in 2019 alone. Environmentalists say they make 20,000 tons of garbage each year. Environmentalists and scientists have said that the government has cut down too much of Jeju's forests to make roads, buildings, resorts and golf courses for visitors. In 2020, environmentalists protested plans to build a second airport on the island. Among other problems, this airport would need a road through Bijarim Forest. This is a forest of nutmeg trees, some of them 800 years old. It is the only place in the world where nutmeg trees grow so closely together.

In 2008, Jeju Volcanic Island and Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park became sister parks.

Old Quebec

Old Quebec () is the oldest neighbourhood in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. There are two parts: the Upper Town () and the Lower Town (). It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1985. People often call Old Quebec the Old City in English. In French, it is often called the Latin Quarter ().

Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek

Kluane / Wrangell–St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek is a system of parks in Canada and the United States. It is at the border of Yukon and British Columbia (Canada); and Alaska (United States). It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1994. It has many icefields and glaciers. The site has an area of .

There are four parks that are part of the site:

Grand-Pré National Historic Site

Grand-Pré National Historic Site is a park set to honour the Grand-Pré area of Nova Scotia. Grand-Pré is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is the main site of the two National Historic Sites of Canada. 

It was the centre of Acadian settlement from 1682 to 1755. It honours the memory of the deportation of the Acadians that happened during the French and Indian War. The original village of Grand Pré is four kilometres along the ridge between present-day Wolfville and Hortonville.

Grand-Pré (French for "great meadow") is located on the shore of the Minas Basin. It was an area of tidal marshland. The first people who lived in the area in 1680 were Pierre Melanson dit Laverdure and his wife Marguerite Mius d'Entremont. They had five young children. They came from the nearby Port-Royal. It was the first capital of the French settlement of Acadia ("Acadie" in French).

Pierre Melanson and other Acadians who joined him in Grand-Pré built dykes there to hold back the tides along the Minas Basin. They made rich pastures for their animals and fertile fields for their crops. Grand-Pré became the bread basket of Acadia. It soon outgrew Port-Royal. By the mid-18th century, it was the largest of the numerous Acadian communities around the Bay of Fundy and the coastline of Nova Scotia (Latin for "New Scotland").

The "Landscape of Grand Pré" was added to Canada's tentative list of potential World Heritage Sites in 2004. By June 20, 2012, it became part of the World Heritage Sites by UNESCO It has of polderised marshland. Its archaeological sites were recognized as an "exceptional example of the adaptation of the first European settlers to the conditions of the North American Atlantic coast" and as "a memorial to Acadian way of life and deportation".

On the 300th anniversary of the arrival of the first Acadians in the region in 1682, the Grand-Pré memorial park was designated the "Grand-Pré National Historic Site of Canada" in commemoration of the settlement, and later deportation of the Acadians. In 1995, the site and its surrounding regions were assigned the "Grand-Pré Rural Historic District National Historic Site of Canada". It was given in honour of the rural cultural landscape which features one of the oldest land occupation and use patterns of European origin in Canada.

The "Grand Pré Heritage Conservation District" was chosen under the provincial Heritage Property Act in 1999. It includes the area in and around the hamlet of Grand-Pré, as well as the Grand-Pré National Historic Site of Canada.


Cairngorms

The Cairngorms (Scottish Gaelic: "Am Monadh Ruadh") is a group of mountains in the eastern part of Highlands of Scotland. It is usually linked with the mountain of the Cairn Gorm. The Cairngorms became part of Scotland's second national park (the Cairngorms National Park) on 1 September 2003. It was part of the tentative list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. 

The Cairgorms, Angus Glens, Monadhliath, and lower areas of Strathspey, make up the Cairngorms National Park.

The Cairngorms is made of high plateau that is about 1000–1200 m above sea level. They have domed summits that that are around 1300 m. high. Many of the summits have tors. These are basically free-standing rock formations that stand on top of the rocky landscape. 

The edges of the plateau that have narrow cliffs of granite. It makes it ideal for skiing, rock climbing and ice climbing. 

The area is home to birds such as ptarmigan, dotterel, snow bunting, curlew and red grouse, as well as mammals such as mountain hare. 

The plateau is also home to Britain's only herd of reindeer. Next to the central massif are the remainders of the Caledonian forest. These forests support many species that are not found anywhere elsewhere in the United Kingdom. These include red squirrels, pine marten, wood ants, Scottish crossbill, capercaillie and crested tit.

There are no glaciers in the area. However, snow can fall at any month of the year. In fact, some snow may be found all summer. It is the most ideal place for ice climbing in Britain. 

The mountains are also popular for hill-walking, ski touring and climbing. There are also three alpine ski centres within the area: Cairn Gorm, The Lecht and Glenshee.

The range lies in the Scottish council areas of Aberdeenshire, Moray and Highland, and within the counties of Aberdeenshire, Invernessshire and Banffshire.

The original Gaelic name for the area is "Am Monadh Ruadh", (the red hills). It is different from "Am Monadh Liath" (the grey hills) which lie to the west of the River Spey:

The English language name for the area is Cairngorms. It came from Cairn Gorm. It is the prominent in the view of the mountains from Speyside. The earliest time when the name appeared in the history is from a Colonel T. Thornton who visited the area in about 1786:

Cairn Gorm means "Blue Cairn. A"lthough the Gaelic "gorm" can also be used as an adjective and verb. It means green or greening, and is often seen in connection with growing grass.


Katherine McNamara

Katherine Grace McNamara (born November 22, 1995 in Kansas, Missouri) is an American actress. She commonly known as Katherine McNamara. She is famous for her role, Clary Fray, in the fantasy television series "Shadowhunters". She also played the character Mia Smoak in "Arrow".


Amanda Leighton

Amanda Leighton or Amy Leighton, Amanda Leigh Ratzlaff (born June 7, 1993) is an American actress and voice actress. as known for the current character Blossom in The Powerpuff Girls franchise. she is a descent of Hispanic-American.                                                                                                                                           




Indian Americans

Indian Americans are Americans with ancestry from India. They are a category of South Asian Americans, which are a category of Asian Americans. Indian Americans have a median household income of $120,000, higher than any other group of Americans.

Indian Americans are sometimes confused with American Indians, also known as Native Americans. American Indians are not actually connected to India.

Fall Guys

Fall Guys is a battle royale game, developed by Mediatonic and published by Devolver Digital. The gameplay for Fall Guys was inspired by the 1980s gameshow "Takeshi's Castle". In "Fall Guys", up to 60 players in a match compete to win each round. Players must survive each round by completing the goals of each round. The winner of the match is the last player standing. The game had experienced a rise in popularity in the summer of 2020 because it was given attention by Twitch streamers and PewDiePie.

In "Fall Guys: Ultimate Knockout", the main gameplay comes from playing a series of mini-games in the game. Most mini-games are categorized into four major categories: races, survival, hunting, and logic. The only exception is for "finals", which are basically variations of some of the main mini-games. Most mini-games feature obstacles that block the progress of other players. Certain mini-games include elements of teamwork.

The goal is to race to the finish line. Only around two-thirds of the participants can qualify. When the last qualifiable player passes the finish line, all remaining players are eliminated.

These are the current races as of December 2020:



In these rounds, players must stay alive until the timer runs out, or all activities have been completed:



These rounds have you focusing and hunting down other players for tails or hoops, etc:


These levels are a lower category and mistaken for Survival levels, the biggest differences are that your brain is key, not reflex:


Players are divided equally (where possible) into teams. Each game has a certain, unchanging number of teams. All games with two teams will be Blue and Yellow. Games with a third team will introduce Red. Games with a fourth team will introduce Green:


When enough players have been eliminated and only a few remain, the final round will be played. Whoever wins these games will be crowned the overall winner of the show.

Every few months, Fall Guys regularly hosts a new season. Each season hosts a new theme and comes with additional content.

Azerbaijan Athletics Federation

The Azerbaijan Athletics Federation () is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Azerbaijan. 


The federation maintains the Azerbaijan records in athletics.


Azerbaijan Basketball League

The Azerbaijan Basketball League is the top men's professional basketball league in Azerbaijan.


Folks!

Folks! is a 1992 American black comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and stars Tom Selleck, Don Ameche, Anne Jackson, Christine Ebersole, Wendy Crewson, Jon Favreau. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Death of Ms Dhu

Julieka Ivanna Dhu (December 26, 1991 — August 4, 2014) (usually called Ms Dhu out of respect for Aboriginal customs) was an Aboriginal Australian woman who died in police custody on 4 August 2014.

She was put in jail for not paying fines. She complained about pain and was sent to hospital, but staff there believed she was suffering from the effects of drugs. She was returned to prison and then sent back to hospital about complaining about not being able to stand. It turned out that she died from an infection caused by a rib that was broken before she was arrested.

A lot of people in Australia were sad about Ms Dhu's death. They thought she died because the police and hospital staff were being racist to her.

Ms Dhu was born on 26 December 1991 in Western Australia. She was of the Yamatji people. She was "cheerful" as a child and didn't have a lot of serious health problems. Dhu completed Year Eleven; but her family said that after not completing school, her friends were "bad" and that she was a "wild child".

In November 2009, when she was 17, police found Dhu sleeping near Cable Beach; when they woke her up, she seemed to be intoxicated, used bad language at them, and said "I don't remember anything after taking that eccy". The police arrested her for her behaviour and for not telling the police her name and address, keeping her in jail for one night. They let her go the next morning on bail, but she did not come to Court when the police case against her was held, and the court said she had to pay the police $200 as punishment. The next year, Dhu got in some small troubles with the police after she moved back to Port Hedland. Once, she kicked a female police officer while being put under police control for Dhu's behaviour. The court again said she had to pay the police money as punishment.

In 2013, when Dhu was 21 years old, her boyfriend was a 42 year old man, Dion Ruffin, who Dhu did not know did violent acts against his girlfriends.

Ms Dhu's partner was abusing her, so she called the police for help. Instead, they arrested both of them. She had a warrant for her arrest due to unpaid fines that came from three arrests when she was a teenager.

Ms Dhu said that she could not stand. The officers thought she was out of her mind and called her names like "junkie". Dhu fell and the officers let her fall to the ground and hit her head. They got tired of her and so sent her to hospital. When they got there, the officers told the nurses that Dhu was acting.

53 minutes after Ms Dhu arrived at hospital, she was pronounced dead.

Run (2014 movie)

Run is a 2014 Ivorian French drama movie directed by Philippe Lacôte and starring Abdoul Karim Konaté, Isaach de Bankolé, Djinda Kane.

Idle No More

Idle No More is a movement in support of Indigenous rights. It was started in 2012 by 4 women, 3 of whom were First Nations.

Indigenous people in Canada (First Nations, Métis, and Inuit) face a lot of issues. A lot of them feel that the government doesn't care about them.

In the First Nation of Attawapiskat, there are many issues with housing and water. Because of those problems, the Chief of Attawapiskat, Theresa Spence, decided to go on a hunger strike so the government could pay attention to what was going on in her community.

In 2012, the government of Stephen Harper introduced Bill C-45. A lot of people felt that this bill didn't protect the environment, specifically waterways. A lot of the unprotected waterways pass through First Nations lands.

There were a lot of mobs doing traditional dancing in shopping malls during the 2012 Christmas shopping season.

Another form of protest that Idle No More does is blocking railroads.

Chittur, Palakkad

Chittur Taluk is a village in the east of Palakkad district. In 2001 Census, there were 31,884 people living there. It shares the eastern border with Tamil Nadu state. It is where Parambikulam wildlife sanctuary and Nelliyampathy hills are. 

Government College, Chittur and Government Arts and Science College, Kozhinjampara are major government colleges in the area. 

Azerbaijan women's national basketball team

The Azerbaijan women's national basketball team () represents Azerbaijan in international women's basketball competitions.



List of sequenced animal genomes

This list of sequenced animal genomes contains animal species for which complete genome sequences have been assembled, annotated, and published.





see: List of sequenced Deuterostomia genomes




Of which Arachnids:











Hassan al-Maliki

Hassan farhan al-Maliki is a Quranist scholar from Saudi Arabia. In 2017, he got in trouble with the Saudi government for preaching the Quraniyoon sect. He has said that he preaches Quranist philosophies because of the trend towards hadithist throught in the Arab world.

Arrow Development

Arrow Development was an amusement ride and roller coaster design and manufacturing company, incorporated in California in November 16, 1945, and based in Mountain View.

Arrow Dynamics

Arrow Dynamics was an American manufacturing and engineering company that specialized in designing and building amusement parks, especially roller coasters.

Chetopa, Kansas

Chetopa is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 929 people lived there. Chetopa was named after Chief Chetopah, an Osage Indian chief. Later, the community name was shortened.

The community started as an Osage village. It was named after its Chief Chetopah, whose name in the Osage language signifies "four lodges".

In 1847 a trading post to exchange goods with the Osage Nation was built here by Larkin McGhee. By the time McGhee came, there were three other Euro-American families and two families with a Euro-American husband and a Cherokee wife at Chetopa. There were also many Osage there.

Chetopa was the where a September 18, 1861 battle between the 6th Kansas Cavalry under the direction of James G. Blunt and pro-slavery raiders led by John Allan Mathews happened. Mathews's wife was an Osage and was culturally identified with the Osages.

The first post office in Chetopa was built in April 1867. In 1880, Postmaster J.M. Cavaness removed the ending “h” in the original spelling to become Chetopa.

Chetopa is at (37.037437, -95.092249). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Chetopa has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Chetopa has a humid subtropical climate. It is shortened to "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says there were 929 people, 430 households, and 233 families living in Chetopa. Of the households, 70.0% owned their home and 30.0% rented their home.

The median age was 49.9 years. Of the people, 86.9% were White, 4.2% were Native American, 1.4% were Black, 1.1% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.1% were from some other race, and 6.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,125 people, 493 households, and 292 families living in Chetopa.

The 2000 census says that there were 1,281 people, 560 households, and 341 families living in Chetopa.



4th Dimension roller coaster

A 4th Dimension roller coaster is a type of steel roller coaster whereby riders are rotated independently of the orientation of the track, generally about a horizontal axis that is perpendicular to the track.

Flight of Fear

Flight of Fear is an enclosed roller coaster located at Kings Island and Kings Dominion.

List of television programmes broadcast by ITV

This is a list of television programmes currently being broadcast or previously been broadcast by ITV in the United Kingdom.

This list is in chronological order #year of first broadcast##

Royal Tombs of the Joseon dynasty

The Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty are a group of burial sites in Seoul, South Korea. Some of them are in other parts of WHICH Province. They were built for the rulers of the Joseon Dynasty and their families. They were named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2009.

The tombs show Confucian philosophy. The location of each tomb was chosen carefully. Most tombs have a hillside behind them and face a body of water. Many of them have mountains visible in the background. Many of the tombs have statues, burial mounds, shrines for ancestor worship and buildings for guards and groundskeepers.

The oldest tomb was built in 1408 and the newest in 1966.

Unlike royal tombs in many other parts of the world, the Joseon Royal Tombs have not been robbed by grave robbers. Whenever archaeologists examined a grave, they found the dead man or woman still had a crown, gold, jewels, or other valuable grave goods. As far as scholars can tell, the only people to ever dig up Joseon Royal Tombs were modern archaeologists, starting in 1930 during the Japanese occupation of Korea. That team was careful to treat the tomb with respect so that the people of Korea would not become angry. Scholars know which king or queen was buried in some tombs and do not know which king or queen was buried in other tombs. Archaeologists only dig up tombs whose owner is not known.

Boy Story

Boy Story (男孩的故事) is a Chinese hip-hop group launched by JYP Entertainment and Tencent Music Entertainment Group (TME). The group is composed of six members: Hanyu, Zihao, Xinlong, Zeyu, Ming Rui, and Shuyang. On September 1, 2017 Boy Story released their first single "How Old R U". In September 21 2018, Boy Story made an official debut with their first mini album "Enough".

Since September 2017, the "Real! Project" special plan has launched with four singles to make the official debut in September 2018. The first single was "How Old R U". The second single was "Can't Stop" that was released on December 15, 2017, and the third single was "Jump Up" released on March 30, 2018. The final pre-debut single was produced by JYP Entertainment founder Park Jin -young himself. The song, "Handz Up", was released on June 12 2018.

Boy Story made their official debut on September 21, 2018 with their first mini album "Enough" that included all the pre-debut singles and the debut song "Enough". On October 21, 2018, the group released "Stay Magical" (奇妙里). The following month, Boy Story released the song "For U" on November 22, 2018. Boy Story released "Oh My Gosh" on March 29 2019, followed by another comeback on July 26, 2019 with "Too Busy" featuring Jackson Wang. On January 6, 2020, Boy Story released the album "I=U=WE 序"


Treble (association football)

A treble in association football is when a club team wins three trophies in a single season. A "continental treble" is when a clubs wins the national league competition, the main national cup competition and the main continental trophy. A "domestic treble" is when a clubs wins three national competitions. Usually this means the league title, the main cup competition and one secondary competition.

This list has clubs who have won their country's highest level league and the primary cup competition (the double), as well as the main continental tournament, all in the same season. Celtic was the first club to do this in 1967. They won the Scottish Football League, Scottish Cup, and European Cup. They also won the Scottish League Cup that year. This makes them the only team in history to win the domestic treble and the European Cup in the same season (although most European nations do not have a League Cup).

In men's football, seven European clubs have achieved the treble since 1967. FC Barcelona and Fc Bayern are the only clubs to win this treble twice. Cruz Azul is the only Mexican team to win a continental treble. It has done this twice, in 1969 and 1997.

No South American team has achieved the treble. This is because many countries there do not (or did not) have a major knockout cup. The Copa do Brasil only began in 1989, and the Copa Argentina began in 2011. Uruguay still does not have a knockout cup. 



List of converts to Buddhism

The following people are all converts to Buddhism, sorted alphabetically by family name.









Deloitte Football Money League

The Deloitte Football Money League is a ranking of football clubs by revenue made from football operations. The accountancy firm Deloitte makes this list every year. It publishes it in early February of each year. It is about the season most recently finished.

For the fourth year in a row, the top 4 teams were Real Madrid, Barcelona, Manchester United and Bayern Munich. Real Madrid became the first team to have over €500 million in revenue. Manchester City, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli continued to go up the table quickly. 

The total revenue of the 20 richest clubs in the footballing world was over €3.73 billion. This was a record. Real Madrid stayed at the top of football's financial rankings for the third year in a row. Their revenue went up 20% to €351.8 million during the 2006–07 season.

Manchester United passed Barcelona into second place. The Spanish club moved down to third. Chelsea's revenue went up. They finished in the top five again, in fourth place. Arsenal's move to the Emirates Stadium changed their revenues. They moved up to fifth place. This was the first time any country (England) has had three clubs in the top five of the Money League.

European champions A.C. Milan moved up to sixth place. Runners-up Liverpool moved two places up to eighth. Italian champions Internazionale moved down two places to 9th. Bayern Munich moved up a place to seventh. Juventus' relegation into Serie B saw them move nine places down to 12th place.

The total revenue of the top 20 richest clubs in the world was over €3.3 billion. Barcelona moved up four places in the ranking for this year. This meant the two richest clubs were both from Spain. England has the largest number of clubs in the list. A club from Portugal was in the list for the first time. Portugal's Benfica is the third club from the Iberian Peninsula among the top 20 in the world, after Spain's Real Madrid and Barcelona.

In the rankings for the 2004–05 season, Real Madrid was at the top. Three clubs were not in the top twenty anymore (Marseille, Rangers, and Aston Villa). Lyon, Everton, and Valencia were on the list.

In the 2003–04 season, five clubs had revenues of over €200m. Manchester United was again ranked as the richest club in Europe.

English clubs were the most present in the money league for the 2002–03 season. There were five Premier League clubs in the top 10.

Europe's top five leagues had record growth. This made revenue higher in the continent's football industry. It went up 4 percent. This was an all-time high of 16.3 billion euros (£13.7 billion/$23.8 billion) in 2009-10. The “Big Five” had a total revenue of 8.4 billion euros. This was a 5 percent increase over 2008-09, according to Deloitte.

As well as this, a total of €754.1m was given to clubs playing in the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League. The two finalists, Barcelona and Manchester United, got the most money. Barcelona's win at Wembley in May 2009 earned them a total of €51m. Despite the loss, Manchester United got even more, €53m.



Joel Glazer

Joel Glazer (born 1967) is part of the Glazer family. The family controls First Allied Corporation and HRG Group, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL, and England's Manchester United Football Club. The family is based in Florida.

Glazer was born to Linda and Malcolm Glazer, American businessman and billionaire. Glazer got a degree in interdisciplinary studies from American University in Washington, D.C.. He is the joint Chairman of the Manchester United board with his brother Avram. Malcolm Glazer, Joel and Avram's father, appointed them. Joel Glazer is married to Angela Glazer. They have two children: Dylan and Zoey Glazer.

During the 2002 off-season, Joel worked with brothers Edward and Bryan. They hired one of the new coaching stars in the NFL in Jon Gruden. Gruden was the first non-rookie head coach in the history of the NFL to lead his team to the Super Bowl in his first season with a new team.

Glazer has helped to lead the design for the franchise's new training place. He promised a "world-class facility" that will be the finest in the National Football League. The facility opened in time for the 2006 NFL season. It was built on the former Tampa Bay Center mall site across the street from Raymond James Stadium. Since the team started in 1976, Tampa Bay has been based for the last 30 seasons at One Buccaneer Place, a training facility located near the Tampa International Airport.


Nahanni National Park Reserve

Nahanni National Park Reserve is a national park reserve in Northwest Territories, Canada. It is about west of Yellowknife. It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1978. The park has an area of about .

Dennis Bovell

Dennis Bovell (born 22 May 1953) is a Barbados-born reggae guitarist, bass player and record producer. He is based in England. He was a member of the British reggae band Matumbi. He also released dub-reggae records under his own name as well as the pseudonym Blackbeard. He is most widely known for his decades-spanning collaborations with Linton Kwesi Johnson.

Thoracic vertebrae

The thoracic vertebrae are 12 vertebrae, or bones of the spine. They are situated between the cervical (neck) vertebrae and the lumbar vertebrae. The thoracic vertebrae are represented by the symbols T1 through T12.

The thoracic vertebrae provide attachment for the ribs and make up part of the back of the thorax (the chest).

2020 Malian coup d'état

On August 18, 2020, there was a mutiny in the armed forces of Mali. The president, Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta, resigned that day.

On 18 August 2020, elements of the Malian Armed Forces began a mutiny. 

Soldiers on pick-up trucks entered the Soundiata military base in the town of Kati, where gunfire was exchanged before weapons were given from the armory and senior officers arrested. 

Tanks were seen on the town's streets, as well as military trucks heading for the capital, Bamako.

The soldiers captured several government officials including President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta who later the same day resigned and dissolved the government. This is the country's second coup attempt in less than 10 years.

The Japanese Dog

The Japanese Dog () is a 2013 Romanian drama movie directed by Tudor Cristian Jurgiu and starring Victor Rebengiuc, Șerban Pavlu, Ioana Abur, Alexandrina Halic, Constantin Drăgănescu.

Boubou Cissé

Boubou Cissé (born 1974) is a Malian politician. He was Prime Minister of Mali from April 2019 to August 2020.

Bennie Thompson

Bennie Gordon Thompson (born January 28, 1948) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for since 1993. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He has been the Chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security since 2019.

Bolton, Mississippi

Bolton is a town in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 441 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Peter T. King

Peter Thomas King (born April 5, 1944) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative from New York between 1993 to 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was seen a possible candidate for President of the United States in the 2016 election.

Susan Molinari

Susan Molinari (born March 27, 1958) is an American politician, journalist, and lobbyist. She was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing Staten Island for three terms. She is a Republican.

She gave the keynote address at the 1996 Republican National Convention. However, the next year, she resigned from Congress to become a TV journalist for CBS News. She was in 2008 a Washington lobbyist with clients including Russia.

Later she became a vice president for public policy at Google from 2012 to 2018.

Korra

Avatar Korra is the title lead character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "The Legend of Korra" (a sequel to ""). She is the current incarnation of Raava's Avatar and Avatar Aang.

The character was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko and is voiced by Janet Varney.

The series' final scene, indicating the beginning of a romantic relationship between Korra and Asami Sato. This was rare in its LGBT representation in western children's television.

Tenzin (The Legend of Korra)

The character and the series, a sequel to "", were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. He is voiced by J. K. Simmons. 

Tenzin's father, Aang, was the Avatar before Korra and kept world peace by preventing the Fire Nation from destroying the Earth Kingdom during the 100-year war. Tenzin’s mother is Katara. Tenzin is the youngest of the three children of Aang and Katara.

Asami Sato

The series' final scene, showed the beginning of a romantic relationship between Asami and the female lead character, Korra. It was a rare move in its representation of LGBT persons in western children's television.

Lin Beifong

The character and the series, a sequel to "", were made by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. 

Lin's mother, Toph Beifong. Lin is the older of Toph's two children. 

She has the same abilities like her mother such as sensing movement based on her feet.

Mindy Sterling

Mindy Lee Sterling (born July 11, 1953) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Principal Susan Skidmore on the Disney Channel series "A.N.T. Farm" (2011–13) and Miss Francine Briggs on the Nickelodeon series "iCarly" (2007–12), "The Powerpuff Girls", "Nutri Ventures" and for Frau Farbissina in the "Austin Powers" movie series (1997–2002). 

She also voiced Lin Beifong in the Nickelodeon series "The Legend of Korra" (2012–2014). She has also starred in the web series "Con Man" (2015–2017).

Bolin (The Legend of Korra)

Bolin is able to bend the classical element of earth, which is known as earthbending. It is revealed in the third season that he is also able to create and control lava, which is a very rare sub-ability called lavabending.

Mako (The Legend of Korra)

Mako () is a major character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "The Legend of Korra", which aired from 2012 to 2014. The character and the series, a sequel to "", were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. 

He is voiced by David Faustino. Because he is a firebender, Mako is able to create and manipulate the classical element of fire. Mako also has the ability to both create and redirect lightning. 

The character was named in honor of the late Mako Iwamatsu who voiced Iroh, a major supporting character, in the first two seasons of "Avatar: The Last Airbender".

Sehore district

Sehore District is a district of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. The town of Sehore is the district headquarters. The district is part of Bhopal Division. It has 8 Tehsils and 6526 villages.

David Faustino

David Anthony Faustino (born March 3, 1974) is an American actor, rapper and radio personality, primarily known for his role as Bud Bundy on the FOX sitcom "Married... with Children". He also voiced Mako in the Nickelodeon animated series "The Legend of Korra".

Janet Varney

Janet Varney is an American actress and comedian. She played Korra in the Nickelodeon animated series "The Legend of Korra", Sheriff Evie Barret in the television series "Stan Against Evil" and Becca Barbara in "You're the Worst". She hosted "The JV Club" podcast.

Kiernan Shipka

Kiernan Brennan Shipka (born November 10, 1999) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Sally Draper in the AMC drama series "Mad Men" and as Sabrina Spellman in the Netflix series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina". 

She also appeared as B. D. Hyman in the FX series "" and voiced Jinora in "The Legend of Korra".

Lisa Edelstein

Lisa Edelstein (; born May 21, 1966) is an American actress and playwright. Edelstein is known for playing Dr. Lisa Cuddy on the Fox medical drama series "House". Between 2014 and 2018, she starred as Abby McCarthy in the Bravo series "Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce".

Daniel Dae Kim

Daniel Dae Kim (Korean: 김대현; born Kim Dae-hyun on August 4, 1968) is a South Korean-American actor and producer. He is known for his roles as Jin-Soo Kwon in "Lost", Chin Ho Kelly in "Hawaii Five-0", Gavin Park in "Angel", and Johnny Gat in the "Saints Row" series of video games. He is the producer of the television drama "The Good Doctor". He will play Fire Lord Ozai in the Netflix live action series "". 

Hurricane Fay

Hurricane Fay was a 2014 hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean. It was the first hurricane to make landfall on Bermuda since Emily in 1987. The sixth named storm and fifth hurricane of the 2014 Atlantic hurricane season, Fay formed several hundred miles northeast of the Lesser Antilles on October 10. Initially a large subtropical cyclone, the storm gradually turned into a tropical cyclone on October 11 as it turned north. Despite being disrupted by wind shear for most of its duration, Fay steadily intensified. Turning east, Fay briefly achieved Category 1 hurricane status on October. Fay made landfall on Bermuda early on October 12 as a hurricane. Wind shear finally caused Fay to weaken to a tropical storm later that day. Fay weakened into an open trough early on October 13.

A few tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued due to Fay on Bermuda. Despite its low strength, Fay caused much damage on Bermuda. Wind gusts over 100 mph (155 km/h) blocked roads with downed trees and poles. The winds also left a majority of the island's electric customers without power. The terminal building at L.F. Wade International Airport was flooded due to damage to its roof. Along the coast, the storm destroyed numerous boats and unmoored many others. Immediately after the hurricane, 200 Bermuda Regiment soldiers were called for cleanup and to help in damage repairs. These occurred at the same time as preparations for the stronger Hurricane Gonzalo, which struck the island less than six days later and increased the damage. Fay and Gonzalo were the first pair of hurricanes to make landfall in Bermuda in the same season.



Jim Meskimen

James Ross Meskimen (born September 10, 1959) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is also known for his voice-over work in video games.

Meskimen played the father of Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen's characters in "Our Lips Are Sealed" and as Officer Wholihan in "How the Grinch Stole Christmas".

He was the voice of the Genie in the "Aladdin" franchise, sometimes replacing Robin Williams.

Attica Prison riot

The Attica Prison uprising, also known as the Attica Prison rebellion or Attica Prison riot, happened at the Attica Correctional Facility in Attica, New York, United States, in 1971. 

It was a form of protest for demands of better living conditions and political rights. The uprising was one of the best-known and most significant flashpoints of the Prisoners' Rights Movement. 

On September 9, 1971, two weeks after the killing of George Jackson at San Quentin State Prison, 1,281 of the Attica prison's about 2,200 inmates rioted and took control of the prison, taking 42 staff hostage.

During the following four days of negotiations, authorities agreed to most of the prisoners' 28 demands, but would not agree to demands for complete amnesty from criminal prosecution for the prison takeover.

By the order of Governor Nelson Rockefeller, state police took back control of the prison. When the uprising was over, at least 43 people were dead, including ten correctional officers and civilian employees, and 33 inmates.

Bar Harbor, Maine

Bar Harbor is a town on Mount Desert Island in Hancock County, Maine, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population is 5,089.

Attica (town), New York

Attica is a town in Wyoming County, New York. The population was 5,790 as of 2020. The town is named after a region in Greece.

The Town of Attica is on the north boundary of the county and contains part of a village also named Attica.

Warsaw (village), New York

Warsaw is a village in Wyoming County, New York. It is the county seat of Wyoming County and lies inside the Town of Warsaw. The village of Warsaw is near the center of the town in a valley. The population was 3,646 at the 2020 census.

Warsaw, New York

Warsaw is a town in Wyoming County, in the U.S. state of New York. The population was 5,316 at the 2020 census. The town may have been named after Warsaw, Poland.

Attica (village), New York

Attica is a village in Wyoming County and Genesee County, New York. The population was 2,450 at the 2020 census.

Batavia, New York

Batavia is a city in and the county seat of Genesee County, New York, United States. It is near the center of the county, surrounded by the Town of Batavia. Its population as of the 2020 census was 15,600. The name "Batavia" is Latin for the Betuwe region of the Netherlands, and honors early Dutch land developers.

Batavia (town), New York

Batavia is a town in Genesee County, New York, United States. The population was 6,293 at the 2020 census.

Alexander, New York

Alexander is a town in Genesee County, New York, United States. The population was 2,491 at the 2020 census. The town is named after Alexander Rea, an early settler. It includes a village also named Alexander.

Alexander (village), New York

Alexander is a village in Genesee County, New York, United States. The population was 518 at the 2020 census. The village is named after early settler, Alexander Rea.

John Cazale

John Holland Cazale (, ) (August 12, 1935 – March 13, 1978) was an American actor. He appeared in five movies over six years, all of which were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture: "The Godfather" (1972), "The Conversation" (1974), "The Godfather Part II" (1974), "Dog Day Afternoon" (1975), and "The Deer Hunter" (1978).

The Conversation

The Conversation is a 1974 American mystery thriller movie. It was written, produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Gene Hackman with supporting roles by John Cazale, Allen Garfield, Cindy Williams, Frederic Forrest, Harrison Ford, Teri Garr and Robert Duvall.

It was nominated for three Academy Awards in 1974 and lost Best Picture to "The Godfather Part II", another Francis Ford Coppola movie. 

In 1995, it was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

National Film Registry

The National Film Registry (NFR) is the United States National Film Preservation Board's (NFPB) selection of movies that are believed in need to be preserved because they are very good. The NFPB, created by the National Film Preservation Act of 1988, was reauthorized by acts of Congress in 1992, 1996, 2005, and again in October 2008. The mission is to keep the American cinema heritage alive and safe.

Joseph Papp

Joseph Papp (born Joseph Papirofsky; June 22, 1921 – October 31, 1991) was an American theatrical producer and director. He created The Public Theater in what had been the Astor Library Building in lower Manhattan.

He produced David Rabe, Ntozake Shange's "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf", Charles Gordone's "No Place to Be Somebody", and Michael Bennett's Pulitzer Prize–winning musical, "A Chorus Line".

Papp also founded Shakespeare in the Park, helped to develop other off-Broadway theatres and worked to preserve the historic Broadway Theatre District. He was born in New York City.

Papp died on October 31, 1991 in New York City from prostate cancer, aged 70.

Ted Lerner

Theodore N. Lerner (born October 15, 1925) is an American real estate developer. He was the managing principal owner of the Washington Nationals baseball team.

He is the founder of the real estate company Lerner Enterprises, the largest private landowner in the Washington metropolitan area as well as Chelsea Piers in New York City.

In 2015, "Forbes" magazine named him the richest person in Maryland.

Frank Barnaby

Frank Charles Barnaby (27 September 1927 – 1 August 2020) was an English nuclear physicist. He worked at the Nuclear Issues Consultant to the Oxford Research Group.

Barnaby was Director of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) from 1971 to 1981. In 1981, Barnaby became a founding member of the World Cultural Council.

Bob Calhoun

Robert Lathan Calhoun (July 22, 1937 – August 6, 2020) was an American attorney and politician. He was a Republican member of the Alexandria City Council and the Senate of Virginia between 1988 and 1996. He was born in Oak Park, Illinois.

Calhoun died of prostate cancer on August 6, 2020, in Berryville, Virginia, at age 83.

Steve Grossman

Steven Mark Grossman (January 18, 1951August 13, 2020) was an American jazz fusion and hard bop saxophonist.

Grossman was Wayne Shorter's replacement in Miles Davis' jazz-fusion band. Then, from 1971 to 1973, he was in Elvin Jones' band.

Grossman died on August 13, 2020 in Glen Cove, New York from cardiac arrest, aged 69.

Elvin Jones

Elvin Ray Jones (September 9, 1927 – May 18, 2004) was an American jazz drummer of the post-bop era. 

From 1960 to 1966, he was a member of the John Coltrane quartet. His brothers Hank Jones and Thad Jones were also jazz musicians with whom he recorded. He was added into the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 1995.

Angela Buxton

Angela Buxton (16 August 1934 – 15 August 2020) was a British tennis player. She won the women's doubles title at both the French Championships and Wimbledon in 1956 with her playing partner, Althea Gibson. She was born in Liverpool.

Buxton wrote the tennis books "Tackle Tennis This Way", "Starting Tennis", and "Winning Tennis and Doubles Tactics".

Buxton died on 15 August 2020 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, at the age of 85.

Kenneth Kunen

Herbert Kenneth Kunen (August 2, 1943August 14, 2020) was an American professor of mathematics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. 

He worked in set theory. He also worked on non-associative algebraic systems, such as loops, and used computer software, such as the Otter theorem prover, to derive theorems in these areas.

Bill Bowman (American politician)

Bill Bowman (May 26, 1946 – August 15, 2020) was an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the North Dakota State Senate from 1990 until 2018. Bowman was born in Baker, Montana. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Bowman died on August 15, 2020 in Bowman, North Dakota at the age of 74.

Bowman, North Dakota

Bowman is a city and county seat of Bowman County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 1,470 at the 2020 census.

Amidon, North Dakota

Amidon ( ) is a city in, and the county seat of Slope County, North Dakota, United States.

Amidon was the smallest incorporated county seat in the 2000 census. The 2020 census reported its population as 24. It is named after Charles F. Amidon, a judge.

Amidon was founded in 1910.

Stuart Christie

Stuart Christie (10 July 1946 – 15 August 2020) was a Scottish anarchist writer and publisher. 

When aged 18, Christie was arrested while carrying explosives to assassinate the Spanish caudillo, General Francisco Franco. He was later alleged to be a member of the Angry Brigade, but was acquitted of related charges. 

He went on to found the "Cienfuegos Press" publishing house and in 2008 the online Anarchist Film Channel, which hosts movies and documentaries with anarchist and libertarian socialist themes. He was born in Glasgow.

Christie died aged 74, from cancer, on 15 August 2020.

Ruth Gavison

Ruth Gavison (; March 28, 1945 – August 15, 2020) was an Israeli Law professor. She was born in Jerusalem. She worked at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. She was a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities. In 2011, she won the Israel Prize.

Gavison was nominated for a position on Israel's Supreme Court in 2005 but failed to secure a majority for the appointment.

Gavison died on August 15, 2020 in Jerusalem at the age of 75.

Richard Gwyn

Richard John Philip Jermy Gwyn, (May 26, 1934 – August 15, 2020) was a Canadian journalist, author, historian, and civil servant.

From 1957 to 1959, Gwyn was the parliamentary correspondent for United Press International, in Ottawa. Later in 1959 to 1960, he worked for Thomson Newspapers. 

From 1960 to 1962, he was the Ottawa editor for Maclean-Hunter Business Publications. From 1962 to 1968, he worked for "Time Canada" as a parliamentary correspondent and contributing editor. From 1968 to 1970, he was the executive assistant to the Minister of Communications, Eric Kierans. 

From 1970 to 1973, he was the director-general, socio-economic planning in the Department of Communications.

Gwyn died from Alzheimer's disease on August 15, 2020 at the age of 86.

Chilla Porter

Charles Michael "Chilla" Porter (11 January 1936 – 15 August 2020) was an Australian athlete and politician. He won a silver medal in the high jump at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. He later was general secretary of the Liberal Party of Australia (Western Australian Division) from 1978 to 1987. He was born in Brisbane.

Porter died on 15 August 2020 of cancer near Perth. He was aged 84.

Henryk Wujec

Henryk Wujec (25 December 1940 – 15 August 2020) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Sejm from 1989 to 2001.

Wujec was born in Podlesie, Biłgoraj County. Wujec was an activist in the Solidarity movement of the 1980s. In 1984, he was imprisoned at Białołęka for his political activities.

Henk Wullems

Henk Wullems (January 21, 1936 – August 15, 2020) was a Dutch association football manager.

In the early sixties he was a defender playing for Kooger Football Club () and Racing Club Heemstede. Wullems was the former manager of, among others, the eredivisie teams NAC Breda (1972–75), SBV Vitesse (1977–83), Go Ahead Eagles (1983–86), and AZ (1990–93).

From 1996 to 1998 he was manager of the Indonesia national football team, winning a silver medal with them at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games.

From 2000 to 2007 he managed a number of Indonesia Super League teams.

Wullems died on August 15, 2020 from problems caused by a cerebral infarction in Udenhout, Netherlands at the age of 84.

Mário de Araújo Cabral

Mário Veloso de Araújo Cabral (; 15 January 1934 – 17 August 2020), commonly known by the nickname "Nicha" Cabral (), was a Portuguese racing driver. He participated in five Formula One World Championship Grands Prix (four starts), debuting on 23 August 1959. He did not score any championship points. He was born in Cedofeita, Portugal.

Araújo Cabral died in Lisbon on 17 August 2020 at the age of 86.

Elsimar M. Coutinho

Elsimar Metzker Coutinho (May 18, 1930 – August 17, 2020) was a Brazilian scientist. He was a professor, gynecologist, and television personality. He was born in Pojuca, Bahia. His works helped create the first injectable contraceptive ciclofem.

Coutinho died on August 17, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 90.

Jasraj

Pandit Jasraj (28 January 1930  – 17 August 2020) was an Indian classical vocalist. His songs were related to "Mewati gharana". His musical career lasted for 75 years. He was born in present-day Fatehabad, Haryana.

He was also the founder of schools for Indian classical music in Atlanta, Tampa, Vancouver, Toronto, New York, New Jersey, Pittsburgh, Mumbai, and Kerala. At age 90, he was teaching some of his international students through Skype.

Jasraj died of cardiac arrest on 17 August 2020 while visiting family in the United States in New Jersey, aged 90.

Nishikant Kamat

Nishikant Kamat (17 June 1970 – 17 August 2020) was an Indian filmmaker and actor. His first movie was "Dombivali Fast". His best known movie was "Evano Oruvan". An actor, he starred in "Saatchya Aat Gharat" and "Rocky Handsome". He was born in Mumbai.

Kamat died of cirrhosis on 17 August 2020 in Hyderabad at the age of 50.

Nina Kraft

Nina Kraft (December 31, 1968 – August 17, 2020) was a German professional triathlete. She was born in Braunschweig, Lower Saxony. Kraft was banned by the German Triathlon Federation (DTU) for one year, after a positive drug test.

Following her win at Ironman Germany in July 2004 Kraft crossed the finish line in first place a few months later in October at the Ironman World Championship as the apparent Ironman World Champion.

Kraft died from an illness in Germany on August 17, 2020 at the age of 51.

Michael Diven

Michael B. Diven (March 27, 1970 – August 18, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 22nd District between 2001 to 2006. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Diven died on August 18, 2020 in Pittsburgh, aged 50.

Madhav Prasad Ghimire

Madhav Prasad Ghimire () (23 September 1919 – 18 August 2020) was a Nepali poet and scholar. He was honored as the "Rashtra Kavi" (National Poet) by the Government of Nepal in 2003. Some of his best known works include "Gauri", "Malati Mangale, Shakuntala, and Himalwaari Himalpaari."

Ghimire died on 18 August 2020 of respiratory failure in Nepal at the age of 100.

Dale Hawerchuk

Dale Hawerchuk (April 4, 1963 – August 18, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. 

Hawerchuk played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 16 seasons as a member of the Winnipeg Jets, Buffalo Sabres, St. Louis Blues and Philadelphia Flyers. He won the NHL's Calder Memorial Trophy as the league's Rookie of the Year in 1982 and was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2001. 

Hawerchuk was the head coach of the Barrie Colts of the Ontario Hockey League from 2010 to 2019.

Hawerchuk was diagnosed with stomach cancer in September 2019. He died from the disease on August 18, 2020 in Barrie, Ontario at the age of 57.

Barrie

Barrie is a city and manifesting regional centre in Ontario, Canada, located on the shores of Kempenfelt Bay, the western arm of Lake Simcoe. 

Barrie is located north of Toronto, northeast of Detroit and west of Ottawa.

CIQB 1230

CKVR A Channel

Sayeeda Khanam

Sayeeda Khanam (29 December 1937 – 18 August 2020) was a Bangladeshi photographer. She was the first female professional photographer of Bangladesh. She covered many important events of Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971 through her photography.

She also did portraits of figures such as Queen Elizabeth, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, Mother Teresa, Indira Gandhi and Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.

Khanam died on 18 August 2020 in Dhaka from kidney disease, aged 82.

Cesare Romiti

Cesare Romiti (24 June 192318 August 2020) was an Italian economist and businessman. He was born in Rome. He was best known as an executive of both state-owned firms and private companies, including Fiat and Alitalia.

In April 1997, Romiti was convicted tax fraud, and making illegal payments to political parties. In 2000, the Supreme Court commuted the sentence to eleven months and ten days, for the same charges. In December 2003, the Court of Appeal in Turin, revoked the sentence for false accounting.

Romiti died on 18 August 2020, aged 97.

Mohammad-Ali Taskhiri

Mohammad-Ali Taskhiri (19 October 1944 – 18 August 2020) was an Iraqi-born Iranian cleric and diplomat. During the 1980s Taskhiri served as the Iranian representative to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference. He was a member of the Assembly of Experts between 1999 to 2007 and again from 2016 until his death. He was born in Najif, Iraq.

Taskhiri died on 18 August 2020 in Tehran from a heart attack, aged 75.

Hans Cavalli-Björkman

Hans Cavalli-Björkman (29 June 1928 – 18 August 2020) was a Swedish lawyer and banker. He was the chairman of the Swedish Association football club Malmö FF, a post he held between 1975 and 1998. During Cavalli-Björkmans years at the club they won four Swedish championships. He was also CEO of Swedish bank SEB in the late 1980s.
Cavalli-Björkman was born in Jönköping, Sweden. He died on 18 August 2020 in Malmö, Sweden at the age of 92.

Robert R. Shahan

Robert Reed "Bob" Shahan (October 18, 1939 – August 14, 2020) was an American Anglican prelate. He was the bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Arizona from 1992 to 2004. He was born in Elkhart, Kansas. He was made bishop by Edmond L. Browning.

Shahan died on August 14, 2020 at the age of 80.

Edmond L. Browning

Edmond Lee Browning (March 11, 1929 - July 11, 2016) was an American bishop. He was the 24th Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America from 1985 through 1997.

Katharine Jefferts Schori

Katharine Jefferts Schori (born March 26, 1954) is the former Presiding Bishop and Primate of the Episcopal Church of the United States. 

She was the 9th Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Nevada. She was the first woman elected as a primate in the Anglican Communion. Jefferts Schori was elected at the 75th General Convention on June 18, 2006. She retired on November 1, 2015.

She took part in her first General Convention of the Episcopal Church as Presiding Bishop of The Episcopal Church in July 2009.

Jefferts Schori was born in Pensacola, Florida.

Ones

Ones can refer to:


Michael Curry (bishop)

Michael Bruce Curry (born March 13, 1953) is an American bishop. He is the 27th and current presiding bishop and primate of The Episcopal Church. He was elected in 2015.

He is the first African American to be presiding bishop in The Episcopal Church. He was previously bishop of the Diocese of North Carolina. He was born in Chicago.

Episcopal Church (United States)

The Episcopal Church (TEC) is a member church of the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is based in the United States with additional dioceses elsewhere. 

It is a mainline Christian denomination divided into nine provinces. The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church is Michael Bruce Curry, the first African-American bishop to serve in that position.

Chetan Chauhan

Chetan Pratap Singh Chauhan (21 July 1947 – 16 August 2020) was an Indian cricketer and Bharatiya Janata Party politician. He played 40 Test matches for India. He played Ranji Trophy for Maharashtra and Delhi. He played most of his international cricket in the late 1970s.

He was also twice elected to the Lok Sabha from Amroha in Uttar Pradesh, in 1991 and 1998. From 2018 to 2020, he was minister for youth and sports in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.

On 12 July 2020, he was hospitalized after testing positive for COVID-19 in Haryana. He died from multiple organ failure caused by the infection on 16 August 2020 at the age of 73.

Barbara Doherty

Barbara Doherty (December 2, 1931 – August 17, 2020) was an American educator and theologian. 

She was a Roman Catholic nun. She was a member of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods. She was president of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods College in Indiana from 1984 to 1998. She was director of the Institute of Religious Formation at Catholic Theological Union in Chicago.

She died on August 17, 2020 at the age of 88.

Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana

Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, often called St. Mary's, is an unincorporated community in Sugar Creek Township in northwestern Vigo County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. It had a population of 767 at the 2020 census.

Sugar Creek Township, Vigo County, Indiana

Sugar Creek Township is one of twelve townships in Vigo County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 7,175.

Arthur Docters van Leeuwen

Arthur Docters van Leeuwen (8 May 1945 – 14 August 2020) was a Dutch politician, jurist and civil servant. He was member of the liberal political party VVD. Between 1999 and 2007 he was chairman of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. He was born in The Hague.

Docters van Leeuwen died from a heart attack on 14 August 2020 from a heart attack, aged 75.

Nikolai Gubenko

Nikolai Nikolaevich Gubenko (; 17 August 1941 – 16 August 2020) was a Soviet and Russian actor, film and theatre director and screenwriter. He was the founder of the Community of Taganka Actors theatre. His movie "Wounded Game" was entered into the 1977 Cannes Film Festival. 

He was named People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1985.

Gubenko was also active in politics. He was the last Minister of Culture of the USSR (1989—1991) and as the Russian State Duma deputy between 1995 and 2003. From 2005 on he acted as the Moscow City Duma deputy.

He died of cardiac arrest on 16 August 2020 in Moscow, one day before his 79th birthday.

Valentin Pavlov

Valentin Sergeyevich Pavlov (; 27 September 1937 – 30 March 2003) was a Soviet official who became a Russian banker following the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

He was the Premier of the Soviet Union between January 1991 to August 1991.

Palashi

Palashi , anglicised as Plassey, is a village on the east bank of Bhagirathi River, located 50 kilometres north of the city of Krishnanagar in Kaliganj CD Block in the Nadia District of West Bengal, India. 

Nikolai Tikhonov

Nikolai Aleksandrovich Tikhonov (; – 1 June 1997) was a Soviet politician during the Cold War. He was Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1980 to 1985.

Bahman Mofid

Bahman Mofid (; 15 August 1942 – 16 August 2020) was an Iranian actor and singer. He was born in Tehran. He was known for his roles in "Qeysar", "Reza Motorcyclist" and "Wood Pigeon".

Mofid died of lung cancer in Tehran on 16 August 2020, one day after his 78th birthday.

Sharon Lee (politician)

Sharon Lee is an American Democratic politician.

In January 2020, she became the acting borough president of Queens. 

Lee was appointed deputy borough president in November 2018. Lee took over as borough president from Melinda Katz in January 2020, who was elected Queens District Attorney in 2019. 

Rubén Díaz Sr.

Rubén Díaz Sr. (born April 22, 1943) is a Puerto Rican politician and an ordained Pentecostal minister. He has represented the 18th Council District in the New York City Council since January 2018. 

He is a member of the Democratic Party. Díaz represented the 32nd district in the New York State Senate from 2003 to 2017.

He is a socially conservative Democrat. Díaz is known for his criticisms to abortion and same-sex marriage.

Meningoencephalitis

Meningoencephalitis (; from Greek μῆνιγξ "meninx", "membrane", ἐγκέφαλος, "enképhalos" "brain", and the medical suffix "-itis", "inflammation"), also known as herpes meningoencephalitis, is a medical condition. It is like meningitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the meninges, and encephalitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the brain.

Caio Narcio

Caio Narcio Rodrigues da Silveira (21 August 1986 – 16 August 2020) often simply known as Caio Narcio was a Brazilian politician and a social scientist. He was born in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais. He was a Federal Deputy from 2015 to 2019.

In 2018, Narcio was diagnosed with meningoencephalitis. In July 2020, he was hospitalized in São Paulo with COVID-19. He died from the infection and meningoencephalitis on 16 August 2020, less than a week before his 34th birthday.

Jean-Michel Savéant

Jean-Michel Savéant (September 19, 1933 – August 16, 2020) was a French chemist. His works focused in electrochemistry. He was elected member of the French Academy of Sciences in 2000. He was foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences in 2001. 

Gershon Shafat

Gershon Shafat (, 6 December 1927 – 16 August 2020) was an Austrian-born Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for Tehiya from 1984 to 1992. He was born in Vienna.

He became a member of the Bnei Akiva youth movement, and later joined the National Religious Party. In 1946 he was amongst the founders of kibbutz Ein Tzurim.

Shafat died on 16 August 2020 in Tel Aviv, aged 92.

Pierre-Yves Trémois

Pierre-Yves Trémois (8 January 1921 – 16 August 2020) was a French visual artist and sculptor. He was known for working on drawing in equal proportions on surrealism and science illustration. He was born in Paris.

He held seat #2 in the engraving section at the Académie des Beaux-Arts.

In 2015, he was honored with the Commander of the Order of Arts and Letters.

Georg Volkert

Georg Volkert (28 November 1945 – 16 August 2020) was a German football player.

He played in 410 games in Bundesliga and scored 125 goals.

He won 12 caps for West Germany between 1968 and 1977. He scored 2 goals in his debut.

Volkert died on 16 August 2020 in Erlangen, Germany from a heart attack, aged 74.

Xavier (wrestler)

John Jairo Bedoya Jr. (December 28, 1977 – August 16, 2020) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Xavier. He was best known for his appearances with Ring of Honor between 2002 and 2004, where he was the second ROH Champion.

Bedoya died on August 16, 2020 at the age of 42.

Ali Chaouch

Ali Chaouch (26 June 1948 – 17 August 2020) was a Tunisian politician and government minister. He was the Tunisian Minister of the Interior between 1997 to 1999.

Chaouch died on 17 August 2020, aged 72.

Mariolina De Fano

Mariolina De Fano (14 October 1940 – 18 August 2020) was an Italian actress. She was born in Bari, Italy. She was known for her roles as Zia in "Tutto l'amore che c'è" (2000), Mrs. Lo Turco in "The Cézanne Affair" (2009) and as Mrs. Bandiera in "Make a Fake" (2011). She was born in Bari, Italy. Her career lasted from 1981 to 2017.

De Fano died on 18 August 2020 in Bari from a short-illness at the age of 79.

Allan Fotheringham

Allan Fotheringham (August 31, 1932 – August 19, 2020) was a Canadian newspaper and magazine journalist, columnist and television presenter. He was known for his many columns that appeared in "Vancouver Sun", "Toronto Sun", "The Globe and Mail" and "National Post". He was also a panelist on "Front Page Challenge" between 1984 to 1995.

He died on August 19, 2020 in Quebec at the age of 87.

Pierre Berton

Pierre Francis de Marigny Berton (July 12, 1920 – November 30, 2004) was a Canadian author of non-fiction, especially Canadiana and Canadian history. He was a television personality and journalist. He won many honours and awards for his books. He was born in Whitehorse, Yukon. Between 1957 to 1995, he was a panelist for "Front Page Challenge".

Beron died on November 30, 2004 at a hospital in Toronto of congestive heart failure, aged 84.

Gianni Agnelli

Giovanni "Gianni" Agnelli, (; 12 March 192124 January 2003), also known as L'Avvocato ("The Lawyer"), was an Italian businessman. He was known for his business career with Fiat. As the head of Fiat, he controlled 4.4% of Italy's GDP. He was the richest man in modern Italian history.

Andrej Andreevich Zolotov

Andrej Andreevich Zolotov (born 13 December 1937) is a Russian screenwriter and music and art critic. He has written over 30 documentaries about Russian musicians, composers and conductors. He is the vice president of the Russian Academy of Arts. 

He was born in Moscow. He wrote the scripts for "Komsomolskaya Pravda" and the TV series "Vremya". He was Assistant Minister of Culture between 1990 and 1992. He became the chief editor of RIA Novosti in 1994.

Lorraine Thomson

Lorraine Thomson (12 July 1931 – 13 August 2020) was a Canadian dancer, television host, television producer and one of the co-founders, with Pierre Berton, of the ACTRA Awards.

She was the first dancer hired by the CBC for their first televised variety show, "The Big Revue".

She turned to radio hosting the 1960s, and then television hosting in the 1970s for CBC's "The Naked Mind", "The Weaker(?) Sex" and "V.I.P."

She was the one of the first women to produce variety shows on CBC.

For 18 years, she was the program coordinator for "Front Page Challenge". She was nominated for several national awards for her work both in front of and behind the camera.

Bob Sykes (American football)

Robert Eugene Sykes (March 15, 1927 – August 4, 2020) was an American football fullback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins in 1952. He played college football at San Jose State. He was born in Oakland, California. 

Sykes died on August 4, 2020 in Laguna Niguel, California at the age of 93.

Douglas Wiseman

Douglas Jack Wiseman (July 21, 1930 – August 1, 2020) was a Canadian politician and businessman. He was in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Progressive Conservative from 1971 to 1990, and was a cabinet minister in the government of Bill Davis. He was born in Smiths Falls, Ontario.

Wiseman died on August 1, 2020 at a hospital in Perth, Ontario at the age of 90.

Wendy Blunsden

Wendy Blunsden (9 February 1942 – 1 August 2020) was an Australian cricketer. She captained the Australia national women's cricket team in one Test match and played a total of seven tests. She was born in Adelaide. She made her Test debut against New Zealand in 1972.

Blunsden died on 1 August 2020, aged 78.

Nando Angelini

Nando Angelini (17 August 1933 – 7 August 2020) was an Italian actor. He appeared in more than eighty movies between 1957 until his death. He was born in San Benedetto del Tronto, Italy. His best known roles were in "Il Sorpasso", "Barabbas" and "Bloody Pit of Horror".

Angelini died on 7 August 2020 in Pescara, Italy at the age of 87.

Garhajis

Garhajis is a clan made up of Habr Yunis and Eidagale who live in Somaliand,Ethiopia,Kenya and Djibouti. They border the habar Awal tribe to the west, the Warsangeli to the East and the reer darawiish to the southeast and ogaden to the south.

Tibetan Mastiff

The Tibetan Mastiff is a big breed dog. It originated in Tibet. It has long black fur. It is like the Tibetan spaniel dog, but its fur is different.

Planet 51

Planet 51 is a computer animated movie made by Ilion Animation Studios and HandMade Films. It stars Dwayne Johnson, Jessica Biel, Justin Long, Gary Oldman, Seann William Scott and John Cleese.

Ghost Whisperer

Ghost Whisperer is an American television series, which ran on CBS from 2005 to 2010.

Leverage (TV series)

Leverage is an American action crime drama television series. It aired on TNT from December 7, 2008, to December 25, 2012.

Bruno Fernandes

Bruno Miguel Borges Fernandes (born 8 September 1994 in Maia, Porto) is a Portuguese professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for club Manchester United and for the Portugal national team.

He has previously played in Italy for Novara, Udinese, and Sampdoria, as well as in Portugal with Sporting CP. He was named Primeira Liga Player of the Year in both 2018 and 2019. In January 2020, Manchester United signed him for an initial fee of €55 million (£47 million).

Fernandes made his senior debut for Portugal in November 2017. He had previously played for Portugal's under-19s, under-20s and under-21s. He also played for Portugal at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Fernandes was born in Maia, Metropolitan Area of Porto. He played most of his youth football with local club Boavista FC. On 27 August 2012, he went to play for Novara Calcio in Italy.

After only a few weeks with the youth side, Fernandes started to play to the first team in Serie B. He played in just over half of the league games during the 2012–13 season. He helped his team to fifth place and the promotion play-offs.

In summer 2013, Fernandes signed for Udinese Calcio in a co-ownership deal. He made his debut in Serie A on 3 November. He came on as a second-half substitute. Udinese lost 0–3 at home against Inter Milan.

Fernandes scored his first league goal on 7 December 2013. This was in a 3–3 draw at S.S.C. Napoli. He scored again in the second match between the sides (a 1–1 draw).

On 16 August 2016, Fernandes moved to U.C. Sampdoria on loan. He also had to sign permanently. He made his league debut twelve days later. He played six minutes in a 2–1 home win against Atalanta BC.

Fernandes scored his first goal for his new team on 26 September 2016. This was in a 1–2 away loss to Cagliari Calcio. He scored 5 goals in 33 Serie A appearances during the campaign. He helped Udinese finish in thirteenth position.

On 27 June 2017, after the UEFA European Under-21 Championship, Fernandes joined Sporting CP for five years. This was for a reported fee of €8.5 million plus bonuses. He had a buyout clause of €100 million. He scored four goals in his first five Primeira Liga games. This included two goals in a 5–0 away win against Vitória de Guimarães.

Fernandes' first appearance in the UEFA Champions League group stage was on 12 September 2017. He scored the team's third goal in the 43rd minute. The time won 3–2 win against Olympiacos FC. He finished his first season with 16 goals across all competitions. This was second only to Bas Dost.

On 15 May 2018, Fernandes and several of his teammates and coaches were injured following an attack by around 50 Sporting supporters at the club's training ground. This was after the team finished third in the league and did not get to the Champions League qualification stage. Despite this, the team still played in the final of the Taça de Portugal the weekend after. Sporting lost against C.D. Aves.

Fernandes was named the Primeira Liga Player of the Year on 6 July 2018. Four days later he signed a new five-year contract with a €100 million release clause. 

Fernandes scored his 23rd competitive goal of the 2018–19 campaign. This was during a 3–1 home win against Portimonense S.C. on 3 March 2019, through a late penalty. He beat António Oliveira's club record for goals by a midfielder in a season. This was set in 1981–82. On 5 May, he scored a hat-trick in an 8–1 away win against Belenenses SAD. He became the highest-scoring Portuguese midfielder in a single season ever, with 31 goals to his name. He scored his 33rd and final goal of the season on 25 May 2019. This was during Sporting's win against FC Porto in the Taça de Portugal final. He was named Primeira Liga Player of the Year for the second year, in the 2018–19 season.

He scored seven goals in his first 10 appearances of the 2019–20 season. This included scoring in six matches in a row. This made him the third Sporting player in the 21st century to score in six or more matches in a row, after Mário Jardel and Bas Dost. On 28 November 2019, he scored twice and assisted the other two goals in a 4–0 win against PSV Eindhoven. This made sure Sporting qualified for the knockout stages of the UEFA Europa League.

On 29 January 2020, English club Manchester United agreed with Sporting to buy Fernandes. This was for a fee of up to €80 million (£67.6 million). Fernandes also needed to pass a medical and agree personal terms. The transfer was officially done the day after. The initial fee is around €55 million (£47 million), and up to €25 million (£21 million) in add-ons. Sporting will also get 10% of the profits if United ever sell Fernandes. Fernandes signed a five-and-a-half-year contract.

He made his debut on 1 February. He played the full 90 minutes of a 0-0 draw at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers. In Manchester United's 2–0 away win over Chelsea on 17 February, he made an assist for the second goal. This was a cross for a header from Harry Maguire. Fernandes came on as a late substitute for Manchester United against Club Brugge in a 1–1 draw. This was his European debut for the club. He scored his first goal for Manchester United against Watford on 23 February. This was a penalty in a 3–0 victory at Old Trafford. In this match, he also made an assist for the third goal scored by Mason Greenwood. His first European goal for the club was in the second leg of their UEFA Europa League round of 32 tie against Club Brugge at Old Trafford. Fernandes scored a penalty. This helped Manchester United to win 5–0. On 16 March 2020, Fernandes was voted as the Premier League Player of the Month for February. On 30 June 2020, Fernandes scored his first brace (two goals in one match) for the club in a 3–0 win against Brighton & Hove Albion. In June 2020, he won awards for the club and in the Premier League. This included winning the Premier League Player of the Month and Goal of the Month. He became the first player to win both awards at the same time in the Premier League. He also became the first Manchester United player to win the Premier League Player of the Month award two months in a row since Cristiano Ronaldo in the 2006–07 season. Bruno Fernandes has scored 8 goals and assisted 7 times in 14 games in his Premier League first season with Manchester United.

Fernandes has played for Portugal at five levels. Before he played in the senior team (the main Portugal team), he was captain of the under-21 team.

Fernandes played for Portugal in the 2016 Summer Olympics. He started every game, as Portuagl reached the quarter-finals.

When he played in Italy, he did not play for Portugal. He was called up for the national team on 28 August 2017. He took the place of Pizzi because he was injured. This was for World Cup qualifiers against the Faroe Islands and Hungary.

Fernandes won his first full cap on 10 November 2017. He came on in place of Manuel Fernandes for the last 34 minutes of the 3–0 friendly win over Saudi Arabia. Fernando Santos chose him in his team for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. He scored his first national team goal on 7 June. This was a header in the last warm-up match before the tournament, a 3–0 win against Algeria at the Estádio da Luz.

Fernandes' first World Cup game was on 15 June 2018. He played 66 minutes in a 3–3 group stage draw against Spain.

Fernandes is an attacking midfielder. He is a direct, energetic playmaker. He can take on defenders and also set the rhythm of play. Because he is direct, Fernandes sometimes takes risks. He tries difficult passes to create chances of scoring goals.He often presses the opposition quickly after losing possession. In addition, he is a a good free-kick taker. He likes to shoot from outside the penalty area. His movement off the ball is also important, as he looks to find space to create chances. Fernandes can also play in a deeper central midfield role, or as a second striker.

Sporting CP

Manchester United

Portugal

Individual


Ranoidea (genus)

Ranoidea is a genus of frogs in the subfamily Pelodryadinae. They live in Australia, New Guinea, the Maluku Islands, and the Louisiade Archipelago. Scientists still disagree with each other about whether "Ranoidea" should be its own genus or not and which frogs should be in it. Many of the frogs in "Ranoidea" used to be in "Litoria", "Dryopsophus", or "Hyla". In 2016, one team of scientists wrote a paper saying "Litoria" should be divided up into other genuses. Many other amphibian scientists read it and agreed, but some did not. One reason for this was that not all of the frogs in "Litoria" had been studied on the DNA level.

All frogs in "Ranoidea" have side-to-side pupils that open up-and-down and no coloring in their eyelid membrane. Many species have tadpoles that swim in mountain streams and have very large mouths on the undersides of their bodies.

The following species are or were recognized in the genus "Ranoidea":
Scientists also think the Papua big-eyed tree frog might be in "Ranoidea" but they want to collect more data about where the frog lives first.

Ranoidea

The Ranoidea are a superfamily of frogs in the order Anura. These frogs have a fused pectoral girdle bone in their chests, no ribs, and the males hold on to the female with an axillary grip during mating. The tadpoles have a single spiracle on the left side and complex mouthparts. Some species do not have tadpoles, and small frogs grow straight from eggs. Scientists disagree about exactly which frogs should be placed in which family and on exactly where Ranoidea belongs among groups of amphibians. Amphibian scientists often change their minds about exactly which frogs are related to each other and how closely, usually when someone finds new information (Glaw,Vences, 2001).

This superfamily contains seventeen different families, each containing at least 2 species (some contain over 300 different species).

These families are copied from and 

The family of Ranixalidae (Leaping Frogs) has one genus containing 10 different species. They live in central and southern India. They live in leaf litter and in tropical deciduous forests, near streams and can be found between 200 m and 1100 m above sea level.

The family of Mantellidae (Malagasy Poison Frogs) has 3 different genera with 191 species total. They live in Madagascar and Mayotte Island. They are both terrestrial and tree frogs and live between 800 and 1000 m above sea level.

The family of Rhacophoridae (Afroasian Tree Frogs) has two subfamilies, 14 genera, and a total of 321 species. They live in Sub-Saharan Africa, Madagascar, and South Asia. They are mainly tree frogs.
The family of Pyxicephalidae (African Bullfrogs) has two subfamilies, 13 genera, and 68 total species. They live in Sub-Saharan Africa. The two subfamilies are completely different. Cacosternine frogs are small and slender and live on the ground or in and out of water. Pyxicephaline frogs are large bullfrog-like frogs with thick bodies and fanglike bones on their lower jaws, used to smash their prey.

The family of Petropedetidae (African Water Frogs and Goliath Frog) has two genera with a total of 18 different species. They live in Sub-Saharan Africa. This family contains the world's largest living frog, the "Conraua goliath."

The family of Ptychadenidae (Grassland Frogs) has 3 genera with a total of 53 different species. They live in sub-Saharan Africa. They live in grasslands and savannas. They have slender bodies with long arms and legs.

The family of Ceratobatrachidae (Triangle Frogs) has 5 genera with a total of 84 different species. They live in Malaysia, the Philippines, Borneo, New Guinea, and the Solomon Islands. Most have very angular bodies and are small to medium-sized. They live in the forests.

The family of Brevicipitidae (Rain frogs) has 5 genera with 31 total species. They live in the southeast corner of Africa. They are typically small with round shaped bodies, which become even more round when they are disturbed because they inflate themselves.


List of video game publishers

NGC 77

NGC 77 is a lenticular galaxy in the Cetus constellation. It is located about 780 million light-years away.

Shut up

"Shut up" is a command meaning to "be quiet". However, it is more forceful, likely used to tell someone to stop making noise or talking nonsense. It is also a short form of "shut your mouth up". This use is sometimes rude and disrespectful.

There are more forceful commands, such as shut the hell up and shut the fuck up. In messages, they are sometimes abbreviated to STHU and STFU, respectively. Similar phrases like "hush", "shush", or "shush up" are similar to the "shut up" command.

Dipper

A dipper was the operator of a bathing machine used by women bathers. The dipper pushed the machine into and out of the water and helped the bather into and out of the water. A dipper had to be large and strong to carry out this work.

Danbury (disambiguation)

Danbury may refer to different places: 




Hexene

Hexene is an alkene with a molecular formula CH. The prefix "hex" is derived from the fact that there are 6 carbon atoms in the molecule, while the "-ene" suffix denotes that there is an alkene present—two carbon atoms are connected via a double bond.

Dick Tooth

Dick Tooth (21 September 1929 – 5 August 2020) was an Australian rugby union footballer. He was born in New South Wales. He represented for the Wallabies in ten Test matches and nineteen total appearances and was Australian captain on two occasions.

His club rugby was played with the Sydney University Football Club and later with Randwick in the Shute Shield. He practised as an orthopaedic surgeon.

Tooth died on 5 August 2020 in Sydney at the age of 90.

Kalevi Oikarainen

Kalevi Oikarainen (27 April 1936 – 14 August 2020) was a Finnish cross-country skier. He competed between the 1950s and the 1970s. Oikarainen was born in Kuusamo. He won a bronze medal in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble.

He died on 14 August 2020 at the age of 84.

Gary Cowling

Gary Cowling (November 4, 1961 – August 17, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in Newport News, Virginia. He appeared in "What's Your Sign?", "Waldo Walker", "Celebrity", "Judgment Call", "Analyze This", "The Namesake" and "The Accidental Husband" (2007).

Cowling died on August 17, 2020 at the age of 58.


Randall Rollins

Richard Randall Rollins (November 5, 1931 – August 17, 2020) was an American billionaire businessman. He was the chairman of Rollins Inc., the US's largest pest control company. He was born in Ringgold, Georgia.

He was also chairman of Marine Products Corporation, and RPC, Inc and a director of Dover Downs Gaming and Entertainment, Inc, and Dover Motorsports.

As of August 2020, "Forbes" his net worth at US$5.1 billion.

Rollins died on August 17, 2020, aged 88.

Savvas Theodoridis

Savvas Theodoridis (18 February 1935 – 17 August 2020) was a Greek footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for Olympiacos between 1955 to 1963 and the Greek national team from 1957 to 1960. He was born in Athens.

Theodoridis died on 17 August 2020 in Athens, aged 85.

Gheorghe Dogărescu

Gheorghe Dogărescu (15 May 1960 − 19 August 2020) was a Romanian handball player. He won a bronze medal at the 1984 Olympics. He was born in Viziru, Romania. 

Dogărescu died on 19 August 2020, aged 60.

Todd Nance

Todd Nance (November 20, 1962 – August 19, 2020) was an American blues rock drummer. He was best known as the original drummer of Widespread Panic. He was a member of the band until 2016. He was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

Nance died on August 19, 2020 at the age of 57.

Borys Paton

Borys Yevhenovych Paton (; 27 November 1918 – 19 August 2020) was a Ukrainian scientist. He was the chairman of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. He was appointed to this post in 1962. He was known for his works in electric welding. He was born in Kyiv.

Paton died on 19 August 2020 in Kyiv at the age of 101.

Warren Magnuson

Warren Grant "Maggie" Magnuson (April 12, 1905 – May 20, 1989) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a U.S. Representative (1937–1944) and a U.S. Senator (1944–1981) from Washington. 

Bill Cash

Sir William Nigel Paul Cash (born 10 May 1940) is a British Conservative politician. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) since 1984. He was first elected for Stafford and then for Stone in Staffordshire in 1997. 

After his tenth election victory in the 2019 general election, aged 79, Cash became the oldest sitting member of the House of Commons.

He was appointed a Knight Bachelor in the 2014 Birthday Honours for political services. He is a known critic of the European Union.

In June 2023, he announced his intention to stand down at the next general election.


Jennie

Jennie may refer to:



Anna Maria Bottini

Anna Maria Bottini (24 March 1916 – 9 August 2020) was an Italian actress. She was born in Milan. Her best known roles were in "The Leopard", "The Law" and "Angels of Darkness".

Bottini died on 9 August 2020 in Giove, Umbria at the age of 104.

Giove, Umbria

Giove is a "comune" in the province of Terni (Umbria, central Italy).

Hell or High Water (movie)

Hell or High Water is a 2016 American neo-Western heist drama movie directed by David Mackenzie and written by Taylor Sheridan. The movie is about two brothers (Chris Pine and Ben Foster) who carry out a series of bank robberies to save their family ranch, while being pursued by two Texas Rangers (Jeff Bridges and Gil Birmingham).

The movie was theatrically released in the United States on August 12, 2016. It made $37 million. It had many positive reviews. It was nominated for four Oscars. 

Gil Birmingham

Gil Birmingham (born July 13, 1953) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Billy Black in "The Twilight Saga" movie series. 

He is known in television for his role as Chief Thomas Rainwater in "Yellowstone" and recurring roles as George Hunter in "Banshee" and Virgil White in "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt".

Birmingham was born in San Antonio, Texas. He studied at the University of Southern California.


Taihei Hayashiya

On Shōten, he always wears a orange kimono, also he is known for imitating celebrities.

Taihei made a original food product that is named towards Kikuzō Ramen.


Alveda King

Alveda Celeste King (born January 22, 1951) is an American conservative activist, author, and former state representative for the 28th District in the Georgia House of Representatives.

She is a niece of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and daughter of civil rights activist A. D. King and his wife, Naomi Barber King. She is a Fox News Channel contributor. She once served as a senior fellow at the Alexis de Tocqueville Institution, a conservative Washington, D.C., think tank. She is a former member of the Georgia House of Representatives and the founder of Alveda King Ministries.

Bible translations into Estonian

The first version of the New Testament in northern Estonian was published in 1715. The whole Bible of Anton thor Helle appeared in Estonian in 1739.

Nasser 56

Nasser 56 is a 1996 Egyptian biographical drama movie directed by Mohamed Fadel and starring Hassan Hosny, Ahmed Zaki, Fardous Abdel Hamid.

Kanał

Kanał is a 1956 Polish World War II drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and starring Teresa Iżewska, Tadeusz Janczar, Wieńczysław Gliński, Stanisław Mikulski, Emil Karewicz. 
This was the first movie of the "Three Wars" trilogy by director Andrzej Wajda.


Galle

Galle (formerly Point de Galle) is a city on the southwest coast of Sri Lanka. It is also known as Galle Fort, the fortified old city founded by Portuguese colonists in the 16th century. Its stone sea walls were expanded by the Dutch. Its building designs shows Portuguese, Dutch and British influences. Some of the notable buildings include the 18th-century Dutch Reformed Church. Galle Lighthouse stands on the fort’s southeast tip. It is part of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. 

Martha Gunn

Martha Gunn (1726-1815) was a famous dipper in Brighton, England. She was a favourite of the then Prince of Wales, the future George IV.

Martha's work as a dipper or bather involved running a bathing machine. She would have pushed this type of machine in and out of the sea. She would have also been responsible for helping the bather who is using the machine to get into and out of the water. It involved a lot physical activity. Her job was something that suited her large build. Martha was a dipper for around 70 years. She was forced to retire through ill-health in 1814.

Martha was famous in Brighton and throughout the country. In one of the national newspapers she was addressed as, ""The Venerable Priestess of the Bath"". She appeared in a a number of engravings, one of which showed her repelling a French invasion with a mop. 

In another engraving, Martha is seen with the future George IV and his companion Maria Fitzherbet. She was a favourite of the future King, so much so that she had free access to the royal kitchens at the Pavilion. A portrait by John Russell of Martha is displayed in the Brighton Royal Pavilion's tea-room.

Martha lived at 36 East Street in Brighton. The house still stands. Martha died in 1815 and is buried in the cemetery of Brighton's oldest church, St. Nicholas' Church. Her burial plot has a guarded headstone.

Alex Sandusky

Alexander Vincent Sandusky (August 17, 1932 – August 11, 2020) was an American football guard. He played for 13 seasons with the Baltimore Colts of the National Football League (NFL). He was born in McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania.

Sandusky died on August 11, 2020 in Louisville, Kentucky just one week before his 88th birthday.

Tulkarm

Tulkarm or Tulkarem () is a Palestinian city on the West Bank. It is a large, old and famous city.


Bible translations into Dzongkha

Bible translations into Dzongkha is about translations of the Bible into Dzongkha and the other languages that are used in Bhutan.

The Bible is available in Dzongkha as the Dzongkha Bible, which is translated from the New King James Version. The Dzongkha Bible is available as a combination of the Old Testament and the New Testament, the New Testament only, or the New Testament with Psalms and Proverbs.

Twenty four languages are used in Bhutan, mostly Dzongkha in the west, Tshangla in the east, and Nepali in the south. No Bible in Tshangla has been published.


Raymond Allen (actor)

Raymond Gilmore Allen (March 5, 1929 – August 10, 2020) was an American television actor. He was known for his appearances on television during the 1970s. He had roles as Ned the Wino on "Good Times", as Woodrow "Woody" Anderson on the NBC sitcom "Sanford and Son", and as mechanic Merle the Earl on "Starsky and Hutch". He was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

Allen died on August 10, 2020 from respiratory failure in California, aged 91.

Christopher Guy Harrison

Christopher Guy Harrison (3 September 1960 – 19 August 2020) was a British luxury furniture designer. He was the founder and head designer of the international furnishings brand Christopher Guy. His company designs upholstery, chairs, dining tables, sofas, headboards and office furniture.

In 2017, Christopher Guy partnered with rug manufacturer Nourison to create a new line of luxury area rugs. He was born in London. Some of his furniture was inspired by those used on the set of "Gone with the Wind".

Some of his furniture had been used in many movies such as "Stardust", "Casino Royale", "The Devil Wears Prada" and "The Interview".

Harrison died on 19 August 2020 in London of lung cancer, aged 59.

The Devil Wears Prada (movie)

The Devil Wears Prada is a 2006 American comedy-drama movie directed by David Frankel and produced by Wendy Finerman. The screenplay, written by Aline Brosh McKenna, is based on Lauren Weisberger's 2003 novel of the same name.

The movie stars Meryl Streep as Miranda Priestly and Anne Hathaway as Andrea "Andy" Sachs. Emily Blunt and Stanley Tucci co-star as co-assistant Emily Charlton and art director Nigel Kipling, respectively. Adrian Grenier, Simon Baker, and Tracie Thoms play key supporting roles.

Lauren Weisberger

Lauren Weisberger (born March 28, 1977) is an American novelist. She was the author of the 2003 bestseller "The Devil Wears Prada", which is based on her experience as an assistant to "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour.

John Michael Higgins

John Michael Higgins (born February 12, 1963) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for appearing on many of Christopher Guest's mockumentaries.

He also played Peter Lovett in the TV Land original sitcom "Happily Divorced" and provided the voice of Iknik Blackstone Varrick in "The Legend of Korra". He also starred in the NBC sitcom "Great News" as Chuck Pierce.

Agnes Simon

Agnes Simon (née "Almási"; 21 June 1935 – 19 August 2020) was a Hungarian international table tennis player. She was born in Budapest. 

From 1953 to 1976, she won several medals in singles, doubles, and team events in the Table Tennis European Championships and in the World Table Tennis Championships.

Her three World Championship medals. She also won three English Open titles.

Simon died on 19 August 2020, aged 85.

The Late Late Show with James Corden

The Late Late Show with James Corden (also known as Late Late) is an American late-night talk show hosted by James Corden on CBS. It is the fourth and current version of "The Late Late Show".

Corden was announced as the show's new host on September 8, 2014, replacing Craig Ferguson. The show premiered on March 23, 2015.

On April 4, 2017, it was confirmed that Corden would bring "The Late Late Show" to England for three special episodes. It was the third time in the show's history that it aired from another country, with Ferguson taking his incarnation to Paris, France, in 2011 and Scotland in 2012. Corden returned to London to film a week of shows June 18–21, 2018, and June 17–20, 2019.

In July 2019, CBS announced that Corden's contract to run the show had been extended until August 2023.

Eclectus parrot

The eclectus parrot ("Eclectus roratus") is a parrot that lives in the Solomon Islands, Sumba, New Guinea and nearby islands, northeastern Australia, and the Maluku Islands (Moluccas). The parrot is about 35 cm (14 in) long. 

The male is mostly bright green with a yellow-tinge on the head. It has blue flight feathers, and red flanks and underwing coverts. Its tail is creamy yellow, and is dark grey edged with creamy yellow underneath. The tail feathers are green and blue. The upper beak of the adult male is orange.

The female is mostly bright red with a darker hue on the back and wings. The mantle and underwing coverts darken to a more purple in colour. The tail is edged with yellowish-orange above, and is more orange tipped with yellow underneath. The beak of the adult female is all black. The upper beak of the young ones are brown and yellow.

The colours are interesting because they are the reverse of normal. In most birds the females are "self-coloured" (all one colour, and usually quite dull). Males, who compete for females, are usually brightly coloured. The essential idea is that the female should be dull or camouflaged because she carries the "precious package", the eggs. Parrots are often native to tropical forests, where green is camouflage. The males, on the other hand, need to signal their excellent health and general fitness. An extreme case would be the Twelve-wired bird-of-paradise. The implication of colouring in the "Eclectus" must be that the selection pressure is somehow different from that experienced by most bird species.

The birds eats fruits, wild figs, unripe nuts, flower and leaf buds, and some seeds. In captivity, they mostly eat fruit. 

The eclectus has an unusually long digestive tract, so it tolerates food with lots of fiber. In captivity, the eclectus parrot benefits from specially made pellets, fruits, vegetables, and a small amount of seeds and nuts such as almonds and walnuts.

In its natural habitat, the eclectus parrot builds its nests in holes in large rainforest trees. Males may travel up to 20 km to find food. Eclectus parrots are polygynandrous, which means that females may mate with different males, and males may travel from nest to nest to mate with females.

Two white eggs are laid. They are incubated for 28–30 days. Young fledge at about 11 weeks. Although eclectus parrots usually reach sexual maturity between 2–3 years.

Eclectus hens have a strong maternal instinct, which is shown in captivity. It is often possible to place abandoned eggs from other types of parrot under a female eclectus hen, which she will always accept. She will then incubate the egg until it hatches. She will even raise the chick until it grows big enough to leave the nest.

Eclectus parrots are one of the popular birds kept in captivity. Unlike many other types of parrot they are easy to breed but are difficult to feed with the hand. Eclectus parrots are generally calm birds in captivity.

The average lifespan of the eclectus parrots in captivity is not known, because these birds are not kept in captivity in big numbers until the 1980s. Some sources say that the lifespan is 30 years. The longest lifespan officially recorded is 28.5 years, but a life of 40.8 years has also been reported.

Jamnagar

Jamnagar is a city in the state of Gujarat, India. Reliance Industries, India's largest privately-held company, has set up the largest oil refining and petrochemicals hub near the village of Moti Khavdi in Jamnagar district. 

Toothpick

A toothpick is a small thin stick of wood, plastic, bamboo, metal, bone or other material. It has at least one and sometimes two pointed ends. The first mention and patent for it was in February 1872. A person can push a toothpick between their teeth to remove very small pieces of food, after a meal. Toothpicks are also used for celebrations to hold or stick small appetizers (like cheese cubes or olives). 

Toothpicks sometimes have plastic frills or look like small paper umbrellas or flags.

The toothpick is the oldest tool for cleaning teeth. The skulls of Neanderthals and Homo sapiens, show clear signs of teeth picked with a tool. Toothpicks that are made of bronze have been found in prehistoric graves in Northern Italy and in the East Alps.

There are artistic toothpicks made of silver in antiquity, as well as from mastic wood.
In the 17th century, toothpicks were luxury objects. They were made using precious metal and set with expensive stones.

The first toothpick-manufacturing machine was developed by Marc Signorello in 1869. Another was patented in 1872, by Silas Noble and J. P. Cooley.

Wooden toothpicks are cut from birch wood. Logs are first cut into thin sheets, which are then cut, chopped, milled and bleached into each toothpicks. Plastic toothpicks, also called dental pics, are still made in America in Georgia, by Armond's Manufacturing. Nowadays other ways of keeping include using dental floss, toothbrushes, and oral irrigators.

Adhesive bandage

An adhesive bandage is a small medical dressing. It used for wounds that are not serious. The adhesive bandage protects the wound from bacteria, further damage, and dirt. It helps the body to heal itself. Some of the dressings have antiseptic properties. It also holds the cut together so that the body can heal itself. It can, however, sometimes cause allergies.

Royal Library of the Netherlands

The Royal Library of the Netherlands (Dutch: Koninklijke Bibliotheek or KB; "Royal Library") is the national library of the Netherlands. It is based in The Hague. It was founded in 1798. The KB collects everything that is published in the Netherlands. It also collection everything about the Netherlands. This includes anything from medieval literature to today's publications (books, newspapers, etc.). There are about 7 million publications in the stockrooms of the library. This includes books, newspapers, magazines and maps. The KB also offers many digital services. The main service is the national online Library. It has e-books and audiobooks. Other digital services include Delpher (millions of digitised pages) and The Memory. Since 2015, the KB has helped to bring together many institutions to make a large digital library.

Representative Albert Jan Verbeek had the idea to create a national library. He suggested this on August 17, 1798. The basis of the collection would be William V's confiscated book collection. The library was officially founded as the "Nationale Bibliotheek" on November 8 1798. This was after a group of representatives gave advice for the creation of a national library on the same day. At first, the National Library was only open to members of the Representative Body.

King Louis Bonaparte (the brother of Napoleon Bonaparte) gave called the national library the Royal Library in 1806. Napoleon Bonaparte transferred the Royal Library to The Hague as property, while also allowing the Imperial Library in Paris to expropriate publications from the Royal Library. In 1815 King William I of the Netherlands confirmed the name of 'Royal Library' (Dutch: Koninklijke Bibliotheek) by royal resolution. It has been known as the National Library of the Netherlands since 1982, when it opened new quarters. The institution became 'Independent Administrative Body' of the state in 1996, although it is financed by the Department of Education, Culture and Science. On 18 November 2014 the Wsob (Public Library Facilities System Act or 'Library Act') came into being. The act became valid on 1 January 2015 and from this moment onwards four organizations from the library world continued under the name Koninklijke Bibliotheek. These organizations are Sector Institute Public Libraries (SIOB), the Foundation Bibliotheek.nl (BNL), the Digital Library for Dutch Literature (DBNL) and the Koninklijke Bibliotheek (KB).

The humanities are central to the collection of the KB, with an emphasis on Dutch history, language and culture.

In 2016, the KB contained 7,000,000 items, equivalent to 115 kilometers of bookshelves. Most items in the collection are books. There are also pieces of "grey literature", where the author, publisher, or date may not be apparent but the document has cultural or intellectual significance. The collection contains almost the entire literature of the Netherlands, from medieval manuscripts to modern scientific publications. As there was no law for depositing Dutch publication the library started on January 1 1974 the voluntary . This in contrast with most other countries that have a legal deposit of publications. For a publication to be accepted, it must be from a registered Dutch publisher. 

The collection is accessible for members. Any person aged 16 years or older can become a member. One day passes are also available. Requests for material take approximately 30 minutes. The KB hosts several open access websites, including the "Memory of the Netherlands" ("Geheugen van Nederland"), Digital Library for Dutch Literature and Delpher, an archive of more than 100 million pages as of 2020.

The Literature museum (in Dutch: Literatuurmuseum) was founded in 1750 as Nederlands Letterkundig Museum, The museum contains a large collection of letters, manuscripts and memorabilia. The museum has three permanent and several temporary exhibitions. It also contains a special children's book museum. On 4 February 2016, an online museum was opened. On 1 November 2016, the museum was renamed to Literature museum. The museum has a reading room with an extensive collection of newspaper clipping, and under certain conditions, some archival material can be consulted.

The KB's Research Department is engaged in internationally renowned research in the field of digital technology, sustainable preservation and accessibility of both paper and digital heritage. Important topics are the applicability of artificial intelligence, the use of big data, the increasing importance of privacy & security, the changes in the publishing and publishing world and the role of public libraries in today's society.



Striped burrowing frog

The striped burrowing frog, greenstripe frog, or Australian striped treefrog ("Ranoidea alboguttata") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland, New South Wales and the Northern Territory.

This frog lives in forests and in grasslands that are covered in water for part of the year. They spend a lot of time aboveground when it there is a lot of rain or water around, and they spend more time underground near ponds when the weather is dry. This frog can stay underground for years waiting for rainy weather.

Scientists believe this frog lays eggs in bodies of water and the tadpoles grow into frogs before these bodies of water dry up.

NGC 5

NGC 5 is an elliptical galaxy in the Andromeda constellation.

President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia

The office of the President of the Presidency of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia existed from the death of the President of the Republic for life Josip Broz Tito on 4 May 1980 until the dissolution of the country by 1992.

Branko Kostić

Branko Kostić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранко Костић, 28 August 1939 – 20 August 2020) was a Yugoslav politician, businessman, university professor. 

He graduated from the Faculty of Economics in 1962, received his master's degree in 1977, doctorate in 1980; all at the Faculty of Economics in Belgrade.

He held numerous responsible political functions during the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY):

-       Chairman of the Central Committee of the Youth Federation of Montenegro (1963-1968)

-       Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro (1986-1989)

-       President of the Presidency of Montenegro (1989-1991)

-       Delegate to the SFRY Assembly and Chairman of the Delegation of Montenegro to the Council of Republics and Provinces (1991)

-       Vice-President of the Presidency of the SFRY and later acting President of the Presidency of the SFRY (from mid-May 1991 to the middle of June 1992, when this post was abolished).

As President of the Presidency of Montenegro, he was chairman of the Committee for the transfer of the remains of king Nikola I Petrovic-Njegos and members of the royal family from San Remo, Italy to Cetinje, Montenegro.

In the 1970s, he built industrial career and his name is associated with the most successful years of growth and development of what was then the largest company in Montenegro. He was an advisor and then a commercial (1969-1974) and general manager of the Aluminum Combine in Titograd (1974-1978).

After leaving the Aluminum Combine, he continued his career at the University of Montenegro. He was a scientific advisor at the Institute for Technical Research, one of the founders of the Faculty of Civil Engineering and a full professor of economics at all technical faculties, until retiring in 2003. A full overview of published works was given in his bio-bibliography in the Memorial of the Faculty of Civil Engineering (Memorial, 2000).

He spoke Russian and French, and used English.

He was the bearer of the Order of Work with a Golden Wreath and of the Memorial for his contribution to the preservation of Yugoslav statehood and the affirmation of ethnic and self-determined Yugoslavs.

-  "Aluminium and Technical Progress", Institute za technical istraživanja – Tehnički fakulteti, Titograd, 1981.

-       "1991 - Not to be forgotten", Filip Višnjić, Beograd and Obodsko slovo, Rijeka Crnajevića, 1996 

-       "Records", Vaša Knjiga, Beograd and Pegaz, Bijelo Polje, 2005

-       "The truth about the breaking up of Yugoslavia - My testimony in the Hague", Pegaz, Bijelo Polje, 2010

-       "Fishing of Ceklin", Pegaz, Bijelo Polje, 2011

-       "Kostići: Fraternity in Ceklin, Old Montenegro; genealogy (from about 1490 to 2013)", Pegaz, Bijelo Polje, 2014

-       "I didn't step down the oath: interviews, speeches, statements, Books 1 & 2", Pegaz, Bijelo Polje, 2015

Frank Cullotta

Frank Cullotta (December 14, 1938 – August 20, 2020) was an American mobster for the Chicago Outfit. He was a member of the "Hole in the Wall Gang" in Las Vegas with friend and mobster Tony Spilotro. 

After his arrest in 1982, he became a government witness, and entered the witness protection program. Cullotta later became an author and a tour guide. He worked as a movie consultant for mobster/mafia movies such as for "Casino".

On August 20, 2020, Cullotta died at the age of 81 in a Las Vegas hospital from complications related to COVID-19 and other medical issues.

Hasil Bizenjo

Mir Hasil Khan Bizenjo (3 February 1958 – 20 August 2020; Urdu: میر حاصل خان بزنجو) was a Pakistani politician. He was Minister for Maritime Affairs from August 2017 to May 2018. He was a member of the National Party of Pakistan. Bizenjo was a member of the Senate of Pakistan from 2009 until his death.

Bizenjo was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2019. He died in Karachi on 20 August 2020, at the age of 62.

Helmut Hubacher

Helmut Hubacher (15 April 1926 – 19 August 2020) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland. From 1963 to 1997, he was a member of the National Council. He was born in Krauchthal, Switzerland.

Hubacher died on 19 August 2020 in Porrentruy, Switzerland at the age of 94.

Hal Singer

Harold Joseph Singer (October 8, 1919 – August 18, 2020), also known as Hal "Cornbread" Singer, was an American R&B and jazz bandleader and saxophonist. He was the last surviving male survivor of the Tulsa race riot.

Singer became a centenarian on October 8, 2019. He died on August 18, 2020.

Wojciech Karpiński

Wojciech Karpiński (11 May 1943 – 18 August 2020) was a Polish writer, historian of ideas and literary critic. He was born in Warsaw. 

Karpiński made his writing debut in 1964 with an essay on François de La Rochefoucauld. He went on to publish in "Kultura", "Res Publica", "Tygodnik Powszechny", "Znak", "Zeszyty Literackie" and "Gazeta Wyborcza".

Between 1982 and 2008 he worked as a researcher of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in Paris. He has taught at the University of Texas in Austin (1990) and New York University (1994–95, invited by Tony Judt).

Karpiński died on 18 August 2020 in Paris at the age of 77.

Howie Judson

Howard Kolls Judson (February 16, 1926 – August 8, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1948 to 1954. He played for the Chicago White Sox and Cincinnati Redlegs. He was born in Hebron, Illinois.

Judson died on August 8, 2020 in Winter Haven, Florida at the age of 95.

Hebron, Illinois

Hebron is a village in McHenry County, Illinois, United States. It is located about 3 miles south of the Illinois/Wisconsin border. As of the 2020 census the village population was 1,368.

Dai Davies

William David Davies, better known as Dai Davies (1 April 1948 – 10 February 2021) was a Welsh professional footballer. He played in goal between 1969 and 1987. He made 52 appearances for the Wales national football team, and played for Everton, Wrexham (twice), Tranmere Rovers and three spells at Swansea City. 

Davies was born in Glanaman, Wales.

In August 2020, Davies was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease on 10 February 2021, aged 72.


Choi Bo-min (singer)

Choi Bo-min (born August 24, 2000), professionally known by the mononym Bomin, is a South Korean singer, actor and host.

Candy Desk

The candy desk has been a tradition of the United States Senate since 1968, where a United States senator sits at a specific desk near a busy entrance keeps a drawer full of candy for members of the body. The current occupant of the candy desk is Pennsylvania Senator Pat Toomey.

Shin Yeeun

Shin Ye-eun (, born January 18, 1998) is a South Korean actress. She is being managed by JYP Entertainment.

Shin is currently attending Sungkyunkwan University and majors in Performing Arts.


Steve Symms

Steven Douglas Symms (born April 23, 1938) is an American retired Republican politician. He was a four-term congressman from 1973 to 1981 and a two-term U.S. Senator from 1981 to 1993, representing Idaho. 

Shirley Walker

Shirley Anne Walker (née Rogers, April 10, 1945 – November 30, 2006) was an American movie and television composer and conductor. She was one of the few female movie score composers working in Hollywood. 

Walker was one of the first female composers to earn a solo score credit on a major Hollywood motion picture. She was born in Napa, California.

She wrote her movie scores entirely by hand. She always orchestrated and conducted her own scores by herself.

Walker died on November 30, 2006 from stroke-related problems in Reno, Nevada at the age of 61.

Federal Bureau of Prisons

The Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) is a United States federal law enforcement agency under the Department of Justice responsible for the care, custody, and control of incarcerated individuals.

Norman Carlson

Norman Albert Carlson (August 10, 1933 – August 9, 2020) was an American correctional officer and politician. He was born in Sioux City, Iowa. He was made Director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons in 1970 by President Richard Nixon. He retired from the office in 1987. He was Director Emeritus of GEO Group.

Carlson died on August 9, 2020 at a hospital in Phoenix, Arizona from lymphoma, one day before his 87th birthday.

András Arató

András István Arató (born 11 July 1945) is a retired Hungarian electrical engineer and model. He is best known for becoming an internet meme known as "Hide the Pain Harold".

András has been in and out of the stock photo and advertisement industry as a model. He is known for his overall facial expression and fake smile.

While vacationing in Turkey, András Arató decided to upload personal vacation photos onto social media site iWiW, which were noticed by a photographer.

Steve Diggle

Stephen E Diggle (born 7 May 1955) is an English guitarist and vocalist in the punk band Buzzcocks.

Veronika Voss

Veronika Voss (, "The Longing of Veronika Voss") is a 1982 West German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Rosel Zech, Hilmar Thate, Cornelia Froboess, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Annemarie Düringer, Peter Berling, Günther Kaufmann, Erik Schumann, Peter Zadek.


United States presidential nominating convention

In the United States, a presidential nominating convention is held by each political party before a presidential election. They are held every four years, in the summer. At the convention, delegates (people who are selected to vote) choose the party's candidates for president and vice president. They also agree on the party's platform, a document that says the party's goals. Since 1972, the delegates have mostly been selected by primary elections in each state.

Tracee Ellis Ross

Tracee Joy Silberstein (born October 29, 1972), known professionally as Tracee Ellis Ross, is an American actress, singer and television host. She is known for her lead roles in the television series "Girlfriends" (2000–2008) and "Black-ish" (2014–present).

Nutbush, Tennessee

Nutbush is a rural unincorporated community in Haywood County, Tennessee.

Nutbush is best known as the birthplace and childhood home of singer Tina Turner.

Paul Weiland

Paul Weiland OBE (born 11 July 1953 in England) is an English motion picture and television director, writer and producer. Weiland is a director and producer of television commercials in the UK, having made over 500 commercials, including a popular and long-running series for Walkers crisps. He has also directed several British television series, including "Alas Smith and Jones" (1989–1992) and "Mr. Bean" (1991–1992). His feature movie credits include "Made of Honor" (2008), "" (1999), "" (1994) and "Leonard 6" (1987).

Dynamite (BTS song)

"Dynamite" is a song by the band BTS. It was released on August 21, 2020. It is their first English song. It has been described as 'uplifting' and infectious. 

Kyle Sullivan

Kyle Russell Sullivan (born March 19, 1983) is an American former actor. He is best known for appearing on the TV series "All That" and the Fox sitcom "The War at Home".

Sullivan was born in Los Angeles, California. He played the role of Dabney Hooper on "Friends" from 1994 to 1997. Sullivan is also the voice actor for Danny O'Farrell and Everitt Konquist on the Disney animated series "Fillmore!" and additional voices on "Recess" and "Dexter's Laboratory". He was a guest on television programs such as "The Secret World of Alex Mack", "Seinfeld", "The Amanda Show", "NewsRadio", "Chicago Hope", "Mad About You", "ER", "Scrubs", and "Max Keeble's Big Move".

Dennis Villarojo

Dennis Cabanada Villarojo (born April 18, 1967 in Cebu City) is a Filipino prelate. He is currently the fifth bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Malolos
On July 3, 2015 Pope Francis assigned Monsignor Villarojo as one of the auxiliary bishops of Cebu. He was consecrated bishop on 10 August 2015 at the Metropolitan Cathedral of the Archdiocese of Cebu. He was ordained by Archbishop José S. Palma, the current Ordinary of the Archdiocese. 

Ricardo Cardinal Vidal (Cardinal Archbishop Emeritus of Cebu), and Giuseppe Pinto (Papal Nuncio to the Philippines) were the co-consecrators.

On May 14, 2019, Pope Francis has assigned Bishop Villarojo as the new bishop of the Diocese of Malolos. He was put in position on August 21, 2019 by Luis Antonio Tagle, Archbishop of Manila together with Gabriele Giordano Caccia, then Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines.

The Latin Immigrant

The Latin Immigrant () is a 1980 Colombian comedy movie directed by Gustavo Nieto Roa and starring Carlos Benjumea, Franky Linero.

Embrace of the Serpent

Embrace of the Serpent () is a 2015 Colombian drama movie directed by Ciro Guerra and starring Jan Bijvoet, Nilbio Torres, Antonio Bolívar, Brionne Davis. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2016.


Bob Elliott (medical researcher)

Sir Robert Bartlett Elliott (3 January 1934 – 20 August 2020) was an Australian-born New Zealand medical researcher. He was born in Adelaide, South Australia. 

In 1970 he moved to the University of Auckland School of Medicine as the foundation professor of paediatrics.

In the 1999 New Year Honours, Elliott was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to medical research. 

Elliott died on 20 August 2020, aged 86.

Helen Yate

Helen Marie Yate (1 January 1921 – 11 August 2020) was a British swimmer. She competed in the women's 100 metre backstroke at the 1948 Summer Olympics. She represented England and won a silver medal and two bronze medals at the 1950 British Empire Games. She was born in Plymouth, Devon.

Yate died on 11 August 2020 at a nursing home in Plymouth at the age of 99.

Tommy Carroll (footballer)

Thomas Roger Carroll (18 August 1942 – 16 August 2020) was an Irish international footballer.

Carroll was born in Dublin. He was 15 when he made his debut for Shelbourne. He played in the first ever Republic of Ireland U23 game in 1966. He then moved to Ipswich Town in July 1966 and played for the club at right full back for six seasons.

He represented his country 17 times scoring once. He also won three amateur caps.

Carroll died on 16 August 2020, just two days before his 78th birthday.

Shelbourne F.C.

Shelbourne Football Club () is an Irish association football club based in Drumcondra, Dublin, who play in the League of Ireland Premier Division.


Gedde Watanabe

Gary "Gedde" Watanabe (born June 26, 1955) is an American actor and comedian. He voiced the character, Ling, in the 1998 animated movie "Mulan" and its 2004 sequel, "Mulan II". He played Long Duk Dong in the 1984 movie "Sixteen Candles".

2.0

2.0 refers to the second version of a computer program; see software versioning.

2.0 may also refer to:

Taran Adarsh

Taran Adarsh (born 13 June 1965) is an Indian movie critic, journalist, editor and movie analyst. He has also worked in movie production and writing. He is the son of director and producer, BK K Adarsh. 

Adarsh started his career at the age of 15 as a reporter for "Trade Guide," a weekly box-office magazine. In 1994, he wrote and produced the Bollywood film "Hello Bollywood." He is currently employed as a movie analyst and critic of Bollywood Hungama . 


Mohammed Abdullah Hassan

Sayyid Mohammed Abdullah Hassan (7 April 1856 – 21 December 1920, also known as Sayyid Maxamed Cabdulle Xasan) was the emir of Diiriye Guure. Diiriye Guure headed the successor state of the Dhulbahante garaadship. Then, Diiriye Guure started the Dervish movement in Somalia and led the Khatumo region from 1896 until 1920.

List of leaders of North Korea

The supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, or simply known as the supreme leader of North Korea is the head of state and head of government of North Korea. The leader directs the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the North Korean Armed Forces.

Kim Jong-un is the 3rd and current supreme leader of North Korea, in office since December 17, 2011.

the president of the state affairs commission is the head of state of North Korea. The North Korean constitution gives the president the power to lead the state and appoint important state officials. 

The president also has the power to appoint diplomatic representatives to serve foreign relations in other countries. The president can declare a state of emergency, a state of war or a mobilization order and direct the country's national defense during times of war. The president also has absolute power and control over North Korea's nuclear arsenal.

The president of the State Affairs has the power to choose the vice president, and members of the State Affairs Commission, who are elected by members of the assembly. The president can also propose for their recall by the assembly and the president also has the right to appoint or dismiss important state officials.

The president can submit an agenda that will be discussed by the Supreme People's Assembly. The commission can also submit an agenda to the assembly. The president can also have the right to grant pardons.

The supreme leader is the commander-in-chief of the North Korean Armed Forces. The leader may exercise supreme operational command and control over the country's military forces, and has plenary power to launch, direct and supervise military operations, order or authorize the deployment of troops, or launch nuclear weapons.

Ryongsong Residence is the current and official residence of the supreme leader of North Korea. The supreme leader also has other official state residences but are kept hidden away with absolutely no access to them.

The Ministry of State Security is charged with protecting the supreme leader and the first family of North Korea. As part of their protection, their duties are also to investigate any type of threats towards the Kim family or any government official. It's also tasked to conduct VIP protection duties for North Korean diplomats and employees who work in many North Korean embassies, accompany and other foreign officials abroad.

The North Korean leadership line of succession is the order in which one of the members of the Kim family are to assume the powers and duties as the supreme leader of North Korea upon their death.

Richard Llewellyn

Richard Dafydd Vivian Llewellyn Lloyd or Richard Herbert Vivian Lloyd (8 December 1906 – 30 November 1983) was a British writer. He is best known for his 1939 novel "How Green Was My Valley". It was later made into a movie that was nominated for ten Academy Awards, winning four. The movie also famously beat "Citizen Kane" to the Best Picture. It also won Best Director, Best Cinematography and Best Supporting Actor.

Llewellyn was born in Hendon or Willesden, England. His claim of being born in St Davids, west Wales, was proven false after his death. However, his parents were Welsh. He died in Dublin on 30 November 1983 at the age of 76.

Lamborghini LM003

The Lamborghini LM003 was a military vehicle. It was at a concept stage and wasn't produced. Lamborghini made it for the SUV market. The LM003 was almost the same as the LM002. However, unlike the LM002, LM003 was powered by a diesel five-cylinder engine. The engine made . The engine was not powerful enough for the LM003. Lamborghini gave up on the LM003 project at that point. It was later sold to a group of entrepreneurs before it even hit production.


Northern snapping frog

The northern snapping frog, giant frog, giant burrowing frog, giant ground frog or Australian water-holding frog ("Ranoidea australis") is a frog from northern Australia. It lives in Western Australia and the Northern Territory all the way to Queensland.

This frog lives in grasslands and forests where the trees are not too close together. When the weather is rainy, this frog looks for food during the day. When the weather is dry, the frog digs a burrow and stays underground.

This frog lays eggs in temporary bodies of water, up to 7000 at a time. The tadpoles grow into frogs before the bodies of water dry up, in 30-50 days. The tadpoles can live in water as hot as 43 degrees Celcius.

Dwarf crocodile

The dwarf crocodile ("Osteolaemus tetraspis"), is an African crocodile. It is the smallest extant (living) specie of crocodile.

Dwarf crocodiles can reach an average adult length of 1.5 m (4.9 ft). The biggest recorded length for this species is 1.9 m (6.2 ft). Adult ones can weigh between 18 and 32 kg (40 and 71 lsb). The biggest females can be as heavy as 40 kg (88 lb), while the biggest males can weigh up to 80 kg (180 lb).

The dwarf crocodile is a shy and mainly nocturnal. It spends the day hiding in pools or burrows. Although, it occasionally may be active during the day. 

Foraging is mainly done in or near the water. Although it is considered to be one of the most terrestrial species of crocodilian, it may expand the feeding pattern to land, usually after rains.

Borneo crocodile

The Borneo crocodile ("Crocodylus raninus") is a species of freshwater crocodile. It is only found on the island of Borneo.

Central African slender-snouted crocodile

The Central African slender-snouted crocodile ("Mecistops leptorhynchus") is one of two species of crocodiles in the genus Mecistops.

The Central African slender-snouted crocodile lives in Central Africa (Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, northern Angola, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo) and extends into South Sudan in East Africa.

MacGuffin

In fiction, a MacGuffin is an object, detail, or event in the story that is important to the plot or the motivation of the story's characters. The term was first used by filmmaker Alfred Hitchcock. He was not the first to use or discover the trope, but he is given credit for coming up with the name. Other filmmakers like George Lucas used the term MacGuffin as well, but their definition was somewhat different from Hitchcock's. Nevertheless, details about MacGuffins below will describe Hitchcock's point of view.

According to Hitchcock, the MacGuffin has no importance other than moving the story forward, and it has no meaning by itself. It does not matter what the "thing" the characters want is, as long as it drives the character or moves the plot forward. In other words, any detail of a story is a MacGuffin if it can be replaced by something else without changing the rest of the story. If changing what the "thing" the characters want changes anything else in the story, then it is not a MacGuffin.

An example of a MacGuffin is Marsellus Wallace's briefcase in the movie "Pulp Fiction". Getting the suitcase and giving it back to Marsellus Wallace is the reason why Wallace's hit men are willing to kill other people and risk their lives to keep it, but what is inside the briefcase is never shown or explained. According to the movie's writer and director Quentin Tarantino, he says that whatever is in the briefcase is whatever the audience wants it to be, because such knowledge of what is inside does not affect the story at all.

An example of a detail that is not a MacGuffin is the Ark of the Covenant in the movie "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Even though the Ark is important to the motivation of the movie's hero, Indiana Jones, and the villains, the Nazis, the Ark's importance becomes more clear in the later half of the movie, and it cannot be replaced by anything else because the Nazis' misuse of the Ark was the direct cause of their death at the climax of the movie.

NGC 4477

NGC 4477 is a barred lenticular galaxy in the Coma Berenices constellation. It is located about 55 million light-years away.

West African slender-snouted crocodile

The West African slender-snouted crocodile ("Mecistops cataphractus") is a critically endangered type of African crocodile. It is one of five species of crocodile in Africa.

The West African slender-snouted crocodile lives in West Africa (Benin, Burkina Faso, southern Senegal, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Liberia, southern Mali, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and Togo) and extends into Cameroon in Central Africa.

The West African slender-snouted crocodile is classified as critically endangered. It no longer exists in many countries, while its numbers have decreased in others. In its native range, it is very rare. It is on the verge of disappearing. Captive breeding may be important for conservation of this species. 

Cuban crocodile

The Cuban crocodile ("Crocodylus rhombifer") is a type of small crocodile. It lives in Cuba. The average length is 2.1–2.3 m (6.9–7.5 ft). The average weight is 70–80 kg (150–180 lb). Large males can grow as long as 3.5 m (11 ft) in length. Large females can also weigh more than 215 kg (474 lb). It is a very aggressive animal. The Cuban crocodile is very dangerous to humans.

The Cuban crocodile is listed as Critically Endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Before, it lived all over the Caribbean. Now, it only lives in the Zapata Swamp and Isla de la Juventud. They had to escape being hunted by humans. Captive breeding are helping the species to recover.

Mountain stream tree frog

The mountain stream tree frog, northern tops frog, leaf green river tree frog or Barrington tops frog ("Ranoidea barringtonensis") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in New South Wales.

This frog is 3.7 cm in length. It is green with dark spots and a dark stripe behind the eye. It has a white belly.

Scientists disagree about whether to call this frog "barringtonenesis" or "pearsoniana". Some say this frog and Pearson's green tree frog are two different species and some do not.

Norman Watt-Roy

Norman Joseph Watt-Roy (born 15 February 1951) is an English musician, arranger and composer.

Watt-Roy's music career spans more than 40 years. He became popular in the late 1970s, during the punk and new wave era of rock music as the bass player for Ian Dury and the Blockheads. He was a member of the Greatest Show on Earth before.

In addition to his work with the Blockheads, Watt-Roy has been a session musician and has released one solo album.

Spaced Out

Spaced Out is a Canadian-American animated series, co-produced by Tooncan Productions and Cartoon Network, in association with several other companies and television networks. The series had one season with 26 episodes.

Irene D. Long

Irene Duhart Long (November 16, 1950 – August 4, 2020) was an American physician. She was an official at the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration. She was the first female chief medical officer at the Kennedy Space Center.

Richard Biefnot

Richard Biefnot (24 March 1949 – 18 August 2020) was a Belgian politician. He was on the Parliament of Wallonia from 1999 to 2004. He was also a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1995 to 1999 and a member of the Socialist Party.

Biefnot died on 18 August 2020, aged 71.

Atzo Nicolaï

Atzo Nicolaï (22 February 1960 – 19 August 2020) was a Dutch politician and businessman. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

Nicolaï studied law and political science at the Free University Amsterdam. He was a member of the House of Representatives between 1998 and 2002, in 2003, and again from 2006 to 2011. From 2002 to 2006, he was deputy government minister, and from 2006 to 2007 government minister.

Between 2011 and 2019, he was a member of the Social and Economic Council, and also heading DSM.

Nicolaï was born in Delft and died of cancer in Amstelveen, aged 60.


Andrzej Walicki

Andrzej Stanisław Walicki (15 May 1930 – 20 August 2020) was a Polish historian. He was a professor at the University of Notre Dame. He specialized in philosophy. He was one of the scholars who formed the "Warsaw school of the history of ideas".

Walicki was born in Warsaw. He obtained his PhD in 1957, and became a full professor in 1972.

From 1981 to 1986, he worked at the University of Canberra, and from 1986 at University of Notre Dame. In 1998 he won Balzan Prize.

Walicki died in Warsaw on 20 August 2020 at the age of 90.

Aldo Aureggi

Aldo Aureggi (6 October 1931 – 21 August 2020) was an Italian fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Rome.

Aureggi died on 21 August 2020 in Rome, aged 90.

Mohamed Ben Rehaiem

Mohamed Ben Rehaiem (), also known as Hamadi Agrebi () (20 March 1951 – 21 August 2020), was a Tunisian football midfielder. He played for Tunisia in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He also played for CS Sfaxien. Rehaiem was born in Sfax, Tunisia.

Rehaiem died on 21 August 2020 in Sfax, aged 69.

Manuel Gallardo

Manuel Gallardo Lechet (3 May 1935 – 21 August 2020) was a Spanish actor. He was born in Cardena, Spain. His career began in 1961. His best known roles were as Juan in "A Land for All" (1962), Halaf in "100 Horsemen" (1964) and as Fred in "Saturday, Sunday and Friday" (1979). 

Gallardo died on 21 August 2020 in Madrid, aged 85.

Jack Sherman

Jack Sherman (January 18, 1956August 18, 2020) was an American guitarist. He was best known as the second guitarist to have joined Red Hot Chili Peppers. He played on their debut album. He co-wrote much of their second album, "Freaky Styley".

Sherman died on August 18, 2020 at the age of 64.

Tomasz Tomiak

Tomasz Piotr Tomiak (17 September 1967 – 21 August 2020) was a Polish rower. He was born in Nowy Tomyśl, Poland. He won a bronze medal during the 1992 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in 1991 and a silver medal in 1993 at the World Rowing Championships.

Tomiak died on 21 August 2020 of heart failure in Warsaw at the age of 52.

Ron Tudor

Ronald Stewart Tudor MBE (18 May 1924 – 21 August 2020) was an Australian producer, engineer, label owner and record industry businessman. He started his career with W&G Records in 1956. He was born in Toora, Victoria.

Tudor briefly joined Astor Records as their promotions manager until 1968 when he created his own production company. He created his own record label, Fable Records, late in 1969 and continued as its CEO until he sold the company in July 1984.

In June 1979 Tudor was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire "for service to the recording industry".

Tudor died on 21 August 2020 in Melbourne, aged 96.

The Mighty Kong

The Mighty Kong is a 1998 South Korean-Canadian-American fantasy musical adventure giant monster animated directed by Art Scott. remake of the animated version of the story and loosely based on King Kong created by Merian Cooper and Edgar Wallace. produced by Lana Productions and Warner Bros Family Entertainment.

in 1933, Ann Darrow travels outside world when, Kong Island and went for the monster, Kong a 18-meter giant gorilla, taken for New York for exhibit for Broadway any means.

Additional voices - Ian James Cortlett, Michael Dobson, Paul Dobson, Hallie Todd, Alyson Court

this film is animated in 1997 by Anirom Films, Jade Animation, Rainbow Animation itself. all voiced actors recording by Ocean Group.

the film was released by VHS in June 16, 1998 by Warner Home Video/Warner Bros. Family and Legacy Releasing. and done by TriCoast Entertainment as a remaster edition releasing in December 10, 2019 on DVD.

The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz

The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz is a 1974 Canadian comedy drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Mordecai Richler. It stars Richard Dreyfuss, Micheline Lanctôt, Jack Warden, Randy Quaid, Joseph Wiseman, Denholm Elliott and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1975.

Talking Tom and Friends

Talking Tom and Friends (known as Talking Friends until late 2014) is a media franchise created and owned by Outfit7 Limited. The franchise focused on various mobile apps involving animal characters that acted like humans repeating things said by the user. Later , there were more types of apps involving animal characters. The first app, "Talking Tom Cat", was launched in June 2010. As of April 2022, the apps have achieved more than 16 billion downloads. The franchise also includes various web series, which are mostly posted on YouTube.


Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Stadium

Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Stadium, also known as Kasımpaşa Stadium, is a stadium in the Kasımpaşa neighbourhood of Istanbul, Turkey. It is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of Kasımpaşa S.K. The stadium holds 14,234 people. Due to extension works, Kasımpaşa played most of its home matches in the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in the 2007–2008 season. It is named after the current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, a native of Kasımpaşa and a football player in his youth.


Noli me tangere

According to the evangelist, John 20.17, noli me tangere is a phrase Jesus says to Mary Magdalene, when she recognises him after the resurrection. The phrase is commonly translated as "don't touch me". In Koine Greek, the phrase reads Μή μου ἅπτου ("mḗ mou háptou"), which is translated differently, as cease holding on to me or stop clinging to me. Many artists and painters have been inspired by the phrase.

In the translation of Saint Jerome, the text is as follows:

"11. Maria "autem stabat ad monumentum foris, plorans. Dum ergo fleret, inclinavit se, et prospexit in monumentum"" - Mary [on the other hand] was near the tomb and wept. While she was weeping, she bent forwards and looked inside the tomb

"12. "et vidit duos angelos in albis sedentes, unum ad caput, et unum ad pedes, ubi positum fuerat corpus Jesu." - And she sees two angels, [dressed in] white, which were sitting, where the corpse of Jesus had been; one at the head, the other at the feet.

"13. "Dicunt ei illi : Mulier, quid ploras ? Dicit eis : Quia tulerunt Dominum meum : et nescio ubi posuerunt eum." - They ask her: woman, why do you weep - she answers them: They have taken my lord, and I don't know where they have put him"

"14. "Hæc cum dixisset, conversa est retrorsum, et vidit Jesum stantem : et non sciebat quia Jesus est." - When she had said this, she turned around, and she sees Jesus standing [there], and she did not know that it was Jesus"

""15 . Dicit ei Jesus : Mulier, quid ploras ? quem quæris ? Illa existimans quia hortulanus esset, dicit ei : Domine, si tu sustulisti eum, dicito mihi ubi posuisti eum, et ego eum tollam."" - Jesus asked her: Woman, why do you weep? Who are you looking for? - She answered him, thinking he was the gardener: My lord, if it was you who took him, you should tell me where you put him, and I will remove him.

"16: "Dicit ei Jesus : Maria. Conversa illa, dicit ei : Rabboni (quod dicitur Magister)." - Jesus said to her "Maria" - she turned around, and said "Raboni", which means master

"17.   "Dicit ei Jesus : Noli me tangere, nondum enim ascendi ad Patrem meum : vade autem ad fratres meos, et dic eis : Ascendo ad Patrem meum, et Patrem vestrum, Deum meum, et Deum vestrum." - Jesus told her: Don't touch me, because I have not risen towards my father. Go, to my brothers, and tell them: I rise twords my father and your father, my god and your god.

"18.   "Venit Maria Magdalene annuntians discipulis : Quia vidi Dominum, et hæc dixit mihi. - Maria of Magdala comes, and she tells the disciples: I have seen the lord, and that's what he told me."

Quartz crisis

Quartz crisis is the revolution in the watchmaking industry caused by the development of quartz watches in the 1970s and early 1980s. The quartz watches significantly replaced mechanical watches around the world. It caused the crisis of the Swiss watchmakers, which were focused on classical mechanical watches. The quartz watches appeared to be less expensive and more accurate than the mechanical ones. The quartz watches production was mostly located in Japan at that time. Such Japanese companies as Seiko, Citizen and Casio were the first to introduce the market the new electronic technology. 

Army of Shadows

Army of Shadows () is a 1969 French Italian World War II suspense drama movie directed by Jean-Pierre Melville and based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Joseph Kessel. It stars Lino Ventura, Paul Meurisse, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Simone Signoret, Claude Mann, Paul Crauchet, Christian Barbier, Serge Reggiani.


Ukrainian Railways

Ukrainian Railways () is a state-owned company of rail transport in Ukraine. It controls the majority of the railroad transportation in Ukraine. It's total track length is nearly 23,000 km. Ukrainian Railways company is the number 13 largest railway company in the world. Ukrainian Railways is the world's 6th largest rail passenger transporter.

The company employs more than 403,000 people. 

Ukrainian Railways company is the successor of the railways company founded in 1861 in Russian empire. 

Since the independence of Ukraine, the company is the major railways transporter and the only owner of all tracks in Ukraine. 

It's main office is in Kyiv, Ukraine.

Ashley Hinson

Ashley Hinson (born June 27, 1983, Des Moines, Iowa) is an American politician and journalist. She is the United States representative from Iowa's 1st congressional district since 2021. She was the Iowa State Representative. She defeated then-incumbent Abby Finkenauer in Iowa's 1st congressional district in the 2020 election.

Prior to serving in the Iowa House, Hinson worked for KCRG-TV9 News in Cedar Rapids. She is on several committees in the Iowa House: the Public Safety, Judiciary and Transportation.

Ahlgrens

Ahlgrens was a Swedish confectionery company. It was started by Fredrik Ahlgren in the town of Gävle in 1885 as a store that sold paint and wallpaper. The business later started to also make and sell various types of chemicals, perfumes and other products. In 1908, the business introduced a brand of mouthwash called Läkerol. The next year, pastille started to be sold under the same brand, and is still sold in multiple countries in several variants. 

In 1993, the Finnish company Huhtamäki bought Ahlgrens, then quickly rebranded all products by Ahlgrens to Leaf, except for Ahlgrens bilar.

Ahlgrens bilar (Swedish for "Ahlgren's Cars") is the best known product by Ahlgrens. They are small marshmallows in the shape of cars, which have been sold since 1953. They are marketed as 'Sveriges mest köpta bil' (Swedish for "Sweden's most bought car"), which might technically be correct because of the total number of marshmallows in the shape of cars that are sold. Ahlgrens bilar are so popular in Sweden that some stores that are designed to cater for tourists and residents from Sweden in other countries have started to also sell them.

Other car-related and road-related products are sold as Ahlgrens bilar, including liquorice car tyres, travel trailers and sour road signs. Out of the sour road signs, tourists from Germany specifically enjoy the elk warning signs.


Freshwater crocodile

The freshwater crocodile ("Crocodylus johnstoni" or "Crocodylus johnsoni"), is a type of crocodile that only lives in the northern regions of Australia. Freshwater crocodiles do not attack humans. But, sometimes they will bite to protect themselves or can sometimes mistake humans for food.

Males can grow as long as 2.3–3 m (7.5–9.8 ft). Females can grow as long as 2.1 m (6.9 ft). Males usually weigh about 70 kg (150 lb). Big ones can weigh about 100 kg (220 lb) or more. Females can weigh about 40 kg (88 lb). Freshwater crocodiles are very shy animals. Along with a slender snout, their teeth are smaller than the dangerous saltwater crocodile.

Freshwater crocodiles live in the states of Western Australia, Queensland, and the Northern Territory. Freshwater crocodiles live in many habitats in Australia. They include: freshwater wetlands, billabongs, rivers and creeks. Freshwater crocodiles can live in places where saltwater crocodiles can not.

Mahdi Gulaid

Mahdi Mohammed Gulaid "Khadar" (, ) is a Somali politician and diplomat. He was the Prime Minister of Somalia, from 25 July 2020 to 23 September 2020. Farmaajo has a close relationship with his prime minister Mahdi Gulaid.

Majeerteen

Majeerteen is a tribe in northeast Somalia. Majeerteen borders Warsangeli and reer darawiish to the west. On its south are Lailkase and the Habar Gidir. 

New Guinea crocodile

The New Guinea crocodile ("Crocodylus novaeguineae") is a type of crocodile. It lives on the island of New Guinea. The habitat of the New Guinea crocodile is mostly freshwater swamps and lakes. It is very active at night when it feeds on fish and other small animals. 

A female crocodile lays a clutch of eggs in a nest made of different plants. The female crocodile stays close to guard the nest. 

This crocodile was over-hunted for its skin in the middle of the 20th century, but because of conservation it no longer an endangered species. It is reared in ranches.

Lucky Lady

Lucky Lady is a 1975 American adventure comedy drama movie directed by Stanley Donen and starring Gene Hackman, Liza Minnelli, Burt Reynolds, Robby Benson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 1 Golden Globe in 1976.


The Grass Is Greener

The Grass Is Greener is a 1960 British romantic comedy movie directed by Stanley Donen and starring Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Robert Mitchum, Jean Simmons. The movie is based on the 1956 play of the same name written by Hugh Williams and Margaret Vyner and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Morelet's crocodile

Morelet's crocodile ("Crocodylus moreletii"), also known as the Mexican crocodile, is a type of crocodile. It only lives in the fresh waters of the Atlantic regions of Mexico, Belize and Guatemala. It usually grows to about 3 metres (9.8 ft) in length. It is not necessarily among the critically endangered species.

Petunia Pig

Petunia Pig is an animated fictional character under the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series of cartoons from Warner Bros. She looks quite a bit like her significant other, the Porky Pig. But she wears braids and a dress.

Petunia was introduced by the animator Frank Tashlin in the 1937 short "Porky's Romance". The movie is a parody of a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon called "Mickey's Nightmare", except Mickey Mouse marries his long-time girlfriend Minnie Mouse in that movie. Porky's overtures toward Petunia bring him only the scornful laughs of his lover pig. 

Tashlin adopted Petunia as a regular member of Porky's crew. He (Tashlin) showed her in two more cartoons: "The Case of the Stuttering Pig" and "Porky's Double Trouble".

As Porky's being popular was overshadowed in the late 1930s and 1940s by other characters, such as Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny, he himself was reduced to a supporting player under new Merrie Melodies and Looney Tunes shorts. Petunia, only a bit player to Porky's lead, fared worse.

But later, Petunia made appearances in other specials, like "Bugs Bunny's Christmas Carol".

The regular adult Petunia was a guest star under DC Comics' "Looney Tunes"' comic book and in the official "Looney Tunes" website.

Petunia also appears in "Looney Tunes Cartoons". Her first showing in the series was presented in the piece "Happy Birthday, Bugs Bunny".

Kaffrine Region

Kaffrine is a region in the center of Senegal. The regional capital is Kaffrine.

As of the 2013 census, 544,011 people lived there. It has an area of .

It was created in 2008.

There are four départements:

Siamese crocodile

The Siamese crocodile ("Crocodylus siamensis") is a type of freshwater crocodile. It lives in Indonesia (Borneo and possibly Java), Brunei, East Malaysia, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam. The Siamese crocodile is critically endangered. It has already disappeared from many regions.

Kaolack Region

Kaolack is a region in the west of Senegal. The regional capital is Kaolack. It borders Gambia.

As of the 2013 census, 918,355 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Granny (Looney Tunes)

Emma Webster, also known as Granny, is an animated fictional character under Warner Bros.' "Merrie Melodies" and "Looney Tunes" animated shorts of the 1950s and 1960s. She is the owner of Tweety, Hector the Bulldog and Sylvester the Cat.

Granny is a good-natured widowed woman. She is highly protective of her beloved canary, Tweety. Granny's being overprotective becomes known when Tweety is threatened, usually by Sylvester. She has the appearance of a kindly old woman, although she has shown her cleverness in many cartoons.

The idea of Granny began under the "Little Red Riding Hood" character. She first appeared as such in the 1937 animated short "Little Red Waking Hood". Further appearances of a similar granny included "The Cagey Canary" (1941), "Hiss and Make Up" (1943) and "Hare Force" (1944).

Although Granny was always shown with her animal companions, she was sometimes shown "without" them. For instance, in the 1953 short "Hare Trimmed", she played a rich widow who was being fought over by two men, Yosemite Sam and Bugs Bunny. The latter was out to stop the earlier's evil plan to marry her and then get her money. Sam called her Emma and then Emmy.

Granny made appearances in many other cartoons.

West African crocodile

The West African crocodile or desert crocodile ("Crocodylus suchus") is a species of crocodile. 

The West African crocodile lives in West and Central Africa. From the east to South Sudan and Uganda, and south of Democratic Republic of the Congo. 

Other countries where they live include Mauritania, Benin, Liberia, Guinea-Bissau, Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon, Chad, Sierra Leone, Central African Republic, Equatorial Guinea, Senegal, Mali, Guinea, Gambia, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Gabon, Togo, Ivory Coast and Republic of Congo.

NGC 4587

NGC 4587 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation. It is about 10,000 light-years away.

Stratford, Texas

Stratford is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Stinnett, Texas

Stinnett is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Hutchinson County.

Fritch, Texas

Fritch is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Sunray, Texas

Sunray is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bath County, Virginia

Bath County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 4,209 people lived there. Its county seat is Warm Springs.

Cape York graceful tree frog

The Cape York graceful tree frog ("Ranoidea bella") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives on Cape York in Queensland.

This frog lives in rainforests with a monsoon climate and it likes areas with many vines close to water. The male frog has a call that sounds like a screech.

This frog has a green back and a yellow belly and orange feet. It has some purple coloring on its legs.

Scientists say this frog is closely related to "Ranoidea gracilenta" and even more closely related to "Ranoidea auae." It looks so much like "Ranoidea gracilenta" that scientists used to think the two types of frog were the same species. The Cape York graceful tree frog was recognized as its own species in 2016.

Jesse Jackson Jr.

Jesse Louis Jackson Jr. (born March 11, 1965) is a former American politician. He was a Democratic Congressman. He represented Illinois' 2nd conressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to his resigning in 2012. Jackson Jr. is the son of activist and former Presidential candidate Jesse Jackson.

Prior to his career in office, Jackson Jr. worked for his father in both the 1984 presidential campaign and his social justice, civil rights and political activism network, Operation PUSH.

Jackson Jr. was a national co-chairman of the Barack Obama 2008 presidential campaign.

Modified starch

Modified starch, also known as starch derivative, is starch that has been changed to have certain properties. Common properties are the starch being stable when exposed to heat or to acid, or higher reaction to frosting and defrosting. Modified starch is a food additive. It is only declared as such if it has been changed chemically. Food additives E1400 to E1451 are modified starch.

Focaccia

Focaccia ( [foˈkattʃa]; Ligurian: "fugassa" [fyˈɡassa]) is a type of flatbread. It is cooked in the oven. Its style and texture is similar to the pizza dough. Focaccia may be used as a side to many meals. It can also be used as a base for sandwich bread. 



Tilden, Texas

Tilden is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Tulia, Texas

Tulia is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Van Horn, Texas

Van Horn is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Vernon, Texas

Vernon is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Woodville, Texas

Woodville is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Tyler County.

Chester, Texas

Chester is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Laguna Seca, Texas

Laguna Seca is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Premont, Texas

Premont is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rumilly-lès-Vaudes

Rumilly-lès-Vaudes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Ruvigny

Ruvigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Abdim's stork

The Abdim's stork ("Ciconia abdimii"), also called the white-bellied stork, is a type of stork.

The Abdim's stork is a black stork with grey legs, red knees and feet, grey bill and white underparts. It has red skin on the face in front of the eye and blue skin near the bill in breeding season. It is the smallest species of stork. It only grows about 73 cm (29 in) long. It has a weight of just over 1 kg (2.2 lbs).

The Abdim's stork lives in open habitats across Eastern Africa, from Ethiopia to South Africa. This stork has escaped or have been released into Florida, USA. There is no evidence that they are reproducing in Florida.

The Abdim's stork is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.

African openbill

The African openbill ("Anastomus lamelligerus") is a type of stork in the family Ciconiidae. It is native to large parts of sub-Saharan Africa.

The African openbill grows as long as 80–94 cm. It weighs about 1–1.3 kg. Its adult feathers is generally dark, with glossy green, brown, and purple on the mantle and breast. The bill is brownish and large. The legs are black and the eye is grey. The juvenile feathers are more dull and brown, with areas of pale feather tips.

Lombardi's Pizza

Lombardi's is a pizzeria in the United States. It was opened in 1905. It is located in Manhattan, New York City. It is on the Pizza Hall of Fame as the first pizzeria in the United States. 

Gennaro Lombardi, later known as the man who brought pizza to America, started the business in 1897. It was still a grocery store at 53½ Spring Street. It began selling tomato pies wrapped in paper. They used to deliver it during lunchtime to workers from factories in the area. In 1905, Lombardi received a business license to operate a pizza restaurant. He later passed the business on to his son, George.

Lake Dallas, Texas

Lake Dallas is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Little Elm, Texas

Little Elm is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Little Elm has a total area of 22 square miles.

Anton, Texas

Anton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ropesville, Texas

Ropesville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Sundown, Texas

Sundown is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Iowa Park, Texas

Iowa Park is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 6,535 at the 2020 census.

Kemah, Texas

Kemah is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Von Ormy, Texas

Von Ormy is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Cibolo, Texas

Cibolo is a city in Guadalupe County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 32,276 people lived there.

New Berlin, Texas

New Berlin is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Balcones Heights, Texas

Balcones Heights is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

China Grove, Texas

China Grove is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Grey Forest, Texas

Grey Forest is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Cross Mountain, Texas

Cross Mountain is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas.

Agua Dulce, Nueces County, Texas

Agua Dulce is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is located on the Texas Mexican Railway at the intersection of Farm Road 70 and State Highway 44 in west-central Nueces County. It is named after the local creek of the same name, Agua Dulce is "sweet water" in Spanish.
Founded sometime prior to 1900, a post office was granted in 1908 and the Agua Dulce Independent School District was founded two years later. The population of Agua Dulce was 100 in 1914. The school system merged with Bentonville about the time that the first seismographic survey in Nueces County was being conducted. This resulted in a minor oil boom with gas and oil wells developed. During WWII the population increased from 200 to 750. It has remained more or less at that level ever since.

Aransas Pass, Texas

Aransas Pass is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Beauchamps, Somme

Beauchamps is a commune. It is in the region Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in the north of France.

Mathis, Texas

Mathis is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Asian openbill

The Asian openbill or Asian openbill stork ("Anastomus oscitans") is a large bird in the stork family Ciconiidae. This stork lives in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia.

The Asian openbill stork is mostly greyish (non-breeding season) or white (breeding season) with glossy black wings and tail that have a green or purple sheen.

NGC 717

NGC 717 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Andromeda. Bindon Blood Stoney found the galaxy on October 28, 1850.

Plastic bag

A plastic bag is a type of container. It is made of thin, flexible, plastic film, nonwoven fabric, or plastic textile. Plastic bags are used for containing and transporting goods such as foods, produce, powders, ice, magazines, chemicals, and waste. It is a common type of packaging.

The Delinquents (1957 movie)

The Delinquents is a 1957 American drama movie directed by first time director Robert Altman and starring Tom Laughlin, Peter Miller, Richard Bakalyan, Rosemary Howard. It was distributed by United Artists.


Plastic film

A plastic film is a thin continuous plastic material. Thicker plastic material is often called a "sheet". Plastic films have a wide variety of uses. These include: packaging, plastic bags, labels, building construction, landscaping, electrical fabrication, photographic film, film stock for movies, video tape, etc.

Almost all plastics can be formed into a thin film. Some of the primary ones are:

Touch Me Not

Touch Me Not is a 2018 internationally co-produced drama movie. It was screened in the main competition under the 68th Berlin International Film Festival. It won the Golden Bear Award. The movie mixes fiction and documentary.

"Touch Me Not" is rated NC-17 because of explicit sex.

Under Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a rating of 58% with 33 reviews. Under Metacritic, the movie has a rating of 65 out of 100, meaning "generally favorable reviews".


Baruch Dov Povarsky

Rabbi Baruch Dov Povarsky (born August 17, 1931) is a Haredi rabbi who lives in Israel. He is the rosh yeshiva of the Ponevezh Yeshiva, which is located in the Israeli city of Bnei Brak. 

Rabbi Povarsky was born in the city of Kletsk in the Second Polish Republic; his father was Rabbi Dovid Povarsky. When he was three months old, he and his family moved to the city of Baranavichy, which was in the same country; this was because his father was becoming a teacher in the yeshiva of Rabbi Elchonon Wasserman. When he was ten years old, his entire family moved to Mandatory Palestine (present-day Israel), where he attended several schools before joining the Ponovezh Yeshiva, the school where his father was appointed rosh yeshiva. At that point, Baruch Dov was still a student. In 1954, after he got married, he became a teacher in the yeshiva, and later he became the rosh yeshiva.

Women who have sex with women

Women who have sex with women (WSW) are women who engage in sexual activities with other women. They may be lesbian, heterosexual or bisexual. They may not at all have "any" sexual identity. The term WSW is used often in medical literature to describe such women in a clinical study.

Lesbians are less likely than heterosexual or bisexual women to get screened for cervical cancer. Some are refused medical screenings by medical professionals. 

The lower rate of lesbians tested by regular pap smears makes it more difficult to detect cervical cancer at early stages in these women. The risk factors for developing ovarian cancer rates are higher in lesbian women.

Many doctors find woman-to-woman sex to have negligible risk for sexually transmitted infections (STIs). The doctors fail to offer any information on prevention of STI transmission for sex between two females. Lesbians have a lower rate of getting STIs than heterosexual or bisexual women, although the risk still exists.

Dental dams, sex toys and cling wraps are often used as protection when one woman has sex with another woman.

Men who have sex with men

Yisrael Meir Kagan

Rabbi Yisrael Meir Kagan (January 26, 1838 – September 15, 1933) was a rabbi in Eastern Europe who was known as the leader of of Orthodox Jewry. He also wrote very famous books, including "Sefer Chofetz Chaim", and therefore, he is usually referred to as the Chofetz Chaim. He is also famous for being the rosh yeshiva of the Radin Yeshiva.

Rabbi Kagan was born on January 26, 1838 in Dzyatlava, a town that was in those days part of the Russian Empire (nowadays in Belarus). His parents were Rabbi Aryeh Zev and Dobrusha Kagan. When he was nine years old, his father brought him to Vilnius to study in the yeshiva that Rabbi Chaim Nachman Parnes ran. His father was a teacher in the yeshiva as well. Rabbi Kagan's father died when he was eleven years old. His mother married a second husband, whose name was R' Shimon, and their family moved to Radun where R' Shimon came from. Rabbi Kagan married R' Shimon's daughter, whose name was Freida.

In 1869, Rabbi Kagan opened up a yeshiva in Radun, Belarus that became known as the Radin Yeshiva, and was sometimes also called "Yeshivas Chofetz Chaim", since Rabbi Kagan, who opened it, was called "the Chofetz Chaim". In the 1870s, he wrote the "Sefer Chofetz Chaim", a book that discusses the "halachos" (Jewish laws) about not saying hurtful things. The book was very popular, and nowadays, he's known as the "Chofetz Chaim." In 1907, he completed a six volume series called the "Mishna Berurah", in which he discussed the "halachos" pertaining to Jews' everyday life, Shabbat, and holidays. He became famous to Orthodox Jews and many people came to visit him for blessings; he was considered the leader of Orthodox Jewry. He died on September 15, 1933.

Colorado tick fever

Colorado tick fever (CTF) is a viral infection (Coltivirus) transmitted from the bite of an infected Rocky Mountain wood tick ("Dermacentor andersoni"). It should not be confused with the bacterial tick-borne infection, Rocky Mountain spotted fever. CTF is transmitted to humans most commonly by the bite of an infected adult wood tick, and while there is no evidence of natural person-to-person transmission, rare cases of transmission by blood transfusion have been reported. In general, adult ticks are approximately the size of a sesame seed and nymphal ticks are approximately the size of a poppy seed. The Lyme disease bacterium, "Borrelia burgdorferi", is spread through the bite of infected ticks. Symptoms include:

Arabesque (1966 movie)

Arabesque is a 1966 American spy comedy thriller movie directed by Stanley Donen and is based on the 1961 novel "The Cypher" by Alex Gordon. It stars Gregory Peck, Sophia Loren and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


The Breach (1970 movie)

The Breach is a 1970 French Italian Belgian thriller movie directed by Claude Chabrol (who also stars) and was based on the novel "The Balloon Man" by Charlotte Armstrong. It stars Stéphane Audran, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Michel Bouquet, Annie Cordy, Jean-Claude Drouot, Jean Carmet, Catherine Rouvel.


Esther and the King

Esther and the King () is a 1960 American Italian romantic drama movie directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Joan Collins, Richard Egan, Denis O'Dea. Raoul Walsh and Michael Elkins wrote the screenplay, which was based on the Book of Esther of the Hebrew Bible and the Old Testament. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Kédougou Region

Kédougou is a region in the southeast of Senegal. The regional capital is Kédougou. It was created in 2008.

As of the 2013 census, 152,134 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Kolda Region

Kolda is a region in south Senegal. The regional capital is Kolda.

As of the 2013 census, 633,652 people lived there. Its area is .

There are three départements:

Matam Region

Matam is a region in the nordeast of Senegal. The regional capital is Matam.

As of the 2013 census, 541,032 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Jerome Kern

Jerome Kern was an American songwriter. He was born in New York City on January 27, 1885 and died in New York City on November 11, 1945 at the age of 60.

Jerome Kern is often called the father of American musical theater. Kern is remembered for the hundreds of songs he wrote for musical plays and movies. Music historians say that Kern gave artistic importance to American popular music for the first time. And, they say, he led the development of the first truly American theater music.

Jerome Kern was born into a middle-class family in New York City in 1885. Jerome’s mother, Fanny, loved the piano. She began to teach Jerome how to play when he was very young. He became a fair piano player but not so good that anyone expected him to become a great musician.

Jerome was a quiet boy and not a top student. When he completed high school, his father said he would have to work in the family’s store. Mister Kern said his son could never make money writing music. But he later came to believe that Jerome might do better in music than in business after all. So he let the boy go to Europe to study music, as almost all serious young musicians did at the time.

Jerome Kern began his career as a songwriter in theaters in London and New York City. Success came quickly. By the early 1920s, Kern was a successful young composer for Broadway musical comedies. In one three-year period alone, he wrote music for 19 shows.

Other people wrote the words for Kern's songs. Kern wrote only the music. And he worked with each song until he was satisfied that the music was perfect. He almost never changed his music to fit the words. One of Kern's best-loved songs is "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes", sung by Dinah Washington.

Although Kern's songs are easy to remember after hearing a few times, they are not simple. His melodies -- the musical line of the song -- are always inventive, even demanding. An example of his inventiveness is the song "All the Things You Are". Several composers say they consider it the greatest song ever written. Singers continue to like Kern songs because they can be sung in many different ways. The melody remains the same. But different singers can change the feeling of the song completely.

Jerome Kern once said he was trying to bring modern art to music. One critic wrote this about his music: Kern's songs are like black and white drawings. They need no color, no decoration. A Kern song is always in balance, perfect in form and pleasing in design. Here is an example, "Why Do I Love You?" played by Andre Previn and friends.

All but one of Kern's songs were written for musical plays. American musical plays at that time were still usually copied from European ones. Often the stories seemed foolish and the people in them did not seem real. Songs and dances often had no connection to the story.

Kern wanted to try something completely new. He thought a musical play should be a real work of art, not just a collection of songs and dances. He thought songs should help move the action of the play along, by showing a person's feelings. Kern wanted to do a truly American musical, with real American characters and real situations.

In 1927, he found the story he wanted. It was the book "Show Boat" by American writer Edna Ferber. "Show Boat" takes place in the 1818s on a passenger steam boat that travels along the Mississippi River. The boat is called a show boat because singers and dancers entertain the passengers. The captain of the show boat has a daughter who is a singer on the boat. She falls in love with a man who earns his money by gambling with cards.

The story dealt with some unusually serious issues for a musical. It showed the hard lives of African-Americans in the South. And it showed marriage between people of different races, which was against the law at that time. Although serious in places, "Show Boat" was not a tragedy.

The public and critics loved it. "Show Boat" became the greatest work of American musical theater. Music critics said Kern's effect on musical theater was revolutionary. It was Kern's music that made the show a great success. Perhaps his most famous song was written for "Show Boat." It is called "Ol' Man River".

It is about what life was like for black people who worked along the Mississippi River. Edna Ferber later remembered her excitement when Kern first played the melody for her. She said her hair stood up, and tears came to her eyes. Paul Robeson sang the song.




Saint-Louis Region

Saint-Louis is a region in the north of Senegal. The regional capital is Saint-Louis. It is on the border with Mauritania.

As of the 2013 census, 870,629 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Sédhiou Region

Sédhiou is a region in the southwest of Senegal. The regional capital is Sédhiou. It was created in 2008.

As of the 2013 census, 434,877 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Tambacounda Region

Tambacounda is a region in the southeast of Senegal. The regional capital is Tambacounda.

As of the 2013 census, 681,310 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are four départements:

Thiès Region

Thiès is a region in the west of Senegal. The regional capital is Thiès.

As of the 2013 census, 1,709,112 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

Ziguinchor Region

Ziguinchor is a region in the south of Senegal. The regional capital is Ziguinchor.

As of the 2013 census, 523,840 people lived there. It has an area of .

There are three départements:

The Heiresses (2018 movie)

The Heiresses () is a 2018 Paraguayan French German Norwegian Brazilian Uruguayan Italian drama movie directed by Marcelo Martinessi and stars Ana Brun, Margarita Irún, Ana Ivanova, María Martins, Alicia Guerra, Yverá Zayas.

Bedford County, Virginia

Bedford County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 79,462 people lived there. Its county seat is Bedford.

Bland County, Virginia

Bland County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 6,270 people lived there. Its county seat is Bland.

Botetourt County, Virginia

Botetourt County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 33,596 people lived there. Its county seat is Fincastle.

Warm Springs, Virginia

Warm Springs is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia.

What a Waste

"What a Waste" is a song and single by Ian Dury and the Blockheads, originally released in 1978 on the Stiff Records single BUY 27 "What a Waste" / "Wake Up and Make Love with Me". The song has remained in The Blockheads' set following Dury's death.


Plankinton, South Dakota

Plankinton is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Aurora County.

Martin, South Dakota

Martin is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Bennett County.

Tyndall, South Dakota

Tyndall is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Bon Homme County.

Gann Valley, South Dakota

Gann Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Buffalo County.

Belle Fourche, South Dakota

Belle Fourche is a city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It is the county seat of Butte County.

Ocilla, Georgia

Ocilla is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Irwin County.

7 Boxes

7 Boxes () is a 2012 Paraguayan thriller movie directed by Juan Carlos Maneglia and Tana Schémbori. It stars Celso Franco, Víctor Sosa and Lali González.


It Must Be Heaven

It Must Be Heaven is a 2019 comedy movie directed by Elia Suleiman (who also stars). It stars Ali Suliman, François Girard, Gael García Bernal, Nancy Grant, Guy Sprung, Kwasi Songui and Stephen McHattie.

From Afar

From Afar () is a 2015 Venezuelan Mexican drama movie directed by Lorenzo Vigas and starring Alfredo Castro, Luis Silva, Jericó Montilla, Catherina Cardozo, Jorge Luis Bosque, Greymer Acosta, Auffer Camacho. It won the Golden Lion at the Venice International Film Festival in 2015.

Jefferson, Georgia

Jefferson is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

Notzilla

Notzilla is a 2019 American comedy-action fantasy giant monster parody film produced by Creepy Ex-Boyfriend, the film was directed by Mitch Teemley. this film inspired by many japanese monster movies from 1950s'-1970s' itself as a spoof of Godzilla.
in 1962, United Nations and JSDF to kill a monster known as "Notzilla" by a paleontologist named Professor Honda. an monster egg started to hatches Notzilla to started to drink beer and grow another times, escaping Notzilla as a 60 meters tall, for drinking full of beer an tries to rampage on the city.


they the film released in August 18, 2020 in VOD format.

Must Be... Love

Must Be... Love is a 2013 Filipino coming of age romantic comedy movie directed by Dado Lumibao and starring Kathryn Bernardo, Daniel Padilla. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Black Myth:Wukong

Black Myth:Wukong is an Action role-playing game that was made and released by Game Science.

Chasing Papi

Chasing Papi is a 2003 American romantic comedy movie directed by Linda Mendoza and starring Roselyn Sánchez, Sofía Vergara, Jaci Velasquez, Eduardo Verástegui. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Monticello, Georgia

Monticello is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Jasper County.

NGC 4588

NGC 4588 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Virgo constellation. It is about 95,000 light-years away.

Brunswick County, Virginia

Brunswick County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 15,849 people lived there. Its county seat is Lawrenceville.

Gottmadingen

Gottmadingen is a municipality of the district Konstanz in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 2018, 10,656 people lived there.


Genghis Khan (1965 movie)

Genghis Khan is a 1965 British West German Serbian American adventure movie directed by Henry Levin and starring Omar Sharif, Stephen Boyd, James Mason, Eli Wallach, Françoise Dorléac, Telly Savalas, Robert Morley, Yvonne Mitchell, Woody Strode, Kenneth Cope. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Volunteers in Asia

Volunteers in Asia (also known as VIA Programs or VIA) is an American educational non-profit organization. They are based in San Francisco since 1963. They have a close relation with Stanford University.
For Asian students, VIA provides the following programs:


Buchanan County, Virginia

Buchanan County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 20,355 people lived there. Its county seat is Grundy.

Buckingham County, Virginia

Buckingham County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 16,824 people lived there. Its county seat is Buckingham.

Campbell County, Virginia

Campbell County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 55,696 people lived there. Its county seat is Rustburg.

Caroline County, Virginia

Caroline County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 30,887 people lived there. Its county seat is Bowling Green.

Carroll County, Virginia

Carroll County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 29,155 people lived there. Its county seat is Hillsville.

Charles City County, Virginia

Charles City County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 6,773 people lived there. Its county seat is Charles City.

Browndell, Texas

Browndell is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Kirbyville, Texas

Kirbyville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is to the northeast of Houston. Kirbyville is not far from the state border to Louisiana. 

At the 2020 census it had a population of 2,036 people. 

Sharon, Oklahoma

Sharon is a town in Oklahoma in the United States. As of 2020 Census, the town population was 133.

Antelope, South Dakota

Antelope is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Parmelee, South Dakota

Parmelee is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of South Dakota.

Rentiesville, Oklahoma

Rentiesville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Pensacola, Oklahoma

Pensacola is a town in Oklahoma in the United States. It is an small town with only about 101 people living there.


Charlotte County, Virginia

Charlotte County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 11,529 people lived there. Its county seat is Charlotte Court House.

Grasbrunn

Grasbrunn (Central Bavarian: "Grosbrunn") is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Chesterfield County, Virginia

Chesterfield County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 364,548 people lived there. Its county seat is Chesterfield Court House. It was recognized as a county on May 25, 1749.


MSM

MSM may refer to:


Pearl millet

Pearl millet is the most widely grown type of millet. It has been grown since prehistoric times. It was problably domesticated in the Sahel zone of West Africa. Evidence that has been found in what is now northern Mali, suggests that domestication of pearl millet happened there between 2500 and 2000 BC. It was then cultivated more widely. There is evidence that around 2000 BC; there was cultivated pearl millet on the Indian subcontinent. It probably reached the south of India around 1500 BC. Cultivation also spread in Africa. Today, it is widely grown in the northern parts of Nigeria. It is easy to grow, and adapted to harsh weather conditions such as drought, and floods. It was introduced to the United States in the 1850s, and to Brazil in the 1960s.

Yellow-billed stork

The yellow-billed stork ("Mycteria ibis") is a large type of African stork in the Ciconiidae family. It lives in regions south of the Sahara and Madagascar.

1886 Charleston earthquake

The 1886 Charleston earthquake took place around 9:50 pm local time on August 31 with an estimated moment magnitude between 6.9 and 7.3. The quake caused 60 deaths and damage between five and six million dollars to just over 2,000 buildings in the Southeastern United States. At the time, about 49.000 people lived in Charleston. Before the earthquake, there had been very little or no historical earthquake activity in the Charleston, South Carolina area. That is unusual. As of 2020, the reasons for the earthquake are not fully known.

The shock was felt as far away as Boston, Massachusetts, as far northwest as Chicago, Illinois and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as far west as New Orleans, Louisiana and as far south as Cuba. 

Within Charleston, almost all the buildings were damaged. Most were demolished and rebuilt.

Earthqake bolts (anchor plates) were added to unreinforced masonry buildings to add support to the structure without having to demolish the building due to instability. The bolts pass through existing masonry walls tying the walls on opposite sides together for stability. 

Efren Reyes

Efren Manalang Reyes, (born August 26, 1954), is a Filipino pool player. A winner of over 70 events, Reyes was the first player to win world championships in two types of pool. Reyes is a four-time World Eight-ball Champion, the nine-ball world champion in 1999, a two-time World Cup champion, a three-time US Open winner, a two-time World Pool League winner and a 13-time Derby City Classic winner – including an unprecedented five Master of the Table crowns. By defeating Earl Strickland in 1997, Reyes won the largest amount ever for one match -$100k. 

Lynn Bari

Lynn Bari (born Margaret Schuyler Fisher; December 18, 1913 – November 20, 1989) was a movie actress. She played sultry and statuesque man-killers in about 150 20th Century Fox movies from the 1930s to 1940s.

In most of her early movies, Bari often played as chorus girls or receptionists. She could hardly find starring roles in movies. Rare leading roles were "China Girl" (1942) and "The Spiritualist" (1948).

During World War II, Bari was the second most-popular pin-up girl; Betty Grable was the first.

Bari's movie career died out in the 1950s as she approached her 40th birthday. However, she continued working at a limited pace. She played matronly characters instead of temptresses.

Bari quickly took up the medium of rising television in the 1950s. In 1950, she acted in the live sitcom "Detective's Wife".

Bari was born near Roanoke, Virginia. She died of a heart attack in Santa Monica, California at age 75.

48 Hours (TV series)

48 Hours is an American documentary/news magazine television show broadcast on the CBS network since January 19, 1988 in the United States. The show airs on Saturdays at 10:00 p.m. Eastern and Pacific Time. The show was all about crime documentaries. It showed events within a 48-hour time span.

The Amazing Race (U.S. TV series)

The Amazing Race is an American adventure reality game show on CBS since 2001.

Sayid

Sayid may refer to:


Seydi

Seydi or Sayidi is a village in Jam Rural, which is a rural district in Iran.

Kathleen Kennedy Townsend

Kathleen Kennedy Townsend (born July 4, 1951) is an American lawyer. She was the sixth Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 1995 to 2003. She was unsuccessful in her run for Governor of Maryland in 2002. Kennedy Townsend worked for state government of Maryland, including Attorney General.

In 2010 Kennedy Townsend became the chair of the non-profit American Bridge, an organization which raises funds for Democratic candidates and causes. She is a member of the prominent Kennedy family.

Kennedy Townsend's father is the assassinated Robert F. Kennedy. Her father was killed in 1968.

Contempt (movie)

Contempt () is a 1963 French Italian drama movie written and directed by Jean-Luc Godard (who also stars) and based on the 1954 novel "Il disprezzo" ("A Ghost at Noon") by Alberto Moravia. Actors include Brigitte Bardot, Jack Palance, Fritz Lang, Giorgia Moll, Michel Piccoli, Raoul Coutard.


In the Court of the Crimson King

In the Court of the Crimson King is the debut studio album by English rock band King Crimson. The album was released on 10 October 1969.

Sheila Jackson Lee

Sheila Jackson Lee (born January 12, 1950) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for Texas' 18th congressional district. She began her longtime career in the House in 1995. The district includes Greater Houston. She is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party.

She was born in New York City, but her political career began in Houston, Texas.

Jackson Lee first became a member of the Houston City Council in 1990. She was so until 1994. 

Jackson Lee is active on immigration issues. She has proposed increasing border security and increasing legalization for "illegal" immigrants living in the United States. She also supports LGBT rights.

In March 2023, Jackson Lee announced that she would run for mayor of Houston in the 2023 election. In November 2023, she advanced to a runoff with State Senator John Whitmire. She lost the runoff on December 9, 2023.

Austrian Americans

Austrian Americans are Americans whose family came from Austria, mainly German-speaking Catholics and Jews.

Week End (1967 movie)

Weekend () is a 1967 French Italian black comedy movie directed by Jean-Luc Godard and starring Mireille Darc, Jean Yanne, Yves Afonso, Juliet Berto, Paul Gégauff, Jean-Pierre Léaud. It was distributed by Athos Films.

Moonlighting

Moonlighting may refer to:



GSTIN

GSTIN stands for Goods and Services Tax Identification Number in India. It is registration number of a person who have registered in GST. Registration is mandatory in many cases. e.g. When a person crosses the Threshold limit of Turnover. If a person makes an inter-state supply of goods. In case of CTP, NRTP, ISD, E-commerce portal liable to deduct TCN in India. They all are liable for registration and to take GSTIN. It is made by the PAN And the state code digits. The configuration of a GSTIN is like this. 

06AADCV1460H1ZI where the PAN is AADCV1460H. It is available online on GST portal. One can apply with all the required documents. In a recent development via Notification No. 62/2020–Central Tax , AADHAR verification is mandatory for GSTIN. If AADHAR verification is not possible for the applicant, GSTIN will be released only on Physical verification of place of business.

Short-footed frog

The short-footed frog, savannah water-holding frog, blotched water-holding frog, or superb collared frog ("Ranoidea brevipes") is a frog from northern Australia. It lives in Queensland.

This frog is between 3.0 and 6.0 cm in length. Its feet are not always webbed. It has spots or stripes on its back.

This frog lives in grasslands and forests where the trees are not too close together. When the weather is rainy, this frog looks for food. When the weather is dry, the frog digs a burrow and stays underground.

The tadpoles grow into frogs quickly.

Wajib (movie)

Wajib ( "Wājib", "Duty") is a 2017 Palestinian French Colombian German United Arab Emirates Qatari Norwegian drama movie directed by Annamarie Jacir and starring Mohammad Bakri, Saleh Bakri, Maria Zreik.

Stephanus of Byzantium

Stephenus or Stephan of Byzantium (; , "Stéphanos Byzántios"; centuryAD), was the author of an important geographical dictionary called "Ethnica" (). The details of his life are unknown.

Tony Hadley

Tony Hadley (born Anthony Patrick Hadley; 2 June 1960) is an English singer, actor and radio presenter best known for being the lead singer of the new wave band Spandau Ballet. In 2010, he appeared in the non-canon special, as the 1983 counterpart of himself. The song "Gold" by Spandau Ballet also appeared in the episode.

Hadley awarded Member of Order of the British Empire () in the New Years Honours for charitable services to Shooting Star Chase Children's Hospice Care in 2019.

Orinoco crocodile

The Orinoco crocodile ("Crocodylus intermedius") is a critically endangered crocodile. Its population is small. It only lives in the Orinoco river and its tributaries. It was hunted for its skin in the 19th and 20th centuries. This species is one of the most critically endangered crocodiles. 

It is a large crocodile. In the past, males have been reported up to 6.8 m (22 ft 4 in) in length. Today, males do not grow up to such sizes. 5.2 m (17 ft 1 in) is the maximum size. A big male today may reach 4.1 m (13 ft 5 in) in length and can weigh 380 kg (840 lb). Females are smaller with the biggest likely to weigh around 225 kg (496 lb).

African golden wolf

The African golden wolf ("Canis anthus") is a canine. It usually lives in North Africa and the Horn of Africa. There are many of them in Senegal, Nigeria, Chad, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Kenya and Egypt, and in Tanzania. It is considered a Least Concern species.

In the Atlas Mountains, it was seen in altitudes as high as 1,800 m (5,900 ft). It is mostly a predator. It usually eats invertebrates and mammals as large as gazelle fawns, though larger animals are also sometimes eaten. Its diet also includes dead animals, rubbish, and fruit. The African golden wolf does not like other African golden wolves going or entering their areas. The young ones often remain with the family to help in raising their parents' younger pups.

The African golden wolf has long snouts and ears. It also has a short tail. The tail is 20 cm long. The color of the fur depends on the season and where they live. They usually have yellowish to silvery grey fur. They also have almost reddish legs. The throat, abdomen and face are usually white, and the eyes are amber-colored.

In West Africa, the African golden wolf mostly eats small prey. They include: hares, rats, ground squirrels and cane rats, lizards, snakes, and birds that build their nests on the ground, like francolins and bustards. The African golden wolf eats a lot of insects, like dung beetles, larvae, termites and grasshoppers. It will also kill young gazelles, duikers and warthogs. In East Africa, it eats invertebrates and fruit. It also eats other animals like, rodents, lizards, snakes, birds, hares and Thomson's gazelles.

Bhagirathi-Hooghly River

Hooghly River or the Bhagirathi-Hooghly is the distributary of the Ganges River in West Bengal. Hooghly River or the Bhagirathi-Hooghly is an approximately 260 kilometers long distributary of the Ganges River in West Bengal. The river divides from the Ganges as a canal in district at the .

Order of Merit of the Italian Republic

The badge, modified in 2001, bears the inscription "Al Merito della Repubblica" encircling the national coat of arms on the obverse and the Latin "Patriæ Unitati" (for the union of the country) and "Civium Libertati" (for the liberty of the citizens) encircling the head of Italia Turrita on the reverse. The six degrees with corresponding ribbons are as follows (with numbers to 2 June 2020):
The order is bestowed by decree of the President of the Italian Republic, as head of the orders of knighthood, on the recommendation of the President of the Council of Ministers. Except in exceptional circumstances, no one can be awarded for the first time a rank higher than Knight. The minimum age requirement is normally 35.

The Knight Grand Cross with Collar is awarded only to heads of state.

Black-backed jackal

The black-backed jackal ("Canis mesomelas" or "Lupulella mesomelas") is a canine that comes from eastern and southern Africa.

The black-backed jackal lives in South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe, Kenya, Somalia, Djibouti, Eritrea, and Ethiopia. It is a least concern species. It is still killed because, it attacks farm animals and it carries rabies.

Ethiopian wolf

The Ethiopian wolf ("Canis simensis"), is a canid native to the Ethiopian Highlands. It is also known as the Simien jackal or Simien fox. It is similar to the coyote in size. It has a long and narrow skull, and red and white fur. The Ethopian wolf only eats Afroalpine rodents. It only lives in mountain ranges and high altitudes. It is one of the world's rarest canids. It is Africa's most endangered carnivore.

The Ethiopian wolf is threatened by increasing human populations, habitat loss through overgrazing, disease and interbreeding from dogs.

Ghost Hunting (movie)

Ghost Hunting is a 2017 Palestinian documentary movie directed by Raed Andoni and starring Ramzi Maqdisi.

Side-striped jackal

The side-striped jackal ("Canis adustus" or "Lupulella adusta") is a canine that comes from central and southern Africa. The side-striped jackal mostly lives in woodland and scrub areas.

Seijo Gakuen Junior High School and High School

They are famous for having various club activities such as tennis. They are also known as the winning school of the national high school tennis championship. 



Crab-eating fox

The crab-eating fox ("Cerdocyon thous") is an type of canid. It is also known as the forest fox, wood fox, bushdog or maikong, It only lives in the central part of South America.

The crab-eating fox lives in different habitats such as savannas, woodlands, subtropical forests, prickly, shrubby thickets; and tropical savannas. It lives in Colombia and southern Venezuela, Uruguay and northern Argentina at the southernmost reaches of its range.

Its habitat also includes wooded riverbanks such as riparian forest. They live in every habitat in South America except rainforests, high mountains, and open grassy savannas.

Maned wolf

The maned wolf ("Chrysocyon brachyurus") is the largest canid of South America. Its markings are like those of foxes, but it is not a fox or a wolf. It is the only type in the genus Chrysocyon, which means "golden dog".

The maned wolf has long, thin legs and thick reddish fur. The maned wolf is an omnivore. It has an important job in the seed dispersal of fruits, especially the wolf apple. The maned wolf usually lives alone. It communicates with other maned wolves by giving a loud call known as "roar-barking".

The maned wolf lives in open and semi open habitats, especially in grasslands. It lives in south, central-west, and southeastern Brazil, Paraguay, northern Argentina, and Bolivia, southeastern Peru. It is very rare in Uruguay. It is a near threatened species.

Culpeo

The culpeo ("Lycalopex culpaeus"), is a type of South American fox. It is the second-largest native canid in South America. It has grey and reddish fur, a white chin, reddish legs and a stripe on its back.

The culpeo eats rodents, rabbits, birds and lizards. It also eats a little bit of plants and carrion. The culpeo attack sheep sometimes and is therefore hunted or poisoned. In some places, the culpeo is rare, but overall the species is not threatened with extinction.

Darwin's fox

The Darwin's fox or Darwin's zorro ("Lycalopex fulvipes") is a type of canid from the genus Lycalopex. It lives in Nahuelbuta National Park in the Araucanía Region, the Valdivian Coastal Range in the Los Ríos Region in Chile and Chiloé Island. It weighs 1.8 to 3.95 kg (4.0 to 8.7 lb). Its tail is 17.5 to 25.5 cm (7 to 10 in) long.

Brongersma's tree frog

Brongersma's tree frog ("Ranoidea brongersmai") is a tree frog from Indonesia. It has only been found in the Snow Mountains.

Heel spur

A heel spur is a bony growth that develops around the heel bone, often caused by ill-fitting shoes, and sometimes causing pain. It is called a calcaneal spur in medical terms.

Common ground dove

The common ground dove ("Columbina passerina") is a small bird that lives in the southern United States, parts of Central America, the Caribbean and northern South America. It is thought to be the smallest dove that lives in the United States.

Cathedral of Quito

The Metropolitan Cathedral of Quito (), known simply as la Catedral, is the Catholic cathedral in Quito, Ecuador. Located on the southwest side of the Plaza de la Independencia (La Plaza Grande), it (and its older building) served as a seat of the Diocese of Quito from 1545 until 1848 when it became the Archdiocese. In 1995, it became the Cathedral of Ecuador, the most powerful Catholic church in the country.

The Cathedral is a white-painted monumental church with one high belltower to the right of the main entrance. It was built on a plan that has three longitudinal naves with semi-ogival arches on square pillars. The Cathedral is built like the kind of the 16th century. Based on interior features — like the details of the pillars, arches, and the carved and coffered ceiling — some experts say that the Cathedral should be thought of as Gothic-Mudéjar in style. It has Gothic features in the pointed arches of its naves, as well as in the ambulatory that goes around the presbytery.

Deidre Davis Butler

Deidre Davis Butler (born Deidre Ann Davis; September 26, 1955 – August 7, 2020) was an American disability rights activist and federal official. She was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey.

Davis worked in state and national disability programs as a young lawyer, beginning at Rehabilitation International in New York in 1980. In 1987, she worked at the United States Department of Education.

She helped create the Air Carrier Access Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA).

Davis died on August 7, 2020 in Rogers, Arkansas at the age of 64.

Yisrael Moshe Friedman

Rabbi Yisrael Moshe Friedman (23 July 1955 – 10 August 2020) was an American-Israeli rabbi. He was the sixth Rebbe of the Sadigura chasidus. He led his court from Bnei Brak, Israel. He was the sixth rebbe between 2013 until his death. He was born in New York City.

Friedman died on 10 August 2020 in Ramat Gan, Israel at the age of 65.

Amvrosius Parashkevov

Ambrose of Dorostol (born Alexander Alexandrov Parashkevov; 9 June 1942 – 18 August 2020) was a Bulgarian Orthodox clergyman. He was the Bishop of Branitsa from 1998 to 2010 and Metropolitan of Dorostol from 2010 to his death in 2020. He was a member of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church.

Dorostolski died from COVID-19 on 18 August 2020 in Silistra at the age of 78.

Ágnes Bánfai

Ágnes Bánfai (8 June 1947 – 20 August 2020) was a Hungarian gymnast. She competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in all gymnastics events. She finished in fifth place in the team competition.

She won a bronze medal with the Hungarian team at the 1974 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. She was born in Budapest.

Bánfai died on 20 August 2020, aged 65.

Durbin Feeling

Durbin Feeling (ᏫᎵ ᏚᎥᎢᏅ in Cherokee) (April 2, 1946 – August 19, 2020) was an American Cherokee linguist. He wrote the first Cherokee–English dictionary. He was thought to be the greatest modern contributor to the preservation of the endangered Cherokee language. He was born in Mayes County, Oklahoma.

Feeling died on August 19, 2020 in Tahlequah, Oklahoma at the age of 74.

Zalman Nechemia Goldberg

Zalman Nechemia Goldberg (; January 28, 1931 – August 20, 2020) was an Israeli rabbi, posek, and rosh yeshiva. Goldberg was the rosh yeshiva of both the Sadigura Hasidic yeshiva and the Jerusalem College of Technology (Machon Lev), and headed the Institute for the Higher Study of Halacha (Machon Iyun Ha'Halacha) in Jerusalem.

He co-authored the Jewish prenuptial agreement sponsored by the Rabbinical Council of America together with Mordechai Willig.

Goldberg died on August 20, 2020 in Jerusalem, aged 89.

UTC+05:30

UTC+05:30 makes clocks 5 hours and 30 minutes later than Greenwich Mean Time.

These are countries who use UTC+05:30 as their time.

"Principal cities: Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Colombo"


Edgar Olson

Edgar Laverne Olson (October 19, 1937 – August 20, 2020) was an American politician. He was in the Minnesota House of Representatives between 1985 to 1998. He was born in Fosston, Minnesota. He was a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party.

Olson died on August 20, 2020 at a hospital in Madison, Minnesota at the age of 82.

Fosston, Minnesota

Fosston is a city in Polk County, Minnesota, United States. It is part of the Grand Forks ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,434 at the 2020 census.

Madison, Minnesota

Madison is a city in Lac qui Parle County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,518 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Lac qui Parle County.

György Rehus-Uzor

György Rehus-Uzor (10 July 1946 – 20 August 2020) was a Hungarian weightlifter. He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He finished in fourth place. He was born in Budapest.

Rehus-Uzor died on 20 August 2020 in Budapest, aged 74.

Ken Robinson

Sir Kenneth Robinson (4 March 1950 – 21 August 2020) was a British author, speaker and international advisor. His works focused on education in the arts to government, non-profits, education and arts bodies. 

He was Director of the Arts in Schools Project (1985–89) and Professor of Arts Education at the University of Warwick (1989–2001). He was named Professor Emeritus after leaving the university. In 2003 he was knighted for services to the arts.

Robinson died of cancer on 21 August 2020 at the age of 70.

Jacques Visschers

Jacques Visschers (December 6, 1940 – August 21, 2020) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a forward. He spent his entire football career at NAC Breda, from 1948 until 1971, when he retired from football. 

Visschers died on August 21, 2020 at the age of 79.

Mother of George

Mother of George is a 2013 Nigerian American drama movie directed by Andrew Dosunmu and starring Isaach de Bankolé, Danai Gurira, Bukky Ajayi, Tony Okungbowa, Yaya Alafia.

Fredie Blom

Fredie Blom (8 May 1904 – 22 August 2020) was a South African supercentenarian and a longevity claimant. Blom had not been officially recognized by the Guinness World Records or the Gerontology Research Group. However he was named by the South African media as the oldest man in the world. 

He spent most of his life working as a labourer in the construction sector and on a farm during the apartheid period. He initially worked as a farm worker in Cape Town before joining the construction sector. He was illiterate.

During an interview with the "BBC" in 2018, he revealed that there was no secret behind his longevity. He revealed that he loved smoking. He was issued a South African government identity document showing his date of birth as May 8, 1904, but the "Guinness World Records" never officially verified his age.

Blom died on 22 August 2020 at the alleged age of 116 and 106 days. 

Emil Jula

Emil Gabriel Jula (3 January 1980 – 22 August 2020) was a Romanian professional footballer. He played as a striker. He was born in Cluj-Napoca, Romania. In January 2013, he joined VfL Osnabrück. He scored two goals during a match against Hansa Rostock, which ended 3–2 for Osnabrück. In his youth career, he played for Universitatea Cluj between 1989 to 1998.

Jula died on 22 August 2020 from heart failure, aged 40.

Chris Kooy

Christopher John Kooy (June 11, 1982 – August 21, 2020) was a Canadian soccer player. He played for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League.

After a brief trial with Scottish first division club Livingston in 2009, Kooy was signed by FC Edmonton of the new North American Soccer League.

After playing professional indoor soccer for the Calgary United in the Canadian Major Indoor Soccer League in 2009 and 2010, he made his debut for Edmonton.

Kooy died on August 22, 2020 from cancer, aged 38.

Bernard Lieder

Bernard L. "Bernie" Lieder (February 19, 1923 – August 22, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives between 1985 and 2011. He was a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party.

Lieder died on August 22, 2020 in Crookston, Minnesota at the age of 97.

Crookston, Minnesota

Crookston is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is the county seat of Polk County. The population was 7,482 at the 2020 census.

Cleve Loney

Cleve Loney (November 5, 1950 – August 22, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013. He was born in Great Falls, Montana. 

Loney died on August 22, 2020, in Great Falls at age 69. He drowned in the Missouri River after his kayak tipped over.

Alessandro Mazzinghi

Alessandro Mazzinghi (3 October 1938 – 22 August 2020), known as Sandro, was an Italian professional boxer. He held the world light middleweight championship twice. He was born in Pontedera, Italy. 

Mazzinghi died on 22 August 2020 from a stroke in Pontedera, aged 81.

Pedro Nájera

Pedro Nájera Pacheco (3 February 1929 – 21 August 2020) was a Mexican football midfielder. He played for Mexico national team in two FIFA World Cup tournaments (1954 and 1962). He also played for Club América.

Nájera died on 21 August 2020 at the age of 91.

Ulla Pia

Ulla Pia (17 February 1945 – 22 August 2020) was a Danish pop jazz singer. She was born in Copenhagen. Pia was best known internationally for her participation in the 1966 Eurovision Song Contest with her song "Stop - mens legen er go'" ("Stop, While the Going's Good"). 

Pia died in Copenhagen on 22 August 2020 from cancer, aged 75.

Allan Rich

Allan Rich (born Benjamin Norman Schultz; February 8, 1926 – August 22, 2020) was an American character actor, author, acting coach and activist. He was born in New York City. He starred in "Serpico", "Disclosure" and "Quiz Show".

Rich was one of the many alleged communist sympathizers blacklisted in the 1950s Hollywood blacklist.

Rich died on August 22, 2020 in Englewood, New Jersey from dementia-related problems, aged 94.

D. J. Rogers

DeWayne Julius Rogers (May 9, 1948 – August 22, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist. He was best known for the tender acoustic piano-based ballad "Say You Love Me". It was a single from his 1975 RCA album "It's Good to Be Alive". 

Rogers died on August 22, 2020 at the age of 72.

Benny Chan

Benny Chan Muk-Sing (; 7 October 1961 – 23 August 2020) was a Hong Kong movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in British Hong Kong. During the 1990s, he directed movies like "Big Bullet" (1996), "Who Am I?" (1998), and "Gen-X Cops" (1999).

In 2019, Chan was diagnosed with nasopharyngeal cancer. He died at a hospital in Hong Kong from the disease on 23 August 2020, aged 58.

Justin Townes Earle

Justin Townes Earle (January 4, 1982 – August 23, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He was a son of alternative country artist Steve Earle.

In 2010 he released the album "Harlem River Blues", followed by the album "Nothing's Gonna Change the Way You Feel About Me Now" in 2012. He also appeared in an episode of the HBO television series "Treme" with his father.

Earle produced Wanda Jackson's album "Unfinished Business" in 2012.

From 2014 through 2017, Earle released a "family trilogy" of albums, comprising "Single Mothers"(2014), "Absent Fathers"(2015), and "Kids in the Street"(2017).

Earle died on August 23, 2020 in Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 38.

John H. Hager

John Henry Hager (August 28, 1936 – August 23, 2020) was an American politician. He was the 37th Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from 1998 to 2002. He was the first person with a disability to be elected to that office. 

He was an assistant secretary within the United States Department of Education from 2004 to 2007. He also was the chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia from August 2007 until May 2008.

Hager died on August 23, 2020 at the age of 83.

Lieutenant Governor of Virginia

The Lieutenant Governor is a constitutional officer of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The Lieutenant Governor is elected every four years along with the Governor and Attorney General. The office is currently held by Republican Winsome Sears. 


Gerald D. Hines

Gerald D. Hines (August 15, 1925August 23, 2020) was an American real estate developer. He was the founder and chairman of Hines. At the time of his death, the company had assets in 25 countries. He was born in Gary, Indiana.

Hines donated $7 million to the University of Houston’s College of Architecture which renamed the college the Gerald D. Hines College of Architecture.

Hines died on August 23, 2020, at his home in Greenwich, Connecticut from prostate cancer at the age of 95.

Maria Janion

Maria Janion (24 December 1926 – 23 August 2020) was a Polish scholar, critic and theoretician of literature. She was a Professor at the Institute of Literary Research of the Polish Academy of Sciences.

Janion was also a member of the Polish Academy of Learning. She has an honorary degree of the Gdańsk University. Between the years 1948 to 1978 she was an active member of Polish United Workers' Party.

Dieter Krause

Dieter Krause (18 January 1936 – 23 August 2020) was a German sprint canoeist. He competed from the late 1950s to the mid-1960s. He won a gold medal in the K-1 4×500 m event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

Krause also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships.

Lori Nelson

Lori Nelson (born Dixie Kay Nelson; August 15, 1933 – August 23, 2020) was an American actress and model. She was active in the 1950s and early 1960s. She was best known for her roles in the TV series "How to Marry a Millionaire" and the movies "Revenge of the Creature", "All I Desire", and "I Died a Thousand Times".

Nelson died on August 23, 2020 from Alzheimer's disease-related problems in Los Angeles, aged 87.

Charlie Persip

Charli Persip (July 26, 1929 – August 23, 2020) was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Morristown, New Jersey.

After playing with Tadd Dameron in 1953, he gained recognition as a jazz drummer as he toured and recorded with Dizzy Gillespie's big and small bands between 1953 and 1958.

From 1974, he was an instructor of drums and music for Jazzmobile, Inc. in New York City. He was Associate Professor at the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music in Manhattan.

Persip died on August 23, 2020 at the age of 91.

Valentina Prudskova

Valentina Aleksandrovna Prudskova (; 27 December 1938 – 23 August 2020) was a Soviet fencer. She won gold in the women's team foil event at the 1960 Summer Olympics and a silver in the same event at the 1964 Summer Olympics. She was born in Yershov, Saratov Oblast.

A. B. Raj

Antony Basker Raj (21 April 1925 – 23 August 2020), also known as A. B. Raj or A. Bhaskar Raj (in Sinhala Cinema), was an Indian director of Malayalam movies. He was born in Alappuzha, Travancore. He was known for directing "Ormikkaan Omanikkaan", "Manasse Ninakku Mangalam" and "Aval Oru Devaalayam".

Raj died on 23 August 2020 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu from a heart attack at the age of 95.

Luigi Serafini (basketball)

Luigi Serafini (17 June 1951 – 23 August 2020) was an Italian basketball player. He was part of the Italian teams that won a bronze medal at the 1971 European championships and finished fourth in 1977. He competed at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics. He was born in Formigine, Italy.

Serafini died on 23 August 2020, aged 69.

Stoyan Alexandrov

Stoyan Alexandrov (, 14 June 1949 – 24 August 2020) was a Bulgarian economist. He was the Minister of Finance under Prime Minister Lyuben Berov between 1992 to 1994. He also was President of the Governing Council of the Association of Commerce Banks.

Alexandrov died on 24 August 2020 in Sofia at the age of 71.

Robbe De Hert

Robin François (Robbe) De Hert (20 September 1942 – 24 August 2020) was an English-born Belgian movie director. He was born in Farnborough, Hampshire. His best known movies were "De Witte van Sichem", "Brylcream Boulevard" and "Lijmen/Het Been".

De Hert died on 24 August 2020 from diabetes-related problems, aged 77.

João Lisboa

João Lisboa is a municipality in the state of Maranhão in the Northeast region of Brazil.

Sálvio Dino

Sálvio Dino (5 June 1932 – 24 August 2020) was a Brazilian writer and politician. He was born in Grajaú, Maranhão. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1963 to 1964 and again from 1974 to 1979. He was Mayor of João Lisboa between 1989 to 1993 and again from 1997 to 2001.

Dino died of COVID-19 on 24 August 2020 at a hospital in São Luís, Maranhão, aged 88.

Grajaú, Maranhão

Grajaú is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Maranhão. It was founded on 29 April 1811, its population in 2015 was of 67,626. The total area is 8,864 km.

Anthony M. Frank

Anthony Melchior Frank (born May 21, 1931) was an American banker. He was the United States Postmaster General from 1988 to 1992 during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush. He was born in Berlin.

Louis DeJoy

Louis DeJoy (born June 20, 1957) is an American businessman and Republican Party fundraiser. He was appointed in May 2020 by the Board of Governors of the United States Postal Service (USPS) to be the 75th United States Postmaster General. He was the founder and CEO of the logistics and freight company New Breed Logistics. He became known for his changes to the United States Postal Service that would have made it harder for people for vote by mail during the 2020 United States presidential election under the orders of President Donald Trump. 

Touriya Jabrane

Touriya Jabrane ( – born Saadia Kraytif ; 16 October 1952 – 24 August 2020) was a Moroccan theatre director, actress and politician. Between 2007 and 2009, she held the position of Minister of Culture in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi. She was born in Casablanca.

Jabrane died on 24 August 2020 in Casablanca from COVID-19, aged 67.

Bulmer's tree frog

Bulmer's tree frog ("Ranoidea bulmeri") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists found it in the mountains between 1500 and 2000 meters above sea level. It does not live in many places.

This frog has a dark stripe behind its eye. The stripe goes down its body on each side. It sometimes has yellow coloring on its throat and chest.

In the local language, this frog is called "kogop".

Arrigo Levi

Arrigo Levi (17 July 1926 – 24 August 2020) was an Italian journalist, essayist, and television anchorman. He was born in Modena, Italy. He was a news anchor for Channel 5. From 1979 to 1983 he collaborated with "The Times", editing its international section. In 1988 he was appointed Chief Editor of "Corriere della Sera".

Levi died on 24 August 2020 in his hometown Modena at the age of 94.

Mal Pascoe

Malcolm Lawrence "Mal" Pascoe (31 March 1933 – 24 August 2020) was an Australian rules footballer and coach. He played 94 senior Victorian Football League (VFL) games for the Essendon Football Club from 1953 to 1958, and played 177 senior Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL) games for the Hobart Football Club from 1959 to 1966. 

Pascoe died in Tasmania on 24 August 2020 at the age of 87.

Bill Stephen

William Stephen (1 April 1928 – 24 August 2020) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Fitzroy Football Club. He also coached Fitzroy and Essendon. He was born in Sydney. Stephens was captain / coach of Yarrawonga in the Ovens & Murray Football League from 1958 to 1963, then was their non playing coach in 1964.

Stephen died on 24 August 2020 at the age of 92.

Heartland

Heartland is 1979 American western drama movie directed by first time director Richard Pearce and was based on the 1914 memoir by Elinore Pruitt Stewart. It stars Rip Torn, Conchata Ferrell, Barry Primus, Lilia Skala, Amy Wright, Jerry Hardin, Jeff Boschee.


Peter King (saxophonist)

Peter John King (11 August 1940 – 23 August 2020) was an English jazz saxophonist, composer, and clarinetist. He was born in Kingston upon Thames, England. His career began in 1959. 

He also played in small groups with musicians such as Philly Joe Jones, Zoot Sims, Al Cohn, Red Rodney, Hampton Hawes, Nat Adderley, Al Haig, John Burch, Bill Watrous, and Dick Morrissey.

In 2005 he recorded the album "Janus" with the Lyric String Quartet.

King made appearances on albums by the pop group Everything But The Girl and on "North Marine Drive" by Ben Watt, who was a member of the group.

King died on 23 August 2020, aged 80.

Thomas Atcitty

Thomas Atcitty (November 1, 1933 – October 11, 2020) was an American educator, politician and businessman. He was the third president of the Navajo Nation, serving from February 1998 until June 1998. From 1981 to 1995, he was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives. Atcitty was a member of the Democratic Party.

Atcitty died on October 11, 2020 in Shiprock, New Mexico at the age of 86.

Shiprock, New Mexico

Shiprock is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Juan County, New Mexico, United States, on the Navajo reservation. The population was 7,718 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Farmington Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Farmington, New Mexico

Farmington () is a city in San Juan County in the U.S. state of New Mexico. As of the 2020 census the city had a total population of 46,624 people.

Peterson Zah

Peterson Zah (December 2, 1937 – March 7, 2023) was an American politician. He was the first President of the Navajo Nation and the last Chairman of the Navajo Nation. In 1995, he began working at Arizona State University as the Special Adviser to the ASU President on American Indian Affairs.

Low Mountain, Arizona

Low Mountain is a census-designated place (CDP) in Navajo County, Arizona, United States. The population was 631 at the 2020 census.

Professor Pyg

Professor Pyg is a fictional supervillain who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. Pyg was created by Grant Morrison and Andy Kubert. Professor Pyg was re-introduced following DC's "The New 52" comics relaunch in 2011.

The character's in-world real name is Lazlo Valentin, a scientist who suffered a schizophrenic breakdown that led him to become a supervillain who wears a pig mask.

Michael Cerveris portrayed the character in the fourth season of "Gotham" in the DC Extended Universe.

Jeanine Pirro

Jeanine Ferris Pirro (born June 2, 1951) is an American television host and author, and a former New York State judge, prosecutor, and politician.

Pirro was the host of Fox News Channel's "Justice with Judge Jeanine" until 2022. She is now a co-host on "The Five". She was a contributor to NBC News. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was the first female judge elected in Westchester County, New York.

Pirro was elected the first female District Attorney of Westchester County.

Pirro briefly sought the Republican nomination for United States Senate to run against Hillary Clinton in 2006, but dropped out to accept the nomination for New York Attorney General, which she did not win.

Kimberly Guilfoyle

Kimberly Ann Guilfoyle (; born March 9, 1969) is an American attorney and television news personality. She co-hosted "The Five" on Fox News. She was born in San Francisco.

Guilfoyle was a prosecuting attorney in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California. She was an Assistant District Attorney in San Francisco from 2000 to 2004.

She married California politician Gavin Newsom and was First Lady of San Francisco during Newsom's first two years as mayor of that city. She worked at Fox News from 2006 to 2018.

She later joined America First Policies, a pro-Trump super PAC.

In May 2018, it was confirmed she was dating Donald Trump Jr., son of President Donald Trump.

Ron Rivera

Ronald Eugene Rivera (born January 7, 1962) is an American football coach. He is the head coach for the Washington Football Team of the National Football League (NFL). 

Before becoming a coach, Rivera played college football at the University of California, Berkeley in the early 1980s, where he was recognized as an All-American linebacker for the Golden Bears. 

Rivera was born in Fort Ord, California. In August 2020, he was diagnosed with an aggressive rare form of lymphoma.

Roadster

A roadster is a type of automobile. Like a convertible, a roadster has the soft top of a car with two doors. Roadsters were first made popular by Ford with the Model A.

Takuma Sato

He was born in Tokyo.

Sato won the 2017 and 2020 Indianapolis 500, making him the first Asian driver to win the Indy 500. He also became the first Japanese driver to win an IndyCar race.

He competed in Formula One from 2002 to 2008.

Paul Wolfisberg

Paul Wolfisberg (15 June 1933 – 24 August 2020) was a Swiss footballer and coach. He was born in Horw, Switzerland. Between 1950 to 1954 and 1955 to 1966, he played for FC Luzern. For one year between 1954 to 1955, he played for FC Biel-Bienne.

Between 1966 to 1973, he managed SC Buochs. In 1975 and again from 1978 to 1981, he managed Luzern. Between 1981 to 1985, he managed the Swiss national team.

Wolfisberg died on 24 August 2020 in Horw, aged 87.

T10 cricket

T10 cricket is a form of cricket where both teams have one innings of 10 overs each, and the game lasts about 90 minutes.

A few T10 leagues have been started, such as the T10 League in Abu Dhabi.

Eyes of a Thief

Eyes of a Thief () is a 2014 Palestinian French Algerian drama movie directed by Najwa Najjar and starring Khaled Abol Naga, Souad Massi, Nisreen Faour, Maisa Abd Elhadi, Areen Omari.

Alphaville (movie)

Alphaville: une étrange aventure de Lemmy Caution ("Alphaville: A Strange Adventure of Lemmy Caution") is a 1965 French Italian science fiction drama movie directed by Jean-Luc Godard and starring Eddie Constantine, Anna Karina, Akim Tamiroff, Christa Lang, Jean-Louis Comolli, Jean-Pierre Léaud, László Szabó.


West Potomac Park

The West Potomac Park is a park in Washington, D.C.. It is just west of the National Mall. It is home to some of Washington's most famous places, like the Jefferson Memorial, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, and the Tidal Basin. But, the park’s most famous attraction is cherry blossoms.

Thousands of cherry trees bloom around the waters of the Tidal Basin, which reflect the trees’ images. The basin was created in the late 1800s to prevent the Potomac River from flooding. These pink and white flowers serve as a symbol of international friendship. 

The original cherry trees were a gift from Japan. On March 26, 1912, more than 3,000 cherry trees arrived in Washington. Most were planted around the Tidal Basin. But cherry trees were also planted near the Washington Monument and the White House.

The park service maintains West Potomac Park, and helps protect the cherry trees.

It is a wonderful gift that is over 100 years old now. The 1912 gift from the people of Japan has grown to this 3,800 trees. The cherry blossoms also serve as a symbol of the beginning of springtime. The trees burst with colors of soft pink and white. The blossoming of the cherry blossoms every spring is sort of the great springtime celebration, not only in the District of Columbia but throughout the United States.

Every year, Washington celebrates the arrival of spring with a two-week Cherry Blossom Festival. More than 1.5 million people from around the world visit the nation’s capital during the festival. They all hope to see the cherry trees at their “peak bloom.” Park officials define "peak bloom" as the period when 70 percent of Washington’s most common cherry tree variety -- the Yoshino trees -- are blooming. Yoshino cherry trees are one of 12 types of cherry trees in Washington. Peak bloom lasts several days each year.

Experts begin making peak bloom predictions in February. Visitors make their travel plans to Washington based on these predictions.




Ranoidea callista

Ranoidea callista is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it on Mount Trafalgar, about 220 meters above sea level.

The scientist who wrote the first formal paper about "Ranoidea callista", Fred Kraus, said this frog is related to "Litoria gracilenta" but it has different colors on its skin, lays eggs in streams, and has a different call. Kraus says that the frog does not only live on Mt. Trafalgar but in many places in New Guinea.

Big Mouth (TV series)

Big Mouth is a TV show. It was created by Nick Kroll There are 5 seasons in Big Mouth.

Hurricane Laura

Hurricane Laura was a deadly and destructive tropical cyclone. Hurricane Laura, the 1856 Last Island hurricane and Hurricane Ida are the strongest hurricanes to make landfall in Louisiana in terms of maximum sustained winds, and the strongest to affect Louisiana since Hurricane Camille brought category 5 winds to the rural southeast portion of the state. The twelfth named storm, fourth hurricane, and first major storm of the record-breaking 2020 Atlantic hurricane season, Laura formed from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of West Africa on August 16, and formed into a tropical depression by August 20. On August 21, Laura strengthened into a tropical storm, becoming the earliest twelfth named storm, and breaking 1995's Hurricane Luis's record by eight days.

Laura first moved over the Lesser Antilles and brushing Puerto Rico as a tropical storm. It made landfall in the resort city of Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, killing four people in the Dominican Republic and 31 in Haiti. The storm then moved over the entire island of Cuba, forcing the evacuation of more than 260,000 people. Then, the outer rainbands of Laura moved over parts of the Florida Keys and Southern Florida. It then moved over the warm Gulf of Mexico, strengthening slowly at first, before undergoing rapid intensification by August 26. Later that day, Laura became a major hurricane, and soon reached a peak intensity of , making it a Category 4 hurricane.

Then, just a couple of hours after reaching peak intensity, at 6:00 UCT on August 27, Laura made landfall in Cameron, Louisiana just below peak intensity with 150 mph (240 km/h) and a pressure of 939 mbar, at the same wind speed of the 1856 Last Island hurricane. It was the 10th strongest tropical cyclone to ever hit the United States in terms of wind speed, killed 42 people in the U.S, and caused $19 billion in damage on the Gulf Coast of the United States and inland areas. After landfall, Laura weakened, falling to tropical storm status later in the day, and tropical depression status over Arkansas the next day. On August 29, Laura weakened to a remnant low over Kentucky, before being absorbed by an extratropical cyclone over the East Coast. Overall, Laura caused $19.1 billion in damage and killed 81 people. Areas that were badly affected by Laura, mostly southeastern Texas and southwestern Louisiana, were badly affected by more flooding and strong winds during Hurricane Delta around six weeks later.

Antarctic fur seal

The Antarctic fur seal ("Arctocephalus gazella"), is a type of seal in the genus "Arctocephalus". Even though the name has Antarctic in it, it does not live in Antarctica. The Antarctic fur seal mostly lives in Subantarctic islands.

Adult males are dark brown in colour. Females and young ones tend to be paler, almost grey with lighter undersides. Young ones are dark brown at birth, almost black in color.

Males are larger than females. Males can grow up to 2 m (6.5 ft) long. Males can also weigh 133 kg (293 lb). Females can grow up to 1.4 m (4.6 ft) long. Females can weight 34 kg (74.9 lb). At birth, the average length is 67.4 cm (58–66). The average weight for young ones is 5.9 kg (4.9–6.6) in males and 5.4 kg (4.8–5.9) in females.

Male Antarctic fur seals live up to 20 years. Females can live up to 24 years.

Antarctic fur seals are thought to be the most abundant type of fur seal. The largest gathering happens on South Georgia. The estimate for South Georgia is 4.5-6.2 million Antarctic fur seal and 46,834 at Bouvetøya.

Breeding colonies are found at South Georgia, South Sandwich Islands, South Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands and Bouvetøya in the Southern Atlantic Ocean; Marion Island, Crozet Islands, Kerguelen Island and Heard Island in the Southern Indian Ocean; and Macquarie Island in the Southern Pacific Ocean. During winter, Antarctic fur seals range includes Antarctica to the Falkland Islands, and southern Argentina and Chile, reaching as far as the Mar del Plata and Gough Island.

In the Atlantic region, the Antarctic fur seal usually eats Antarctic krill. In the Indian Ocean, they mostly eat fish and squid. Sometimes, penguins are eaten by male Antarctic fur seals.

Sarah Emma Edmonds

Sarah Emma Edmonds (December 1841 – September 5, 1898), was a Canadian woman who claimed to have served as a man as a nurse and spy with the Union Army during the American Civil War. In 1992, she was enlisted into the Michigan Women's Hall of Fame.

In 1864, Boston publisher DeWolfe, Fiske, & Co. published her account of her military experiences as "The Female Spy of the Union Army".

Born in 1841 in New Brunswick, at that point a British settlement, Edmonds grew up with her sisters on their family's homestead close to Magaguadavic Lake, not a long way from the State of Maine. Edmonds fled home at age fifteen to get away from a planned marriage and the maltreatment of her dad, who needed a child rather than a girl. Supported by her mother, who herself married young, Edmonds got away from the marriage and pretended to be a man to travel more easily. A male mask let Edmonds eat, travel, and work freely. Edmonds worked selling Bibles door to door. for a Bible book retailer and distributer in Hartford, Connecticut.

Her enthusiasm was started by a book she read in her childhood by Maturin Murray Ballou called "Fanny Campbell, the Female Pirate Captain", telling the story of Fanny Campbell on a privateer transport during the American Revolution while dressed as a man. Fanny stayed dressed as a man so as to seek after different experiences, to which Edmonds credits her longing to dress in drag. During the Civil War, on May 25, 1861, she enrolled in Company F of the second Michigan Infantry, otherwise called the Flint Union Grays. Later she masked herself as a man named "Franklin Flint Thompson," named after Flint, Michigan. She felt that it was her obligation to serve her nation. She from the start filled in as a male field nurse in campaigns under General McClellan, including the First and Second Battle of Bull Run, Antietam, the Peninsula Campaign, Vicksburg, Fredericksburg, and others. 

She had an opportunity during the war when a Union spy in Richmond, Virginia was found and shot, and a companion, James Vesey, was executed in a snare. She exploited the open spot and the chance to vindicate her companion's demise. She applied for, and won, the situation as Franklin Thompson. There is no proof in her military records that she actually served as a spy, but there is plenty about it in her book.

Making a trip into hostile area to assemble data required many disguises.. One camouflage required Edmonds to utilize silver nitrate to color her skin dark, wear a dark hairpiece, and stroll into the Confederacy masked as an individual of color by the name of Cuff. Some other time she entered as an Irish vendor lady by the name of Bridget O'Shea, guaranteeing that she was offering apples and cleanser to the officers. Once more, she was "working for the Confederates" as a dark laundress when a bundle of authentic papers dropped out of an official's coat. At the point when Thompson came back to the Union with the papers, the commanders were enchanted. Some other time, she filled in as an investigator in Kentucky as Charles Mayberry, revealing a Confederacy operator.

Edmonds' profession as Frank Thompson came to an end when she traveled to Berry's Brigade so as to convey mail to Union powers. While trying to take an easy route, she was tossed into a ditch by her donkey and injured. In 1863, she contracted malaria. She thought if she went to a military emergency clinic she would be found out. She went to a private medical clinic, expecting to come back to military life once she had recovered. Then she saw banners posting Frank Thompson as a deserter. She chose to fill in as a female nurse at a Washington, D.C. clinic for injured troopers run by the United States Christian Commission. 

In 1882, Edmonds began the process of clearing the charge of desertion from Thompson's record in order to receive a pension. She got a pension of $12 a month.

Brown fur seal

The brown fur seal ("Arctocephalus pusillus"), is a type of fur seal. It is also called the Cape fur seal, South African fur seal and Australian fur seal.

Adult male brown fur seals are dark gray to brown, with a darker mane of short, coarse hairs and a light belly. Adult females are light brown to gray, with a light throat and darker back and belly. The front flippers of the fur seal are dark brown to black. Pups are born black and molt to gray with a pale throat within 3–5 months.

The brown fur seal's main predator is the great white shark. Other predators include, killer whales and southern elephant seals. Land predators include black-backed jackals and brown hyenas on the Skeleton Coast in Namibia.

Cape fur seals are shown as "The Scoundrel" in the 2021 nature program "Penguin Town".

Point of view (philosophy)

A point of view is a specific attitude or manner through which a person thinks about something. This figurative usage of the expression dates back to 1760. 

Every individual's perception or conception upon any particular action. This is known as point of view. This is based on their thought process and  experience in their life. It may change from person to person. Many things may be judged from a personal, traditional or moral point of view (as in "beauty is in the eye of the beholder").

On a large scale, it may be called worldview or philosophy (informally), and is caused by geography, history, religious beliefs and ideology. There are a number of classifications of world views. One approach is to regards world views as caused by human nature.

Dracohors

Dracohors is a group in taxonomy, the system scientists use to put living things in groups. It is below a phylum but above an order. It is a clade. The clade Dracohors contains dinosaurs, birds and Siledauridae.

The name "dracohors" comes from Latin: "draco" for "dragon" and "hors" for "group" or "circle." 


California sea lion

The California sea lion ("Zalophus californianus") is a type of eared seal native to western North America. Its natural habitat ranges from southeast Alaska to central Mexico, including the Gulf of California. California sea lions are sexually dimorphic. They eat lots of fish and squid. Their main predators are killer whales and great white sharks.

Judd Buchanan

Judd Buchanan, (born 25 July 1929) is a Canadian politician and businessman. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada between 1968 and 1980. He represented the electoral area of London West in Ontario. During this time, he was a part of the Liberal Party. Buchanan was a part of the cabinet of Canada while Pierre Trudeau was the Prime Minister. From 1974 to 1976, he was the Minister of Indian Affairs, from 1976 to 1978 he was the Minister of Public Works and the Minister of State for Science and Technology. He was the President of the Treasury Board from 1978 to 1979.
Buchanan was born in Edmonton, Alberta. He went to university at the University of Alberta and the University of Western Ontario and got a Master of Business Administration. Before becoming a politician, he was an insurance broker at the London Life Insurance Company. Buchanan was elected for the first time in the 1968 federal election. He was elected again in the 1972, 1974, 1979, and 1980 elections. After the 1980 election, when Trudeau did not choose Buchanan to be in the cabinet, Buchanan decided to resign his job as a Member of Parliament. He got a job in Calgary working in the private sector.

Buchanan did more work after he stopped being a politician. He worked in the Canadian tourism industry. He helped the Canadian government create the Canadian Tourism Commission in 1994. He was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2000.

Farmers to Families Food Box

The Farmers to Families Food Box program is set up by the United States' government during the COVID-19 pandemic to help get fresh food from farmers to consumers. The food is put into "family-sized" boxes containing produce, dairy products and/or meat. The programs is run by the USDA (Department of Agriculture). It is part of the government's general response to the pandemic, called the Coronavirus Food Assistance Program run by the USDA. It was announced on April 15, 2020. According to the program's home page, over 70,000,000 boxes were invoiced between the start date and then end of August. As of the second week of August 2020, the program's budget was three billion dollars. 

The USDA buys the produce from farmers. Then the food is sent to local packaging companies. These companies distribute the packages to local organizations such as NGOs and religious orga
nizations. The program sets no restrictions on which families may pick of the boxes. 

The program has been positively received. However, there has been some criticism. For example, the boxes weigh forty pounds. This can make it difficult for people without a car to get the boxes home. Also, the program initially only had boxes with produce, dairy products and meat. Since some people do not eat dairy or meat products, this created a problem. 
It has also been stated that specialty-crop farmers have not been helped enough by the program. 

Ali-Asghar Hekmat

Ali-Asghar Hekmat-e Shirazi (‎; 16 June 1892 - 25 August 1980) was an Iranian politician, diplomat and writer. Shirazi also served as the Iranian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Justice , and Iranian Minister of Culture under the government of Reza Shah and Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the Shahs of Iran. Shirazi was also first Iranian ambassador to the republic of India and wrote many books about Indian history and culture. After the Islamic revolution in Iran, his books and works were refused and he was named as a Freemason a word that in Islamic world is a bad word. finally one of his books, "Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments", was recently reprinted by non government organization. 


Vanity Fair (magazine)

Vanity Fair is a monthly magazine of popular culture, fashion, and current affairs published by Condé Nast in the United States.

The first version of "Vanity Fair" was published from 1913 to 1936. It was revived in 1983 and currently includes five international editions of the magazine. As of 2018, the Editor-in-Chief is Radhika Jones.

Herbert Tabor

Herbert Tabor (November 28, 1918 – August 20, 2020) was an American biochemist and physician-scientist. His works focused in polyamines and their role in human health and disease. 

Tabor was a principal investigator at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases where he led the pharmacological section. He was the editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Biological Chemistry" from 1971 to 2010.

Tabor was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1977.

Tabor died at his home in Bethesda, Maryland on August 20, 2020 at the age of 101.

Bryan Lee

Bryan Lee (March 16, 1943 – August 21, 2020) was an American blues guitarist and singer. He was also known by the nickname 'Braille Blues Daddy'. He was a known singer on Bourbon Street since the 1980s.

He died on August 21, 2020, at the age of 77.

Manitowoc, Wisconsin

Manitowoc () is a city in and the county seat of Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States. The city is located on Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Manitowoc River. According to the 2010 census, Manitowoc had a population of 33,736.

Rolf Gohs

Rolf Ernst Gohs (26 October 1933 – 23 August 2020) was an Estonian-born Swedish comic creator. He was born in Estonia but moved to Sweden in 1946.

Gohs usually wrote his own stories as well. Early works such as "Mannen från Claa" ("The Man from Claa") and "Dödens Fågel" ("The Bird of Death") were well received. 

He produced a comic book story about the legendary Children's Crusade directly for the Swedish Phantom comic book.

Gohs died on 23 August 2020, aged 86.

Nursholeh

Nursholeh (22 August 1957 – 23 August 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was Mayor of Tegal between 2017 and 2019. He lost his re-election bid in 2018. He was born in Tegal, Central Java. He was a member of the Golkar Party.

Nursholeh died on 23 August 2020, one day after his 63rd birthday in Tegal.

Jack Tynan

John Christopher Tynan (5 December 1925 – 23 August 2020) was a New Zealand field hockey player and cricketer. He represented New Zealand in field hockey between 1948 and 1956, including at the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne. 

He played four first-class cricket matches for Wellington between 1952 and 1954.

Tynan died on 23 August 2020, aged 94.

Harold Best

Harold Best (18 December 1937 – 24 August 2020) was a Labour Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Leeds North West from the 1997 general election until he retired at the 2005 general election. He was a trade unionist. 

Best died on 24 August 2020, aged 82.

László Cseh Sr.

László Cseh Sr. (14 March 1952 – 24 August 2020) was a Hungarian swimmer. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics. His son, László Cseh, is a six time Olympic medalist.

Cseh Sr. died on 24 August 2020 in Budapest, aged 68.

László Cseh

László Cseh (: born 3 December 1985, sometimes called Louis Czech in English-speaking countries) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer. He has won four silver Olympic medals and two bronze. He is a 33-time European Champion. His father, László Cseh Sr., also represented Hungary at the Olympics in swimming.

Chitta Ranjan Dutta

Chitta Ranjan Dutta, Bir Uttom () (1 January 1927 – 24 August 2020), also known as C R Dutta, was a Bangladeshi Major-General of the Bangladesh Army. He was a key commander of the Mukti Bahini during the Bangladesh Liberation War. 

After independence, he was the armed forces commander in Rangpur and later went on to become the first Director-General of the Bangladesh Rifles (present-day Border Guards Bangladesh) in 1973.

Dutta was a well known minority rights advocate in Bangladesh. He was also the president of the Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council.

Dutta died at a hospital in Boca Raton, Florida on 24 August 2020 after falling at his home, aged 93.

Gail Sheehy

Gail Sheehy (born Gail Henion; November 27, 1936 – August 24, 2020) was an American author, journalist, and lecturer. She was the author of seventeen books and many high-profile articles for magazines such as "New York" and "Vanity Fair". 

Many of her books focused on cultural shifts, including "Passages" (1976). Sheehy wrote many biographies including Hillary Clinton, both presidents Bush, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, Egyptian President Anwar Sadat, and Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev.

Sheehy died in Southampton, New York on August 24, 2020 from pneumonia-related problems at age 83.

Ruhollah Hosseinian

Hojatoleslam Ruhollah Hosseinian (, March 5, 1956 in Shiraz – August 25, 2020 in Tehran) was an Iranian principalist politician.

He was in the Iranian Ministry of Intelligence and National Security (or VEVAK) as deputy to Ali Fallahian and in April 2007 was appointed by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the security advisor to the president.

He was a member of the Board of Trustees of Islamic Revolution Document Center. From 2007 to 2009, he was a member of the Council for Spreading Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's Thoughts. He was also a member of parliament from 2008 to 2016.

Hosseinian died on August 25, 2020, after he had a history of heart problems.

Mónica Jiménez

Mónica Eliana Jiménez de la Jara (December 25, 1940 – August 25, 2020) was a Chilean Christian Democrat politician. She was born in Santiago de Chile.

From 2008 to 2010, she was Minister of Education during the Michelle Bachelet presidency. Between 2016 and 2018, she was the Chilean Ambassador to Israel.

Jiménez died from cancer in Santiago on August 25, 2020 at the age of 79.

Sase Narain

Sase Narain (27 January 1925 – 25 August 2020) was a Guyanese politician and lawyer. He was Speaker of the National Assembly of Guyana from 1971 to 1992. 

In 1991, Narain became the first Speaker of Guyana’s National Assembly to remove a Member of Parliament after Minister of Agriculture Isahak Basir threw a drinking glass at Narain.

Narain died on 25 August 2020, aged 95.

National Assembly (Guyana)

The National Assembly is one of the two components of the Parliament of Guyana. Under Article 51 of the Constitution of Guyana, the Parliament of Guyana consists of the President and the National Assembly. 

The National Assembly has 65 members elected using the system of proportional representation.

Hippolyte Simon

Hippolyte Simon (25 February 1944 – 25 August 2020) was a French Roman Catholic archbishop. He was Bishop of Clermont from 1996 to 2002 before becoming Archbishop, serving until 2016. 

He was Vice-President of the Bishops' Conference of France from 2007 to 2013. He was born in Saint-Georges-de-Rouelley, France.

Simon died on 25 August 2020 in Caen, France at the age of 76.

Oscar Cruz

Oscar V. Cruz (November 17, 1934 – August 26, 2020) was a Filipino Roman Catholic prelate. He was archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church in the Philippines. He was the Archbishop Emeritus of Lingayen-Dagupan in Pangasinan, Philippines, from 1991 to 2009. He was born in Balanga, Bataan, Philippine Islands.

Cruz died on August 26, 2020 in San Juan, Philippines from COVID-19, aged 85.

Pride &amp; Prejudice (2005 movie)

Pride & Prejudice is a 2005 romantic drama movie directed by Joe Wright. It is based on Jane Austen's 1813 novel of the same name. 

The movie is about five sisters from an English family of landed gentry as they deal with issues of marriage, morality and lies. 

Keira Knightley stars in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet, while Matthew Macfadyen plays her romantic interest Mr. Darcy. The movie also stars Donald Sutherland, Judi Dench, Tom Hollander and Brenda Blethyn.

The movie was released on 16 September 2005 in the United Kingdom and Ireland and on 11 November in the United States.

Matthew Macfadyen

David Matthew Macfadyen (born 17 October 1974) is an English actor. He is known for his role as Mr. Darcy in Joe Wright's "Pride & Prejudice" (2005), and Daniel in the Frank Oz comedy "Death at a Funeral".

acfadyen currently stars as Tom Wambsgans in the HBO drama series "Succession".

Talulah Riley

Talulah Jane Riley-Milburn (born 26 September 1985), known professionally as Talulah Riley, is an English actress.

She has appeared in movies such as "Pride & Prejudice", "St Trinian's", "The Boat That Rocked", "", and "Inception".

Rupert Friend

Rupert William Anthony Friend (born ) is a British actor, director, screenwriter, and producer. He is known for playing CIA operative Peter Quinn in the Showtime political thriller series "Homeland".

Dario Marianelli

Dario Marianelli (born June 21, 1963) is an Italian composer. He is known for working with director Joe Wright many times. He was born in Pisa. He was nominated for an Academy Award for his musical score for "Pride & Prejudice". 

In 2007, he won an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for his work on "Atonement".

Joe Wright

Joseph Wright (born 25 August 1972) is an English movie director. 

He is known for his works "Pride & Prejudice" (2005) and "Anna Karenina" (2012), the romantic war drama "Atonement" (2007), the action thriller "Hanna" (2011), Peter Pan origin story "Pan" (2015), and "Darkest Hour" (2017).

Columbus Short

Columbus Keith Short, Jr. (born September 19, 1982) is an American choreographer, actor, dancer and rapper. He choreographed Britney Spears's Onyx Hotel Tour.

He is best known for his roles in the movies "Stomp the Yard", "Cadillac Records", "Armored", and "The Losers". 

Pat McCluskey

Patrick McCluskey (13 April 1952 – 24 August 2020) was a Scottish footballer.

In 1970, McCluskey began his professional career with Celtic. However, he went on loan that first season to Sligo Rovers in Ireland. He moved to second-tier Dumbarton in 1977 for £15,000, where he spent three seasons.


Dr. Mabuse the Gambler

Dr. Mabuse the Gambler is a 1922 German crime thriller movie directed by Fritz Lang and is based on the novels by Norbert Jacques. It stars Rudolf Klein-Rogge, Aud Egede-Nissen, Gertrude Welcker, Alfred Abel, Bernhard Goetzke, Paul Richter, Georg John, Hans Adalbert Schlettow.


Is Paris Burning?

Is Paris Burning () is a 1966 French American World War II drama movie directed by René Clément and was based on the Larry Collins and Dominique Lapierre. It stars Kirk Douglas, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Alain Delon, Charles Boyer, Simone Signoret, Glenn Ford, Anthony Perkins, Leslie Caron and was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1967.

Operation Rolling Thunder

Operation Rolling Thunder happened when the USA started bombing campaigns of North Vietnam during the Vietnam War.

Guadalupe fur seal

The Guadalupe fur seal ("Arctocephalus townsendi") is a type of fur seal in the genus "Arctocephalus".

Guadalupe fur seals are sexually dimorphic in size. Both males and females are dark brown or dusky black, with the hairs on the back of the neck being yellowish or light tan. The young ones are born with a black coat similar to that of adults.

Harold Janeway

Harold Janeway (February 3, 1936 – August 20, 2020) was an American politician and businessman. He was a Democratic member of the New Hampshire Senate, representing the 7th District from 2006 to 2010. He was born in Glen Cove, New York.

Janeway died of prostate cancer on August 20, 2020, in Webster, New Hampshire at the age of 84.

Webster, New Hampshire

Webster is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,913 at the 2020 census.

Samantha Lewthwaite

Samantha Louise Lewthwaite (; born 5 December 1983), also known as Sherafiyah Lewthwaite or the White Widow, is a British woman who is one of the Western world's most wanted terrorism suspects. Lewthwaite, the widow of 7/7 London terrorist bomber Germaine Lindsay, is accused of causing the deaths of more than 400 people. 

Lewthwaite was an alleged member of the Somalia-based radical Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab. 

She is believed to have been behind an attack on those watching football in a bar in Mombasa during Euro 2012. In September 2013, it became aware that she is the mastermind behind the Nairobi Westgate shopping mall attack, though many people do not believe this.

She is nicknamed the "White Widow".

Nancy Guptill

Nancy Evelyn Guptill (April 28, 1941August 24, 2020) was a Canadian politician. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1987 to 2000. She was a member of the provincial Liberal Party.

She represented the electoral districts of 5th Prince from 1987 to 1996 and St. Eleanors-Summerside from 1996 to 2000. She was elected speaker in 1993. 

Guptill died on August 24, 2020, in Summerside, Prince Edward Island from a long-illness, aged 79.

Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments

Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments is a book written by Dr. Ali-Asghar Hekmat. It was published in 1956, 1958 and 2013. New print has the Persian texts of more than 200 stone inscriptions found on historical places in India, many of which are now listed as national heritage or UNESCO world heritage sites.

After being lost for over 50 years, a third edition of the book has been printed by Dr. Mohammad Ajam with 200 pictures. the book is important for students of Persian language and teachers.

In India, Persian inscriptions are usually found on buildings such as mosques , tombs,forts, palaces, gateways, water tanks, wells, gardens and bridges. Certain movable objects such as seals, signets, vases and eating pot. Most pre-Mughal Indian quranic and Persian inscriptions in India date from the last decade of the 12th century AD, when Muhammad Ghori (Guri) conquered Delhi and established his ruling there. However, a small number of inscriptions have been found in Haryana, Gujarat and Kerala which bear earlier dates. the persian language was official language of courts in India for 600 years .

The book explain Persian Inscriptions on many palaces and fort in India including:
The book describes 47 Mausoleum and tombs in India inscribed with Persian Inscriptions.

The book had described Persian inscription in the 14 mosques in India including:
. Shah Jahan also built the Taj Mahal, at Agra and the Red Fort in Old Delhi, which stands opposite the Jama Masjid.it remained the royal mosque of the emperors until the end of the Mughal period.

some Pictures of the Indian important places which have Persian inscriptions and have been explained in the book: more pictures in flicker 3d pan white


Juan Fernández fur seal

The Juan Fernández fur seal ("Arctocephalus philippii") is a type of fur seal. It is the second smallest type of fur seal. They are only found on the Juan Fernández Islands and the Desventuradas Islands.

New Zealand fur seal

The New Zealand fur seal ("Arctocephalus forsteri") is a type of fur seal mostly found around southern Australia and New Zealand. They are also called the Australasian fur seal, South Australian fur seal, Antipodean fur seal, or long-nosed fur seal.

Darragh Ennis

Darragh Ennis (born 1980) is an Irish entomologist, neuroscientist, quizzer, and television personality. He is one of the six Chasers on the ITV game show The Chase. He is nicknamed The Menace and alternatively The Dublin Dynamo. He was a contestant on the show in 2017. In April 2020, Ennis became the first ever contestant in the UK to become a new Chaser. His Chaser debut aired on 19 November 2020.

Ennis grew up in Dublin, Ireland and studied at Maynooth University, graduating with a BSc in biology in 2002, and a PhD in ecology in 2008. After completing his doctorate, he worked as a biomedical scientist at ICON plc for a year before undertaking postdoctoral research at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada from 2010 until 2012. Since 2013, he has worked as a lab manager and research technician at the University of Oxford, where he specialises in researching the brains of insects.

In 2017, Ennis was a member of a winning team on "The Chase". He earned £9,000 in his Cash Builder round and defeated chaser Paul Sinha to take that money into the Final Chase. The other three contestants also advanced, but each of them took negative low offers from Sinha so that the final prize total was £6,300. Outraged viewers set up a GoFundMe campaign to compensate Ennis for his share of the money lost through his teammates' decisions. Ennis requested for all money to be donated to charity.

In April 2020, Ennis was announced as the sixth chaser on The Chase, alongside Mark Labbett, Shaun Wallace, Anne Hegerty, Paul Sinha and Jenny Ryan. His Chaser-debut episode was aired on 19 November 2020. His debut brought in 4.9 million viewers, making it the most watched episode of The Chase ever.

Ennis is married to his "university sweetheart", and they live together in Oxford with their two children. Ennis supports Dublin GAA and Liverpool FC. Ennis can speak German and Irish.


Denys Shmyhal

Denys Anatoliyovych Shmyhal (; born 15 October 1975) is a Ukrainian businessman and politician.

On 4 March 2020, he became the Prime Minister of Ukraine.

Denys was born on 15 October 1975 in Lviv. In 1997, he graduated from the Lviv Polytechnic (engineering and economics).

1997-2005 he works as accountant in private sector. From June 2006 to August 2008, he was Director for the investment company "Comfort-Invest".

In 2008-2009, Shmyhal was General Director at "Rosaninvest LLC".

Shmyhal worked in multiple leading political roles in Ukraine's Lviv Oblast from 2009 until December 2013.

In 2009-2013 served as the head of the Department of Economics and the head of the Department of Economic Development, Investment, Trade and Industryat the Lviv Oblast Administration.

In 2015-2017 he was a Vice President of Lviv company Lvivkholod.

In 2018-2019, Shmyhal was a Director of the Burshtyn TES.

From August 2019 till February 2020 he was the Governor of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast.

On 4 February 2020, he became the Minister of Regional Development of Ukraine.

In March 2020, Denys Shmyhal became the Prime Minister of Ukraine.

Shmyhal is married to Kateryna. The couple has two daughters.

Neil Douglas (physician)

Sir Neil James Douglas (28 May 1949 – 23 August 2020) was a Scottish medical doctor. He was president of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (RCPE) from 2004 to 2010 and chairman of the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges (AoMRC) from 2009 to 2012.

Douglas died on 23 August 2020 in Edinburgh, aged 71.

Narendra Patel, Baron Patel

Sir Narendra Babubhai Patel, Baron Patel, (born 11 May 1938) is a British obstetrician and cross bench peer. From 2006 to 2017, he was the Chancellor of University of Dundee. He was born in Lindi, Tanganyika Territory.

Patel became a Member of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in 1969, and a Fellow in 1988. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1999.

Patel received a knighthood in the 1997 Queen's Birthday Honours, and was created a life peer on 1 March 1999, as Baron Patel, of Dunkeld in Perth and Kinross.

Dirk Mudge

Dirk Frederik Mudge (16 January 1928 – 26 August 2020) was a Namibian politician. He was the chairman of the 1975–1977 Turnhalle Constitutional Conference. He also co-founded the Republican Party (RP) of Namibia as well as the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance (DTA). Mudge was a member of the Constituent Assembly and 1st National Assembly until he retired in 1993. Mudge is the founder of Namibia's Afrikaans daily "Die Republikein" and its publisher Namibia Media Holdings. 

Mudge died in Windhoek, Namibia from COVID-19 on 26 August 2020, aged 92.

National Assembly (Namibia)

The National Assembly is the lower chamber of Namibia's bicameral Parliament. Since 2014, it has a total of 104 members. 

96 members are directly elected through a system of closed list proportional representation and serve five-year terms. Eight additional members are appointed by the President.

Parliament of Namibia

Parliament is the law-making body of Namibia's legislature. It is made up of two chambers:

National Council (Namibia)

The National Council is the upper chamber of Namibia's bicameral Parliament. It reviews bills passed by the lower chamber and makes recommendations for legislation of regional concern to the lower chamber.

The 42 National Council members are chosen by regional councils, which are indirectly elected for a term of five years. Each of the 14 regional councils chooses three of its members to serve on the National Council.

South American fur seal

The South American fur seal ("Arctocephalus australis") is a type of fur seal. It breeds on the coasts of Peru, Chile, the Falkland Islands, Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil.

Rand Beers

Rand Beers (born November 30, 1942) is an American government official. He was Deputy Homeland Security Advisor to the President of the United States during the Barack Obama administration. 

He also was acting United States Secretary of Homeland Security following the resignation of Secretary Janet Napolitano on September 6, 2013, until Jeh Johnson replaced her on December 23, 2013.

Hidden-ear frog

The hidden-ear frog or earless water-holding frog ("Ranoidea cryptotis") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Kimberly region in the Ord and Fitzroy Valleys. It lives in Western Australia and small parts of Queensland and the Northern Territory.

The adult male frog is 3.4 to 4.6 cm long. The adult female frog is 3.6 to 4.8 cm long. This frog has a round body and a small head. It does not have any webbing on its front feet. This frog can be gray or brown. Adult frogs can have a mottled pattern. It has five stripes running across its body from the sides. They can be bright orange in color.

This frog waits for wet weather before it lays eggs. It lays its eggs in pools of water. The water can be very hot, 40°C. It can be white and full of clay. The tadpoles can be 4.6 cm long. They have five rows of teeth, two on the top and three on the bottom. The tadpoles take about one month to become frogs.

Aunjanue Ellis

Aunjanue L. Ellis (; born February 21, 1969) is an American actress.

Ellis is best known for her roles in movies "Men of Honor" (2000), "The Caveman's Valentine" (2001), "Undercover Brother" (2002), "Ray" (2004), "" (2008), "The Taking of Pelham 123" (2009) and "The Help" (2011). 

COVID-19 pandemic in Namibia

The COVID-19 pandemic in Namibia is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). 

The Minister of Health and Social Services, Dr. Kalumbi Shangula, announced on 14 March 2020 that the virus had reached Namibia. A Romanian couple constituted the two first cases and recovered after 79 days after their initial diagnosis.

On 17 March 2020, President Hage Geingob declared a which caused the closure of all borders, suspension of gatherings and economic related resolutions. 

No infections were reported from 6 April 2020 to 20 May 2020, however there was a notable increase in cases after this period - possibly due to local transmission.


As of August 2020, Namibia was within the top 20 number of countries with the most COVID-19 cases reported in Africa. 

A total of 166 health care workers tested positive for the virus, increasing the pressure on the health system given that a shortage of health care workers existed even before the pandemic.

On 31 July, the Health Minister announced a small end in quarantine protocols that would account for faster recovery rates. Patients with a positive COVID-19 result will automatically be regarded as recovered 10 days after their infection, given that they do not display symptoms anymore.

Vaccinations started on 19 March 2021, initially with 100,000 doses of the donated by China and 24,000 doses of the purchased through COVAX.

Run out

A run out is a way of getting a batter out in cricket. It involves hitting a wicket with the ball when no batsman is in the ground of that wicket; the batsman who is out is the one who is nearest to that ground, or if both batsmen are in a ground, the batsman who reached that ground second. Run outs can happen when batters are trying to score runs by running between the two grounds.

When a bowler is readying himself to bowl, the ball becomes live; if the nonstriker leaves the ground at the bowler's end before the bowler has thrown the ball, then the bowler can hit the wicket in this ground with the ball to "mankad" the nonstriker.

A stumping is a special type of run out in which the wicketkeeper (the fielder with gloves behind the striking batter) hits the wicket in the ground at the striker's end with the ball when the striker is out of that ground.

Stumpings are not allowed on no-balls; a striker who is not trying to run can only be run out on a no-ball if the wicketkeeper has another fielder help him.

Bowled

In cricket, a batter can be out bowled if the bowler delivers the ball to the batter and it hits the wicket behind the batter before touching anyone other than the batter. When the wicket is hit, one of its 5 sticks must fall to the ground for the batter to be out. A batter can't be bowled if the ball was not delivered legally.

A batter can also be out leg before wicket (LBW) if they use their body to prevent the ball from hitting the wicket.

South American sea lion

The South American sea lion ("Otaria flavescens"), is a type of sea lion. It is also called the Southern Sea lion and the Patagonian sea lion. The South American fur sea lion is found on the Ecuadorian, Peruvian, Chilean, Falkland Islands, Argentinean, Uruguayan, and Southern Brazilian coasts. It is the only member of the genus "Otaria". 

Pseudorandom number generator

A pseudorandom number generator is a way that computers generate numbers. "There is no known way for a computer to generate numbers which are truly random". A computer algorithm can generate numbers which look random.

An analogy is a jar of (numbered) marbles. Humans can reach into the jar and grab "random" marbles. However, to understand pseudo random numbers, we must understand that this process is not random. We decided to reach into the bag based off of our brain giving us a signal to reach in this way, and the marbles themselves being arranged in a certain way.

Pseudo-random number generators are computer routines which tell the computer how to produce a number which "looks" random.

The initial position of the marbles is called the "seed." The seed is used to create the randomness. To come up with the seed some programs use time of day, while others convert background noise into a number.

When you need to get the next random number ("marble") the generator calculates it with some algorithm. It is based on the previous generated number, in turn, depending on the initial "seed." The algorithm is strict, it will always produce the same sequence of random numbers ("marbles") given the same initial "seed".

Subantarctic fur seal

The subantarctic fur seal ("Arctocephalus tropicalis"), is a type of fur seal. It found in the southern parts of the Indian, Pacific, and Atlantic Oceans.

House of Bruce

The House of Bruce began as the lords of Annandale. The most well known member was King Robert the Bruce. He beat the English army at the Battle of Bannockburn and became king. He died in 1329. He was succeeded by King David II, his son. He was deposed by Edward Balliol.

David II died at Edinburgh Castle at age 46. With him the House of Bruce ended.

African civet

The African civet ("Civettictis civetta") is a large type of civet in the family Viverridae. It is native to Sub-Saharan Africa . It is a Least Concern species. In some countries, it is threatened by hunting, and wild African civets are kept for producing civetone to make some types of perfume.

Bete-ombro

Bete-ombro, also known as tacobol, bets, or pau na lata, is a Brazilian form of street cricket. There are two teams of two players, one which has the bat, and the other having the ball, and there are two wickets. 

A player from one team throws the ball from one wicket to the other, while a player from the other team holding a bat stands at the other wicket. The batter can hit the ball and then run between the wickets to score runs, while his partner does the same but crossing him. If the ball is thrown at a wicket before a player from the batting team gets to it, then the teams swap. 


Plaquita

La plaquita or la placa is a form of street cricket played in the Dominican Republic. It involves two teams of two players, and two wickets (which can be license plates, known as "placas" in Spanish). Players from one team run between the wickets to score runs, but can't score anymore if the wicket is hit with the ball when that team's players are too far away from the wicket. 


Bottom (TV series)

Bottom is a British television sitcom created by Adrian Edmondson and Rik Mayall. It was first broadcast on BBC2 between 1992 and 1995. The show stars Edmondson and Mayall as two poor, perverted flatmates in Hammersmith, London. The show uses violent slapstick comedy.

Two stage shows between 1993 and 2003; and one movie, "Guest House Paradiso" (1999), were also made about "Bottom". In 2004, "Bottom" was voted number 45 in a poll for "Britain's Best Sitcom".

'*' = Episodes featuring only the two main characters
<br>'+' = Episodes where no part of the episode is set in the flat

Alexander Taraikovsky

Alexander Taraikovsky (26 March 1986 – 10 August 2020) was a participant in protests against the false numbers of the 2020 Belarusian presidential election. He was shot dead point-blank (from a very close range) by special forces officers on August 10, 2020, in Minsk. The government-run media tried to present it as something that happened through his own carelessness (failure to take the care that a cautious person usually takes).

He was shot by the police on the evening of August 10, 2020, near Pushkinskaya metro station in Minsk. 

He was buried at Western cemetery in Minsk on August 15, 2020. The death of Taraikovsky caused more protests.

On December 21, 2020, the representative of the public initiative "Belarusian People's Tribunal" Igor Makar published the materials of the preliminary investigation. They claimed that Aleksandr Taraikovsky was deliberately and cynically killed by an employee of the Special Anti-Terrorist Unit "Almaz" Korovin Nikita Yuryevich ( born in 1993), with the complicity of other unidentified employees of this special forces unit.

On February 2, 2021, TUT.BY got the results of the audio test of the recording made by BYPOL. Nikolai Karpenkov the chief of GUBOPiK (a special police unit in Belarus) is heard to say that he was shot by the police. The expert test made it clear that the Nikolai Karpenkov's voice is on the record and there are no signs of changes made to it.

On September 17, 2020, European Parliament spoke on the situation in Belarus. It printed a decision, supported by many people in the parliament, calling for an "independent and effective investigation" into the death of Alexander Taraikovsky related to the protests.

On November 19, 2020, Jim Gilmore, United States Ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, spoke on a three-month end of the investigation into the death of Alexander Taraikovsky. He said that it is another sign of “the impunity with which Belarusian security forces pursue their violent crackdown on peaceful protesters.”

On November 26, 2020, European Parliament spoke on the situation in Belarus. It printed a decision calling for a "prompt, thorough, impartial and independent investigation into the death of Alexander Taraikovsky."

Gerald Carr

Gerald Paul "Jerry" Carr (August 22, 1932 – August 26, 2020) (Col, USMC, Ret.) was an American mechanical and aeronautical engineer, United States Marine Corps officer, naval aviator, and NASA astronaut. 

He was Commander of Skylab 4, the third and final crewed visit to the Skylab Orbital Workshop, from November 16, 1973, to February 8, 1974.

Carr was born in Denver, Colorado. He studied at the University of Southern California and at Princeton University. 

Carr died in Albany, New York on August 26, 2020, four days after his 88th birthday.

Edward Gibson

Edward George "Ed" Gibson (born November 8, 1936) is a former NASA astronaut, pilot, engineer, and physicist.

Gibson was selected as part of NASA Astronaut Group 4, the first group of scientist-astronauts. He was on the support crew of Apollo 12, the second Moon landing mission. He worked on the development of the Skylab space station. 

In 1973–74, Gibson made his only flight into space as science pilot aboard Skylab 4, the third and final crewed flight to Skylab. He, along with Commander Gerald Carr and Pilot William Pogue, spent just over 84 days in space.

Gibson resigned from NASA in December 1974, but returned in 1977 to preside over the selection of scientist-astronaut candidates. Gibson retired from NASA for the last time in October, 1982.

José Lamiel

José Asensio Lamiel (29 January 1924 – 26 August 2020) was an Aragonese painter and sculptor. He was born in Calanda, Spain. 

He studied at the San Carlos Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Valencia.

In the 1960s he moved to Colombia and worked there for six years. He also worked in the United States, before returning to Spain. In 1989 he was awarded the Cruz de San Jorge by the provincial government of Teruel.

Lamiel died on 26 August 2020 in Alcalá de Henares, Spain at the age of 96.

Philippine Space Agency

The Philippine Space Agency (PhilSA) is the organization within the government of the Philippines that sends satellites and other objects into outer space.

PhilSA was made by "Republic Act No. 11363" that became a law in August 8, 2019.

The Philippines did some space projects before PhilSA became an official organization. Philippines’ Advanced Science and Technology Institute (DOST-ASTI) put the first Filipino-made object into orbit, DIWATA-1, in 2016. The second was Agila 2 in 2018.

The buildings and other things for PhilSA are scheduled to be finished in 2022. In 2020, it operates in the Clark Special Economic Zone in Pampanga and Tarlac, which used to be an American air base.

Winifred Mitchinson

Winifred Mitchinson is a New Zealand born Model/Actress. She is best known for winning Playboy Playmate of the Year in 1988 for Australian Playboy Magazine. She modelled for Australian Playboy Magazine under the name of Desiree Brown. She married Scott Mitchinson in 1990, who she met on the Red Carpet of the premiere for Crocodile Dundee 2. They have one child named Alexander Mitchinson also known as Mc Medicinal, an actor & rapp artist. Scott worked as First Assistant Film Editor on Crocodile Dundee 2, which was directed by John Cornell. Scott also was First Assistant editor to Leon Gast, director for When We Were Kings, feature length academy award winning documentary about B B King & Muhummad Ali at the 3 day soul festival in Africa in 1974.

Europa Europa

Europa Europa (, lit. "Hitler Youth Salomon") is a 1990 German French Polish World War II drama movie directed by Agineszka Holland and based on the 1989 autobiographical novel by Solomon Perel. It stars Marco Hofschneider, Julie Delpy, Hanns Zischler, Piotr Kozlowski, André Wilms and was distributed by Orion Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1992.

Ørnulf Tofte

Ørnulf Tofte (12 February 1922 – 26 August 2020) was a Norwegian police officer. He was an important person in the Norwegian intelligence service during the Cold War. He was born in Oslo.

He was Assistant Chief of Police and Head of counter-intelligence in the Police Surveillance Agency. Tofte found several illegal Soviet spies and personally arrested Asbjørn Sunde, Gunvor Galtung Haavik and Arne Treholt. 

Tofte died on 26 August 2020 in Bærum, Norway at the age of 98.

Tim Renton

Ronald Timothy Renton, Baron Renton of Mount Harry, (28 May 1932 – 25 August 2020) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was a Member of Parliament between 1974 to 1997. 

He was Minister of State for Immigration between 1987 to 1989 in the Thatcher cabinet and as Minister for the Arts between 1990 to 1992 in the Major cabinet. 

He was a member of the House of Lords between 1997 to 2016.

Renton died on 25 August 2020, aged 88.

Helmuth Schmidt

Helmuth Schmidt was an American con-man, swindler, and suspected serial killer. From 1913 to 1917 he was suspected in the swindling of at least three women and was connected in deaths of at least two other women[1 missing 1 dead]. After his death, following the search of his properties, he was connected to the disappearences of three more women, with additional located jewelry and watches indicating other possible victims in New York and Missouri.


Upon his arrest, Helmuth confessed that he had burned Steinbach's body, but alleged that she had killed herself with poison following his refusal to instantly marry her and a subsequent quarrel on March 11. Fearing that his wife and daughter would return soon from the cinema, Schmidt dragged the body to the cellar, lifted it through a window and then buried it under his porch. Three months after the incident, he claimed that he dug up the body, cut it up with a cleaver and then burned the pieces in the furnace. She was his last known victim. He committed suicide in his jail cell in 1918.

Laurent Akran Mandjo

Laurent Akran Mandjo (5 November 1940 – 25 August 2020) was an Ivorian Roman Catholic bishop. He was Bishop of Yopougon from 1982 to 2015. He was born in Songon, French West Africa.

Mandjo died on 25 August 2020 in Abidjan at the age of 79.

Take the Money and Run

Take the Money and Run is a 1969 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and also starring Janet Margolin, Marcel Hillaire, Lonny Chapman, Jan Merlin, James K Anderson, Mark Gordon, Mike O'Dowd. It was distributed by Cinerama Releasing Corporation.


Tommy Joe Coffey

Tommy Joe Coffey (November 18, 1936 – August 25, 2020) was an American-born Canadian Football League (CFL) player. He was a wide receiver and place kicker for the Edmonton Eskimos, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Toronto Argonauts. He was born in Texas. His career lasted from 1959 to 1973.

Coffey died on August 25, 2020 at the age of 83.

Erik Allardt

"Erik" Anders Allardt (9 August 1925 – 25 August 2020) was a Finnish sociologist. Allardt was professor of sociology at the University of Helsinki between 1955 and 1991, and as chancellor of Åbo Akademi University between 1992 and 1994. He was born in Helsinki.

Allardt died on 25 August 2020 in Helsinki at the age of 95.



Wolfgang Uhlmann

Wolfgang Uhlmann (29 March 1935 – 24 August 2020) was a German chess grandmaster. He was East Germany's most successful professional chess player. 

He won the German Democratic Republic (GDR) national championship 11 times from 1954 to 1986. He was the GDR's most outstanding player at the Chess Olympiads of 1956–1990, where he made 11 appearances.

At the 1964 event in Tel Aviv, he scored a combined 15 points out of 18, earning him the individual board one gold medal. 

An individual bronze medal, for a combined score of 13 points out of 18, followed in 1966 at Havana.

Uhlmann died on 24 August 2020 from a fall, aged 85.

Mark Sertich

Mark Sertich (July 18, 1921 – August 24, 2020) was an American ice hockey player. Sertich died on 24 August 2020 in Duluth, Minnesota at the age of 99.

Mark was born on July 18, 1921 in Duluth, Minnesota. His parents were from Yugoslavia, Croatians by nationality. He was first introduced to hockey at the age of 10.

Initially, he competed without skates, later winning them as a consolation prize for second place in one of the competitions.Later, in an interview, he recalled: “In the beginning, I played hockey without skates, in those days it was considered good luck if your parents could buy you at least a stick.”After graduating from school, Sertich got a job.

His father died, and so he had to provide for his family.

In 1942, he was drafted into the US Armed Forces, participated in the battles of World War II and was one of those who liberated the Mauthausen concentration camp in Austria.

After the war, Mark quickly adapted to civilian life - he returned to work as an office manager, and in his spare time began to develop hockey in his native Duluth.

He organized the construction of an outdoor hockey rink - he beat officials for money to buy building materials, prepared all the necessary documents.

The new ice rink became a center of attraction for local kids, Sertich created a children's hockey team and coached it for many years, and also led the Duluth Amateur Hockey Association permanently.

Fauna (disambiguation)

Fauna is a collective term for animal life.

Fauna may also refer to:

Magdalen Redman

Magdalen "Mamie" Redman (July 2, 1930 – August 22, 2020) was an American baseball catcher and utility infielder. She played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She batted and threw right-handed.

Redman was born in Waupun, Wisconsin. She played for Kenosha Comets from 1948 to 1949 and for Grand Rapids Chicks between 1950 to 1954.

Redman died in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin on August 22, 2020 at the age of 90.

Waupun, Wisconsin

Waupun is a city in Dodge and Fond du Lac counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 11,340 at the 2010 census. 

Oconomowoc, Wisconsin

Oconomowoc ( ") is a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 15,712 at the 2010 census. 

Nemertodermatida

Nemertodermatida is a class of Acoelomorpha, comprising 18 species of millimetre-sized turbellariform, mostly interstitial worms.

Miron Sher

Miron Naumovich Sher (Russian: Мирон Наумович Шер; June 29, 1952 – August 21, 2020) was an influential Ukrainian-born American chess grandmaster. In 1981, at age 29, Sher became a chess coach for the Russian national team, a role he held until 1985.

Sher became an international master in 1988 and a grandmaster in 1992.

In 1991, when the Soviet Union dissolved, Sher became a Russian citizen. 

Sher died August 21, 2020, in New York City at the age of 68.


A. R. Lakshmanan

Arunachalam Chettiar Lakshmanan, B.A., B.L., (22 March 1942 – 27 August 2020) was an Indian politician and lawyer. He was a Judge of the Supreme Court of India between 2002 and 2007. He was Chairman of the Law Commission of India between 2006 and 2009.

Lakshmanan died on August 27, 2020 in Devakottai, Tamil Nadu from cardiac arrest, aged 78.

Keri Kaa

Hohi Ngapera Te Moana Keri Kaa (1942 – 26 August 2020) was a New Zealand writer, educator and activist for te reo Māori. 

During her time in Wellington, Kaa was involved with the Haeata Women's Collective (a group of Māori women artists), the "Herstory" diary project, and the Waiata Koa collective.

Her children's book "Taka Ki Ro Wai", written in the Waiapu dialect of te reo, won the inaugural Māori language category in the New Zealand Post Book Awards for Children and Young Adults and honored in the National Design Awards for creative director Martin Page's work.

Kaa died on 26 August 2020, aged 78.

Bluestar's Prophecy

Bluestar's Prophecy is a teen fantasy novel in the "Warriors" series by Erin Hunter. This is the second "Warriors" "Super Edition" (a standalone story that is longer than most "Warriors" books). The main character is a cat named Bluestar. The book tells her life story, from her birth to the day she becomes leader of a group of cats called ThunderClan. It was published by HarperCollins and released on 28 July 2009.

Bluestar is called Bluekit, Bluepaw, and Bluefur during different parts of her life.

"Bluestar's Prophecy" follows the life of Bluestar, the leader of ThunderClan. The book starts with a prologue that recounts Bluestar's death in "A Dangerous Path". The book then goes back to Bluestar's childhood, during which Goosefeather, the Clan's medicine cat, receives a prophecy about Bluepaw being a fire that will blaze through the forest, but who will be destroyed by water. A few moons later, Bluepaw's mother, Moonflower, is killed in a battle.

Bluestar's childhood is defined by her relationship with her sister, Snowfur, which is damaged when Snowfur falls in love with Thistleclaw, whom Bluefur finds arrogant and untrustworthy. Snowfur is later killed when she is hit by a car, leaving a heartbroken Bluefur to care for Snowfur's son, Whitekit.

Bluefur later meets a RiverClan warrior named Oakheart, and although they do not like each other at first, they eventually fall in love. They decide to spend one night together, but agree that for the good of their Clans, they will never meet again afterwards. One moon later, Bluefur is horrified to find out that she is expecting kittens. Thrushpelt, a ThunderClan warrior with feelings for Bluefur, offers to help her take care of her kits. Bluefur accepts his offer, allowing the rest of ThunderClan to believe that Thrushpelt is the father of her kits.

Sunstar, ThunderClan's leader, tells Bluefur that he was planning to make her ThunderClan's new deputy (second-in-command), but because of her kittens, he will promote Thistleclaw to deputy instead. After having a vision of Thistleclaw drenched in blood, Bluefur realizes that allowing him to become deputy and then leader would be deadly to the Clan. She decides to take her three kits to Oakheart and let them be raised in RiverClan. During this, one of her kits, Mosskit, freezes to death. Her other kits, Mistykit and Stonekit, make it to RiverClan. She explains the disappearance of her kits by pretending they have been taken by a starving fox.

Without her kits, Bluefur is made deputy. After Sunstar dies, she becomes leader, taking on the name Bluestar. After successfully leading ThunderClan for several seasons, she receives a prophecy from the ThunderClan medicine cat (healer), Spottedleaf: “Fire alone can save our Clan.” Later, while walking by a human town, she catches sight of a bright ginger house cat named Rusty. Recognizing him as the cat from Spottedleaf's prophecy, she names him Firepaw and takes him into ThunderClan.

Ted Grace

Edward Laurence Grace (13 March 1931 – 22 August 2020) was a Welsh-born Australian politician. He represented the Australian Labor Party (ALP) in the House of Representatives from 1984 to 1998, representing the seat of Fowler. Grace was born in Swansea, Wales.

Grace died on 22 August 2020 in New South Wales, aged 89.

Cinderella (Disney character)

Cinderella is a fictional Disney Princess. She is the main character of the 1950 Disney movie "Cinderella", which is based on the fairy tale of Cinderella.

Yellowfang's Secret

Yellowfang's Secret is a teen fantasy novel written by Cherith Baldry under the pen name Erin Hunter. It is the fifth "Super Edition" in the "Warriors" novel series. "Yellowfang's Secret" was first released in hardcover on 9 October 2012. It focuses on a cat named Yellowfang, who lives with forest cats who call themselves Clans.

"Yellowfang's Secret" follows Yellowfang, the ThunderClan medicine cat (healer), during her early life in ShadowClan. Yellowfang trains as a warrior apprentice (a cat who hunts and fights), but realizes that she would do better as a medicine cat. The story in the book takes place at the same time as the other Super Editions "Bluestar's Prophecy" and "Crookedstar's Promise". It is written for readers 8-12 years old.

Yellowfang is called Yellowkit when she is born. She is born in ShadowClan. Her parents are Brightflower and Brackenfoot. Her siblings are Nutkit and Rowankit. Yellowfang has a special power: she feels other cats' pain as if it were hers. When she is small, both she and Nutkit have pain in their stomach one day, even though Nutkit is the only one who is really sick.

When Yellowkit is older, she is renamed Yellowpaw. A cat named Deerleap teaches her how to be a warrior, where she will hunt and fight for her Clan. She becomes close with a cat called Raggedpelt. The other cats do not like Raggedpelt because the think his father might have been a house cat (Clan cats do not like house cats because they think they are lazy). Yellowpaw tries to help Raggedpelt find out who his father was. But when they find out his father really was a house cat, things become worse for Raggedpelt. Hal, Raggedpelt's father, rejects Raggedpelt, and then Raggedpelt kills Hal. Another female cat, Foxheart, also likes Raggedpelt, but Raggedpelt likes Yellowpaw.

Yellowpaw is eventually renamed Yellowfang, and she completes her training and becomes a warrior. Sagewhisker, the ShadowClan medicine cat, convinces Yellowfang that her ability to feel other cats' pain would make her a very good medicine cat. At first, Yellowfang wants to stay as a warrior instead, but later she changes her mind. Yellowfang becomes Sagewhisker's apprentice and takes the medicine cat's vows. In this book, being a medicine cat means never having a mate or kittens. But Yellowfang stays with Raggedpelt in secret, against the rules.

Yellowfang finds out that she is pregnant. Because this is against the medicine cat rules, Yellowfang gives birth in secret. Only one kitten survives. She names the kitten Brokenkit and gives it to Raggedpelt. The Clan thinks Foxheart is Brokenkit's mother. However, he is nursed by a cat named Lizardstripe, who is mean to him. Her kittens also bully him. Brokenkit grows up angry and misguided. Eventually, Brokenkit becomes a warrior and is renamed Brokentail. He eventually becomes the deputy (second-in-command) of the Clan. Brokentail trains the young cats of his Clan harshly. When Raggedpelt (who has become leader of ShadowClan and is now called Raggedstar) tells Brokentail it is too much, Brokentail pretends to agree, but seceretly plans to kill him, so that he can become leader of the Clan. Brokentail's plan works, and he makes it look like cats from another Clan, WindClan, killed Raggedpelt.

Brokentail becomes Brokenstar. He rules ShadowClan cruelly. Using his father's death as an excuse, he has ShadowClan attack WindClan, eventually driving them out. He begins training kittens before they are six months old, which is against the rules the Clans live by. He tells old cats to leave the camp and fend for themselves, which is also against the Clan's rules. When a kitten dies in battle, Yellowfang speaks up against Brokenstar's cruelty, which leads Brokenstar to set up another plan: falsely accusing her of the deaths of two other kittens, and banishing her from the Clan.

Yellowfang leaves and she goes to ThunderClan territory, where, exhausted by rage and hunger, she is attacked by a ThunderClan cat named Firepaw. After a brief fight, Yellowfang admits defeat. Yellowfang is taken to the ThunderClan camp, where she slowly comes to love ThunderClan, and is eventually invited to stay there for good.

A bonus comic scene at the end of the book shows Yellowfang killing Brokenstar with a poisonous berry, in an attempt to put right everything she has done wrong in her life.

Barnes & Noble said this book was "an epic stand-alone adventure." It has a ranking of 4.7 out of 5 stars on the Barnes & Noble website.

Judith Ivey

Judith Lee Ivey (born September 4, 1951) is an American actress and theatre director. She twice won the Tony Award for her roles in "Steaming" (1981) and "Hurlyburly" (1984).

Tamara Tunie

Tamara Tunie (born March 14, 1959) is an American actress, director, and producer. She is best known for her roles as attorney Jessica Griffin on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" (1987-1995, 2000-2007, 2009), and as medical examiner Melinda Warner in the NBC police drama "" (2000-2019). 

Youghiogheny River

The Youghiogheny River , or the Yough (pronounced Yok ) for short, is a tributary of the Monongahela River in the U.S. states of West Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania. It drains an area on the west side of the Allegheny Mountains northward into Pennsylvania.

Connellsville, Pennsylvania

Connellsville is a city in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States, southeast of Pittsburgh on the Youghiogheny River, a tributary of the Monongahela River. It is part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area. The population was 7,031 at the 2020 census.

Alma G. Stallworth

Alma G. Stallworth (November 15, 1932 – August 25, 2020) was an American Democratic politician and businesswoman. She was in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1971 to 1974, 1983 to 1996 and from 2003 to 2004. She also founded the Black Caucus Foundation of Michigan in 1985. Stallworth was born in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Stallworth died on August 25, 2020 in Detroit, Michigan at the age of 87.

Angolan genet

The Angolan genet or miombo genet ("Genetta angolensis") is a type of genet. It only lives in Southern Africa. It is very common in Southern Africa. It is a Least Concern species.

Asian palm civet

The Asian palm civet ("Paradoxurus hermaphroditus") is a type of Viverrid. It comes from South and Southeast Asia. It is a Least Concern species. In Indonesia, it is threatened by poaching and illegal buying and selling of wild animals; buyers use it to make kopi luwak, a type of coffee that is eaten and excreted by the animal.

Brown palm civet

The brown palm civet ("Paradoxurus jerdoni"), is a type of palm civet. It is also called the Jerdon's palm civet. It only lives in the Western Ghats of India.

Dancer in the Dark

Dancer in the Dark is a 2000 musical drama movie directed by Lars von Trier and stars Björk, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse, Peter Stormare, Cara Seymour, Joel Grey, Jean-Marc Barr, Vincent Paterson, Željko Ivanek, Udo Kier. It was distributed by Fine Line Features and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2001. It stars many people from different countries, those being: Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, Italy, Britain, France, Sweden, Finland, Iceland, Argentina, Norway, Taiwan, and Belgium.


Kanuites

Kanuites is an extinct genus of viverrid carnivore. It lived in Africa, during the Miocene epoch. The viverrids are a group of civet cats, and the group is rather cat-like in its form and life-style.

"Kanuites" was about long, and looked very similar to modern genets. It was probably an omnivore and may have had retractable claws, like a feline. It may have lived in trees for part of its life.

University of Wrocław

The University of Wrocław is a public university in Wrocław, Poland. It was started in 1702 by Leopold I (Holy Roman Emperor), and has nearly 25,000 students.

The first attempt to found a university in Wroclaw was in 1505. The initiator was Vladislav II. Due to wars, lack of money, the university was not opened.

In 1702, the Society of Jesus founded a university called Leopoldina. It had the only faculty of philosophy and сatholic theology. 

In 1811, as a result of a reform, the universities in Breslau and Frankfurt an der Oder were merged. The university was called Silesian Friedrich Wilhelm University. Here students studied at 5 faculties — Catholic theology, Protestant theology, law, philosophy and medicine. The University of Breslau became the first German university to have both Catholic and Protestant faculties. 

After the end of World War II, the German university in the city was closed and then transformed into a Polish state university, which was officially opened on June 9, 1946. 

In 1952 — 1989 the university was named after the President of Poland Bolesław Bierut. 

In 2001, there were celebrations in Wroclaw dedicated to the 300th anniversary of the foundation of the University. 

The University of Wroclaw is a higher education institution in the Republic of Poland. 

There are 10 departments that provide 44 areas of study, classes are mostly Polish, with only some in English. The University of Wrocław provides Bachelor, Master, and Doctoral level programmes. 

Teaching at the university is conducted at the following faculties: 



Cape genet

The Cape genet ("Genetta tigrina"), is a type of genet. It is also called the South African large-spotted genet. It only lives in South Africa. It is a Least Concern species. Like other genets, it is nocturnal and arboreal. It prefers riparian zones of forests, as long as these are not marshy places.

Knife-footed frog

The knife-footed tree frog, olive water-holding frog or desert collared frog ("Ranoidea cultripes") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Western Australia, the Northern Territory, Queensland, New South Wales and South Australia.

The adult male frog is 4.1 cm long and the adult female frog is 4.3 cm long. Their front feet are not webbed and their back feet have only a little webbing. This frog digs in the ground to make a burrow, where it hides. This frog is gray-brown or olive-brown in color with a thin stripe in the middle of its back down its spine.

This frog lives on flood plains near small streams. It comes aboveground after rain. Scientists do not know what its tadpoles are like.

Laurinburg, North Carolina

Laurinburg is a city in and the county seat of Scotland County, North Carolina, United States. The population at the 2020 Census was 14,978 people.

Clyde Hill, Washington

Clyde Hill is a city located in King County, Washington. It is part of the Eastside region, located to the east of Seattle. The population was 2,984 at the 2010 census.

Dahl's aquatic frog

Dahl's aquatic frog, the northern waterfrog, Dahl's olive tree frog, Dahl's tree frog, floodplain frog, northern lagoon frog or aquatic frog ("Ranoidea dahlii") is a tree frog from Australia and New Guinea. Most of them live in Western Australia and the Northern Territory. There are a few more in Queensland and New Guinea.

This frog lives near bodies of water that either take months to dry up or do not dry up at all. During the day, it sits next to the water. When the weather is dry, it finds a crack in the ground to hide in. Scientists do not know what the eggs or tadpoles are like.

Half dollar

The United States Half dollar is the largest US coin currently produced and in circulation measuring at 1.2 inches in diameter and 0.08 inches in thickness. It is worth half of a dollar, or 50 cents.
It is worth the equivalent of 50 pennies, 10 nickels, 5 dimes, or 2 quarters.
The US president shown on the half dollar is John F. Kennedy
Half dollars are 2 times the weight of a US quarter dollar.
Half dollars were first minted in 1964 and are still being minted, however they are hard to find at most banks since not many people use half dollar coins anymore.

Free culture

Free culture is a concept and a movement that tries to help people share art very freely. It says copyright laws are too strict and tries to create a less limiting system. The word "free" In "free culture" means "freedom", not price.

The beginning of the movement is connected to Lawrence Lessig who has written a book named Free Culture and started Creative Commons, an organization that supports things like free culture and education. The movement is similar to free software movement but focuses on all art works, e.g. images or songs. Some free cultural works are for example the movie Big Buck Bunny or files at Wikimedia Commons. Wikipedia is also part of free culture because it uses a free license for its articles.

Works, for example movies, that respect free culture are called "free cultural works" or simply "free works". These works have to allow anyone to:


The artist who creates something can make it free by adding a free license to it. Most famous free licenses are Creative Commons (CC) licenses. However, not all Creative Commons licenses are free (some for example prohibit commercial use or changing the work). The free CC licenses are CC0, CC-BY and CC-BY-SA.

MOS Technology 6502

The MOS Technology 6502 is an 8-bit microprocessor developed by MOS Technology in 1975. When It was introduced it was highly praised for its cost and is still being produced to this day as the 65C02 by the Western Design Center (WDC).

Many popular home video games consoles and computers such as the Atari 2600, Atari XL, BBC Micro, Commodore 64, Nintendo Entertainment System and other systems have used the 6502 and variants of it as its main processor.

BBC Micro

The BBC Micro or the Beeb was an 8-bit home computer from 1981. Acorn Computers developed and built the BBC Micro. Over 1.5 million units were sold during its lifespan. For many children in the UK, the BBC Micro was their first exposure to computers because many were in schools. An estimated 80% of schools in the UK had a BBC Micro computer.

Nine models of the BBC Micro were produced, and the Model B was the most common, the BBC Master series with an upgraded 128KB of RAM and other refinements and various other models such as RAM upgraded Model B's and a version for North America that outputted an NTSC video signal.


Urban morphology

Urban morphology is the field of research, study, study, and design of the form of human settlement and the process of their formation and change. This study seeks to understand the spatial structure and nature of: "metropolis, city, town, neighborhood, compound, or agricultural locality" of any kind, by examining the patterns of the component parts Its and the ownership or control and given of the form of land uses. Usually the analysis of the physical form focuses on the pattern of the street, the plot (or for example in UK "the plot") and the building patterns. Land use analysis specifically is usually conducted using cartographic sources and the development process is derived from a comparison of historical maps. Special attention is paid to how the physical shape of a city changes over time and how different cities compare to each other. Another significant part of this research profession deals with the study of the social forms that are expressed in the physical arrangement of a city, and vice versa, how the physical form produces or recreates various social forms.



Cameo Kirby

Cameo Kirby can refer to:


Mother-of-pearl

Mother of pearl is a smooth shining iridescent substance forming the inner layer of the shell of some molluscs, especially oysters and abalones, used in ornamentation.

Olfactores

Olfactores is a group, called a clade, in taxonomy. Taxonomy is the way scientists put living things in groups to show how they are related to each other. Olfactores is part of the phylum Chordata, animals with notochords. These are rods of tissue that form inside the developing embryo. In many organisms, the notochord helps the spine or nervous system grow, but some animals have only a notochord and no spinal bones. Olfactores contains Vetulicolia, Tunicata (Urochordata) and Vertebrata (also named Craniata). Most animals in Chordata are also in Olfactores. Only the animals in Cephalochordata are in Chordata but not Olfactores.

Scientists started to think taxonomy needed a special name for this group of living things in 2006. They studied large numbers of data and saw a pattern that said the organisms in Olfactores had a relationship with each other that they did not have with cephalochordates. The name "olfactores" comes from Latin word "olfactus" for "sense of smell." Scientists named this clade "Olfactores" because the animals in it grow a pharynx as part of their respiratory system and use it to breathe. Cephalochordates, for example the lancelet, do not have respiratory systems and they do not have any organs whose job is only to smell things.

Jack Dryburgh

Jack "Jackie" Dryburgh (14 January 1939 – 21 August 2020) was a British ice hockey player and coach and administrator. 

He played for many clubs in Scotland and England during the 1950s and 1960s as well as coaching in Aviemore and Solihull. He was a member of the British Ice Hockey Association. She was added into the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 1991. 


Thomas Imrie

Thomas "Red" Imrie (15 July 1937 – 24 August 2020) was a British ice hockey defender. He played in the United Kingdom during the 1950s and 1960s. He also played for the Great Britain national team between 1961 and 1966.

Imrie was honored into the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame in 1987.

Imrie died on 24 August 2020 at the age of 83.


Douglas MacDiarmid

Douglas Kerr MacDiarmid (14 November 1922 – August 26, 2020) was a New Zealand painter. He was known for his diversity and use of colour, and involved with key movements in twentieth-century art. He was born in Taihape, New Zealand. 

MacDiarmid painted the portraits of Rita Angus and Theo Schoon among others.

In 2016, two of his paintings sold through Art+Object for a record price (for the artist) of more than $27,000 each as part of the Tim and Sherrah Francis Collection, the highest grossing art auction in New Zealand history.

Joe Ruby

Joseph Clemens Ruby (March 30, 1933 – August 26, 2020) was an American animator, television editor, writer, and producer. He was the co-founder with Ken Spears of television animation production company Ruby-Spears Productions. He was born in Los Angeles. He helped create "Scooby-Doo", "Dynomutt, Dog Wonder", and "Jabberjaw".

Ruby died of natural causes on August 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 87.

David Bryant (bowls)

David John Bryant (27 October 1931 – 27 August 2020) was a British bowls player. A three-time World (outdoors) singles bowls champion (in 1966, 1980 and 1988) and was also a three-time World indoors singles champion (in 1979, 1980 and 1981) and a four time Commonwealth Games singles gold medalist. He was born in Clevedon, North Somerset, England.

He was thought to be the greatest bowler of all time, winning 19 World and Commonwealth gold medals in total.

Bryant died on 27 August 2020, aged 88.

László Kamuti

László Kamuti (13 January 1940 – 27 August 2020) was a Hungarian fencer. He competed at four Olympic Games in 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972. He was born in Budapest.

Kamuti died on 27 August 2020 in Budapest, aged 80.

Eugene McCabe

Eugene McCabe (7 July 1930 – 27 August 2020) was a Scottish-born Irish novelist, short story writer, playwright, and television screenwriter. He was born in Glasgow. He was known for his written works Cancer trilogy ("Cancer", "Heritage", "Siege") "Tales from the Poorhouse" and "King Of The Castle".

His 1992 novel "Death and Nightingales" has been called by Irish writer Colm Tóibín "one of the great Irish masterpieces of the century"

McCabe died on 27 August 2020 in London, aged 90.

The Drones (Australian band)

The Drones were an Australian rock band, formed in Perth by mainstay lead vocalist and guitarist, Gareth Liddiard in 1997. 

Their second album, "Wait Long by the River and the Bodies of Your Enemies Will Float By" (April 2005), won the inaugural Australian Music Prize. 

In October 2010 their third studio album, "Gala Mill" (September 2006) was listed at No. 21 in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums". Two of their albums have reached the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart, "I See Seaweed" (March 2013) and "Feelin Kinda Free" (March 2016). 

The group went on hiatus in December 2016 with Kitschin and Liddiard forming a new group, Tropical Fuck Storm, in the following year.



Arnaldo Saccomani

Arnaldo Saccomani (August 24, 1949 – August 27, 2020) was a Brazilian music producer, multi-instrumentalist and composer. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. A television personality, he was known for judging the reality shows "Ídolos" and "Qual é o Seu Talento?".

Saccomani died on August 27, 2020 from renal failure caused by diabetes at a hospital in Indaiatuba, Brazil at the age of 71.


Indaiatuba

Indaiatuba is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. It is part of the Metropolitan Region of Campinas. The population is 251.600 (2019 est.) in an area of 311.55 km². 

Shooting of Jacob Blake

Jacob S. Blake is a 29-year-old African-American man who was shot by police in August 2020. He was hit by four of seven shots fired at his back during an arrest by police officer Rusten Sheskey. Blake did not die, but he cannot move his body below his waist. He is paralyzed.

The shooting happened in Kenosha, Wisconsin, on August 23, 2020, as officers were attempting to arrest Blake. There was an arrest warrant against Blake for criminal trespass, domestic abuse, and sexual assault. 

During the encounter, Blake was tasered and scuffled with officers. He was shot as he opened the driver's door to his SUV and leaned in. Three of Blake's sons were in the backseat. 

The shooting was followed by protests, property damage, arson, and shooting deaths in downtown Kenosha.

Both the state of Wisconsin and the U.S. federal government decided not to charge police officer Rusten Sheskey with a crime for the shooting.

Kenosha unrest

In August 2020, in the aftermath of the Jacob Blake shooting, protests in Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States and elsewhere occurred as part of the larger Black Lives Matter movement and reactions to other high-profile police killings of unarmed Black people in 2020. 
After police shot Jacob Blake, many people protested in Kenosha. It was not wholly a peaceful protest. Some people broke into shops and stole the things inside. Some shops were burned down. Armed civilian counter-protesters also came, some of them from other states. They said they wanted to protect businesses.
On August 24, Wisconsin Governor Tony Evers activated the Wisconsin National Guard to protect fire fighters and critical infrastructure in Kenosha.

On August 25, one of the civilian volunteers shot three people, two of whom were later pronounced dead. The shooter was a 17 year old named Kyle Rittenhouse. Rittenhouse later walked towards police vehicles with his hands up and still armed with a semi-automatic rifle, but the police vehicles drove past him. Both the men he killed, Anthon Huber, 26, and Joseph Rosenbaum, 36, were white. Many conservatives thought Rittenhouse did not deserve to go to prison, and an online fund for his $2 million bail was filled.

Kyle Rittenhouse's trial is scheduled to start on November 1. He is charged with homicide: first-degree reckless homicide, first-degree intentional homicide and attempted first-degree intentional homicide. He is also charged with carrying a weapon even though he was under 18 years old, which is illegal in that state. The largest punishment he could get is life in prison.

Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War

Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War is a first-person shooter video game developed by Treyarch and Raven Software and published by Activision. It is the fifth installment of the "Black Ops" series, and the seventeenth installment in the overall "Call of Duty" series.

It is a sequel to "", "Black Ops Cold War" was released on November 13, 2020.

The game's campaign reveal took place on August 26, 2020, and its multiplayer mode was set to be published on September 9th, 2020. It is currently available on PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X, and Windows 8 and 10. It costs 60 USD for the Base game.

"Black Ops Cold War" is set during the early 1980s of the Cold War during the Ronald Reagan presidency. The campaign follows CIA operative Russell Adler as he looks for an alleged Soviet spy, Perseus, whose stated goal is to subvert the United States and tilt the balance of power toward the Soviet Union.


Bob Armstrong

Joseph Melton James (October 3, 1939 – August 27, 2020) was an American professional wrestler. In 2011, he was honored into the WWE Hall of Fame. He wrestled for the National Wrestling Alliance.

In his 50 year career, Armstrong held many championships throughout the Southeastern United States. He was born in Marietta, Georgia.

His four sons, Joseph, Robert Bradley, Steve and Brian, all became wrestlers.

Armstrong died on August 27, 2020 in Pensacola, Florida from bone cancer at the age of 80.

Jay, Florida

Jay is a town in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. The population was 524 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Pensacola–Ferry Pass–Brent Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Brent, Florida

Brent is a census-designated place (CDP) in Escambia County, Florida, United States. The population was 23,447 at the 2020 census. It is a principal city of the Pensacola-Ferry Pass-Brent Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Ferry Pass, Florida

Ferry Pass is a census-designated place (CDP) in Escambia County, Florida. It is a community in Pensacola. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 29,921. The University of West Florida, located in Ferry Pass.

University of West Florida

The University of West Florida (West Florida or UWF) is a public university in Pensacola, Florida. It was opened in 1963 as a member institution of the State University System of Florida.

It is a research university without faculties of law or medicine, a space-grant institution, and the third largest campus in the State University System, at . 

The main campus is a natural preserve that is bordered by two rivers and Escambia Bay. The university's mascot is an argonaut and its logo is the chambered nautilus.

Lute Olson

Robert Luther "Lute" Olson (September 22, 1934 – August 27, 2020) was an American Hall of Fame basketball coach. He was born in Mayville, North Dakota.

He was also honored in the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame (2006) and re-inducted in the class of 2019. 

He was the head coach of the University of Arizona's men's team for 25 years. He was also head coach at the University of Iowa for nine years and California State University, Long Beach for one season.

On October 23, 2008, Olson announced his retirement from coaching.

Olson died on August 27, 2020 under hospice care in Tucson, Arizona from stroke-related problems at the age of 85.

Mayville, North Dakota

Mayville is a city in Traill County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 1,854 at the 2020 census.

Hillsboro, North Dakota

Hillsboro is a city in Traill County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Traill County. The population was 1,649 at the 2020 census. Hillsboro was founded in 1881.

Anthony Provenzano

Anthony Provenzano (May 7, 1917 – December 12, 1988), also known as Tony Pro, was an American mobster. He was a member of the Genovese crime family New Jersey faction. Provenzano was known for his dealings with Teamsters Union director Jimmy Hoffa due to Provenzano's job as an International Brotherhood of Teamsters president for Local 560 in Union City, New Jersey. He was born in New York City.

On December 12, 1988, Provenzano died of a heart attack at Lompoc Federal Penitentiary in Lompoc, California, aged 71.

Avalanche Express

Avalanche Express is a 1979 Irish American adventure movie directed by Mark Robson and was based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Colin Forbes. It stars Lee Marvin, Robert Shaw, Linda Evans, Maximilian Schell, Joe Namath, Horst Buchholz, Mike Connors, Claudio Cassinelli, Sky du Mont, David Hess, Günter Meisner, Cyril Shaps and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Bradley Jones

Bradley or Brad Jones may refer to:



Parenthood (1989 movie)

Parenthood is a 1989 American comedy movie directed by Ron Howard and starring Steve Martin, Dianne Wiest, Mary Steenburgen, Jason Robards, Rick Moranis, Tom Hulce, Martha Plimpton, Keanu Reeves, Harley Jane Kozak, Joaquin Phoenix, Kevin Hart, Dennis Dugan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1990. It was spun off into two television adaptions in 1990 and 2010.


Come Home with Me (movie)

Come Home with Me () is a 1941 Danish drama movie directed by Benjamin Christensen. It stars Bodil Ipsen, Tudlik Johansen, Johannes Meyer, Grethe Holmer, Eigil Reimers, Mogens Wieth, Helga Frier.

Dan Yochum

Dan Yochum (August 19, 1950 – August 26, 2020) was an American-Canadian offensive lineman for the Montreal Alouettes from 1972 to 1980 and the Edmonton Eskimos in 1980. He played for the Canadian Football League. He won three Grey Cups for the Alouettes and was a four-time CFL All-Star.

Yochum was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

Yochum was honored into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2004.

Yochum died on August 26, 2020 at the age of 70.

Harve Presnell

George Harvey Presnell (September 14, 1933 – June 30, 2009) was an American actor and singer. He played Leadville Johnny in the Broadway musical "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" and its movie version.

He appeared in "Fargo" (1996), "Saving Private Ryan" (1998), and "Flags of Our Fathers" (2006).

In 1965, he won a Golden Globe Award.

Presnell died on June 30, 2009, aged 75, from pancreatic cancer at a hospital in Santa Monica, California.

Peter Gallagher

Peter Killian Gallagher (born August 19, 1955) is an American actor, musician and writer. He is best known for his roles as Sandy Cohen in the television drama series "The O.C." from 2003 to 2007, as Deputy Chief William Dodds on ", " Stacey Koons on the Showtime comedy-drama "Californication", and Nick on the Netflix series "Grace & Frankie".

Erick Avari

Erick Avari (born Nariman Eruch Avari; 13 April 1952) is an Indian–American actor. He is known for his roles in "Stargate" (1994), "Independence Day" (1996) and "The Mummy" (1999).

Cao Chunan

Cao Chunan (; August 15, 1930 – August 27, 2020) was a Chinese scientist. His works focused in corrosion and electrochemistry. He was a member of the Jiusan Society. In 1991, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Cao was born in Changshu County, Jiangsu.

Cao died on August 27, 2020 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang at the age of 90.

Józefa Hennelowa

Józefa Maria Hennelowa (1 April 1925 – 22 August 2020) was a Polish publicist, journalist and politician. She was born in Wilno, Poland (now Vilnius, Lithuania). As a journalist, she worked for "Tygodnik Powszechny". Hennelowa was a member of the Sejm from 1989 to 1993.

Hennelowa died in Krakow, Poland on 22 August 2020, aged 95.

Masud Yunus

Mas'ud Yunus (1 January 1952 – 27 August 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Mojokerto, East Java. Yunus was a member of the Democratic Party of Struggle. Between 2013 to 2018, he was mayor of Mojokerto. 

Yunus died on 27 August 2020 at a hospital in Mojokerto from COVID-19, aged 68.

East Java

East Java () is a province of Indonesia. It has a land border only with the province of Central Java to the west.

Mojokerto

Mojokerto ( ("Majakerta")) is a city in East Java Province, Indonesia. It is located 40 km southwest of Surabaya.

Chaim Dov Keller

Chaim Dov Keller (1930August 17, 2020) was an American Haredi rabbi,
Talmudic scholar, and journalist. He was the co-founder and co-rosh yeshiva ("dean") of the Telshe Yeshiva in Chicago. He wrote in Haredi newspapers such as the "Yated Ne'eman" in the United States. He was born in New York City.

Keller was diagnosed with COVID-19 in March 2020. He died on August 17, 2020 in Chicago, aged 90.

David Simon

David Simon's journalistic career began with articles in the school newspaper. After graduating from college in 1983, he came to "The Baltimore Sun", where he worked for twelve years. In the newspaper, Simon dealt with criminal issues. 

In 1991, his first documentary, "Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets. The book was based on his experiences shadowing the Baltimore Police Department homicide unit during 1988." Focusing on work in the series. Simon left the newspaper in 1995. 

Simon was the creator, show runner, executive producer and head writer of the HBO drama series "The Wire". 

Simon produced and wrote "Generation Kill" for HBO with Ed Burns.The miniseries is an adaption of the non-fiction book of the same name. It relates the first 40 days of the 2003 invasion of Iraq as experienced by 1st Reconnaissance Battalion and their embedded reporter, Evan Wright. 

In 2014, HBO greenlit production for Simon's next project "Show Me a Hero." The miniseries is an adaptation of the nonfiction book of the same name by Lisa Belkin and tells the story of Nick Wasicsko, the youngest big-city mayor in the nation who finds himself thrust into racial controversy when a federal court orders to build a small number of low-income housing units in the white neighborhoods of Yonkers, New York. 

Simon is married to writer Laura Lippman. 



Davies' tree frog

Davies' tree frog ("Ranoidea daviesae") is a tree frog from Australia. They live on the Great Dividing Range in New South Wales.

The adult male frog is 5.3 cm long and the adult female is 6.3 cm long. This frog is gold-brown in color. Some frogs have green patches. It has a dark stripe from its nose over its eye and down its body. This frog has ears that are hard to see. It has fewer warts than other frogs in its family.

Davies' tree frog tadpoles are different from other tadpoles. Their mouths have no beaks or teeth.

There are fewer Davies' tree frogs than there were. The IUCN Red List says they are a vulnerable species. Scientists say there are fewer Davies' tree frogs because human beings have changed their places where they live from forests, because of predators, and because there are not enough Davies' tree frogs in one place for them to find unrelated partners and make healthy offspring. They also think the fungus disease chytridiomycosis could kill Davies' tree frogs but no scientist had seen any frogs sick with it as of 2007.

List of rulers of Lithuania

The President of Republic of Lithuania is a official head of government of Lithuania.

Busch Gardens Williamsburg

Busch Gardens Williamsburg is an amusement park located in James City County, Virginia, United States.

SeaWorld Orlando

SeaWorld Orlando is a theme park and marine zoological park in Orlando, Florida.

Justin and the Knights of Valour

Justin and the Knights of Valour is a 2013 Spanish computer animated comic epic movie produced by Kandor Graphics for Entertainment One Films. It stars Freddie Highmore, Saoirse Ronan, James Cosmo, Charles Dance, Tamsin Egerton, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Alfred Molina, Mark Strong, Angela Lansbury, David Walliams, Julie Walters and Olivia Williams. It was released on 13 September 2013.



That Lady in Ermine

That Lady in Ermine is a 1948 American musical movie directed by Ernst Lubitsch and stars Betty Grable, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Cesar Romero. The screenplay by Samson Raphaelson is based on the 1919 operetta "Die Frau im Hermelin" by Rudolph Schanzer and Ernst Welisch. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Clarke County, Virginia

Clarke County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 14,783 people lived there. Its county seat is Berryville.

INaturalist

iNaturalist is an American website where people post scientific information about plants, animals and other living things. Usually, they send photographs of which living things they saw and say where and when they saw them.

iNaturalist works by crowdsourcing, by asking many, many people to work on the project. Some of the people who send information to iNaturalist are professional scientists and some are citizen scientists, ordinary people who want to help scientific projects. iNaturalist sends information to International Union for the Conservation of Nature and other projects that watch endangered animals and other populations. iNaturalist users can help park rangers and other people who work in forests find and identify invasive species, for example kudzu. According to one park ranger from the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in the United States, rangers usually already know an invasive plant is in their park, but iNaturalist and programs like it help them find out exactly where it is. Then they can gather people to remove it.

Parks, conservation programs and research teams in many countries have used iNaturalist, for example the United States, Canada and New Zealand.

Students at the University of California at Berkeley founded iNaturalist in 2008. It was a master's thesis project. Since 2014, the California Academy of Sciences and the National Geographic Society have run iNaturalist together.

People use their smart phones to look at or send information to iNaturalist, usually photographs. Then other users on the website figure out what the is in the picture.

In 2020, iNaturalist launched a smaller program called Seek. Users with Seek can point their phones at a plant or animal and the program will try to tell them its name. According to iNature's Tony Iwane, "Seek's machine-learning model is based entirely on observations from . . the iNaturalist community, so it's really the hard work of thousands and thousands of people on iNaturalist that enables Seek to function."


Prezi

Prezi is a cloud presentation software developed in 2009. The service uses a zoomable user interface that allows you to operate data in 2.5 D and Parallax. 

Prezi is used by 50 million users and 80% of Fortune Global 500 companies. The project was created in Budapest, and the very name "prezi" translated from Hungarian — abbreviated form of the word "presentation". 

The Prezi project (or Prezi.com) was created with the help of Kitchen Budapest and Magyar Telekom. Immediately after its launch, the company entered the international market. 

During the first year, the company had virtually no funding. After 18 months in April 2009, Prezi launched in Budapest, and 5 months later opened an office in San Francisco. The founders of the company won a prize in the European competition of startups The Europas in the nomination "Best founder and co-founder of a startup". Among investors   — Sunstone Capital, TED Conferences, and Accel Partners. 

A Prezi iPhone app was launched in late 2012. 

In March 2014, Prezi pledged $100M in free licenses to Title 1 schools as part of the Obama administration's ConnectED program 

Prezi for Android was launched in 2015, and in June 2016. 

Prezi is developed on Adobe Flash, Adobe AIR and Django, but since 2014 it is also possible to work on JavaScript. 

The product has become extremely popular in education systems and among universities. It is used, in particular, by The Guardian and the TED conference. 

The company runs on the Freemium model, so free users should publish their presentations publicly on the Prezi website. There is a paid service that avoids this. 

Prezi Viewer is a program designed for the iPad that allows you to view presentations created on the Prezi Desktop. Up to 10 users can participate in Prezi Collaborate at the same time. 

The entertainment application Nutshell for iPhone allows you to glue photos into a comics with moving elements. 

Nutshell creates a small square clip based on three images, which can then be posted to Instagram or Twitter.


Blackadder

Blackadder is a British sitcom that first broadcast on BBC1 between 1983 and 1989. There were four parts to the sitcom. All of them were set in different parts of history. All of the series starred Rowan Atkinson, as Edmund Blackadder; and Tony Robinson, as Baldrick. The four series were "The Blackadder", set at the end of the British Middle Ages; "Blackadder II", set in England during Queen Elizabeth I's rule; "Blackadder the Third", set during the British Regency; and "Blackadder Goes Forth", set during World War I.

"Blackadder Goes Forth" was at number 16 in the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes, which was a list made by the British Film Institute. "Blackadder" was at number 2 in the TV poll Britain's Best Sitcom in 2004. "Empire" magazine said it was the 9th-best television show of all time.

Rowan Atkinson said "Blackadder" is "the thing he found the least stressful" to do.

George Polk Awards

The George Polk Awards in Journalism are American journalism awards given every year by Long Island University in the U.S. state of New York. A writer for a PBS group blog named the awards as "one of only a couple of journalism prizes that means anything".

In 1949, Long Island University started the awards in memory of CBS journalist George Polk. Polk was murdered in 1948 while reporting on the Greek Civil War. In 2009, former "New York Times" editor John Darnton was named curator of the George Polk Awards.

Zombie Land Saga

In 2008, high school student Sakura Minamoto plans to become an idol. However, a truck kills her on the morning she goes to submit her application. Ten years later, Sakura is one of seven "legendary" girls from many parts of Japanese history who return as zombies in an idol group known as . They are brought back to life by a man who plans to revive Saga Prefecture.

Cygames announced the anime on July 5, 2018. On August 31, 2018, voice actor Mamoru Miyano announced the anime's cast members.

Crunchyroll streamed the Japanese version with English subtitles. Funimation simulcasted an English version of the anime.

A second season, titled "Zombie Land Saga Revenge", was announced on July 27, 2019.

The opening theme song is . The ending theme song is . Both songs are sung by Franchouchou (Kaede Hondo, Asami Tano, Risa Taneda, Maki Kawase, Rika Kinugawa, and Minami Tanaka). 

The opening theme song, "Adabana Necromancy", charted at #13 in the Oricon Singles Chart on December 10, 2018. It charted at #1 in the Billboard Japan Download Songs chart on the same day.

One of the anime's characters, Lily Hoshikawa, is transgender. "Anime News Network" named the revelation of Lily's gender identity as "the [eighth] episode's biggest talking point". "The Daily Dot" named Lily as "trans Twitter’s latest role model".

"Zombie Land Saga" won the 2019 Tokyo Anime Awards Festival award for Animation of the Year.

A manga adaptation by Megumu Soramichi began on Cygames' "Cycomi" website on October 8, 2018. A stage adaptation, titled "Zombie Land Saga Stage de Do-n!", was scheduled for March 11 to 14, 2020. However, it was delayed to September 5 and 6 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

A special featuring Franchouchou and Dempagumi.inc, , aired on September 1, 2020.

A visual fan book, , was released on September 3, 2020. It has a collaboration song between the two idol groups, .


The Simpsons (season 2)

The 2nd season of The Simpsons first started showing on the Fox network from October 11, 1990 to July 11, 1991. It has 22 episodes. The season started with the episode "Bart Gets an "F"" and ended with "Blood Feud". The season was first put on DVD for Region 1 on August 6, 2002, Region 2 on July 8, 2002, and Region 4 on July 24, 2002. The season's executive producers were Matt Groening, James L. Brooks, and Sam Simon. They were the executive producers for the first season. The episode "Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment" won a Primetime Emmy Award.

"Two Cars in Every Garage and Three Eyes on Every Fish" was the first episode made in the season. "Bart Gets an "F"" was broadcast first because Bart Simpson was liked by many people in 1990. The 2nd season had a new opening sequence. It was shorter than the one before (which was about 90 seconds). In the opening sequence before, it showed Bart taking a bus stop sign. The opening sequence in the 2nd season shows Bart skateboarding past characters that were shown in the first season. There were three opening sequences made for this season. One was 75 seconds, one was 45 seconds, and one was 25 seconds. This was done so that editors of "The Simpsons" could do more with the length of each episode.

Many new characters were first shown in this season: Mayor Quimby, Kang and Kodos, Maude Flanders, Bill and Marty, Dr. Hibbert, Roger Meyers, Jr., Sideshow Mel, Lionel Hutz, Dr. Nick Riviera, the Blue Haired Lawyer, Rainier Wolfcastle, Troy McClure, Groundskeeper Willie, Hans Moleman, Professor Frink, and Comic Book Guy.

After the first season, Fox moved showings of "The Simpsons" from Sundays to Thursday so that more people would see it. It was to be shown on 8:00 PM, which started competition with "The Cosby Show". Producers of "The Simpsons" thought that the competition would make their ratings lower. In the summer of 1990, many news companies made stories about the competition. In this time, NBC had 208 television stations. Fox only had 133. 

"Bart Gets an "F"" (the first episode of the season) got almost the same Neilsen rating as "The Cosby Show". The episode got a rating of 18.4 and "The Cosby Show" got a rating of 18.5. "Bart Gets an "F"" was watched by 33.6 million people, which was more than the "Cosby Show". It was the most watched show on that week. In that time, it was the most watched episode on the Fox network ever. The next episode ("Simpson and Delilah") got a Nielsen rating of 16.2, and "The Cosby Show" got a rating of 18.5 again. "Simpson and Delilah" also had more people who watched it when it was first shown. 

The 3rd episode ("Treehouse of Horror") did not get as many people to watch it as "The Cosby Show" did. After that, "The Cosby Show" had higher ratings than most of the other episode of "The Simpsons" 2nd season. "Three Men and a Comic Book" was the only episode of this season to get a higher Neilsen rating than "The Cosby Show" did. That episode was 23rd and "The Cosby Show" was 26th in the ratings for that week. "The Simpsons" did not get higher ratings again until in the 3rd season with the episode "Homer at the Bat". "The Simpsons" stopped showing on Thursdays in the 6th season.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


The Book of the City of Ladies

The Book of the City of Ladies or Le Livre de la Cité des Dames (published in 1405), is perhaps Christine de Pizan's most famous literary work. Pizan originally wrote Le Livre de la Cité des Dames in Middle French but it was later translated into English (1999). The book serves as her formal response to Jean de Meun's popular "Roman de la Rose". Pizan combats Meun's statements about women by creating an allegorical city of ladies. She defends women by collecting a wide array of famous women throughout history. These women are "housed" in the City of Ladies, which is an imaginary city from the book. As Pizan builds her city, she uses each famous woman as a building block for the walls and houses of the city. Each woman added to the city adds to Pizan's argument towards women as valued participants in society. She also advocates in favour of education for woman.

Part I opens with Christine reading from Matheolus's Lamentations, a work from the thirteenth century that addresses marriage wherein the author writes that women make men's lives miserable. Upon reading these words, Christine becomes upset and feels ashamed to be a woman. The three Virtues then appear to Christine, and tell her that she has been chosen by god to create a city for woman.

In Part II, Lady Rectitude says she will help Christine "construct the houses and buildings inside the walls of the City of Ladies" and fill it with inhabitants who are "valiant ladies of great renown". As they build, Lady Rectitude tells Christine stories of powerful woman that will be housed inside the city. Lady Rectitude also refutes allegations that women are unchaste, inconstant, unfaithful, and mean by nature through her stories. This part closes with Christine addressing women and asking them to pray for her as she continues her work with Lady Justice to complete the city.

In Part III, Lady Justice joins with Christine to "add the finishing touches" to the city, including bringing a queen to rule the city. Lady Justice tells Christine of female saints who were praised for their martyrdom. At the close of this part, Christine makes another address to all women announcing the completion of the City of Ladies. She beseeches them to defend and protect the city and to follow their queen (the Virgin Mary). She also warns the women against the lies of slanderers, saying, "Drive back these treacherous liars who use nothing but tricks and honeyed words to steal from you that which you should keep safe above all else: your chastity and your glorious good name".

A few women who were mentioned include:
Medusa, Helen of Troy, Polyxena, Florence of Rome, Isabeau of Bavaria, Joan of Armagnac, Margaret of Bavaria, Isis, Marie, Duchess of Auvergne, Margaret of Burgundy, Duchess of Bavaria, Marie of Savoy, Countess of Saint-Pol, Anne de Bourbon and The Virgin Mary.

My Joy

My Joy is a 2010 German Ukrainian Dutch road drama movie directed by Sergei Loznitsa and starring Victor Nemets, Olga Shuvalova, Vladimir Golovin, Maria Versami, Vlad Ivanov.


The Restless Breed

The Restless Breed is a 1957 American western movie directed by Allan Dwan and starring Scott Brady, Anne Bancroft. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Mister 880

Mister 880 is a 1950 American comedy movie directed by Edmund Goulding and stars Burt Lancaster, Dorothy McGuire, Edmund Gwenn, Millard Mitchell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Glass Menagerie (1950 movie)

The Glass Menagerie is a 1950 American drama movie directed by Irving Rapper and stars Jane Wyman, Kirk Douglas, Gertrude Lawrence, Arthur Kennedy. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Craig County, Virginia

Craig County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 4,892 people lived there. Its county seat is New Castle.

Culpeper County, Virginia

Culpeper County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 52,552 people lived there. Its county seat is Culpeper.

Cumberland County, Virginia

Cumberland County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 9,675 people lived there. Its county seat is Cumberland.

Mecklenburg County, Virginia

Mecklenburg County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 30,319 people lived there. Its county seat is Boydton.

Essex County, Virginia

Essex County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 10,599 people lived there. Its county seat is Tappahannock.

Maracalagonis

Maracalagonis ("Màra") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 7,959 people lived there. Its area is 101.37 km². It is 86 meters above sea level.

The Mysterious X

The Mysterious X () is a 1914 Danish drama movie directed by Benjamin Christensen (who also starred) and also starring Karen Caspersen, Otto Reinwald, Fritz Lamprecht, Amanda Lund, Bjørn Spiro.

Monserrato

Monserrato ("Paùli") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 19,965 people lived there. Its area is 6.43 km². It is 8 meters above sea level.

Chadwick Boseman

Chadwick Aaron Boseman (November 29, 1976August 28, 2020) was an American actor, playwright, and film producer. He was known for his roles as Jackie Robinson in "42" (2013), James Brown in "Get on Up" (2014), Thurgood Marshall in "Marshall" (2017) and as Black Panther in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, including "Black Panther" (2018). He also starred and produced the 2019 thriller movie "21 Bridges".

In 2021, Boseman posthumously won a Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for his role as Levee Green in "Ma Rainey's Black Bottom". He is also nominated posthumously for an Academy Award for Best Actor.

Chadwick died at his home in Los Angeles from colon cancer on August 28, 2020 at the age of 43.He had been battling the disease since 2016, even though the film studios did not know.

Pula, Sardinia

Pula ("Pùla") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 7,360 people lived there. Its area is 138.92 km². It is 15 meters above sea level.

Quartu Sant'Elena

Quartu Sant'Elena ("Cuàrtu Sant'Alèni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 70,962 people lived there. Its area is 96.41 km². It is 6 meters above sea level.

Quartucciu

Quartucciu ("Cuattùcciu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 13,261 people lived there. Its area is 27.93 km². It is 16 meters above sea level.

Marshall (movie)

Marshall is a 2017 American biographical legal drama movie directed by Reginald Hudlin and written by Michael and Jacob Koskoff. It stars Chadwick Boseman as Thurgood Marshall.

It is about the first African American Supreme Court Justice, and focuses on one of the first cases of his career, the "State of Connecticut v. Joseph Spell". It also stars Josh Gad, Kate Hudson, Dan Stevens, Sterling K. Brown, and James Cromwell.

It was released in the United States by Open Road Films on October 13, 2017. It received positive reviews from critics. 

It received a nomination for Best Original Song for "Stand Up for Something".

Sarroch

Sarroch ("Sarròccu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 5,269 people lived there. Its area is 67.83 km². It is 47 meters above sea level.

Josh Gad

Joshua Ilan Gad (born February 23, 1981) is an American actor, comedian, and singer. He is known for voicing Olaf in the "Frozen" franchise.

Dan Stevens

Daniel Jonathan “Dan “Stevens (born 10 October 1982) is an English actor. He is known for his role as Matthew Crawley in the ITV acclaimed period drama series "Downton Abbey" (2010–12).

He also starred as Sir Lancelot in the adventure movie "" (2014) and as The Beast/Prince in Disney's live action adaptation of "Beauty and the Beast" (2017).

The Traveling Executioner

The Traveling Executioner is a 1970 American comedy drama movie directed by Jack Smight and stars Stacy Keach, Marianna Hill, Bud Cort, Graham Jarvis, James Sloyan, M. Emmet Walsh, Ford Rainey, Logan Ramsey, Val Avery, Charles Tyner.


El Cenizo, Texas

El Cenizo is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Rio Bravo, Texas

Rio Bravo is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Gray, Georgia

Gray is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Jones County.

States General of the Netherlands

The States General of the Netherlands ( ) is the bicameral legislature of the Netherlands made up of the Senate () and the House of Representatives (). Both chambers meet at the Binnenhof in The Hague.


Loco, Oklahoma

Loco is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Seiko Noda

She was the Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications from 3 August 2017 to 2 October 2018.

New Alluwe, Oklahoma

New Alluwe is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Health Promotion Board

Health Promotion Board (Abbr.: HDB; Malay: "Lembaga Penggalakan Kesihatan", Chinese: 新加坡保健促进局) is a statutory board under the Ministry of Health. This board has been established in 2001, and it is responsible in national health promotion and disease prevention programmes in Singapore.

Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa (NGK)

The Dutch Reformed Church (, abbreviated NGK) is a Protestant church in South Africa.

Evangelical Church of Congo

The Evangelical Church of Congo is a Protestant church in the Republic of the Congo.

Free Methodist Church

Free Methodist Church is a Protestant Methodism church.

Hillerstorp

Hillerstorp is a locality in Gnosjö Municipality in Jönköping County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,766 people lived there.

Australian lace-lid

The Australian lace-lid, Day's big-eyed tree frog or lace-eyed tree frog ("Ranoidea dayi") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in northeastern Queensland.

The adult frog is 5.0 cm long. Unlike other male frogs, which can sing in groups, male Australian lace-lids are always at least 1 metre apart from each other when they sing. Scientists think that the males compete against each other for the females, that they are territorial animals.

This frog lives in rainforests, especially mountain rainforests. It will eat almost anything it can catch, usually invertebrates, for example spiders and insects. Its large eyes help it hunt at night.

The female frog lays eggs under rocks in streams where the water flows fast. The eggs are clear and 3.3 to 3.5 mm in diameter. The tadpoles have strong tails so they can swim in the fast water. The tadpoles eat algae on the bottom of the stream. Tadpoles that hatch early become frogs in 3-4 months. Tadpoles that hatch in the fall may stay tadpoles through the winter and become frogs the next year.

Scientists are not sure why this frog is endangered. One idea is that feral pigs have come to their rainforests and rip up the low plants that the frog likes to climb on and hide in. Another idea is that the fugal disease chytridiomycosis could be killing these frogs.

Strang, Oklahoma

Strang is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Valley Park, Oklahoma

Valley Park is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Mutual, Oklahoma

Mutual is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Capital District (Venezuela)

The Capital District () is a federal district of Venezuela. It has an area of 433 km² and there is only one administrative division, Libertador, which contains about half of Caracas, the Venezuelan capital city.


Aragua

Aragua is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Maracay.

Bolívar (state)

Bolívar is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Ciudad Bolívar.

Carabobo

Carabobo is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Valencia.

Delta Amacuro

Delta Amacuro is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Tucupita.

Floyd County, Virginia

Floyd County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 15,476 people lived there. Its county seat is Floyd.

Teilhet, Ariège

Teilhet is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.

Sainte-Foi

Sainte-Foi is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.

Kolkhoz

Kolkhoz (, a contraction of коллективное хозяйство, "collective ownership", kollektivnoye khozaystvo) is the name given to large farms that existed in the Soviet Union, and that were organised as a cooperative. A group of people would run these farms; they also owned the means of production (like the machines they needed), but not the land, which was owned by the state. 

The state also ran farms during that time, which were known as Sovkhoz. These farms existed from about 1917, the date of the October Revolution, to 1991, when the Soviet Union was disbanded. In a Sovkhoz, people were employed, and did not own any means of production. 

As a collective farm, a "kolkhoz" was legally organized as a production cooperative. The Standard Charter of a kolkhoz is a model of cooperative principles in print. It speaks of the kolkhoz as a "form of agricultural production cooperative of peasants that voluntarily unite for the purpose of joint agricultural production based on [...] collective labor". It asserts that "the kolkhoz is managed according to the principles of socialist self-management, democracy, and openness, with active participation of the members in decisions concerning all aspects of internal life".

They imposed detailed work programs and nominated their preferred managerial candidates. Since the mid-1930s, the kolkhozes had been in effect an offshoot of the state sector (although notionally they continued to be owned by their members). Nevertheless, in locations with particularly good land or if it happened to have capable management, some kolkhozes accumulated substantial sums of money in their bank accounts. As a result, many kolkhozes were formally nationalized by changing their status to "sovkhozes". The faint dividing lines between collective and state farms were obliterated almost totally in the late 1960s, when Khrushchev's administration authorized a guaranteed wage to kolkhoz members, similarly to sovkhoz employees. Essentially, his administration recognized their status as hired hands rather than authentic cooperative members. The guaranteed wage provision was incorporated in the 1969 version of the Standard Charter.

Cohabitation

Cohabitation is an arrangement where people who are romantically or sexually attracted to each other live together, without being married. In most cases, the two people will be of opposite sex, but the term can also be used to describe same-sex relationships. Cohabitation has become common in many countries. In these countries, a percentage of children are born outside marriage.

Wyoming toad

The Wyoming toad or Baxter's toad ("Anaxyrus baxteri") is a toad that has become rare. The only living Wyoming toads are in captivity. For example, the Mortenson Lake National Wildlife Refuge in Wyoming breeds these toads. It was listed as "endangered" in 1984, and as "extinct in the wild" in 1991. There were suddenly far fewer Wyoming toads around 1975 and the toad extremely rare by 1980. To prevent extinction, a captive breeding program was started in 1989 at the Thorne Williams Unit. This program produced enough young toads in the first few years to send toads to seven different zoos. In 1998, the Saratoga National Fish Hatchery received toads to breed. Between 1995 and 2006, when the remaining captive toads were moved from the Thorne Williams Unit to the Red Buttes Environmental Biology Laboratory south of Laramie, nearly 46,000 offspring had been produced at the Thorne Williams Unit and released back into the wild. Before the sharp declines occurred, this toad was classified as a subspecies of the Canadian toad.
In nature, the female toad leaves her eggs in the shallow parts of ponds and lakes. The tadpoles swim in the warmest parts of the water.

Adult frogs look for food during the day and hide at night. Sometimes they go into burrows dug by rodents. Adult frogs eat mostly ants but they also eat beetles and other animals without backbones.

Scientists are not sure why the Wyoming toad started to die out in the 1970s. They think it might have been that people were using an insect-killing chemical called Baytex, that seagulls, pelicans and raccoons were eating the toads, or that irrigation for hay growing changed their living space.

Sant Kabir Nagar district

Sant Kabir Nagar is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh.

Greg Berg

Greg Berg (born November 26, 1960) is a voice actor.





Selargius

Selargius ("Ceràxius") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 28,938 people lived there. Its area is 26.67 km². It is 11 meters above sea level.

Sestu

Sestu ("Sèstu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 20,892 people lived there. Its area is 48.32 km². It is 44 meters above sea level.

Settimo San Pietro

Settimo San Pietro ("Sètimu") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 6,755 people lived there. Its area is 23.29 km². It is 70 meters above sea level.

Sinnai

Sinnai ("Sìnnia") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 17,411 people lived there. Its area is 223.91 km². It is 134 meters above sea level.

NeNe Leakes

Linnethia Monique "NeNe" Leakes (; née Johnson; born on December 13, 1967) is an American television personality, actress, presenter, author, and fashion designer. She is best known for having appeared on the reality television series "The Real Housewives of Atlanta" as an original cast member. She is also known for her role as Roz Washington on the Fox comedy-drama series "Glee".

Uta, Sardinia

Uta ("Uda") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 8,604 people lived there. Its area is 134.71 km². It is 6 meters above sea level.

Villa San Pietro

Villa San Pietro ("Santu Pèdru") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,107 people lived there. Its area is 39.89 km². It is 37 meters above sea level.

Falcón (state)

Falcón is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Santa Ana de Coro.

Guárico

Guárico is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is San Juan de Los Morros.

Saint-André-les-Vergers

Saint-André-les-Vergers is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Abentheuer

Abentheuer is a municipality of the district Birkenfeld, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. As of 2019, 432 people lived there.


Fluvanna County, Virginia

Fluvanna County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 27,249 people lived there. Its county seat is Palmyra.

Franklin County, Virginia

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 54,477 people lived there. Its county seat is Rocky Mount.

Giles County, Virginia

Giles County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 16,787 people lived there. Its county seat is Pearisburg.

Ahrenshöft

Ahrenshöft (; ) is a municipality of the district Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Ahrenviöl

Ahrenviöl (, ) is a municipality of the district Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Conflans-Sainte-Honorine

Conflans-Sainte-Honorine is a commune. It is found in the region Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in the north-central of France.

Gloucester County, Virginia

Gloucester County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 38,711 people lived there. Its county seat is Gloucester Courthouse.

Ten Little Indians

The Ten Little Indians is an American nursery rhyme. The term "Indians" in this sense refers to the Native Americans in the United States.

The modern lyrics for this song are:

Songwriter Septimus Winner created an elaborated version of the children's song, called "Ten Little Injuns", in 1868 for a minstrel show.

It is generally thought the song was adapted, possibly by Frank J. Green in 1869 as "Ten Little Niggers". It's also possible, however, that the influence was the other way around, with "Ten Little Niggers" being a close reflection of the text which then became "Ten Little Indians". 

Agatha Christie's book, "And Then There Were None", was first called "Ten Little Niggers" and then "Ten Little Indians".

Due to the use of racist words, modern versions for children usually use "soldier boys" or "teddy bears" as objects in the rhyme.

"Ten Little Indians" is a 1962 pop and rock-n-roll song from the Beach Boys. It's on their studio album "Surfin' Safari".

Several "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" short films used the song. In "Tom Tom Tomcat", Tweety sings the song while writing down the number of Indian cats Granny has taken down so far.

In England's "Mickey Mouse Annual" No. 6, the song was adapted into the comic "10 Little Mickey Kids". It told of little mouse babies who met their end until there were two left.

The Chase

The Chase may refer to:







Clifford Robinson

Clifford Ralph Robinson (December 16, 1966 – August 29, 2020) was an American professional basketball player.

He played 18 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played the first eight seasons of his career with the Portland Trail Blazers, followed by the Phoenix Suns, Detroit Pistons, Golden State Warriors, and New Jersey Nets. 

Robinson received the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award in 1993 and was selected as an NBA All-Star in 1994. He played college basketball for the UConn Huskies.

In March 2019, he had surgery for lymphoma treatment. He died on August 29, 2020, at the age of 53.

2019 Hong Kong extradition bill

The Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation (Amendment) Bill 2019 was a proposed bill in Hong Kong. It would have changed a law that was already there, the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance (Cap. 503) in relation to special submission arrangements and the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Ordinance (Cap. 525). It would have changed the way the government of Hong Kong asked for people to be arrested in any other part of the People's Republic of China, namely mainland China, Macau, and Taiwan, with which it did not already have an existing law. The Fugitive Offenders and Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Legislation (Amendment) Bill 2019 was never passed.

Early in 2018, a 19-year-old Hong Kong resident was arrested in Taiwan for killing his 20-year-old girlfriend. He was tried in Taiwan because the government of Hong Kong had no way to extradite him, to formally ask the government of Taiwan to send him to them as a prisoner. Because of this, people started talking about Hong Kong's criminal law.

In February 2019, the government proposed a change to criminal laws. The law is meant to allow a the government of Hong Kong to arrest anyone suspected of a crime and send them to places where it does not already have a formal extradition treaty, such as mainland China, Macau and Taiwan.

However, organizations like Amnesty International and many Hong Kongers saw that the law could also be used in another way. The law could allow the government to arrest almost any Hong Konger suspected of a crime and send them to be tried in mainland China instead of in Hong Kong. Mainland China has a reputation for unfair trials. They worried that the government would use this to arrest Hong Kongers who spoke against the mainland government and bring them to China as political prisoners and scare the people of Hong Kong.

The government stopped trying to pass the bill on June 15 and formally withdrew it on October 23, 2019.

This bill was one of the reasons Hong Kongers protested in the 2019 Hong Kong protests.


Subzero (horse)

Subzero (nickname: Subbie) (foaled 26 September 1988 in Australia 29 August 2020) was a Thoroughbred racehorse.

Subzero won the 1992 Melbourne Cup. Trained by Lee Freedman and ridden by veteran jockey Greg Hall, the four-year-old revelled in the rain-affected going to defeat the favourite Veandercross and the two-miler Castletown. The win was to be Subzero's last, but, as one of the few grey winners of the race in the post-War era, his fame was assured.

Upon retirement from racing, the big, near-white gelding with a lovely temperament was employed as the clerk of the course's horse by Racing Victoria's long-time Clerk, Graham Salisbury, and has made numerous appearances on television, at charity functions, and at schools. In July 2008, he was fully retired as he had developed arthritis.

In October 2009, it was reported that Subzero might need to be put down as the medication he needed for his arthritis became unavailable in Australia. However the medication was subsequently sourced from the United States, and Subzero continued to appear in public. In his retirement he was gentle natured, very patient with children and remained with Graham Salisbury until Salisbury's death in June 2020.

On 29 August 2020, he was humanely put down due to a heart condition. He was 31.



Emanuel Tov

Emanuel Tov (born September 15, 1941, Amsterdam, Netherlands) is emeritus professor in the Department of Bible at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He is known as the editor-in-chief of the Dead Sea Scrolls publication project and as the world's leading authority on the textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible.

Emanuel Tov was born in Amsterdam, the Netherlands (1941) and emigrated to Israel in 1961. From 1986 to 2009 he was professor at Hebrew University in Jerusalem and since 1990 he holds the J.L. Magnes chair.

He was one of the editors of the Hebrew University Bible Project. He is a member of the editorial board of the journals "Dead Sea Discoveries" and the "Journal of Jewish Studies". He served on the Academic committee of the Magnes Press. He is the co-founder and chairman (1991–2000) of the Dead Sea Scrolls Foundation, a Member of the Academic Committee of the Orion Center for the Study of the Dead Sea Scrolls, and Senior Associate Fellow of the and an Honorary Fellow of the Oxford Centre for Postgraduate Hebrew Studies.

From 1990-2009 he served as the Editor-in-Chief of the international Dead Sea Scrolls Publication Project, which during those years produced 33 volumes of the series Discoveries in the Judean Desert as well as two concordances.

He also published an electronic edition of all the extra-biblical Qumran scrolls and a six-volume printed edition of the scrolls meant for the general public. He also created electronic editions of the Hebrew and Greek Bible.

Emanuel Tov is married to Lika (née Aa). They have three children and four granddaughters.



Cathy Cavadini

Cathy "Catherine Janet" Cavadini (born April 21, 1961) is an American voice actress known for character Blossom in Powerpuff Girls franchise.


Tom Berryhill

Thomas Charles Berryhill (August 27, 1953 – August 29, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a state legislator from California.

He was a member He of the Stanislaus County Board of Supervisors from January 7, 2019 until his death. He previously represented the 8th district in the California State Senate from December 6, 2010 to November 30, 2018. He had also served in the California State Assembly, representing the 25th district from December 4, 2006 to November 30, 2010.

Berryhill's brother, Bill, represented the 26th district in the State Assembly from 2008 to 2012. Their father, Clare, served in the State Assembly from 1969 to 1970 and the State Senate from 1972 to 1976.

Berryhill was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2018. He died on August 29, 2020 at the age of 67.

Imsterberg

Imsterberg is a municipality of the district of Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Jerzens

Jerzens is a municipality of the district of Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Karres

Karres is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Karrösten

Karrösten is a municipality of the district of Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Längenfeld

Längenfeld is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mieming

Mieming is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mils bei Imst

Mils bei Imst is a municipality of the district of Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mötz

Mötz is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nassereith

Nassereith is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Obsteig

Obsteig is a municipality of the district of Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oetz

Oetz is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Rietz

Rietz is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Roppen

Roppen is a municipality of the district of Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Leonhard im Pitztal

Sankt Leonhard im Pitztal is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sautens

Sautens is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Silz, Austria

Silz is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sölden

Sölden is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tuscarora people

The Tuscarora are an Iroquoian-language family Native American tribe and First Nations band government, with members in North Carolina, New York and Ontario today. It is part of the Northeastern Woodlands. 

Stams

Stams is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tarrenz

Tarrenz is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Umhausen

Umhausen is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wenns

Wenns is a municipality of the district Imst in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Absam

Absam is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Aldrans

Aldrans is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ampass

Ampass is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Axams

Axams is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Baumkirchen

Baumkirchen is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Birgitz

Birgitz is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. In 2020, 1,488 people lived there.

Ellbögen

Ellbögen is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Flaurling

Flaurling is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Goochland County, Virginia

Goochland County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 24,727 people lived there. Its county seat is Goochland.

The Simpsons (season 3)

The 3rd season of The Simpsons first started showing on television on September 19, 1991. The season started with the episode "Stark Raving Dad". The season ended with the episode "Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?" on August 27, 1992. The season was first released to DVD for Region 1 on August 23, 2003, Region 2 on October 6, 2003, and Region 4 on November 12, 2003.

The season won six Primetime Emmy Awards for "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance". These are the people who won:

The episode "Radio Bart" was nominated for an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Animated Program".

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Chalcid wasp

The chalcid wasps are formally called the Chalcidoidea. They are a superfamily of parasitoid wasps. They have a huge number of species, estimated as over 500,000 (half a million). The superfamily includes 22 families. The data included morphology and ribosomal 18S data. The researchers comment that only about 22,506 species of the half-million have been formally described.

Most of the species are parasitic on other kinds of insect. They attack the egg or larval stages of at least 12 different insect orders. When that insect is itself a parasitoid, then the chalcid is called a hyperparasitoid. Chalcids are sometimes used to control crop pests. A few chalcids actually eat plants, and the most famous of these are the fig wasps.

There are 19 living families of chalcids.

Nethuns

Nethuns is somewhat like Poseidon except he isn't. Think as though they're cousin yet they're like the same person but different ethnicity. Nethuns is the god of water as well as the god of wells.

Hyperparasite

A hyperparasite is a parasite (or parasitoid) which is parasitic on another parasite. Usually, this means it is parasitic on the larval stage of the victim species.

Typical examples are members of the Apocrita, and some species in two other insect orders, the Diptera (true flies) and Coleoptera (beetles). Seventeen families in the Hymenoptera and a few species of Diptera and Coleoptera are hyperparasitic. 

Primary parasitism in the Hymenoptera evolved in the Jurassic period about 135 million years ago. 

Jonathan Swift refers to hyperparasitism in these lines from his poem "On Poetry: A Rhapsody":

So nat'ralists observe, a flea
Hath smaller fleas that on him prey;
And these have smaller fleas to bite 'em.
And so proceeds "ad infinitum".

Three levels of parasitism have been seen in fungi (a fungus on a fungus on a fungus on a tree).

Vladimir Andreyev

Vladimir Alekseevich Andreyev (; 27 August 1930 – 29 August 2020) was a Soviet and Russian theater and actor, theater director, screenwriter and teacher. He was honored with the People's Artist of the USSR in 1985.

Some of his best known movies were in "Certificate of Maturity" (1954), "True Friends" (1954), "Good Morning" (1955), "Cruelty" (1959), "The Tale of Tsar Saltan" (1966), "Bastards" (2006) and "The Circus Princess" (2008).

Andreyev died on 29 August 2020 at his home from a heart attack in Moscow, aged 90.

Vasily Lanovoy

Vasily Semyonovich Lanovoy (; 16 January 1934 — 28 January 2021) was a Russian actor. He worked in the Vakhtangov Theatre, Moscow. He was also known as the President of Artek Festival of Films for Children. 

Lanovoy's honours included the KGB Prize, the Lenin Prize, and the title of People's Artist of the USSR. In 2019, he received the title Hero of Labour of the Russian Federation.

He was born in Moscow. He died on 28 January 2021 at the age of 86 from problems caused by COVID-19.

Centerville

Centerville is an unincorporated community in Yell County, Arkansas, United States. Centerville has a post office with ZIP code 72829.

Adrienne Bailon

Adrienne Eliza Bailon-Houghton (née Bailon (); born October 24, 1983) is an American singer, actress, television personality, YouTuber, and businesswoman. She is a former member of girl groups 3LW and the Cheetah Girls.

Bailon appeared in "The Cheetah Girls" movies, "Coach Carter" and "All You've Got."

Political spectrum

A political spectrum is a way to talk about different political positions and how they are similar to or different from other political positions. These positions sit upon one or more geometric axes that represent independent political dimensions. Traditionally, the political spectrum has people who support left-wing ideas on the left and people who support right-wing ideas on the right. 

The Political Compass is like the Political Spectrum but it also asks if people are libertarian or authoritarian. 

Viktor Mykolayovych Tikhonov

Viktor Mykolayovych Tikhonov (5 March 1949 – 29 August 2020) was a Ukrainian politician. He was born in the Antratsyt Raion, Ukraine. During the Mykola Azarov cabinet, he was the First Vice Prime Minister between 11 March 2010 through 1 June 2011. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada between 1994 through 2014.

Tikhonov died of pneumonia on 29 August 2020 in Simferopol, Ukraine at the age of 71.

Fig wasp

Fig wasps are wasps of the superfamily Chalcidoidea which spend their larval stage inside figs. Most pollinate the figs, but others simply feed on the plant. 

The non-pollinators belong to several groups in the superfamily Chalcidoidea. So, the fig wasps are a polyphyletic group: they include several unrelated lineages whose similarities are based upon their shared association with figs. 

The pollinators are all in the family Agaonidae. They make galls. The other types either make their own galls or use the galls of other fig wasps.

Eastern mountains tree frog

The eastern mountains tree frog ("Ranoidea dorsivena") is a frog from New Guinea. Scientists saw it about 1500 meters above sea level in the higher parts of the Fly River and Sepak River, and in the Arfak Mountains.

Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde

Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde is a 1971 British science fiction horror movie directed by Roy Ward Baker and is based on the 1886 novella "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" by Robert Louis Stevenson. It stars Ralph Bates, Martine Beswick, Gerald Sim, Lewis Fiander and was distributed by Hammer Film Productions.


Fritzens

Fritzens is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fulpmes

Fulpmes is a market town in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gnadenwald

Gnadenwald is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Götzens

Götzens is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gries am Brenner

Gries am Brenner is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gries im Sellrain

Gries im Sellrain is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Grinzens

Grinzens is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gschnitz

Gschnitz is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hatting, Tyrol

Hatting is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

How Do I Love Thee?

How Do I Love Thee? is a 1970 American comedy drama movie directed by Michael Gordon and is based on the 1965 novel "Let Me Count the Ways" by Peter De Vries. It stars Jackie Gleason, Maureen O'Hara and was distributed by Cinerama Releasing Corporation.


Inzing

Inzing is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kematen in Tirol

Kematen in Tirol is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

The municipality is about 12 km west of Innsbruck. The Melach river flows into the Inn river in Kematen.

Kolsass

Kolsass is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Grayson County, Virginia

Grayson County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 15,333 people lived there. Its county seat is Independence.

Greensville County, Virginia

Greensville County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 11,391 people lived there. Its county seat is Emporia.

Kolsassberg

Kolsassberg is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Halifax County, Virginia

Halifax County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 34,022 people lived there. Its county seat is Halifax.

Zoom

Zoom may refer to:

Zoom (software)

Zoom is a video chat software program made by Zoom Video Communications. Its unpaid service allows up to 100 people to video chat for no more than 40 minutes. Its paid service allows up to 1,000 people to video chat with no time limit.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Zoom has become very popular for working from home, attending school from home, and online social relationships. It has also been criticized by people concerned about privacy and surveillance.

Patrick W. Skehan

Patrick William Skehan (30 September 1909 - 9 September 1980) was an American Old Testament semitic scholar.

He was the Chair of the Department of Semitic and Egyptian Languages and Literatures at The Catholic University of America and a visiting professor at the Pontifical Biblical Institute in Rome. He was appointed Secretary of the Advisory Committee for the Corpus Scriptorum Christianorum Orientalium (C.S.C.O.). In 1953, Skehan was a member of the Dead Sea Scrolls editorial team, along with Frank Moore Cross, John Allegro, John Strugnell, Dominique Barthélemy, Jean Starcky, Claus-Hunno Hunziger, Josef T. Milik, and Roland de Vaux who was the project director. He was ordained as a priest in the Catholic Church.



Society of Saint Pius X

The Society of Saint Pius X is a Catholic fraternity of priests with traditionalist views. Marcel Lefebvre, a French priest founded it in the 1970s, because he thought that the Second Vatican Council had given up many of the these traditions. It is against many of the changes the Second Vatican Council introduced, namely the dialogue with leaders of other religions and the communal relation of different Christian groups. Since 1975, the Society of Saint Pius X no longer has canonical mandate. In 1988, the society consecrated new bishops, which by canonical law, led to the excommunication of those consecrating, and those consecrated. Pope Benedict XVI annulled the excommunications in the 2000s, after all involved affirmed that the Pope was the head of the Catholic Church. As of 2020, the society has 680 priests and 217 seminarians.

Choi Bo-min

Choi Bo-min may refer to:

Least weasel

The least weasel ("Mustela nivalis") is the world's smallest mammalian carnivore. It is the smallest member of the genus "Mustela", the smallest member of the family Mustelidae and the order Carnivora. 
It is also called the little weasel or common weasel. 

The weasel is native to Eurasia, North America and North Africa. It has been introduced to New Zealand, Malta, Crete, Bermuda, Madeira Island, the Azores, the Canary Islands, São Tomé, the Falkland Islands, Argentina and Chile. It is a least concern species.

The least weasel has a thin, long and very flexible body. It has a small, long, head. The legs and tail are short. The feet have sharp, dark-coloured claws and a lot of hairs on the bottom. Its eyes are small when compared to their head size. Its eyes are dark colored.

The legs and tail are relatively short. The tail makes up less than half the body length.

Males have an average length of long. Females have an average length of long. Males weigh . Females weigh .

Male least weasels have territories that include many female territories. The number of least weasels in each territory depends on the amount of food and reproductive success. The male least weasel has a bigger territory during spring or when there is less food. It uses faeces and urine to mark its territory. The least weasel does not dig its own den, but stays in the burrows that other animals have left, like a mole or rat.

The least weasel mates from April to July. The gestation period is 34 to 37 days. In the Northern Hemisphere, the least weasel usually give birth to 6 kits. Kit is the name for baby weasels. The least weasel is able to reproduce by the age of three to four months.

The female takes care of its kits without help from the male. The kits weigh . Newborn kits are born pink, naked, blind and deaf. They will have a white coat of downy fur at the age of four days. The first teeth come out at the age of two to three weeks. They start to eat solid food at that time.

The eyes and ears open at the age of at three to four weeks. By eight weeks they learn how to kill the animals that they eat. The young ones leave the family after nine to twelve weeks. Least weasels can live for seven or eight years.

The least weasel mostly eats rodents, for example mice, hamsters, and gerbils. It usually does not attack adult hamsters and rats. Frogs, fish, small birds and bird eggs are almost never eaten. It can attack adult pikas and gerbils. Least weasels sometimes kill prey larger than themselves, such as capercaillie, hazel grouse and hares. In England, the least weasel likes to eat the field vole.

Even though it is small, the least weasel is a great hunter. It is able to kill a rabbit five to 10 times its own weight. Even though they are commonly eaten, the rabbits are usually young ones. Rabbits become a very important source of food during the spring, when there are few small rodents.

Red foxes, sables, steppe and forest polecats, stoats, eagle owls and buzzards are predators of the least weasel. Owls are very good at catching least weasels. Some of the owls that hunt least weasels include barn owls, barred owls, and great horned owls. Other birds of prey that eat the least weasel include broad-winged buzzards and rough-legged buzzards. Some types of snake may eat the least weasel. They include the black rat snake and the copperhead.

Ectoparasites also target weasels. Common ones are different species of lice, mites and fleas. Very often, weasels get the parasites from the nests or burrows of their prey. Certain species of nematode also infect weasels.

The least weasel lives in Europe, North Africa, Asia and parts of northern North America. It mostly lives in places where there are no stoats. It has become extinct from New York City. It has been introduced in New Zealand, Malta, Crete, the Azore Islands and São Tomé off West Africa. It is found throughout Europe (but not Ireland). It is also found on many islands, including the Azores, Great Britain, and all major Mediterranean islands. It also lives in Honshū and Hokkaidō Islands in Japan and on Kunashir, Iturup, and Sakhalin Islands in Russia.

The least weasel can be found in fields, open woodland, bushy or rocky places, parks and gardens. It can be found at altitudes of up to about .

The least weasel is listed as a least concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. It has a very large range and a large total population. It is common in Eurasia but less abundant in North America. It is thought to be rare in the southeastern United States.

The Simpsons (season 4)

The 4th season of The Simpsons first started showing on television on September 24, 1992. The season started with the episode "Kamp Krusty". The season ended with the episode "Krusty Gets Kancelled" on May 13, 1993. The season was first released to DVD for Region 1 on June 15, 2004, Region 2 on August 2, 2004, and Region 4 on August 25, 2004.

Many of the show's staff left after the season ended. Jay Kogen, Wallace Wolodarsky, and Jeff Martin stopped writing episodes when the season ended. David M. Stern and Jon Vitti left, but they came back years later to write more episodes. Al Jean, Mike Reiss, and Rich Moore left to make "The Critic". Jean and Reiss came back to "The Simpsons" around the 10th and 13th seasons. Rich Moore came back to help with animation for "The Simpsons Movie". This was the first season to have animation done by Film Roman instead of Klasky Csupo.

Dan Castellaneta won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Voice-Over Performance". He won for his voice acting of Homer Simpson in the episode "Mr. Plow".

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Ashanti (1979 movie)

Ashanti (also called Ashanti, Land of No Mercy) is a 1979 Swiss American action adventure movie directed by Richard Fleischer and was based the 1977 novel "Ébano" by Alberto Vázquez-Figueroa. It stars Michael Caine, Peter Ustinov, Kabir Bedi, Beverly Johnson, Omar Sharif, Rex Harrison, William Holden, Zia Mohyeddin, Jean-Luc Bideau, Tariq Yunus and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Abraj Al Bait

Abraj Al Bait (Arabic: أبراج البيت‎) is a building in Saudi Arabia. It is used as a clock tower and is tall.

Seether

Seether is a South African rock band formed in Pretoria in 1999.

Joke Kersten

Johanna Wilhelmina "Joke" Kersten (11 April 1944 – 6 August 2020) was a Dutch politician. She was member of the House of Representatives for the Labour Party from 4 September 1990 to 17 May 1994. She was mayor of Grubbenvorst and Broekhoven between 1995 and 2001. 

Later Kersten was acting mayor of Arcen en Velden, Bergeijk and Asten. She served as mayor of Uden between 2004 and 2009.

Kersten was born in Beugen (municipality of Boxmeer) and died in Grubbenvorst (municipality of Horst aan de Maas), aged 76.


Edward Wilson Merrill

Edward Wilson Merrill (August 31, 1923 – August 6, 2020) was an American biomaterials scientist. He was one of the founders of bioengineering. His work focused on the biomedical engineering field as it developed from chemical engineering.

Lonely are the Brave

Lonely are the Brave is a 1962 American western drama movie directed by David Miller and was based on the 1956 novel "The Brave Cowboy" by Edward Abbey. It stars Kirk Douglas, Walter Matthau, Gena Rowlands, George Kennedy, Bill Bixby, Carroll O'Connor and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Edward Bruner

Edward M. Bruner (September 28, 1924 – August 7, 2020) was an American anthropologist and educator. He was born in New York City. He worked at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. His book "Culture on Tour: Ethnographies of Travel" was his best-known book. His works focused on Toba Batak migrants in Indonesia in the 1960s.

Bruner died on August 7, 2020 in Urbana, Illinois at the age of 95.

Mike Yaschuk

Mike Yaschuk (November 5, 1922 – August 7, 2020) was a Canadian ice hockey player and coach. He played professionally in senior leagues in Canada and in the English League. Yaschuk was born in Ituna, Saskatchewan. 

He played junior with the St. Boniface Athletics and was the MJHL leading scorer in 1942–43. Yaschuk played senior ice hockey with the Winnipeg Reo Flyers from 1946-48. He played one season with the Saskatoon Quakers of the Western Canada Senior Hockey League in 1948-49, then moved to England. 

Yaschuk died on August 7, 2020, aged 97.

Bernd Fischer

Bernd Fischer (18 December 1936 – 13 August 2020) was a German mathematician.

He was best known to his works to the classification of simple groups, and he discovered several of the sporadic groups. He helped discover 3-transposition groups and created the three Fischer groups.

Ary de Sá

Ary Façanha de Sá (1 April 1928 – 16 August 2020) was a Brazilian long jumper. At the 1952 Summer Olympics he finished fourth in the long jump. He also competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics. 

He became South American long jump champion in 1952, won silver medals in 1956 and 1958 and a bronze medal in 1954. 

Sa died on 16 August 2020 at the age of 92.

Fred Clarke (Australian footballer)

Fred Clarke (1 December 1932 – 17 August 2020) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL). During his career he wore the number 17 guernsey. 

In the 1953 season, Clarke played four early games before suffering a thigh injury from which he was unable to recover well enough to make any more appearances. 

Durham, New Hampshire

Durham is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 15,490 at the 2020 census. Durham is home to the University of New Hampshire.

Jan D. Achenbach

Jan Drewes Achenbach (20 August 1935 – 22 August 2020) was a Dutch-American engineer, editor and educator. He was professor emeritus (Walter P. Murphy Professor and Distinguished McCormick School Professor) at Northwestern University. 

Achenbach was born in the northern region of the Netherlands, in Leeuwarden. 

He worked as a preceptor at Columbia University, he was then appointed as assistant professor at Northwestern University.

Achenbach is the founding editor-in-chief of "Wave Motion". 

He was honored with the National Medal of Science from President George W. Bush in 2005.

Achenbach died on 22 August 2020 at the age of 85.

Fujio Matsuda

Fujio "Fudge" Matsuda (October 18, 1924 – August 23, 2020) was the first Japanese American president of the University of Hawaii. This made him the first Asian American to become president of a major university in the United States.

After retiring, Matsuda was on the boards of several non-profit organizations, including for the Japanese Cultural Center of Hawaii just after its near-closure in 2003.

Matsuda died at his home on August 23, 2020, at the age of 95.

Zuray Marcano

Zuray Marcano Fuenmayor (26 May 1954 – 23 August 2020) was a Venezuelan teacher and Paralympic powerlifter. In 2016, she was a competitor at the Rio Paralympics at the age of 62. She was born in El Tigre, Venezuela.

She was paralyzed at an early age due to polio.

Marcano died on 23 August 2020 in Maracay, Venezuela, aged 66.

Augusto Caminito

Augusto Caminito (1 July 1939 – 23 August 2020) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He was born in Naples. As a director, he was known for his works "Grandi cacciatori" (1988) and "Vampire in Venice" (1988). He produced "Ne parliamo Lunedì" (1990). He also wrote the screenplay for "Halleluja for Django" (1967).

Caminito died on 23 August 2020 in Rome, aged 81.

Carl Garrett

Carl L. Garrett (August 31, 1947 – August 24, 2020) was an American football halfback. He began his professional career with the American Football League's Boston Patriots. He also played for the Chicago Bears, New York Jets, and Oakland Raiders. His career began 1969 and he retired in 1977. 

Garrett was born in Denton, Texas. He studied at New Mexico Highlands University. Garrett died on August 24, 2020 in Denton at the age of 72.

Daejeon Station

Daejeon Station is on South Korea's KTX railway network, 166.6 km south of Seoul Station.

The station opened on January 1, 1905, in the period of Korea under Japanese rule. The station was expanded in 2015.


Alien TV

Alien TV is a 2020 hybrid animated series produced by Entertainment One and Pop Family Entertainment for Netflix. The series focuses on a television news crew made up of the extraterrestrials Ixbee, Pixbee and Squee, who are sent to learn about the planet Earth.


"Alien TV" was released on 21 August 2020 on Netflix.


Jorge Sanjinez Lenz

Jorge Sanjinez Lenz (January 24, 1917 – August 24, 2020) was a Peruvian military veteran. He participated as a military volunteer in World War II, on the side of the Allies for the liberation of Europe from the Axis Powers. 

He was part of the foreign troops of the Piron Brigade. He was born in Moquegua, Peru.

He was the last Latin American soldier to die who participated in D Day.

Sanjinez died of lung cancer in Lima on August 24, 2020 at the age of 103.

Francisco Belaúnde

Francisco Belaúnde Terry (3 October 1923 – 25 August 2020) was a Peruvian politician. He was a member of Congress between 1980 to 1990. He also was President of the Congress between 1980 to 1981. His brother Fernando Belaúnde Terry was President of Peru.

Belaúnde died on 25 August 2020 in Lima, aged 96.

Fernando Belaúnde Terry

Fernando Belaúnde Terry (born Fernando Sergio Marcelo Marcos Belaúnde Terry, 4 April 1912 – 4 June 2002) also known by his initials FBT, was a Peruvian politician and architect who was the 49th and 52nd President of Peru from 1963 until he was deposed in a coup in 1968 and again from 1980 to 1985. When he was re-elected into office in 1980, Belaúnde was the first ever civilian president of Peru after twelve years of military rule.

He was very popular among the people. He also recognized the Falkland Islands as part of Argentina and not the United Kingdom. He also improved relations with the United States as well. He was also considered a "champion of democracy" for the 1980s as well.

In 1985 after leaving office, he was succeeded by Alan García who just like Belaúnde, served as president twice and who also became the youngest president of Peru at that time. Belaúnde died in Lima on 4 June 2002, at the age of 90.

The second of four children, Belaúnde was born in Lima into an aristocratic family of Spanish forebears: his father, Rafael Belaúnde Diez Canseco (1886–1972), a professor, served as Prime Minister under José Bustamante y Rivero; his paternal grandfather, Mariano Andrés Belaunde was a Finance Minister; and one of his great-grandfathers, Pedro Diez Canseco, was also President of the Republic.

He attended the Sagrados Corazones Recoleta in Lima.

During the dictatorship of Augusto B. Leguía, the persecution for the political activities of his father Rafael and his uncle Víctor Andrés Belaúnde prompted the family to move to France in 1924, where Fernando attended high school and received his initial University education in engineering.

From 1930 to 1935, Belaúnde studied architecture in the United States, where he first attended the University of Miami(where his father was also teaching), and in 1935 transferred to the University of Texas at Austin, where he obtained his degree as an architect. He later moved to Mexico and worked as an architect for a brief time, but returned to Peru in 1936 and started his professional career as an architect designing private homes. In 1937, he started a magazine called "El Arquitecto Peruano" ("Peruvian Architect"), which dealt with interior design, general urbanism and housing problems the country was facing. This also gave way to the Architects Association of Peru and the Urbanism Institute of Peru.

As a result, Belaúnde also became a government public-housing consultant throughout the country and abroad. In 1943, Belaúnde began teaching architecture and urban planning at Escuela Nacional de Ingenieros of Lima and later became the dean of the Civil Engineering and Architecture department. Belaúnde also directed the construction, along with other professors and students, of the faculty of architecture of the National University of Engineering in 1955.


Don Parkinson (politician)

William D. "Don" Parkinson (1942 – August 31, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Speaker of the Guam Legislature from 1995 to 1997 and as Majority Leader from 1989 to 1995. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Guam. He was a member of the legislature from 1983 to 1997. He was born in Idaho.

Parkinson died on August 31, 2020, aged 77–78.

Jürgen Schadeberg

Jürgen Schadeberg (18 March 1931 – 29 August 2020) was a German-born South African photographer and artist. He also used the name Jurgen Schademann. He photographed key moments in South African history, including iconic photographs such as Nelson Mandela as an inmate at Robben Island. He was born in Berlin.

Schadeberg died on 29 August 2020 from a stroke at the age of 89.

S. I. Padmavati

Dr. Padmavati Sivaramakrishna Iyer (20 June 1917 – 29 August 2020), commonly known as Dr. S. I. Padmavati or Dr. S. Padmavati, was a Burmese-born Indian cardiologist.

She was director of the National Heart Institute, Delhi and the founder president of the All India Heart Foundation.

Padmavati was awarded India's second highest civilian honour, the Padma Vibhushan in 1992.

Padmavati was an elected fellow of the National Academy of Medical Sciences. She was the first woman cardiologist in India in 1954.

Padmavati died on 29 August 2020 from COVID-19 in New Delhi at the age of 103.

André-Paul Duchâteau

André-Paul Duchâteau (8 May 1925 – 26 August 2020) was a Belgian comics writer and mystery novelist. He was born in Tournai, Belgium. He worked with Tibet on the detective comics series "Ric Hochet" and the more humoristic western comic "Chick Bill". He also wrote under the pseudonym Michel Vasseur. 

Duchâteau died on 26 August 2020 in Uccle, Belgium at the age of 95.

Adrien Gouteyron

Adrien Gouteyron (13 May 1933 – 26 August 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France between 1978 to 2011. He represented the Haute-Loire department. He was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party. Gouteyron was born in Rosières, France.

Gouteyron died on 26 August 2020 at the age of 87.

Victor Hugo Martínez Contreras

Víctor Hugo Martínez Contreras (29 March 1930 – 26 August 2020) was a Guatemalan Roman Catholic archbishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1956. He was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Huehuetenango, Guatemala, from 1970 to 1975 and as bishop of the diocese from 1975 to 1987. 

He was bishop from 1987 to 1996, and then the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Altos, Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán, Guatemala from 1996 to 2007.

Martínez Contreras died on 26 August 2020 in Guatemala City from problems caused by lung disease, aged 90.

Don Kidd

Don Kidd (October 10, 1937 – August 27, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the New Mexico State Senate from 1993 to 2005. He was born in Crowell, Texas.

Kidd died on August 27, 2020 at his home in Carlsbad, New Mexico from pancreatic cancer at the age of 82.

Cristian Castro

Christian Sáinz Valdés Castro (born 8 December 1974), known professionally as Cristian Castro or Cristian, is a Mexican pop singer.

He is the son of actors Veronica Castro and Manuel "El Loco" Valdés.

He is known for his slight tenor vocal singing. Castro is known as one of the most well known Hispanic pop singers of the last three decades. 

Juan Gabriel described Castro as "the man with the most faculties to sing in Mexico".

H. Vasanthakumar

Harikrishnan Nadar Vasanthakumar (14 April 195028 August 2020) was an Indian businessman and politician. He was the founder and chairman of Vasanth & Co. He was also the founder and managing director of the Tamil satellite TV channel Vasanth TV.

He was elected as the member of parliament to the 17th Lok Sabha from Kanyakumari constituency in the 2019 Indian general election. He was also elected as member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Nanguneri constituency in the 2006 and 2016 elections.

He was born in Travancore-Cochin, Tamil Nadu. Tamilisai Soundararajan, the Governor of Telangana, is his niece.

Vasanthakumar died on 28 August 2020 at a hospital in Chennai, Tamil Nadu from COVID-19, aged 70.

Don Bacon (microbiologist)

Donald Frederick Bacon (6 April 1926 – 28 August 2020) was a New Zealand microbiologist. In 1966, he was appointed the inaugural professor of microbiology at Massey University, where he remained until his retirement in 1989. Bacon was born in Gisborne, New Zealand. He was known for his works relating to the genetics of "E. coli" and associated bacteriophages. He retired in 1989.

Bacon died in Palmerston North, New Zealand on 28 August 2020 at the age of 94.

Get on Up (movie)

Get on Up is a 2014 American biographical musical drama movie about the life of singer James Brown and directed by Tate Taylor and written by Jez and John-Henry Butterworth.

The movie stars Chadwick Boseman as Brown, Nelsan Ellis as Bobby Byrd, Dan Aykroyd as Ben Bart, Viola Davis as Susie Brown, Craig Robinson as Maceo Parker, and Octavia Spencer as Aunt Honey.

The movie was released on August 1, 2014, received positive reviews.

Randall Kenan

Randall Kenan (March 12, 1963 – August 28, 2020) was an American author. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. 

His works focused around what it means to be black and gay in the southern United States. Some of Kenan's most notable works include the collection of short stories "Let the Dead Bury Their Dead", named a New York Times Notable Book in 1992, "A Visitation of Spirits," and "The Fire This Time". 

Kenan was the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, a Whiting Award, and the John Dos Passos Prize.

Kenan died on August 28, 2020 at the age of 57.

Rahat Khan

Rahat Khan (19 December 1940 – 28 August 2020) was a Bangladeshi journalist and novelist. He wrote more than 32 novels. He was an editor for "The Daily Ittefaq". 

He won Bangla Academy Literary Award in 1973 and Ekushey Padak in 1996 by the Government of Bangladesh.

Khan died on 28 August 2020 in Dhaka at the age of 79.

Assar Lindbeck

Carl Assar Eugén Lindbeck (26 January 1930 – 28 August 2020) was a Swedish professor of economics at Stockholm University and at the Research Institute of Industrial Economics (IFN). Lindbeck was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

Lindbeck's work focused in research on unemployment (e.g. the insider-outsider theory of employment), the welfare state (including the effect of changing social norms), and China's reformed economy.

Lindbeck died on 28 August 2020 in Stockholm, aged 90.

Antoinette Spaak

Antoinette Spaak (27 June 1928 – 28 August 2020) was a Belgian politician. She was active in the Democratic Front of Francophones ("Front Démocratique des Francophones", FDF). She was president of the party between 1977 to 1982. She was born in Brussels. 

She died at her home in Brussels, Belgium on 28 August 2020, aged 92.

Bill Paterson

William Tulloch Paterson (born 3 June 1945) is a Scottish actor and commentator. 

He has appeared in many movies and television projects including "Comfort and Joy" (1984), "Truly, Madly, Deeply" (1990), "Wives and Daughters" (1999), "Sea of Souls" (2004–2007), "Amazing Grace" (2006), "Miss Potter" (2006), and PBS's "Little Dorrit" (2008). 


Michael B. Jordan

Michael Bakari Jordan (; born February 9, 1987) is an American actor and producer. He is known for his movie roles as shooting victim Oscar Grant in the drama "Fruitvale Station" (2013), boxer Adonis "Donnie" Creed in the "Rocky" sequel movie "Creed" (2015), and Erik Killmonger in "Black Panther" (2018).

Donna Murphy

Donna Murphy (born March 7, 1959) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her work in musical theater. 

She won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical twice for her role as Fosca in "Passion" (1994–95) and as Anna Leonowens" in The King and I" (1996–97).

Kikoriki

Kikoriki, known in the United States as Gogoriki and in Russia as Smeshariki () is a Russian animated television series made up of 209 episodes of 6 minutes and 30 seconds each, aimed at children of 3 to 8 years. 

The first episode premiered in Russia on May 17, 2004. 

The series is aired in 60 countries, is translated to 15 languages.

Eileen Davidson

Eileen Marie Davidson (born June 15, 1959) is an American actress, author, television personality and former model. Davidson is best known for her roles in soap operas as Kristen DiMera on NBC's "Days of Our Lives", as well as Ashley Abbott on CBS's "The Young and the Restless" and "The Bold and the Beautiful".

Artesia, California

Artesia is a city in southeast Los Angeles County, California. 

Ceres, California

Ceres is a city in Stanislaus County, California. The population was 49,302 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Black Panther (character)

Black Panther is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and writer-artist Jack Kirby, first appearing in "Fantastic Four" #52 (cover-dated July 1966) in the Silver Age of Comic Books. 

Black Panther's real name is T'Challa. He is the king and protector of the fictional African nation of Wakanda. 

Black Panther is the first superhero of African descent in mainstream American comics.

Chadwick Boseman played the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "" (2016), "Black Panther" (2018), "" (2018), and "" (2019). Following Boseman's death in 2020, actress Letitia Wright took on the character's main role for the movie (2022).

In 2011, Black Panther was ranked 51st overall on IGN's "Top 100 Comic Books Heroes" list.

2020 Jolo bombings

The 2020 Jolo bombings occurred on August 24, 2020, when suicide bombers of Abu Sayyaf jihadists attacked Jolo, Sulu, Philippines, killing 14 people and wounding 75 others.

The first attack happened as army personnel were assisting in carrying out COVID-19 humanitarian efforts. The second, a suicide bombing, was carried out near the Our Lady of Mount Carmel Cathedral.

Jolo, Sulu

Jolo is a city which is the capital of the Sulu province of the Philippines. In 2015, 125,564 people lived there. That same year, 40% of people living there were poor.

Islamist bombers attacked Jolo in 2019 and 2020.

Sulu

Sulu (; Tausūg: "Wilāya sin Lupa' Sūg"; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Sulu Archipelago and part of the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (BARMM).

Its capital is Jolo on the island of the same name.

Ric Drasin

Richard Alan "Ric" Drasin (July 12, 1944 – August 30, 2020) was an American bodybuilder, personal trainer, actor, stuntman, author, and former professional wrestler. He wrestled professionally for 36 years between 1965 and 2001.

He was also known for designing both the original Gold's Gym logo — a cartoon sketch of a bald weightlifter, and the World Gym gorilla logo.

Drasin was born in Bakersfield, California. He began his fitness career in 1962. He taught classes in nutrition and exercise at the YMCA. He trained with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) champion Mae Young.

Drasin died of kidney failure in Van Nuys, California on August 30, 2020 at the age of 76.

Hamilton (1998 movie)

Hamilton is a 1998 Swedish Norwegian action movie directed by Harald Zwart and starring Peter Stormare, Lena Olin, Mark Hamill, Mats Långbacka, Terry Carter.

Iran men's national handball team

The Iran national handball team is the national handball team of Iran and is controlled by the IR Iran Handball Federation.


Asian Men's Handball Championship

The Asian Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of Asia (since 2018, also includes teams from Oceania), and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the World Championship.



Asian Handball Federation

The Asian Handball Federation (AHF) () is the governing body of handball and beach handball in Asia. It has 44 member countries, mostly located on the Asian continent, but excludes the transcontinental countries with territory in both Europe and Asia – Azerbaijan, Georgia, Russian Federation and Turkey – which are instead members of European Handball Federation (EHF). Three other states located along the western fringe of Asia – Cyprus, Armenia and Israel – are also EHF members. Hong Kong China and Macau, although not independent countries (both are Special regions of China), are also members of the AHF.

One of IHF's six continental confederations, the AHF was formed officially on 26 August 1974 in Tehran (Imperial State of Iran), on the sidelines of the 7th Asian Games 1974. The AHF headquarters is located in Kuwait City (Kuwait). Its current President is Sheikh Ahmed Al-Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah from Kuwait who is a member of House of Sabah, the ruling family of Kuwait.




West Asia

South Asia

Southeast Asia

East Asia

Asian Women's Handball Championship

The Asian Handball Nations Championship is the official competition for senior national handball teams of Asia (since 2018, also includes teams from Oceania) and takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the World Championship.

Notes:



Handball at the Asian Games

Handball has been an Asian Games event since 1982 when the sport was first played in New Delhi, India.



Black List (1995 movie)

Black List () is a 1995 Canadian thriller movie directed by Jean-Marc Vallée and starring Michel Côté, Geneviève Brouillette, Sylvie Bourque, Jacques Galipeau.


The Harvest Month

The Harvest Month () is a 1956 Finnish drama movie directed by Matti Kassila and starring Toivo Mäkelä, Emma Väänänen, Rauni Luoma, Aino-Maija Tikkanen, Rauni Ikäheimo, Senni Nieminen, Heikki Savolainen, Sylvi Salonen, Olavi Ahonen.

The Magnificent Dope

The Magnificent Dope is a 1942 American comedy movie directed by Walter Lang and starring Don Ameche, Henry Fonda, Lynn Bari, Edward Everett Horton, Frank Orth, Hobart Cavanaugh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


John Thompson (basketball)

John Robert Thompson Jr. (September 2, 1941 – August 30, 2020) was an American college basketball coach, player and sports commentator. He coached for the Georgetown Hoyas between 1972 to 1999.

In 1984, he became the first African-American head coach to win a major collegiate championship. During his basketball playing career, he played for the Boston Celtics. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Thompson was honored into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on October 1, 1999.

Thompson died on August 30, 2020 in Arlington, Virginia at the age of 78.

21 Bridges

21 Bridges is a 2019 American action thriller movie directed by Brian Kirk. The movie stars Chadwick Boseman as an NYPD detective who shuts down the 21 bridges of Manhattan to find two suspected cop killers (Stephan James and Taylor Kitsch).

Sienna Miller, Keith David, and J. K. Simmons also star. Brothers Joe and Anthony Russo produce the movie.

"21 Bridges" was theatrically released in the United States on November 22, 2019 by STXfilms. It received mixed reviews from critics.

Russo brothers

Anthony Russo (born February 3, 1970) and Joseph Russo (born July 18, 1971) are American directors, producers, screenwriters, and actors. They direct most of their work together.

They are best known for directing four movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe: "" (2014), "" (2016), "" (2018), and "" (2019).

Amazon weasel

The Amazon weasel ("Mustela africana"), is a type of weasel. It is native to South America. It is also called the tropical weasel. It was first identified from a museum example that was not labeled well. The museum label said it was from Africa. That is why the scientific name is "Mustela africana."

The Amazon weasel is 43 to 52 cm (17 to 20 in) in length. Its tail is 16 to 21 cm (6.3 to 8.3 in) long. They have a long, slender, torso and short legs and ears. They have short fur. It is reddish to dark brown on the upper body, and is pale orange-tan on the underparts. The whiskers are short and there is almost no hair on the bottom of the feet.

The Amazon weasel live in the Amazon basin in northern Brazil and eastern Peru and Ecuador. They may also live in southern Colombia, Venezuela and the Guyanas, as well as northern Bolivia. The region it lives in is covered by tropical rainforest.

The Amazon weasel is rarely seen. Little is known about its habits. They eat rodents and other small mammals. They have been reported to make burrows in the stumps of hollow trees. They have been found from sea level to 1,250 m (4,100 ft). They have been reported to swim in rivers or estuaries. Sometimes, they swim far from the shore.

Stephan James

Stephan James (born December 16, 1993) is a Canadian actor. He is known for playing track and field sprinter Jesse Owens in the 2016 movie "Race". He also played John Lewis in the 2014 drama "Selma".

He also stars as Walter Cruz in the Amazon series "Homecoming", for which he received a Golden Globe Award nomination. He also played Julian Williams on the Canadian teen drama "".

Special functions

Special functions are some mathematical functions used in mathematical analysis or physics. Most of them appear in higher education. Some experts are studying numerical methods for them.
In mathematics, most functions are defined as a solution of a differential equation. For example, the exponential function formula_1 is the solution of the ordinary differential equation formula_2. Due to this relation, some mathematicians are studying the connection between ODEs and special functions.

For more examples, find textbooks named "special functions".


Ava DuVernay

Ava Marie DuVernay (; born August 24, 1972) is an American filmmaker. 

For her work on "Selma" (2014), DuVernay became the first black woman to be nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Director, and also the first black female director to have her movie nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. 

In 2017, she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for her movie "13th" (2016).

DuVernay's 2018 Disney children's fantasy movie "A Wrinkle in Time" made her the first black woman to direct a live-action movie earning $100 million at U.S. box office.

Selma (movie)

Selma is a 2014 historical drama movie directed by Ava DuVernay and written by Paul Webb. It is based on the 1965 Selma to Montgomery voting rights marches. 

The movie stars actors David Oyelowo as Martin Luther King Jr., Tom Wilkinson as President Lyndon B. Johnson, Tim Roth as George Wallace, Carmen Ejogo as Coretta Scott King, and Common as James Bevel.

It was released worldwide on January 9, 2015.

The Milk of Sorrow

The Milk of Sorrow (, The frightened teat) is a 2009 Peruvian Spanish drama movie directed by Claudia Llosa and starring Magaly Solier, Susi Sánchez, Efrain Solís. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2010.

Lea Gottlieb

Lea Gottlieb ( Lea Gottlieb ; September 17, 1918 - November 17, 2012 ) is the founder of beach fashion. Lea Gottlieb was an Israeli fashion designer and businesswoman. Made a swimsuit, once a purely functional thing, a high fashion item.

Lea Lenke Roth (later Gottlieb) was born in Sajószentpéter, Hungary. At the end of World War II, the Gottlieb-Lea family, her husband Armin and their young daughters moved to Israel from Hungary. The decision to immigrate was tough, but the situation in Hungary in the post-war years left little choice for the Lea family. After arriving in Israel, the Leah Gottlieb family settled in a very small house located in the former Arab quarter. Lea and Armin started working right away. Lea continued to sew children's clothes, just as she did in Hungary. While this did not make the Gottlieb family much money, Lea continued to pursue sewing and design. She started to get involved in sewing when she was only six years old. Already in those years, many noted her talent and ability to create an original, unique design. Finally, her natural talent was shaped by the education she received in the specialty - fashion design.

With money borrowed from family and friends, she and her husband opened a similar raincoat factory near Tel Aviv in 1949.

As a result, in 1956 they founded Gottex, a high-fashion beachwear and swimwear company that became a leading exporter, shipping to 80 countries. The company's name is a combination of "Gottlieb" and "textiles".

Mustapha Adib

Mustapha Adib Abdul Wahed () (born 30 August 1972) is a Lebanese diplomat, politician, researcher and academic. He has been the ambassador of Lebanon to Germany since 2013.

On 31 August 2020, he became Prime Minister-designate of Lebanon after being asked by President Michel Aoun to form a new government. Nearly a month later, on 26 September 2020, he stepped down from the role after failing to form a government.

Achaguas Municipality

The Achaguas Municipality is one of the seven municipalities (municipios) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Apure has an area of 15,754 km². It has a population of 58,516. The town of Achaguas is the municipal seat of the Achaguas Municipality.

Gupabal station

Gupabal Station is a station on South Korea's Seoul Subway Line 3. Some trains finish at this station, although it is not the end of the line. The station opened on July 12, 1985.

The name comes from 'Pabal', a Joseon-era post station that was in the area. Nearby attractions include Jingwan Neighborhood Park, Gupabal Falls, Bukhansan National Park and Seooreung royal tombs. Lotte Mall, Eunpyeong NewTown and Eunpyeong Hanok village are near the station.

Gupabal Station is part of the New Town Project in Seoul. This urban development plan aims to make parts of the city more equal. The plan puts Gupabal Station at the center of Eunpyeong New Town district.

Jama Garad Ali

Jama Garad Ali is the supreme garaad of the reer darawiish tribe. His crowning happened in the year 2006 in the town of Sahdheer. It was attended by elders of the reer darawiish tribe as well as well as others. When the supreme garaad of the reer darawiish is crowned, milk is poured over his head.

Lorentz National Park

Lorentz National Park is a national park in Papua, Indonesia. It has an area of about . It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1999. The park is named after the Dutch explorer Hendrikus Albertus Lorentz. There are many ecosystems in the park with many types of animals and plants.



Arsenal W.F.C.

Arsenal Women Football Club is an English professional women's football club based in Islington, London, England that is affiliated with Arsenal. The club plays in the Women's Super League, the top flight of English women's football. Arsenal’s Women’s team are the only team in Europe male or female to win a European Continental Sextuple. Arsenal are one the most decorated teams in English Football history, men or women’s with 59 titles. They are the only English Women’s side to have won the UEFA Women’s Champions League.

 

Manchester City W.F.C.

Manchester City Women's Football Club (formerly "Manchester City Ladies F.C.") is an English women's football club based in Manchester who play in the FA Women's Super League. It is affiliated with Manchester City F.C. who play in the Premier League.

FA Women's Super League

The Football Association Women's Super League (FA WSL, or currently known as the Barclays FA Women's Super League for sponsorship reasons) is the highest league of women's football in England. Established in 2010, it is run by the Football Association and currently features 12 fully professional teams.

Liverpool F.C. Women

Liverpool Football Club Women is an English women's football club. They have been the women's division of Liverpool Football Club since 1994. The team was founded in 1989.

Ranoidea elkeae

Ranoidea elkeae is a tree frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it near the Kalibum River.

Ranoidea eschata

Ranoidea eschata is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw this frog on Rossel Island and Sudest Island, which are part of the Louisiade Archipelago.

Ecosia

Ecosia is a search engine based in Berlin, Germany. Its profits are mainly given to nonprofit organizations for replanting trees. 

The description of the company show it is a social business. It keeps information about users safe. In January 2024, the company claims to have fully planted 196 million trees around the world.

When the company was created, it used Yahoo!, Microsoft Bing, and Wikimedia's technology. Yahoo! served as advertisements. Soon in 2018, Ecosia said it would be a privacy-friendly search engine. In the Privacy Policy it statest that it would not permanently store data or use tracking services. When a search is made to a partnered website, a Euro is donated to tree replant services. From September 2023, Ecosia will be partnering with new search providers to keep improving your search experience and to have an even greater positive climate impact. From now on, you will be getting search results from both Microsoft Bing and Google, to improve your search experience. 

Ecosia was officially launched on December 7, 2009 as a search engine to plant and replant trees. By 2011, €250,000 was raised. Ecosia spent it funds in 2014 donating to the Plant a Billion Trees program. On January 23, 2020, Ecosia spent all of its funds to ReForestNow.

Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Microsoft Edge, and a few other browsers have the Ecosia extension that allows it to become the default search engine. Ecosia is available as an app for Android and iOS.



Bad Mojo

Bad Mojo is a computer game by Pulse Entertainment and Drew Pictures. It was made in 1996. In this game, an insect scientist named Roger is turned into a cockroach and must move through an old house back to his human body. On the way, he learns his landlord Eddie's big secret. It was released on CD-ROM. Vincent Carrella and Phill Simon made the game.

This is an adventure game, which means the player moves through the game world and solves puzzles. There is almost no fighting in this game. The player uses the arrow keys to tell the character where to go. Because he is a cockroach, he can only move himself and very small things. For example, the player can use a lit cigarette butt to burn up a spider that wants to eat the player.

Roger can die by being killed by an animal or by getting stuck in one place for too long. For example, if the player makes Roger step in paint, he can be stuck. Like in arcade games, the player has "lives" meaning Roger can die more than once and still keep playing the game. "Bad Mojo" starts with five lives. The player can also save the game and come back later.

Touching some things in the game starts a full motion video in which actors give clues.

During the game, the spirit of Roger's dead mother, Angelina, can help the player. He can also talk to other cockroaches.

Someone who is good at video games can play "Bad Mojo" from beginning to end in about an hour.

Part of the story for this game came from "Metamorphosis" by Franz Kafka. It is a famous story from 1915. In "Metamorphosis", a man called Gregor Samsa wakes up as a giant insect-like monster.

In "Bad Mojo", insect scientist Roger Sams has stolen one million dollars. He plans to run away with it. Roger's mother, Angelina, died before the game began. Before leaving with his stolen money, Roger touches a necklace that had been his mother's necklace. It is a magical necklace and it turns him into a cockroach and drops him in the sewer below the building. Roger's human body is still upstairs.

Roger has a mean landlord named Eddie. Eddie keeps the building very dirty, so it is full of roaches, rats and spiders. Many of the puzzles the player solves are about sneaking past rats and other animals.

The game can end four different ways depending on whether only Roger lives at the end of the game, only Eddie lives, they both live or they both die.

The electronica group Xorcist made the music for "Bad Mojo". As of 2019, this music was available at Bandcamp.

Richard Cobbett of "PC Gamer" said "Bad Mojo" was "easily the game with the most real-world kills to its name." The gamemakers used many real dead animals to make art for this game.

For one puzzle, the player has to sneak past a trapped rat without being eaten. The gamemakers put a real dead rat on a scanner to make the image. The gamemakers said the only reason they didn't do this with spiders was because the heat of the scanner would turn the spiders' bodies into gas. They also used many live cockroaches and a real dead catfish. They hired a professional cat trainer to manage the real cat, and this cat was not killed or harmed.

The gamemakers said "We only harmed real animals that were on Death Row anyway." For example, the dead rat had already been killed by a restaurant owner.

Reviewers thought "Bad Mojo" was a very good game. Jeffrey Adams of "GameSpot" said it had a "poignant story" and "best computer art you've ever seen in a game." "Metacritic" gave it #10 of the Best Games of 1996 and #9 for the Most Discussed Games of 1996.

In 2004, Pulse Entertainment released "Bad Mojo Redux". It is the same game and story as the original "Bad Mojo" but updated to run on newer computers. Some of the videos and acting were improved as well.


Penelope Pussycat

Penelope Pussycat is an animated cartoon cat shown in the Warner Bros. classic "Looney Tunes". She is usually a non-speaker, though she meows and purrs. She was often called Penelope, Fifi, Fabrette and Le Cat. The name "Penelope Pussycat" was created under Warner Bros. for marketing.

Penelope first appeared in the 1949 animated short "Scent-imental Reasons". That movie got an Academy Award.

Her first speaking role was "Carrotblanca", a 1995 animated short movie.

Inka Bause

Inka Bause (born 21 November 1968 in Leipzig) is a German schlager singer, TV presenter and actress.


Converse

Converse is an American shoe company that sneakers, skating shoes, lifestyle brand footwear, apparel, and accessories.

Converse Oficial Global And Converse Latam (Latino American)

Stephen A. Smith

Stephen Anthony Smith (born October 14, 1967) is an American sports television personality, radio host and journalist. He works for ESPN. He is a commentator on ESPN's "First Take". He is also an analyst for EPSN's "SportsCenter" and "NBA Countdown".

Smith was born in the Bronx, New York City. He grew up in Hollis, Queens. His parents were from Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.


Grana

Grana (Gra-nuh) are the thylakoid cell stacks in a chloroplast cell. Its singular name is "Granum". It is located in the stroma of the chloroplast.

Steppe polecat

The steppe polecat ("Mustela eversmanii"), is a type of mustelid. It is also called the white or masked polecat. It is native to Central Europe, Eastern Europe and Central Asia. It is a Least Concern species. It is generally light yellowish, with dark limbs and a dark mask across the face.

Males are 320–562 mm in length. Females are 290–520 mm. Males may weigh up to 2,050 grams. For may weigh up to 1,350 grams.

The winter fur is soft and tall, with short, dense underfur and long, sparse guard hairs. The summer coat is shorter and coarser than the winter fur, and is not as dense and close-fitting, with a more strongly developed ochreous or reddish tone. The ears are completely white, while the throat is yellowish-white or almost white. Sometimes, the head is entirely white. The lower part of the neck is dark blackish-brown or brown, while the chest and front legs are black or blackish-brown. The abdomen is light, yellowish-straw in colour.

During warm seasons, especially in places with lots of ground squirrels. Old steppe polecats do not change territories until there are no prey in it's territory. Generally, the steppe polecat only lives one home range for a few days or up to a few months. In winter, the steppe polecat is more active, and will move 12–18 km a day. During heavy snowfall, the steppe polecat migrates to much better places, such as along the slopes of steppe ravines, near settlements and winter encampments.

The species does not usually dig its own burrow. Instead it uses those of marmots, ground squirrels, hamsters, moles, voles, jerboas and others, after making the burrow a little bit wider.

The mating season is different in different regions. Usually, the steppe polecat mates once a year. The gestation period lasts from 36–43 days. The steppe polecat gives birth to three to six kits. But, the steppe polecat have been known to give birth to 18 kits.

Kits are born blind and naked. At the age of 20 days, the kits darken in colour. Their eyes open after 28–34 days. By the age of 45 days, they are able to hunt young ground squirrels. They start hunting adult ground squirrel at the age of 60 days. The kits stay in the family burrow for 2.0-2.5 months. The kits begin to leave the family from July or later. Steppe polecats reach sexual maturity at the age of 10 months. They become adults at the age of two years.

The steppe polecat hunts large, mammals that live in the steppe such as ground squirrels, hamsters, pikas and young or injured adult marmots. Ground squirrels are the most abundant prey of the steppe polecat throughout the year. In warm seasons, they are hunted on the top of the ground. In autumn, they are dug from their burrows. Male polecats usually have to make the burrows of the ground squirrel to enter them. But, young or female polecats can easily enter them. In places where there are no ground squirrels, the steppe polecat mainly feeds on hamsters and pikas, or water voles on the banks of water bodies. Along the shores of rivers and lakes, fish, chickens and carrion may be eaten. Birds are sometimes killed by the steppe polecat. Amphibians and reptiles are rarely eaten.

The steppe polecat lives in Central and Eastern Europe, southern Russia, northern Georgia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, and Kyrgyzstan to Mongolia and northern and western China. In 2014, it has been seen at an altitude of 5,050 m (16,570 ft) in Nepal.

Polynesian languages

The Polynesian languages are a group of languages spoken in Oceania. They all belong in the Malayo-Polynesian branch of the Austronesian languages. They are mostly spoken in Polynesia, but some are spoken in nearby Melanesia and Micronesia.

There are around 30-40 Polynesian languages, with Samoan having the most speakers. Other well-known Polynesian languages include Māori, Tongan, Hawaiian and Tahitian.

The Polynesian languages formed when Austronesians in New Caledonia (the Lapita culture) started moving to other parts of Oceania. Navigation of Oceania continued until 1300AD, with the discovery of New Zealand (Aotearoa) by the Māori people.

Today, there are over 2 million Polynesians, although speakers of Polynesian languages number far less due to historical reasons such as disease and colonialism.

Throughout the Polynesian languages, many sound changes occur. They mainly exist in consonants. For example, Samoan "f" corresponds to Hawaiian "h".

Hawaiian hale" - Samoan fale" (house)

Hawaiian "aloha" - Samoan "talofa" (hello)


Donald Trump (disambiguation)

Donald Trump (born June 14, 1946) is the 45th president of the United States, as well as an American businessman and television personality.

Donald Trump may also refer to:




R/The Donald

r/The_Donald was a subreddit on Reddit where users created discussions and memes about U.S. president Donald Trump. It was first created in June 2015 following the announcement of Trump's presidential campaign, the group grew to over 790,000 people who call themselves as "Patriots." The group was banned in June 2020 for violating Reddit rules on harassment and targeting. It was one of the most active groups on Reddit.

GirlsDoPorn

GirlsDoPorn was an American pornographic website active between 2009 and 2020. It was based in San Diego, California. It shut down because six people from the site were charged with sex trafficking, fraud, and coercion in November 2019. Two more people were charged with preventing police from stopping sex trafficking in December 2019.<ref name="CourthouseNews12/17/19"></ref> The website shut down in January 2020. The United States Department of Justice said that the website and its sister website, GirlsDoToys, had earned over $17 million.

Hector the Bulldog

Hector the Bulldog is an animated cartoon character in Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series of cartoons. Hector is a muscular bulldog and walks pigeon-toed. He often wears a black collar with silver studs.

Hector first appeared in "Peck up Your Troubles" (1945). In this movie, he stops Sylvester the Cat from getting a woodpecker. In "A Hare Grows in Manhattan", he leads a street gang of dogs. However, his usual role is protecting Tweety Bird from Sylvester and other danger. Granny is the owner of Hector.

Norm Spencer

Norman Spencer (February 23, 1958 – August 31, 2020) was a Canadian actor and voice actor best known for his portrayal of the Marvel Comics character Cyclops in "X-Men: The Animated Series" and the "Marvel vs. Capcom" video games.

He died on August 31, 2020 at the age of 62.

Bukit Kutu

Bukit Kutu or Treacher Hill is a ghost town located on a mountain in Selangor, Malaysia. It is a town no one lived anymore. It was classified as secondary hill station by Aiken due to no growth happening in the town.

The place name Treacher Hill comes from the former British Resident of Selangor, William Hood Treacher, while the other name Bukit Kutu comes from Orang Asli people who say that the road is too long until say "Kutu". "Kutu" in Malay language means flea and "Bukit" means hill, hence it is called as "flea hill".

The town was opened in 1893 and this town only has two bungalows. It was damaged by the Japanese army with a bomb during World War II. After that, no one lived in this town anymore. The Chimney is the only thing that still standing in this town. The chimney used to be a bungalow belonging by Tom Sargent, construction engineer for Federated Malay States Railway. The town has now very popular for hikers to walk in the route.

Filiz Aker

Filiz Aker (20 August 1963 - 27 August 2017) was a Turkish movie actress.

Aker died on 27 August 2017, aged 54. Three day later, she was buried at Tuzla Cemetery in Istanbul.


Robert J. Sunell

Robert John Sunell (5 June 1929 – 8 August 2020) was a major general in the United States Army. He was Program Manager of Tank Systems for the United States Army Tank-Automotive Command. Sunell was born in Astoria, Oregon. He served on the U.S. Army between 1953 to 1988.

Sunell died on 8 August 2020 at the age of 91.

Robert Williams (psychologist)

Robert Lee Williams II (February 20, 1930 – August 12, 2020) was an American professor emeritus of psychology and African and Afro-American studies at the Washington University in St. Louis. He was born in Little Rock, Arkansas.

He was a well known person in the history of African-American Psychology. He was well known as a critic of racial and cultural biases in IQ testing. He created the Black Intelligence Test of Cultural Homogeneity. He was a founding member of the Association of Black Psychologists, and served as its second president.

Williams died on August 12, 2020 in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 90.

Ralph Ferguson

Ralph Ferguson, (September 13, 1929August 30, 2020) was a Canadian farmer and politician. He was born in Ontario. He was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 1980 federal election as the Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Lambton--Middlesex.

He lost his MP re-election in 1984 and was re-elected in 1988 and retired in 1993. During the John Turner cabinet, he was Minister of Agriculture.

Ferguson died on August 30, 2020, at age 90.

Ángel Faus Belau

Angel Faus Belau (9 February 1936 – 30 August 2020) was a Spanish journalist and educator. He was born in Villarreal, Province of Castellón. He was a communications professor at the University of Navarra. He was a well known expert of European radio communication. He was a member of the Academia Española de la Radio.

Faus Belau died on 30 August 2020 in Castellón de la Plana at the age of 84.

Jacques Galipeau

Jacques Galipeau (22 September 1923 – 30 August 2020) was a Canadian actor and comedian. He was born in Montreal. 

Galipeau was known for his roles in "Beau temps, mauvais temps" (1955), "Les Belles Histoires des pays d'en haut" (1969), "The Pyx" (1973), "La Petite Patrie" (1974), "Bingo" (1974), "Duplessis" (1977), "He Shoots, He Scores" (1991), "Black List" (1995), "Set Me Free" (1999) and "Chaos and Desire" (2002).

Galipeau died on 30 August 2020, aged 96.

Nina Bocharova

Nina Antonovna Bocharova (, September 24, 1924 – August 31, 2020) was a Soviet-Ukrainian gymnast. He won four medals at the 1952 Summer Olympics, two gold and silver. She was born in Suprunivka, Poltava Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Bocharova died on August 31, 2020 in Rome, aged 95.

Motorcycle speedway

Motorcycle speedway, usually referred to as speedway, is a motorcycle sport involving four and sometimes up to six riders competing over four anti-clockwise laps of an oval circuit.

A Twelve-Year Night

A Twelve-Year Night () is a 2018 Uruguayan Spanish Argentine French German drama movie directed by Álvaro Brechner and starring Antonio de la Torre, Chino Darín, Alfonso Tort, César Troncoso, Soledad Villamil.

Jerzy Szczakiel

Jerzy Szczakiel (28 January 1949 – 1 September 2020) was a Polish Speedway rider. He was one of three Polish nationals to win the Speedway World Championship. He won the championship in 1973. He was born in Grudzice, Poland.

Szczakiel died on 1 September 2020 in Paris, aged 71.

Jack Danzey

Jack Danzey Jr. (14 February 1941 – 31 August 2020) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer, referee and administrator. He played in the NSWRFL Premiership for the Newtown, Balmain and Cronulla-Sutherland clubs during the 1960s. His career lasted from 1960 to 1968. He was born in Sydney.

Danzey died on 31 August 2020 at the age of 79.


Vladislav Krapivin

Vladislav Petrovich Krapivin (; 14 October 1938 – 1 September 2020) was a Russian children's books writer. He was born in Tyumen, then-Soviet Union. He began working for "Ural Pathfinder" newspapers. Many of his books were published by Sverdlovsk Publishing House. His best known books were "Meet My Brother" (1968) and "August: The Month of the Winds" (1975).

Krapivin was hospitalized for pneumonia on 10 August 2020 in Yekaterinburg, Russia. He died on 1 September 2020, aged 81.

Tomomi Inada

She was the 14th Japanese Minister of Defense from August 2016 to July 2017. She spent time as the Chairwoman of the Policy Research Council of the Liberal Democratic Party in her fourth term as a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet.

Shigeru Ishiba

Ishiba was Director General of the Japan Defense Agency under Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi from 2002 to 2004. 

He was Minister of Defense under Yasuo Fukuda from 2007 to 2008 and Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries under Tarō Asō from 2008 to 2009. The LDP lost government in 2009, entering Opposition. 

In August 2020, he announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership election to replace Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. He lost the election on 14 September to Yoshihide Suga, coming in third place.

The Comey Rule

The Comey Rule is an upcoming American miniseries based on the book "A Higher Loyalty" by former FBI director James Comey.

The show is about FBI director James Comey as he serves under the new president of the United States Donald Trump.

It was announced in October 2019 that Billy Ray was to write and direct a miniseries produced by CBS Television Studios. Jeff Daniels will play James Comey and Brendan Gleeson playing Donald Trump. Michael Kelly, Jennifer Ehle, Holly Hunter, Steven Pasquale, Oona Chaplin, Scoot McNairy, William Sadler and T. R. Knight will also star with Peter Coyote cast as Robert Mueller. 

In June 2020, the series was revealed to be named "The Comey Rule" and will consist of two episodes totalling four hours. 

It will premiere over two nights on September 27 and 28, 2020.

Douglas McIlroy

Douglas McIlroy went to school and earned a Bachelor's degree in engineering physics from Cornell University in 1954 and a Ph.D. in applied mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1959. In 1958, he joined Bell Labs. From 1965 to 1986, he was Head of Computer Research at Bell Labs. The UNIX operating system was invented in Bell Labs. In 1997, McIlroy retired from Bell Labs and went to work as an Adjunct Professor at Dartmouth College's Computer Science Department.

Colombian weasel

The Colombian weasel ("Mustela felipei"), is a very rare type of weasel. It is also called the Don Felipe's weasel. It is only known from the departments of Huila and Cauca in Colombia and nearby northern Ecuador. The Colombian weasel is only known from one Colombian weasel.

It only lives in riparian habitats at an altitude of 1,100 to 2,700 m (3,600 to 8,900 ft). There is lots of deforestation in the riparian habitats in the northern Andes of Colombia and Ecuador. There is less than 10 known dead Colombian weasels that were studied. It is could be the rarest carnivore in South America. It is a vulnerable species.

It is the second-smallest living carnivore on average. The upperparts and tail are blackish-brown, while the underparts are orange-buff.

The first photo of a living Colombian weasel was taken in 2011 by an amateur naturalist who found one trapped in his parents' house; the weasel later escaped. The image was uploaded to iNaturalist in 2018. It gained widespread attention.

The Colombian weasel has a long body. It has an average length of 22 cm (8.7 in). Its tail is 11.5 cm (4.5 in) long. It weighs between 120 and 150 g (4.2 and 5.3 oz). The Colombian weasel has a dark dorsal color. It also has a light orange color. The bottom of the feet does not have any fur. It has webbed feet that is found on the second, third, and fourth toes.

The Colombian weasel is a carnivore. It mainly hunts fish, other small aquatic animals, and small terrestrial mammals.

Long-tailed weasel

The long-tailed weasel ("Mustela frenata"), is a type of mustelid. It is also called the bridled weasel or big stoat. It lives in southern Canada throughout all the United States and Mexico, through all of Central America and northern South America.

Males are 330 and 420 mm (12–16 in) long. Females are 280–350 mm (11–13 in) long. In males, the tail is 132–294 mm (5–11 in) long. In females, the tail is 112 to 245 mm (4–9 in) long. Long-tailed weasels weighs between 3 and 9 ounces (85-267 g) with males being about twice as large as the females.

The summer fur is brown, with whitish underparts and tinged with yellowish or buffy brown. The tail has a black tip. In northern areas, the winter fur becomes white, sometimes with yellow tints, but the tail still have its black tip. The long-tailed weasel moults two times each year, once in autumn (October to mid-November) and once in spring (March–April). The bottom of the long-tailed weasel's feet has no fur in summer. Unlike skunks, which spray their musk, the long-tailed weasel drags and rubs its body over surfaces, to mark their territory and, when scared, to scare predators away.

The long-tailed weasel lives in most of North America, south to Central America to northern South America. Long-tailed weasels have the largest distribution of any mustelid in the Western Hemisphere.

Long-tailed weasels are found in temperate and tropical habitats in North and Central America. These habitats range from crop fields to small places with lots of trees to suburban areas. They are not found in deserts or thick forests. Their burrows and nests are in hollow logs, rock piles, and under barns. Sometimes instead of making a new nest, long-tailed weasels take the burrow of the animal they have killed.

Long-tailed weasels live by themselves except during the mating season. Long-tailed weasels do not like other long-tailed weasels to enter their home range.

Long-tailed weasels are fast and agile. They are good climbers and swimmers. Long-tailed weasels hunt their prey by smell or sound.

While long-tailed weasels can be active during the day, they are more active at night. These weasels are also known to be noisy animals, but this usually means that they are disturbed.

The long-tailed weasel is a carnivore. It may attack animals far larger than itself. It hunts small animals, such as mice. It also hunts large animals, such as rabbits. Long-tailed weasels help to control populations of rodents and rabbits.

The long-tailed weasel likes its prey to be fresh or alive. It only eats the carrion stored in its burrows. Its mainly hunts animals such as mice, rats, squirrels, chipmunks, shrews, moles and rabbits. Sometimes, it may eat small birds, bird eggs, reptiles, amphibians, fish, earthworms and some insects. The long-tailed weasel has also been seen eating bats. It sometimes kill animals in big numbers, usually in spring when the kits are being fed, and again in autumn. Some of the surplus kills may be stored, but are usually left uneaten. When stealing eggs, the long-tailed weasel removes each egg from its nest one at a time. It carries them in its mouth to a safe place. It bites off the top and licks out the fluids in the egg. If they have babies in the burrow they may hold it in their mouth all the way back to them.

They may be hunted by larger animals, such as large owls, coyotes, or large snakes, such as eastern massasauga rattlesnakes.

The long-tailed weasel mates in July–August. The gestation period lasts 10 months. Long-tailed weasels give birth to 5–8 kits, which are born in April–May.

The kits are born partially naked and blind. At birth, they weigh 3 grams. Long-tailed weasels grow fast. By the age of three weeks, the kits have lots of fur. They can crawl outside the nest and eat meat. At five weeks of age, the kit's eyes open, and the young become active. At this stage, the kits are weaned. The kits are fully grown by autumn. They leave the family at this time. The females are able to breed at 3–4 months of age. Males become sexually mature at 15–18 months.

The fur of long-tailed weasels were available in the fur trade but were not a popular commodity. Long-tailed weasels are good at catching rats and mice, so farmers do not mind having weasels around their farms because they kill these pests. Long-tailed weasels are known to take poultry from poultry farms.

Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan

Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan (25 January 1948 – 13 May 2022) was the President of the United Arab Emirates, Emir of Abu Dhabi, and commander of the UAE Armed Forces.

Khalifa was born to Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the first president of the United Arab Emirates (1971–2004) and emir of Abu Dhabi. 

During his youth, he attended the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst. 

He held a number of administrative posts throughout the 1960s before becoming the head of the Abu Dhabi Defence Force, which became the core of the UAE Armed Forces in 1971.

After the country became independent from the United Kingdom, Khalifa served in a number of government positions under his father. He was Defence Minister, Finance Minister, and Prime Minister. He also held a number of other administrative offices during the 1970s. In 1976, Khalifa became the deputy supreme commander of the armed forces under his father.

He succeeded his father as the President of the United Arab Emirates and Emir of Abu Dhabi in November 2004. One of Khalifa's earliest reforms was announcing that the Federal National Council would have half its members elected, but the other half would be appointed by the emirs. 

A leaked diplomatic cable signed by the U.S. ambassador in 2010 described Khalifa as being an "uncharismatic personage".

The Al Nahyan family had $150 billion net worth in total.

In January 2014, Khalifa had a stroke and had bad health afterwards.

Khalifa died on 13 May 2022 in Abu Dhabi at the age of 73.


Tarun Gogoi

Tarun Gogoi (11 October 1934 – 23 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the Chief Minister of Assam from 2001 to 2016. 

He was a member of the Indian National Congress and led the party to a record three consecutive electoral victories in Assam.

On 26 August 2020, Gogoi was hospitalized with COVID-19 and was given a blood plasma transplant in Guwahati, Assam. He died three months later on 23 November from problems caused by the infection, aged 86.

Garaad Abdiqani

Garaad Abdiqani was the twentieth "garaad guud" of the reer darawiish tribe. This means he was the 20th supreme chieftain of the reer darawiish tribe. During his term, he promoted peace between the Hashi Faction, a Warsangeli and Dhulbahante alliance, and SNM, another Somali group. The line of succession returned to the Baharsame lineage after Diiriye Guure became garaad guud of Dhulbahante when Diiriye Guure became Sultan of both Dhulbahante and Darawiish.

S. P. Balasubrahmanyam

Sripathi Panditaradhyula Balasubrahmanyam (4 June 1946 – 25 September 2020), also known as S. P. Bala, S. P. B., or Balu, was an Indian musician, playback singer, music director, actor, and movie producer. His works were in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Hindi and Malayalam. He has recorded over 40,000 songs in 16 Indian languages.

He held the Guinness World Record for recording the highest num of songs by a singer with over 40,000 songs. He was born in Nellore, Madras Presidency, British India.

He was honored with the Padma Shri (2001) and Padma Bhushan (2011) from the Government of India.

On 5 August 2020, Balasubrahmanyam tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalized in Chennai. A week later, he was in critical condition and put on life-support. He tested negative for COVID-19 on September 7, but still remained on life support. However, on September 24, his condition became critical again and he was put on maximum life support again. He died the following day from the post-COVID complications on 25 September, aged 74.Balasubrahmanyam breathed his last at 1:04 pm on Friday.

Miloš Říha

Miloš Říha (6 December 1958 – 31 August 2020) was a Czech ice hockey player and coach. He coached the Czech national team at the 2019 IIHF World Championship. He was born in Přerov, Czechoslovakia. He played as a Forward left.

His played career lasted from 1976 to 1991. He was the 196th overall pick for the Minnesota North Stars. During his career, he played for the Czech teams HC ZUBR Přerov, HC Dukla Jihlava, HC Vítkovice Ridera, PSG Berani Zlín, HC Kometa Brno and SHK Hodonin.

Říha died on 31 August 2020 at a hospital in Prague, aged 61.

The Vanishing

The Vanishing may refer to:


Barbara Judge

Barbara Thomas Judge, Lady Judge, CBE ("née" Singer; 28 December 1946 – 31 August 2020), previously known as Barbara Singer Thomas, was an American-British lawyer and businesswoman. She was the first female chairman of the Institute of Directors. She was made chair in 2015.

In 2018, she was suspended from the Institute of Directors after people accused her of being sexist and racist.

Judge was born in New York City. She studied at the University of Pennsylvania and at New York University. She was married to Sir Paul Judge between 2002 until his death in 2017.

Judge died on 31 August 2020 from pancreatic cancer in London, aged 73.

Campino (candy)

Campino is a brand of hard candy made by August Storck KG. It is made using a mix of yogurt and fruits that has varied since the product was released in 1966. Until 2007, only two versions were available: strawberry and summer fruits (a mixed bag of raspberry, blackcurrant and peach). In 2007, a strawberry, cherry, and peach version was released. Campino candies are no longer available in the United Kingdom, but are available in the United States and Canada.

Toffifee

Toffifee (known in the United States as Toffifay) is a German brand of caramel candies owned by the Berlin-based German company August Storck KG. Toffifee are caramel cups with nougat, caramel and a hazelnut inside, and a chocolate button on top. They are sold in boxes containing 4, 12, 15, 24, 30, 48 or 96 Toffifee candies. 

The product was first sold in West Germany in 1973, and was marketed as a product "for the whole family". By 2016, Toffifee was being sold in over 100 countries. In the United States, Toffifee is spelt "Toffifay" and uses a different package design. Elsewhere in the world, including in Canada and Europe, the brand uses its original spelling and orange box design.


Institute of Directors

The Institute of Directors (IoD) is a business organisation for company directors, senior business leaders and entrepreneurs. It is the UK’s longest running organisation for professional leaders. It was founded in 1903. The IoD's goal is to create "free enterprise, entrepreneurialism, wealth creation and good corporate governance".

The current chair of the IoD is Charlotte Valeur.

List of Azerbaijani actors

This is a list of Azerbaijani actors, which is arranged alphabetically.













List of Iranian actors

The following is a list of Iranian actors in alphabetical order.




















Spaghetti Junction

Spaghetti Junction is a motorway interchange in Birmingham, England. It is junction 6 of the M6 motorway. 

The junction's official name is Gravelly Hill Interchange, but this name is not used very often. The junction links the M6 with the A38(M) motorway which passes through Birmingham. The interchange was opened in 24 May 1972, and was given its popular name by local journalists.

The junction covers 30 acres, serves 18 routes and includes 4 km (2.5 miles) of slip roads. There are five levels, and it flies over two railway lines, three canals and two rivers. It took nearly four years to build it, against an estimated three years. It cost £8 million, which is a deceptively small amount. It can only be understood by realising the extent of monetary inflation during the past half century.

The junction has had a lot of repair work done a number of times since it was built. There is very heavy traffic through the junction, and there were some alleged cost-saving measures during its construction.

List of Armenian actors

This is a list of actors born, or active in the acting field, in Armenia.

"(sorted alphabetically by surname)"

List of Azerbaijani movies of the 1920s

A list of movies produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1920s:

Films:1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films


List of Azerbaijani movies before 1920

A list of movies produced between 1898 and 1919 in the territory occupied by the present-day Republic of Azerbaijan, which at the time consisted of governorates that were part of the Russian Empire (1898–1918) and then the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918–1919).


Zana (movie)

Zana is a 2019 Kosovan drama movie directed by Antoneta Kastrati. It was selected as the Kosovan entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 92nd Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.

Haunted by her long suppressed past and pressured by family to seek treatment from mystical healers for her infertility, a Kosovar woman struggles to reconcile the expectations of motherhood with a legacy of wartime brutality.


Fringed tree frog

The fringed tree frog, Lönnberg's tree frog or green-eyed frog ("Ranoidea eucnemis") is a frog from New Guinea and Australia. Scientists saw it on the Huon Peninsula and parts of the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland.

This frog lives in rainforests. It lives near streams with many rocks in them. It lays eggs during the spring and summer, 800-900 at a time. The female frog lays eggs in clumps. The tadpoles can swim well in the fast water. They become frogs after 60-80 days.

This frog is not endangered now, but some of the things that humans do are bad for it. Years ago, taking trees for wood meant there was less forest for the frogs to live in. Now, the biggest dangers to the frogs are things that make their water worse, like grazing.

Unwanted (movie)

Unwanted (Albanian: T'padashtun) is a 2017 Kosovan movie drama directed by Edon Rizvanolli. It was selected as the Kosovan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.

Alban, a teenage boy from Kosovo, had lived in the Netherlands with his mother since the Kosovo War. When Alban begins a romance with a sensitive young woman named Anna, dark memories of the past rise to the surface.


Agon (movie)

Agon is a 2012 Albanian movie drama directed by Robert Budina. The film was selected as the Albanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.


Roberta Stewart

Roberta Stewart (born 16 June 1981) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Marist club in Auckland, and Long Beach State University.


Revision (demoparty)

Revision is a demoparty that happens in Saarbrücken, Germany. As with its predecessors, it happens every Easter weekend. It is the successor of the Breakpoint demoparty, and still has much of its organizing staff. The event started in 2011, after Breakpoint had announced its end in 2010.

Around 800 people from around the world go to Revision every year. It is currently the biggest pure demoscene event in the world.



Rebecca Donoghue

Rebecca Donoghue (born 24 December 1981) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, 2006 Commonwealth Games, and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.


Olivia Colebourne

Olivia Colebourne (born 27 June 1983) is a New Zealand water polo player. She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for Hartwick University.

Federica Lavi

Federica Eugenia Lavi (born 22 February 1994) is an Italian water polo player. She competed for the Italy women's national water polo team in the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

Gje

Gje (or ) (Ѓ ѓ) is the 6th letter of the Macedonian alphabet.

It is derived from the Cyrillic letter Ge.

Patrizia Giancotti

Patrizia Giancotti (born 26 June 1958 in Turin) is an Italian anthropologist, photographer, journalist, author, and radio presenter.

She teaches anthropology at Sigmund Freud University Milano , and at the Academy of Fine Arts in Reggio Calabria. She is the author and presenter of the Wikiradio, Passioni, Tre Soldi programs on Rai Radio 3. 

She carried out her research in visual anthropology in Italy and abroad, particularly in Brazil, where she lived for over ten years, collaborating with the writer Jorge Amado. She studied the priestesses of the Bahia, to worship of the Siren, and Amazonian shamanism; and in Benin, where she carried out research on African religious traditions. For her work in cultural broadcasting, she received the "Abèbè of Oxum" Award from the Mayor of Salvador da Bahia, Lidice da Mata, and the High Honor of the Cruzeiro do Sul, from the government of Brazil.

She carried out surveys of visual anthropology in Southern Italy. For the Brazilian Embassy, ​​with the help of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Brasil Telecom, and Banco do Brasil, she has conceived and edited <nowiki>"Musica Brasileira na Sala Palestrina"</nowiki>, two volumes containing audio and video recordings of music concerts held in the historic hall of Palazzo Pamphilj. She has worked with Ennio Morricone, and José Carreras. She worked with Luigi Ontani at the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Trento and Rovereto.

She holds courses and seminars in various Italian universities. Since 2003, she worked for national radio, as a host in the programs "Wikiradio" and "Passioni", on Rai Radio 3. 

Mod Archive

The Mod Archive is a website that archives and lists music module files. Users can make charts, reviews and ratings of them.

MOD, IT, XM, AHX, MED, STM, S3M, MO3, MTM, 669, AMF, AMS, DBM, DIGI, DMF, DSM, FAR, GDM, IMF, J2B, MDL, MPTM, MT2, OKT, PLM, PTM, STM, ULT and HVL files are accepted.

The Mod Archive was started in 1996 for tracker musicians to share their work.

A forum was added in 2000. The website was less maintained from about 2004, and was redesigned from November 2005 until ending private beta in August 2006. The website's popularity now required many resources, so in 2007, it stopped being sponsored and was moved to dedicated hardware, which is so expensive the community is asked to pay the running costs.

Since 2006, it has been possible to download multiple files at once using BitTorrent.

Users upload files, which the website's staff check for integrity and quality.

ModArchive was mentioned in the PC music freeware roundup in "Sound on Sound" magazine.

ModArchive (v3.1) was featured as Site of the Month in "Computer Music" magazine.


Angeliki Chadzimichali

Angeliki Chadzimichali (; 1895 – 1965) was a Greek historian and folklore researcher. She won the 1959 Purfina Prize.

She studied the history of Byzantine paintings and modern Greek folk art. She decided to collect and preserve as much of Greek folk art as possible. In 1927, her first book about Skiros was published. She researched the island of Rhodes, and Anafi. She visited Macedonia and Epirus, where she researched local folklore. 

She worked with Nikos Kazandzakis, Angelos Sikelianos and Kostis Palamas. In 1927, they organized a Delphi festival. She organized the exhibition of Greek folklore, in Paris. In 1928, the Thessaloniki International Fair showed Greek folk art. In 1930, the second Delphi festival took place, when she began to report on progress of Greek folk art. In 1937, the first association of Greek craftsmen was created, and a year later the first vocational school teaching Greek folk handicrafts was created in the "Greek House". In 1957, the craftsmen association was recognized as a governmental organization.


Helen Antoniadis-Bibicou

Helen Antoniadis-Bibicou  (21 July 1923 – 12 or 13 June 2017) was a Greek Marxist Byzantine scholar. She studied Byzantine history, and modern Greek studies. She was an active member of the Greek Communist Party in France.

During the Dictatorship of Metaxas (1940) she became a member of the KKE, youth group OKNE. During the German Occupation, she was a member of "EAM Neon", and EPON. She edited "Nea Genia". She studied at the University of Athens, with Dionysios Zakythinos. 

In May 1947, she left to study in France. She studied at the French Institute of Athens, with Octave Merlier.  In Paris, she continued her political activity; in 1949, she organized the visit of Paul Éluard to Grammos, to meet with the Hellenic Democratic Army. 

She studied with Paul Lemerl, and Fernand Brundel. She worked as a researcher at the National Center for Scientific Research of France (CENRS). During the Regime of the Colonels, she organized resistance in France. She was general secretary of the Hellenic-French Movement for a Free Greece. She was vice-president of the Pierre Belon Interdisciplinary Society.

She was awarded the Medal of the National Resistance, Golden Cross of the Order of Mercy, 

Horror story

A horror story is a story made to scare people. It is like a horror movie but in a book or told by others.

Antonella Lattanzi

Antonella Lattanzi (born 1979 in Bari) is an Italian novelist and screenwriter. She was a finalist at the 2013 Stresa Prize. She won the 2017 Cortina d'Ampezzo Prize.

Lattanzi's work appears in "Tuttolibri de La Stampa" and "Il Venerdì de La Repubblica".
She and Filippo Gravinio wrote the screenplays of the movie "Fiore" by Claudio Giovannesi in 2013, and "2night" by Ivan Silvestrini in 2016.






Boris Klyuyev

Boris Vladimirovich Klyuyev (; 13 July 1944 — 1 September 2020) was a Soviet and Russian actor and teacher. He was named a People's Artist of Russia in 2002. He was born in Moscow. Klyuyev "D'Artagnan and Three Musketeers", "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson" and "TASS Is Authorized to Declare...".

Klyuyev died on 1 September 2020 in Moscow from lung cancer, aged 76.

People's Artist of Russia

People's Artist of the Russian Federation (, "Narodnyy artist Rossiyskoy Federatsii"), also sometimes translated as National Artist of the Russian Federation, is an honorary and the highest title awarded to citizens of the Russian Federation. They honor people who are important in performing arts (theatre, music, dance, circus, cinema, etc.).

Erick Morillo

Erick Morillo (March 26, 1971 – September 1, 2020) was a Colombian-American disc jockey, music producer, and record label owner. Morillo was best known for his international work in house music for the label Strictly Rhythm. He helped produce the 1993 hit "I Like to Move It".

He won the "Muzik" magazine "Remixer of the Year" award in 1999. 

On August 6, 2020, Morillo was arrested and charged with sexual battery upon a woman.

Morillo was found dead at his home in Miami Beach, Florida from a possible suicide on September 1, 2020 at the age of 49.

Fondation Louis-Vuitton

The Fondation Louis-Vuitton is a modern art museum in Paris, France, on "8 Avenue du Mahatma Gandhi". It has been created in 2014.
Some of the artists featured at the museum include Jean-Michel Basquiat, Gilbert & George and Jeff Koons.


Kang Kek Iew

Kang Kek Iew or Kaing Kek Iev, also romanized as Kaing Guek Eav (), "nom de guerre" Comrade Duch or Deuch (មិត្តឌុច); or Hang Pin, (17 November 1942 – 2 September 2020) was a Cambodian war criminal. He was leader in the Khmer Rouge movement, which ruled Democratic Kampuchea from 1975 to 1979. 

He was responsible for the Tuol Sleng (S-21) prison camp where thousands were held for interrogation and torture, after which many of these prisoners were eventually executed.

Kek Iew died at the age of 77 at a hospital in Phnom Penh on 2 September 2020. The cause of death was lung disease.

Hans A. Linde

Hans Arthur Linde (April 15, 1924 – August 31, 2020) was a German-born American legal scholar and lawyer. He was born in Berlin. He was nominated by Governor Robert W. Straub to be the 79th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court in 1977. He retired in 1990.

Linde died on August 31, 2020 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 96.

Pascal Kané

Pascal Kané (January 21, 1946 in Angoulême – August 31, 2020) was a French movie director, screenwriter and actor. He was on the editorial staff of Cahiers du Cinéma from 1969 to 1979. He taught cinema at Université Paris III.

He was known for directing and writing "Liberty Belle". He starred in "India Song" and "The Suspended Vocation". He was born in Angoulême, Charente.

Kané died on August 31, 2020 at the age of 74.

Lance Finch

Lance Sydney George Finch, (16 June 1938 – 31 August 2020) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He was the Chief Justice of the British Columbia Court of Appeal from June 6, 2011 until his retirement on June 16, 2013. Finch was born in Edmonton, Alberta.

Finch died on 31 August 2020 in Vancouver, British Columbia at the age of 82.

Virginia Bosler

Virginia Bosler (September 23, 1926 – August 30, 2020) was an American actress and dancer. She was born in Newton, Massachusetts. She was known for being an original cast member for the Broadway classics "Oklahoma!" and "Brigadoon".

Bosler died on August 30, 2020 at the age of 93.

Martin O'Neill, Baron O'Neill of Clackmannan

Martin John O'Neill, Baron O'Neill of Clackmannan (6 January 1945 – 26 August 2020) was a Scottish Labour politician. He was a Member of Parliament from 1979 until 2005 and as a member of the House of Lords from 2005 until his death in 2020. He was in the Neil Kinnock Shadow Government between 1988 to 1992. O'Neill was born in Edinburgh.

O'Neill died on 26 August 2020 in Edinburgh from cancer, aged 75.

Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet (United Kingdom)

In British parliamentary practice, the Official Opposition Shadow Cabinet (usually known simply as the shadow cabinet) is made up of senior members of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition who criticize the current government ministers and create alternative policies.

Since 11 May 2010, the Labour Party has been Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, and its leadership therefore forms the current shadow cabinet.

Maz Jobrani

Maziyar Jobrani (; born February 26, 1972) is an Iranian-American comedian and actor. He was born in Tehran. He is known for being part of the "Axis of Evil" comedy group. 

His best known movies are "The Interpreter", "Friday After Next", "Dragonfly", and "". He appeared as a regular character on the 2017 CBS sitcom "Superior Donuts".

Great Malvern

Great Malvern is an area of the spa town of Malvern, Worcestershire, England. It lies at the foot of the Malvern Hills. It is on the eastern flanks of the Worcestershire Beacon and North Hill, and is the historic centre of Malvern and includes its town centre.


Sign of the Times (Harry Styles song)

"Sign of the Times" is the debut single by English singer Harry Styles from his self-titled debut studio album. 

It was released on 7 April 2017 by Columbia Records. It was written by Styles, Jeff Bhasker, Mitch Rowland, Ryan Nasci, Alex Salibian, and Tyler Johnson, and produced by Bhasker, Salibian, and Johnson.

It is a pop rock and soft rock ballad. Its music video was released on 8 May.

Yulian Semyonov

Yulian Semyonovich Semyonov (, ), pen-name of Yulian Semyonovich Lyandres () (October 8, 1931 – September 15, 1993), was a Soviet and Russian novelist, screenwriter and poet. His works were mainly spy fiction and detective fiction. He was born in Moscow. His best known novel was "Seventeen Moments of Spring".

Semyonov died on September 15, 1993 from a stroke in Moscow, aged 61.


The Jackal (2010 movie)

The Jackal () is a 2010 Turkish action movie directed by Erhan Kozan and starring İsmail Hacıoğlu, Erkan Can, Uğur Polat, Haldun Boysan, Turgay Tanülkü, Damla Sönmez.

Children of Men

Children of Men is a 2006 American British Japanese science fiction action movie directed by Alfonso Cuarón and was based on the 1992 novel of the same name by P.D. James. It stars Clive Owen, Michael Caine, Julianne Moore, Pam Ferris, Danny Huston, Clare-Hope Ashitey, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Oana Pellea and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 2007.

Kohlberg Kravis Roberts

KKR & Co. Inc. (formerly known as Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and KKR & Co. L.P.) is an American global investment company. It manages many assets, including private equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit, and, through its strategic partners, hedge funds. 

The firm has completed more than 280 private equity investments in portfolio companies with about $545 billion of total enterprise value as of June 30, 2017. As of September 30, 2017, Assets Under Management ("AUM") and Fee Paying Assets Under Management ("FPAUM") were $153 billion and $114 billion, respectively.

Neshat Jahandari

Neshat Jahandari is an Iranian pilot. She is the first female captain of a McDonnell Douglas MD-80 based in Tehran, Iran. She is the second Iranian woman to qualify as a commercial airline pilot. 

She has flown 3000 thousand hours and is the youngest and only MD80 female captain of the Iranian airline. After qualifying as an airline captain, the company's video went viral. 

Another fame wave came when she made history being the Captain of the first all-female-crew operating a flight from Tehran to the northeastern city of Mashhad.

The departing flight from the capital Tehran to Mashhad in northeast Iran was done with 160 passengers on Monday, and the return flight carried 171 passengers.

Captain Jahandari posted about the news on her Instagram page, describing it as a “historic event” in Iran’s aviation industry.

Pilot Neshat Jahandari became Iran's first female certified captain in July 2019. Awarded four stripes, she is qualified to take full control of an aircraft, either on her own or supported by a copilot. In an industry still largely closed to women in the Islamic Republic, this is a significant achievement.

She began to work with Zagros Airlines in the field of flight safety and the review of Flight Data Monitoring. About three and a half years later, the company needed a pilot; she passed the test and was accepted with merit.

At the age of 17, she began her pilot training classes, and at the same time studied at the University. She received her degree in Aviation Flight Engineering Technology.

Due to her interest in this field, after receiving her license, she received all the flight-related documents for the airliners, such as the Commercial Pilot License and the Instrument Rating. Finally, her dream came true and she became a pilot.

Although, there is no that says that women cannot be pilots, it has never been easy for this to happen.

“When I entered the pilot school, many were surprised and said this is a male profession and is not suitable for me,” she says.

“This strange behavior could be a hindrance to me, but I believed in it and I was doing my job. I believe that everyone who does his/her best in every field, will certainly enjoy its result. In today’s world, as we have male professional chefs, we also have successful female mechanics engineers. Success has nothing to do with gender. Of course, it’s natural to be surprised to see a female pilot,” she noted.

Assia Erramy

Assia Erramy (born 1 January 1990) is a Moroccan volleyball player. She is a member of the Moroccan women's volley-ball team. She won a bronze medal at the 2019 African Games.

Sharon Chepchumba Kiprono

Sharon Chepchumba Kiprono (born 26 October 1998) is a Kenyan volleyball player. She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix. She won a gold medal at the 2019 African Games.

At the club level, she plays for KCB.

Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum

The Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum () is a museum in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia. It talks about the Cambodian genocide. The site is a former secondary school which was used as Security Prison 21 (S-21) by the Khmer Rouge regime from its rise to power in 1975 to its fall in 1979. 

From 1976 to 1979, about 20,000 people were imprisoned at Tuol Sleng (the real number is unknown). Tuol Sleng ( ) means "Hill of the Poisonous Trees" or "Strychnine Hill". 

Tuol Sleng was just one of at least 150 torture and execution centers created by the Khmer Rouge. 

On July 26, 2010, the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia convicted the chief of Tuol Sleng Prison, Kang Kek Iew (alias Duch), for crimes against humanity and grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Conventions and sentenced him to life imprisonment.

Cambodian genocide

The Cambodian genocide ( "or" , ) was the mass killing of Cambodians by the Khmer Rouge under the leadership of Pol Pot who pushed Cambodia towards communism. It resulted in the deaths of 1.5 to 2 million people from 1975 to 1979. This was a quarter of Cambodia's 1975 population ( 7.8 million).

To push its goals, the Khmer Rouge emptied the cities and forced Cambodians to relocate to labor camps in the countryside, where mass executions, forced labor, physical abuse, malnutrition, and disease happened. 

Park Man Bok

Park Man Bok (30 August 1936 in Seoul - 26 September 2019 in Lima) was a South Korean volleyball player and coach. He was elected to the Volleyball Hall of Fame.

He studied at Kyung Hee University. From 1960 to 1964, he served in the Korean Army. From 1965 to 1968, he coached Soong Eui Women’s College. From 1969 to 1972, he coached the Korean Air team. He coached the South Korea women's national volleyball team at the 1973 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup.

He coached the Peru national women’s volleyball team, at the 1974 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 1978 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 1982 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 1986 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 1990 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 1976 Summer Olympics, 1980 Summer Olympics, 1984 Summer Olympics, 1988 Summer Olympics, and 2000 Summer Olympics.

Philippe Daverio

Philippe Daverio (17 October 1949 – 2 September 2020) was a French-born Italian art critic, teacher, writer, politician, and television personality. He was the official cultural officer of Milan during the 1990s. He was born in Mulhouse, France.

Daverio organized many exhibitions, including Andy Warhol's "Last Supper" at Galleria del Credito Valtellinese in Milan. He also edited a book on Giorgio De Chirico's work between 1924 and 1929.

From 2002 to 2012 he hosted "Passepartout", a series on art and culture on Rai 3.

In 2009, he became a city councilor of Milan.

Daverio died on 2 September 2020 in Milan from brain cancer, aged 70.

Ranoidea exophthalmia

Ranoidea exophthalmia (also known as the big-eyed tree frog) is a tree frog from New Guinea. Scientists found it between 730 and 850 meters above sea level.

Ieng Sary

Ieng Sary (; 24 October 1925 – 14 March 2013) was a senior member of the Khmer Rouge. He was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Kampuchea led by Pol Pot. He worked in the Democratic Kampuchea as foreign minister and deputy prime minister. 

His wife, Ieng Thirith also was part in the Khmer Rouge government as social affairs minister. 

Ieng Sary was arrested in 2007 and was charged with crimes against humanity just like Pol Pot & Nuon Chea. He died of heart failure and intestinal blockage before trial commenced.

Anni Lanz

Anni Lanz (born 1945) is a Swiss human rights activist, with a focus on refugee policy in Switzerland. She was head of the refugee aid organization Solidarité sans frontières. She was nominated as one of five Swiss women in the 1000 Women project for the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize. In 2007, she was awarded the Fischhof Prize, which is awarded by the Foundation Against Racism and Anti-Semitism (GRA) and the Society for Minorities in Switzerland (GMS).

Anni Lanz studied at the Basel School of Applied Arts. She studied sociology at the University of Zurich and University of Basel.

On 19 December 2018, the district court of Brig District fined her for "human smuggling." She sees herself as an "escape assistant."

James Mayer de Rothschild

James Mayer de Rothschild, Baron de Rothschild (15 May 1792 – 15 November 1868), born Jakob Mayer Rothschild, was a German-French banker. He was the founder of the French branch of the Rothschild family.

Elisabeth Decrey-Warner

Elisabeth Decrey-Warner (born Elisabeth Reusse-Decrey on 16 October 1953) is a Swiss psychotherapist and peace activist. She was president of World Organisation Against Torture. She founded Geneva Call. In 2000, she was President of the Federal Assembly (Switzerland). She was a 2005 Nobel Peace Prize nominee.

From 1989 to 2001, she was a member of the Parliament of the Republic and Canton of Geneva. She has supported humanitarian aid work, despite the interference of counter-terror laws.


Big-eyed tree frog

The big-eyed tree frog, Amani Forest tree frog, vermiculated tree frog ("Leptopelis vermiculatus") is a frog from the Eastern Arc Mountains and a few other places in Tanzania. Scientists saw it on between 900 and 1800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 3.9 to 5.0 cm long and the female is 6.1 to 8.5 cm long. It lives in forests. It likes to sit on tree limbs hanging over the water.

All young frogs and some adult males are bright green with a black pattern. Adult females and many adult males are gold-brown in color, with patterns on their backs and dark marks behind their eyes. This frog has discs at the ends of its toes. These discs help it climb.

This frog is endangered because humans like to cut down its forests to build farms. These are mostly small farms, not large corporate farms. In many of the places where this frog lives, there are no laws against doing this.

Tayfun Gönül

Tayfun Gönül (1958, Izmit - July 30 2012 in Istanbul) was a Turkish writer, doctor, Turkey's 'first conscientious objector,' and anarchist.

Gönül's childhood years were spent in Izmit and Istanbul. His father was a doctor. After finishing Ankara Science High School, he studied Medicine at Hacettepe University Faculty of Medicine and graduated as a doctor. He wrote in the "Aydınlık" ( People's Voice ) group since his high school years. In the 1980s, he started writing in "Sokak" and "Yeni Olgu" magazines and in 1986, "Kara", the first anarchist journal. Gönül moved from Istanbul to Izmir, and established the Izmir War Opposition Association.

In 1989, Turkey started conscription. Tuğrul Eryilmaz, with whom Gönül worked in "Sokak" magazine, started a "No compulsory military service" campaign during these years. Following the launch of the campaign, Gönül was charged with the charges of "discouraging the people from military service" together with Metin Münir, editor-in-chief of "Eryilmaz" and "Güneş" newspaper. In 1993, he worked extensively to combine all anarchist environments and publications under the Apolitika project. Finally, in 1999, he started to publish the weekly newspaper "Efendisizler" . Meanwhile, Gönül's returned to Antalya because of illness.

Gönül, who had a heart infarction on February 15, 2012, was discharged after being in the hospital for two months. He participated in the World Conscientious Objectors' Day, on May 15, 2012. Gönül, who had a heart attack again at home on Monday, July 30 at around 23.30, died in the hospital. His body was taken from the morgue at Zincirlikuyu cemetery and was buried on 2 August 2012 by her friends in the Kilyos cemetery. 


Niihau Incident

The Niʻihau incident occurred on December 7–13, 1941, when Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service pilot Shigenori Nishikaichi crash-landed his Zero (aircraft) on the Hawaiian island of Niʻihau after participating in the attack on Pearl Harbor.

Hélène Monastier

Hélène Monastier (2 December 1882 in Payerne - 7 March 1976 in Lausanne) was a Swiss teacher. She was a well-known person of the Christian Socialists, the International Civil Service and the Religious Society of Friends in French-speaking Switzerland.

Hélène-Sophie Monastier was born in Payerne. She studied at the Vinet School. She trained as a teacher in Germany, in Lausanne, and in England.

Hélène Monastier was a teacher at the Vinet School from 1904 to 1943. From 1905, she also gave lessons to young apprentices and workers at the Maison du Peuple. She met Christian socialists during a Paul Passy conference in Lausanne, and helped to create a local group. In 1914, she became the first president of the Federation of French Christian Socialists. She participated in May day processions.

During the First World War, she became friends with Leonhard Ragaz and Clara Ragaz. In 1917, she met Pierre Ceresole . She worked closely with him until his death in 1945, participating in the creation of the Voluntary Civil Service which became the International Civil Service (SCI) . She is "the most active, the most assiduous and the most convinced of collaborators" of the SCI. In the 1940s she was its international president. She participated in the Vaumarcus camps (Center for meetings, training and vacations of the Christian Unions of young people). In 1932, she became a member of the Société des Amis, (Religious Society of Friends).

In 1954-1955, she helped found the Lausanne committee for Swiss aid to non-European regions, which became Helvetas.

Dhanial

Dhanial is one of the largest Chander-Vanshi/Yadu-Vanshi Khastriya Rajput tribe living in Potohar plateau and Lower Himalayas for the last eight centuries Most of the Dhanyals are settled in the cities of Rawalpindi, Islamabad and in Kotli Sattian and Murree Hills and Ponch area of Kashmir.

Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004

The Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004 (c 13) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that amends the Scotland Act 1998. The 1998 Act originally created the Scottish Parliament.

Adventure game

An adventure game is a type of video game or computer game. Gameplay in adventure games is mostly exploration, solving puzzles and finishing stories. Some adventure games also have combat systems so the player can fight enemies like in an action game, beat 'em up or role-playing game, but many adventure games have no fighting in them at all. The first adventure game was "Colossal Cave Adventure" in 1975.

In adventure games, the player usually acts through a character in the story. This character sometimes has a history. For example Roger Sams in "Bad Mojo" is a sad insect scientist and Alexander in "King's Quest VI" is a prince trying to rescue a princess. Other player characters have almost no history. In "Myst" and "Zork", the game does not even give the player character a name. Other characters and the game's voice call the player "you."

Adventure games can be played on computers, for example PCs and Macs. Adventure games can be played on consoles, for example Playstations and Xboxes.

Many adventure games are called point-and-click adventure games because the player uses a computer mouse to click on things on the screen. Not all adventure games do this. In the 1996 game "Bad Mojo", the player can only use the computer's arrow keys. In the 1977 game "Zork", the player must write commands using the keyboard.

Because they are about exploration, adventure games usually have an interesting world setting. Some games have art with painted graphics. Others show off the newest image-making technology, for example "Myst". Other games, like the early "Zork" games, had no graphics at all. The "Zork" games told the player what was happening using words.

Some famous adventure game series are "Myst" by Brøderbund, "Monkey Island" by LucasArts, and the "King's Quest" and "Quest for Glory" series by Sierra on-line.

Fish fry

A fish fry is a meal of battered or breaded fish, which is fried. With the fish, there are French fries, hot sauce, dessert, tartar sauce and/or hush puppies. 

Fish is often served on Friday nights during Lent as a restaurant special or under church fundraisers.

Fish fries are very common in the Midwest and Northeastern United States.

Battered or breaded haddock and cod fish is one of the trademarks in Upstate New York and northwestern Pennsylvania. This is especially for Buffalo, Rochester, Utica, Syracuse and Albany, New York. The majority of eateries in these cities serve a fish fry on Fridays, even outside Lent. These meals are usually a piece of fish, French fries and a dinner roll.

In the Southern United States, a fish fry is a family or social gathering. Catfish, flounder and bass are the usual fish served at Southern fish fries. The fish are battered and deep fried in cooking oil. However, in Georgia and South Carolina, fish are dipped in milk, then into a mix of flour, cornmeal and seasoning before being served.

The modern fish fry is strong in Wisconsin. In the state, hundreds of eateries have a fish fry on Fridays and sometimes on Wednesdays. The Friday night fish fry is a popular tradition for religious and "non"-religious people alike. Fish fries in Wisconsin are usually offered at many non-chain restaurants, some chain restaurants and at Roman Catholic churches as fundraisers. A usual Wisconsin fish fry comes with beer batter fried cod, bluegill, perch and walleye. Sometimes, it comes with catfish along the Mississippi River. The meal usually comes with French fries, potato pancakes and/or coleslaw.

Seres Produções

Seres Produções is an Angolan/Portugal based record label established in the early 2000s by DJ Satelite specialising in African House music

Seres Produções started in 2000 due to a curiosity between DJ Satelite and his brother DJ Vamburgue, who saw their older sister's group producing songs for the Grupo Sindicato Album. 

At that time, DJ Satelite and Vamburgue started producing Kuduro and invited friends to record on their beats. They were joined by one of their great friends Absinto aka Gelmiro Pireza, who today takes on another position on the label and does all the design work at the production company. 

In 2002, they began to gain some notoriety in their neighborhood, Bairro Marçal, one of the peripheral areas of Luanda, due to the work they began to have with many artists in the area. 

Between 2004 and 2005 they recorded songs and produced some of the Hits that marked a new era for Kuduro and generations. Among them the hit "Comboio" by Lambas, the instrumental produced by DJ Marcelo "Esqueleto", "Se Desfio" produced by DJ Satelite and other great themes like Dança Killa "and" Na Palma da Mão ", which were part of the first album dos Lamba entitled "Staff of Ku-Duro", which in 2006 sold 10,000 copies of physical CDs, this being, at the time, the first album in Angola to reach the mark of 10,000 copies sold in six hours. 

After the success previously made, in 2006 DJ Satelite, Bruno M and DJ Vamburgue, produced the album "Batida Única", which was the affirmation of the new generation of Kuduro and where they completely changed the metrics of Kuduro. 
Bruno M with his way of singing and creating, DJ Satelite and DJ Vamburgue meticulous in their choices about how the album could be, the three ended up doing a job with a lot of energy and success. 

After experiencing many adventures in Kuduro, in 2008 DJ Satelite decided to leave the room for the world, and embarked on other waves looking for a focus for his career and new steps for his production company Seres Produções. 
That's how he decided to upgrade Kuduro to Afro House, and launched his first work of its kind in 2012. 

With the growth of the label and the arrival of new artists to the house, there was a need to start publicizing all these arrivals to the world, and it was in 2014 that he started his journey through the digital world, more specifically the digital distribution through the various sales platforms. and streaming around the world. 

Its presence in the world of Afro House, became a growing success, as it had already happened in the world of Kuduro, and with that it could not be different its structure that had always been strong and aligned. Then, in 2016, new members of the team appeared that helped to cement and disseminate the new footprints of Seres Produçōes for this new world of African Electronic Music. 

Among them is DANYKAS DJ, who started by structuring small sections first, but quickly caught up with Seres' development and today is the label's manager, Dj and producer Rosario of the Mbambu Records group, which has been one of the elements that launches works assiduously with Seres Producoes, DJs and producers Over12, Inami, Afro Pupo, Wilson Kentura, Drunky Daniels, Dj Lesh SA, K.O.D and Bun Xapa who have also been impartial in the whole growth of this family. 

Given the exposure that Seres Produções has been having over these years, the highlight gained in the various annual label charts around the world and the great demand on the part of artists to launch their work in it, Seres created two more SRPDS and DADSA MUSIC, which appear like this, to give continuity and even more opportunities to many talented artists who deserve their highlight. 

In 2016, The label compiled an Album titled "Muloje", which got attention in Angola and featured on The Okayafrica Magazine and Portugal based magazine, BANTUMEN.

In 2018, Seres Produções released an EP from Oscar P and FNX Omar, the song held the top ten Afro House charts for several months on both Traxsource and Beatport, ending of the year of 2018 with on position 27 on the Traxsource Afro House of 2018 and position 177 on the all House music sub-genre chart. The song was then featured on the House Nation IBIZA 2018 Album by Milk & Sugar.

Seres Produções holds an annual event called Room System.
The first Room System event, was held in Angola at the Elinga Bar on the 4th of July 2015, then later on, the event took place in Lisbon the same year on the 11th of December, securing residency in Lisbon, Room System began to invite more attention and artists such as, Hyenah, DANYKAS DJ, Boddhi Satva, DJ Johnny, Mbambu.

 – SRPDS

Batter (cooking)

Batter is thin dough that can be easily poured into a pan. Batter is used mainly for pancakes, light cakes and as the coating for some fried foods. The word "batter" comes from a French word "battre". "Battre" means beat. Many batters require vigorous beating or whisking in their preparation.

A number of batters are made by combining dry flour with liquids, like eggs, milk and water. Often, a leavening agent such as baking powder is included to fluff up the batter while it cooks. The mixture may be naturally fermented for this actual purpose, as well as to add flavor.

The viscosity of batter may be from very 'heavy" to "thin". Heat is applied to the batter, often by frying, baking or steaming in order to cook the ingredients and to "set" the batter in a solid form.

Beer is a popular ingredient in batters used to coat food before frying. One reason is that a basic batter can be made from flour, beer and some salt. The purpose of using beer is so the bubbles in the beer will add lightness and body to the batter. The practice of beer battering is popular in several countries, including the United States, Iceland, Germany and Australia.

Treehouse of Horror III

"Treehouse of Horror III" is the 5th episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> fourth season. It was first shown on television on October 29, 1992. It is the third episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. In the episode, Bart gets an evil talking doll, King Homer is taken by Mr. Burns, and Bart and Lisa start a zombie apocalypse.

The episode was written by Al Jean, Mike Reiss, Jay Kogen, Wallace Wolodarsky, Sam Simon, and Jon Vitti. Carlos Baeza is the director for the episode.


Ivy Bethune

Ivy Bethune (1 June 1918 – 19 July 2019) was an American actress. She played Duana in the "" first season episode "When The Bough Breaks." Bethune also played Ma Peabody in the 1985 movie "Back to the Future". 

At the time of her death, Bethune was the second-oldest living female "Star Trek" performer, after Marsha Hunt. She was the third oldest overall "Star Trek" performer after Hunt and Norman Lloyd. She was the sixth "Star Trek" performer to reach the age of 100.

She died of natural causes in Woodland Hills, California.

Agustín Roberto Radrizzani

Agustín Roberto Radrizzani, SDB (September 22, 1944 – September 2, 2020) was an Argentine prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Mercedes-Luján from 2007 until 2019.

Radrizzani became a priest on March 25, 1972.

On May 14, 1991, he became the Bishop of Neuquén by Pope John Paul II. 

He was later named Bishop of Lomas de Zamora on April 24, 2001. He was promoted by Pope Benedict XVI to Archbishop of Mercedes-Luján on December 27, 2007. 

He died on September 2, 2020 from COVID-19, aged 75.


David Capel

David John Capel (6 February 1963 – 2 September 2020) was an English cricketer. He played for Northamptonshire and England.

He was part of the Northamptonshire County Cricket Club both as a player as well as coach for 32 years. 

He became the assistant coach of the England women's cricket team in 2013, staying in the role until 2015. 

In October 2016, he was appointed by the Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) as the head coach of the Bangladesh women's cricket team. 

In 2018, he was diagnosed with brain cancer. He died from the disease on 2 September 2020, aged 57.

The Killing Game (1967 movie)

The Killing Game () is a 1967 French comedy movie directed by Alain Jessua and starring Jean-Pierre Cassel, Claudine Auger, Michel Duchaussoy, Nancy Holloway.

Yellow-bellied weasel

The yellow-bellied weasel ("Mustela kathiah") is a type of weasel. It lives in pine forests in central and eastern Asia.

This type of weasel is named for its yellow-colored underbelly; the upperside of the body and the tail are of a dark brown. Yellow-bellied weasels can grow up to 9.8–10.6 inches (25–27 cm) long. The tail is 4.9–5.9 inches (12–15 cm) long. It weighs about 3.3 pounds (1.5 kg).

It lives in Bhutan, Burma, China, India, Laos, Nepal, Pakistan, Thailand and Vietnam. It lives in forests between 1,000 m and 2,000 m in elevation. In winter, it may come down lower than 1,000 m.

Yellow-bellied weasels mostly eat rodents such as mice, rats, and voles. They will also eat birds and small mammals.

Yellow-bellied weasels first build a den in the ground. They breed every year. Mating happens in late spring or early summer. Females are pregnant for about ten months. The female gives birth to 3-18 kits in April or May. By the time the kits are eight weeks old, they are ready to go out and hunt by themselves.

Yellow-bellied weasels are easily trained. It can be used to control rodents in buildings.

Céline Ferer

Céline Ferer (born 21 June 1991) is a French rugby union player. She played for the France women's national rugby union team. She played in the 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2020 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played with Stade Toulousain.

Yulia Rudenko

Yulia Vitalievna Rudenko (born Yulia Guzeva on 26 May 1990 in Krasnodar) is a Russian rugby union player, and 2014 rugby sevens champion. She participated at the 2014 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Grand Prix Series, and 2016 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Grand Prix Series, and 2016 European Rugby Championship, and 2019–20 Rugby Europe Championships.

She plays for Krasny Yar.

Voorhout

Voorhout () is a village and former municipality in the western Netherlands. It is in the province of South Holland. It had a population of 14,792 in 2004. Together with Sassenheim and Warmond, it has become part of the Teylingen municipality on January 1, 2006. 

Voorhout is located in an area called the "Dune and Bulb Region" (Duin- en Bollenstreek).


Lisse

Lisse is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland. 

It covers an area of 16.05 km2 (6.20 sq mi). Its population was 22,800 in 2019.

Laskovyi Mai

Laskovyi Mai (may be spelled also as "Laskovyy May", "Laskovy May", "Laskovy Mai", "Laskoviy May"; ) was a Soviet boy band from Moscow. It was founded by Russian songwriter, composer and musician Sergei Kuznetsov. 

The group's best-known member was Yuri Shatunov. The groupd ended in 1992. Laskovyi Mai once had been called "the legends of the 80–90s".


Yuri Shatunov

Yuriy Vasilevich Shatunov, commonly known as Yuri (Russian:Юрий Васильевич Шатунов) (6 September 1973 – 23 June 2022) was a Russian singer. He was best known for being the former frontman of the Russian 1980s band Laskoviy Mai (Ласковый май). He was born in Kumertau, Bashkir ASSR.

Shatunov died on 23 June 2022 at a hospital in Domodedovo, Russia from a heart attack, aged 48.


Albert Cheesebrough

Albert Cheesebrough (17 January 1935 – 2 September 2020) was an English footballer. He was a forward. He scored 88 goals in 345 leagues games over a sixteen-year professional career in the Football League.

Cheesebrough died in Southport on 2 September 2020, aged 85.

Bay City Rollers

The Bay City Rollers are a Scottish pop rock in the 1970s. They were called the "teen sensations from Edinburgh".

The group's line-up had many changes over the years, but the classic line-up were guitarists Eric Faulkner and Stuart Wood, singer Les McKeown, bassist Alan Longmuir, and drummer Derek Longmuir.

Melanie Wade Goodwin

Melanie Wade Goodwin (July 22, 1970 – September 1, 2020) was an American politician. Goodwin was in the North Carolina House of Representatives from the 66th district as a member of the Democratic Party. She was in office between 2005 and 2011.

She was the first member of the North Carolina General Assembly to give birth while in office.

Goodwin was born in Richmond, Virginia. She studied at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and at Campbell University.

In 2009, Goodwin was diagnosed with breast cancer. She died on September 1, 2020 from the disease, aged 50.

Hugh Cochrane (footballer)

Hugh Cochrane (9 February 1943 – 17 August 2020) was a Scottish professional footballer. He was born in Glasgow. His career lasted between 1961 to 1966.

He played as an inside forward. He played junior football for Dennistoun Waverley before signing for Dundee United in 1961. 

He signed for Barnsley in August 1963, making five Football League appearances. After leaving Barnsley, Cochrane played non-League football for Wimbledon, Ashford Town (Kent) and Margate.

Cochrane died on 17 August 2020 in Yorkshire, aged 77.

Buffalo Wild Wings

Buffalo Wild Wings (nicknamed B-Dubs) is an American casual dining restaurant franchise. The restaurant does business in the United States, Canada, Mexico, India, Panama, the Philippines and several other countries.

The company was founded in 1982. It was originally called Buffalo Wild Wings & Weck.

As of June 2017, the company had 1,238 locations in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.

The company's headquarters is in Sandy Springs, Georgia. Sandy Springs is home to its parent company, Inspire Brands, which is just north of Atlanta. The brand runs its support center from Minneapolis, Minnesota.

The chain is best known for buffalo wings and for other items, such as chicken tenders and legs.

Peter Erskine

Peter Erskine (born June 5, 1954) is an American jazz drummer. He was a member of the jazz fusion groups Weather Report and Steps Ahead. Erskine was born in Somers Point, New Jersey. His career began in 1972.


Somers Point, New Jersey

Somers Point is the oldest settlement in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It was first settled in 1693. At the 2020 United States Census, the city's population was 10,469.

David Kelly

David Kelly may refer to:


David Kelly (weapons expert)

David Christopher Kelly (14 May 1944 – 17 July 2003) was a Welsh scientist. He was a well known person in biological warfare (BW). He was born in Glamorgan.

In July 2003 he had an off-the-record conversation with BBC's Andrew Gilligan, during their discussion they talked about the 2002 dossier on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction, which stated that some of Iraq's chemical and biological weapons were deployable within 45 minutes.

After the BBC interview, Kelly's was called to appear on 15 July before the parliamentary Intelligence and Security and Foreign Affairs Select committees. Two days later Kelly was found dead near his home, aged 59.

Kelly killed himself by cutting his wrist while taking a large amount of dextropropoxyphene at a woodland area in Oxfordshire.

Doctor Fate

Doctor Fate (also known as Fate) is the name of multiple fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The best known character who became Doctor Fate is Kent Nelson.

Many people become Doctor Fate in the DC Universe when they become sorcerers. The original version of the character was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Howard Sherman, and first appeared in "More Fun Comics" #55 (May 1940).

He is played by actor Pierce Brosnan in the DC Extended Universe movie "Black Adam" (2022).

Gardner Fox

Gardner Francis Cooper Fox (May 20, 1911 – December 24, 1986) was an American comics writer. He was known best for creating many comic book characters for DC Comics. He created Hawkman, The Flash, The Justice League, Batgirl and Doctor Fate.

Fox was born in New York City. He died on December 25, 1986 in Princeton, New Jersey from pneumonia at the age of 75.

Hawkman

Hawkman is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Dennis Neville. The original Hawkman first appeared in "Flash Comics" #1, published by All-American Publications in 1940.

There has been many versions of Hawkman in DC Comics, all of them use archaic weaponry and have large wings, attached to a harness made from the special metal that allows them to fly. Most versions of Hawkman work closely with a partner/romantic interest named Hawkgirl or Hawkwoman.


Hawkgirl

Hawkgirl is the name of several fictional superheroines appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The original Hawkgirl, Shiera Sanders Hall, was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Dennis Neville. She first appeared in "Flash Comics" #1 (January 1940). She is a member of the Justice League.

She often works with and sometimes has a romantic relationship with Hawkman. 


Booster Gold

Booster Gold (Michael Jon Carter) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He was created by Dan Jurgens. The character first appeared in "Booster Gold" #1 (February 1986). He is a member of the Justice League.

He is known for his knowledge of historical events and future technology to use as his superpower. Over the course of his publication history and through personal tragedies, he becomes a true hero weighed down by the bad things he did in the past.

American comic book

An American comic book is a thin book in the United States that has comics usually of superheroes. While it was created in 1933, American comic books first became popular after the 1938 publication of "Action Comics", which included the debut of the superhero Superman. 

The comic book superhero first emerged from pulp fiction in the 1930s in what is known as the Golden Age of DC Comics and its protagonists superheroes characters such as Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman, who were only marginally associated with science and technology. The post-World War II period saw a decline in the popularity of these figures. But in the 1960s, Marvel Comics brought about a Silver Age by creating a new pantheon of superheroes characters including Spider-Man, the Incredible Hulk and the X-Men, all of whom reflected a deeper concern for the ethical issues associated with science and technology in the nuclear age.

The original famous well known popular superhero-titles "Action Comics", "Detective Comics", "All Star Comics", "Sensation Comics", "The Incredible Hulk" and "Amazing Fantasy", DC and Marvel characters such as Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Hulk and Spider-Man.

This was followed by a superhero boom that lasted until the end of World War II. After the war, while superheroes were well known, the comic book industry later made comics of horror, crime, science fiction and romance.

Calistoga, California

Calistoga is a city in Napa County, in California's Wine Country. During the 2020 census, the population was 5,228.

Global citizenship

Global citizenship is the idea that everyone is a member of the world. This means that everyone has duties and rights no matter what country they come from.


Sidney Jellicoe

Sidney Jellicoe (25 August 1906 – 24 November 1973) was a British-Canadian dean emeritus, biblical scholar, Harrold professor of Divinity, theological educator, priest and gentleman.

He was a scholar of St Chad's College, Durham. After ordination in York Minster in 1934 he served as a parish priest in England for eleven years, then for eight years was Chaplain and Lecturer at Bishop Otter Training College, Chichester. In 1952, he became Dean of Divinity and Harrold Professor at Bishop's University, Lennoxville, Quebec. In 1966, he became Dean of Theology and in 1971 Dean Emeritus, as well as first Chairman of the Division of Graduate Studies. In 1955, Diocesan College, Montreal, conferred on him the degree of Doctor of Divinity (honoris causa) and in 1970 Bishop's University granted him the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law. He was one of the founders of the International Organization for Septuagint and Cognate Studies (IOSCS) including Robert A. Kraft.

He also wrote a number of articles for learned journals, such as "New Testament Studies" and the "Catholic Biblical Quarterly". In 1968, his definitive work on 20th century Septuagint studies was published by Oxford Clarendon Press, entitled "The Septuagint and Modern Study".

I can't breathe

I can't breathe is a slogan tied to the Black Lives Matter movement in the United States. The phrase comes from the last words of Eric Garner. He was an unarmed black man who was killed in 2014 after being put in a chokehold by New York City police officers.

A number of other black men and women said the phrase. That included George Floyd, a 46-year-old black man in Minneapolis, Minnesota who was killed by a Minneapolis police officer. The officer had his knee on Floyd's neck for almost nine minutes.

The words "I can't breathe" have become a protest chant.

Floyd told Minneapolis police officers more than 20 times that he couldn't breathe.

Hamidullah Karimi

Hamidullah Karimi, sometimes called "Hamidullah Nesar Ahmad", is an Afghan football player.

The Hamidullah Karimi usually is in the Real Madrid, and always in Barcelona. When Balal Arezou is with Real Madrid, he played in Real Madrid.

The Hamidullah Karimi never with the Mustafa Azadzoy and Zohib Islam Amiri (Haroon Fakhruddin) in Juventus. While Ahmad Arash Hatifi go to Atletico Madrid,he never comes up.

He taught in the Gremio FC when Ahmad Arash Hatifi going to Gremio. The pack is available if Ahmad Arash Hatifi going to Barcelona with Balal Arezou and Hamidullah Karimi


Minstrel show

The minstrel show was an American form of entertainment. It was developed in the 19th century. Each show was of comic skits, dancing and music performances that showed people of African descent. The shows were played by mostly white people in makeup or blackface for the purpose of playing black people. There were also some African American performers and black-only minstrel groups that formed and toured.

Minstrel shows parodied blacks and African Americans as happy-go-lucky, lazy and dim-witted.

Minstrel shows came out as brief burlesques in the early 1830s in the Northeastern United States. They were developed into full-fledged form around the next decade.

By the turn of the 20th century, the minstrel show was a shadow of its former popularity. It was replaced for the most part by vaudeville.

Mustafa Azadzoy

Mustafa Azadzoy is an Afghan footballer.

Mustafa Azadzoy also played in Lokomotiv Moscow and Ahmad Arash Hatifi went to former club at 2015, he taught to play at 2016 until 2019. In 2005, Mustafa Azadzoy and Hamidullah Karimi joined. When played at (in/on) Zira he taught to go to the Tottenham Hotspur. He go to Lokomotiv Moscow at 2019. Also he could to say red card for you because on Azerbaijani Premier League at the Garabag and Zira because he going to stoping a 90-age coach.

He taught in a Baku city,in the Azerbaijan due to Zira and Juventus match. He going to due a substitution due to Cristiano Ronaldo is not available.

• Hamidullah Karimi

A9 (Sydney)

A9 is a road route is Sydney, Formerly Metroad 9. This road consists of multiple roads. 

These include:


Acting president

An acting president is a person who temporarily fills the role of a country's president when the incumbent president is unavailable (such as by illness or a vacation) or when the post is vacant (such as for death, injury, resignation, dismissal). The following articles detail the constitutional role of an acting president in various countries:


Vaynah dialect

Vaynah dialect () is an extinct dialect. Like this word: Шемиж used Шамэз for the vaynah dialect. The glottal stop is used for Ъ letter. Not a two symbol (") because it is the extinct dialect of Chechen.

According to a (the) Omniglot,it is uses the extinct dialect after Grozny dialect. Omniglot says that is after a Grozny dialect,so uses the Chechen language.

Janata Party

The Janata Party (JNP, translation: "People's Party") was an amalgam of Indian political parties opposed to the Emergency that was imposed between 1975 to 1977 by Prime Minister Indira Gandhigeneral election|1977 general election]], the party defeated the Congress and Janata leader Morarji Desai became the first non-Congress prime minister in independent modern India's history.

Mooseknuckle (disambiguation)

A moose-knuckle is a male genital bulge. It may also refer to:


European mink

The European mink ("Mustela lutreola"), is a semiaquatic type of mustelid. It is also called the Russian mink and Eurasian mink. It is native to Europe.

The European mink has a very long body with short limbs. The European mink has a large, wide head with short ears. The mink's tail is short. Males are 373–430 mm (14.7–16.9 in) long. Females are 352–400 mm (13.9–15.7 in) long. The tail is 153–190 mm (6.0–7.5 in) in males. It is 150–180 mm (5.9–7.1 in) in females. It weighs 550–800 grams (1.21–1.76 lb). It is a fast and agile animal. It is great at swimming. It is able to run along stream beds. It can stay underwater for one to two minutes.

The winter fur, is very thick and dense. The fur is not long. The summer fur is a little bit shorter, hairier and less dense than the winter fur. In dark coloured European minks, the fur is dark brown or almost blackish-brown. Lighter European minks are reddish brown.

European minks are found in Northeast Spain and France and throughout Europe to the Irtysh and Ob Rivers.

The European mink lives in densely shaded banks of fresh water creeks, rivers, and lakes. The European minks may make their own burrows. They may live in the burrow of a water vole. They may live in cracks among root of trees.

The European mink eats different animals that lives in aquatic and riparian habitats. Voles are the most important source of food for the European mink. It also eats crustaceans, frogs and water insects. Fish are an important food source in floodlands. When there is a lot of food, it stores its food.

The mating season happens from February to March. The gestation period is 35–72 days. The kits are given birth to in April and May. They give birth to three to seven kits. At birth, kits weigh about 6.5 grams (0.23 oz), and grow fast. They are born blind; the eyes open after 30–31 days. The kits suck milk for 2.0 to 2.5 months, even though the kits eat solid food after 20–25 days. They follow their mother to hunt by the age of 56–70 days. They leave the family at the age 70–84 days.

European mink populations have been decreasing because of ecological and commercial reasons. They are now listed as critically endangered by the IUCN. The main reason is capturing them for their fur. Another reason for the decline is water pollution and hydroelectric dams. Efforts to bring European minks to the Kuril Islands and Tajikistan have begun.

Patricia Carricaburu

Patricia Carricaburu (born 21 September 1988) is a French rugby union player. She was a member of the France women's national rugby union team. She played at the 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2016 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played for Lons Rugby Féminin Béarn Pyrénées.

Mooseknuckle

A mooseknuckle or manbulge is slang for when the outline or bulge of a man's genitalia (penis and testicles) is visible through clothing. This is normal with form-fitting (tight) swimwear worn by competitive swimmers and divers, and often with cycling shorts (biker shorts) worn by cyclists. A slang word for when the mooseknuckle or manbulge seems erect or pointy includes "trouser tent". Other slang words for the mooseknuckle or manbulge includes "dick-print". The female equivalent of mooseknuckle or manbulge is cameltoe, which means the visible outline of a woman's genitalia. The mooseknuckle or manbulge tends to be more obvious with clothing such as grey sweatpants. The reason why most men have a mooseknuckle or manbulge through clothes is because male genitalia is on the outside of the body.

Ranoidea fuscula

Ranoidea fuscula is a tree frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it in the Derewo River Basin in Papua Province, 1890 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in mountain streams. The scientists who wrote the first paper about "Ranoidea fuscula" said it was closely related to "Ranoidea dorsivena".

Reza Homam

Reza Homam (born December 12, 1960 - January 28, 2006 in Hamburg) was a German-Iranian make-up artist.

Homam, who is considered the pioneer of permanent make-up, counted many prominent personalities among his customers, including Barbara Herzsprung, Esther Schweins, Dagmar Berghoff, Sonja Kirchberger, Jürgen Drews. He moderated several television programs and founded his own line of cosmetics. Homam was the brother of professional poker player Soraya Homam.

Reza Homam committed suicide in his Hamburg apartment in 2006.

Largest Artiodactyls

The following is a list of largest mammals in the even-toed ungulates, that is, the Artiodactyls.












Julie Duval

Julie Duval (born 31 December 1987) is a French rugby union player. She played for the France women's national rugby union team from 2012 to 2018. She participated at the 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2019 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played with the Caen rugby team.

Cyrielle Banet

Cyrielle Banet (born 29 August 1994) is a French rugby union player. She played for the France women's national rugby union team. She was in the 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship and 2020 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played for Montpellier rugby club.

Caroline Boujard

Caroline Boujard (born 6 January 1994) is a French rugby union player. She played for the France women's national rugby union team. She participated at the 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2020 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played for Montpellier rugby club.

Michela Sillari

Michela Sillari (born 23 February 1993) is an Italian rugby union player, three quarters of the center of Valsugana and international since 2012. At all Six Nations 2019, she was the best scorer for the national team (141 points) as well as the third best ever after Veronica Schiavon and Michela Tondinelli.

She started rugby at seven years of age in the second grade, she was first in the youth teams of Amatori Parma and then moved to Noceto, and then to Lupe Piacenza.

In the 2011-12 season, she was in Colorno, and in February 2012 she made her debut for Recco in the 2012 Six Nations, against England.

In 2016, she moved to the Aylesford Bulls, later to Harlequin FC, with whom in April 2017 she was England champion, also achieving two goals in the final match against Bristol.

Later in the season, she returned to Colorno and took part in the 2017 Rugby World Cup in Ireland. In 2018, she was champion of Italy with the Parmense team and, at the end of the 2018-19 season, she moved to Padua.

Lucia Cammarano

Lucia Cammarano (born 27 July 1992) is an Italian rugby union player. She took part in the 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2019 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played for Monza, where they won the 2013-2014 Serie A championship. She played as a hooker for Belve Neroverdi from L' Aquila.

Sofia Stefan

Sofia Stefan (born 12 May 1992) is an Italian rugby union player. She often plays internationally in the three quarters wing position. She participated at the 2011 FIRA Women's European Trophy, 2012 FIRA Women's European Championship, 2013 Summer Universiade, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played for Rennes' as utility back in the French championship.

Western rattlesnake

Western rattlesnake may refer to:


Prairie rattlesnake

Prairie rattlesnake may refer to:


Itchy &amp; Scratchy: The Movie

"Itchy & Scratchy: The Movie" is the 6th episode of the 4th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on November 3, 1992. In the episode, Homer will not let Bart see the Itchy & Scratchy movie because of the trouble Bart has done.

Homer and Marge go to a parent-teacher conference. Marge is told that Lisa is doing well, but Homer is told that Bart is making trouble. Bart's teacher, Mrs. Krabappel, wants Homer and Marge to control Bart better. When Homer and Marge go home, they find out that Bart has broken Grampa's false teeth. Homer makes him go up to his room with no dinner, but gives him pizza because he feels bad for Bart. 

Bart buys a ticket to see the new Itchy & Scratchy movie. Homer makes Bart watch Maggie while he is gone. Bart does not watch her and Maggie crashes Homer's car. Homer becomes very angry and says that Bart can not watch the Itchy & Scratchy movie. Two months after the movie is first shown, Bart is the only kid in Springfield who has not seen the movie. Bart tries to go to a movie theater to see it, but the theater employees are told by Homer that Bart can not see it. Marge and Lisa try to tell Homer that Bart should see the movie, but Homer still does not want him to. Later, the movie is no longer shown in theaters. Homer tells Bart that he will be responsible and he will grow up to be a good man.

40 years later, Bart becomes the Chief Justice of the United States and Homer is a senior citizen. Homer sees that the Itchy & Scratchy movie is in theaters again and lets Bart see the movie for the first time.


Marge Gets a Job

"Marge Gets a Job" is the 7th episode of the 4th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on November 5, 1992. In the episode, Marge gets a job at the power plant where Homer works at. Mr. Burns (the boss of the power plant) starts to love Marge and tries to make a relationship with her. While this happens, Bart tries to get out of taking a test at school in an allusion of "The Boy Who Cried Wolf".


Super Mario Bros. 35th Anniversary

The Super Mario Bros. 35th Anniversary was a special event also happening in Nintendo games. To remember the Super Mario Series created in 1985, Nintendo made a special Nintendo Direct and released many Super Mario related products. These products include:


Bart D. Ehrman

Bart Denton Ehrman (born October 5, 1955) is an American New Testament scholar focusing on textual criticism of the New Testament, the historical Jesus, the origins and development of early Christianity. He has written and edited 30 books, including three college textbooks. He has also authored six works included in The New York Times Best Seller list. He is currently the James A. Gray Distinguished Professor of Religious Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

He is a 1978 graduate of Wheaton College in Illinois, where he received his bachelor's degree. He received his Ph.D. (in 1985) and M.Div. from Princeton Theological Seminary, where he studied textual criticism of the Bible, development of the New Testament canon and New Testament apocrypha under Bruce Metzger. Both baccalaureate and doctorate were conferred "magna cum laude".

Ehrman has taught at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill since 1988, after four years of teaching at Rutgers University. At UNC he has served as both the Director of Graduate Studies and the Chair of the Department of Religious Studies. Ehrman currently serves as co-editor of the series "New Testament Tools, Studies, and Documents" (E. J. Brill), co-editor-in-chief for the journal "Vigiliae Christianae", and on several other editorial boards for journals and monographs. Ehrman formerly served as President of the Southeast Region of the Society of Biblical Literature, chair of the New Testament textual criticism section of the Society, book review editor of the "Journal of Biblical Literature", and editor of the monograph series "The New Testament in the Greek Fathers" (Scholars Press)

In 2006 he appeared on "The Colbert Report" and "The Daily Show", to promote his book "Misquoting Jesus", and in 2009 reappeared on "The Colbert Report" with the release of "Jesus, Interrupted". Ehrman has appeared on the History Channel, the National Geographic Channel, Discovery Channel, A&E, Dateline NBC, CNN, and NPR's "Fresh Air" and his writings have been featured in "Time", "Newsweek", "The New York Times", "The New Yorker", and "The Washington Post"


Marion Talayrach

Marion Talayrach (born 11 August 1979) is a French rugby union player from Perpignan. She is part of the France women's national rugby union team, competing in the 2005 Women's Six Nations Championship and 2006 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played wing for the USAT XV Toulouges club.

Alessia Pantarotto

Alessia Pantarotto (born 26 July 1991) is an Italian rugby union player. She took part in the 2012 FIRA Women's European Championship, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship.

On a club level, she played for Rugby San Donà, and Rugby Riviera 1975 ASD.

Marta Ferrari

Marta Ferrari (born 9 June 1991) is an Italian rugby union player and judoka. She was a member of the Italy women's national rugby union team and Italy women's national rugby sevens team. She took part the 2012 FIRA Women's European Championship, 2013 Summer Universiade, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played for the French club in Rennes.

Melissa Bettoni

Melissa Bettoni (; born 7 May 1991 in Borgosesia) is an Italian rugby union player. She participated at the 2011 Women's Rugby European championship, 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played for Rennes.

Chase (2010 TV series)

Chase was an American television show on the NBC network. On October 19, 2010, the network ordered a full season consisting of 22 episodes. On April 6, 2011, NBC announced the remaining five episodes would be broadcast on Saturday nights beginning on April 23 and ended the series on May 21, 2011. The show was replaced by "Harry's Law".

Lucia Gai

Lucia Gai (born 3 May 1991) is an Italian rugby union player. She took part in the 2010 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2011 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2020 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played for Rennes in the French women's championship.

Cristina Molic

Cristina Molic (born 31 December 1990) is an Italian rugby union player. She took part in the 2013 Summer Universiade, 2013 Women's European Qualification Tournament, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2016 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played for Rugby Riviera 1975 ASD, and Valsugana Rugby.


Elisa Giordano

Elisa Giordano (born 1 November 1990) is an Italian rugby union player. She is a member of the Italian national team. She participated at the 2012 FIRA Women's European Championship, 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2016 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2019 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2020 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played wing for Valsugana Rugby Padova.

S.C. Braga

Sporting Clube de Braga () (), commonly known as Sporting de Braga or just Braga, is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Braga. Its football team plays in the Primeira Liga at the Estádio Municipal de Braga.


Dito (footballer)

Eduardo José Gomes Cameselle Mendez (18 January 1962 – 3 September 2020), known as Dito, was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a central defender, and a manager.

Dito won 17 caps for Portugal, his debut arriving on 28 October 1981, at the age of 19.

During his two-season spell with Benfica, Dito played 27 league games in his first year as the Lisbon club won the double. 

Dito died on 3 September 2020 from a heart attack in Monção, aged 58.

Braga

Benfica

Porto

William Yorzyk

William Albert Yorzyk Jr. (May 29, 1933 – September 2, 2020) was an American competition swimmer. He was born in Northampton, Massachusetts.

Yorzyk represented the United States at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. He was the first swimmer to win the gold medal in the new 200-meter butterfly event.

Yorzyk was a physician in the United States Air Force Medical Corps and was commissioned a captain. He won the U.S. AAU indoor championship in the 220-yard butterfly in 1958. 

Yorzyk was honored into the International Swimming Hall of Fame as an "Honor Swimmer" in 1971.

Yorzyk died on 2 September 2020, aged 87.

František Vaněk

František Vaněk (3 December 1931 – 2 September 2020) was a Czech ice hockey player. He competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics and in the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Uherský Ostroh, Czechoslovakia.

Vaněk died on 2 September 2020, aged 88.

Fred Davies

Frederick Davies (22 August 1939 – 2 September 2020) was an English footballer. He was born in Liverpool. He made nearly 400 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Cardiff City and AFC Bournemouth. 

He later became a manager, taking charge of Shrewsbury Town and Weymouth.

Davies died on 2 September 2020 from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, aged 81.

Cardiff City

Shrewsbury Town

David Graeber

David Rolfe Graeber (; February 12, 1961 – September 2, 2020) was an American anthropologist, anarchist activist and author. He was known for his books "" (2011), "The Utopia of Rules" (2015) and "Bullshit Jobs: A Theory" (2018). 

He was a professor of anthropology at the London School of Economics.

Graeber was born in New York City. He studied at the University of Chicago and at State University of New York at Purchase.

Graeber died on 2 September 2020 in a Venice hospital from a hemorrhage caused by pancreatitis at the age of 59.


Purchase, New York

Purchase is a hamlet in the town and village of Harrison, in Westchester County, New York. Purchase is home to State University of New York at Purchase and Manhattanville College.

Cecilia Zublena

Cecilia Zublena (born 16 May 1990) is an Italian rugby union player. She played in the 2009 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, and Rugby sevens at the 2013 Summer Universiade. She played for University of Rennes.

She played for Rennes in the French women's championship.

Yves Hervochon

Yves Hervochon (13 June 1935 – 27 August 2020) was a French painter. He won several prizes in Brittany, and two of his paintings were purchased by the City of Rennes. Hervochon painted nature primarily, mainly about the weather and time of year.

Hervochon died on 27 August 2020 in Rennes, aged 85.

Pavel Branko

Pavel Branko (April 27, 1921 – August 17, 2020) was an Italian-born Slovak movie critic, movie theorist, translator of fiction and non-fiction literature. He was called "the doyen of Slovak film criticism". He was born in Trieste, Italy. Many of his works focused on the impact of the history of Czechoslovakia.

Branko died in August 2020 at the age of 99.

Hervé Blanc

Hervé Blanc (29 January 1955 – 16 August 2020) was a French actor. He was born in Lyon. He was known for his role in the 1980 drama movie "A Week's Vacation". He also starred in "L'Été ardent" (1982), "L'émir préfère les blondes" (1983), "Un fils" (2003) and in "Ceci est mon corps" (2014).

Blanc died on 16 August 2020, aged 65.

Laura Di Muzio

Laura Di Muzio (born 20 March 1990) is a French rugby union and rugby sevens player, and television commentator.

She played for Lille Métropole rugby club villeneuvois. She was captain of the team, and champion of France in 2016.

She was a television commentator for the 2018 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2019 Women's Rugby Super Series.


Lénaïg Corson

Lénaïg Corson (born on 15 March 1989) is a French rugby sevens and rugby union player.

She particpated at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2019 Women’s Rugby Super Series.

Aurélie Groizeleau

Aurélie Groizeleau (born 27 February 1989) is a French international rugby referee.

She grew up in Marans in Charente-Maritime. She was a member of the France women's national rugby union team and France women's national rugby sevens team. She was injured in 2007.

She was a referee at 2019 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2020 Women's Six Nations Championship.

Maria Grazia Cioffi

Maria Grazia Cioffi (born 3 February 1989) is an Italian rugby player and rugby coach.

She was a member of the Italian national team. She participated in the 2009 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

On the club level, she played for Colorno, where she won the Serie A 2017-2018 championship.

Croatia Records

Croatia Records is the largest record label in Croatia, based in Zagreb.

Croatia Records d.d. is a company led by Želimir Babogredac, an important sound engineer. It releases mostly (but not all) mainstream music, and it has had many popular Croatian musicians of many music genres such as Dražen Zečić, Arsen Dedić, Mišo Kovač, Josipa Lisac, Goran Bare, Teška industrija, Thompson, Maksim Mrvica, Crvena jabuka, Jelena Rozga, Novi fosili, Opća opasnost, Rade Šerbedžija, Jacques Houdek, Parni valjak, Leteći odred, Mladen Grdović, Dino Dvornik, Dino Merlin, Hari Rončević, Adastra, Radojka Šverko, Klapa Sveti Florijan, Giuliano, Dječaci, Mate Bulić, Disciplin a Kitschme, Srebrna krila, Divlje jagode, Bosutski bećari, Indexi, Sinan Alimanović, Lu Jakelić, Mia Dimšić, Mia Negovetić, Nina Donelli and others. Today, Croatia Records claims to have a 70% share of the Croatian music market and has 30 record stores. Being a successor of Jugoton, from which it gained a very large audio and video collection, Croatia Records is also active in re-releasing numerous digitally remastered former Yugoslav pop and rock titles. During the global retro trend, the company decided to re-introduce gramophone records as well.

The company that is today Croatia Records was founded in 1947 in Zagreb, the capital of the then-People's Republic of Croatia under the name Jugoton, a publicly owned company which was the largest record label and chain record store in the former SFR Yugoslavia. Jugoton signed many popular Yugoslav artists such as: Indexi, Bijelo Dugme, Električni Orgazam, Haustor, Idoli and Leb i Sol, and also many popular foreign stars for the Yugoslav market including: Elvis Presley, The Beatles, Rolling Stones, Madonna, U2, David Bowie, Queen, Deep Purple, Pink Floyd, Iron Maiden, Kraftwerk, Depeche Mode etc. The company also owned a chain of record shops across Yugoslavia. Many Yugoslav entries in the Eurovision Song Contest were signed with Jugoton, like the 1989 winners Riva.

After the change from socialist state to parliamentary democracy in 1989, the question of Croatia's independence from Yugoslavia was raised. In 1991, shortly before the declaration of Croatian independence and the breakup of Yugoslavia, the company's name Jugoton, a portmanteau word of "Jugoslavija" (Yugoslavia) and "tone", was changed to Croatia Records. Parallelly, the major labels in Serbia and Slovenia such as PGP RTB and ZKP RTLJ were renamed to PGP-RTS and ZKP RTVS. The company was now owned by the independent Republic of Croatia, but since socialism had ended, it was sold off to private owners. Since the year of 2000, Croatia Records is ran by professionals from the music industry who are in the partnership company called AUTOR d.o.o. (limited company). In 2001, the musician Miroslav Škoro became the leader of Croatia Records, until his resignation in 2006.

Croatia Records Music Publishing (CRMP d.o.o.) is a company owned by Croatia Records d.d. that works in the managing of rules for the use of copyrighted music and its digital sale.

Founded in 1947 as part of Jugoton, today Croatia Records Music Publishing is its own company. Croatia Records Music Publishing has the largest catalog of Croatian songs and the largest catalog of master recordings made in the last 40 years of the most famous Croatian singers such as Arsen Dedić, Đorđe Novković, Damir Urban, Nenad Ninčević, Zlatan Stipišić - Gibonni, Zdenko Runjić.

Often, the company was a target of public complaint on various issues.

Croatia Records has been the object of an issue raised by singer Branimir Štulić over royalty rights. Štulić claims that the royalties of songs by former rock band Azra, of which he was the lead singer in the 1980s, and which was then managed by Jugoton. Štulić has named a sum of 12 million Euros that he thinks Croatia Records owes him, but he has not tried to take legal action to claim it. Želimir Babogredac said in response that Croatia Records has all the legal rights to release titles by Štulić and Azra, as the company is a direct successor of Jugoton, whom these artists were signed for. He also said that the sum Štulić claims is too large. However, he added that Croatia Records is proud to have the very popular Štulić in the list of its artists and that he may receive a payment from the sale of audio CDs only if he joins the Croatian Composers' Society - .



Thompson (band)

Thompson is a Croatian ethno band, founded by Marko Perković aka "Thompson", often thought of as the same as the band itself. "Thompson" is Perković's stage name. He is the songwriter and lead vocalist. The members of the band, aside from him, are Tomislav Mandarić, Ivan Ivanković, Duje Ivić, and Ivica Bilić Ike.

The band name originates from the Thompson submachine gun, a nickname given to Perković while he fought in the Croatian War of Independence. Although mostly formed in Čavoglave, Thompson is currently based in Zagreb. Thompson came to be popular during the Croatian war in 1991, with the release of the first single "Bojna Čavoglave", which is about the Croatian participation in the Yugoslav Wars and was included in the compilation album "Rock za Hrvatsku". This song, with slightly different lyrics, named "Branitelji Sarajeva", was sung by the BiH Army during the Siege of Sarajevo ("Sarajevo zaboravit neće nikada"). During the 1990s Thompson became popular in Croatia with the release of the first album "Moli mala" in 1992. They later became popular again with the hit "Prijatelji" in 1998. 

In 2002, Thompson started their first major tour to promote the album "E, moj narode". This tour continued on and off until 2005, and included concerts at the Sydney Entertainment Centre and Melbourne's Vodafone Arena. In May 2005, the album was declared a Diamond Record with more than 60,000 copies sold. Touring continued in 2006 with "Bilo jednom u Hrvatskoj", again performing internationally with concerts in Germany, Sweden, Australia, Canada, and the United States.

Thompson features annually at the Homeland Victory celebrations in their hometown of Čavoglave. These performances are attended by as many as 60,000 to 100,000 viewers, and feature Croatian singers like Mate Bulić, Dražen Zečić, Ivan Mikulić, and Baruni. The band has became controversial for its alleged praise of the World War Two Nazi-affiliated Ustaše regime in their songs and concerts.


Jugoton

Jugoton was the largest record label and chain record store in the former Yugoslavia based in Zagreb, SR Croatia.

Jugoton was created in 1947. It released some of the most important former Yugoslav pop and rock records. The company also owned a large network of record shops across SFR Yugoslavia.

After the break-up of Yugoslavia began, the company changed its name to Croatia Records in 1991.

Jugoton signed many famous former Yugoslav pop and rock acts. Some of the artists that have been signed to Jugoton include:


Jugoton also released the popular compilation album "Paket aranžman". Many artists that represented Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest were signed with Jugoton, including the 1989 winners Riva.

Like other former Yugoslav labels, Jugoton also had a licence to release foreign titles for the Yugoslav market including notable international popular music stars such as: Rick Astley, The Beatles, David Bowie, Kate Bush, Deep Purple, Eurythmics, Iron Maiden, Kraftwerk, John Lennon, Madonna, Gary Moore, Mötley Crüe, Elvis Presley, Pink Floyd, Public Image Limited, Queen, The Rolling Stones, Scorpions, U2, Whitesnake, Kim Wilde and others.

Other major labels in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia were: PGP-RTB and Jugodisk from Belgrade; Suzy from Zagreb; Diskoton from Sarajevo; ZKP RTLJ from Ljubljana and others.

Jugoton, as an important part of the former Yugoslav culture is one of the subjects of Yugonostalgia.

The former Jugoton record shop in the main shopping mall in Skopje ("Gradski Trgovski Centar"), North Macedonia, still operates under the same name managed by the Macedonian record label Lithium Records.

An example of different kind is the online radio and web tv station called Jugoton which operates in the Yugoslav diaspora in Vienna, Austria. It plays music from the former Yugoslavia, but also from all the contemporary former Yugoslav countries, including pop, rock and folk. However, it is not formally related to the actual Jugoton, and not all the Yugoslav artists represented in its program were really signed to the label.

"Yugoton" is a Polish tribute album to the former Yugoslav rock scene released in 2001. Its title is a nod to Jugoton.



Ramkrishna Baba Patil

Ramkrishna Jagannath Patil (2 September 1936 – 2 September 2020), popularly known as Ramkrishna Baba, was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress political party. He was born in Aurangabad, Maharashtra.

Patil was a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly between 1985 to 1995. He later became a member of the Lok Sabha between 1998 to 2004.

Patil died of diabetes-related problems in Aurangabad on his 84th birthday on 2 September 2020.

Gianni Serra

Gianni Serra (14 December 1933 – 3 September 2020) was an Italian director and writer of movies, television and theatre. He was born in Montichiari, Italy. He was known for writing and directing the movies "Uno dei tre" (1973), "Fortezze vuote" (1975), "La ragazza di via Millelire" (1980) and "Una lepre con la faccia di bambina" (1988).

Serra died on 3 September 2020 in Rome, aged 86.

Dave Zeller

David A. Zeller (June 8, 1939 – September 3, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Miami RedHawks. He played in the National Basketball Association for the Cincinnati Royals between 1961 to 1962. Zeller was born in New Carlisle, Ohio.

Zeller died on September 3, 2020 in Toledo, Ohio at the age of 81.

Richard M. Weiner

Richard M. Weiner (6 February 1930 – 13 August 2020) was a Romanian-born German professor of theoretical physics. He worked at the University of Marburg in Marburg, Germany. He was an associate of the Laboratoire de Physique Théorique at Paris-Sud 11 University. Weiner was born in Czernowitz, Romania.

Weiner died on 13 August 2020 at the age of 90.

Code Name: Tiger

Code Name: Tiger (also known as Le Tigre aime la chair fraîche in French) is a 1964 French Italian thriller movie directed by Claude Chabrol and stars Roger Hanin, Maria Mauban, Daniela Bianchi, Roger Dumas. It was followed by "Our Agent Tiger" in 1965.

Manuela Furlan

Manuela Furlan (born 30 June 1988 in Trieste) is an Italian rugby union player. She is captain of the Italian Rugby Federation. She participated at the 2009 Six Nations Championship, 2013 Summer Universiade, 2015 Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

On the club level, she played for Benetton Rugby.

Flavia Severin

Flavia Severin (born 1 April 1987) is an Italian rugby player and boxer. She was four-time boxing champion of Italy in two weight categories, and finalist in the 2014 European amateur boxing championship. She won a gold medal at the 2018 Women's European Amateur Boxing Championships.

She was a member of the Italy women's national rugby union team. She participated at the 2006 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She grew up in Paese.

She plays for the Red Panthers of Treviso.

Awa Coulibaly

Awa Gianna Coulibaly (born 6 March 1987) is an Italian rugby player, and judoka. She won the 2019 African Cadet Judo Championships. She played for Stade Rennes rugby.

She was born in Bamako. Her father was an architect, and her mother was an interior decorator. She was raised from the age of three in Chieri, where she finished her secondary studies. She practiced various sports at school before devoting herself to rugby. 

In 2005, she played for the Biella club, in Piedmont. In 2007, she joined the Orso Rugby Club ASD, in Biella. In 2011, she signed for AS Rugby Monza, Lombardy.

She played for the Italian team A at the 2012 European Championship in Rovereto, and on November 18 in Rome in a test match against the United States. She played at the 2012 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship. 

In 2013, she was one of the first group of Italian players to play in France to gain more experience, at Rennes. She attended a local university.

Birol Ünel

Birol Ünel (18 August 1961 – 3 September 2020) was a Turkish-born German actor. He was born in Mersin, Turkey. His first movie roles was in the 1988 German drama movie "The Passenger – Welcome to Germany". He later became known for starring in "In July" (2000), "Head-On" (2004), "Transylvania" (2006), and in "Soul Kitchen" (2009).

Ünel, suffering from alcoholism, was hospitalized in August 2020. He died a few weeks later from liver cancer in Berlin, aged 59.

Wick Allison

Lodowick Brodie Cobb "Wick" Allison (March 17, 1948September 1, 2020) was an American magazine publisher and writer. He was the owner of "D Magazine". It is a monthly magazine covering Dallas–Fort Worth, Texas. He co-founded the magazine in 1974. He was also the main owner of People Newspapers. he purchased Peoples Newspapers in 2003. Allison was the president of the non-profit American Ideas Institute. They are the publisher of "The American Conservative".

Allison was born in Dallas, Texas, on March 17, 1948. He was a sixth-generation Texan. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1971. He served as editor of the student magazine "The Texas Ranger", Allison earned a degree in American Studies. after he finished college, he worked in the White House on the President's Commission on Campus Unrest. After that, he joined the United States Army. He attended the Cox School of Business at Southern Methodist University. While at SMU, Allison created his business plan for "D Magazine" before dropping out.

Allison married Christine Peterson in 1983. Together, they had four daughters: Gillea, Maisie, Chrissie, and Loddie. Chrissie was born with Down syndrome. Doctors said that she would need to be put into an institution but Allison and his wife chose to her home.

Allison died on September 1, 2020, at his home in Craigie Clair, in the Catskill Mountains. He was 72 years old. He had bladder cancer for more than ten years before his death.

Black Hole (2019 movie)

The world premiere took place on July 11, 2019 at the Revelation Perth International Film Festival. The movie won the special jury prize of the 2019 Bardak Short Film Independent Film Festival.

An astrophysics professor leads a lecture about a black hole that absorbs everything around it. He doesn't know yet that he will also be enveloped by this black hole. 



The movie took part in multiple international film festivals, including the Revelation Perth International Film Festival. On September 29, 2019, he received a special jury prize at the Bardak Short Film Independent Film Festival in Kharkiv.


Alice Trevisan

Alice Trevisan (born 2 July 1986) is an Italian rugby union player. She was a member of the Italian Rugby team. She participated at the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup qualification, 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2017 Women's Six Nations Championship.

She played for Riviera.


Michela Este

Michela Este (born 27 April 1985) is an Italian rugby union player. She was a member of the Italian national rugby team. She participated at the 2009 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She played for Benetton Rugby Treviso.

Paola Zangirolami

Paola Zangirolami (born 22 October 1984) is an Italian rugby union player.

On March 22, 2003, she debuted for Italy against France, where her team won (7 to 3). She was a member of the Italian national team for 14 years. She participated in the 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2016 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

Zangirolami moved to London to study and play for Richmond F.C.


Indonesian mountain weasel

The Indonesian mountain weasel ("Mustela lutreolina") is a type of weasel. It lives on the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia at altitudes of over 1,000 metres (3,280 ft). They live in mountainous, tropical, and rainforest areas. Indonesian mountain weasels can grow up to 11–12 inches. They are reddish-brown in color.

The Indonesian mountain weasel is usually between 279 m and 321 m long. The tail is about 136 mm to 170 mm long.

Indonesian mountain weasels reach sexual maturity at one year. Their breeding season is believed to be between March and May. They have a gestation period of about 30 days. The young ones are born blind and with very little fur. At the age of one month, the pups eyes open. At the age of two months, they will be weaned.

Indonesian mountain weasels are endangered because they are they only live in a very small area and because not much is known about them. They are among the rarest type of weasel. They are threatened by habitat fragmentation.

Anastasiya Mukharyamova

Anastasiya Khasyanovna Mukharyamova (born July 16, 1984) is a Russian rugby player. She was captain of the Russian women's national team, She was voted Russia's best rugby player in 2007, and 2013 European champion.

She was awarded the Master of Sports of Russia, and Honored Master of Sports of Russia.

In 2005, she graduated from the Russian State University of Tourism and Service. She won the European Championship in 2013 and 2014. She played at the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens. In 2015, she retired.

Maria Veronese

Maria Diletta Veronese (born 4 November 1982) is an Italian rugby player. She was a member of the Italian Women's Rugby team. She participated at the 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens, 2009 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2010 Six Nations Championship, 2011 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2013 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2015 Six Nations Championship.

She graduated from Accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia.

Yoshihide Suga

Suga was born to a family of strawberry farmers in Ogachi (now Yuzawa), a rural area in Akita Prefecture. He moved to Tokyo and earned a Bachelor of Laws from Hosei University in 1973. He worked in a cardboard factory in Tokyo to pay his tuition.

He was the Chief Cabinet Secretary from December 2012 to September 2020 during the Shinzo Abe cabinet.

He represented the Kanagawa 2nd district in the House of Representatives, first elected in 1996. He was Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications in the cabinet of Shinzo Abe from September 2006 to August 2007.

He is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party.

In August 2020, Suga announced his candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership election to replace Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who resigned. Suga easily won the election. He became the Prime Minister of Japan on 16 September 2020.

When Suga began his time in office he was popular, but his approval ratings quickly fell because the public did not like his leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic and management of the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics. By the end of Suga's premiership he was recording some of the lowest approval ratings in Japanese history. He was not doing well in polling numbers of the 2021 LDP leadership election and upcoming 2021 general election.

Suga announced on 3 September 2021 that he would not seek reelection as President of the LDP, ending his term as Prime Minister after just one year. He left office on 4 October and was replaced by Fumio Kishida.

Suga is married and has three sons. His wife, Mariko, is the sister of one of his former co-workers in the office of Hikosaburo Okonogi.


Black-footed ferret

The black-footed ferret ("Mustela nigripes"), is a type of weasel. It is also called the American polecat or prairie dog hunter. It is native to central North America. It is an endangered species.

The black-footed ferret has a long, slender body with black lines on the feet, ears, parts of the face and its tail. The neck is long and the legs short. The toes have sharp claws. The top and bottom of the feet are covered with hair, even to the soles. The fur on its feet hides the claws.

Males are 500–533 millimetres (19.7–21.0 in) long. Females are usually 10% smaller than males. It weighs 650–1,400 grams (1.43–3.09 lb).

Before, the black-footed ferret's range was from southern Alberta and southern Saskatchewan south to Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. In 2007, the only known wild black-footed ferret population was found in the western Bighorn Basin near Meeteetse, Wyoming. Since 1990, black-footed ferrets have been reintroduced into the following places: Shirley Basin, Wyoming; UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge and Fort Belknap Indian Reservation, Montana; Conata Basin/Badlands, Buffalo Gap National Grassland, and the Cheyenne River Sioux Reservation in South Dakota; Aubrey Valley, Arizona; Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge and Wolf Creek in Colorado; Coyote Basin, and Grasslands National Park, Canada.

Before, the black-footed ferret lived in lots of habitats prairies with short grass, prairies with different types of grasses, desert grassland, shrub steppe, sagebrush steppe, mountain grassland, and semi-arid grassland. Black-footed ferrets use the burrows of prairie dog to raise their young ones, stay away from predators, and to keep themselves warm.

2020 Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election

The 2020 Liberal Democratic Party of Japan leadership election was held on 14 September 2020 to elect the next president of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan. This happened three days before the National Diet held a session to elect the new Prime Minister.

Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga easily won the election. As the Liberal Democratic Party currently controls a majority in the National Diet as a member of the governing coalition, Suga is also expected to succeed Abe as Japan's prime minister.

It was supposed to be held in September 2021, however incumbent party president and the longest-serving Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, suddenly resigned on 28 August 2020, because of health reasons. 

The winner of the race will fill in for the remainder of Abe's term as president. As the Liberal Democratic Party currently controls a majority in the National Diet, the winner of the race will also replace Abe as Japan's prime minister.


Veronica Schiavon

Veronica Schiavon (born 24 July 1982) is an Italian rugby union player. She played for the Italian national team 82 times, between 2001 and 2017, with 383 points (an international record for Italy).

Her mother, Monica, Palla was a player in Treviso, and had 9 appearances for the Italian national team, and her sister Valentina plays scrum half, her club and national teammate. She played for the Benetton Treviso youth team. At 16, she moved to Mira.

She played at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup in Spain where the team finished twelfth; 2007 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2009 FIRA Women's European Trophy, 2010 FIRA Women's European Trophy, 2009 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2011 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2014 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2015 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2016 Women's Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.


Diner

A diner is a small restaurant in the United States, which is run for 24 hours per day.

Murder of Kitty Genovese

On March 13, 1964, 28-year-old Kitty Genovese was mugged and stabbed to death outside her apartment building on Austin Street, in the Kew Gardens neighborhood of Queens in New York City, United States. 

Two weeks after the murder, "The New York Times" published an article claiming that 38 witnesses saw or heard the attack, and that none of them called the police or came to her aid, apart from her neighbour Sophia Farrar.

The incident was the bystander effect or "Genovese syndrome," and the murder became a well known example of U.S. psychology textbooks. Genovese syndrome is when witnesses to a crime to not report a crime because they are scared and they believe that others will report it instead which in the end they do not and the crime goes unreported. 

However, this is not really what happened. Police interviews showed that the other people nearby either attempted to call the police or were afraid to be involved. This was before calling 911 was easy to do in the United States. Because Genovese was killed late at night, many of the people nearby were asleep. Some of the people who saw the attack also saw Genovese get up and walk away, so they did not think she had been badly hurt.

Winston Moseley, a 29-year-old man from Manhattan, was arrested during a house burglary six days after the murder. While in custody, he confessed to killing Genovese. At his trial, Moseley was found guilty. He died in prison on March 28, 2016.

Clyde H. Hamilton

Clyde Henry Hamilton (February 8, 1934 – September 2, 2020) was an American politician, lawyer and judge. He was the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit between 1991 until his death. He was also the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina between 1981 and 1991.

Hamilton was nominated to the South Caroline District Court by President Ronald Reagan. He was nominated to the Fourth Circuit Court by President George H. W. Bush.

Hamilton was born in Edgefield, South Carolina. He studied at Wofford College and at George Washington University. Hamilton died on September 2, 2020 at the age of 86.

Michael J. Cleary

Michael J. Cleary (1 September 1925 – 3 September 2020) was an Irish-born Gambian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Roman Catholic Bishop Emeritus of the Diocese of Banjul in Gambia. He was born in Brickens, County Mayo, Ireland. 

Cleary was made a priest on 29 June 1952. On 24 January 1981, he was made Bishop of the Diocese of Banjul. Cleary retired on 25 February 2006.

Cleary died on 3 September 2020, aged 95.

Igor Maslennikov

Igor Fyodorovich Maslennikov (; 26 October 1931 – 17 September 2022) was a Soviet and Russian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Nizhny Novgorod, Soviet Union. 

His career lasted between 1967 to 2002. He directed the movies "Under en steinhimmel", "Winter Cherry", "The Queen of Spades" and "Tomorrow, on April 3rd...".

In 2001 he was a member of the jury at the 23rd Moscow International Film Festival.

Cancer bush

Cancer bush is an endemic plant of South Africa also known as Sutherlandia frutescens (balloon pea). It is a Fabaceous bush with bright red flowers and globose legumes. As an herbal plant is a panacea, especially among Nam, Khoi and San Peoples in stomach problems, diabetes and so on (adaptogen). As an array of biodynamic molecules represent a challenge for quality control; whereas flavonoids appear most replicable contents.

NGC 5114

NGC 5114 is a lenticular galaxy in the Centaurus constellation. It is located about 170 million light-years away. It was discovered by astronomer John Herschel.

Lans, Austria

Lans is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Leutasch

Leutasch is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Matrei am Brenner

Matrei am Brenner is a market town of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mieders

Mieders is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mils

Mils is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mühlbachl

Mühlbachl is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mutters

Mutters is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Natters

Natters is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Navis

Navis is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Neustift im Stubaital

Neustift im Stubaital is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is the third largest municipality in Tyrol by area.

Geryon

Geryon is a fictional character from the Percy Jackson & the Olympians books. He appears in The Battle of the Labyrinth and the House of Hades. Geryon has three torsos and was killed by Percy Jackson with an arrow.

Oberhofen im Inntal

Oberhofen im Inntal is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Obernberg am Brenner

Obernberg am Brenner is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oberperfuss

Oberperfuss is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Patsch

Patsch is a municipality in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pettnau

Pettnau is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pfaffenhofen, Tyrol

Pfaffenhofen is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pfons

Pfons is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Polling in Tirol

Polling in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It was first mentioned as "Pollinga" in 763.

Lara (state)

Lara is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Barquisimeto.

Lienz

Lienz is a town in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is the capital of the district of Lienz.

Ranggen

Ranggen is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Reith bei Seefeld

Reith bei Seefeld is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Rinn

Rinn is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It was first mentioned as "Runne" in 1250.

Rum, Tyrol

Rum is a market town in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Sigmund im Sellrain

Sankt Sigmund im Sellrain is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Shock Treatment

Shock Treatment is a 1981 American musical comedy movie directed by Jim Sharman and starring Jessica Harper, Cliff De Young, Richard O'Brien, Patricia Quinn, Nell Campbell, Ruby Wax, Rik Mayall, Charles Gray, Barry Humphries. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Scharnitz

Scharnitz is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Arcadia, California

Arcadia is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Silvia Gaudino

Silvia Gaudino (born 14 December 1981) is an Italian rugby player. She plays third centre line at Monza.

She is a member of the Italy women's national rugby union team. She participated at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2005 FIRA Women's European Championship, 2013 Six Nations Championship, 2015 Six Nations Championship, and 2017 Women's Rugby World Cup.

Hasna Rhamouni

Hasna Rhamouni (born 23 April 1979) is a French rugby player. She played for the French Women's national rugby team, at the 2009 Six Nations Championship, 2010 Six Nations Championship, and the 2010 Women's Rugby World Cup.

Aitziber Porras

Aitziber Porras Conde (born 9 May 1978 Vitoria) is a Spanish rugby player. She is a member of the Spanish Women's Rugby team with 39 international caps. She played for Gaztedi Rugby Taldea.

She participated at the 2003 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2004 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2005 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2006 Women's Six Nations Championship, 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2006 Women's Rugby World Cup.

She participated at the 2009 FIRA Women's European Trophy.

Holy Roller

Holy Roller is a term that was created in the 19th century. Some types of Protestant Christians who dance, shake, or roll on the floor during church services can be called Holy Rollers. People who do this say that the Holy Spirit makes them. Sometimes, the term 'Holy Roller' is used as an insult. However, Holy Rollers also use the term as a badge of honor, and it can also be used as a neutral term.

Giuliana Campanella

Giuliana Campanella (born 4 November 1976 in Messina) is an Italian rugby union player, rugby coach, and sports manager. She played in 59 international matches and at two editions of the World Cup.

In April 1997, she made his international debut in Nice during the European championship in a victory against Ireland. She participated at the 1998 women's rugby world cup, and 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup.

At the club level, she played for Messina, and Colleferro Red & Blu.

She was women's team manager for the Italian national team, beginning with the 2014 Six Nations championship.

Olatz Fernández

Olatz Fernández de Arroyabe (born 18 March 1970) is a Spanish rugby union player. She played the position of third wing line (n ° 6 or 7) for the club of Getxo RT, and for the Spain national rugby team.

In 2004, she was part of the team that toured South Africa. She played at the 1998 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2006 Women's Rugby World Cup. She participated in the Six Nations Women's Tournament.

List of flags of French Indochina

The following is a list of flags of French Indochina from 17 October 1887 to 9 March 1945.










Warner Bros. Television Studios

Warner Bros. Television Studios (operating under the name Warner Bros. Television; formerly known as Warner Bros. Television Division and Warner Bros. Television Productions) is an American television production and distribution studio of the Warner Bros. Television Group division of Warner Bros. (both ultimately owned by Warner Bros. Discovery). Alongside Paramount Global's television arm CBS Studios, it serves as a television production arm of The CW (in which Warner Bros. Discovery has a 50% ownership stake), DC Comics and distribution arm of HBO, it also has produced shows for other networks, such as "Blindspot" on NBC, "The Mentalist" on CBS and "The Cleaning Lady" on Fox as well as produced shows for other streaming services such as Netflix and Apple TV+.

As of 2015, it is one of the world's two largest television production companies measured by revenue and library (along with Sony Pictures Television).

Yacht Club Games

Yacht Club Games, LLC is an American indie game developer founded in 2011. It was responsible for making "Shovel Knight" and the "Azure Striker Gunvolt" games. Right now, it is in the middle of making the game "Cyber Shadow".

Mom (TV series)

Mom is an American television show. It began on CBS on September 23, 2013. It ended on May 13, 2021.

The show is set around Brooklyn, New York. It looks at a dysfunctional mother and daughter duo, Christy and Bonnie Plunkett. They have had alcoholism addiction problems. They try to pull their lives together by attending Alcoholics Anonymous.

Anna Faris and Allison Janney play the leading roles in the show. Also acting in the show are Kristen Johnston, Mimi Kennedy and Jaime Pressly.

For her role, Janney has won two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015. She was also nominated in 2016.

"Mom" has also gotten nominations at the Critics' Choice Television Awards and People's Choice Awards in its run.

"Mom" has constantly gotten high ratings in its genre. The average viewership is 11.79 million. That makes it the third-highest rated comedy under broadcast television in the United States.

On September 4, 2020, Faris was leaving the show after seven seasons.

Alcoholics Anonymous

Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) is an international mutual aid fellowship. Its purpose is to help alcoholics quit drinking and help people stay sober. AA gives men and women a place to come together and share their experiences, recover from alcoholism and maintain sobriety. Its concept revolves around that premise that alcoholism is an illness that can be managed, but not controlled.

AA was founded by Bill Wilson and his physician, Doctor Bob Smith in 1935 and eventually grew to include two more groups by 1939. That same year, Wilson published Alcoholics Anonymous, a text which explained its philosophy and methods. We know it today as the 12 Steps of recovery. Over the years, the 12 Steps have been adapted by other self-help and addiction recovery groups, such as Gamblers Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous, to those struggling with other forms of addiction. Additionally, many groups have changed the explicitly Christian overtones of the original 12 Steps to reflect more secular or agnostic philosophies.

Schmirn

Schmirn is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Schönberg im Stubaital

Schönberg im Stubaital is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Seefeld in Tirol

Seefeld in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Prime Minister of the Cook Islands

The Prime Minister of the Cook Islands is the head of government of the Cook Islands, a self-governing territory in free association with New Zealand.

The office was created in 1965, when self-government was first granted to the islands. 


Sellrain

Sellrain is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sistrans

Sistrans is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Henry Puna

Henry Tuakeu Puna (born 29 July 1949) is a Cook Islands politician. He has been the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands since November 2010. He is the leader of the Cook Islands Party.

Puna was elected to the Parliament of the Cook Islands at the 2005 Manihiki by-election. He lost his seat at the 2006 election, but regained it in the CIP victory at the 2010 election.

In June 2020, Puna announced his intention to retire as Prime Minister in September in order to become Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum.

Joe Williams (Cook Islands politician)

Joseph Williams (4 October 1934 – 4 September 2020) was a Cook Islands politician and medical doctor. He was Prime Minister of the Cook Islands for four months in 1999.

In August 2020, Williams was hospitalised in Auckland after testing positive for COVID-19. He died on 4 September 2020 from the infection, aged 85.

Parliament of the Cook Islands

The Parliament of the Cook Islands is the legislature of the Cook Islands. It was created under New Zealand’s United Nations which made it became the national legislature on independence in 1965.

The Parliament is made up of 24 members directly elected by universal suffrage from single-seat constituencies. Members are elected for a limited term, and hold office until Parliament is dissolved (a maximum of four years). It meets in Avarua, the capital of the Cook Islands, on Rarotonga.

The Speaker of the House is currently Niki Rattle. The Deputy Speaker is Rose Toki-Brown.

Steinach am Brenner

Steinach am Brenner is a market town in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is in the Wipptal. In 2020, 3,646 people lived there.

Dmitry Svetushkin

Dmitry Svetushkin (; ; 25 July 1980 – 4 September 2020) was a Moldovan chess player. He was awarded the title Grandmaster by FIDE in 2002.

He won the Moldovan Chess Championship in 2000. He tied for first with Johan Hellsten and Marcin Szymanski in the Ikaros Chess Festival 2003.

Svetushkin died on 4 September 2020, aged 40.

Peter Cronjé

Peter Arnold Cronjé (21 September 1949 – 4 September 2020) was a South African rugby union player. He was born in Johannesburg. From 1971 to 1974, he played for the national rugby team. From 1970 to 1976, he played for the Golden Lions.

Cronjé died on 4 September 2020, aged 70.

Ajibade Babalade

Ajibade Kunde Babalade (29 March 1972 – 4 September 2020) was a Nigerian footballer. He played as a defender. He was Team Chef of Shooting Stars FC. From 1990 to 1998, he played for the national team. 

In October 2008, he was named as manager of the Shooting Stars F.C..

Babalade died on 4 September 2020, aged 48.

High Infidelity

High Infidelity is a 1964 Italian French comedy movie directed by Mario Monicelli, Elio Petri, Franco Rossi, Luciano Salce and starring Nino Manfredi, Fulvia Franco, John Phillip Law, Charles Aznavour, Claire Bloom, Jean-Pierre Cassel.

David Evans (RAAF officer)

Air Marshal Selwyn David Evans AC, DSO, AFC (3 June 1925 – 2 September 2020) was a senior commander of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), and a writer. He was Chief of the Air Staff from 1982 until 1985. He was born in Paddington, New South Wales.

Evans died on 2 September 2020 in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory at the age of 95.

Maria Celeste Nardini

Maria Celeste Nardini (28 September 1942 – 2 September 2020) was an Italian Communist Refoundation Party politician. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1994 to 2006. Between 2006 to 2008, she was a member of the Senate. Nardini was born in Bari, Italy.

Nardini died on 2 September 2020 in Bari, aged 77.

Shovel Knight

Shovel Knight is an indie 2D platform game made by Yacht Club Games in 2014. The money needed to make the game came from Kickstarter. It first came out on the Wii U, Nintendo 3DS, and Microsoft Windows. It later came out on PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, OS X, and Linux. The game's gameplay and looks are based on other 2D platformers from the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).

The game has received many good reviews, has won many awards, and often shows up on best video games of all time lists. The game is even responsible for expanding the indie game market for Nintendo consoles. Before "Shovel Knight", Nintendo mostly released first-party and mainstream video games on its own consoles, but since the Wii U was struggling to sell, it allowed Nintendo to be more open to playing indie games on their own consoles. "Shovel Knight"'s success on Nintendo's consoles them more popular to make indie games for.

The game later added four more campaigns, or separate stories and/or game modes within the game, which are "Plague of Shadows", "Specter of Torment", "King of Cards", and "Shovel Knight: Showdown". These all were sold together as "Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove." The first campaign was later renamed "Shovel of Hope".

The player plays as Shovel Knight, a knight who carries a shovel rather than a normal weapon like a sword or a spear. The player will use the shovel for fighting enemies, jumping on platforms, and digging up treasure and secrets. There is no game over if the player dies in a level, but they will return to the last checkpoint they turned on and lose about one-fourth of all the Gold they have, the game's currency. Like in "Dark Souls", the player will have one life to take back the Gold they lost, but if they die before taking back their lost Gold, the lost Gold will disappear forever. The player can destroy checkpoints to get more Gold, but in turn, the player will have to start at an earlier part of the level if they die. At the end of the main levels, the player will have to fight a boss, usually an enemy knight, to complete the level.

Gold is used to make the player's armor and shovel better, buy more health or magic, or buy Relics (useful items that use magic). Most of the main levels (the levels that have an level-end boss and are needed to complete the story) have a Relic hidden in the level that the player can buy. Relics can help with platforming, protect the player, or help the player fight enemies.

The game has a game world similar to that of "Super Mario Bros. 3" where the player can play some levels in an order they want, but must complete certain levels before they can unlock more parts of the game world. Also like "SMB3", there are some bosses called the Wandering Knights who can walk around the game world, and they will start a boss fight if you walk into them. There are main levels, levels that teach the player how to use a Relic, and towns similar to those in "" and "". In towns, the player can shop for upgrades and Relics, and talk to villagers for tips on how to play the game.

The game's story begins with Shovel Knight and Shield Knight, who is Shovel Knight's partner and love interest. When they went to the Tower of Fate to take a magical amulet, Shield Knight disappears. Afterwards, Shovel Knight mourns the loss of Shield Knight and retires from being a knight. This leaves the land defenseless and allows an evil sorceress called the Enchantress and a group of evil knights called the Order of No Quarter to take over the land. Shovel Knight then comes out of retirement to defeat the Enchantress and the Order and save the land.

After every knight of the Order Shovel Knight defeats, he sleeps by a campfire. Sometimes, he dreams of catching Shield Knight falling from the sky while fighting off enemies. 

As Shovel Knight travels the land to defeat the Order, he sometimes meets and fights his rival, Black Knight. Black Knight is not part of the Order, but he wants to protect the Enchantress, who Shovel Knight later discovers to be Shield Knight. She became the Enchantress because she was being controlled by the evil amulet from the Tower of Fate.

During Shovel Knight's fight with the Enchantress, Shield Knight is set free from the amulet's control, but the amulet takes on a stronger form. Shield Knight then helps Shovel Knight fight the amulet. However, the amulet hurts Shovel Knight badly and Shovel Knight passes out. Before the amulet could kill Shovel Knight, Shield Knight blocks its attack with her shield. Black Knight then shows up and warns Shield Knight to escape, but she tells him she must destroy the amulet even if she must die doing it. Shield Knight requests Black Knight to take safely Shovel Knight out of the tower. Black Knight does not want to save Shovel Knight, but he obeys Shield Knight because of his own love for her. As the tower is falling down, Black Knight places Shovel Knight by a campfire. As Shovel Knight is sleeping, the cutscene that Shield Knight survives the fight with the amulet. The game ends with a hurt Shield Knight slowly walking towards the campfire and lying next to a sleeping Shovel Knight.

Uli Stein (artist)

Ulrich Steinfurth (26 December 1946 – 28 August 2020), better known as Uli Stein, was a German cartoonist. He was born in Hanover, Lower Saxony. Stein's cartoons mainly focus on day-to-day-situations, often with anthropomorphic mice, cats, dogs, penguins and pigs. By 2008, Stein had sold more than 90 million postcards and 9 million books in Germany alone.

Stein died on 28 August 2020 in Hanover, aged 73.


Haldun Boysan

Haldun Boysan (6 July 1958 – 31 August 2020) was a Turkish actor. He was born in Ankara. He was known for his roles as Kamil in "On Board" (1998), Fethi in "Robbery Alla Turca" (2005) and as Vasfi in "The Jackal" (2010).

Boysan died on 31 August 2020 from a heart attack in Nevşehir, Turkey at the age of 62.

Retronym

A retronym is a new name for something that already exists. This is so that people can tell the older thing apart from the newer one.

For example, the name "acoustic guitar" was made to tell them apart from electric guitars. Before electric guitars, acoustic guitars were just called guitars because there were no other kinds of guitars. Therefore, the name "acoustic guitar" is a retronym for the word guitar.

In pop culture, the 1977 movie "" was renamed "" in 1981, one year after the sequel "" came out.

Karel Knesl

Karel Knesl (8 April 1942 – 3 September 2020) was a Czech football player. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal. He was born in Pustiměř, Czech Republic. In 1966, he played for the national team.

Knesl died in Prague on 3 September 2020, at the age of 78.

Telfes

Telfes is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is in the Stubaital 11 km south of Innsbruck.

Telfs

Telfs is a market town in the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Jean-François Poron

Jean-François Poron (6 May 1936 – 3 September 2020) was a French actor and director. Poron was born in Paris. He was known for his roles as the Spectator in "The Air of Paris" (1954), as Jakez in "A Captain's Honor" (1982) and as Duke Philip in "Catherine" (1986).

Poron died on 3 September 2020, aged 84.

Thaur

Thaur is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Trins

Trins is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

The Snake Pit

The Snake Pit is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Anatole Litvak and was based on the 1946 novel of the same name by Mary Jane Ward. It stars Olivia de Havilland, Mark Stevens, Leo Genn, Lee Patrick, Celeste Holm, Beulah Bondi, Frank Conroy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 6 Academy Awards and won an Oscar in 1949.


Tulfes

Tulfes is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Unterperfuss

Unterperfuss is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vals, Austria

Vals is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Volders

Volders is a municipality of the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The main sights of Volders are: the castles Friedberg and Aschach and the church of Saint Carl.

Völs, Austria

Völs is a market town in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wattenberg

Wattenberg is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wattens

Wattens is a market town in the Innsbruck-Land District in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is the home of the crystal glass company Swarovski.

Wildermieming

Wildermieming is a municipality of the district Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zirl

Zirl is a market town in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fieberbrunn

Fieberbrunn is a market town in the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hopfgarten im Brixental

Hopfgarten im Brixental is a market town in the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vanishing Point (1971 movie)

Vanishing Point is a 1971 American action movie directed by Richard C. Sarafian and starring Barry Newman, Cleavon Little, Dean Jagger, Karl Swenson, Lee Weaver, Charlotte Rampling, Gilda Texter, John Amos, Rita Coolidge, Robert Donner, Paul Koslo, Owen Bush. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


St. Johann in Tirol

St. Johann in Tirol is a market town in the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Aurach bei Kitzbühel

Aurach bei Kitzbühel is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Brixen im Thale

Brixen im Thale is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Going am Wilden Kaiser

Going am Wilden Kaiser is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Monagas

Monagas is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Maturín.

Federal Dependencies of Venezuela

The Federal Dependencies of Venezuela () is a dependent territory in Venezuela, in the Caribbean Sea. It has 600 islands.

Crack in the Mirror

Crack in the Mirror is a 1960 American romantic drama movie directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Orson Welles, Juliette Gréco, Bradford Dillman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Nueva Esparta

Nueva Esparta is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is La Asunción.

Portuguesa (state)

Portuguesa is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Guanare.

Plant reproduction

Plant reproduction is the production of new plants. It can be done by sexual or asexual reproduction. 

Sexual reproduction results in offspring with genetics from both parents. Asexual reproduction produces new individuals genetically identical to the parent plants, except when mutations occur. Plants can do asexual reproduction in many more ways than animals. These are some of the ways:

Plants have ways they may get clones of the parent plant. Any piece of a plant "may" be used to grow a whole plant. This is called vegetative reproduction. 

These are all natural methods of vegetative reproduction. Also there are many ways in which humans can get copies (clones) of a plant, mainly by taking "cuttings" and using grafting.


Paz Estevan de Heriz

Paz Estevan de Heriz (born 15 September 1970) is a Spanish rugby player. She was a member of the Spanish national team for 42 matches. She won a gold medal at the 1995 European Championships.  She also participated in the 1998 Women's Rugby World Cup, and 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup, and in the Six Nations Tournament.

She trained at CE INEF Barcelona. She made her debut in the top league in 1990.

From 1995, she played for RC l'Hospitalet , where she won two Spanish Championships. From 2000 to 2005, she played for the EU Santboiana.

She was awarded the 2000 bronze medal of the Spanish Rugby Federation.

Witness (1985 movie)

Witness is a 1985 American Dutch romantic crime drama movie directed by Peter Weir and starring Harrison Ford, Kelly McGillis, Lukas Haas, Jan Rubeš, Josef Sommer, Danny Glover, Angus MacInnes, Viggo Mortensen, Robert Earl Jones. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 8 Academy Awards and won 2 Oscars in 1986.

Inés Etxegibel

Inés Etxegibel Alberdi (born 7 January 1974) is a Spanish rugby player and coach. She played for the Spanish Women's National Team. She played the most games for the Spanish National Team, along with Aroa González and Rocío García.

Inés Etxegibel was a student at the ikastola Kurutziaga, and continued her studies at the Durango Institute. He studied at the INEF at the University of Barcelona .

From the 1989 to 1996, she played on the Durango rugby team (DRT) . From 1996 to 2002 she played for the L'Hospitalet Rugby Club. She played at the 1998 Women's Rugby World Cup, 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup. From 2003 to 2007, in addition to being a player, she was a coach at INEF Barcelona. In 2005, they won the Queen's Cup.

In 2009 she debuted as a Spanish coach in a match against Germany. In May 2011, she resigned as coach, in protest. In 2012 she returned as coach. 

Tadzio Müller

Tadzio Müller (born 1976) is a German climate and LGBT activist; and political scientist. He worked as a speaker on climate justice and international politics at the Center for International Dialogue and Cooperation of the Rosa Luxemburg Foundation until 2021.

Müller first studied history and political science at the Ruprecht-Karls University in Heidelberg in 1996. From 1998 to 2000 he studied political science at the University of Massachusetts, Boston, and then from 2001 to 2002 Global Political Economy at the University of Sussex. In 2007, he received his doctorate in international relations and politics from the University of Sussex. He was a lecturer at the University of Kassel .

Müller was involved in protests critical of globalization. He has been active in the environmental and climate movement since the 2000s. During his doctoral studies he participated in climate camps in England, and helped to establish them in Germany. From autumn 2007, he was one of the organizers of the first German climate camp in Hamburg and was its spokesman.

Around 2010, he was in the protests against the transport of nuclear waste in Germany, and was one of the organizers of the “Castor? Gravel!". He was spokesman for Climate Justice Action in protests against the 2009 United Nations Climate Change Conference, in Copenhagen, and was arrested. 

Tadzio Müller is HIV positive and works publicly against discrimination against people living with HIV. Since 2019, he has been campaigning for solidarity between the LGBT movement and the climate movement. 

He warned of the similarities between the early media coverage of HIV / AIDS as a 'gay plague' during recent descriptions of monkeypox. 

Lloyd Cadena

Lloyd Cafe Cadena (22 September 1993 – 4 September 2020) was a Filipino YouTuber, radio personality, and author.

Alongside being a YouTuber, he also worked as a radio DJ on 93.9 iFM hosting a program called "Gabi Ng Hanash" (Night of Hanash) in 2014.

Cadena later moved to 90.7 Love Radio in 2017, hosting "KarLloyd" alongside fellow vlogger and DJ Kara Karinyosa.

Cadena died on September 4, 2020 at the at age 26 from cardiac arrest caused by COVID-19. His death came two weeks before his 27th birthday.

Godzilla 1985

Godzilla 1985 is a 1985 Japanese-American sci-fi-action kaiju film directed by R. J. Kizer and Koji Hashimoto, as a alternate sequel of the re-edit version called "Godzilla, King of The Monsters" in 1956, starring Raymond Burr as Steve Martin reprise his role in his final film.

in 1985, a Japanese fishing boat called "Yahata Maru" by a freak storm coming out by a volcano erupting somewhere in the night. a sea louse killed one of those crew and stabbed the louse. Godzilla attacking by a Russian Submarine by some sailors surrounded by the monster.
Godzilla wrecked the whole nuclear power plant and tries to sips the radiation, then by a birds surround communicating Godzilla follow it.
claiming uses of ultra sonic-image of Godzilla was responsible to destroy the nuclear power plant middle of the night probably stated Godzilla is a giant 80-meter dinosaur that communicates the birds appealing into the Mt. Mihara. then in Tokyo Bay, Godzilla berserks through Tokyo. Super X follows through JSDF and target Godzilla surrounds the city. they using a bird device that connects Godzilla stalks the buildings and slammed his tail. Super X shoots Godzilla onto the mouth with cadium missles and subdue the creature. US Army launching the missle to shoot the Russian missle onto the space and explosion overly the atmosphere. a storm tries to resurrect Godzilla, then Super X shoots Godzilla again. Godzilla pushes the Sumitomo building passes and Super X crashes the building crushed. and finally a sonar follows Godzilla onto the Mihara, suddenly erupted and explodes the volcano and suicidally felled Godzilla down.


 

Ralph Wiggum

'"Ralph'" Wiggum (born Feruary 10, 1982) is a fictional character on the animated television series the Simpsons.

Mercedes-Benz G-Class

The Mercedes-Benz G-Class is a mid-size luxury SUV produced by Mercedes-Benz.

The Russian Triangle

The Russian Triangle ( "Rusuli samkudhedi"; ) is a 2007 Georgian thriller movie directed by Aleko Tsabadze and stars Konstantin Khabensky, Artyom Tkachenko, Pyotr Mironov, Mikhaïl Jonine.

Skagerrak (movie)

Skagerrak is a 2003 Danish drama movie directed by Søren Kragh-Jacobsen and starring Iben Hjejle, Bronagh Gallagher, Martin Henderson, Ewen Bremner, Gary Lewis, Simon McBurney, Helen Baxendale, James Cosmo.

The Island on Bird Street (movie)

The Island on Bird Street () is a 1997 Danish World War II drama movie directed by Søren Kragh-Jacobsen and stars Jordan Kiziuk, Patrick Bergin, Jack Warden, Stefan Sauk, Simon Gregor, James Bolam, Sian Nicola Liquorish, Suzanna Hamilton.


Ancient monument

The term ancient monument is a term in British law.
It is an early historical structure or monument. For example. it may be an archaeological site worth preserving and study. The sites (monuments) are of archaeological or heritage interest. 

The term differs from the American term "national monument". The U.S. National Monuments are few in number and may include natural formations. British ancient monuments are by definition manmade.

Ancient monuments are defined by the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 as



TV Parental Guidelines

The TV parental guidelines are a television content rating system in the United States. They were proposed on December 19, 1996 by the United States Congress, the television industry and Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The ratings went in effect on January 1, 1997 on most broadcast and cable television networks. This was due to public concern of explicit sex, graphic violence and profanity in television programs. The ratings are a voluntary system.

The ratings are usually applied to most television series, TV movies and edited basic cable versions of theatrical movies. Pay television, like HBO, Showtime and Cinemax also assign the TV parental guideline ratings on movies. Most of these movies are not rated by Motion Picture Association of America or unrated versions of certain movies that may be rated.

The ratings are designed to be used with the V-chip. The V-chip is in televisions which are made in and after 2000. The guidelines carry no legal forces. They're not used on news or sports shows.

V-chip

The V-chip is a technology. It is used in television set receivers in the United States, Canada and Brazil. It allows blocking of certain television programs or movies based under their category. Televisions manufactured since January 2000 are required to have the V-chip technology.

The V-chip is for content reasons, like sex, profanity and violence.

Sucre (state)

Sucre is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Cumaná.

Trujillo (state)

Trujillo is one of the 23 states of Venezuela. The state capital city is Trujillo.

Hải Dương province

Hải Dương is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hải Dương.

Hưng Yên province

Hưng Yên is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hưng Yên.

Hà Giang province

Hà Giang is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hà Giang.

Nam Định province

Nam Định is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Nam Định.

Historical Jesus

Historical Jesus is work about the life and teachings of Jesus by critical historical methods. This is in contrast to traditional Christian accounts of Jesus (the Christ of faith). It also considers the historical and cultural contexts in which Jesus lived.

Hochfilzen

Hochfilzen is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Itter

Itter is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Jochberg, Tyrol

Jochberg is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kirchberg in Tirol

Kirchberg in Tirol is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kirchdorf in Tirol

Kirchdorf in Tirol is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kössen

Kössen is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oberndorf in Tirol

Oberndorf in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Reith bei Kitzbühel

Reith bei Kitzbühel is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Jakob in Haus

Sankt Jakob in Haus is a municipality of the district Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Ulrich am Pillersee

Sankt Ulrich am Pillersee is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mansu Hill Grand Monument

The Mansu Hill Grand Monument is a group of monuments in Pyongyang, North Korea. There are 229 figures in total. The two central 66 ft tall figures represent Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-il.

Revealed in 1972, at first only Kim Il-Sung was present, Kim Jong-Il was added in 2012. 

Schwendt

Schwendt is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Waidring

Waidring is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Westendorf, Tyrol

Westendorf is a municipality of the district of Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Brixlegg

Brixlegg is a market town in the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kundl

Kundl is a market town in the Kufstein district in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Alpbach

Alpbach is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hanover County, Virginia

Hanover County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 109,979 people lived there. Its county seat is Hanover Courthouse.

Henry County, Virginia

Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 50,948 people lived there. Its county seat is Martinsville.

Rhome, Texas

Rhome is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Chico, Texas

Chico is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pietro Pinna

Pietro Pinna (5 January 1927 - 13 April 2016) was an Italian non-violence activist. He is considered the first person against military service in Italy.

He was born in Finale Ligure, from Sardinia. Pinna lived in Ferrara when, at the end of 1948, he was drafted. Becoming strongly anti-militarist after experiencing the horrors of the Second World War, and influenced by the thought of Aldo Capitini, he decided to refuse military service, going down in history as the first conscientious objector of Italy for political reasons.

After a trial for disobedience (art. 173 military criminal code of peace ) , he was sentenced to prison for a first time for ten months, and then for another eight. At the trial he was defended by the lawyer Bruno Segre, who became one of the most famous Italian defenders in the field of conscientious objection.

Thanks to the echo given by Capitini to his disobedience, the case took on international significance. Pinna received a telegram of support from the First Lady Wilson. The daughter of Leone Tolstoy, Tatiana Tolstoy Suhotin , wrote that she had "cried with joy reading what these brave young people are doing". In addition, twenty-three British parliamentarians, chaired by the Labor Reverend Reginald W. Sorensen, signed a letter addressed to Prime Minister Alcide De Gasperi to intercede on his behalf.

Pinna later became one of Capitini's closest collaborators, with whom he organized the first Perugia-Assisi March for Peace in 1961. He continued to work in the nonviolent movement throughout his life, becoming national secretary from 1968 to 1976. He was editor in chief of the magazine "Nonviolent Action" until his death.

He risked jail for his nonviolent actions. On 17 January 1973, former secretary of the Nonviolent Movement , following a posting against the celebration of the Armed Forces on 4 November ("Not a party but mourning"), he was arrested in Perugia and sentenced for direct contempt of the Armed Forces. Following the demonstrations that took place in his support in various cities, he was freed four weeks later at the request of clemency by the President of the Republic Giovanni Leone.

In April 1979 he was sentenced by the Court of Appeal of Trieste to an 8-month prison sentence for a roadblock, a sentence which was later pardoned.

He was among the organizers of the Catania-Comiso March (24 December 1982 - 3 January 1983) to protest against the installation of the US missile base, the first concrete action of nonviolent struggle against military installations in Italy.

In 2008 he was awarded the National Nonviolence Award.

In 2012 the Faculty of Law of the University of Pisa awarded him an honorary degree in Peace Sciences.

Pietro Pinna died on April 13, 2016 in Florence.

Fabiana Pierre-Louis

Fabiana Pierre-Louis is an associate justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court. She is the first Black woman on New Jersey's highest court. She is also the youngest person to be on the court. Before joining the court, Pierre Louis worked as attorney-in-charge of the U.S. Attorney's Trenton and Camden branches and as a partner at the law firm of Montgomery McCracken.

Pierre-Louis' family lived in Brooklyn before moving to Irvington, New Jersey. She is the daughter of Haitian American immigrants and speaks Haitian Creole fluently.

Pierre-Louis graduated from Union Catholic Regional High School in 1998. She earned a bachelor's degree from Rutgers University and a juris doctor from Rutgers Law School.

Pierre-Louis worked as a law clerk for New Jersey Supreme Court Justice John E. Wallace Jr.. Pierre-Louis worked for almost ten years as an Assistant United States Attorney in the office of United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey. She was also the attorney-in-charge of the U.S. Attorney's Trenton and Camden branches. After that, she became a partner at the law firm of Montgomery McCracken.

On June 5, 2020, New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy said he wanted to name Pierre-Louis to the New Jersey Supreme Court. She would replace Walter F. Timpone, who was almost at the state's retirement age for judges. On August 24, 2020, the New Jersey Senate's Judiciary Committee voted 11-0 to send her nomination to the full Senate, and on August 27, 2020, the Senate voted 39-0 to confirm her to the Court.

Pierre-Louis swore her oath of office on September 1, 2020. She is the first Black woman on the court. She is also the youngest judge ever on the court.

Pierre-Louis and her husband, Robert Reeves, have two sons. As of 2020, the family lives in Mount Laurel.

Adam Walker

Adam Walker (born 1 April 1969) is the leader of the British National Party. He was elected on 27 July 2015.

UK Parliament elections

Ryuk

Ryuk is a Shinigami (God of Death) in the "Death Note" franchise. The character has been created by the writer Tsugumi Ohba and the illustrator Takeshi Obata of Death Note manga series. It is Ryuk who starts the events of the manga and other adaptations. Ryuk was completely bored with his daily life and wanted something interesting to relieve his Boredom. So Ryuk throws one of his Death Notes into the human world. This Death Note is picked up by high school student Light Yagami.

Light Yagami decides to use this notebook to kill all the criminals in the world and become the king of a perfect new world. The whole series then revolves around the rivalry between Light and L Lawliet (world's best detective) in the first part of the manga.

Ryuk has a humanoid body. His eyes are big, round and yellow. His hairs are spanky and his teeth are pointed. His skin is greyish-blue and lips are blue-grey. Also, Ryuk wears rings in his fingers.

Ryuk is a selfish character who wouldn't do anything unless he has some benefit from it. Light Yagami knows this and that's why he often bribes Ryuk with apples (that Ryuk loves) to get something done. Further, Ryuk likes the apples of human world because the apples of his realm are withered. They taste like sand. Many times Ryuk is seen hiding something from Light.

Ryuk is shy of girls. It is clearly seen when Misa hugs Ryuk out of excitement when she regains her memories."Humans are so interesting". - RyukWhen Light Yagami begins to use Death Note to kill criminals, Ryuk visits him for the first time. Also, Ryuk tells him that no one in the past has ever used a death note like that. He also says that humans are very interesting.

Rattenberg, Tyrol

Rattenberg () is a town of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is on the Inn river.

Amina Maher

Amina Maher (born in 1992 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actor, director, and film editor. Her films have been shown at many international festivals. Her film was nominated for the Palm d'Or prize at Cannes.


Angath

Angath is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Angerberg

Angerberg is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Bad Häring

Bad Häring is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Brandenberg

Brandenberg is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Breitenbach am Inn

Breitenbach am Inn is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ellmau

Ellmau is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Erl

Erl is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kirchbichl

Kirchbichl is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kramsach

Kramsach is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Langkampfen

Langkampfen is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mariastein, Tyrol

Mariastein is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Münster, Tyrol

Münster is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Niederndorf

Niederndorf is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Niederndorferberg

Niederndorferberg is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Radfeld

Radfeld is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Reith im Alpbachtal

Reith im Alpbachtal is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Rettenschöss

Rettenschöss is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Scheffau am Wilden Kaiser

Scheffau am Wilden Kaiser is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oral hygiene

Oral hygiene is a practice of maintaining oral hygiene by regularly brushing the teeth and cleaning the mouth to prevent diseases and other problems (such as bad breath).

Salt can kill bacteria and fight against inflammation. Cleaning the mouth with salt is good to the teeth, gums, and mouth. Often use salt to clean the mouth can prevent and treat oral diseases.

Schwoich

Schwoich is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Söll

Söll is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Thiersee

Thiersee is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Walchsee

Walchsee is a municipality of the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wildschönau

Wildschönau is a municipality of the district Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Faggen

Faggen is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fiss

Fiss is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fiss, Fisser Höfe, Kreuz, Plazör, Schöngamp and Telfeshof.

Fließ

Fließ is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Flirsch

Flirsch is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Galtür

Galtür is a municipality and ski resort in the district of Kufstein in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Naima El Bezaz

Naima El Bezaz (3 March 1974 – 7 August 2020) was a Dutch writer of Moroccan origin. She also gave lectures and wrote stories, essays and columns.

In September 2006, her third and most controversial book appeared, "De verstotene", which talked about controversial content and criticism of religious dogmatism.

Bezaz died by suicide on 7 August 2020 in Alphen aan den Rijn, aged 46.


Gérard Worms

Gérard Worms (1 August 1936 – 31 August 2020) was a French banker and businessman. He was the Vice Chairman of Rothschild Europe and Senior Advisor of Rothschild & Cie Banque. He was born in Paris. 

He taught at the HEC Paris, the University of Paris and he was a alma mater, at the École Polytechnique. He was the Chairman of Rothschild & Cie Banque (Paris) from 1995 to 1999. He also was Chief Executive Officer of N M Rothschild & Sons.

Worms died on 31 August 2020, aged 84.

Highland County, Virginia

Highland County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 2,232 people lived there. Its county seat is Monterey.

Marian Jaworski

Marian Franciszek Jaworski (, 21 August 1926 – 5 September 2020) was a Ukrainian-born Polish Cardinal Priest. He was Archbishop of Lviv of the Latins in the Roman Catholic Church from 1991 until 2008. He was born in Lviv, Ukraine.

Jaworski died on 5 September 2020 in Krakow, aged 94.


Steve Merrill

Stephen Everett Merrill (June 21, 1946 – September 5, 2020) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was the 77th Governor of New Hampshire from 1993 to 1997. He was born in Norwich, Connecticut. Merrill was the Attorney General of New Hampshire from 1985 to 1989.

Merrill died on September 5, 2020 in Manchester, New Hampshire, aged 74.


Bill Pursell

William Whitney Pursell (June 9, 1926 – September 3, 2020) was an American composer and session pianist. He wrote the top ten hit "Our Winter Love". He was born in Oakland, California. 

His follow-up single "Loved" reached Billboard position 121. Pursell later recorded for Epic, Henry Stone's Alston, and Dot, but never hit the pop charts again.

He taught at Belmont University.

Pursell died of COVID-19 on September 3, 2020 in Nashville, Tennessee. He was 94 years old.

Pierre Sidos

Pierre Sidos (6 January, 1927 – September 4, 2020) was a French far right nationalist, neo-Pétainist, and antisemitic activist. He was of the main figures of post-WWII nationalism in France. Sidos was the founder and leader of the nationalist organizations Jeune Nation (1949–1958) and L'Œuvre Française (1968–2013). 

Sidos died in Bayeux hospital on 4 September 2020, aged 93.

David Gaines (basketball)

David "Smokey" Gaines (February 27, 1942 – September 5, 2020) was an American basketball player and coach. He played professionally for three games for the Kentucky Colonels. He also plated for the Harlem Globetrotters. He was head coach for the Detroit Mercy and San Diego State Aztecs.

Gaines died on September 5, 2020 from cancer, aged 78.

Gary Peacock

Gary Peacock (May 12, 1935 – September 4, 2020) was an American jazz double-bassist. He recorded a dozen albums under his own name/ He also performed and recorded with major jazz figures such as Albert Ayler, Paul Bley, and Bill Evans.

Peacock died at his home in Olivebridge, New York on September 4, 2020 at the age of 85.

Antoine Rufenacht

Antoine Rufenacht (11 May 1939 – 5 September 2020) was a French right-wing The Republicans politician. He was the Mayor of Le Havre between 23 June 1995 to 24 October 2010. He was replaced by future Prime Minister Édouard Philippe. He was born in Le Havre.

In 2007, he was seen as a possible Prime Minister pick for President Nicolas Sarkozy.

Rufenacht died on 5 September 2020, aged 81.

Yousef Wali

Yousef Wali (; 2 April 1930 – 5 September 2020) was an Egyptian politician. He was Minister of Agriculture and Land Reclamation from 1982 to 2004. He was also Deputy Prime Minister and Deputy Chairman of the ruling National Democratic Party (NDP). 

Wali died on 5 September 2020, aged 90.

Sergey Belyayev

Sergey Belyayev (Серге́й Беля́ев; 8 May 1960 – 6 September 2020) was a Kazakhstani shooter. He won two silver medals in 50 metre rifle at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He was born in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR.

Belyayev died on 6 September 2020 at the age of 60.


Kesavananda Bharati

Shri Kesavananda Bharati (9 December 1940 – 6 September 2020) was an Indian civil rights activist. He was the chief Pontiff of Jagadguru Sri Sankaracharya Thotakacharya Samsthanam, Edneer Mutt. 

He was the petitioner of a landmark case that helped create the basic structure doctrine of the Indian Constitution which allow that the fundamental or 'basic structure' of the Indian Constitution can not be altered by parliamentary amendment. 

Bharati died at a hospital in Mangalore on 6 September 2020 from cardiopulmonary arrest, aged 79.

Mexico City Santa Lucía Airport

Santa Lucía Air Force Base is a military airport in Santa Lucía, Zumpango, in the State of Mexico, Mexico.

In October 2019, it was proposed for the military airport to become a civilian airport.

Two runways and a new terminal are planned during the first phase, due to open by March 21, 2022 as ordered by president Andrés Manuel López Obrador. The airport will be operated by the Secretariat of National Defense (SEDENA) which will also receive all of the airport's earnings. 

The new airport will be renamed General Felipe Ángeles International Airport.

La Línea (tunnel)

La Línea () is a highway tunnel between the cities of Calarcá, Quindío and Cajamarca, Tolima in Colombia. It is in the central range of the Andes mountains. It is the longest road tunnel in Latin America, and in the Americas.

The total length of the tunnel is , its western entrance being at above msl, east of the city of Armenia and the eastern one at above msl, at west of Ibagué.

Constructions of the pilot tunnel started on 30 September 2004 and both sides of the pilot met on 2 August 2008. In September 2007 Ministry of Transport launched the tender process for the construction of tunnel and connecting roads.

The tunnel was finally opened on 4 September 2020, after 14 years of construction work, at a total cost of around 2.9 trillion pesos (US$870 million).

Neck pain

Neck pain is a common problem, and two thirds of people will experience neck pain at some point in their lifetimes. Although neck pain is felt in the neck, it can also be caused by many other spinal problems.

Neck pain may be caused by tight muscles in the neck and upper back or compression of the spinal nerves in the neck. Injuries to the joints of the neck and upper back can also cause pain.

Walter LaFeber

Walter Fredrick LaFeber (August 30, 1933 – March 9, 2021) was an American political writer, historian and commentator. He was the Andrew H. and James S. Tisch Distinguished University Professor Emeritus at Cornell University. He was born in Walkerton, Indiana.

He was one of the United States' most well known scholars of the history of U.S. foreign policy. His works focused on foreign policy during the Cold War and post-9/11.

LaFeber died at an assisted living facility in Ithaca, New York on March 9, 2021 at the age of 87.


Walkerton, Indiana

Walkerton is a town in St. Joseph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 2,096 at the 2020 Census. It is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka, IN-MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Nirvendra Kumar Mishra

Nirvendra Kumar Mishra, also known as Munna, (1944/1945 – 6 September 2020) is an Indian politician. He was a member of Samajwadi Party. He was a former Member of Legislative Assembly in 10th, 11th and 12th Vidhan Sabha of Uttar Pradesh from Nighasan constituency. He died on 6 September 2020 in Lakhimpur Kheri.

Grins

Grins is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kappl

Kappl is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kaunerberg

Kaunerberg is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Parliament of Georgia

The Parliament of the Republic of Georgia is the representative body of the Georgia, the only state legislative authority, being a unicameral. It is made up of 150 elected deputies on lists, for a period of 4 years. Parliament is elected by universal vote.


Trees of Pakistan

In Pakistan the more than 430 tree species are on 82 families and 226 genera. Out of these 22 species from 5 families and 11 genera belong to softwood trees of gymnosperms. The Himalayan Deodar Cedar is the “National Tree of Pakistan”. 

Below is a list of trees that symbolise Pakistan and each province and Federal territory of the country:

The National Tree of Pakistan is the "Himalayan Cedar" ("Cedrus deodara"), and also the "Mango tree" ("Mangifera indica") is the National Tropical Tree of Pakistan.

A project launched by former Prime Minister Imran Khan to plant 10 billion trees in Pakistan has dramatically transformed some areas of the country. 


Tuscan Grand Prix

The 2020 Tuscan Grand Prix (officially known as the Formula 1 Pirelli Gran Premio della Toscana Ferrari 1000 2020) was a Formula One motor race held on 13 September 2020 at the Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello in Scarperia e San Piero, Tuscany, Italy. The race was the ninth round of the 2020 Formula One World Championship and the first race of the season with spectators.

The race was won by Lewis Hamilton of the Mercedes team, with teammate Valtteri Bottas in second; Mercedes scored their third 1–2 finish of the season. Alexander Albon of Red Bull Racing-Honda scored his first podium in Formula One with a third-place finish, becoming the first Thai driver to do so.

The race was the first since the 2016 Brazilian Grand Prix to have two red flags. Due to the two stoppages, the race had three standing starts.

The race was held as an event celebrating Ferrari's 1000th race in the Formula One World Championship and the safety car used a red livery, instead of its usual silver colour, to mark the occasion. The Mugello Circuit hosted a World Championship Formula One race for the first time. The Ferrari SF1000 sported a special livery: instead of the traditional rosso corsa, the car was painted dark burgundy. Both Sebastian Vettel and Charles Leclerc wore special racing overalls, and both had special helmet designs.

The championship was heavily affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Most of the originally scheduled Grands Prix were cancelled or postponed, prompting the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile to draft a new calendar. While the previous eight events were held behind closed doors, organizers announced that up to 2,880 spectators would be allowed for the Tuscan Grand Prix.

Ten teams (each representing a different constructor) each entered two drivers. The drivers and teams were the same as those on the season entry list with no additional stand-in drivers for either the race or practice.

Sole Formula One tyre manufacturer Pirelli brought the C1, C2, and C3 compound tyres for teams to use in the race, the three hardest compounds available.


The race was marked by several incidents. On the first lap at turn 2, Max Verstappen, Pierre Gasly, Kimi Räikkönen, and Romain Grosjean collided, resulting in Gasly and Verstappen retiring from the race and Räikkönen having to change his front wing. Verstappen's car was beached in the gravel trap. A separate incident at the same corner involved Carlos Sainz Jr. and Lance Stroll, as Sainz spun round and damaged Sebastian Vettel's front wing. These incidents together brought out the safety car. On lap 6 the safety car pulled in, but an accordion effect led the midfield drivers to accelerate up to racing speed before the leaders did and were forced to brake, triggering a collision involving Sainz, Kevin Magnussen, Antonio Giovinazzi, and Nicholas Latifi. Grosjean blamed the leader, Valtteri Bottas, for causing the accordion effect, and stated "this is the worst thing I've seen ever." All four drivers retired from the race and the red flag was brought out. During the red flag period, Esteban Ocon retired due to a brake failure; George Russell had earlier reported Ocon's brakes being on fire. The second red flag came on lap 45, after Stroll suffered a tyre failure at lap 43 turn 9, and went into the barrier. His Racing Point RP20 caught on fire, making it harder for the marshalls to clear the track.

Lewis Hamilton won the race, his 90th career win. Valtteri Bottas came in second and Alex Albon finished third; his first career podium. By finishing in ninth place, Kimi Räikkönen scored his first points of the season. A poor restart after the second red flag meant George Russell slipped from ninth to 12th and last. He eventually finished 11th leaving him out of the points. Twelve drivers were warned by the FIA for their part in the accident at the restart on lap 6. Writing for the BBC, former GP2 Series champion Jolyon Palmer praised the circuit, saying that it "defied all the [Hermann] Tilke design theories and yet provided a great spectacle in the traditional sense."





Kaunertal

Kaunertal is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kauns

Kauns is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ladis

Ladis is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nauders

Nauders is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

English Americans

English Americans, or Anglo-Americans are Americans with one or more ancestors from England.

Remolinos

Remolinos is a municipality found in the province of Zaragoza in the autonomous community of Aragon in Spain.

Cerveruela

Cerveruela is a municipality found in the province of Zaragoza in the autonomous community of Aragon in Spain.

Pettneu am Arlberg

Pettneu am Arlberg is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pfunds

Pfunds is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The main source of income is tourism.

Pians

Pians is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Prutz

Prutz is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ried im Oberinntal

Ried im Oberinntal is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Schönwies

Schönwies is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

See, Austria

See is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sarah Baartman

Sarah Baartman (born around 1789, died 29th December 1815) was a Khoikoi woman from South Africa, who came to great fame in Europe. Her name is also spelled Bartman or Bartmann. She showed signs of Steatopygia; which means she had a lot of fat in her buttocks. Around 1810, she was brought to Europe. She was one of at least two Khoikoi women, who were shown at freak shows. In English she became known as Hottentot Venus. At the time, people believed there were different races of humans. Hottentot was the term used to refer to the Khoikoi people, as a race. Today, many consider it to be racist. 

From about 1810, Baartman performed for upper-class people in London. She danced, sang and played an instrument, called Ramkie. The Ramkie is a kind of lute with 3 or 4 chords that was popular in South Africa at the time. The African Institution, led by Zachary Macaulay offered to bring Sarah Baaerman back to South Africa, but she declined. It is unknown if she was put under pressure, or if she declined because in South Africa her people were persecuted (much like a modern-day genocide). She may also have liked the performances. There was a court hearing, done in Dutch; there she said that she wasn't forced to do anything. She also said that she had been promised half the earnings from her show. 

The court hearing had drawn too much attention, and she could no longer perform in London. Hendrick Caezar, her manager at the time, moved to the English countryside, with his "freak." Reverend Joshua Brooks baptized her on December 1, 1811, in a church in Manchester. In 1814. she came to Paris with another manager. There, mostly scientists were interested. She was presented to the audience, mostly of doctors and scientists, in the Jardin des Plantes, in Paris. Professional portraits were done. She died, presumably of pneumonia, on December 29, 1815. 

Georges Cuvier prepared her corpse: The skeleton, the brain, and her genitals were preserved. A gypsum plaster model was made of her body. All of these are preserved in what is the Musée de l'Homme in Paris, today.

Stephen Jay Gould and Élisabeth de Fontenay pointed out that these exhibitions were sexist, and focused on their own people ("ethnocenric"), in 1982. President Nelson Mandela asked that the remains of Sarah Baartman be given back to South Africa. At first, French academics refused. It was only in 2002, that her remains were given back. There was a large funeral in "Hankey" at the River Gamtoos in the area of "Baviaanskloof", on 9. August 2002. Thabo Mbeki, who was the president of South Africa at the time, gave the funeral speech. The district Cacadu, where her grave is was renamed to Sarah Baartman, in her honor, in 2015.






Serfaus

Serfaus is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Spiss

Spiss is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stanz bei Landeck

Stanz bei Landeck is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Strengen

Strengen is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It was first mentioned in an atlas in 1774 as "Gstreng".

Tobadill

Tobadill is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tösens

Tösens is a municipality of the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zams

Zams is a municipality of the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Saint-Aubin, Aube

Saint-Aubin is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Isle of Wight County, Virginia

Isle of Wight County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 38,606 people lived there. Its county seat is Isle of Wight.

Bertram, Texas

Bertram is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Jerusalem District

The Jerusalem District (; ) is one of the regions of Israel. In Israeli law, the capital is Jerusalem. The Jerusalem District has a land area of 652 km². The population of 1,083,300 is 65.6% Jewish and 32.8% Arab. 21% of the Arabs in Israel live in the Jerusalem District, if both West Jerusalem and East Jerusalem are counted. Most countries do not agree that all of Jerusalem is a part of Israel.

Most Arabs in the Jerusalem District are Palestinians. They can become citizens of Israel, but they choose not to be. Some are Israeli Arabs living in Abu Ghosh, Beit Safafa and East Jerusalem.Of the people in the Jerusalem 28.3% are Muslims, 1.8% are Christians and 1.4% are unclassified by religion. The rest are Jews.





Pyrocumulonimbus cloud

A pyrocumulonimbus cloud is a type of cumulonimbus cloud that forms above a source of heat, such as a wildfire or volcanic eruption.

Marvin the Martian

Marvin the Martian is a fictional character from Looney Tunes. He is a space alien. He is usually an enemy of Bugs Bunny.

Marvin wears red tights and a green helmet. His helmet and skirt look like a Roman officer's helmet and skirt. Unlike many of Bugs Bunny's other enemies, Marvin almost never shouts. He always speaks calmly.

The first cartoon to show Marvin the Martian was "Haredevil Hare", directed by Chuck Jones, and released in 1948. In total, for a span of 15 years, Marvin the Martian made five appearances in cartoons. His first voice actor was Mel Blanc. 

Three Little Pigs (movie)

The Three Little Pigs is a 1933 cartoon in the Silly Symphonies series. It is about the fairy tale of the three little pigs. The pigs make houses with different materials, and the Big Bad Wolf tries to knock them down.

"Three Little Pigs" (1933) was the second animated short to win an Oscar for Best Animated Short. Three Little Pigs (1933) is included in the 1994 book, "The 50 Greatest Cartoons". In December 2007, the Library of Congress selected "Three Little Pigs" (1933) to placed in the United States National Film Registry.

Big Bad Wolf

The Big Bad Wolf is a wolf and a fictional villain in many fairy tales, such as "The Boy Who Cried Wolf", "Little Red Riding Hood" and "The Three Little Pigs".

Medieval people did not like wolves because wolves would eat their sheep and other animals, so sometimes the big bad wolf in the story is supposed to be a wolf and does not represent anything else. But other times the wolf is symbol for something else. There are two main ways to look at symbols in "Little Red Riding Hood": In one, the girl Riding Hood is a symbol for the sun. She is eaten by the wolf, who is a symbol for winter or night. Little Red Riding Hood escaping from the wolf's belly is like the sun rising again the next day or spring coming again the next year. In the other, the wolf represents sex or rape. In French around the time "Little Red Riding Hood"' was written down, the figure of speech "she has seen the wolf" means "she has had sex and is not a virgin any more."





There are also modern versions of the Big Bad Wolf. For example, in the graphic novel series "Fables", Bigby Wolf lives with other fairy tale characters who have run away to the real world and works as a detective.

Tim Mulherin

Timothy Sean Mulherin (24 August 1957 – 7 September 2020) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Labor Party. He was the MP for Mackay in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1995 to 2015. He also served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 2012 to 2015.

Mulherin was born in Mackay. He was married and had three children. He died of cancer on 7 September 2020 at the age of 63.

Cecil Malone

Cecil John L'Estrange Malone (7 September 1890 – 25 February 1965) was a British politician and pioneer naval aviator in the United Kingdom.

The Seventh Seal

The Seventh Seal () is a 1957 Swedish fantasy drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman. It was based his own play. It stars Max von Sydow, Gunnar Björnstrand, Bengt Ekerot, Nils Poppe, Inga Landgré, Bibi Andersson, Åke Fridell, Inga Gill.

The theme of the film is a knight's return to his country at the time of the Black Death, that is, the plague in Europe of the Middle Ages. As he lands on the shore he meets the figure of Death in person. This is the scene of a famous chess-playing episode where the two play for the knight's soul. The game is unfinished. After bargaining with Death for a while, the knight sets out on his travels. The travels show the damage done by the plague to all aspects of life in the country. To some critics, the film is typical of the existentialist films of the mid-20th century. 

The knight is the gaunt figure of Max von Sydow at the start of his long film career. He was one of the actors whose career started with working for the film's producer Ingmar Bergman.


Highway 1 (New South Wales)

Highway 1 is a national route in Australia. Most of the New South Wales part of is A1 or M1. 

List of roads that cover National Highway 1:


Lucille Starr

Lucille Starr (May 13, 1938 – September 4, 2020) was a Canadian country singer-songwriter, and yodeler. She was best known for her 1964 hit single, "Quand Le Soleil Dit Bonjour Aux Montagnes" ("The French Song").

Starr died in Las Vegas, Nevada on September 4, 2020 at the age of 82.

Carl-Henning Wijkmark

Carl-Henning Wijkmark (21 November 1934 – 4 September 2020) was a Swedish novelist and translator. He made his literary debut in 1972. He was known for his novel "Jägarna på Karinhall". 

Among his other novels are "Dressinen" from 1983 and "Sista dagar" from 1986. 

He was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1986. He received the August Prize in 2007, for his novel "Stundande natten".

Wijkmark died on 4 September 2020 at the age of 86.

Dwight Anderson

Dwight Anthony Anderson (December 28, 1960 – September 5, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Dayton, Ohio. 

Anderson was selected by the Washington Bullets in the 2nd round of the 1982 NBA draft. He played one season for Denver Nuggets from 1982 to 1983. Anderson also spent several seasons in the Continental Basketball Association.

Anderson died on September 5, 2020 at the age of 59.


Christiane Eda-Pierre

Christiane Eda-Pierre (March 24, 1932 – September 5, 2020) was a French coloratura soprano. She sang in many roles, from baroque to contemporary works. Eda-Pierre was born in Fort-de-France, Martinique.

She made her debut at the Opéra-Comique in 1958, as "Lakmé". She played Papagena in "The Magic Flute", and at the Palais Garnier in 1960, as "Lucia di Lammermoor".

Eda-Pierre died on September 5, 2020 at the age of 88.

Stratford, New Zealand

Stratford () is the only town in Stratford District, and the seat of the Taranaki Region, in New Zealand's North Island. The town has a population of 5,740, making it the 62nd largest urban area in New Zealand.

David Walter (politician)

David Ernest Walter (25 November 1939 – 5 September 2020) was a New Zealand politician and journalist. He was the first mayor of Stratford District Council between 1989 to 1998. He also was chairman of both of the Taranaki Regional Council between 2001 to 2007 and the Stratford County Council from 1983 to 1989. 

Walter died of leukaemia, aged 80, on 5 September 2020 in Stratford.

Jiří Menzel

Jiří Menzel () (23 February 1938 – 5 September 2020) was a Czech movie director, theatre director, actor, and screenwriter. 

He directed the 1966 movie "Closely Watched Trains", which won the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film. He was also known for directing "Larks on a String" and "My Sweet Little Village". Menzel was born in Prague.

Menzel died on 5 September 2020 in Prague from a long-illness, aged 82. His wife confirmed two months later that Menzel died from COVID-19.

Ekaterina Salimova

Ekaterina Salimova is a Russian water polo player. She was part of the Russian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2004 Summer Olympics.

Valentina Voronisova

Valentina Voronisova is a Russian water polo player. She was part of the Russian women's national water polo team. She participated at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships and 2004 Summer Olympics.

Col Markham

Colin William Markham (4 June 1940 – 6 September 2020) was an Australian politician. He was a Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1988 to 2003. He was a parliamentary secretary in the first two terms of the Carr Labor government. He was born in Wollongong, New South Wales.

Markham died on 6 September 2020 at the age of 80.

Dragoljub Ojdanić

Dragoljub Ojdanić (; 1 June 1941 – 6 September 2020) was a Serbian military official. He was the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Yugoslavia between 1998 to 2000 and Minister of Defence of Yugoslavia in 2000.

He was convicted of deportation and forcible transfer of Kosovo Albanians during the Kosovo War by the ICTY.

Ojdanić died on 6 September 2020 in Belgrade, aged 79.


Antonella Di Giacinto

Antonella Di Giacinto is an Italian water polo player and coach. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1994 World Aquatics Championships, 1998 World Aquatics Championships. 

Mike Sexton

Michael Richard Sexton (September 22, 1947 – September 6, 2020) was an American professional poker player and commentator. He was a member of the Poker Hall of Fame. Sexton was born in Shelbyville, Indiana. Sexton had won several tournaments, including one World Series of Poker bracelet, and over $5,400,000 in total tournament winnings.

Sexton died of prostate cancer in Las Vegas, Nevada on September 6, 2020 at the age of 72.

Narendra Kumar Swain

Narendra Kumar Swain (18 December 1939 – 7 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha from Odisha between 2015 to 2020. He was a member of the Biju Janata Dal. He was born in Odisha.

Swain died on 7 September 2020 in Odisha, aged 80.

Melissa Byram

Melissa Byram (née Mills; born 26 December 1973) is an Australian retired water polo player. She was part of the gold medal squad of the 2000 Summer Olympics.

She participated at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships.

Kevin Zeese

Kevin Bruce Zeese (October 28, 1955 – September 5, 2020) was an American lawyer and political activist. His work focused on ending the War on Drugs and mass incarceration. He helped organize the 2011 Occupy encampment in Washington, D.C. at Freedom Plaza. He was co-director of Popular Resistance. 

He ran for the United States Senate in Maryland in 2006. He lost the election to Ben Cardin. He was born in New York City.

Zeese died on September 5, 2020 in Baltimore City, Maryland from a heart attack, aged 64.

Catt Sadler

Catt Sadler (born August 24, 1974) is an American entertainment reporter. She is best known for her work in "E! News, E! News Weekend" and "Daily Pop". 

She co-hosted the network's "The Daily 10" before its cancellation. The "Los Angeles Times" named her one of the top 10 up-and-coming broadcasters in entertainment.

Chuck Scarborough

Charles Bishop Scarborough III (born November 4, 1943) is an American television journalist and author. Beginning in 1974, he has been the lead news anchor at WNBC. He also appeared on NBC News. He currently anchors "News 4 New York" at 6 p.m. every weeknight. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


Zsuzsa Kertész

Zsuzsa Kertész (born 28 December 1965) is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1985 European Water polo Championships, 1987 European Water polo Championships, 1989 European Water polo Championships, and 1991 European Water polo Championships.

Gabriella Tóth

Gabriella Tóth is a Hungarian water polo player. She competed for the Hungarian women's national water polo team in the 1994 World Aquatics Championships and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

Amal Clooney

Amal Clooney (née Alamuddin; ; born 3 February 1978) is a Lebanese lawyer. Her works focused in international law and human rights.

Her clients include Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, the former prime minister of Ukraine, Yulia Tymoshenko; Canadian journalist Mohamed Fahmy; and Nobel Prize laureate Nadia Murad.

In 2019, Clooney was appointed the special envoy on media freedom by the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office.

In September 2021, The International Criminal Court (ICC) appointed Amal Clooney, as Special Advisor for the Sudanese conflict in Darfur.

Curtis S. Person Jr.

Curtis S. Person Jr. (November 27, 1934 – September 4, 2020) was an American politician. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He was a member of the member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1966 to 1968. He also was a member of the State Senate from 1968 to 2006. Person Jr. was a member of the Republican Party.

Person Jr. died on September 4, 2020 in Memphis at the age of 85.

Nicoletta Abbate

Nicoletta Abbate is an Italian water polo player. She was a member of the Italian women's national water polo team. She played at the 1989 European Water Polo Championship, 1991 European Water Polo Championship, and 1994 World Aquatics Championships.


Jackie Northam

Jackie Northam is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Debbie Watson

Debbie Watson (born 28 September 1965) is an Australian water polo player. She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team in the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.

Green-eyed tree frog

The green-eyed tree frog, brown-spotted tree frog, fringed tree frog or New Guinea tree frog ("Ranoidea genimaculata") is a tree frog from New Guinea. It lives everywhere on the island except high in the mountains. It lives in both Papua New Guinea and Indonesia, no more than 1500 meters above sea level. It also lives in Queensland, Australia, near the Great Barrier Reef, but some scientists think these are really two different species. Scientists who think they are one species call the frogs in New Guinea and Australia "Litoria genimaculata" and scientists who think they are two different species call the New Guinea frogs "genimaculata" and the Australian frogs "serrata". Some scientists think the group of frogs in Australia is really two different species, "serrata" and "myola", for three altogether.

The adult male frog is 4.6 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 7.1 cm long. Each frog has a bright green ring around its eyes, which is why it is called "green-eyed tree frog" in English. It has a brown-green body with patches of color that look like lichen that grows on wet rocks. That way, the frog can hide from larger animals that want to eat it. The frog has very large discs on its toes for climbing. This frog has a bit of skin on its hind legs that looks like fringe. That is why it is also called "fringed tree frog" in English.

This frog lives near streams with rocks in them. The male frogs tend to stay near the water, and the female frogs climb high into the trees. The female frog lays eggs in pools, many hundreds at a time.

This frog has colors that look like an hourglass on its back. Scientists thought they could take photographs of this frog to identify individual frogs, but the hourglass changes shape as the frog grows older.

This frog is not endangered now, but scientists think the fungal disease chytridiomycosis or a virus may have killed many of them.

Shin Godzilla

in 2016, Japan Coast Guard surround an spill by a giant creature named "Shin Godzilla" as a first form attack Kamata to Ota Ward bashes cars and trucks also building wrecks, Godzilla down. Godzilla runs stop down Shinagawa to target the dinosaur-creature, Godzilla regenerates his body into 57' meter tall self, surrounded by helicopters then the civilians stop firing and escapes Godzilla in the sea. as a 118-meter tall Godzilla wrecks Kamamura to Tokyo surrounded by Apache helicopters aiming Godzilla onto the head and seems durability, Type 10 Army tanks to shoot Godzilla's leg and continue firing the JSDF vehicles, included Howitzers, fighter jets to drop an bombs at Godzilla walks explosion at himself, flung the bridge and fell some tanks. then Godzilla walks through Tokyo, B2-bombers to shoot Godzilla's back and explode his dorsal fins and getting angry with an his dorsal fin tries to glow purple breath, smokes to flaming and lasered the cities, B2s and destroy the buildings and zaps the Prime Minister and other streets, Ginza clock and others well, stops his atomic breath and rest onto Tokyo Station. next day, starting the bombing trains blow the feet, Godzilla awaked continue to destroy the drones and several buildings onto his atomic breath, then the buildings fill the explosives and slammed Shin Godzilla down the skyscrapers and unconscious. the trucks fill many coagulant with crane to freeze Godzilla, and fails, awaked Godzilla, from the rails to follows an E231 and E233 subway trains to blow Godzilla down to the Tokyo Station and finished the coagulant to freezes again the creature, Godzilla bites the trucks and trashing the station and startle to destroy again, then killed Godzilla by freeze soliding his body, Godzilla dies by a freezing solid stands. they complete the mission of Yashiori Strategy for Rando himself. then Godzilla's tail strucked by a mutated skeletons around as a statue.

The other cast includes Kengo Kora, Ren Osugi, Akira Emoto, Kimiko Yo, Jun Kunimura, Mikako Ichikawa, Pierre Taki, Takumi Saito, Keisuke Koide, Arata Furuta, Sei Hiraizumi, Kenichi Yajima, Tetsu Watanabe, Ken Mitsuishi, Kyūsaku Shimada, Kanji Tsuda, Issei Takahashi, Shinya Tsukamoto, Kazuo Hara, Isshin Inudo, Akira Ogata, Shingo Tsurumi, Suzuki Matsuo, Kreva, Katsuhiko Yokomitsu, and Atsuko Maeda. the voice English language dubs include, Todd Haberkorn as Rando and Godzilla vocalizations, Trina Nishimura, J. Michael Tatum, Kent Williams, Ian Sinclair, Micah Solosud, Kate Oxley, Christopher Bevins, Ed Blaylock, Jeremy Inman, Jeremy Schwartz, Charlie Campbell, R. Bruce Elliott, Rachel Robinson, Barry Yandell, David Wald, John Burgmeier. 
The film was released by DVD in July 18, 2017 by Funimation by United States, Japan released by DVD, Toho Video in 2017.

Madam Secretary

Madam Secretary is an American political drama television series created by Barbara Hall on CBS from September 21, 2014 to December 8, 2019.

The Guardian (TV series)

The Guardian is an American drama television series on CBS. It originally aired from September 25, 2001 to May 4, 2004.

Beast (Beauty and the Beast)

The Beast is a character from Beauty and the Beast. In different movies and musicals, Dan Stevens, Terrence Mann, James Barbour and Steve Blanchard have played the role of the Beast. Now he was portrayed by Josh Groban.

Roma people in Turkey

The Xoraxane Roma in Turkey named official since the 1990's in Turkish as Romanlar (singular"Roman", male "Rom", female "Romliye"), but other Turkish designations like Çingene (Gypsy), Esmer Vatandaş, Kıpti and many other names also in use, but some used Çingene, or selfname Manuş (Human) and Şopar (Gypsy kid) for themself in East Thrace. In English they are named "Turkish Gypsy". The Word Gypsy is not pejorative for them. There are a number of subgroups, all named after their old professional jobs or only Xoraxane. There Religion is Sunni Muslim of Hanafi school and some are Members of a Sufism Tarika. Engagement's, marriage's, and circumcision of the boys (Sünnet party)'s, are big festivals.
The Roma people in Turkey speak the Turkish language as first language. Most do not speak the Romani language anymore, and many hide there Romani Background designate themselves as Turks only, and didn't want to be call as Roma. The majority live in East Thrace, this is why East Thrace is jokily called "Gypsy County"' (Şoparistan), and Citys like Istanbul, Edirne and Izmir. They have Turkish citizenship and adopted the Turkish culture, they havent Romanipen (a special Romani culture-code etc.), like christian roma in europe. The Romanlar from Turkey distance themselves from all other Roma groups from europe, it doesnt matter if they are Christian or Muslims.
The Romanlar are closer to Turks as to any Roma Groups of Europe. They have only a lesser similarity with the Turkish speaking Xoraxane Roma from Bulgaria, Romani (Dobruja) or Greece (West-Thrace). They also havent an Minority status, and they didnt want to be called as Minority. Some of the Turkish Romani came as Guest worker to Germany and Austria in the 1960-70's. None of them was looked as Roma by the Host Population, only as Turks in Germany, where some of the Turkish-Romani Men married with German or Austrian Womans. The Offsprings of this Marriages called Melezi (Halfblood), a Turkish Loanword in the Romani language dialects of the Muslim Roma for people with mixed Romani blood.
In Turkey, the Romanlar do all kind of low Jobs, but also as flower sellers, basketmaker etc.

There is recorded by Persian poets and historians in the Shahnameh. According to this records, the Persian king Bahram V of Sassanid Empire, brought several thousand musicians from India to Persia. From Persia, the descendants of the Indian musicians migrated to different countries.
According Ottoman and Turkish historians and linguists, the Romanlar in Turkey are the descendants of mixed Ancestry, the so called Chingan (Musicans-Dancers), who once came from Hindustan, trough trading relationships at the Silk Road with the Byzantine Empire, from the Indian subcontinent into Egypt, who was at that time a part of the Byzantine Empire. They settled in Koptos (Qift) at the Nile for a while. Later, when the Muslim Arabian made fight with the Byzantine Empire, the Romanlar went with them as Camp followers to Asia Minor and settled first in Phrygia, from there they went to Thrace in Europe at 800 AD. The Greeks called them Atsingani. The oldest sedentary settlment of Romanlar was in Sulukule in Istanbul, dating back to 1054 AD. The Byzantine Historian Nikephoros Gregoras, told of Acrobats who came from Egypt to Constantinople in 1322. The Ottoman Historian Evliya Çelebi described in his Book Seyhatnâme, the language and Background of the Roma people, that after the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, Sultan Mehmed II settled Roma from Gümülcine and Muslim Roma's from Bayat village Aydın Province and Sanjak of Menteşe to Istanbul as Dancers and Musicians. At the time of Ottoman Empire they got their own Sanjak (district) in East Thrace in 1530 by the Order of Suleiman the Magnificent. Turkish speaking Muslim Roma also settled from Anatolia in the Balkans under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. Today in Bulgaria, Greece (West-Thrace) and Romania (Dobruja) there live a Turkish speaking Muslim Roma minority. Many Romanlar live in Istanbul , Edirne and İzmir.

Genetic studies showed that Turkish Gypsys have similarity to Jats and Punjabis from Punjab (Pakistan) also Gene flow from Turks and Southeast Europe's people like Slavs, Greeks and Albanians into the Turkish Gypsys population of the Ottoman Empire, happend trough the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans. Also people from Caucasus Mountains like the Kubachi people 

About Paspati in his Book of the Turkish Gypsy's from 1860-1863, he mentioned that Ottoman Turkish Men often married Gypsy woman, and arround 200.000 Muslim Roma live in Turkey. Under the reign of Abdulhamid II, there status was changend and they was named as Buçuk Millet.

At the Greek War of Independence 1821–1829, Crimean War 1853–1856, Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), Balkan Wars 1912-1913, World War I 1914-1918, and the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, many Turkish speaking Xoraxane-Roma together with other Non-Romani Muslims was expelled from Bulgaria and Greece and other parts of the Balkans, who once belonged to the former Ottoman Empire, to settle in Turkey.

After the end of Serfdom-Slavery in Moldova in 1855 and Wallachia in 1856, Orthodox Christian Roma went to Istanbul and named Laxo Roma who speak Vlax Romani language. In 1923 the Laxo went mostly to Greece.

The Romanlar in Turkey are wellknown of there Music and Dance, and play for Weddings, Sünnet partys and Kirkpinar-Festival (Oil wrestling), also for Non Romani People. Belly dance is performed in there own special style.

Kakava is the name of the celebration of there own Male Saint Baba Fingo., its hold every year on 5-6 May at Edirne. Its an old Folk Believe by the Romanlar,

Many Romanlar in Turkey belong to the Sufism Hindiler Tekkesi of the Qadiri-Tarika, who was founded in 1738 by Sheykh Seyfullah Efendi El Hindi in Selamsız, a Romani quarter at Üsküdar in Istanbul. He was original a Muslim from Hindustan. Anyway the Romanlar are Muslims, the old Folk believe of Baba Fingo is present.

Serbian Americans

Serbian Americans (), also known as American Serbs (), are United States citizens whose ancestors are Serbs. As of 2013, there were about 190,000 American citizens who said that they had Serb ancestry. However, the number may be much higher, as there were also 290,000 people who said that they were Yugoslavs living in the United States. The group includes Serbian Americans living in the United States for one or many generations, people who are citizens of both Serbia and the United States, or any other people who say that they are both Serbian and American.

One of the first Serb immigrants to the United States was the settler George Fisher, who came to Philadelphia in 1815, moved to Mexico, fought in the Texan Revolution, and became a judge in California. Another important early Serb in America was Basil Rosevic, who started a shipping company, the Trans-Oceanic Ship Lines, around the year 1800. In the early 1800s, many Serb sailors and fishermen from Montenegro and Herzegovina came to New Orleans looking for work. In 1841, Serbs founded the Greek Orthodox parish with Greek immigrants in New Orleans.

Serbian Americans fought in the American Civil War, mostly on the side of the Confederacy, as most Serbs living in America were in Louisiana and Mississippi. A few Confederate military units were started by Serbs in Louisiana, such as the Cognevich Company (named for Stjepan Konjevic, who immigrated to Louisiana in the 1830s), and the First and Second Slavonian Rifles. At least 400 Serbs fought in these three units during the Civil War. Several other known Serbs who fought in the Civil War came from Alabama and Florida, specifically from Pensacola.

Some Serbian Americans went back to Serbia to fight in the First Balkan War. During World War I, as many as 15,000 Serbian Americans went back to the Balkans to fight. Serbs in the United States who did not fight in the war raised knowledge, campaigned for the creation of Yugoslavia, sent aid to the Balkans through the Red Cross, formed a Serbian Relief Committee, and urged important Americans to support the Serbian cause.

After World War II many Serbs immigrated to the United States from Yugoslavia after Josip Broz Tito took control of the country. Since then, many Serbian American organizations have been formed in the United States. A number of Serbian American engineers worked on the Apollo program.

Serbs have lived in Alaska since the first Serbs came to America in the 19th century. Many Serbs came in the Klondike Gold Rush in the late 1890s to earn money, just like they had done in the California Gold Rush.

The places where most Serbs settled in Alaska were Juneau, Douglas, Fairbanks, and Sitka. Many Serbs also settled in the Canadian Yukon during the gold rush as well, such as the legendary gold miner Black Mike Vojnić.

In 1893, Serbian miners in Alaska built the Orthodox Church in Juneau with the native Orthodox Tlingit people, who had been converted to Orthodoxy by the Russians decades before. During the First World War, many Serbian Americans went back to Serbia to fight, and thousands of them came from Alaska.

In recent years, it has become common for Serbian workers to come to Alaska every year to work for a few months in canneries, where food and living space is given to them. These workers stay in Alaska on temporary work visas, and speak English.

In the past, number of Serbs who immigrated to the United States was difficult to find as Serb immigrants were often recorded by their country of origin, so as Turks, Croats, Slovenes, Montenegrins, Dalmatians, Bosnians, Herzegovinians and Austro-Hungarians. In the 1910 census, there were 16,676 Serbs from Austria-Hungary, 4,321 from Serbia, and 3,724 from Montenegro.

187,738 citizens of the United States said that they Serb ethnicity in 2010. The 2012 American Community Survey estimated that there were 199,080 Americans with Serb ancestry. It is likely that some of the American citizens who said that they had Yugoslavian ethnicity (328,547 in 2010; 310,682 in 2012 estimation) are also ethnic Serbs.

Places in the United States where many Serbs have settled include Chicago, New York City, Indianapolis, Milwaukee, Pittsburgh, Phoenix, and Jackson, California.

Serbian-born population in the US since 2010:


Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria

The Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria () is a metropolitan city in the Calabria region of southern Italy. Its capital is Reggio Calabria. It replaced the Province of Reggio Calabria in 2017.

The Aspromonte massif dominates the western part, and with its long coastline, the metropolitan city is a popular tourist destination during the summer.

The Metropolitan City was created by the reform of local authorities (Law 142/1990), and then established by the Law 56/2014.

The Metropolitan City is headed by the Metropolitan Mayor ("Sindaco metropolitano") and the Metropolitan Council ("Consiglio metropolitano").


Quasiparticle

The term Quasiparticle describes a concept in physics in which energetically excited states in matter are treated as though they are elementary quantum particles in their own right.  In fact they may be something less tangible like a vibration or a rotation.

Unlike neutrons, protons, or even atoms and molecules, quasiparticles aren't independent structures floating about on their own in free space but exist only within the structure being studied. 

For the purposes of modelling the behaviour of the excited state within the structure this treatment works very well.  

As the particles emerge from more fundamental structures they are called quasi-particles or quasiparticles.

These particles have in most cases short  lifetimes, like the magnon or the exciton. But there are also some quasi-particles with an infinite lifetime like the cooper-pair in superconductors. 

Captains Regent

The Captains Regent are the heads of state of San Marino and leaders of the government. There are always two Captains Regent and they serve terms of six months. 

Pteropus

Pteropus is a genus of large megabats. They are commonly known as fruit bats or flying foxes. They live in the tropics and subtropics of Asia: Australia, the Indian subcontinent, East Africa, and some oceanic islands in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. 

There are at least 60 living species in the genus.
Flying foxes eat fruit and other plant matter, and occasionally insects as well. They find food with their keen sense of smell. Most, but not all, are nocturnal. They navigate with keen eyesight, as they cannot echolocate. They have long lives and low birth rates. Females of most species have only one offspring each year. This slow birth rate makes their populations vulnerable in present-day circumstances.

Like other bats, flying foxes can give deadly diseases to humans. They are the reservoirs of rare but fatal disease agents such as Australian bat lyssavirus (which causes rabies), and Hendra virus. Seven known human deaths have come from these two diseases. Nipah virus is also transmitted by flying foxes—it affects more people, with over 100 fatalities. 

Flying foxes have cultural significance to indigenous people. They appear in traditional art, folklore, and weaponry. Their fur and teeth were used as currency in the past. Some cultures still use their teeth as currency today.

Measure word

A measure word is a word or morpheme (the smallest meaningful unit in a language) that shows how much of something there is.

In English, measure words are used to show amounts of something that cannot be easily counted, also called uncountable nouns or mass nouns. For example, a person cannot usually say, "I have three gasolines", since gasoline is not easy to count. However, a person can measure how much gasoline there is or count how many containers are used to hold gasoline. In other words, people can say, "I have three gallons of gasoline", "I have three liters of gasoline", or "I have three tanks of gasoline."

In English, count nouns are their own measure words. A person can say "I have three cars" or "cars have four wheels". The nouns do not need any extra words because the nouns themselves are easy to count. Measure words can also be used to describe groups of countable nouns. For example, a group of cattle is called "a herd of cattle" and a group of fish is called "a school of fish."

In many East Asian languages, like Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, measure words must be used to count both mass nouns and count nouns. Unlike in English, a person cannot simply say "three cars" or "four wheels" in Chinese. The nouns in both phrases need a measure word. In Chinese a person must say "three (vehicle) car" (三辆车) and "four (thing) wheel" (四个轮).

Matrix function

In mathematics, a function maps an input value to an output value. In the case of a matrix function, the input and the output values are matrices. One example of a matrix function occurs with the Algebraic Riccati equation, which is used to solve certain optimal control problems. 

Matrix functions are special functions made by matrices.

Most functions like formula_1 are defined as a solution of a differential equation. But matrix functions will use a different way.

Suppose formula_2 is a complex number and formula_3 is a square matrix. If you have a polynomial:
then it is reasonable to define
Let's use this idea. When you have
then you can introduce
For example, the matrix version of the exponential function and the trigonometric functions are defined as follows:
Matrix functions are used at numerical methods for ordinary differential equations and statistics. This is why numerical analysts are studying how to compute them. For example, the following functions are studied:


Mauritian flying fox

The Mauritian flying fox ("Pteropus niger") is also known as Greater Mascarene flying fox or Mauritius fruit bat. 

It is a megabat species endemic to Mauritius and La Réunion. An out-of-date name for this megabat is "Vespertilio niger".

Jubba River

Jubba River is a river which starts in the Ogadenia region. It ends in the Jubaland state of Somalia.

Shebelle River

The Shebelle River is a river which starts in the Ogadenia region. It flows through the Hirshabelle and Jubaland states of Somalia.

Moytoy of Tellico

Moytoy of Tellico, (died 1741) (, meaning "rainmaker") was given the title of "Emperor of the Cherokee" by Sir Alexander Cumming. He was chief of the Wolf Clan.

Star Trek: Picard

"Star Trek: Picard" is a television series by CBS.

Žarko Domljan

Žarko Domljan (14 September 1932 – 5 September 2020) was a Croatian politician. He was the first Speaker of the Croatian Parliament after Croatia's independence from Yugoslavia. He was the speaker from 30 May 1990 to 2 August 1992. He later was a Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.

Domljan died on 5 September 2020 in Zagreb, aged 87.

Levon Altounian

Levon Aram Altounian (; ; 15 February 1936 – 6 September 2020) was a Lebanese footballer. He played as a winger or midfielder. He was born in Beirut.

Altounian played his whole club career at Homenetmen between 1952 and 1973. He also played for the national team from 1954 to 1963. 

On 6 September 2020, Altounian died at a hospital in Roumieh, Lebanon at the age of 84.

Kevin Dobson

Kevin Patrick Dobson (March 18, 1943 – September 6, 2020) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Detective Bobby Crocker in the CBS crime drama "Kojak" (1973–1978) and as M. Patrick "Mack" MacKenzie in "Knots Landing" (1982–1993). He was born in New York City.

Dobson died of a heart attack on September 6, 2020 in Coalinga, California at the age of 77.

Coalinga, California

Coalinga ( or ) is a city in Fresno County and the western San Joaquin Valley, in central California.

The population was 17,590 at the 2020 census. This is up from 13,380 at the 2010 census, and 11,668 at the 2000 census.

Six Pack (movie)

Six Pack is a 1982 American comedy-drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Kenny Rogers, Diane Lane, Erin Gray, Anthony Michael Hall, Barry Corbin, Terry Kiser, Bob Hannah. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Sergey Koltakov

Sergey Mikhailovich Koltakov (; December 10, 1955 – September 7, 2020) was a Russian actor. He was born in Barnaul, Altai Krai, Soviet Union. He was best known for his roles as Sergei in "Mirror for a Hero" (1987), Hank in "New Adventures of a Yankee in King Arthur's Court" (1988) and as Konstatin in "The Life of Klim Samgin" (1988).

Koltakov died on September 7, 2020 in Moscow, aged 64.

Abdul Malik Fadjar

Abdul Malik Fadjar (22 February 1939 – 7 September 2020) was an Indonesian politician and academic. He was the Minister of Religious Affairs between 1998 to 1999 and Minister of Education from 2001 to 2004. He worked during the cabinets of B. J. Habibie, Abdurrahman Wahid and Megawati Sukarnoputri.

Fadjar died on 7 September 2020 at the age of 81.

Hostages (American TV series)

Hostages is an American drama television series that aired on CBS from 2013-2014.

The Blacklist (TV series)

The Blacklist is an American crime thriller television series, starring James Spader, on NBC on September 23, 2013. 

Centralian tree frog

The Centralian tree frog ("Ranoidea gilleni") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in the MacDonnell Ranges in the Northern Territory.

This frog lives in rocky places with water holes and bodies of water that sometimes dry up. It hides during the day. Scientists do not know much about the eggs or tadpoles.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Litoria caerulea".

Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1

The CLP-1 or () is the top division of the Tunisian Football Federation. It was created in 1921.

The football championship of Tunisia, was first held in 1907 by the "Ligue Tunisienne de football" (Tunisian League of football – LTF) then the Tunisian Football Federation (FTF). The first edition opposed the three teams of "Racing club of Tunis", "Football club of Bizerte" and "Sporting of Ferryville", and the two school teams of the "Carnot College of Tunis" and the "Sadiki College".
It became official with the creation of the LTF in 1921 and its affiliation with the French federation of football. Until 1939, the title of champion was attributed as a result of dams between the regional champions. But from 1946 to 1947, a championship of "excellence" (national division) was created and competes nationally. In 1944–1945, 1945–1946 and 1952–1953, the championship was not disputed and was replaced by a criterium (a kind of tournament pools where participation is voluntary). 
The current big clubs are created during this period: "Esperance Sportive de Tunis" (1919), "Club African" (1920), "Etoile Sportive du Sahel" (1925), "Club Athletic Bizertin" and "Club Sportif Sfaxien" (1928).

El Watania 1 and El Watania 2 have the broadcast rights of the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 since independence. Qatari channels Al-Kass Sports have the rights of broadcasting 10 meetings per season, most of them derby matches, since the 2015–16 season.

This is the list of the clubs that won the Tunisian League:

Teams in Bold compete in 2019–20 Ligue 1.

This is the list of top scorers by season.

Patricia Manterola

Patricia Manterola (; born Bertha Patricia Manterola Carrión on April 23, 1972) is a Mexican singer and actress. She was born in Mexico City. Her career began in 1989. She was one of the original members of the Mexican pop group Garibaldi. She is known for her role as Julia in the telenovela "Apuesta por un amor".

From 1999 to 2005, she was married to Garibaldi group member Xavier Ortiz. 

Xavier Ortiz

Xavier Ortiz (June 29, 1962 – September 7, 2020) was a Mexican actor, singer, and businessman. He was a member of the Mexican pop group Garibaldi. He was known for his roles in "Journey from the Fall" and the Mexican production of "P.S. Your Cat Is Dead". He also played Lalo in the 2009 telenovela "Un gancho al corazón".

From 1999 to 2005, he was married to his Garibaldi member Patricia Manterola.

Ortiz killed himself on September 7, 2020 at his home in Guadalajara, aged 48.

Patrick Sweeney (politician)

Patrick Anthony Sweeney (September 2, 1939 – September 7, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Ohio Senate from 1997 to 1998, and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1967 to 1997. 

He was appointed in January 1997 to fill the vacancy caused by Dennis Kucinich, who was elected to Congress. Sweeney was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Sweeney died on September 7, 2020 in Cleveland at the age of 81.

Harry Roque

Herminio "Harry" Lopez Roque Jr. (; born October 21, 1966) is a Filipino lawyer, politician, and former law professor. He is the current Presidential Spokesperson of President Rodrigo Duterte.

Joseph Chennoth

Joseph Chennoth (13 October 1943 – 8 September 2020) was an Indian Syro Malabar Catholic prelate. He worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. He was an archbishop and an apostolic nuncio from 1999 until his death.

He was made a priest on 4 May 1969 by Bishop Paul Ch’eng Shih-kuang of Tainan, Taiwan.

Pope John Paul II named him titular archbishop of Milevum and Apostolic Nuncio to the Central African Republic and to Chad on 24 August 1999.

Pope Benedict XVI named him Apostolic Nuncio to Tanzania on 15 June 2005.

Benedict appointed him Apostolic Nuncio to Japan on 15 August 2011.

Chennoth died on 8 September 2020 in Tokyo, aged 76.

Jaya Prakash Reddy

Jaya Prakash Reddy (10 October 1945  – 8 September 2020) was an Indian Telugu actor. He was born in Sirvel, Andhra Pradesh, India. He was known for his roles in "Samarasimha Reddy", "Jayam Manade Raa and" "Chennakesava Reddy". 

Reddy died on 8 September 2020 at his home in Guntur due to cardiac arrest, aged 74.

Vexi Salmi

Veikko Olavi "Vexi" Salmi (; 21 September 1942 – 8 September 2020) was a Finnish lyricist. He wrote the lyrics to many popular songs for several prominent artists, including Irwin Goodman, Jari Sillanpää, and Katri Helena. 

His career as a lyricist began in the 1960s. He was born in Hämeenlinna, Finland. He wrote the lyrics to many Eurovision entry songs such as "Huilumies" and "Katson sineen taivaan".

Salmi died from a short-illness in Helsinki on 8 September 2020, aged 77.

Aurelio Iragorri Hormaza

Jorge Aurelio Iragorri Hormaza (28 April 1937 – 7 September 2020) was a Colombian politician. He was born in Popayán, Colombia. He was a member of the Social Party of National Unity. He was the Governor of Cauca from 1975 to 1976. He was also a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1981 to 1982 and Senate from 1991 to 2014.

Iragorri Hormaza died on 7 September 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 83.

Congress of Colombia

The Congress of the Republic of Colombia () is the name given to Colombia's bicameral national legislature.

The Congress of Colombia is made up of the 108-seat Senate "(Senado)", and the 172-seat Chamber of Representatives "(Cámara de Representantes)". Members of both houses are elected by popular vote to serve four-year terms.

Chamber of Representatives of Colombia

The House of Representatives (Spanish: "Cámara de Representantes") is the lower house of the Congress of Colombia. It has 172 members elected to four-year terms.

According to the Colombian Constitution, the House of Representatives, currently made up of 166 representatives serving four-year terms, is elected in territorial constituencies, special constituencies and an international constituency.

Senate of Colombia

The Senate of the Republic of Colombia () is the upper house of the Congress of Colombia, with the lower house being the House of Representatives. The Senate has 108 members elected for concurrent (non-rotating) four-year terms.

International Military Tribunal for the Far East

The International Military Tribunal for the Far East (IMTFE), also known as the Tokyo Trial or the Tokyo War Crimes Tribunal, was a military trial began on April 29, 1946, to try the leaders of the Empire of Japan for joint conspiracy to start a war (categorized as "Class A" crimes), conventional war crimes ("Class B") and crimes against humanity ("Class C").

Eleven countries (Australia, Canada, China, France, India, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the Philippines, the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States) provided judges and prosecutors for the court.

Twenty-eight Japanese military and political leaders were charged. The trial ended on November 12, 1948.

Trolley problem

The trolley problem is an imaginary problem that people can solve to explore how the human mind works.

Oxford University philosophy professor Philippa Foot in the 1960s wrote about the trolley problem and other problems in her 1967 essay "The Problem of Abortion and the Doctrine of the Double Effect." Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor Judith Jarvis Thomson made the trolley problem famous. Now many schools teach the trolley problem. For a time, there was even a part of philosophy called trolleyology. Jarvis Thomson named the problem "the trolley problem."

The trolley problem does not have a right or wrong answer. Instead, it is a way to make people think and talk about what makes actions good or bad and why.

The agent ("you") is on a trolley, a fast-moving cart that can only run on a track. It is not an automobile that can be driven off the edge of a road. It must stay on a track. Ahead of the agent, five people are standing on the track, where the trolley will run over them and kill them. The agent has no way to stop the trolley. The only thing the agent can do is throw a switch to make the trolley change onto a different track. On this second track, there is one person. None of the six people have time to move out of the way.

In Jarvis Thomson's version, the person controlling the trolley switch is not on the trolley. Instead, this agent is watching from the side. This person can throw the switch but they can also choose to do nothing.

If the agent does nothing, the trolley will kill five people. If the agent throws the switch, the trolley will kill one person.

There are different versions of the trolley problem. What if the agent knows something about the individual people on the track?

The agent is a doctor working in an emergency room. A homeless person or traveler comes to the emergency room, but the doctor learns he is not sick at all. Upstairs in the hospital, there are five sick people who need organ transplants. The homeless person is a perfect match for all five. Like in the trolley problem, the doctor can kill one person by taking action or allow five people to die by doing nothing. The emergency room case was also in Foot's 1967 essay.

Most people think the emergency room problem is different from the trolley problem, even though the numbers are the same. The trolley problem is something that could happen in real life but would be very rare. Healthy people go to emergency rooms every day.

In the emergency room problem, many, many things can affect the agent's decision. The students say things like, "The agent is a doctor, and doctors are taught not to hurt or kill people, so the agent will say no" instead of saying what they themselves would do. Or they would say things like "If the doctors kill the homeless person, people will find out about it. They will be worried that the doctors will kill them for their organs, so they will not go to the emergency room when they need to. Then more than five people will die—sick people who did not go to the emergency room for help." These things are true, but they mean the emergency room case is very complicated for a thought experiment.

Philosophers invented the footbridge problem as a better version of the emergency room problem. Unlike in the emergency room problem, there are no societal systems that get in the way, for example the doctor's education or people deciding not to go to the emergency room.

In the footbridge problem, the agent is standing on a small bridge over a trolley track. Again, there is a trolley with no brakes moving very fast to five people. It will hit and kill the people if nothing stops it. They cannot move out of the way. There is also a second person on the footbridge. If the agent pushes this one person off the footbridge, then their body will stop the trolley, saving the five other people. But the one person whom the agent has pushed will die. In this problem, the person the agent would push is big and fat enough to stop the trolley, but the agent is not.

Other variations on the trolley problem include when the agent knows some or all of the people on the tracks. Another is when the big fat person on the footbridge put the five people on the track on purpose so they would be run over. Another is when the one person whom the trolley can run over instead of the other five is a person taking a nap in a hammock instead of someone standing on a trolley track.

A team of scientists led by Joshua Greene put people in an fMRI machine to watch what their brains did while they thought about the trolley problem and its other versions. When people thought about pulling the trolley switch to kill one person instead of five, the parts of the brain that do cool, rational thinking (the prefrontal cortex) lit up. When people thought about pushing a fat man onto the track, the parts of their brain that do emotion (the amygdala) lit up. The people decided not to push the fat man onto the track. Greene and the other scientists said they think human beings are more likely to make moral decisions using intuition when they are feeling emotions, for example the disgust they feel at the thought of killing an innocent fat man. Green and the other scientists said they think human beings are more likely to make decisions using logic when their emotions are not involved.

The trolley problem was in the episode "The Trolley Problem" on the second season of the sitcom "The Good Place".

Gao Wenbin

Gao Wenbin () (December 1921/1922 – 7 September 2020) was a Chinese historian, translator, university professor and jurist. He was the last surviving member of the Chinese delegation which represented the Republic of China at the Tokyo Trial. He was born in Yueyang, Hunan. 

In 1952, he was arrested by one of the teachers of the Soochow University Law School terming him as a "special suspect" and was sentenced to a minimum of ten years of labour reform. 

He joined the China Democratic League in 1985.

He had lectures at the University of Maine School of Law and at the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. He also taught maritime law and international law at the Shanghai Maritime University.

Gao died on 7 September 2020 at a hospital in Shanghai from a long-illness, aged 99.

Shibboleth

A shibboleth () was originally a single word which distinguished one group from another.

Rather more widely, it is any custom or tradition that distinguishes one group of people from another. Shibboleths have been used throughout history in many societies as passwords. They are simple ways of self-identification: they signal loyalty and affinity.

The term comes from the Hebrew word "shibbólet" (), which means the part of a plant containing grain, such as the head of a stalk of wheat or rye. 

The modern use comes from an account in the Hebrew Bible. How this word was pronounced was used to distinguish friend from foe. In the Book of Judges, chapter 12, the inhabitants of Gilead inflicted a military defeat on the invading tribe of Ephraim (around 1370–1070 BC). The surviving Ephraimites tried to cross the River Jordan to their home territory, but the Gileadites secured the river's fords to stop them. 

To identify and kill the Ephraimites, the Gileadites told each suspected survivor to say the word "shibboleth" (with voiceless postalveolar fricative). The Ephraimite dialect resulted in a pronunciation that, to Gileadites, sounded like "sibboleth". In the King James Bible: 
The concept of a shibboleth is still with us. It is any word, phrase, jargon or pronunciation which identifies a person as a member of a particular group.

Landscape architecture

Landscape architecture is a field of design that deals with the design of garden buildings and open spaces: open public or private spaces, squares, gardens and parks, promenades and more. He who deals with landscape architecture is landscape architect. In most cases, landscape architecture is simultaneously associated with the architecture of buildings and planning and urban design, which are areas in which architects are engaged. Landscape architecture deals with different and varied forms of open spaces and different ways of planning the relationship between buildings and land and landscape and between man and nature or his urban environment.


Landscape urbanism

Landscape urbanism is a new theory in the field of urban and regional planning that first appeared in the late 20th century claiming that the best way to organize cities is through the landscape design of the city rather than the design of its buildings. The phrase urban landscape first appeared in the mid-1990s. Since then this phrase has received many different uses but is most often cited as a post-modernist response to the failures of "New Urbanism".

In 2008 the first Biennale in the world of "Landscape Urbanism" was held in the city of Bat-Yam in Israel which dealt with New Urbanism.



AFC Asian Cup

The AFC Asian Cup, commonly known as the Asian Cup, is the main association football competition played by the senior men's national teams of the members of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). It has been held every four years since 1956, in the even-numbered year between FIFA World Cup tournaments until 2004, and in the year after FIFA World Cup tournaments since 2007.


Hassan Maatouk

Hassan Ali Maatouk (born 10 August 1987) is an Lebanese footballer. He plays for Ansar and the Lebanon national team as a forward. He is the player with the most goals and appearances for his national team.

The Naked City

The Naked City is a 1948 American crime drama movie directed by Jules Dassin and stars Barry Fitzgerald, Howard Duff, Dorothy Hart, Don Taylor, Frank Conroy, Adelaide Klein. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards and won 2 Oscars in 1949.


Marco Cariola

Marco Antonio Juan Andrés Cariola Barroilhet (2 November 1932 – 6 September 2020) was a Chilean lawyer, farmer and politician. He was born in Viña del Mar, Chile. Cariola was a member of the Independent Democratic Union. From 1998 to 2006, he was a member of the Senate.

Cariola died on 6 September 2020 in Santiago de Chile at the age of 87.

Paul Chittilapilly

Paul Chittilapilly (27 February 1934 – 6 September 2020) was an Indian Syro-Malabar Catholic prelate. He was bishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1961. He was bishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Kalyan, India, from 1988 to 1996 and as bishop of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Thamarassery, India, from 1996 to 2010.

Chittilapilly died on 6 September 2020, aged 86.

Tom Jernstedt

Tom Jernstedt (November 24, 1944 – September 6, 2020) was an American basketball administrator. He worked for the NCAA from 1972 until 2010. He was honored into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame as a contributor in 2010 and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2017. He was born in McMinnville, Oregon.

Jernstedt died on September 6, 2020 from a heart attack in Tequesta, Florida, aged 75.

Carlton, Oregon

Carlton is a city in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States. The population was 2,220 at the 2020 census.

Chen Dingchang

Chen Dingchang (; January 1937 – 7 September 2020) was a Chinese scientist. His work focused in aerospace engineering. Chen was born in Shanghai. He worked at the China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation. Chen developed China's first laser radar. In 2009, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.

Chen died on 7 September 2020 in Beijing, aged 83.

Vaughan Jones

Sir Vaughan Frederick Randal Jones (31 December 1952 – 6 September 2020) was a New Zealand mathematician. He was known for his work on von Neumann algebras and knot polynomials. He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1990. He was born in Gisborne, New Zealand.

Jones died on 6 September 2020 from problems caused by an ear infection at the age of 67.

Gene Budig

Gene A. Budig (May 25, 1939September 8, 2020) was an American baseball executive. He was the last president of the American League (AL), from 1994 to 1999. He was born in McCook, Nebraska.

Budig went on to become part-owner of a minor league baseball team. He was also President of Illinois State University between 1973 to 1977, West Virginia University between 1977 to 1981 and University of Kansas between 1980 to 1994.

Budig died on September 8, 2020 in Charleston, South Carolina from liver disease at the age of 81.

Ronald Harwood

Sir Ronald Harwood, (born Ronald Horwitz; 9 November 1934 – 8 September 2020) was a South African-born British author, playwright and screenwriter. He was known for his screenplays "The Dresser" and "The Pianist". He won the 2003 Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He also wrote the screenplay for "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly" (2007).

Harwood died at his home in Sussex on 8 September 2020, at age 85.

Claude Peretti

Claude Peretti (24 February 1942 – 8 September 2020) was a French footballer. He played as a Right midfielder. He won the 1963 Coupe de France with AS Monaco FC. He was born in Nice, France.

He then played for Olympique de Marseille before returning to Monaco for a brief time in 1964. In 1965, he joined AC Ajaccio, which won the Ligue 2 championship in 1967. He retired in 1970.

Peretti died on 8 September 2020 at the age of 78.

The Pianist (2002 movie)

The Pianist is a 2002 war biographical drama movie produced and directed by Roman Polanski. The script was written by Ronald Harwood. It starred Adrien Brody. 

It is based on the autobiographical book "The Pianist" (1946), a Holocaust memoir by the Polish-Jewish pianist and composer Władysław Szpilman, a Holocaust survivor. 

"The Pianist" was released on 24 May 2002 at the Cannes Film Festival to strong positive critical reviews. It was awarded the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. 

The movie won many Academy Awards such as for Best Director (Polanski), Best Adapted Screenplay (Harwood), and Best Actor (Brody), and was nominated for four others, including Best Picture.

Wilm Hosenfeld

Wilhelm Adalbert Hosenfeld (; 2 May 1895 – 13 August 1952) was a German Army officer who by the end of the Second World War was promoted to "Hauptmann" (Captain). 

He helped to hide or rescue several Polish people, including Jews, in Nazi-German occupied Poland, and helped Polish-Jewish pianist and composer Władysław Szpilman to survive, hidden, in the ruins of Warsaw during the last months of 1944.

In October 2007, Hosenfeld was honored by the president of Poland Lech Kaczyński with a Commander’s Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta. 


United States Federal Witness Protection Program

The United States Federal Witness Protection Program (WPP), also known as the Witness Security Program or WITSEC, is a witness protection program. It is operated by the United States Marshals Service. It was created to protect threatened witnesses before, during, and after a trial.

A few states, including California, Connecticut, Illinois, New York, Texas, and Washington D.C. have their own witness protection programs for crimes not covered by the federal program. 

The state-run programs have less protections than the federal program.

Silver Apples

Silver Apples were an American electronic rock group from New York between 1967 and 1970. 

It was made-up of Simeon (born Simeon Oliver Coxe III; June 4, 1938 – September 8, 2020), who performed on a synthesizer, drummer Danny Taylor. 

The duo were among the first to use electronic music techniques outside of academia.



Arnulfo Fuentebella

Arnulfo Palma Fuentebella (October 29, 1945 – September 9, 2020) was a Filipino politician. He was the Speaker of the Philippine House of Representatives from 2000 to 2001. He was also a representative of House of Representatives between 1992 to 2001, 2004 to 2019. Fueneblla was born in Goa, Camarines Sur.

Fuentebella died of heart failure on September 9, 2020 in San Fernando, Pampanga at the age of 74.

Jakob Oetama

Jakob Oetama (27 September 1931 – 9 September 2020) was an Indonesian journalist. He was the co-founder and owner of Kompas Gramedia Group. He also created "Kompas Daily" in 1965, one of the leading newspapers of Indonesia. Oetama was born in Central Java.

Oetama died on 9 September 2020 in Jakarta at the age of 88.

Palme d'Or

The Palme d'Or (; ) is the highest prize awarded at the Cannes Film Festival. It was created in 1955 by the festival's organizing committee. 

The Palme d'Or is widely seen to be one of the most well known awards in the movie industry.

Deprisa, Deprisa

Deprisa, Deprisa () is a 1981 Spanish French drama movie directed by Carlos Saura and starring André Falcon, Yves Barsacq, Berta Socuéllamos Zarco, José Antonio Valdelomar, Jesús Arias Aranzueque.

Malayan weasel

The Malayan weasel ("Mustela nudipes") is a type of weasel. It is also called the Malay weasel. It is native to the Thai-Malay Peninsula and the islands of Sumatra and Borneo. It is a Least Concern species.

Bless This House

Bless This House is a British comedy series that first aired on British TV on the 2nd February, 1971 and ran for six series or seasons with its final episode airing on 22nd April, 1976. It ended after the death of its main star, "Sidney James." A film sequel was made in 1972 with the same title.

The programme centres on life in Birch Avenue, Putney, London, where stationery salesman Sid Abbott (Sidney James) and his wife Jean (Diana Coupland) live with their teenage children. Mike, the son, played by Robin Stewart, is fresh from art college and is more pre-occupied with protests than finding a job. The daughter, Sally, played by Sally Geeson, who is younger than Mike, is trendy and her parents are continually worried about her relationships with 'boys'. Sid and Jean constantly battle to comprehend the new generation's permissive ways and are usually out-of-touch. Their neighbours and best friends are Trevor (Anthony Jackson) and his wife Betty (Patsy Rowlands).

Filaret (Denysenko)

Patriarch Filaret (secular name "Mykhailo Antonovych Denysenko", born 23 January 1929) is the primate and Patriarch of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church – Kyiv Patriarchate. He has been the patriarch since 2019. Before, he was the patriarch between 1995 to 2018.

He was the honorary Patriarch of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine from 2018 to 2019, and the former Metropolitan of Kyiv of the Russian Orthodox Church between 1966 to 1992. He was defrocked and in 1997 excommunicated by the ROC. 

In March 2020, during a television interview, Filaret called the coronavirus pandemic a "divine punishment" for same-sex marriage. 

On 8 September 2020, Filaret tested positive for COVID-19 and pneumonia.

Ralph Gants

Ralph D. Gants (1954 – September 14, 2020) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. He was nominated by Governor Deval Patrick and sworn in on July 28, 2014. He became a justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Court in 2009. He was born in New Rochelle, New York.

On September 4, 2020 Gants was hospitalized after having a heart attack. He died on September 14 at the age of 66.

Chuck Woolery

Charles Herbert Woolery (born March 16, 1941) is an American game show host, talk show host, and musician. He was born in Ashland, Kentucky. 

Woolery was the original host of "Wheel of Fortune" (1975–1981), the original version of "Love Connection" (1983–1994), "Scrabble" (1984–1990, and during a brief revival in 1993), "Greed" on Fox from 1999 to 2000, and "Lingo" on Game Show Network from 2002 to 2007.

Thomas L. Steffen

Thomas L. Steffen (9 July 1930 – 1 September 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Supreme Court Justice in the state of Nevada from 1982 to 1997. He was nominated by Governor Robert List.

He studied at George Washington University where he graduated from in 1964. He began working in Bureau of Naval Weapons.

Steffen died on 1 September 2020 at the age of 90.

Abdul Qadir Bajamal

Abdul Qadir Bajamal (; February 18, 1946 – September 7, 2020) was a Yemeni politician. He was the Prime Minister of Yemen from 31 March 2001 to 7 April 2007. He was a member of the General People's Congress party. He also was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Yemen from 1998 to 2001.

Bajamal died on September 7, 2020 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates from problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 74.

Benedict To Varpin

Benedict To Varpin (24 July 1936 – 8 September 2020) was a New Papua Guinean Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1971. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina, Papua New Guinea from 1979 to 1987. He later became archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Madang, Papua New Guinea in 1987.

To Varpin died on 8 September 2020, aged 84.

George Bizos

George Bizos (14 November 1927 – 9 September 2020) was a Greek-born South African human rights lawyer. He campaigned against apartheid in South Africa, most notably during the Rivonia Trial. He was Nelson Mandela's lawyer.

Bizos died in Johannesburg on 9 September 2020, aged 92.

Cini Boeri

Cini Boeri (June 19, 1924 – September 9, 2020) was an Italian architect and designer. She was born in Milan. In the 1970s, Boeri began designing showrooms for Knoll in Europe and America.

She worked for many other design companies, including lighting company Artemide, furniture company Arflex, and the housewares company Rosenthal.

Boeri died at her home in Milan on September 9, 2020 at the age of 96.

Amos Luzzatto

Amos Luzzatto (3 June 1928 – 9 September 2020) was an Italian-Jewish writer and essayist. He was one of the most important representatives of Jewish Italian culture in the 20th century. He was teaching at the Rabbinical College in Padua and was an Italian representative of the "Wissenschaft des Judentums". He was born in Rome.

From June 1998 to February 2006, he was the President of the Union of Italian Jewish Communities.

Luzzatto died on 9 September 2020 in Venice, Italy at the age of 92.

Gerald Neal

Gerald Anthony Neal (born September 22, 1945) is a Democratic Party politician and lawyer. He is a member of the Kentucky Senate, representing District 33 since 1988. He is the first African-American man elected to the Kentucky Senate. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. 

Neal was hospitalized in Louisville with COVID-19 on September 7, 2020.

Dainty green tree frog

The dainty green tree frog, dainty frog or graceful tree frog ("Ranoidea gracilenta") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales.

This frog lives in forests. It sits on reeds and floating plants in bodies of water, but it also lives in places where people grow fruit. In the winter, it climbs up to the tops of trees and stays away from water. In warmer weather, the female frog lays eggs on stems of grass in the water. The tadpoles take 14 days to become frogs.

The adult frog is 4.5 cm long. The dainty green tree frog is bright green with orange eyes, yellow feet, and yellow color on its sides. It is related to "Ranoidea chloris".

Al Ahed FC

Al Ahed FC is a professional football club that plays in the Lebanese Premier League. They are based in Beirut, the capital city of Lebanon.

The club has won 1 AFC Cup title, 8 league titles, 6 Lebanese FA Cup titles, 8 Lebanese Super Cup titles, 5 Lebanese Elite Cup titles, and 1 Lebanese Federation Cup title. In 2019 they became the first club from Lebanon to win the AFC Cup.

Person of Interest (TV series)

Person of Interest is an American television series that aired on CBS from 2011 to 2016.

Lebanese Premier League

The Lebanese Premier League is the top league competition for Lebanese football. It is above the Lebanese Second Division. The competition started in 1934.

Numb3rs

Numbers is a television series that was broadcast on CBS from 2005 to 2010.

Lebanon women's national football team

The Lebanon women's national football team are a team who play women's association football for Lebanon. They have never qualified for the World Cup or the Asian Cup. They came third 2 times in the WAFF Championship.

Olive, New York

Olive is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The town is west of Kingston, New York and is inside the Catskill Park. The population was 4,226 at the 2020 census.

The hamlet of Olivebridge is located in the town of Olive.

Ronald Bell (musician)

Ronald Nathan Bell, also known as Khalis Bayyan, (November 1, 1951 – September 9, 2020) was an American composer, singer-songwriter, arranger and record producer. He was the co-founding member of Kool & the Gang. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio but was raised in West Orange, New Jersey. His career began in 1968.

Bell composed, arranged, produced and performed some of the most popular music. He wrote the songs "Ladies' Night" (1979) and "Celebration" (1980).

Bell died at his home in the United States Virgin Islands on September 9, 2020, at age 68.

2020 California wildfires

The 2020 California wildfire season was a series of wildfires that burned across the state of California in the United States.

As of September 9, 2020, a total of 7,606 fires have burned , making 2020 the largest wildfire season recorded in California history. 

Climate change has increased the risk of wildfires in California.

Killing of Daniel Prude

On March 23, 2020, Daniel Prude was fatally injured after being physically restrained by Rochester, New York police officers. 

Prude had been suffering from a mental health episode after taking PCP and was running naked in the city's streets. The officers put a spit hood over his head after he began spitting. They held him face down on the pavement for two minutes and fifteen seconds, and he stopped breathing. 

Prude received CPR on the scene and later died of problems caused from asphyxia after being taken off life support.

The autopsy report ruled Prude's death a homicide. The killing first received attention in September 2020 when the police body camera video and written reports were released along with the autopsy report. 

Following the report's release, protesters were outside the Rochester police headquarters. Many of the protests have been peaceful.

Letitia James, the Attorney General of New York, said Prude's death is being investigated. Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo said on September 2, 2020 that he had originally asked James to investigate the case in July.

Edgard Tupët-Thomé

Edgard Tupët-Thomé (19 April 1920 – 9 September 2020) was a French militant. He was in the Free French Forces. He was born in Bourg-la-Reine, France. 

He was one of the first men to join the Free French Forces, led by Charles de Gaulle. He parachuted into Châteauroux on 9 December 1941. However, he was injured during his landing, and was forced to leave combat. Six months later, he left France to seek treatment in England.

In January 1944, he became second in command of the 3rd Parachute Chasseur Regiment.

In 1945, Tupët-Thomé resigned from the French Armed Forces. He was admitted to the École nationale de la France d'Outre-Mer and became an administrator of colonies in French Tunisia in January 1946.

He was honored with the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour and was named a Companion of the Liberation.

Tupët-Thomé died in Paris on 9 September 2020 at the age of 100.

Rodney Litchfield

Rodney Litchfield (1939 – 5 September 2020) was an English actor. He was born in Wigan, Lancashire. His career began in 1983. He was known for his role was Wilfred Morton in the television series "Coronation Street". He also played Tommy in "Early Doors".

He also appeared in shows like "Juliet Bravo", "A Touch of Frost", "Cracker", "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates", "Heartbeat", and "Peter Kay's Phoenix Nights".

Litchfield died on 5 September 2020, aged 81.

You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger

You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger is a 2010 American Spanish romantic comedy drama movie directed by Woody Allen and starring Anthony Hopkins, Josh Brolin, Antonio Banderas, Gemma Jones, Naomi Watts, Anna Friel, Philip Glenister, Pauline Collins, Celia Imrie, Roger Ashton-Griffiths. It was distributed by Sony Pictures Classics.

Hong Kong Cantonese

Hong Kong Cantonese is a type of the Cantonese language, in the Sino-Tibetan language family. It is the official native language in Hong Kong. A similar language is also spoken in Macau, China.

Labyrinth of Passion

Labyrinth of Passion () is a 1982 Spanish comedy movie directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Cecilia Roth, Imanol Arias, Helga Liné, Marta Fernández Muro, Antonio Banderas.

Sravani Kondapalli

Sravani Kondapalli was a Telugu television actress. In her eight-year-long career, she appeared in TV shows such as "Manasu Mamata" and "Mounaragam".

On 08 September 2020, Sravani was found dead at her home in Hyderabad. Her death was reported to have been a suicide by hanging. She was 26.

Siberian weasel

The Siberian weasel ("Mustela sibirica") is a type of weasel. It is also called kolonok. It is native to Asia. It lives in a lot of forest habitats and open places. It is a least concern species.

Stripe-backed weasel

The stripe-backed weasel ("Mustela strigidorsa") is a species of weasel. It is also called the back-striped weasel. It is native to Southeastern Asia. It is a least concern species.

Civic virtue

Civic virtue is the gathering of routine behaviour important for the success of the community.

Hydrostatic paradox

The hydrostatic paradox is a phenomenon in fluid mechanics where the pressure at a point in a static fluid is independent of the shape of the container but only depends on the depth of the point below the surface of the fluid. This means that the pressure at a given depth is equal in all directions, regardless of the shape of the container or the location of the point within it. The hydrostatic paradox is a fundamental principle in fluid mechanics and has important applications in engineering and physics.

The hydrostatic paradox was first discovered by Blaise Pascal in 1647. He found that pressure in a fluid increases with depth and is transmitted equally in all directions. This principle was later expanded upon by Daniel Bernoulli, who developed Bernoulli’s principle, which states that as the speed of a fluid increases, its pressure decreases.

The hydrostatic paradox is based on Archimedes’ principle, which states that an object immersed in a fluid is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the displaced fluid. This principle was first described by Archimedes in his work "On Floating Bodies". 

The hydrostatic paradox has important applications in engineering, particularly in hydraulic systems. According to "Fluid Mechanics: Fundamentals and Applications" (Print) by Yunus A. Cengel and John M. Cimbala, hydraulic systems use fluids to transmit power from one location to another. The pressure generated by a hydraulic system is determined by the depth of the fluid and is independent of the shape of the container or the location of the point within it.

The hydrostatic paradox also has important applications in physics. According to "Physics for Scientists and Engineers" by Douglas Giancoli, hydrostatic pressure is used to measure atmospheric pressure and to determine the density of objects.

Egyptian weasel

The Egyptian weasel ("Mustela subpalmata") is a type of weasel. It only lives in northern Egypt. It is a least concern species.

NGC 4578

NGC 4578 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation. It is located about 55 million light-years away.

Henry Russell (explorer)

Henry Russell was a French explorer born in Toulouse in 1834. He died in Biarritz in 1909 and was buried in Pau, in France. 

His father was from Ireland, but his mother was from the South-West of France. 

When he was 24 years old, he began to climb the Pyrenees mountains. When he got lost in the mountains in Gavarnie, he almost died because of a big storm on that night. 

At the same time, he made two trips in the world: the first in North-America and the second in Russia, in China, in Australia and in India. 

However when he was 27, he decided to stay in the Pyrenees until the end of his life, from 1861 to 1909.

He is famous especially for the first ascents of a lot of peaks, alone or with companions. 

What is the most famous aspect in his life is his love for the highest French mountain of Pyrenees called Vignemale (3293m). He climbed this peak thirty-third times, and the last time was in 1904, when he was 70 years old. He loved it so much that he wanted to become the owner of it. In 1888, he asked the prefect, who granted him a concession for 99 years. The price was 1 franc per year. Also, he dug near the top 7 caves to stay in during the summer and to invite his friends. He organized several banquets in these caves with a lot of famous people. The last cave was 'The Cave of Paradise'. It was only 18 meters under the top. Today we can still see these caves above the glacier of Vignemale.

Eurasian otter

The Eurasian otter ("Lutra lutra") is a type of otter. It is also called the European otter, Eurasian river otter, common otter, and Old World otter. It is native to Eurasia. It is found in the rivers and coasts of Europe. It is also found in many parts of Asia, and parts of northern Africa. The Eurasian otter mainly eats fish.

Henry Russell

Henry Russell may refer to:


Hairy-nosed otter

The hairy-nosed otter ("Lutra sumatrana") is a type of otter. It only lives in Southeast Asia. It is threatened by loss of natural resources and poaching.

Spotted-necked otter

The spotted-necked otter ("Hydrictis maculicollis") is a type of otter. It is also called the speckle-throated otter. It is native to sub-Saharan Africa.

Smooth-coated otter

The smooth-coated otter ("Lutrogale perspicillata") is a type of otter. It is found in India and Southeast Asia, and in Iraq. It is a vulnerable species. It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution of wetlands and poaching.

Southern river otter

The southern river otter ("Lontra provocax") is a type of otter. It is found in Chile and Argentina. It lives in both saltwater and freshwater environments. It is an endangered species because of poaching, water pollution, and habitat loss.

Southern New Guinea tree frog

The Southern New Guinea tree frog ("Ranoidea impura") is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives on the southeastern part of the island, no more than 500 meters above sea level.

Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle

The Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle, Hoan Kiem turtle or Red River giant soft-shell turtle ("Rafetus swinhoei") is a turtle that lives in Asia. Very few of these turtles are alive today: Human beings know about only four. It is one of the most endangered animals in the world.

What was the last known female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle died in a Suzhou zoo in China in 2019. Another female was found in Vietnam in October 2020. Scientists tested her DNA and then put her back in the lake.

This leaves four turtles alive: One male turtle living in Suzhou Shangfangshan Forest Zoo, the female turtle in Dong Mo Lake in Vietnam, perhaps another one in Dong Mo Lake, and another one in Xuan Khanh Lake in Vietnam. Scientists don't know whether the Xuan Khanh lake turtle is male or female. Scientist Tim McCormack thinks the two lake turtles became trapped when people built dams on their rivers. Scientists say there might be more in other lakes and rivers. Some scientists have gone on boats to look for them.

This turtle is very big with a pointy noise that it can use to breathe while keeping most of its body hidden underwater. Scientists do not know much about the way it acts in the wild because there are so few left. It is the largest turtle that lives in fresh water instead of sea water. It has a long, flat body. It can weigh 150 to 220 kilograms (330 to 485 pounds).

The female can lay 30 or 40 eggs at a time, more than once each year.

The Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle used to live in the Red River in China and in many parts of Vietnam in the flood plain from the Yangtze River. It became endangered because humans built roads, buildings and dams where the turtle likes to live and because of pollution. It also became endangered because people would catch the turtle to eat it and its eggs and to sell turtles as pets. Illegal hunters also catch the turtle to sell its body parts as ingredients for traditional Chinese medicine. 

In Vietnamese culture, the Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle stands for Kim Qui, the Great Turtle God. In the story, the Dragon King gave a special sword called Heaven's Will to a Vietnamese hero. The hero was Emperor Lê Lợi. Emperor Lê Lợi used Heaven's Will to free Vietnam from the Chinese. Then Emperor Lê Lợi had to give Heaven's Will back to the Dragon King. He gave it to Kim Qui to give to him.

In 2007, scientists found a female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle in a zoo in Changsha. The turtle had been there for more than fifty years, before Yangtze giant soft-shell turtles became rare. The people in the zoo knew she was a large, female turtle but not that she had become one of the rarest on Earth. The deputy director of the zoo was attending a conference about tigers and went to the speech about turtles for fun. He saw they were talking about the same kind of turtle as the one in his zoo.

The people in Changsha knew they had a large turtle in their zoo, but they didn't know it was a Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle. A circus performer had sold her to the zoo in the 1950s. They gave her raw meat to eat. The raw meat kept her body healthy, but it was not good for eggs. She laid eggs every year, but they never hatched. This was because no male turtle had fertilized them. It was also because she needed to eat foods with more calcium. Raw meat did not have enough.

When people heard the Changsha turtle was a female Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle, they did not bring her to Suzhou right away. Both cities wanted the other turtle brought to them. They did not want to send their turtle to another city. Turtles are important symbols of living a long time in China, so the people of Changsha did not want to give her away. After a long time, the two zoos agreed. The female would come to Changsha and that they would share the baby turtles. In 2008, people moved the female turtle from the Changsha Zoo to Suzhou Shangfangshan Forest Zoo.

The first year, the female turtle laid many eggs, and about half of them were fertilized. None hatched. Some of the eggs had very thin shells. The zookeepers saw there was not enough calcium in the food the turtle was eating. They fed her different foods with more calcium. Then they saw that visitors to the zoo were throwing food and garbage into the turtle's lake. They did this even though there were big signs saying not to.

The other problem was that the male turtle's penis was not good. Years earlier, he had fought with another turtle. His penis was damaged, so he could not have sex very well. Starting in 2015, the zookeepers collected the male turtle's male reproductive liquid and placed it inside the female using medical tools. Again, the female turtle laid eggs, but none hatched. The scientists tried something different every year. In 2019, the female turtle died because she did not wake up from the medicine the zookeepers gave her to make her sleep during the medical process. The zookeepers cut out and froze tissue from her female reproductive organs.

Fort William, Highlands

Fort William ( ; "The Garrison") is in the Scottish Highlands. It is a town in the area of Lochaber on the eastern shore of Loch Linnhe. 

In 2011, Fort William had a population of about 10,500. It is the second largest settlement in the Highland council area, and the second largest settlement in the whole of the Scottish Highlands. Only the city of Inverness has a larger population.

Fort William is a major tourist centre. It has Glen Coe to the south, to the east and Glenfinnan to the west, on the Road to the Isles. 

Fort William is a centre for hillwalking and climbing. It is near Ben Nevis and other Munro mountains. It is the start and end of travel to the north-east or south-west.

About 700 people (~7% of the population) can speak Gaelic.
Geologically, the town sits on the Great Glen Fault, the most striking feature of Scotland on the map. The fault runs from the south-west to the north-east of Scotland.

2012–13 United States network television schedule

The 2012–13 network television schedule for the six major English-language commercial broadcast networks in the United States covers primetime hours from September 2012 through August 2013. The schedule is followed by a list per network of returning series, new series, and series canceled after the 2011–12 season.

Note: "Community" and "Whitney" were originally scheduled, respectively, to air at 8:00 PM and 8:30 PM on NBC.

Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:
Returning series
New series
Returning series
New series
Not returning from 2011–12:


















NGC 7007

NGC 7007 is a lenticular galaxy in the Indus constellation. It is located about 130 million light-years away from Earth.

Sweet Hours (Dulces horas)

Sweet Hours (Dulces horas) is a 1982 Spanish French drama movie directed by Carlos Saura and starring Iñaki Aierra, Assumpta Serna, Álvaro de Luna, Jacques Lalande, Alicia Hermida, Alicia Sánchez.

Louisiana College

Louisiana College (LC) is a private Baptist college in Pineville, Louisiana. About 1,300 students are enrolled. 

Although the college is part of a group of Southern Baptist churches, which make up the membership of the Louisiana Baptist Convention, students do not have to be a member of that specific church or other churches.

The school colors are orange and blue, and the athletic teams are known as the Wildcats and Lady Wildcats.

Vada pav

Vada pav is a vegetarian fast food dish native to the state of Maharashtra.The dish consists of a deep fried potato dumpling placed inside a bread bun ("pav") sliced almost in half through the middle. It is generally accompanied with one or more chutneys and a green chilli pepper.

"Batata vada" in Marathi literally means "potato fritter"."Pav" is a derivative of the Portuguese word "pão", which means bread.

Boiled potato is mashed and mixed with chopped green chilli and garlic, mustard seeds, and spices (usually asafoetida and turmeric). The mass is then shaped into a ball, dipped into gram flour batter and deep fried. The resultant fritter is served by placing inside a bread bun, accompanied with one or more chutneys and fried green chilli.

Alan Minter

Alan Sydney Minter (17 August 1951 – 9 September 2020) was a British professional boxer. He competed from 1972 to 1981. He held the undisputed middleweight title in 1980. He was born in Crawley, West Sussex.

He held the British middleweight title from 1975 to 1976, and the European middleweight title twice between 1977 and 1979. Minter won a bronze medal in the light-middleweight division at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Minter died of cancer on 9 September 2020, aged 69.

Vadivel Balaji

Vadivel Balaji (17 February 1975 – 10 September 2020) was an Indian Tamil television comedian and actor. He received the nickname Vadivel. Balaji was born in Madurai, Tamil Nadu.

He was well known for his works in "Yaaruda Mahesh" (2013) and "Kolamavu Kokila" (2018). He also took part as a contestant in the eighth season of the reality television show "Jodi Number One".

Balaji died from a stroke on 10 September 2020 in Chennai at the age of 45.

Gerald Blidstein

Gerald Blidstein (1938 – September 10, 2020) was an Israeli educator. He was a Professor Emeritus at Israel's Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. He was the Israel Prize winner in Law (2006). In 2007, he became a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences. 

Blidstein died on September 10, 2020 at the age of 82.

Gienek Loska

Gienek Loska (; 8 January 1975 – 9 September 2020) was a Belarusian-born Polish singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was born in Byelaazyorsk, Belarus. He won the first series of "X Factor" in 2011. Loska was the co-founder and longtime member of the blues-rock band "Seven B".

Loska died on 9 September 2020 in Byelaazyorsk from a stroke, aged 45.

Pamela L. Reeves

Pamela Lynn Reeves (July 21, 1954 – September 10, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. She was the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee from 2019 until her death. She was the first female judge to serve in the Eastern District. Reeves was born in Marion, Virginia. She was nominated to the court by President Barack Obama in 2014.

Reeves died on September 10, 2020 from cancer, aged 66.

Franco Maria Ricci

Franco Maria Ricci (December 2, 1937 – September 10, 2020) was an Italian art publisher and magazine editor. He was known for his publication on "FMR", a Milan-based bi-monthly art magazine published in Italian, English, German, French, and Spanish for over 27 years. 

He was known for having created limited editions honoring particular independent artists. He would use tinted handmade paper and black silk-bound hardcovers with silver or gold lettering stamping.

Ricci died on September 10, 2020 from a heart attack in Milan at the age of 82.


Leen van der Waal

Van der Waal died in Ridderkerk on September 10, 2020 at the age of 91.


François Lalande

François Lalande (29 November 1930 – 1 September 2020) was an Algerian-born French actor. He had performed in the theatre, on television, and movies. He was born in Mostaganem, French Algeria. Lalande was known for his roles as Monsieur Ribeaux in "Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo" (1977) and as Mr. Levert in "French Postcards" (1979).

Lalande died on 1 September 2020 in Paris, aged 89.

Betty Caywood

Betty Caywood Bushman (March 10, 1931 – September 3, 2020) was an American sportscaster. She was one of the first female Major League Baseball broadcasters. She gave color commentary on radio broadcasts for the Kansas City Athletics in September, 1964. Caywood was born in Chicago.

Caywood, then known as Betty Caywood Bushman, returned to the baseball broadcast booth on August 16, 2008, joining the WHB radio broadcast of games for the independent baseball team, the Kansas City T-Bones.

Caywood died on September 3, 2020 at the age of 89.

Disappearance of Rebecca Coriam

Early on the morning of 22 March 2011, Rebecca Coriam (born 11 March 1987), a British crewmember on the cruise ship "Disney Wonder", having an emotional phone call while worried and wearing men's clothing. Several hours later, she missed the beginning of her work shift and could not be located anywhere aboard the ship.

Her disappearance was the first such incident in the history of Disney Cruise Line.

The case remains under investigation, and her whereabouts since the phone conversation have not been discovered. Her parents believe that Disney are hiding certain facts of her disappearance. Her family settled a lawsuit against Disney out of court in 2016.

Lynn Carlin

Mary Lynn Carlin (née Reynolds; born January 31, 1938) is an American actress. She is best known for her debut role in the movie "Faces" (1968), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award. 

Carlin was born in Los Angeles. Her career lasted between 1968 to 1987. 

Before acting, she was a professional secretary. She is the first nonprofessional to be nominated for an Academy Award.

Roy Kinnear

Roy Mitchell Kinnear (8 January 1934 – 20 September 1988) was a British actor. Kinnear was born in Wigan, Lancashire.

He was known for his roles in movies directed by Richard Lester; including Algernon in The Beatles "Help!" (1965), Clapper in "How I Won the War" (1967) and Planchet in "The Three Musketeers" (1973). He also played Henry Salt in the 1971 movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory".

Kinnear died on 20 September 1988 from a heart attack after injuring himself while riding a horse in Madrid, aged 54.

Julie Sommars

Juliana Edith "Julie" Sommars (born April 15, 1942) is an American actress. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in "The Governor & J.J." in 1970. She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for "Matlock" in 1990.

Indian Lake, New York

Indian Lake is a town in Hamilton County, New York, United States. The population was 1,363 at the 2020 census. The name is from a lake of the same name that is largely inside the town. 

Lake Pleasant (hamlet), New York

Lake Pleasant, New York is a hamlet in the town of Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County, New York, United States. This community is the county seat of Hamilton County.

Lake Pleasant, New York

Lake Pleasant is a town in Hamilton County, New York, United States. The population was 897 at the 2020 census. It has the hamlet of Lake Pleasant, the county seat of Hamilton County.

Sasebo slashing

The was the murder of a 12-year-old Japanese schoolgirl, , by an 11-year-old female classmate known as "Girl A". 

The murder happened on June 1, 2004, at an elementary school located in Higashiokubocho, Sasebo, Nagasaki Prefecture. The murderer slit Mitarai's throat and arms with a box cutter.

The slashing became an Internet memes and led to people talk about lowering the age of criminal responsibility in Japan. The killer's real name has not been released to the press. 

The murderer was nicknamed "Nevada-tan" because a class photograph showed a girl believed to be her wearing a University of Nevada, Reno sweatshirt.

However, the girl's real name was accidentally revealed on a Fuji TV broadcast and members of Japanese internet community 2channel further publicized her identity on June 18, 2004.

University of Nevada, Reno

The University of Nevada, Reno (Nevada, the University of Nevada, or UNR) is a public research university in Reno, Nevada. It was founded on October 12, 1874 in Elko, Nevada. It is a land grant institution in the state of Nevada.

It is home to the state's first medical school. 

According to the National Science Foundation, UNR spent $144 million on research and development in 2018, ranking it 139th in the nation.

Kosovo and Serbia Economic Normalization agreements (2020)

The Kosovo and Serbia Economic Normalization agreements are two separate documents.

One was signed by the Prime Minister of Kosovo Avdullah Hoti and the other by the President of Serbia Aleksandar Vučić on September 4, 2020 at the White House while President Donald Trump was watching. 

Both sides had already agreed to the items in the documents, many focused on the two countries fixing their economic trade agreements.

Avdullah Hoti

Avdullah Hoti (born 4 February 1976) is a Kosovar politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kosovo from 3 June 2020 until 22 March 2021. He was the Minister of Finance between 2014 and 2017 in the PDK/LDK coalition government.

Prime Minister of Kosovo

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Kosovo (, Serbian: /) is the head of government of Kosovo.


Ilija Vakić

Ilija Vakić (; born 30 July 1932) is a Serbian politician. He was Chairman of the Executive Council of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija within SFR Yugoslavia from May 1967 to May 1974. 

He was a member of the League of Communists of Kosovo. He was replaced by Bogoljub Nedeljković.

Hashim Thaçi

Hashim Thaçi (; ; born 24 April 1968) is a Kosovar politician.

He was the President of Kosovo from April 2016 until November 2020. He was the first Prime Minister of Kosovo and the Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister in the new cabinet led by Isa Mustafa.

President of Kosovo

The President of Kosovo (, ), officially styled the President of the Republic of Kosovo (, ), is the head of state and chief representative of the Republic of Kosovo in the country and abroad.

The President is elected indirectly, by the Assembly of Kosovo, in a secret ballot by a two-thirds majority of deputies.


 




Jakup Krasniqi

Jakup Krasniqi (born 1 January 1951) is a Kosovar politician. He was the Acting President of Kosovo twice between September 2010 to February 2011 and again in April 2011. He was Chairman of the Assembly of Kosovo between 2007 and 2014.

Pav bhaji

Pav bhaji is a fast food dish from India. It consists of a thick vegetable curry served with a soft bread roll. Its origins are in the state of Maharashtra.

Read more... Chicken dry fry recipe
The dish originated in the 1850s as lunchtime fast food for textile mill workers in Mumbai. Pav bhaji was later served at restaurants throughout the city. Pav bhaji is now available at different types of food providers, from simple pushcarts to formal restaurants. It may be found outside of India.


Fatmir Sejdiu

Fatmir Sejdiu (born 23 October 1951) is a Kosovar politician. He was the leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) and was the first President of Kosovo between 2006 and 2010.

Behgjet Pacolli

Behgjet Isa Pacolli (born 30 August 1951) is a Kosovar politician and businessman. He was the First Deputy Prime Minister of Kosovo and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2017 to 2019 under the Ramush Haradinaj's government. Pacolli was the President of Kosovo between February 2011 to April 2011. Pacolli was one of the signatories of 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence.

This Man

This Man, according to a website created in 2008 by Italian marketer Andrea Natella named Ever Dream This Man?, was a person who was claimed to have been repeatedly seen in dreams by the whole world since 2006, but was never found in real life.

Natella created the site in 2008, but it was not until October 2009 that it gained attention from the press and online internet users. 

This Man's became an internet meme that spoofed flyers of the website, references in movies and television shows like "The X-Files", and a manga series based on the hoax by "Weekly Shōnen Magazine".

El Dorado (1988 movie)

El Dorado is a 1988 Spanish French Italian drama movie directed by Carlos Saura and starring Omero Antonutti, Lambert Wilson, Eusebio Poncela, Gabriela Roel, Inés Sastre, José Sancho, Féodor Atkine.

A Walk in the Clouds

A Walk in the Clouds is a 1995 American Mexican romantic drama movie directed by Alfonso Arau and starring Keanu Reeves, Anthony Quinn, Debra Messing, Aitana Sánchez-Gijón, Giancarlo Giannini. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Times

The Times is a center-right British daily national newspaper published in London. It is the earliest newspaper still being published. It began in 1785 under the title The Daily Universal Register. It got its present name on 1 January 1788. 
"The Times" and "The Sunday Times" (founded in 1821) are published by Times Newspapers. They are a subsidiary of News UK, which is wholly owned by News Corp. "The Times" and "The Sunday Times" do not share editorial staff. They were founded independently, and have only had common ownership since 1966.
"The Times" is the first newspaper to have borne that name. The name has been copied by other papers around the world, such as "The Times of India" and "The New York Times". In countries where these other titles are popular, the newspaper is often referred to as , or as . 

"The Times" had an average daily circulation of 417,298 in January 2019. In the same period, "The Sunday Times" had an average weekly circulation of 712,291. An American edition of "The Times" has been published since 6 June 2006. "The Times" is often used by scholars and researchers because it is a reliable source, it is in many libraries and has a detailed index. A complete historical file of the digitised paper, up to 2010, is online from Gale Cengage Learning.

Neotropical otter

The neotropical otter or neotropical river otter ("Lontra longicaudis") is a type of otter. It is found in Central America, South America and the island of Trinidad. The average length of the neotropical otter is from 36–66 centimetres (14–26 in). It weighs from 5–15 kilograms (11–33 lb).

Marine otter

The marine otter ("Lontra felina") is a type of otter. The marine otter only lives in saltwater, coastal environments. It rarely goes into freshwater or estuarine habitats.

Giant otter

The giant otter or giant river otter ("Pteronura brasiliensis") is a type of otter. It is the longest type of mustelid. It can grow up to 1.7 metres (5.6 ft). The giant otter is diurnal. It is the noisiest type of otter. The giant otter is the largest type of otter in the world.

The Sims Bowling

The Sims Bowling is a mobile game in the series "of The Sims", developed by EA Games for devices iPod and later mobile phones. The game was released on July 18, 2007. The game itself is a reworked version of the successful 2004 JAMDAT Bowling bowling simulator . "The Sims Bowling" combines a life simulator with a bowling game, where the player must collect points by playing bowling in different game modes in order to set up their home and buy bowling equipment.

Critics have given mixed opinions about the game, on the one hand they praised "The Sims Bowling" for its high-quality graphics and varied gameplay, but criticized the game physics, especially behavior of pins, called it outdated, but the gameplay is not deep enough . 

The game begins with the player creating a male or female character, choosing a suitable hairstyle and clothing for him. The controlled Sim then comes to the bowling alley to compete against other NPCs. Control is carried out in the first person, the player determines the location of the ball and with what force he should throw it. The ultimate goal of the player is to win with a score of 300.

The game also introduces the so-called life goal, in particular the sim dreams of becoming the star of the bowling alley, the sim's aspiration level increases with the player's skill. There are also four different game modes in "The Sims Bowling" : Classic - a casual bowling game, Strike-o-thon - which counts how many hits the player can hit, and Spare-o-thon - the same for the substitutes. The player can also practice, this mode allows you to develop a strategy for solving difficult situations, such as, for example, 7-10 splits. The player can also compete with another player in the Pass' n Play mode, passing in turn the phone to make a move . There is also a "Bowl Now" mode, which instantly introduces a random opponent into the game with multiplayer support, for example, in devices such as the LG VX8100 or Samsung M610. The iPod version is only compatible with 5th generation devices .

With the funds received, the player can buy new clothes or new bowling equipment purchased at the store in the alley. These are new balls, bowling gloves, and so on. As the Sim becomes a regular customer over time, the store owner will even give him some tips. As your Sim succeeds on the lane, they will be endowed with various privileges, such as getting a better paid job and then being able to invest in additional equipment for bowling . The player can, among other things, visit his home and furnish it with new purchased items, such as a widescreen TV, an air hockey table or a dance floor. The game also features familiar characters from other "The Sims games", such as Don Lothario. 

Even before the creation of the game, in 2004 the game JAMDAT Bowling enjoyed great success in the mobile market, which was then acquired by Electronic Arts . It was expected that this would make the game even more famous, but it disappeared from sales, nevertheless EA released its modified version with updated graphics and additional gameplay on top, also linking with the "The Sims" brand. Back then EA Games expressed an interest in adapting "The Sims" for iPods, with the developers arguing that "The Sims Bowling is a game that reflects the character of The Sims while being an elaborate bowling game for the iPod."

The official announcement of the iPod game took place on July 12, 2007. The game has positioned itself as a combination of a life simulator and bowling, allowing you to spend the money you receive on different equipment and playing in different modes. The game was available for purchase in the games sections of iTunes. Then it became known that the game was developed specifically for the fifth generation iPod.

The game was released on July 18, 2007. Despite the mixed assessment of critics, users generally rated the game positively. It eventually became the sixth overall released for the iPod and is remembered as one of the first games released for this platform .

In August 2008, it became known that Electronic Arts had entered into a contract with Handango, Inc., the world's leading provider of mobile games, to distribute its mobile games, including "The Sims Bowling" . The game was available for symbian devices with support for English, French, Italian, German and Spanish.

Peter Cohen, a Macworld critic, noted that before the iPod was only arcade or puzzle games, "The Sims Bowling" turned out to be a different game, and more than just bowling with "The Sims" . Despite the apparently simple concept of the game, it still remains a life simulator as its name suggests. The reviewer even argued that bowling is not the most difficult part of the game, since the player will eventually get used to the controls, it will not be difficult for him to play and he will defeat any rivals without any problems . The critic also praised the game for its graphics and music quality. The game has its own and pleasant soundtrack, as well as the ability for the player to choose what he wants to listen to, or even turn it off. In general, the critic called the game a combination of a life simulator with bowling, an enjoyable, but not too difficult game.

A critic of IGN saw a clear resemblance to JAMDAT Bowling in the game, "The Sims Bowling itself is" actually a remaster of the 2004 game. In the end, as a critic has noted, the game engine in the game feels outdated. The reviewer also pointed out that the combination of bowling and "The Sims is" also implemented strangely, on the one hand, the critic praised the game for the fact that it allows you to create and customize a character, but the aspiration system ceases to bring any meaning over time. The game loaded very slowly on Sony Ericsson W810 . Although the game's design and graphics are good, the game experience is spoiled by the poor physics of pins falling. Nevertheless, the critic ended up giving 7 points out of ten, praising the game for the presence of different modes and multiplayer mode, and even despite the outdated engine, it pleasantly surprises with its graphics and functional gameplay.

A more restrained review was left by Chris James of the Pocket Gamer website, who noted that not all games of the high-profile franchise, like films, can be considered successful. This can be seen in the example of the quite successful "The Sims 2 Mobile", and the unsuccessful The Sims 2 Pets Mobile and the same "The Sims Bowling" . Not that one would come to that conclusion at first glance, as the game is quite up to EA quality and standards. The visuals turned out to be quite brilliant and neat animations, and the critic praised the game for its control. However, the problems start with in-game physics, which gives the impression that the ball is rolling on the sides, rather than rolling forward, and after changing the camera perspective, it seems that the ball is flying almost at the speed of a bullet, and the pins also fall very quickly. This annoyed the critic very much, he noticed that the imperfection of physics led even to bizarre incidents, such as pins spinning on the floor through other pins, or they could even bounce. The reviewer also noticed that there is no real competition in the game, and the purchased items just aren't enough motivation to keep the player interested. The critic summed up that undoubtedly the game will be downloaded by many avid "The Sims" fans "for show", but the game is not worth its name and the critic advised instead to play Midnight Bowling ). 

Asian small-clawed otter

The Asian small-clawed otter ("Aonyx cinereus") is a type of otter. It is also called the oriental small-clawed otter or simply small-clawed otter. It is native to South and Southeast Asia. It is the smallest type of otter in the world. It is also the smallest type of otter in Asia. It eats molluscs, crabs and other small aquatic animals.

The Asian small-clawed otter lives in mangrove swamps and freshwater wetlands in South and Southeast Asia. It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution, and hunting in some places. It is a vulnerable species.

Patricia Thiel

Patricia A. Thiel (February 20, 1953 – September 7, 2020) was an American chemist and materials scientist. She was a Distinguished Professor of Chemistry at Iowa State University. She was known for her research on atomic-scale structures. Thiel was born in Adrian, Minnesota. 

In 2019, she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

Thiel died on September 7, 2020 in Ames, Iowa at the age of 67.

Adrian, Minnesota

Adrian is a city in Nobles County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,194 at the 2020 census.

Worthington, Minnesota

Worthington is a city in and the county seat of Nobles County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 13,947 at the 2020 census.

African clawless otter

The African clawless otter ("Aonyx capensis") is a type of otter. It is also called the Cape clawless otter or groot otter. It is the largest type of otter that live in Africa. It is also the second-largest type of otter that live in freshwater. African clawless otters are found near permanent bodies of water in savannah and lowland forest areas. They found in most of sub-Saharan Africa, except for the Congo River basin and arid places.

Disappearance of Maura Murray

Maura Murray (born May 4, 1982) is an American woman who disappeared on the evening of February 9, 2004, after a car crash on Route 112 near Woodsville, New Hampshire, a village in the town of Haverhill. No one knows where she is. She was a 21-year-old nursing student finishing her junior year at the University of Massachusetts Amherst at the time of her disappearance.

Police traced the vehicle to Murray, and treated her as a missing person. Some people believed Murray either committed suicide or was murdered. 

In 2009, Murray's case was given to the New Hampshire cold case division.

Woodsville, New Hampshire

Woodsville is a census-designated place (CDP) and the largest village in the town of Haverhill in Grafton County, New Hampshire, U.S.. The population was 1,431 at the 2020 census.

University of Massachusetts Amherst

The University of Massachusetts Amherst (UMass Amherst, UMass) is a university in Amherst, Massachusetts. UMass Amherst has an annual enrollment of about 1,300 faculty members and more than 30,000 students.

The university offers academic degrees in 109 undergraduate, 77 master's and 48 doctoral programs.

According to the National Science Foundation, UMass spent $211 million on research and development in 2018, ranking it 111th in the nation.

Carlos Saura

Carlos Saura Atarés (4 January 1932 – 10 February 2023) was a Spanish movie director, photographer and writer. Along with Luis Buñuel and Pedro Almodóvar, he was seen as Spain’s three most renowned filmmakers. He was born in Huesca, Spain.

He was known for directing in "Los Golfos", "La Caza", "Peppermint Frappé", "Honeycomb", "Ana and the Wolves", "La Prima Angélica", "Cría Cuervos", "Elisa, Vida Mía", "Deprisa, Deprisa", "Carmen", "Tango" and "Goya in Bordeaux".

Between 1967 to 1979, he was in a partnership with Geraldine Chaplin. In 1991, he won two Goya Awards.

Saura died of respiratory failure on 10 February 2023 in Madrid, Spain at the age of 91.


Raphael Warnock

Raphael Gamaliel Warnock (born July 23, 1969) is an American pastor and politician. He is the Junior United States Senator from Georgia since 2021.

He has been the senior pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta since 2005, the same church Martin Luther King Jr. was pastor for. 

Warnock ran in the 2020 Senate special election in Georgia against Senator Kelly Loeffler. In November 2020, Loeffler and Warnock advanced to the January 5, 2021 run-off election where he would go on to beat Loeffler. He later defeated former football player Herschel Walker in the 2022 runoff election.

Warnock was born in Savannah, Georgia.

Assis (footballer, born 1943)

Francisco de Assis Luz Silva (4 October 1943 – 9 September 2020) was a Brazilian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Ananindeua, Brazil.

He played for Clube do Remo between 1960 to 1967. He also played for Fluminense FC between 1968 to 1975. From 1976 to 1977, he played for Sport Club do Recife. In 1978, he played for Ceará Sporting Club.

Assis Luz Silva died on 9 September 2020, aged 76.

Clube do Remo

Clube do Remo (), or Remo, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football club from Belém in Pará. It was founded on 5 February 1905.


Congo clawless otter

The Congo clawless otter ("Aonyx congicus") is a type of otter. It is also called the Cameroon clawless otter.

The Congo clawless otter is found in Cameroon, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Burundi, Central African Republic, Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria, Rwanda, or Uganda. It lives in different habitats such as subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, subtropical or tropical swamps, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, rivers, intermittent rivers, swamps, freshwater lakes, freshwater marshes, freshwater spring, river deltas, saltwater lakes, saltwater marshes, rocky shores, sandy shores, estuary, intertidal flats, intertidal marshes, coastal saltwater lagoons, coastal freshwater lagoons, ponds, canals and ditches. It is threatened by habitat loss.

Nicki Clyne

Nicki Clyne is a Canadian actress. She played Cally Henderson Tyrol on the Sci-Fi Channel television series "Battlestar Galactica".


Wildlife of Afghanistan

Afghanistan is a country that has lots of amazing animals. Many of the large mammals in Afghanistan are threatened. These include the snow leopard, Marco Polo sheep, Siberian musk deer, markhor, urial, and the Asiatic black bear. Most of the Marco Polo sheep and ibex are being killed for food. While wolves, snow leopards and bears are being killed for prevent damage.

Here is a list of the animals that live in Afghanistan. They are:


Detective vs Sleuths

Detective vs Sleuths () is a 2022 Hong Kong crime thriller movie directed by Wai Kar Fai. It stars Sean Lau, Lam Fung and Charlene Choi.

Media (communication)

Media in communications are the tools used to deliver information or data. 

It includes mass media such as newspapers, photography, cinema, broadcasting (radio and television) and advertising.

Diamond is Unbreakable

JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable (ジョジョの奇妙な冒険：ダイヤモンドは砕けない/Jojonokimyōnabōken: Daiyamondo Wa Kudakenai) is the 4th story arc of the manga and anime JoJo's Bizarre Adventure created by Hirohiko Araki. The story follows the adventures of Josuke Higashikata, Koichi Hirose, Okuyasu Nijimura, Jotaro Kujo and Joseph Joestar as they try defeating the killer, Yoshikage Kira.

Jungguy frog

The jungguy frog ("Ranoidea jungguy") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland.

This frog lives in rainforests near the Barron River and east to the Mirray River. Some of these frogs also live near the Broken River.

The adult male frog is 3.1 to 4.8 cm long and the adult female frog is 4.4 to 7.1 cm long. This frog is light brown with darker brown marks. Some males turn partially yellow during the time of year when they try to attract females. The front feet have no webbing and large discs for climbing.

In some places, this frog digs a small basin to lay eggs in. The tadpoles stay in this basin until they become frogs. The frog digs the basin in sandy ground where the sunlight comes through the trees. The frog digs the basin close enough to a stream for water to seep through the sand into the basin. In some species, a male frog digs a basin to impress a female so she will mate with him, but scientists think male jungguy frogs attract a female first and then dig the basin.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Litoria lesueuri".

Contronym

A contronym is a word with more than one meaning (sense), as one meaning is the reverse (opposite) of the other. For example, the word cleave can mean "to cut apart" or "to bind together". In a sentence its meaning can be clear, otherwise the word itself is ambiguous. Contronyms are also known as auto-antonyms.

Many other words are polysemic, because they have more than one meaning. However, most polysemic words are not contronyms.


Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is an American computer-animated superhero movie, based on the Spider-Man character, an superhero created by writer-editor Stan Lee. The movie was produced by Columbia Pictures, Sony Pictures Animation, Marvel Entertainment, Arad Productions, Lord Miller Productions and Pascal Pictures, It stars Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, Hailee Steinfeld, Mahershala Ali, Brian Tyree Henry, Lily Tomlin, Luna Lauren Velez, John Mulaney, Kimiko Glenn, Nicolas Cage, and Liev Schreiber. It was released on December 14, 2018, and received widespread critical acclaim for its animation, story, characters, voice acting, music, visual style, action sequences, humor and themes.

Bitten by a radioactive spider in the subway, Brooklyn teenager Miles Morales suddenly develops mysterious powers that transform him into the one and only Spider-Man. When he meets Peter Parker, he soon realizes that there are many others who share his special, high-flying talents. Miles must now use his newfound skills to battle the evil Kingpin, a hulking madman who can open portals to other universes and pull different versions of Spider-Man into our world.

"Into the Spider-Verse" has two sequels: "" (released on June 2, 2023) and "", which is scheduled for release in TBA.

A female-focused spin-off film based on Gwen Stacy / Spider-Gwen is also in development.

Languages of South Asia

The languages of South Asia include a few major language families:


South Asia includes India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan, the Maldives, and sometimes Afghanistan.

Most Indo-Aryan languages grew from Sanskrit, an ancient language. It is hard to decide to define what is a language, and what is just a dialect (language variant). For example, Hindi and Urdu are similar when spoken, but Hindi is written in the Devanagari script and Urdu is written in the Persian-Arabic script. Hindi uses more words from Sanskrit, while Urdu uses more words from Persian and Arabic.

Only some of the Iranic languages are from South Asia. Others are from West Asia or Central Asia. This table shows the total number of people who speak each language.
About 130,000 people speak the five Nuristani languages.

A number of Tibeto-Burman languages are spoken in Nepal, Bhutan, Northeast India, Bangladesh, North India, and North Pakistan.

Most Austroasiatic languages are spoken in Southeast Asia, rather than South Asia. The Austronesian languages spoken in South Asia are part of the Munda and Khasic branches.

Most Kra-Dai languages are spoken in East Asia and Southeast Asia. About 10,000 people speak these languages in South Asia, in Assam and the surrounding area.

A language isolate is a language that is not known to be related to any other languages.

There are several native languages to the Andaman Islands. Originally they were grouped into Great Andamanese, Ongan, Jangil, and Sentinelese. Today, people have stopped speaking some of these languages, making them extinct.

The Burushaski language is spoken by about 100,000 people in North Pakistan. The Kusunda language is spoken by less than 100 people in Nepal. The Nihali language is spoken by 2,000 or so people in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. All of these are considered language isolates.

Abfaltersbach

Abfaltersbach is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ainet

Ainet is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Amlach

Amlach is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Anras

Anras is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Assling

Assling is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Außervillgraten

Außervillgraten is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oxide &amp; Neutrino

Oxide & Neutrino are a British DJ and MC garage duo, made up of Alex Rivers (Oxide) and Mark Oseitutu (Neutrino). The group was formed in 1999 in London. Their albums include "The Solid Sound of the Underground", "Execute", "2 Stepz Ahead", "2nd Chance" and "Quarks & Leptons (EP)".

Oxide & neutrino released their first single "Bound 4 Da Reload (Casualty) in 2000. It reached number one in the United Kingdom. It is known for sampling the theme music to the BBC medical drama series "Casualty".

They released their fifth single "Devil's Nightmare" in 2001 which was featured on the soundtrack.

Dölsach

Dölsach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gaimberg

Gaimberg is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Heinfels

Heinfels is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hopfgarten in Defereggen

Hopfgarten in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Innervillgraten

Innervillgraten is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Iselsberg-Stronach

Iselsberg-Stronach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Dead Calm (movie)

Dead Calm is a 1989 Australian psychological thriller drama movie directed by Phillip Noyce and starring Sam Neill, Nicole Kidman, Billy Zane. The screenplay by Terry Hayes was based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Charles Williams and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Thái Bình province

Thái Bình is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Thái Bình.

Vĩnh Phúc province

Vĩnh Phúc is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Vĩnh Yên.

Hà Tĩnh province

Hà Tĩnh is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hà Tĩnh.

Nghệ An province

Nghệ An is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Vinh.

Quảng Trị province

Quảng Trị is a province of Vietnam that is found in the North Central Coast region. Its capital is Đông Hà.

The province has about 650,000 people.

Thanh Hóa province

Thanh Hóa is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Thanh Hóa.

Thừa Thiên Huế province

Thừa Thiên Huế is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Huế.

Bắc Giang province

Bắc Giang is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Bắc Giang. Lychee is main fruit crop.

Bắc Kạn province

Bắc Kạn is a province of Vietnam that is found in the Northeast region. Its capital is Bắc Kạn.

Cao Bằng province

Cao Bằng is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Cao Bằng.

Lạng Sơn province

Lạng Sơn is a province of Vietnam, bordering Guangxi province in China. It is found in the Northeast region. Its capital is Lạng Sơn.

The province has an area of and as of 2019, it has 781,655 people.

Phú Thọ province

Phú Thọ is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Việt Trì.

Quảng Ninh province

Quảng Ninh is a province of Vietnam. Its capital is Hạ Long. The province covers an area of and as of 2014, it has 1,185,200 people.

Kals am Großglockner

Kals am Großglockner is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Kals am Großglockner is twinned with:

Sheep and Wolves

Sheep and Wolves (russian: Волки и овцы: бе-е-е-зумное превращение) is a 2016 russian computer-animated adventure film. The film was produced by Wizart Animation, directed by Andrey Galat and Maksim Volkov.





Shawn Spears

Ronnie William Arneill (born February 19, 1981), better known by his ring name Shawn Spears, is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the NXT brand. He is also known for his time with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) from 2019 to 2023 and his previous runs with WWE under the ring names Gavin Spears (2006-2009) and Tye Dillinger (2013-2019). Arneill. along with wrestler Matthew Clement (better known as Tyler Breeze) run a wrestling school in Apopka, Florida, called Flatbacks Wrestling.


Kartitsch

Kartitsch is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lavant, Tyrol

Lavant is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Leisach

Leisach is a municipality of the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera

The Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera is a mid-size car produced from the 1982 to 1996 model years. The car is similar to the Buick Century, Chevrolet Celebrity and Pontiac 6000. In 1984, a wagon version was introduced as the Cutlass Cruiser.

In 1996 Cutlass name was dropped and sold as the Oldsmobile Ciera.

In Harm's Way

In Harm's Way is a 1965 American war movie directed by Otto Preminger and starring John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Patricia Neal, Tom Tryon, Paula Prentiss, Stanley Holloway, Burgess Meredith, Brandon deWilde, Jill Haworth, Dana Andrews, Franchot Tone, Henry Fonda. It was nominated for an Academy Award and won for an BAFTA Award in 1966. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Matrei in Osttirol

Matrei in Osttirol is a market town in the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nikolsdorf

Nikolsdorf is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nußdorf-Debant

Nußdorf-Debant is a market town in the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Oberlienz

Oberlienz is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Obertilliach

Obertilliach is a municipality of the district of Lienz, in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Jakob in Defereggen

Sankt Jakob in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

List of Metroid characters

This is a list of Metroid characters.

Samus Aran, also known as Zero Suit Samus, is a bounty hunter in space and operates on Earth. She owns a gunship, and fights the Space Pirates. She was raised by the Chozo.

Ridley is an enemy of Samus who works for the Space Pirates. Ridley killed Samus's parents when she was a child.

Dark Samus is a version of Metriod Prime after absorbing a suit that Samus used to fight it. 

Mother Brain is the main antagonist in the Metroid franchise. She is the enemy of Samus as she leads the Space Pirates.

James City County, Virginia

James City County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 78,254 people lived there. Its county seat is Williamsburg.

Disembowelment

Disembowelment is when some or all of the belly organs are removed. They are usually removed through a horizontal cut across the belly area. Animals and fish are generally disembowelled before being eaten. 

Disembowelment may happen from an accident, but has also been used as a way to hurt or kill someone. Disembowelment has been used as a severe form of capital punishment.

Mummification, especially as practiced by the ancient Egyptians, started with the removal of internal organs before the preservation of the rest of the body. The removed organs were embalmed, stored in canopic jars and then placed in the tomb with the body.

List of presidents of the Senate of France

President of the Senate of France is a title often given to the leader of the senate of France. 

Presidents of the Senate:

Political party<br>


Virti Vaghani

Vaghani was born in Mumbai.

Vaghani was cast in advertisements for Whirlpool, Kwality Wall's, Clinic Plus Shampoo, Dettol Soap, Knorr Soup and Colgate.

In 2008, she played the child Radha in the television show "Jai Shri Krishna". In the same year, her first appearance in Bollywood was with the movie "Patiala House". 

In 2018, she appeared in the Bollywood movie "Hope Aur Hum", and in 2020, she had a minor role as the teenage daughter in the Disney+Hotstar web series "Aarya".


Brother Jed

George Edward "Jed" Smock, Jr. (January 4, 1943 – June 6, 2022), better known as Brother Jed, was an American evangelist who preaches in public at colleges. He has preached at colleges in all fifty U.S. states, and in some other countries. As a travelling preacher, he usually only spends a few days at each campus, going to the northern campuses in the fall and spring and the southern campuses in the winter months. In 2004 he moved to Columbia, Missouri where he often preached at the University of Missouri and other colleges around the Midwest. In the summer of 2013 he moved his ministry and residence to his hometown of Terre Haute, Indiana.

Smock died on June 6, 2022 in Terre Haute at the age of 79.

Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?

Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe? is a 1978 German American French Italian black comedy movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1976 novel by Nan and Ivan Lyons. It stars George Segal, Jacqueline Bisset, Robert Morley, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Philippe Noiret, Jean Rochefort, Frank Windsor, Peter Sallis, Tim Barlow, Joss Ackland, Nigel Havers, Nicholas Ball. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Brokopondo District

Brokopondo is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Brokopondo.

As of the 2012 census, 15,909 people lived there. It has an area of .

Commewijne District

Commewijne is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Nieuw Amsterdam.

As of the 2012 census, 31,420 people lived there. It has an area of .

The Name of the Rose (movie)

The Name of the Rose is a 1986 German Italian French mystery drama movie directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Umberto Eno. It stars Sean Connery, F. Murray Abraham, Christian Slater, Helmut Qualtinger, Michael Lonsdale, Donal O'Brian, Ron Perlman, Andrew Birkin and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Coronie District

Coronie is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Totness.

As of the 2012 census, 3,391 people lived there. It has an area of .

Marowijne District

Marowijne is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Albina.

As of the 2012 census, 18,294 people lived there. It has an area of .

Nickerie District

Nickerie is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Nieuw-Nickerie.

As of the 2012 census, 34,233 people lived there. It has an area of .

Para District

Para is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Onverwacht.

As of the 2012 census, 24,700 people lived there. It has an area of .

Paramaribo District

Paramaribo is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Paramaribo.

As of the 2012 census, 240,924 people lived there. It has an area of .

Saramacca District

Saramacca is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Groningen.

As of the 2012 census, 17,480 people lived there. It has an area of .

Sherman Klump

Julius E. Kelp also known as Sherman Klump from remake film is a fictional character in the comedy film The Nutty Professor. He was played by Jerry Lewis and Eddie Murphy.

Sipaliwini District

Sipaliwini is a district of Suriname. It does not have a regional capital.

As of the 2012 census, 37,065 people lived there. It has an area of which is the largest district of Suriname by area.

Wanica District

Wanica is a district of Suriname. Its capital city is Lelydorp.

As of the 2012 census, 118,222 people lived there. It has an area of .

Wolverine (character)

Wolverine (birth name James Howlett; alias Logan and Weapon X) is a fictional character which is today one of the most famous superhero character from the Marvel Comics universe. He is a member of the mutant team, the X-Men. He is create by Len Wein, Roy Thomas and John Romita Sr..


He was portrayed by Hugh Jackman in nine movies from 2000 to 2017.

Sankt Johann im Walde

Sankt Johann im Walde is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Sankt Veit in Defereggen

Sankt Veit in Defereggen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Schlaiten

Schlaiten is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Watercraft

A watercraft is a vehicle that can move on the surface of the water. Some watercrafts can go under the water. Examples of watercrafts are boats, ships, hovercraft and submarines. Watercrafts are usually propelled by a sail, oar, paddle or engine.

There are different types of watercrafts. They are:

Watercraft use different ways to move. They are:

Watercrafts are used for fishing. They are also used to transport goods and services to different places. They are used by the military to attack when there is war.

Watercrafts are used in many types of water sports. Watercraft like submarines are used to explore the deep ocean. They are also used for leisure. Some watercrafts are also used to get natural resources from the ocean.

Sillian

Sillian is a market town in the district Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Strassen, Austria

Strassen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Thurn

Thurn is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tristach

Tristach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Untertilliach

Untertilliach is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Virgen

Virgen is a municipality of the district of Lienz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Bach, Austria

Bach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

The Edge (1997 movie)

The Edge is a 1997 American Canadian adventure movie directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Alec Baldwin, Anthony Hopkins, Elle Macpherson, L. Q. Jones, Bart the Bear. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Buick Century

The Buick Century is a car made from the 1936–1942, 1954–1958 and 1973–2005 model years.

It is a full-size car from 1936–1942 and 1954–1958 and a mid-size car from 1973–2005.

In 2005, it was succeeded by the Buick LaCrosse.

Brigitte Peskine

Brigitte Peskine (30 December 1951 – 5 September 2020) was a French author and screenwriter. She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. Her first novel was titled "Le Ventriloqu" and was published in 1985. She was known for writing the screenplays for the French sitcoms "Plus belle la vie" and "Candice Renoir".

Peskine died on 5 September 2020 in Paris, aged 68.

Malka Ribowska

Malka Ribowska (20 May 1931 – 5 September 2020) was a Polish-born French actress. She was born in Warsaw. 

Her best known movie roles were in "The Three Musketeers" (1961), "Sundays and Cybele" (1962), "Salad by the Roots" (1964), "The Shameless Old Lady" (1965), "Marvelous Angelique" (1965) and "Two Men in Town" (1973).

Ribowska died on 5 September 2020 in Paris at the age of 89.

Agnivesh

Agnivesh (born Vepa Shyam Rao; 21 September 1939 – 11 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Legislative Assembly from the Indian state of Haryana, an Arya Samaj scholar. He was best known for his work against bonded labour through the Bonded Labour Liberation Front, which he founded in 1981. 

Agnivesh was the president of the World Council of Arya Samaj from 2004 to 2014. and served as the chairperson of the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery from 1994 to 2004. He was born in Srikakulam, Madras Presidency.

Agnivesh died of multiple organ failure on 11 September 2020 in New Delhi, aged 80.

Sonny Allen

Sonny Allen (March 8, 1936 – September 11, 2020) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head coach at Old Dominion University from 1965 to 1975. He later coached Southern Methodist University during the 1975-76 until the 1979-80 seasons. He then coached the University of Nevada, Reno from 1980 to 1987. Allen was born in Moundsville, West Virginia.

Allen died on September 11, 2020 in Reno, Nevada from Parkinson's disease, aged 84.

Anthony Cekada

Anthony J. Cekada (July 18, 1951 – September 11, 2020) was an American Sedevacantist priest and author. He taught Canon Law, Liturgy, and Scripture at Most Holy Trinity Seminary in Florida. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

In 1983 Cekada, along with eight other priests, broke with the Society of St. Pius X (SSPX) over many theological issues and several years later formed the Society of St. Pius V (SSPV).

Cekada taught seminarians at St. Joseph's House of Studies, Armada, Michigan, and St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary, Ridgefield, Connecticut.

On September 2, 2020 Cekada was placed in hospice care in West Chester Township, Ohio after having a stroke. He died on September 11, 2020 at the age of 69.

Armada, Michigan

Armada (pronounced är-MÄ-də) is a village in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,684 at the 2020 census.

West Chester Township, Ohio

West Chester Township is one of the thirteen townships of Butler County, Ohio, United States. It is the most populous township in Ohio, with a population at the 2020 census of 64,830.

Toots Hibbert

Frederick Nathaniel "Toots" Hibbert, O.J. (8 December 1942 – 11 September 2020) was a Jamaican singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was known as the leader for the reggae and ska band Toots & the Maytals. His 1968 song "Do the Reggay" is a well known raggae song. He was born in May Pen, Colony of Jamaica.

In August 2020, Hibbert was hospitalized with COVID-19 and put in a coma in Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica. He died on 11 September 2020 from the infection, aged 77.

Once Around

Once Around is a 1991 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Holly Hunter, Danny Aiello, Richard Dreyfuss, Griffin Dunne, Laura San Giacomo, Gena Rowlands. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Nadhim Shaker

Nadhim Shaker Salim (; 18 December 1958 – 11 September 2020) was an Iraqi football player and manager. He played for the national team between 1978 and 1986. He was born in Baghdad. His playing career lasted from 1976 to 1988.

Shaker died on 11 September 2020 at a hospital in Erbil from COVID-19, aged 61.

Délio dos Santos

Délio dos Santos (4 October 1924 – 1 September 2020) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1979 to 1987. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement.

Dos Santos died of pneumonia on 1 September 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 95.

Antônio de Jesus Dias

Antônio de Jesus Dias (28 January 1942 – 3 September 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in Anápolis, Goiás. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies three separate times. Jesus Dias was Deputy between 1980 to 1981, again from 1987 to 1991 and again from 1991 to 1993. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement.

Jesus Dias died on 3 September 2020 in Rio de Janeiro from COVID-19, aged 78.

Anápolis

Anápolis is a Brazilian municipality of the State of Goiás. It is between two capitals, the federal capital Brasília and state capital Goiânia. It is the third most populous city in the state, with 361,991 people living there in 2012.

Alércio Dias

Alércio Dias (22 December 1942 – 3 September 2020) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. Dias was born in Joinville, Santa Catarina. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1983 to 1991, representing Acre for the Democratic Social Party. He was also a member of the Acre Legislative Assembly between 1995 to 1999.

Dias died on 3 September 2020 in Rio Branco, Acre from problems caused by a gastrointestinal hemorrhage, aged 77.

2017–2018 Iranian protests

The 2017–2018 Iranian protests were many public protests which happened in many cities throughout Iran beginning on 28 December 2017 and continuing into 2018. 

The first protest took place in Mashhad, Iran's second-largest city by population. At first, they focused on the economic policies of the country; however, as protests spread throughout the country and soon protested the regime of Ali Khamenei. 

According to "The Washington Post", protesters' chants and attacks on government buildings and chanted "Death to the dictator!".

In a backlash against the protests, thousands of government supporters staged pro-government rallies in more than a dozen cities across Iran.

2009 Iranian presidential election protests

Protests against the results of the controversial 2009 Iranian presidential election (), a controversial victory by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad happened in major cities nationwide from 2009 into early 2010. 

The protests were titled the Iranian Green Movement ( "Jonbesh-e Sabz") by its supporters and Persian Awakening, Persian Spring or Green Revolution.

Protests began the night of 12 June 2009. Ahmadinejad called the protests a little more than "passions after a soccer match".

The Iranian government confirmed the deaths of 36 people during the protests, while unconfirmed reports by Mousavi supporters allege at least 72 deaths (over twice as many) in the three months following the election.

Jean Cluzel

Jean Cluzel (18 November 1923 – September 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Moulins, Allier, France. 
Renowned in the 1980s for his reports about the audiovisual media, he was a member of the Senate between 1971 to 1998. He was a member of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques.

Cluzel died in September 2020, aged 96.

Gérard Larcher

Gérard Philippe René André Larcher (born 14 September 1949) is a French politician. He has been the President of the Senate since 2014. He was also the Senate President from 2008 to 2011. He is a member of The Republicans. He has been a Senator for the Yvelines department since 1986.

He also was Mayor of Rambouillet from 1983 to 2004 and again from 2007 until 2014.

Jean-Pierre Bel

Jean-Pierre Bel (born 30 December 1951) is a French retired politician. He was President of the Senate from 2011 to 2014. Bel is a member of the Socialist Party.

He was elected to the Senate in September 1998 and re-elected in September 2008. Bel was President of the Socialist Group in the Senate from 2004 to 2011.

List of presidents of the National Assembly of France

This article lists presidents of the French Parliament.


Richard Ferrand

Richard Ferrand (born 1 July 1962) is a French politician of La République En Marche! (LREM). He has been the President of the National Assembly since 2018. He has been the member of the National Assembly for Finistère's 6th constituency since 2012.

Louis Mermaz

Louis Mermaz (born 20 August 1931) is a French politician. He was born in Paris. 

Mermaz was a member of the Socialist Party. Mermaz was a member of the National Assembly from 1997 to 2001. He was President of the National Assembly between 1981 to 1986.

He was Minister of Agriculture from 1990 to 1992, and Minister of Relations with Parliament in the Bérégovoy government from 1992 to 1993.

John Fahey (politician)

John Joseph Fahey (10 January 1945 – 12 September 2020) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party of Australia. He was Premier of New South Wales from 1992 to 1995. He also served as Minister for Finance from 1996 to 2001. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1984 to 1996 and the Australian Parliament from 1996 to 2001. 

Fahey also was president of the World Anti-Doping Agency and later became chancellor of the Australian Catholic University.

Fahey was born in Wellington, New Zealand. He was married to Colleen Fahey. The couple had three children.

Fahey died of leukaemia on 12 September 2020 at the age of 75.

Richard William Timm

Richard William Timm (2 March 1923 – 11 September 2020) was an American Catholic priest, educator, zoologist, and development worker. He was the Superior of the Congregation of Holy Cross in Dhaka. He was a member of the Sacred Heart of Jesus Province. He was also one of the founders of Notre Dame College in Dhaka, Bangladesh. He was born in Michigan City, Indiana.

Timm died in South Bend, Indiana on September 11, 2020 at the age of 97.

Henryk Łapiński

Henryk Łapiński (2 January 1933 – 11 September 2020) was a Polish actor. He was born in Warsaw. He was known for acting in stage plays produced by the Ateneum Theatre and as Wachocki in "How I Unleashed World War II" (1970). He also appeared in "Man of Marble" (1977) and "A Short Film About Killing" (1988).

Łapiński died on 11 September 2020 in Warsaw, aged 87.

John Shrapnell

John Gordon Shrapnell (25 December 1934 – 2 September 2020) was a British-born New Zealand television journalist, actor and opera singer. He was born in London. He was best known for presenting on BBC's "Today", as well as Duty Editor at Visnews.

Shrapnell became a naturalised New Zealand citizen in 1974.

He appeared in "Revelations – The Initial Journey", "The Insider's Guide To Happiness", "Blonde Cargo", "Market Forces", "The Strip", and "A Question of Justice".

An opera singer, he performed at Wellington City Opera and The NBR New Zealand Opera.

Shrapnell was often confused with his cousin, veteran British actor John Shrapnel.

Shrapnell died in Wellington on 2 September 2020 at the age of 85.

Christine Psiwa

Christine Psiwa (born 1 April 1992) is a Kenyan volleyball player. She is part of the Kenya women's national volleyball team.

She participated in the 2018 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix. On club level she played for Kenya Pipeline Company.


Yousef Saanei

Grand Ayatollah Yousef Saanei (; October 1937 – 12 September 2020) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a cleric and politician. He was a member of the Islamic Republic of Iran's powerful Guardian Council from 1980 to 1983 and also Attorney-General of Iran from 1981 to 1989. He was born in Isfahan, Iran.

Saanei died on 12 September 2020 in Qom, Iran from kidney failure caused by diabetes at the age of 82.

Mark Bomani

Judge Mark Bomani (2 January 1932 – 10 September 2020) was a Tanzanian politician and lawyer. He was Attorney General of Tanzania from 1965 to 1976 during the Julius Nyerere presidency. Later he was a Judge and ran a private law practice. He was born in 1932 in Bunda, Mara Region, Tanganyika. He was a member of the Chama Cha Mapinduzi. 

Bomani was also the chief aide to both Julius Nyerere and Nelson Mandela on peace negotiations during the first Burundian Civil War.

Bomani died on 10 September 2020 at the age of 88.

Mia Anna Stauß

Mia Anna Stauß (born 1 August 2002) is a German volleyball player. In 2016 she was selected for the Junior Women's National Team. She played at the 2018 CEV U17/U18 Volleyball European Championship, and 2020 CEV U19/U20 Volleyball European Championship. From 2017 to 2019, she played for the VC Olympia Dresden youth team. She then played for Erfurt, in the 2019/20 season.

Ceren Nur Domaç

Ceren Nur Domaç (born 16 July 1999) is a Turkish volleyball player. She plays for Sarıyer Belediyespor. She won a 2018 CEV Cup with Eczacıbaşı. She played for the Turkish national team, champion of the 2015 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival, and 2017 FIVB Women's U20 Championship.

Berwang

Berwang is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Biberwier

Biberwier is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. In 2020, 622 people lived there.

Martine Tabeaud

Martine Tabeaud (born 1951) is a French geographer, and climatologist. She teaches at the University of Paris Panthéon Sorbonne, since 1977. She studied at Institut national de l’information géographique et forestière. In 2019, she was appointed co-director of the International Geography Festival (FIG). Her work appeared in "Liberation".


My Blue Heaven (1950 movie)

My Blue Heaven is a 1950 American musical drama movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, David Wayne, Jane Wyatt, Mitzi Gaynor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Dreamboat (movie)

Dreamboat is a 1952 American comedy movie directed by Claude Binyon and starring Clifton Webb, Ginger Rogers, Anne Francis, Jeffrey Hunter. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Bichlbach

Bichlbach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. In 2020, 788 people lived there.

Bichlbach lies in the Zwischentoren, the valley that links the Ehrwald Basin with the Lech Valley. It consists of three villages: Bichlbach, Lähn and Wengle.

It borders the municipalities of Heiterwang to the northwest, Lermoos to the east and Berwang to the southwest.

Bichlbach was first mentioned in 1300 as "Puechelpach".

Breitenwang

Breitenwang is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nova Iguaçu

Nova Iguaçu is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. Its population in 2020 was 823,302 and has an area of 520,807 km².

Paraíba do Sul

Paraíba do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro.

Uberlândia

Uberlândia is an Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its population in 2020 was 699,097 and has an area of 4,115.206 km². It is the second largest city in the state of Minas Gerais, after the state capital Belo Horizonte.

Ehenbichl

Ehenbichl is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Chen Xiao (water polo player)

Chen Xiao (born 11 March 1999) is a Chinese water polo player. She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

Count noun

Count nouns are nouns that can be easily be counted. In languages like English, count nouns can be written without having to use any extra measure words. Since the nouns themselves, like "dog", "car", "people", "book", etc., are easy to count, the nouns themselves are treated as they were their own measure words. However, in East Asian languages, like Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, all nouns, both count and mass nouns, must have measure words.

Powell Butte, Oregon

Powell Butte is an unincorporated community in Crook County, Oregon, United States. Powell Butte post office was created in 1909.

Kroombit tree frog

The kroombit tree frog ("Ranoidea kroombitensis") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland and New South Wales.

This frog lives in Kroombit Tops between 500 and 900 metres above sea level.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog said they think it is related to the leaf green tree frog, "Litoria personaiana" and the mountain stream tree frog.

Ehrwald

Ehrwald is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Elbigenalp

Elbigenalp is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Elmen

Elmen is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Forchach

Forchach is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Grän

Grän is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Häselgehr

Häselgehr is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Heiterwang

Heiterwang is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is on the Heiterwanger See.

Hinterhornbach

Hinterhornbach is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Höfen, Tyrol

Höfen is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zilla (Godzilla character)

Zilla is a Godzilla movie character, introduced in the movie "Godzilla (1998)", a giant anthropomorphic mutated iguana monster named "Zilla" about 60 meters high and 90 meters long, attacked New York City in 1998, then in Australia attacked an another seperate species called the second "Zilla", in pressly.

Holzgau

Holzgau is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pseudorandomness

Pseudorandomness is a process which has a result that seems to be random. Even if the result seems to be random, the process can be predicted.

This near random process is important to online security. Because the result can be predicted, it is important that the ""seed,""(or first input) and the process are kept hidden.

The creation of random numbers has many uses, mostly in statistics, and simulations. Before computers, researchers that needed random numbers would get them from dice, cards, roulette wheels, etc, or by random number tables.

The first attempt to crate a large amount of random numbers was in 1927. This was when Cambridge University Press put out a list of 41,600 numbers made by L.H.C. Tippett. In 1947, the RAND Corporation created random numbers by simulating a roulette wheel using a computer. The results were published in 1955 with the title of, ""A Million Random Digits with 100,000 Normal Deviates"."

By using radioactive substances with radioactive decay, or by tuning a radio between stations, near random numbers can be created for short amounts of time. The time needed to get these numbers led to a change. This was using these generated numbers as a "seed" instead of a result. The less numbers created by this process, the more random the result would seem. Another compromise is to combine the timings between keystrokes of multiple people.

People's actions have been proven to be useful for Multi-factor authentication. Also, studies have shown that pseudo random numbers can sometimes be predicted. This becomes more difficult when in small amounts.

In theoretical computer science, a distribution (set of numbers) is considered to be pseudorandom if it is similar enough to other sets. This idea of pseudorandomness is studied and has importance in cryptography.



Jungholz

Jungholz is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is on the border to Bavaria, Germany.

Kaisers

Kaisers is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lechaschau

Lechaschau is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lermoos

Lermoos is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Musau

Musau is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Namlos

Namlos is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Nesselwängle

Nesselwängle is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pfafflar

Pfafflar is a municipality of the district Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Pflach

Pflach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Amelia Court House, Virginia

Amelia Court House is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Godzilla: Final Wars

Godzilla: Final Wars is a 2004 Japanese-American action-comedy adventure science-fiction giant monster film produced by Toho Co, Ltd. and Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. As the 50th anniversary of the Godzilla. As well the 29th film of Godzilla series.

in 2005, Gotengo joined forces with Godzilla takes against all creatures, Zilla, King Ceasar, Anguirus, Kamacuras, Kumonga, Ebirah, Hedorah, Gigan, Manda, Xiliens and Monster X/Kaizer Ghidorah. Protected the humans include, Minilla itself.
The film was released in Japan, December 4, 2004 by Toho and United States in DVD, December 13, 2005 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

Shrek Retold

Shrek Retold is a recreation of the 2001 film "Shrek", made by fans. It was released on November 29, 2018 to YouTube. YouTuber Grant Duffrin ("3GI") led the process of making the film. It features the work of over 200 creators, each making a single short part of the film.

As a recreation, "Shrek Retold" has the plot of the original film with only a few changes. The biggest difference between "Shrek Retold" and the original film is the strange ways each creator made their scene. As a group effort with over 200 creators, the art style, voice acting, and music change from scene to scene, and are usually very different from the original. Unlike the original "Shrek" which is completely 3D animated, "Shrek Retold" is made with 2D and 3D animation, live action, stop motion, and other methods. The film's creators include many internet personalities and actors, such as David Liebe Hart, Michael Cusack, Ratboy Genius, Anthony Fantano, Noah Munck, KC Green, Jamie Loftus, Doug Lussenhop, and SiIvaGunner.

"Shrek Retold" was made as group effort, although each creator made their part of the movie on their own. Director Grant Duffrin separated the film into scenes of different length, then each scene was remade by a creator. In an interview with "Quartz", Duffrin said his love of "Shrek" was real, not like the "ironic" "Shrek" internet memes that were popular at the time. Soon before the film's release, a trailer for the film was uploaded to the 3GI channel which was talked about by many news outlets. The film was first shown on YouTube to a live audience on November 29, 2018, and is still on the site. On November 29, 2019, 3GI announced that the film would be able to be purchased in VHS format and as a free digital download. In March 2020, "Shrek Retold" was followed up by "Sonic Rebuilt", a similar recreation of the 1999 "Sonic the Hedgehog" film.

"Shrek Retold" was received well by reviewers, who mostly complimented its impressive scope for a fan creation and its strange content.


Pinswang

Pinswang is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stimpy

Stimpson James Jonathan "Stimpy" Cat is a cartoon character in Spümcø and The Ren and Stimpy Show. He was created by John Kricfalusi and voiced by Billy West and Eric Bauza and first appeared in "Big Blue House".

Stimpy is a red Manx cat with a blue nose that has no tail. He’s body design was based on Tweety from Looney Tunes. Stimpy was named by John Kricfalusi’s classmate "Stimpy Cadogen". Billy said Stimpy’s voice was based on Larry Fine from The Three Stooges. Stimpy was voiced by Billy West from 1990 too 1996. In 2003 Stimpy was voiced by Eric Bauza. Some one fans ask Billy why he was not not in . Billy said "because the new series was not funny".

In 2012 Stimpy appeared in Nicktoons MLB.

Stimpy, along with Ren Höek has a cameo appearance in both Clueless and Space Jam.

Stimpy has also performed in Marvel Comics

Schattwald

Schattwald is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stanzach

Stanzach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Steeg, Austria

Steeg is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Tannheim, Austria

Tannheim is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vils, Austria

Vils is a town in the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vorderhornbach

Vorderhornbach is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wängle

Wängle is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Weißenbach am Lech

Weißenbach am Lech is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zöblen

Zöblen is a municipality of the district of Reutte in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Achenkirch

Achenkirch is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Jane's Walk

Jane's Walk (Named after Jane Jacobs) is a international "New Urbanism movement" held every year in May in a series of cities walking tours. the audience is mostly volunteers who document the city and participate in discussions to improve the city. 


Nong Sanfeng

Nong Sanfeng (born 11 February 1998) is a Chinese water polo player. She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 Summer Universiade.


Aschau im Zillertal

Aschau im Zillertal is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Brandberg

Brandberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Bruck am Ziller

Bruck am Ziller is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Buch in Tirol

Buch in Tirol is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

The name of the municipality was changed from "Buch bei Jenbach" on 29 June 2010.

Eben am Achensee

Eben am Achensee is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Maurach (the seat), Bächental, Hinterriß and Pertisau.

Finkenberg

Finkenberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fügen

Fügen is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Fügenberg

Fügenberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gallzein

Gallzein is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Let's Groove

"Let's Groove" is a 1979 song from the R&B act Earth, Wind & Fire. It is on their album "Raise!". The song was one of the band's biggest hits. It peaked at #3 in the United States and the United Kingdom. The song was number one on the Hot Soul Singles chart for eight weeks. It was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of over one million copies.

Laura Wides-Muñoz

Laura Wides-Muñoz is an American journalist. She was a semifinalist for the 2018 John Kenneth Galbraith award. She worked at Associated Press, and for the Fusion network. In 2013, she was a Nieman fellow, at Harvard University. Her work appeared in "Foreign Policy," the "Washington Post, and Los Angeles Times." 



Angel of Independence

The Angel of Independence, officially known as Monumento a la Independencia, also known as El Ángel, is an column in Paseo de la Reforma, between Río Tíber and Florencia streets, in Mexico City.

It was installed in 1910 by president Porfirio Díaz. It keeps the bodies of many heroes.

East Asian languages

The East Asian language family or East Eurasian language family is a theoretical language family made up of the majority of the languages of East Asia and Southeast Asia. It includes the Sino-Tibetan language family, the Hmong-Mien language family, the Kra-Dai language family, the Austronesian language family, the Austroasiatic language family, the Koreanic language family, and the Japonic language family.

Honkai Impact 3rd

Honkai Impact 3rd () is a 3D free-to-play action role-playing mobile game. It was created by Chinese developer miHoYo. The game's story is set in an alternate version of Earth, plagued by catastrophes resulting from a mysterious supernatural force called "Honkai" (in Chinese it translates as "Chaos", while in Japanese, it is spelled as "Houkai"). It is the third entry in the "Honkai" series and spiritual successor to "Honkai Gakuen", using many characters from the previous title in a separate story.

Along with the mobile game himself, the storyline of "Honkai Impact 3rd" spans multiple supplementary media including an anime series, multiple manhua series, and promotional videos.


Ranoidea kumae

Ranoidea kumae is a tree frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in Southern Highlands Province. Scientists saw it in the Kikori River Basin and they may have also seen it in the Strickland River, always at least 100 meters above sea level.

A Letter to Three Wives

A Letter to Three Wives is a 1949 American romantic drama movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and based on the 1945 novel by John Klempner. It stars Jeanne Crain, Linda Darnell, Ann Sothern, Jeffrey Lynn, Paul Douglas, Kirk Douglas, Thelma Ritter and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards and won 2 Oscars in 1950.


The Ipcress File

The Ipcress File is a 1965 British thriller movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Len Deighton. It stars Michael Caine, Guy Doleman, Nigel Green, Sue Lloyd, Gordon Jackson, Aubrey Richards, Tony Caunter, Frank Gatliff and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Man of Marble

Man of Marble () is a 1977 Polish drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and starring Jerzy Radziwiłowicz, Krystyna Janda, Tadeusz Łomnicki, Krystyna Zachwatowicz.

Yaser Abdel Said

Yaser Abdel Said (pronounced SIGH-EED; born January 27, 1957) is an Egyptian-American taxi cab driver from Texas. He was captured on August 26, 2020 for the capital murders of his daughters Sarah (born 1990) and Amina (born 1989).

Said killed the two daughters on January 1, 2008. He was pretending to take them out to eat. Sarah dialed 911 and warned them that her dad had shot them. Yaser went on the run for twelve years. Yaser, before his arrest, was one of the FBI's Ten Most Wanted.

The murders were called an "honor killing".

Central Street

Central Street can refer to:


A Swedish Love Story

A Swedish Love Story (, ) is a 1970 Swedish teen drama movie directed by Roy Andersson. It stars Ann-Sofie Kylin and Rolf Sohlman.


Five Golden Dragons

Five Golden Dragons is a 1967 British West German Liechtenstein action adventure movie directed by Jeremy Summers and starring Bob Cummings in his final movie role, Margaret Lee, Rupert Davies. It was distributed by Anglo-Amalgamated and Constantin Film.


Gerlos

Gerlos is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Gerlosberg

Gerlosberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hainzenberg

Hainzenberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hart im Zillertal

Hart im Zillertal is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Hippach

Hippach is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Chevrolet Biscayne

The Chevrolet Biscayne is a full-size car produced by Chevrolet from the 1958 to 1972 model years. It is named after a show car displayed at the 1955 General Motors Motorama.

The Biscayne was the less expensive full-size model of Chevrolet.

It is similar to the Bel Air, Impala and Caprice.

Jenbach

Jenbach is a market town in the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It has about 7,000 people. It is in the Lower Inn Valley, 36 km east of the state capital Innsbruck.

Split Image (movie)

Split Image is a 1982 Canadian American drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Michael O'Keefe, Karen Allen, Peter Fonda, James Woods, Elizabeth Ashley, Brian Dennehy, Ronnie Scribner. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Kaltenbach

Kaltenbach is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Mayrhofen

Mayrhofen is a market town in the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Battle of Singapore

The Battle of Singapore was a battle of World War II from 8 to 15 February, 1942. The British army of 85,000 men was led by Lieutenant General Arthur Percival, while the Japanese regiment of 36,000 men was headed by Lieutenant General Tomoyuki Yamashita. Japan captured the British naval base in Singapore, built as a protectionary agent for dominions in the Pacific. Japan defeated the inadequate forces at Singapore, allowing the Imperial Japanese forces to move further south in its war against the Allied powers. The defeat of the "Singapore Strategy" meant that thousands of British and Australian POW's were taken.

At the beginning of December 1941, on the same day that Japan was attacking Pearl Harbour half a world away, the Japanese simultaneously bombed the Royal Air Force bases to the north of Singapore on the Malay coast, thereby eliminating the Air Force’s ability to either retaliate or protect the occupying troops on the ground. Their tactics were shrewd and incredibly well thought out. Before a Japanese soldier set foot on Singaporean soil, Britain’s naval and aerial capabilities had both been destroyed.

The worst defeat in the history of British arms, the Battle of Singapore and the preceding Malayan Campaign saw Percival's command suffer around 7,500 killed, 10,000 wounded, and 120,000 captured. Japanese losses in the fighting for Singapore numbered around 1,713 killed and 2,772 wounded. While some of the British and Australian prisoners were kept at Singapore, thousands more were shipped to Southeast Asia for use as forced labor on projects such as the Siam–Burma (Death) Railway and Sandakan airfield in North Borneo.

Many of the Indian troops were recruited into the pro-Japanese Indian National Army for use in the Burma Campaign. Singapore would remain under Japanese occupation for the remainder of the war. During this period, the Japanese massacred elements of the city's Chinese population as well as others who opposed their rule.

Súdwest-Fryslân

Súdwest-Fryslân () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 89,710 people lived there. It is the largest municipality by area in the Netherlands.

Súdwest-Fryslân was created in 2011 from the former municipalities of Bolsward, Nijefurd, Sneek, Wûnseradiel and Wymbritseradiel. In 2014, it was enlarged by parts of the former municipality of Boarnsterhim. In 2018 it was enlarged by parts of former municipality of Littenseradiel.

Bolsward

Bolsward () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

Eric Dier

Eric Jeremy Edgar Dier (; born 15 January 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for club Tottenham Hotspur and the England national team. A versatile defensive player, Dier has been deployed as a defensive midfielder, a centre back and a right back.

Tottenham Hotspur

England


Nijefurd

Nijefurd is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland.

Nijefurd was created in 1984 from the former municipalities of Hindeloopen, Stavoren, and Workum, and part of Hemelumer Oldeferd. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

Optimal control

Optimal control theory is a theory from mathematics. It looks at how to find a good (usually optimal) solution in a dynamic system. The system is described by a function, and the problem often is to find values that minimize or maximize this function over an interval. 

There are several questions that arise:


In addition, there may be state restrictions. The state the system is in at a given point in time has to meet certain conditions. 

Most of the foundations of optimal control theory were done by Lev Pontryagin, in the Soviet Union, and Richard Bellman in the United States. 

An example of an optimal control problem might be a driver who wants to get from A to B in as little time as possible. There may be more than one route from A to B, and most of the time, the roads have speed limits.

Dantumadiel

Dantumadiel is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2019, 18,923 people lived there.

Pill, Austria

Pill is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ramsau im Zillertal

Ramsau im Zillertal is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Ried im Zillertal

Ried im Zillertal is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Rohrberg, Austria

Rohrberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Schlitters

Schlitters is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Chevrolet Bel Air

The Chevrolet Bel Air is a full-size car produced for 25 years from the 1950 to 1975 model years.

In 1975, it was succeeded by the Chevrolet Impala.

Schwendau

Schwendau is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Necessary and sufficient conditions

In science, the terms necessary and sufficient are often used. Some conditions are necessary, meaning that they are needed for something to happen. while others are sufficient, meaning that they are enough to make something happen. 

In logic, a necessary condition for a logical statement is a logical consequence of the statement, in the sense that if statement is true, then the condition must have held. 

A sufficient condition for a statement is a logical precursor of the statement, in the sense that if the condition is true, then so will the statement.

Generally, a sufficient condition for a statement needs not be a necessary condition for the same statement (and vice versa). This means that some sufficient conditions are not necessary, and that some necessary conditions are not sufficient.

In logic, the term if and only if (shortened to iff) is often used to describe a condition that is both necessary and sufficient.

Australian philosopher John Leslie Mackie introduced the term INUS condition. INUS stands for "insufficient, but necessary part of an unnecessary but sufficient condition""."


Stans, Austria

Stans is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Steinberg am Rofan

Steinberg am Rofan is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Strass im Zillertal

Strass im Zillertal is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stumm

Stumm is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Stummerberg

Stummerberg is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Terfens

Terfens is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Guo Ning

Guo Ning (born 23 January 1995) is a Chinese water polo player.

She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2018 Asian Games, and 2019 World Aquatics Championships. 


Tux, Austria

Tux is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Uderns

Uderns is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Vomp

Vomp is a market town of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wûnseradiel

Wûnseradiel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

INUS condition

INUS condition stands for an "insufficient, but necessary part of an unnecessary but sufficient condition." John Mackie introduced the term in the 1960s.
Mackie uses the example of a house burning: There was an electric short circuit that caused the fire. There was flammable material nearby, which started to burn after the short circuit happened. He then tries to explain the statement: "The short circuit caused the fire", according to the INUS condition:


INUS conditions need prior experience: Only after you have seen a house burning after a short-circuit putting flammable material on fire several times can you deduce that it is indeed sufficient.



Hammah

Hammah is a municipality of the district of Stade, in Lower Saxony, Germany. As of 2019, 3,124 people lived there.


Weer

Weer is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Weerberg

Weerberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Wiesing

Wiesing is a municipality of the district Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Zellberg

Zellberg is a municipality of the district of Schwaz in the Austrian state of Tyrol.

Lesueur's frog

LeSueur's frog, LeSuer's tree frog or the stony creek frog ("Ranoidea lesueurii") is a tree frog from Australia. It lives in Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales and parts of Victoria.

This frog lives in forests. It lives in dry forests and wet forests, such as rainforests. It can also look for food on land that humans use to graze animals. The female lays eggs in pools next to streams and other places where the water does not flow quickly. The eggs stick to the undersides of rocks and to the bottom of the body of water.

This frog can catch the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

Bi Yanan

Bi Yanan (born 6 December 1998) is a Chinese water polo player.

She played at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships, and 2019 Summer Universiade. 

Isoprene

Isoprene is a common organic compound produced by living things. Its full chemical name is 2-methyl-1,3-butadiene, and its formula is CH=C(CH)−CH=CH. Isoprene is an unsaturated hydrocarbon. It is produced by many plants and animals (including humans). Its polymers are the main component of natural rubber.

Isoprene is produced and emitted by many species of trees (major producers are oaks, poplars, eucalyptus, and some legumes). Yearly production of isoprene emissions by vegetation is around 600 million metric tons, half from tropical broadleaf trees (that is, flowering plants) and the rest mainly from shrubs. 

This is about the same as methane emissions. It accounts for about one-third of all hydrocarbons released into the atmosphere. In deciduous forests, isoprene makes up about 80% of hydrocarbon emissions. Microscopic and macroscopic algae also produce isoprene, but much less than trees.

Isoprene emission may help trees use to combat stress. In particular, isoprene does protect against moderate heat stress (around 40 °C). It may also protect plants against large fluctuations in leaf temperature. Isoprene is built into cell membranes and helps membranes keep stable.

Isoprene produces the blue haze which gives the Blue Ridge Mountains their name. 

Never Say Never Again

Never Say Never Again is a James Bond movie starring Sean Connery and directed by Irvin Kershner. It is the only remake of another James Bond movie, "Thunderball". It is also the one of the few James Bond movies not made by Eon Productions.


Stade du 7 Mars

Stade 7 Mars () is a stadium in Ben Guerdane, Tunisia. It is currently used mostly for football. The stadium holds 10,000 of which 4,000 are covered, and was built in 2000. It is used by the US Ben Guerdane.

The date of 7 March corresponds to the day of the Battle of Ben Guerdane which takes place on 7 March 2016 in Tunisia. The clashes between the Tunisian security forces and the jihadists of the Islamic state (IS).

Ben Guerdane

Ben Gardane or Bengardane ( or , ""; ) is a commune and coastal town in south eastern Tunisia, close to the border with Libya. It is located at around .

During the Second World War Ben Gardane Airfield was used by the 57th Fighter Group, which flew P-40 Warhawks from the airfield from 9 to 21 March 1943 during the Eighth Army advance into Tunisia from Libya, to which the 57th was attached. It was also used by Spitfires from the 601 Squadron RAF.
The town belongs to the governorate of Medenine. Located 423 km - 559 km by road - from Tunis, it is the city furthest from the capital.

It is the last major city in the governorate of Medenine with total population estimated at 79,912 inhabitants in 2014. It is located 32 kilometers from the Tunisian-Libyan border.

It is best known both in Tunisia and Libya as a trade road and an open exchange market. Tunisians take advantage of the availability and variety of the goods existing in the shops. The great amount of these goods are basically imported from Libya and deemed less expensive.

It is distinguished for its large population of dromedaries estimated at 15,000 head. An annual festival devoted to them during the month of June.

In March 2016, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Libya attacked the town in the Battle of Ben Guerdane.

According to "The Washington Post", "hundreds of young men have left Ben Guerdane over the past three decades to wage jihad in Iraq, Afghanistan and Bosnia, radicalized in part by a repressive regime that persecuted Islamists".

The leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi famously said of Ben Gardane, "if it was located next to Fallujah, we would have liberated Iraq."

There is a mixture of Berbers and Arabs, who from the "Twazin" tribal alliance which took place centuries ago as a tribal defense shield against the invasion, especially from the east towards Libya. There is no historical record as to the date of the establishment of this alliance but the inhabitants of Bengardane still have this bond and are said to be proud of the alliance. Beside the "Twazin", there are other large tribes such as Jelidat, Rabai'a which have participated in shaping the heritage, culture and way of life in Bengardane .


Chenda

The Chanda (Malayalam: ചെണ്ട, [tʃeɳʈa]) is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala, Tulu Nadu of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in India. In Tulu Nadu (Coastal Karnataka), it is known as "chende". It is greatly identified as a cultural element in Kerala.
This instrument is famous for its loud and rigid sound. A Chenda has two sides, the left side called "Edamthala" (ഇടം തല)(Left Head) and the right side "Valamthala" (വലം തല)(Right Head). The "Edamthala" is made of only one/two layer of cow skin and the "Valamthala" will have a five/seven layer skin, so as to have a bass sound. The skin are dried in the shade and fastened on wooden rings (Chenda Vattam, ചെണ്ട വട്ടം) made of the trunk of a locally available palm tree (Eeranpana) or bamboo, using a gum prepared from the seed of a tree called "pananchi maram". The circular frame is kept in a vessel, boiled for an entire day and then bent in the form of circle and dried. The body of the Chenda which is 1 ft in diameter and 1.5 inches thickness is made of the soft wood of the jackfruit tree (വരിക്ക പ്ലാവ്) (Varikka Plavu). The thickness is again reduced by 0.25 inches, at simultaneous points separated by 4 inches. This is done in order to produce highly resonating sound. Only the wooden rings with the skin (Chenda Vattam) is replaced once the quality of the sound is not up to the mark. For regular Chenda artists an average of 15 rings are required every year.
The Chenda is mainly played in Hindu temple festivals and as an accompaniment in the religious art forms of Kerala. The chenda is used as an accompaniment for Kathakali, Koodiyattam, Kannyar Kali, Theyyam and among many forms of dances and rituals in Kerala. It is also played in a dance-drama called Yakshagana (Tenku Thittu) which is popular in Tulu Nadu in Karnataka. There is a variant of this instrument used in northern school of Yakshagana called Chande. It is traditionally considered to be an "Asura Vadyam" ((demonic instrument)) which means it cannot go in harmony. Chenda is an inevitable musical instrument in all form of cultural activities in Kerala.

In Kerala the craft of making Chenda is now associated with some few "Perumkollan" (smith) families at Peruvembu, Nemmara, Lakkidi, Vellarkad and Valappaya villages. Many famous Chenda percussionists in Kerala make their Chendas from Vellarkad village for it is famous for the quality of the instrument.

Malindi

Malindi is a town lying on the Indian Ocean coast of Kenya. It is 120 kilometres northeast of Mombasa.

Malindi has a tropical savanna climate ("As" in the Köppen climate classification). The area shows classic examples of Swahili architecture. Malindi developed as part of Swahili Civilization in the 5th–10th centuries.

The Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama met Malindi authorities in 1498 to sign a trade agreement and hire a guide for the voyage to India, when he erected a coral pillar.

During World War II Malindi was one of only two towns in East Africa bombed by the Italians. This happened on 24 October 1940.
After the World War II Malindi began developing into a resort.
Malindi is home to the Malindi Airport and Broglio Space Centre (the previous San Marco Equatorial Range).

Novel "“MALI D’AFRICA”" (by Sara Cardelli) describes the impossible love in Malindi.

Most of the events in the novels "“Once in Malindi”" and "“Our Wild Sex in Malindi”" (by Andrei Gusev) take place in Malindi, Watamu, Lamu. The novel describes a few years living in Malindi of Russian writer Andy and his wife Jennifer, who was born in Kenya.

Song "“Yasoi Malindi”" by Yasoy Kala Kana.

Wymbritseradiel

Wymbritseradiel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Súdwest-Fryslân.

Dongeradeel

Dongeradeel () is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân.

Noardeast-Fryslân

Noardeast-Fryslân () is a municipality in the Dutch province of Friesland. It was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former municipalities of Dongeradeel, Ferwerderadiel and Kollumerland en Nieuwkruisland.

In 2019, 45,181 people lived there.

King and Queen County, Virginia

King and Queen County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 6,608 people lived there. Its county seat is King and Queen Court House.

King George County, Virginia

King George County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 26,723 people lived there. Its county seat is King George.

King William County, Virginia

King William County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 17,810 people lived there. Its county seat is King William.

Lancaster County, Virginia

Lancaster County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 10,919 people lived there. Its county seat is Lancaster.

Lee County, Virginia

Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 22,173 people lived there. Its county seat is Jonesville.

Louisa County, Virginia

Louisa County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 37,596 people lived there. Its county seat is Louisa.

Lunenburg County, Virginia

Lunenburg County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 11,936 people lived there. Its county seat is Lunenburg.

Madison County, Virginia

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 13,837 people lived there. Its county seat is Madison.

Mathews County, Virginia

Mathews County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 8,533 people lived there. Its county seat is Mathews.

Middlesex County, Virginia

Middlesex County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 10,625 people lived there. Its county seat is Saluda.

Montgomery County, Virginia

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 99,721 people lived there. Its county seat is Christiansburg.

Nelson County, Virginia

Nelson County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 14,775 people lived there. Its county seat is Lovingston.

New Kent County, Virginia

New Kent County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 22,945 people lived there. Its county seat is New Kent.

Northampton County, Virginia

Northampton County is a county in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, 12,282 people lived there. Its county seat is Eastville.



Leesburg, Georgia

Leesburg is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Lee County.

Hinesville, Georgia

Hinesville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is the county seat of Liberty County.

Betim

Betim is an Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its population in 2019 was 439,340 and has an area of 343,856 km².

Nadezhda Iarondaikina

Nadezhda Iarondaikina (born 30 November 1994) is a Russian water polo player.

She played at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, and 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Glee (season 1)

The first season of the musical comedy-drama television show "Glee" originally premiered on May 19, 2009 and ended on June 8, 2010 on FOX in the United States. The first season had 22 episodes and was produced by 20th Century Fox Television and Ryan Murphy Television. The first season features the Fictional William McKinley High School Glee Club “New Directions” located in the namesake school in Lima, Ohio. It also shows the glee club in several competitions; local, regional and nationals which was held in New York City. Relationships,Sexuality and other issues were explored in the first Season of Glee. This Season explored the interpersonal relationships between the members of the Glee Club and some of the staff and the club’s goals of winning and becoming a team.

CD-i games from The Legend of Zelda series

Link: The Faces of Evil, Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon and Zelda's Adventure were all Legend of Zelda games made for the Phillips CD-i video game console. They are some of the few Zelda games made for a video game console that was not owned by Nintendo. The games all received bad reviews for their poor game design, bad animation, and bad voice acting. Despite not being well-known at the time these games came out, the games became more well-known because of the internet.

In 2023, Zelda’s Adventure have unofficial demake on Game Boy.

Evgeniia Abdriziakova

Evgeniia Abdriziakova (born 7 June 1988) is a Russian water polo player. She played at the 2014 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 

Anastasia Verkhoglyadova

Anastasia Verkhoglyadova (born 12 June 1995) is a Russian water polo player.

She played at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, 2017 World Aquatics Championships, 2014 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship. and 2018 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

Yelena Starodubtseva

Yelena Starodubtseva (born 26 February 1989) is an Kazakhstani female water polo player. She was a member of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team. 

She was a part of the team at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Agnee Morcha

Agnee Morcha is a Hindi action movie from Bollywood starring Dharmendra, Ravi Kishan, Mukesh Khanna, directed by Raju Chouhan and produced by Rajesh Kothari. The film was released on 4 April 1997 under the banner of Shiva Dolly Films.


Idakka

The idakka (Malayalam: ഇടയ്ക്ക, literally", in the middle"), also spelt edaykka/edakka, is an hourglass-shaped drum from Kerala in south India. This handy percussion instrument is very similar to the pan-Indian damaru. While the damaru is played by rattling knotted cords against the resonators, the idakka is played with a stick. Like the damaru, the idakka's pitch may be bent by squeezing the lacing in the middle. The idakka is slung over the left shoulder and the right side of the instrument is gently beaten with a thin curve-ended stick.

Kombu (instrument)

Kombu or Kombu Pattu is a musical instrument. It is a long horn. People play this instrument by blowing into it. This instrument is used in the music from Kerala in southern India.

Princess Charlotte of Wales

Princess Charlotte of Wales (7 January 1796 – 6 November 1817) was the daughter of George IV, King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and his wife, Caroline of Brunswick. She was their only child.

Charlotte was born in London on 7 January 1796. On 2 May 1816, she married Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, who later became Leopold I of Belgium. On 5 November 1817, she gave birth to a stillborn boy. On 6 November 1817, she died from complications of the birth.

Princess Charlotte

Princess Charlotte might refer to:




2000 Year Old Man

The 2000 Year Old Man is a comedy sketch. It was first created by Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks in the 1950s. It was then first performed public in the 1960s. Brooks plays a 2000-year-old man. He is interviewed by Reiner in a series of comedy routines that were turned into a collection of records and also performed on television.

The main story for the sketches were laid during the making of "Your Show of Shows". Here, Reiner was an actor and Brooks was a writer. Reiner explains the first sketch:

It was originally a joke between the two that was then shared at parties. Reiner started bringing a tape recorder to the parties because of this. Lots of people such as George Burns said to the two that they should their sketches on an album. Only Steve Allen, however, wasa able to convince them to record it in his studio.

Their first television appearances while doing the sketch were on "The Ed Sullivan Show" in February 1961. It was then seen on "The Steve Allen Show" 8 months later.

Reiner and Brooks released five comedy albums. The 2000 Year Old Man character was shown on one track for each of the first three albums and was always shown in the last two.


It won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.

List of transport standards organisations

This is a list of transport standards organizations:

Kimberly water-holding frog

The Kimberly water-holding frog, long-footed frog, collared frog, blotchy frog or variegated burrowing frog ("Ranoidea longipes") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Kimberly region in Western Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland.

This frog lives in grasslands. It likes to dig in the ground. The females lay eggs in shallow water, 50 to 2000 at a time. The tadpoles grow into frogs after one month.

Social order

The term social order can be used in two ways: 

It may mean a particular system of social structures and institutions. Examples are the ancient, the feudal, and the capitalist social orders. 

Secondly, social order is the opposite of social chaos or disorder. It refers to a stable society where the existing social structure is supported by its members. 

The problem of order (the Hobbesian problem} is central to much of sociology, political science and political philosophy. It asks how and why social orders should exist at all.

Thomas Hobbes was the first to clearly formulate the problem. He answered with the notion of a social contract.

Social theorists (such as Karl Marx, Émile Durkheim, Talcott Parsons, and Jürgen Habermas) have proposed different explanations for what a social order consists of, and what its real basis is.


Call of Duty 2

Call of Duty 2 is the second installment of the Call of Duty series.

Glee: The 3D Concert Movie

Glee: The 3D Concert Movie is a 2011 American 3D movie. It is based on the Fox television series "Glee". It features the cast performing during the "Glee Live! In Concert!" tour.

Loa

Loa are the spirits of Voodoo. They are also referred to as "mystères" and "the invisibles" and are intermediaries between Bondye (from French Bon Dieu, meaning "good God") and humanity. They have their own personal likes and dislikes, songs, dances, ritual symbols (Veve), and special modes of service.

The word "Loa" ("lwa") comes from Yoruba "olúwa" (meaning "lord" or "God").

There are many families of loa: Rada (also Radha), Petro (also Pethro, Petwo), Agwé, Nago, Kongo and Ghede (also Guede, or Gede) among others. In a ritual the loa are called down by the "houngan" (priest) or "mambo" (priestess) to take part in the service, receive offerings, and grant requests.

Tepexpan man

The Tepexpan Man is the name of a skeleton, which was found on the shore of the former Lake Texcoco in central Mexico. Archaeologist Helmut de Terra discovered it in February 1947. It is at least 10,000 years old. Even though it is called the Tepexan "Man," the skeleton is that of a woman. The skeleton was found lying face down with the arms under the chest and the legs drawn up to the stomach. The body most likely sunk into the mud surrounding it, leaving the shoulder, back, and hips exposed, which might explain why those elements are missing. It is possible that the body was originally put in a lake.

The deposits of the area where the skeleton was found dated the site where Tepexpan Man was found to about 8,000 to 10,000 years ago. Near the skeleton, there were the remains of five mammoths. They could be associated with obsidian flakes. Therefore, it was originally believed that Tepexpan Man dated to about 10,000 years ago. However, years later, researchers looked at the skeleton again and dated the remains using radiocarbon methods. It was then found to be closer to 2,000 years old. Dr. Silvia Gonzalez, a professor of geoarchaeology at John Moore University in Liverpool, used uranium isotope analysis to date the skeleton. Results showed that Tepexpan Man was 4,700 years old. She argues that contamination of the remains led to the wrong radiocarbon dates. Other critics have claimed that Tepexpan Man was an intrusion in that he was buried at a later date but dug into Pleistocene materials.

An analysis of Tepexpan Man that was published in the 1947 issue of The Science Newsletter claims that the individual was at least 40 at the time of death. This was determined by "united seams in the skull" (referring to sutures), and fused epiphyses in long bones.

In his first report, Helmut de Terra claims that "The other bones, in conjunction with the skull, indicate that the person was of male sex." Based on DNA analysis, a Mexican archaeologist has proposed that Tepexpan 'man' was actually a woman.

Tepexpan Man has a healed fracture on his right ulna. De Terra thought that due to this fracture and the proximity to mammoth fossils, Tepexpan Man may have been a hunter who was either killed by his fellow men or mortally wounded while hunting. The Science Newsletter claims that the individual suffered from a stiff neck due to the many limy deposits on the cervical vertebrae. This means that Tepexpan Man most likely suffered from arthritis.

The Science Newsletter described Tepexpan man in its 1947 edition. It described Tepexpan Man as having "a high-domed, thin-walled skull" which contained "a brain the same size as those of present-day Indians." The writers described a "solidly built" jawline and "prominent" brow ridges, as well as a "sharply prominent chin" which would separate him from earlier Neanderthals. Tepexpan Man only had three teeth left in his upper jaw. In his lower jaw, all of the molars had disappeared before his death. This was evidenced by the alveolar sockets being healed and smoothed over in the mandible. What was left on the mandible included incisors, "eye-teeth," and premolars that were worn but still in decent condition.

Dr. Gonzalez also reconstructed the environment of Lake Texcoco around the time of Tepexpan Man by analyzing sediments and fossils from the area. With her team, she analyzed sand, clay, and volcanic ash, as well as fossils of diatoms (microscopic algae) and ostracods. Ostracods are small crustaceans. When Tepexpan Man was alive, the lake was very deep, full of fish, and surrounded by trees. The environment surrounding Lake Texcoco changed a lot over the past 20,000 years: There were several volcanic eruptions. Water levels, and several types of vegetation also changed. These environmental changes clearly affected populations living in the area. Today, Lake Texcoco has almost dried up. It is on the northeast outskirts of Mexico City.

AMS radiocarbon dates of the sediments at Tepexpan show ages between 19,110±90 and 612±2214C years BP. New uranium-series date the skeleton to 4,700±200 years BP, which would indicate a Holocene age. The evidence suggests that there were large changes around Lake Texcoco in terms of the balance between water and land plants, C3 and C4 plants, saline, alkaline and freshwater conditions, volcanic activity, reworking of lake sediments, and input from the drainage basin throughout the late Pleistocene and late Holocene. These changes also had large effects on the prehistoric human populations living around the lake at this time.


Androgyne

Androgyne is the combination of any two genders or gender identities, usually man and woman, or genders related to masculinity and femininity, associated with androgyny. Different from androgynous, it's used as a gender identity rather than being a gender expression or presentation.

The word is a mixture of ἀνδρ- (anér", andr-, andro-", man) and γυνή (gunē, gyné", gyne", woman).

Operation Moonshot

Operation Moonshot is a programme by the UK government to allow many people in England to be tested for COVID-19 as a way to allow large gatherings of people to happen there while maintaining control over the virus. According to the "British Medical Journal", the programme aims to perform 10 million tests per day by 2021.

People are worried about it because, as a leaked government document says, it is thought it may cost £100bn, which is about three-quarters of what the NHS England costs every year. Statisticians say because any test can have inaccuracies, mass testing at this scale might cause hundreds of thousands of false positives a day, resulting in very large numbers of people being told they are infected when they are not infected.

Quesadilla

A quesadilla is a typical Mexican dish. It is a tortilla, with added cheese. The quesadilla is then folded, and either baked or fried. In the area around Mexico City, other ingredients such as meat or mushrooms are added as well.

Kathleen Byerly

Kathleen M. Bruyere (née Donahue, previously Byerly; 5 February 19443 September 2020) was an American military captain in the United States Navy. She was one of the twelve women named by "Time" magazine as Time Person of the Year in 1975.

In May 1975, she became the first female officer in the Navy to became the flag secretary to an admiral commanding an operational staff. 

In 1977, Byerly was one of six officers who sued the United States Secretary of the Navy and the United States Secretary of Defense over their being restricted from serving on combat aircraft and ships. This led to the 1948 Women's Armed Services Integration Act being struck down as unconstitutional.

Byerly was born in Norfolk, Virginia. She died of cancer on 3 September 2020 in San Diego, California at the age of 76.

Narong Wongwan

Narong Wongwan (; 25 December 1925 – 10 September 2020) was a Thai politician and tobacco businessman. He was a long-term member of parliament representing Phrae.

He was the leader of the United Thai Party and the Justice Unity Party. He was publicly known as the "godfather" "(jao pho)" of Phrae or even "godfather of the North".

From 1983 to 1986, he was the Minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives. In 1992 for a short time, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand.

Wongwan died on 10 September 2020 at a hospital in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand from dementia, aged 94.

Bill Heller

Dr. Harold William "Bill" Heller (September 3, 1935 – September 11, 2020) was an American politician and educator. He was born in Scales Mound, Illinois. Heller was a member of the Democratic Party. From 2007 to 2011, he was a member of the Florida House of Representatives. 

Heller died on September 11, 2020 in St. Petersburg, Florida at the age of 85.

H. Jay Melosh

H. Jay Melosh (June 23, 1947 – September 11, 2020) was an American geophysicist. His works focused in impact cratering. He was born in Paterson, New Jersey. In 2003, he became a member of the National Academy of Sciences.

Melosh's research interests include impact craters, planetary tectonics, and the physics of earthquakes and landslides. His recent research includes studies of the giant impact origin of the moon and the Chicxulub impact.

Melosh died on September 11, 2020 at the age of 73.

Sei Ashina

Ashina killed herself on September 14, 2020 in Tokyo from hanging at the age of 36.

Petko Christov

Petko Jordanov Christov, O.F.M.Conv. (; 9 October 1950 – 14 September 2020) was a Bulgarian Roman Catholic prelate. He was a Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nicopoli from 1994 until his death. Christov was born in Velcevo, Veliko Tarnovo. 

Christov was president of the Catholic charity Caritas in Bulgaria and member of the Episcopal Conference of Bulgaria.

Christov died on 14 September 2020 at the age of 69.

François Debré

François Debré (3 April 1942 – 14 September 2020) was a French screenwriter and journalist. He was a member of the Société des gens de lettres. He was born in Toulouse, France. He was the son of Prime Minister Michel Debré.

He joined the magazine "Afrique contemporaine" in 1966 before becoming a freelance journalist in 1968. He worked in Biafra for "Le Monde", and in Cambodia and Vietnam for "L'Obs" and "Le Point". 

Debré died on 14 September 2020 in Montlouis-sur-Loire, France at the age of 78. His brother, Bernard Debré died the day before.

Sabit Brokaj

Sabit Brokaj (7 January 1942 ) was an Albanian politician, doctor, and professor. In 1991 Brokaj was the Minister of Health of Albania. He was also the Defence Minister between 1997 to 1998. He was a member of the cabinets of Rexhep Meidani and Ramiz Alia. Brokaj was born in Vlorë, Albania.

Mario Cafiero

Mario Alejandro Hilario Cafiero (21 January 1956 – 13 September 2020) was an Argentine politician. He was a member of Proyecto Sur. He was born in Buenos Aires. Cafiero was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1997 to 2005. In 2011, he unsuccessfully ran for Governor of the Buenos Aires Province.

Cafiero died on 13 September 2020 of colon cancer in Buenos Aires, aged 64.

Bernard Debré

Bernard Debré (30 September 1944 – 13 September 2020) was a French urologist and politician. He was a member ("député") of the National Assembly of France from 2012 to 2017. He was one of the representatives of the city of Paris. He was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. From 1992 to 2001, he was the Mayor of Amboise.

Debré was born in Toulouse, France. He was the son of Prime Minister Michel Debré and twin-brother of Jean-Louis Debré.

Debré died on 13 September 2020 of cancer at the age of 75. His brother, François Debré died the next day.

György Keleti

György Keleti (18 May 1946 – 13 September 2020) was a Hungarian politician. He was Minister of Defence between 1994 and 1998 during the Gyula Horn cabinet. From 1992 to 2010, he was a member of the National Assembly. He was born in Lučenec, Czechoslovakia. 

Keleti died on 13 September 2020 from a long-illness in Budapest, aged 74.

Raghuvansh Prasad Singh

Raghuvansh Prasad Singh (6 June 1946 – 13 September 2020) was an Indian politician. In the Lok Sabha, represented the Vaishali constituency of Bihar between 1996 to 2014. He was the national vice president of the Rashtriya Janata Dal political party until 2010. He was born in Vaishali, Bihar.

Singh died of COVID-19 on 13 September 2020 in New Delhi at the age of 74.

Jean-Louis Debré

Jean-Louis Debré (born 30 September 1944) is a French politician.

He was President of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 and President of the Constitutional Council from 2007 to 2016. 

He was the son of Prime Minister Michel Debré. 

He was Minister of the Interior from 1995 until 1997 during the presidency of Jacques Chirac. Since 2016 he has been President of the Superior Council of Archives.

Joaquín Carbonell

Joaquín Carbonell Martí (12 August 1947 – 12 September 2020) was a Spanish singer-songwriter and poet. He was born in Alloza, Spain. His career began in 1976. He wrote columns about traditional Argentine music on "El Periódico de Aragón". He was known for performing with Jose Antonio Labordeta. His last concert was in 2014. 

Carbonell died on 12 September 2020 in Zaragoza, Spain from COVID-19, aged 73.

Carlos Casamiquela

Carlos Horacio Casamiquela (June 9, 1948 – September 12, 2020) was an Argentine agricultural engineer and politician. He was appointed Minister of Agriculture of Argentina between November 2013 to December 2015. Casamiquela was born in Viedma, Río Negro Province.

Casamiquela died from COVID-19 on 12 September 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 72.

Viedma

Viedma () is the capital and fourth largest city of the Río Negro Province, in South-Central Argentina. In 2020, 80,632 people lived there. It is located on the southern margin of the Negro River, about 30 kilometres off the Atlantic Coast.

Río Negro (Argentina)

Río Negro (; "Black River") is the most important river of the Argentine province of Río Negro, and Patagonia. Its name comes from the literal translation of the Mapuche term "Curu Leuvu", although the water is more green than black. 

Formerly, it was also known as "river of the willows" because of the big number of weeping willows that grow along the bank. It's 635 km in length.


Aline Chrétien

Aline Chrétien (née Chaîné; May 14, 1936September 12, 2020) was a Canadian socialite. She was the wife of Canada's 20th prime minister, Jean Chrétien. In her later life, she was a trained pianist with The Royal Conservatory of Music. He was born in Shawinigan, Quebec. Between 1993 to 2003, she was the Spouse of the Canadian Prime Minister.

Chrétien died on September 12, 2020 in Shawinigan, Quebec from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 84.

Geills Turner

Geills Turner (née Kilgour; born December 23, 1937) is a Canadian businesswoman and socialite. She was the wife of John Turner, the 17th Prime Minister of Canada. Between June 1984 to September 1984, Turner was the Spouse of the Prime Minister of Canada. Turner was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Spouse of the prime minister of Canada

The spouse of the prime minister of Canada () is the wife or husband of the prime minister of Canada. Sophie Grégoire Trudeau was the wife of the 23rd and current prime minister, Justin Trudeau.

To date, 19 women have been the wives of the prime minister of Canada; Kim Campbell, the only female prime minister to date, was unmarried during her time in office.

Some media outlets have styled prime ministers' wives as the "First Lady of Canada", similar to the style of "First Lady". 

Vale of Leven Academy

Vale of Leven Academy is a secondary school in Alexandria, Scotland.

The school opened in 1884, as North Public School. It became a secondary school in 1909. In 1962 it moved to it's current location. The school is located in the south of Alexandria.

A new extension to the building was built in 1973 because the school was overcrowded.

In 1996 the school was used for scenes in a Scottish television show called Take the High Road.

On Saturday, 22nd June 2002, the extension to the school was set on fire and was destroyed. Classes were taught in temporary huts after the fire.

A new building was constructed in 2009 and the original building was demolished.

A bomb was brought in by a pupil in 2011 as part of a history project. The school was evacuated. The Royal Naval Bomb Disposal Squad removed the bomb and it was safely blown up.

In September 2018, the school was evacuated because of a fire started by a pupil in the toilets. There was not a lot of damage and the school reopened the next day.

Head teachers include:



Bob Crowell

Robert Lamson Crowell (November 28, 1945 – September 12, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was elected Mayor of Carson City, Nevada in 2008. He was mayor until his death. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Crowell was born in Tonopah, Nevada.

Crowell died at a hospital in Reno, Nevada on September 12, 2020 at the age of 74.

Tonopah, Nevada

Tonopah ( ) is an unincorporated town in and the county seat of Nye County, Nevada, United States. In the 2020 census, the population was 2,179.

Florence Howe

Florence Rosenfeld Howe (March 17, 1929 – September 12, 2020) was an American feminist author, publisher, literary scholar and historian. She was known as one of the leaders of the contemporary feminist movement. Howe was born in New York City.

She taught black children in a Mississippi freedom school during 1964 and chaired the Modern Language Association commission on the Status of Women in the Profession.

In 1967, she signed a public statement declaring her intention to refuse to pay income taxes in protest against the U.S. war against Vietnam. 

Howe also founded The Feminist Press in 1970.

She was a professor at State University of New York.

Howe died on September 12, 2020 at her home in New York City from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 91.

Shadow congressperson

The posts of shadow United States senator and shadow United States representative are held by elected or appointed government officials from subnational polities of the United States that do not have congressional vote. While these officials are not seated in either chamber of Congress, they seek for their political office to gain voting rights in Congress.






Cuties

Cuties (French: Mignonnes) is a 2020 French coming-of-age comedy-drama movie. It was written and directed by Maïmouna Doucouré. The movie stars Fathia Youssouf, Médina El Aidi-Azouni, Esther Gohourou, Ilanah Cami-Goursolas and Maïmouna Gueye. The movie is about a French-Senegalese Muslim girl who becomes interested in internet culture, even though a lot of it is against her religion. The film was first shown at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival on 23 January 2020. It was released in France on 19 August 2020, and to the rest of the world on 9 September 2020 on Netflix.

Critics mainly said that the movie was good, but many people online did not like the movie as they thought it showed children in a sexual way. The National Center on Sexual Exploitation agreed with the people online, and said that Netflix should not have released the movie.


Armoured frog

The armoured frog, armoured mist frog or Alexandra Creek tree frog ("Ranoidea lorica") is a frog from Australia. It lives in Queensland.

The adult male frog is 2.7 to 3.3 cm long and the adult female is 3.3 to 3.7 cm long. It is gray or brown in color with a white belly. Its eyes can be silver or gold in color. It has a round head and a short nose. It has vomerine teeth on its upper jaw. It has more webbing on its hind feet than on its front feet, and it has discs on its front toes. Male frogs grow spikes out of their skin when it is the time of year to attract females.

This frog is related to the waterfall frog.

Traveling Wilburys

The Traveling Wilburys were a British–American rock supergroup. It was a group of five singers who came together to make two albums, groups of songs sold together. The Traveling Wilburys were Tom Petty, Roy Orbison, Bob Dylan, George Harrison, and Jeff Lynne. They made two albums: "The Traveling Wilburys: Volume 1" and "The Traveling Wilburys: Volume 3". "Rolling Stone" said Volume 1 was one of the 100 best albums of all time.

The Traveling Wilburys started in 1988. The international department at Warner Brothers Records asked George Harrison to write a B-side song for his single, "This Is Love". In vinyl records, there is one song (or group of songs) on the top of the disc, and then the user can pick the disc up, turn it over, and have the record player play music on the bottom of the disc. The top is called the A side and the bottom is called the B side. In the late 1980s, most record companies sold single records with a famous song on the A side and a new song on the B side. Harrison wrote "Handle with Care" to be the B-side for "This Is Love". Because some of Harrison's friends were there keeping him company, they decided to sing "Handle with Care" together. The record company decided "Handle with Care" was too good a song to be a B-side, so they asked the men if they would make a whole album.

They did some of the recording in Bob Dylan's own studio in his outbuilding for his car. They did some of the work in Dave Stewart's kitchen. Stewart was in the band the Eurythmics.

The name "Traveling Wilburys" comes from "We'll bury." When he was recording his album "Cloud Nine", Harrison noticed some errors in the recording and said "Well bury them in the mix." At first the band was the Trembling Wilburys but they changed it to the Traveling Wilburys.

The musicians used pretend names for the album: George Harrison was "Nelson Wilbury," Bob Dylan was "Lucky Wilbury," Roy Orbison was "Lefty Wilbury," Tom Petty was "Charlie T. Jr.," and Jeff Lynne was "Otis Wilbury." This was meant as a joke and not to trick anyone. The Wilburys were five fictional brothers who all had the same father, Charlie T. Wilbury Sr., but different mothers.

Inside the paper around the album, there was also a pretend history of the Wilburys: "The original Wilburys were a stationary people who, realizing that their civilization could not stand still for ever, began to go for short walks – not the ‘traveling’ as we now know it, but certainly as far as the corner and back."

The Traveling Wilburys' first album, "Traveling Wilburys: Volume 1" was released in 1988. It reached #3 on Billboard's list of very good albums and sold enough copies for triple platinum.


The song "Tweeter and the Monkey Man" was written to make fun of the kinds of songs written by Bruce Springsteen up to that point.

The Traveling Wilburys' second album, "Traveling Wilburys: Volume 3" was released in 1990. Its title is not a mistake. Harrison skipped the number 2 on purpose.

Agata Tnasheva

Agata Tnasheva (born 6 February 1989) is an Kazakhstani female water polo player. She was a member of the Kazakhstan women's national water polo team.

She was a part of the team at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

Hanna Hanholz

Hanna Hanholz (born 17 November 1987) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2009 Women’s Water Polo World League. and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

She played for SV Blau-Weiß Bochum.

Blue Bloods (TV series)

Blue Bloods is an American police procedural drama television series that airs on CBS on September 24, 2010. It stars Tom Selleck, Donnie Wahlberg, Len Cariou, and Bridget Moynahan. Its main characters are members of the fictional Reagan family, an Irish-American Catholic family in New York City with a history of work in law enforcement, especially in the New York City Police Department (NYPD). The series is set and shot in New York City.


Alexandra Schilling

Alexandra Schilling (born 9 November 1981) is a German female water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2009 Women's Water Polo World League, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


Hurricane Sally

Hurricane Sally was an Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm threatened the United States Gulf Coast States of Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. Sally first developed near the Bahamas, moved over Florida, then became a tropical storm.

Tropical storm and hurricane notices were put up from Louisiana to northwest Florida as Sally came toward the region. Several million people prepared for the hurricane. Others left the area.

The storm later hit Alabama and northwestern Florida while a Category 2 hurricane.

Claudia Kern

Claudia Kern (born 28 January 1990) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Enrique Ramón Fajarnés

Enrique Ramón Fajarnés (1929 – 14 September 2020) was a Spanish politician and lawyer. He was born in Santiago de Compostela, Spain. Ramón Fajarnés was Mayor of Ibiza from 1971 to 1974. He was a Senator between 1982 to 1986. He was also a Deputy from 1986 to 1993. He was a member of the Union of the Democratic Centre.

Ramón Fajarnés died on 14 September 2020 in Ibiza at the age of 91.

Daniel Soulage

Daniel Soulage (14 February 1942 – 14 September 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Monflanquin, Lot-et-Garonne. He was a member of the Senate of France from 2001 to 2011, who represented the Lot-et-Garonne department. He was a member of the Centrist Alliance. 

Soulage was also Mayor of Monflanquin from 1983 to 2008 and Deputy from 1993 to 1997. 

Soulage died on 14 September 2020 in Lot-et-Garonne at the age of 78.

Christian Manen

Christian Manen (3 July 1934 – 11 September 2020) was a French composer and music teacher. In 1961 he won the Premier Grand Prix de Rome with the cantata "La Loreley". He worked at the Villa Medici in Rome until 1965. That same year, he began working at Conservatoire de Paris.

Manen died on 11 September 2020 at the age of 86.

Takashi Sugimura

Sugimura died on September 6, 2020 from heart failure in Tokyo at the age of 94.

Josephine Langford

Josephine Langford (born 18 August 1997) is an Australian actress. She is best known for her starring role as Tessa Young in the movies "After" and "After We Collided".

Dominique Kalifa

Dominique Kalifa (12 September 1957 – 12 September 2020) was a French historian, educator and columnist. He was born in Vichy, France.

Kalifa was professor at the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne. He was a member of the Institut Universitaire de France.

He was also taught at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po) from 2008 to 2015, and was several times visiting scholar at New York University and the University of Saint Andrews.

From 1990, he was also a columnist (historical reviews) for the French newspaper "Libération".

Kalifa killed himself on his 63rd birthday on 12 September 2020.

Atilio Pozzobón

Atilio Ángel Pozzobón (24 March 1938 – 12 September 2020) was an Argentine actor. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was known for his roles as Francesco in "Son of the Bride" (2001), as Saligani in "Lost Embrace" (2004) and as the movie Czar in "Ay Juancito" (2004). 

Pozzobón died on 12 September 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 82.

Linus Okok Okwach

Linus Okok Okwach (20 October 1952 – 12 September 2020) was a Kenyan Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Homa Bay. He was appointed as bishop of Homa Bay on 18 October 1993 and he resigned on 20 February 2002. Okwach was born in Kisumu, Kisumu County.

Okwach died on 12 September 2020 from problems caused by a fall at a hospital in Nairobi at the age of 67.

Azmi Mohamed Megahed

Azmi Mohamed Megahed (; 15 April 1950 – 12 September 2020) was an Egyptian volleyball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Dakahlia, Egypt.

Megahed died on 12 September 2020 in a hospital in Cairo due to COVID-19 at the age of 70.

First Blood

First Blood is 1982 American action movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1972 novel of the same name by David Morrell. It stars Sylvester Stallone, Richard Crenna, Brian Dennehy, Bill McKinney, David Caruso, Alf Humphreys and was distributed by Orion Pictures. It is the first movie in the "Rambo" franchise.


Annette Jahns

Annette Jahns (24 June 1958 – 11 September 2020) was a German operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto, and opera director. She appeared at international opera houses and festivals, with a focus on contemporary music including world premieres. She taught at the Hochschule für Musik Carl Maria von Weber Dresden. Jahns was born in Dresden.

Jahns died from a long illness in Dresden on 11 September 2020 at age 62.

Jack Roland Murphy

Jack Roland Murphy (or "Murph the Surf" or "Murf the Surf") (May 26, 1937 – September 12, 2020) was an American convicted murder and robber. He was also involved in the biggest jewel heist in American history, the 1964 burglary of the jewel collection of New York's American Museum of Natural History.

He was released from prison in 1986. He spent his latter years as an ordained minister, working with inmates in the field of prison ministry. He was born in Oceanside, California.

Murphy died on September 12, 2020 in Crystal River, Florida of heart and multiple organ failure, aged 83.

László Gálos

László Gálos (3 April 1933 – 11 September 2020) was a Hungarian volleyball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bátaszék, Hungary.

Gálos died on 11 September 2020 in Budapest at the age of 87. 

Srećko Štiglić

Srećko Štiglić (11 June 1943 – 10 September 2020) was a Croatian hammer thrower. He competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Štiglić's personal best was 70.10 m, set in 1981. He was born in Zagreb, Yugoslavia.

Štiglić died on 10 September 2020 at the age of 77.

Dickson Wamwiri

Dickson Wamwiri Wanjiku (December 24, 1984 – September 6, 2020) was a Kenyan taekwondo practitioner. Wamwiri qualified for the men's 58 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, after winning the championship title from the African Qualification Tournament in Tripoli, Libya.

Wamwiri died on September 6, 2020 from cardiac arrest in Nairobi at the age of 35.

Zelmar Casco

Zelmar Casco (31 July 1926 – 5 September 2020) was an Argentine fencer. He competed in the individual and team épée events at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in La Plata, Argentina.

Casco died on 5 September 2020 in Buenos Aires at the age of 94.

Orlando Bauzon

Orlando "Orly" Bauzon (November 17, 1944 – September 5, 2020) was a Filipino basketball player and coach. He was born in Calasiao, Pangasinan. Between 1973 to 1978, he played for the Toyota Super Corollas. He also played for the national team for the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Bauzon died on September 5, 2020 from cardiac arrest in Manila at the age of 75.

Félix Suárez Colomo

Félix Suárez (6 December 1950 – 3 September 2020) was a Spanish racing cyclist. He competed in the sprint event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Cistérniga, Spain.

Suárez Colomo died on 3 September 2020 at the age of 69.

Nada Birko

Nada Birko (1 November 1931 – 1 September 2020) was a Yugoslavian cross country skier during the 1950s. She finished 14th in the 10 km event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. Birko was born in Mrkopalj.

Birko died on 1 September 2020 in Zagreb at the age of 88.


Terje Steen

Terje Steen (13 January 1944 – 1 September 2020) was a Norwegian ice hockey player. He was born in Oslo, Norway and represented the club Vålerengens IF. He played for the Norwegian national ice hockey team, and participated at the Winter Olympics in 1968 and 1972.

Steen died on 1 September 2020 in Oslo at the age of 76.

List of speakers of the National Assembly of Republika Srpska

This article lists the speakers of the National Assembly of the Republika Srpska.


Nedeljko Čubrilović

Nedeljko Čubrilović (born 5 April 1953) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He was the 6th Speaker of the National Assembly of Republika Srpska from 2014 to 2022.

In 2000, he joined the Democratic People's Alliance (DNS). Shortly after, he was elected as the 1st president of the newly established DEMOS on 22 December 2018 in Banja Luka.

Nedeljko is married to Miloja Čubrilović, and they have a son named Đuro and a daughter named Mirjana. They live in Banja Luka, where Nedeljko works.

Momčilo Krajišnik

Momčilo Krajišnik (; 20 January 1945 – 15 September 2020) was a Bosnian Serb politician.

Along with Radovan Karadžić, he co-founded the Bosnian Serb nationalist Serb Democratic Party (SDS). 

Between 1990 and 1992, he was speaker of the People's Assembly of Republika Srpska. Between June and December 1992, he was member of the expanded Presidency of Republika Srpska.

After the Bosnian War, he was elected Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the September 1996.

In 2006, Krajišnik was found guilty of committing crimes against humanity during the Bosnian War (1992–95) by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and was sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment. H

Krajišnik was hospitalized in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska with COVID-19. He died on 15 September 2020 from the infection, aged 75.

President of Republika Srpska

The President of Republika Srpska is the highest executive authority in Republika Srpska, an entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 

It is one of the executive authorities. The president of Republika Srpska is directly elected for a term of four years.

Rajko Kuzmanović

Rajko Kuzmanović (; born 1 December 1931) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He was President of the Republic of Srpska from 7 December 2007 to 15 November 2010.

He replaced the Acting President Igor Radojičić. Kuzmanović won the election against Ognjen Tadić of the Serbian Democratic Party with 41.33% of the vote.

Željka Cvijanović

Željka Cvijanović (born 4 March 1967), is a Bosnian Serb politician, serving as the 8th and current Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina. She was the 9th President of Republika Srpska from 2018 until 2022. 

She was the 11th Prime Minister of Republika Srpska from 12 March 2013 to 19 November 2018. 

On 7 October 2018 she was elected to be President of Republika Srpska. Cvijanović is a member of the Alliance of Independent Social Democrats.

At the 2022 general election, she became the first woman to be elected member of the Presidency.

List of prime ministers of Republika Srpska

This article lists the prime ministers of Republika Srpska.


Radovan Višković

Radovan Višković (; born 1 February 1964) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He is the 13th and current Prime Minister of Republika Srpska, and a member of the Alliance of Independent Social Democrats (SNSD).

National Assembly (Republika Srpska)

The National Assembly of Republic of Srpska () is the legislative body of the Republika Srpska, one of two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The current assembly is the ninth since the founding of the entity.


President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina represents the Federation and is a head of the federal executive power. Term of the Federal President is 4 years.

Safet Halilović

Safet Halilović (3 April 1951 – 10 May 2017) was a Bosnian politician and professor. 

Halilović was President of "Renaissance", a Bosniak cultural association, from 1990 to 1992. He was President of the Bosniak Cultural Centre, Sarajevo from 1995 to 1998.

He was the 6th President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1 January 2002 until 27 January 2003. He was also the Minister of Civil Affairs from 23 December 2002 to 11 January 2007 and then Minister of Human Rights and Refugees from 11 January 2007 until 12 January 2012.

Halilović died in Sarajevo on 10 May 2017 at the age of 66.

Marinko Čavara

Marinko Čavara (born 2 February 1967) is a Bosnian Croat politician. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He is the 10th President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Fadil Novalić

Fadil Novalić (born 25 September 1959) is a Bosnian politician. In 2015, he became Prime Minister of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

He is a member of the Party of Democratic Action (SDA).

House of Peoples of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The House of Peoples of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is an upper house of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the lower being the House of Representatives. Federal laws need to be passed by both houses. 

The House of Peoples is made out of 17 delegates from each of the constitutive nations of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosniaks, Croats and Serbs as well as seven delegates of the minorities. The House of Peoples has one chairman and two vice-chairmans.

Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Serbo-Croat-Bosnian: "Parlament Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine"/Парламент Федерације Босне и Херцеговине) is the bicameral legislature of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (FBiH).

The lower house is the House of Representatives, while the upper house is the House of Peoples. The House of Representatives is made up of 98 members, while House of Peoples is composed of 58 members. 

In total, the Parliament is made up of 156 members. Members of the House of Representatives are chosen by secret ballot, while members of the House of Peoples are chosen by each Cantonal legislature.

House of Representatives of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The House of Representatives of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the lower house of the Parliament of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the legislative body of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina.


List of members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

This article lists the members of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina since the country's independence on 1 March 1992.

The Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina is made of three members, each member representing one of three constitutive nations of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Bosniaks, Bosnian Croats (elected from the Federation) and Bosnian Serbs (elected from Republika Srpska). 

Fikret Abdić

Fikret Abdić (born 29 September 1939) is a Bosnian politician and businessman.

In 2002 he was convicted on charges of war crimes against Bosniaks loyal to the Bosnian government by a court in Croatia and sentenced to 20 years imprisonment, which was later reduced on appeal to 15 years by the Supreme Court of Croatia.

On 9 March 2012, he was released after having served two thirds of his reduced sentence.

Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Serbo-Croatian: "Predsjedništvo Bosne i Hercegovine" / Предсједништво Босне и Херцеговине) is the three-member body which serves as head of state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the presiding member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which collectively serves as head of state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Živko Radišić

Živko Radišić (, ; 15 August 1937 – 5 September 2021) was a Bosnian Serb politician. He was the 5th Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

From 1982 to 1985 he headed the defense ministry of SR Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 1996, he became a founding member of the Socialist Party of Republika Srpska.

Radišić was elected Bosnian Serb member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Presidency in September 1998, defeating the incumbent Momčilo Krajišnik by 45,000 votes. 

Radišić died on 5 September 2021 at a hospital in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina at the age of 84.

Milorad Dodik

Milorad Dodik (; born 12 March 1959) is a Bosnian Serb politician. He is the Serb member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Šefik Džaferović

Šefik Džaferović (born 9 September 1957) is a Bosnian politician currently representing the Bosniak presidency in the country. He is the 8th and current Bosniak Member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

He is the current Vice-president of the Party of Democratic Action (SDA) as well.

From 2002 until 2018, he was as a senior member of the House of Representatives of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Royal Astronomical Society

The Royal Astronomical Society (RAS) is a learned society and charity that supports the study of astronomy, solar-system science, geophysics and closely related branches of science. 

Its headquarters are in Burlington House, on Piccadilly in London. The society has over 4,000 members ("Fellows"), most of them professional researchers or postgraduate students. Around a quarter of Fellows live outside the UK.

Scepter

A scepter is an ornamented wooden staff carried by rulers. A sceptre is used on ceremonial occasions as a symbol of sovereignty.

Wanda Seux

Juana Amanda Seux Ramírez (3 January 1948 – 2 September 2020), better known as Wanda Seux, was a Paraguayan-born vedette, dancer, and actress. Her career began in 1973. Her best known roles were in "La vida difícil de una mujer fácil" (1979), "Spicy Chile" (1983) and "Paradas Contínuas" (2009). 

Seux died on 2 September 2020 in Mexico City from problems caused by multiple strokes and breast cancer at the age of 72.

Al Kasha

Alfred Kasha (January 22 1937 – September 14, 2020) was an American songwriter. He was best known for "The Morning After" from "The Poseidon Adventure". He was born in New York City. He also wrote the Aretha Franklin single "Operation Heartbreak".

Kasha died on September 14, 2020 in Los Angeles, aged 83.

Tam Ping-man

Tam Ping-man (14 November 1933 – 5 September 2020) was a Hong Kong actor and singer. He was known as the "dubbing king". In addition, he was the first horse racing commentator in Hong Kong. He was born in British Hong Kong. Tam was known for his roles as Uncle Fortune in "Exiled" (2006), Big Boss in "Wild City" (2015) and in "House of Wolves" (2016).

Tam died on 5 September 2020 in Hong King at the age of 86.

Lennart Forsberg

Lennart Forsberg (28 March 1928 – 6 September 2020) was a Swedish footballer. He played as a left winger. Forsberg debuted in 1945 with GIF Sundsvall. He also played for Djurgården.

Forsberg died on 6 September 2020 at the age of 92.

M. S. Gill

Manohar Singh Gill (born 14 June 1936) is an Indian politician. He is a member of the Indian National Congress party. He was the Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports. He represents Punjab in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.

Kutztown, Pennsylvania

Kutztown is a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States, southwest of Allentown and northeast of Reading. As of the 2020 census, the borough had a population of 4,162.

Glacier Bay water shrew

The Glacier Bay water shrew ("Sorex alaskanus") is a type of mammal in the family Soricidae. It only lives in Alaska in the United States. It can swim underwater. The water shrew can run on the surface of the water. It eats the nymphs of invertebrates that live in the water. It also eats invertebrates that live on land.

2020 Sudan floods

In September 2020, a large amount of rainfall in Sudan caused a massive flood across at least 16 Sudanese states with the Blue Nile reaching water levels not seen for a century. 

It is the most severe floods recorded in the region. A state of emergency was declared, and teams have worked to prevent damage to threatened archaeological sites. 

The flood affected more than 500,000 people, destroyed more than 100,000 homes, and killed over 100 people.

The Comeback Trail (2020 movie)

The Comeback Trail is an upcoming crime comedy movie written and directed by George Gallo. It is a remake of the 1982 movie of the same name by Harry Hurwitz. It stars Robert De Niro, Tommy Lee Jones, Morgan Freeman, Zach Braff, Emile Hirsch and Eddie Griffin.

The movie is scheduled to be released on November 13, 2020, by Cloudburst Entertainment.

Arena da Amazônia

Arena da Amazônia ("Amazon Arena") is a football stadium in Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil, located on the former site of the Vivaldão stadium. 

The stadium has an all-seater capacity of 44,300 and was constructed from 2010 to 2014 as part of Brazil's hosting of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. 

It hosted matches of the football tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics. During the World Cup, the arena had a limited maximum-capacity of 40,549.

Cinereus shrew

The cinereous shrew ("Sorex cinereus") is a type of shrew. It is found in Alaska, Canada, and the northern United States. It is also called the masked shrew or the common shrew.

It is grey-brown in colour. It light grey belly and a pointed snout. It has a long tail. Its body is about 9 cm in length including a 4 cm long tail. It weighs about 5 g. They can live up to two years.

It lives in most of northern and southern North America to the Rocky Mountains in the west, and to the Appalachians in the east. This species was introduced into Newfoundland in the late 1950s. It can be found in many types of habitats like arid grasslands, places with lots of water, woodlands, and tundra. It mostly lives in humid places and with lots of plants to hide in.

Cinereus shrews eat insects, worms, snails, small rodents, salamanders, and seeds. They can only live for a few hours without food because of their high metabolism.

Predators include larger shrews, hawks, owls, shrikes, snakes, herons, foxes, leopard frogs, bluebirds, brown trouts, and weasels.

The cinereus shrew can be diurnal or nocturnal depending on the weather. It digs tunnels but also uses tunnels made by other small mammals. It uses dry grass to make nests in these tunnels. It does not like other shrews to come into its territory.

Cinereus shrews breed from May to September. Females give birth to 6 to 7 young ones. The young ones are born hairless and do not have claws. They become sexually mature at two months. But they wait until their first spring to breed.

Ranoidea macki

Ranoidea macki is a frog from Indonesia. It lives in Papua Province. Scientists have only seen it in the headwaters of the Wapoga River.

Mandy Zollner

Mandy Zollner (born 17 April 1985) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship squads, 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.

Tatjana Steinhauer

Tatjana Steinhauer (born 28 January 1990) is a German water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, and 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship.

At the club level, she played for Hannoverscher SV, and SV Blau-Weiß Bochum.

American pygmy shrew

The American pygmy shrew ("Sorex hoyi") is a type of shrew. It found in Northern Alaska, Canada, and the northern and southern United States.

It is found in northern coniferous and deciduous forests of North America. It is believed to be the second-smallest mammal in the world. Because of its fast metabolism, it is always eating.

The American pygmy shrew is the smallest mammal native to North America. Its is about 5 cm (2 in) long. It weighs about 2.0 to 4.5 g (0.07 to 0.16 oz). Its fur is reddish or grayish brown during the summer. It is white-gray during the winter. It molts about two times a year. It has a narrow head with a pointed nose, and whiskers. The eyes are small.

They are found from Northern Alaska, to the Rocky Mountains. They are also found from the Great Lakes region, to the Appalachians, to the eastern side of Canada. Even though the American pygmy shrew prefers wet habitats, it has been seen in places with both wet and dry soil.

It mainly eats insects and insect larvae, and worms. To stay alive, the American pygmy shrew has to eat every 15 to 30 minutes, day and night.

Predators of the American pygmy shrew include hawks, brook trout, owls, snakes, and domestic cats.

Little is known about the reproduction of American pygmy shrews. They appear to mate all year round. The gestation period is estimated to be 18 days. Females give birth to three to eight young ones. They usually leave the family at the age of 25 days. The maximum lifespan of an American pygmy shrew is believed to be about 16–17 months.

Pygmy shrews dig through soil to look for food. They can use tunnel made by other animals to help them look for food. They do not sleep or rest for a long time. They have great senses of smell and hearing to help them find their food.

Anja Seyfert

Anja Seyfert (born 9 April 1990) is a German female water polo player.

She was part of the Germany women's national water polo team at the 2010 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2016 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2012 Women's Water Polo World League, and 2016 Women's Water Polo Olympic Qualification Tournament.

She studied medicine.


COVID-19 pandemic in Liechtenstein

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Liechtenstein in early March 2020. With total population of 38,749 (as of 31 December 2019), in 29 March infection rate is 1 case per 472 people.

On 3 March 2020, the first case was reported in the country with a young man who had contact with an infected person in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2020, one person died from the virus in Liechtenstein.

Kaspar Villiger

Kaspar Villiger (pronounced Caspar Feeleeger; born 5 February 1941) is a Swiss businessman and politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1989–2003). In 1995 and again in 2002, he was President of the Swiss Confederation. Villiger was born in Lucerne. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland.

In 2004, he became member of the board of directors of Nestlé and Swiss Re.

On 15 April 2009, he was elected chairman of the Board of Swiss banking giant UBS, holding this post until 3 May 2012.

Klaus Schwab

Klaus Martin Schwab (born 30 March 1938) is a German engineer and economist. He is best known as the founder and executive chairman of the World Economic Forum. He was born in Ravensburg, Germany.

Lana Marks

Lana J. Marks (born November 18, 1953) is a South African-born American handbag designer. She founded the fashion brand Lana Marks.

She was also the United States Ambassador to South Africa for the Donald Trump administration. She became the ambassador on January 28, 2020 and left office a year later on January 20, 2021.

In September 2020, it was reported that Iran was planning an assassination plot against Marks because of the U.S. involvement in the death of Qasem Soleimani.

Konstantina Kouteli

Konstantina Kouteli (born 10 April 1981) is a Greek female water polo player.

She was part of the Greek women's national water polo team at the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship, 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, and 2009 World Aquatics Championships.


E. Jean Carroll

Elizabeth Jean Carroll (born December 12, 1943) is an American journalist and columnist. She is known for her "Ask E. Jean" column which appeared in "Elle" magazine from 1993 through 2019.

In June 2019, Carroll accused Les Moonves and Donald Trump of sexually assaulting her in the mid-1990s. Both Moonves and Trump denied the allegations. Carroll later sued Trump for defamation and battery. On May 9, 2023, she was given $5 million by a jury, which found Trump guilty for defamation and sexual abuse against her.

Bobbie Phillips

Bobbie Phillips (born January 29, 1968) is an American actress and animal rights activist. Phillips was born in Charleston, South Carolina. She is known for her rols as Cam in "Chameleon" (1998) and as Julie Costello in the television legal drama "Murder One".

Clive Russell

Clive Russell (born 7 December 1945) is a Scottish actor. He is known for his roles as Chief Inspector Frederick Abberline in "Ripper Street", Angus O'Connor in "Happiness" and Brynden Tully in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".

North Riding of Yorkshire

The North Riding of Yorkshire is one of the three historic subdivisions (ridings) of the English county of Yorkshire, alongside the East and West ridings.


Pribilof Island shrew

The Pribilof Island shrew ("Sorex pribilofensis") is a type of shrew. It is only found on the Pribilof Islands of Alaska.

Saint Lawrence Island shrew

The Saint Lawrence Island shrew ("Sorex jacksoni") is a type of shrew. It is only found on Saint Lawrence Island.

Lamu

Lamu or Lamu Town is a small town on Lamu Island in Kenya. Situated by road northeast of Mombasa.

Lamu Town on Lamu Island is Kenya's oldest continually inhabited town and was one of the original Swahili settlements along coastal East Africa. It is believed to have been established in 1370. It is a UNESCO World Heritage site.

The town was founded in the 14th century and it contains many fine examples of Swahili architecture. The old city is inscribed on the World Heritage List as "the oldest and best-preserved Swahili settlement in East Africa".

The town contains the Lamu Fort on the seafront. The fort was completed by the early 1820s.

In 2011, proposals were being advanced to build a deep-water port which would have much greater capacity in terms of depth of water. China has begun to transform Lamu into the largest port in East Africa.

Since the island has no cars, transportation and other heavy work is done with the help of donkeys. There are some 3000 donkeys on the island.

The song "Lamu" by Christian singer Michael W. Smith is inspired by the island. The song is about running away from life's problems.

Lamu is the setting of Anthony Doerr's short story "The Shell Collector" from his collection of stories by the same name.

Part of the events in the novel “Our Wild Sex in Malindi” (by Andrei Gusev) takes place in Lamu.

Sorex

The genus Sorex includes many of the common shrews of Eurasia and North America. It contains at least 142 known species and subspecies. They are in the tribe Soricini of the subfamily "Soricinae".

The many species in the genus "Sorex" include:

Peter Scully

Peter Gerard Scully (born 13 January 1963) is an Australian man who is imprisoned in the Philippines because he raped young children.

Peter Scully was born on 13 January 1963 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. He said that he was raped by a priest as a child. He lived in the Narre Warren suburb of Melbourne, Victoria with his wife and two children. In 2011, he fled to the City of Manila, Philippines. There, he raped and tortured 75 children. He filmed it and sold the video named "Daisy's Destruction" for up to $10,000 on his website "No limits fun" ("NLF" for short) on the Darknet. He also filmed himself killing a girl named Cindy. On 20 February 2015, Scully was arrested by the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) for 100 years.

Montane shrew

The montane shrew ("Sorex monticolus") is a type of shrew in the genus Sorex. It is also called the dusky shrew.

Montane shrews are small, long tailed shrews. They can grow up to 103 and 142mm long. It moults two times a year. They are brownish and silvery white or gray in summer.

The montane shrew can be found from northern Alaska to New Mexico and from the Pacific coast to central Manitoba. They also live in the Rocky Mountains, Blue Mountains, and the Sierra Nevada. They can be found on Vancouver Island and Queen Charlotte Island.

Montane shrews live in a lot of habitats such as tundra, alpine meadows, forests, and prairies. They are usually found in forest floor. They almost never dig a burrow.

Montane shrews are live by themselves. They do not hibernate. They almost never sleep or rest. They are always eating.

Montane shrews are insectivorous. It eats insects and their larvae, earthworms, spiders, snails, and, rarely eats small salamanders. Montane shrews have been seen eating conifer seeds, lichens, and fungi.

The breeding season may last from February to August. The gestation period is estimated to be about 13 to 28 days. The young ones are born in a small nest made from grass and kept under a rock or fallen tree. They are given birth to blind and naked. At the age of 3 weeks they are weaned. The expected to live up to 12 to 18 months.

Pride parade

Pride parades (also known as pride marches, pride events, and pride festivals) are events where people support lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, non-binary and queer (LGBTQ) acceptance, achievements, legal rights, and gay pride.

Jeremy Farrar

Sir Jeremy James Farrar (born 1 September 1961) is a British medical researcher. He is director of the Wellcome Trust, and has held this position since 2013. He was previously a professor of tropical medicine at the University of Oxford.

Farrar's research interests are in infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, dengue fever, typhoid fever, malaria, and H5N1 influenza.

American water shrew

The American water shrew ("Sorex palustris") is a type of shrew. It is also called a northern water shrew. It is found throughout the mountain ranges of the northern United States and in Canada and Alaska.

Claudio Merulo

Claudio Merulo (8 April 1533 – 4 May 1604) was an Italian composer and organist of the late Renaissance. 

Eastern indigo snake

The eastern indigo snake ("Drymarchon couperi") is a type of snake in the family Colubridae. It is native to the eastern United States. It is the longest native snake in the United States. It is the largest snake in the United States. It is also the largest, non-venomous snake in the southeastern United States.

The eastern indigo snake has a blue-black colour. It is the longest native snake species in the United States. Males usually grow up to 1.58 m (5.2 ft) in length. Females usually grow up to 1.38 m (4.5 ft) in length. Males usually weigh 2.2 kg (4.9 lb). Females usually weigh 1.5 kg (3.3 lb).

The eastern indigo snake is found from southwestern South Carolina south through Florida and west to southern Alabama and southeastern Mississippi.

The eastern indigo snake likes flatwoods, hammocks, dry glades, stream bottoms, sugarcane fields, riparian thickets, and sandy soils.

The eastern indigo snake mostly lives in scrublands in Florida and Georgia with different types of plants. These are mainly longleaf pine, southern live oak, laurel oak, Chapman oak, and myrtle oak.

The Eastern indigo snake eats other snakes, turtles, lizards, frogs, toads, lots of small birds and mammals, and eggs.

The Eastern indigo snake is oviparous. The breeding season is from November to April. Females lay their eggs from May to June. Females lay from 4 to 12 eggs. Young hatch in about 3 months, usually in August and September.

The eastern indigo snake is threatened by habitat loss. It is believed to be extinct in Alabama.

The eastern indigo snake was extinct in northern Florida because of habitat loss and fragmentation. The eastern indigo snake was last seen in Apalachicola Bluffs and Ravines Preserve in 1982, until 2017 when 12 snakes were released as part of a conservation program. 20 more snakes were released in 2018. 15 snakes in 2019.

Kevin Magnussen

Kevin Jan Magnussen (born 5 October 1992) is a Danish racing driver.

Gary Unmarried

Gary Unmarried is an American sitcom television series on CBS from September 24, 2008 to March 17, 2010.

FiveThirtyEight

FiveThirtyEight is a website that makes forecasts about elections, sports, and other topics. It also publishes articles about those topics. It was created by statistician Nate Silver on March 7, 2008. FiveThirtyEight's name comes from the number of electors in the United States Electoral College.

FiveThirtyEight is famous for correctly predicting the winner of all 50 states in the 2012 United States presidential election. In the 2016 election, FiveThirtyEight said that Donald Trump had a 28.6% chance to win. Trump did win. However, 28.6% was much higher than other people thought, such as The New York Times and The Economist.

FiveThirtyEight has also analyzed at the calibration of their forecasts. If a forecast with good calibration says that many things each have a 40% chance of happening, then about 40% will. Their forecasts are fairly accurate.

Perri &quot;Pebbles&quot; Reid

Perri Arlette Reid (or "Pebbles"; born August 29, 1964) is an American R&B and pop music singer-songwriter and businesswoman. She was famous for her hit songs "Girlfriend" (1987), "Mercedes Boy" (1988) and "Giving You the Benefit" (1990). Also, Reid created the contemporary R&B group TLC. 

Reid was born Perri Arlette McKissack, one of four siblings, to two mixed African American parents. 

Reid began using the name Sister Perri as part of a religious conversion.

Reid was born in Oakland, California.

Skyhooks (band)

Skyhooks was an Australian rock band formed in Melbourne in March 1973 by Greg Macainsh on bass guitar and backing vocals, and Imants "Freddie" Strauks on drums.

Pat Smullen

Patrick J. "Pat" Smullen (22 May 1977 – 15 September 2020) was an Irish jockey. He won the Irish flat racing Champion Jockey title nine times. Smullen was born in County Offaly, Ireland.

Smullen died on 15 September 2020 from pancreatic cancer at the age of 43.


Aloysio de Andrade Faria

Aloysio de Andrade Faria (9 November 1920 – 15 September 2020) was a Brazilian banker and billionaire. At the time of his death he was known as being one of the world's oldest billionaires. He was born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais. Faria also owned one of the largest Guarana plantations in the world, the Transamerica Corporation, including a hotel and media groups.

Faria died on 15 September 2020 in Campinas, Brazil at the age of 99.

William L. Ogg

William Lynn Ogg (May 17, 1937 – September 10, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995 to 2002. His district was located in Scioto County, Ohio. He was born in Portsmouth, Ohio. Ogg was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Ogg died on September 10, 2020 in Portsmouth at the age of 83.

Identity document

An identity document is any document that may be used to prove a person's identity. If issued in a small, standard credit card size form, it is usually called an identity card (IC, ID card, citizen card) or passport card. Some countries issue formal identity documents as national identification cards.

Many countries require all foreigners to have a passport or national identity card from their home country available at all times if they do not have a residence permit in the country.

The shape and size of identity cards were standardized in 1985 by ISO/IEC 7810. Some modern identity documents are smart cards including a difficult-to-forge embedded integrated circuit that were standardized in 1988 by ISO/IEC 7816. New technologies allow identity cards to contain biometric information, such as a photograph; face, hand, or iris measurements; or fingerprints. Many countries now issue electronic identity cards.

Identity cards allow officials to look up security data on a person in the host country's information system. Photos of the person's head are scanned into the system to prevent identity theft. A scanned photograph of the face gives a unique series of numbers which identifies that particular individual.

The earliest identity document was written into law by King Henry V of England with the Safe Conducts Act 1414. For the next 500 years and before World War I, most people did not have or need an identity document.

Richard Madden

Richard Madden (born 18 June 1986) is a Scottish actor. He is known for his roles as Robb Stark in the first three seasons of HBO's fantasy drama "Game of Thrones".

