The phylum is usually divided into 9 or 10 taxonomic classes, of which two are entirely extinct. Cephalopod molluscs, such as squid, cuttlefish and octopus, are among the most neurologically advanced of all invertebrates: they have good brains and complex behaviours. Either the giant squid or the colossal squid is the largest known invertebrate species. The gastropods (snails and slugs) are by far the most numerous molluscs in terms of classified species, and account for 80% of the total. The scientific study of mollusks is called malacology.

The three most universal features defining modern mollusks are:

Other than these things, mollusks have so much variety that many textbooks use a "hypothetical ancestral mollusk" to summarize them (see below). This has a single, "limpet-like" shell on top, which is made of proteins and chitin reinforced with calcium carbonate. It is secreted by a mantle covering the whole upper surface. The underside of the animal consists of a single muscular "foot".

The mollusk's feeding system starts with a rasping "tongue", the radula. The complex digestive system uses mucus and microscopic, muscle-powered "hairs" called cilia. The generalized mollusk has two paired nerve cords, or three in bivalves. The brain, in species that have one, circles the oesophagus. Most mollusks have eyes, and all have sensors to detect chemicals, vibrations, and touch. The simplest type of molluscan reproductive system relies on external fertilization, but more complex variations occur. All produce eggs, from which may emerge trochophore larvae, more complex veliger larvae, or miniature adults.

A striking feature of molluscs is the use of the same organ for multiple functions. For example, the heart and nephridia ("kidneys") are important parts of the reproductive system, as well as the circulatory and excretory systems. In bivalves, the gills both "breathe" and produce a water current in the mantle cavity: this is important for excretion and reproduction. In reproduction, molluscs may change gender to accommodate the other breeding partner.

Good evidence exists for the appearance of gastropods, cephalopods and bivalves in the Cambrian period, 541 to 485.4 million years ago (mya). Before that, the evolutionary history of molluscs' emergence from the ancestral Lophotrochozoa is still unclear.

Mollusk species can also represent hazards or pests for human activities. The bite of the blue-ringed octopus is often fatal, and that of "Octopus apollyon" causes inflammation that can last for over a month. Stings from a few species of large tropical cone shells can also kill: their venom have become important tools in neurological research. Schistosomiasis (also known as bilharzia, bilharziosis or snail fever) is transmitted to humans via water snail hosts, and affects about 200 million people. Snails and slugs can also be serious agricultural pests, and accidental or deliberate introduction of some snail species into new environments has seriously damaged some ecosystems.

Because mollusks have so many different shapes, many textbooks start the subject of molluscan anatomy by describing what is called an "archi-mollusc", "hypothetical generalized mollusc", or "hypothetical ancestral mollusc" ("HAM") to illustrate the most common features in the phylum. The picture is rather similar to modern monoplacophorans: some think it may resemble very early mollusks.

The generalized mollusk is bilaterally symmetrical and has a single, "limpet-like" shell on top. The shell is secreted by a mantle covering the upper surface. The underside consists of a single muscular "foot". The visceral mass, or visceropallium, is the soft, nonmuscular metabolic region of the mollusc. It contains the body organs.

Classes of molluscs:

It has become clear that the fossil taxon Helcionelloida does "not" belong to the class Gastropoda. It is now a separate class in the Mollusca. Parkhaev (2006, 2007) created the class Helcionelloida, whose members were previously treated as "Paleozoic mollusks of uncertain systematic position" by Bouchet & Rocroi.


Sponge (animal)

A sponge is a member of the phylum Porifera. It is a simple animal with many cells, but no mouth, muscles, heart or brain. It is sessile: it cannot move from place to place the way most animals can. A sponge is an animal that grows in one spot like most plants do. Nevertheless, sponges are quite successful.

The basic body plan is a jelly-like layer sandwiched between two thin layers of cells. Their bodies are full of pores and channels allowing water to circulate through them. Most of them feed on bacteria and other microorganisms. A few of them eat tiny crustaceans.

There are more than 10,000 species of sponge. Most sponges live in the ocean. A few live in fresh water. All sponges take in water through pores (little holes) in their bodies. The water goes out through a big tube in the center. Most sponges filter (take out) little bits of food from the water going through their bodies. Animals that get food this way are called filter feeders.

Sponges are the oldest animals with fossil evidence (from ~635 million years ago).

Sponges are simple animals. A few things make them different from other animals. 

There are four classes of sponges. The difference between these kinds is in how their skeleton is made.


Sponges are sessile, they live in one place, where they are "fixed" to the ground. A few sponges can change their position, they can move at speeds of between 1 mm and 4 mm a day. They do this like amoebae. A few species can contract their whole bodies. Many can close their openings/holes.

A few species live in waters where there is very little food available. They have therefore changed, and became predators. They eat small crustaceans and other small animals. Most of these sponges belong to the family Cladorhizidae, but a few members of the Guitarridae and Esperiopsidae are also carnivores. In most cases little is known about how they actually capture prey. Some species are thought to use either sticky threads or hooked spicules. Most carnivorous sponges live in deep waters, up to , and the development of deep-ocean exploration techniques is expected to lead to the discovery of several more. However one species has been found in Mediterranean caves at depths of 17-23m alongside the more usual filter feeding sponges. The cave-dwelling predators capture crustaceans under long by entangling them with fine threads, digest them by enveloping them with further threads over the course of a few days, and then return to their normal shape; there is no evidence that they use venom.

Most known carnivorous sponges have completely lost the water flow system and choanocytes. However the genus "Chondrocladia" uses a highly modified water flow system to inflate balloon-like structures that are used for capturing prey.

Sponges usually reproduce when little pieces break off. If such a piece has the right types of cells it can grow to become a new sponge. A few sponges can also use budding. With budding a small sponge grows on the parent; when it is done growing, it simply "falls off". When the conditions are bad, some sponges can also grow lumps of unspecialised cells. These will not develop until the conditions improve again. They can then either make a new sponge, or they can use the skeleton of the parent sponge (that died).

Most sponges reproduce sexually. They can make sperm cells that are released into the water. These are either captured by another sponge, and are then transported to the egg cells of the parent. This is known as "viviparous". Both cells are joined to form larvae, which can swim off to find a good place to settle.

The other way, known as "oviparous" is that both sperm cells and egg cells are released into the water. These then combine outside the sponges.

A report in 1997 described how bottlenose dolphins in Shark Bay used sponges as tools: A dolphin may attach a marine sponge to its rostrum (snoutlike projection). It is thought the sponge is used to protect the rostrum when the dolphin is looking for food in the sandy sea bottom but scientists have not confirmed this. The behaviour, known as "sponging", has only been seen in this bay, and is almost exclusively shown by females. A study in 2005 concluded that mothers teach the behaviour to their daughters, and that all the sponge-users are closely related. This suggests that it is a fairly recent innovation. Dolphins also use sponges as an exfoliator, rubbing their skin against the sponge attached to the rock to get rid of their old/dry skin.

The calcium carbonate or silica spicules of most sponges make them too rough for most uses, but two genera, "Hippospongia" and "Spongia", have soft, entirely fibrous skeletons. Early Europeans used soft sponges for many purposes including padding for helmets, portable drinking utensils and municipal water filters. Until synthetic sponges were invented, they were also used as cleaning tools, for painting, and as contraceptives. In the 20th century, overfishing is a problem. This has caused the animals, as well as the industry behind it to be close to extinction.

Many objects with sponge-like textures are now made of substances that do not come from poriferans. Synthetic "sponges" include personal and household cleaning tools; breast implants; contraceptive sponges.

The luffa "sponge", also spelled "loofah", which is commonly sold for use in the kitchen or the bath, is not derived from an animal but from the fibrous "skeleton" of a gourd (Cucurbitaceae).

Kibibyte

A kibibyte (KiB) is a unit of information or computer storage. A kibibyte is 1024 bytes, 1024 kibibytes are a mebibyte.


Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life

Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life is a 2003 action movie from Paramount Pictures. It is the second movie to star Angelina Jolie as the title character from the "Tomb Raider" video games.

Amplitude

The amplitude or peak amplitude of a wave is a measure of how big its oscillation is.

Amplitudes are always measured as positive numbers (for example: 3.5, 1, 120) and are never negative (for example: -3.5, -1, -120). That's because distance can only be greater than zero or equal to zero; negative distance does not exist.

The distance from the top of one peak to the bottom of another is called "peak-to-peak amplitude". Another way to describe peak-to-peak amplitude is to say that it is the distance between the maximum positive value and the maximum negative value of a wave is the maximum displacement of a wave from an equilibrium position


Ska

Ska is a popular music from Jamaica that began in the 1950s. Ska music that was first played at a slower tempo then became reggae in the late 1960s.

Ska music bands include singers, electric guitars, electric bass guitar, piano, organ, saxophone, trumpet, and trombone. In ska, the electric guitar and piano normally play short chords on the off-beat. If you go "one and two and three and four", the off-beat is the "and". 

A ska singer does a style of Jamaican singing called "toasting." When a singer is "toasting", they make sounds, repeat words, invent rhymes, and shout into the microphone. The Jamaican "toasting" style of singing and talking was adapted into rap music in the 1980s.

Musicians who play ska dress in hats and suits. Many ska bands wear clothes with a chessboard pattern of black and white squares. Doc Martens are a common type of shoe. This pattern symbolizes the way that ska music mixes of Black and White musicans and styles of music.There was a British genre of ska-punk influenced by The Specials, Madness and the English Beat, that began to dress in kilts.

Even though ska was developed in the 1950s, it became popular again in the 1980s in Britain. In the 1980s, ska bands such as The Specials, The Selecter, The Beat, UB40 and Madness played ska music.

In the 1990s, some bands mixed ska music with Punk rock to make ska-punk. This kind of ska music is from England and the United States. Some pop-punk bands from the 1990s mixed pop-punk with ska-punk.




Braille

The Braille system is a way of writing things. It is named after Louis Braille, the French man who invented it. The system is used by blind people to read and write. The Braille system uses a set of raised bumps or dots that can be felt with a finger. Each set of dots is a character in an alphabet, and the numbers and some punctuation.

Louis Braille was not the first person to think about how to let the blind read and write. In the 17th century the Italian Jesuit Francesco Lana thought about different systems of writing for the blind. He invented a system of dashes that could be felt.

Valentin Haüy was one of the first French who was interested in the problems the blind had when they wanted to communicate. Haüy was born in Picardie in 1745, and studied languages at the university in Paris. First he studied deaf people who could not speak, then blind people. In his opinion the biggest problem of the blind was that they could not read. He then invented a system which allowed them to read and write sentences and to do mathematics. Later he started a school for blind children. His writing system used two columns which had between one and six positions each. Vowels had a dot in the left column, for example.

Charles Barbier used a similar system, because Napoleon wanted a code that soldiers could use to exchange messages silently and without light at night. Barbier called it night writing. Night writing uses two columns of six dots. It uses phonemes (separate sounds), not letters. Barbier's system was too hard for soldiers to learn, and the military did not use it. From the year 1821, he started to test his system in the school Haüy had founded. There it became very successful. Even though the system was difficult to learn, it did help the blind to read better than earlier systems. Barbier had understood that it was better to use a system that used dots over one that used lines.

Barbier met Braille when he visited the National Institute of the Blind. Braille saw the biggest problem of the code: The human finger cannot feel the whole symbol at one time. This makes it impossible to move rapidly from one symbol to the next. Braille's change was to use a 6 dot cell — the braille system — which completely changed how the blind would read and write.

Braille can be seen as the world's first binary way of character encoding. The system as originally invented by Braille has two parts

Braille is used with different languages today. In each language, the letters are "encoded" differently, depending on the alphabet. The list of codes is known as braille code, or code page. There are also different braille codes in use for special purposes, like writing shorthand, mathematics or music.

To make it possible to read faster, certain transcriptions of Braille use shortened words, or contractions. This is known as "Grade 2 Braille".

Braille uses cells of six raised dots, in two columns of three dots. The dot positions on the left are numbered one, to three, the ones on the right four to six, as shown in the picture.

Each symbol is coded with certain dots present, and others absent. The dots are approximately 0.02 inches (0.5 mm) high; inside the cell, the dots are about 0.1 inches (2.5 mm) apart. The space between the dots of two cells is about 0.15 inches (3.75 mm) horizontally and 0.2 inches (5 mm) vertically. A standard braille page is 11 inches by 11 inches and typically has between forty and forty-two braille cells per line and twenty-five lines.

As first made by Louis Braille, the first group of characters, using just the top 4 dots of the braille cell, represents letters "a" through "j" (this group of ten characters is called a "decade"). Dot 3 (bottom left) is added to each of the "a" through "j" symbols to give letters "k" through "t". Both of the bottom dots (dots 3 and 6) are added to the first decade to give letters "u", "v", "x", "y", and "z". The letter "w" is left out of this group because French did not use the letter "w" when Louis Braille made his alphabet. The fifth decade is the same as the first decade, but shifted down by a row (dots 1 and 4 are blank).

English braille has codes for the letters and some punctuation, and some double letter signs and word signs directly, but capitalization and numbers need a prefix symbol. In practice, braille produced in the United Kingdom does not use capital letters.

There are braille codes for representing shorthand (produced on a machine which embosses a paper tape) and for representing mathematics (Nemeth Braille) and musical notation (braille music).

Braille can be made using a "slate" and a "stylus" in which each dot is created from the back of the page, writing in mirror image, by hand, or it may be produced on a special braille typewriter or "Perkins Brailler", or produced by a braille embosser attached to a computer. It may also be made using a refreshable braille display.

The six bit braille code is very limited, it only allows 64 different possible combinations. This means that many things need more than one braille character to be coded. One example for this is how numbers are coded in English braille: First there is a symbol that says the next symbol is a number, and then there is the symbol for the number. The symbol for "number" is usually given only once; every symbol that follows is treated as a number, until there is a space.

Braille has been extended to an 8 dot code, particularly for use with braille embossers and refreshable braille displays. In 8 dot braille the added dots are added at the bottom of the cell, giving a cell 4 dots high by 2 dots wide. The additional dots are called 7 (for the lower-left dot) and 8 (for the lower-right dot). 8-dot braille has the advantages that capital and lower cases of the letters are directly coded in the cell, a capital letter does not need two cells. All the printable ASCII characters can be represented in a single cell, and all 256 possible combinations of 8 bits are encoded by the Unicode standard. Braille with six dots is frequently stored as braille ASCII.

It is possible to transcribe braille by replacing each letter with the braille code for the letter. This is usually known as "Grade 1 Braille". Grade 1 braille is mostly used by beginners.

The basic problem of Grade 1 braille is that braille "letters" are much larger than printed ones. The standard page is 11"x11" (28 cm by 28 cm) in size and only has room for twenty-five lines of forty characters. This means a book would need to be very thick compared to a standard printed book.

For this reason almost all English braille books use a transcription known as "Grade 2 braille". Grade 2 braille uses contractions, which allows to save space and increase reading speed. Grade 2 braille was developed by linguists (people who study languages), who also looked at customs, styles and practices. Transcribing a text into Grade 2 braille is difficult, and the people doing the transcription need to have a special education.

In English, there are 23 words which are replaced with a single letter. That way, the word "but" is contracted (shortened) to the single letter "b," "can" to "c", "do" to "d", and so on. Even this simple rule has exceptions and special cases, which must be thought of. As an example, only the verb "to do" is replaced by "d", the noun "do" (which stands for a note in music) is a different word, and is written in full.

Sometimes, part of words are contracted, and a character can mean different things in different parts of a word. There are many rules for this process. For example, the character with dots 2-3-5 (the letter "f" lowered in the braille cell) stands for "ff" when used in the middle of a word. At the beginning of a word, this same character stands for the word "to" although the character is written in braille with no space following it. At the end of a word, the same character represents an exclamation point.

The contraction rules cannot be used when it would make a problem with a prefix or suffix on the word. Also, some rules are flexible and may depend on the situation. So when the rules permit the same word to be written in more than one way, preference is given to "the contraction that is closer to the correct pronunciation."

"Grade 3 Braille" is a system that includes many additional contractions. It is almost like a shorthand. It is rarely used for books, but people use it to be able to write and read fast, for themselves. It can be used for taking notes.

Only very few people can use grade 4 braille. It uses many rules to shorten grade 3 even further. It allows a blind person to use shorthand to follow spoken conversation. Very often, systems of seven or eight dots are used.

The current Canadian paper money has raised dots on the bills that shows its value. This helps blind people who might otherwise be cheated. This 'tactile feature' does not use standard braille but, instead, a system developed by working with blind and visually impaired Canadians after they found that not all people who needed it could read braille.

Braille may not be the main way blind people read and write. In Britain (for example), of the two million visually impaired people, "only about 15-20 thousand use Braille". In the U.S.A. according to the 2015 "Annual Report" from the American Printing House for the Blind, there were 61,739 legally blind students registered in the U.S. Of these, only "8.6% (5,333) were registered as braille readers", 31% (19,109) as visual readers, 9.4% (5,795) as auditory readers, 17% (10,470) as pre-readers, and 34% (21,032) as non-readers. 

Currently, among the estimated 85,000 blind adults in the United States, 90% of those who are Braille-literate are employed. Among adults who do not know Braille, only 33% are employed.

Younger people are turning to electronic text on computers which can be read aloud by software programs. This is a good communication method they can use with their friends. Inevitably, software will go on advancing, as it does in all its functions. Also, there are audio sources for literature: some are available for use without computer links. Much thought is going into all these issues. 

A term which is useful to know is "accessible publishing": Accessible publishing means books and other texts are available in formats designed to aid or replace the reading process. Examples are: varieties of larger fonts, specialised fonts for certain kinds of reading disabilities, Braille, e-books, and automated Audiobooks and digital talking books. This means that Braille is only one way for sighting-impaired people to go; also that there are many more partially sighted people than registered blind people. The partially sighted obviously have more choices.

There are many extensions of Braille for additional letters with diacritics, such as "ç, ô, é".

When braille is adapted to languages which do not use the Latin alphabet, the blocks are generally assigned to the new alphabet according to how it is transliterated into the Latin alphabet, not the alphabetic order of the national script. This is the case with Russian (Cyrillic alphabet), Greek, Hebrew, Arabic, and Chinese. In Greek, for example, "gamma" is written as Latin "g", even though it is the third letter of that alphabet (like the Latin "c"). Hebrew "beth", the second letter of the alphabet and cognate with the Latin letter "b", is instead written "v", as it is commonly pronounced. Esperanto letters with circumflexes, "ĉ", "ĝ", "ĥ", "ĵ" and "ŝ", are written as those letters without circumflexes with a filled sixth dot.

More differences are in Chinese braille. In Mandarin Braille, which is based on Zhuyin rather than the Latin Pinyin alphabet, the Latin braille values are used for the first consonants and the simple vowels. There are additional blocks for the tones, diphthongs, and any following vowel + consonant combinations. Cantonese Braille is also based on Latin braille for many of the initial consonants and simple vowels, but the blocks also have different values depending on whether they are in a leading syllable or following syllable position. For instance, the block for Latin "k" represents old-style Cantonese "k" ("g" in Yale and other modern Romanizations) when initial, but "aak" when final, while Latin "j" represents Cantonese initial "j" but final "oei".

However, at least two adaptations of Braille have completely reassigned the Latin sound values of the blocks. These are:

In Japanese Braille, alphabetic signs for a consonant and vowel are combined into a single syllable block; in Korean Braille, the consonants have different leading and following syllable forms. These changes made Braille much more compatible with Japanese kana and Korean hangul, but meant that the Latin sound values could not be kept.

Trained readers of Braille can read about 100 words per minute; trained readers who do not have sight problems can get to around 250 to 300 words per minute.


Switch

A switch is something that changes the flow of an electrical circuit. The most common kind of switch is something (for example a railroad switch) which can be taken off of one course and put onto another. The term "switch" usually means electrical power. In applications where more than one switch is needed, (i.e. a telephone service) mechanical switches have been replaced by electronic switches which can be controlled automatically.

The switch is called a "gate" when used in a mathematical form. In logic, arguments are represented as logic gates. The use of electronic "gates" to work as a system of logical gates is the basic idea behind the computer —i.e. a computer is a lot of electronic switches that work as logic gates.

There are many types of switches. Some of these are: 

The word 'switch' can also mean to change between two things. For example, on a railway line, sometimes the track can split into two different tracks. If the train is travelling on one line and changes over to the other, it has just done a switch.


Francis Bacon

Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St. Alban KC, (22 January 1561 – 9 April 1626), was an English philosopher, statesman, and author. He has been described as one of the greatest thinkers ever whose ideas have changed the way people think.
He was born in London, the son of Sir Nicholas Bacon, and the nephew of Queen Elizabeth's advisor, William Cecil. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge. His first job was as a lawyer. He later became a Member of Parliament and in 1586 he took a leading part in having Mary Queen of Scots executed. He became a friend of Robert Deveraux, the Earl of Essex, in 1591, and received many valuable gifts from him. After Essex led a rebellion against the Queen, Bacon was one of the people who led the investigation which led to Essex's execution in 1601.

Bacon was often in trouble for spending too much, and in 1601 he was arrested for debt. When King James became king in 1603, Bacon's position improved. He was knighted in 1603. He was one of the people who argued for the joining of England and Scotland together as one country, which happened after his lifetime, in the 1700s. Bacon married Alice Barnham in 1606, and the next year he was made the Solicitor General. He continued to be given better paying positions including Attorney General, Lord Keeper, and Lord Chancellor.

He was made Baron Verulam in 1618, and Viscount St Albans in 1621. Because he did not have children both titles ended when he died.

He used his positions to make more money for himself, and in 1621 the Parliament found that he was corrupt. He was fined £40,000 and removed from all his jobs. King James overturned the fine, but he was kept as a prisoner in the Tower of London for a while.
He became best known as a leading thinker in new ways of looking at the world. His writings started and made famous a way of thinking about science. This way of thinking is now called the "Baconian method". It is based on looking at the world by making experiments. After watching the results the scientist comes up with an idea to explain what has happened. This idea or hypothesis is then further tested by more experiments. This way of thinking about science is called inductive methodology. In Bacon's time these methods were linked with magic including hermeticism and alchemy. Alchemy was the study of fire, earth, water and air. Alchemists tried to make gold from lead.


Sled dog

Sled dogs, known also as sleigh dogs, sledge dogs or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel-less vehicle on runners (a sled or sleigh) over snow or ice, by means of harnesses and lines.


Overland Expedition

The Overland Expedition, also called the Overland Relief Expedition or Point Barrow-Overland Relief Expedition, was a long trip in 1897–8, by three officers of the United States Coast Guard (then named the "U.S. Revenue Cutter Service"), with the help of two civilians, using sled dogs and reindeer to rescue more than 250 whalers trapped in the Arctic Ocean by ice around their ships.

The rescue was ordered by then-U.S. President William McKinley. McKinley later talked about the rescue in a letter dated January 17, 1899 to the United States Congress, in which he asked Congress to award the officers Congressional Gold Medals, and to pay the civilians for their help:

It will be remembered that in the month of October, 1897, reports were
received here of the probable loss of the whaling fleet in the Arctic
regions, and of the likelihood that nearly 300 men, composing the
officers and crews of the fleet, would perish from hunger unless succor [an old word for help] could reach them early in the spring. ...<br>
The overland expedition was formed, and consisted of First Lieut. David
H. Jarvis, Revenue-Cutter Service, commanding; Second Lieut. Ellsworth
P. Bertholf, Revenue-Cutter Service, and Dr. Samuel J. Call, surgeon of
the "Bear", all volunteers. ...<br>
They were materially aided by Mr. W.T. Lopp, agent of the American Missionary Society at Cape Prince of Wales, and Artisarlook, a native of that region, both of whom, at great personal sacrifice, left their families and accompanied the reindeer herd to Point Barrow.
The overland expedition, after a difficult and hazardous journey of
nearly 2,000 miles through the storms and bitter cold of an Arctic
winter, reached Point Barrow with the herd on the 29th of March, 1898,
three months and twelve days from their landing from the "Bear" at
Cape Vancouver, Alaskan coast of Bering Sea. They arrived none too soon. ... [due to] bad sanitary conditions and want of proper food, the men from the whale ships quartered there were found upon the verge of great suffering, while sickness had broken out among them. ...<br>
I have therefore the honor to submit the following recommendations and
to ask your favorable action: ...<br>
That gold medals of honor of appropriate design, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury, be awarded to Lieutenants Jarvis and
Bertholf and Dr. Call, commemorative of their heroic struggles in aid of
suffering fellow-men. ...<br>
That the sum of $2,500 be appropriated to be disbursed by the
Secretary of the Treasury in bestowing rewards upon W.T. Lopp,
Artisarlook, and native herders, who rendered material aid to the relief
expedition.

Number theory

Number theory is a part of mathematics. It explains what some types of numbers are, what properties they have, and ways that they can be useful.

Topics in number theory are: 

Important theorems in number theory are: 

A well-known application of number theory is encrypted messaging (encryption). Data compression also makes use of the field.



Tear gas

Tear gas is the name for a number of chemical compounds. They are not actually gases. They are fine powders or mists of liquid. The chemicals are acidic and cause pain in the eyes. Tear gas may cause temporary blindness for up to 45 minutes. Tear gas is commonly used by police to control crowds. Phenacyl chloride (CN) liquid and CS powder are two of the chemicals that are often found in tear gas. Pepper spray is another chemical compound that acts very similarly and is sometimes used to control crowds.

Tear gas is a chemical weapon, and was used as a weapon in the First World War. The 1925 Geneva Protocol is not specific enough about the use of irritating agents, such as tear gas in war. The Chemical Weapons Convention, of 1992 prohibits the use of tear gas for warfare. The use as a riot control agent is not covered by the treaty.

The use of tear gas also has problems: Usually, of tear gas are thrown; they can hit and injure people. A case of serious injury to the blood vessels from tear gas shells has also been reported from Iran, with high rates of associated nerve injury (44%) and amputation (17%), as well as instances of head injuries in young people. Directly exposing skin to tear gas may lead to chemical burns and allergic reactions of the skin.

In the short term, the medical consequences are usually limited to skin inflammation. delayed complications are also possible: people with respiratory conditions such as asthma are likely to need medical attention and may sometimes require hospitalization or even ventilation support. Skin exposure to CS may cause chemical burns or induce allergic contact dermatitis. When people are hit at close range or are severely exposed, eye injuries involving scarring of the cornea can lead to a permanent loss in visual acuity. Frequent or high levels of exposure carry increased risks of respiratory illness.



Kaba Ma Kyei

The National Anthem (; ) is the national anthem of Myanmar. The song and lyrics were made by Saya Tin with help from a Burmese nationalist group called Thakins. It is made up of two parts. The first half is a traditional Burmese part. The second half is a Western-style orchestra part. Because of the second half, the "National Anthem" is commonly known as "" (, ; ).

Yangon

Yangon () also known as Rangoon, is the largest city in Myanmar. It was also the capital city until 2006. The city is by a river called Hlaingthayar, and is close to the sea. Yangon has more than 4 million people living there.

Yangon was founded as Dagon in the 6th century AD by the Mons, who ruled Lower Burma at that time. Dagon was a small fishing village centered about the Shwedagon Pagoda. In 1755, King Alaungpaya conquered Dagon and renamed it "Yangon". The British captured Yangon during the First Anglo-Burmese War (1824–26) but returned it to Burma after the war. The city was destroyed by a fire in 1841.

The British took Yangon and all of Lower Burma in the Second Anglo-Burmese War of 1852, and then changed Yangon into the most important city of British Burma. The British constructed a new city on a grid plan on delta land. It was bound to the east by the Pazundaung Creek and to the south and west by the Yangon River. Yangon became the capital of all British Burma after the British had captured Upper Burma in the Third Anglo-Burmese War of 1885. By the 1890s Yangon's increasing population and commerce gave birth to prosperous residential suburbs to the north of Royal Lake (Kandawgyi) and Inya Lake. The British also established hospitals including Rangoon General Hospital and colleges including Rangoon University.
Colonial Yangon, with its spacious parks and lakes and mix of modern buildings and traditional wooden architecture, was known as "the garden city of the East." By the early 20th century, Yangon had public services and infrastructure on par with London.

Before World War II, about 55% of Yangon's population of 500,000 was Indian or South Asian, and only about a third was Bamar (Burman). Karens, the Chinese, the Anglo-Burmese and others made up the rest.

After World War I, Yangon became the center of Burmese independence movement. The leftist Rangoon University students led the way. Three nationwide strikes against the British Empire in 1920, 1936 and 1938 began in Yangon. Yangon was under Japan's occupation (1942–45), and was heavily damaged during World War II. Yangon became the capital of Union of Burma on 4 January 1948 when the country regained independence from the British Empire.

Pyinmana

Pyinmana (, ; population: 100,000 (2006 estimate)) is a small town in Mandalay Division of Myanmar. The government in 2005 decided to move the capital city from Yangon to an area away west of Pyinmana on November 6, 2005, near the town, named Naypyidaw, which means Royal City. Pyinmana is approximately north of Yangon.

Myanmar kyat

A kyat () is a kind of money used in Myanmar. The symbol for it is K. One kyat is equal to 100 pya. One kyat is almost equal to 1000 US dollars.

Burmese language

Burmese (in Burmese "", pronounced /baa-MAA-saa/) is a language spoken in Myanmar (also known as Burma). Burmese is a Sino-Tibetan language, meaning that is close to Chinese and Tibetan.

Burmese is written in Burmese script. 

Burmese is a tonal language. Burmese has three tones (high, medium, low: plus two 'stops or abbreviated additional, qualifying 'tones")"

Burmese has no gender. For instance, the word သူ (pronounced "thew") could mean "he" or "she". However, some words have natural gender e.g. ဆရာ "saya" (male teacher) and ဆရာမ "sayama" (female teacher).

Unlike in English, verbs in Burmese do not change based on tense. Instead, other words are added after to show tense.

Burmese has many English and Indian words (loan words) due to colonization by the British and interaction with the neighboring country of India. However, Burmese is a very distinct and full language itself with a long history and many different dialects.

Here are some examples of words and sentences in Burmese.

Hello = "min-ga-la-ba"

How are you? = "Nei kaun la?"

I am (name) = "Cha-naw yè nan-bè ga _______"

("Kya-naw" is replaced with "kya-ma" for females.

What is your name? = "Ka-mya na mei be' lo khal le' " (OR) na mei be' lo khal le' (You can omit "Ka-mya=You")

Are you from Burma? = "Nae ba-ma pyi ga la da la?"


Danielle Steel

Danielle Fernande Schuelein-Steel (born August 14, 1947 in New York City) is an American writer. Steel was an only child. Her parents divorced when she was young. She was looked after by relatives and family employees in Paris and New York City. She was a lonely child and read a lot of books and poetry.

Coat of arms

A coat of arms is a unique design painted on a shield. These designs may be inherited, meaning that they pass from a father to his children. In the Middle Ages, these designs were shown on real shields, but today they are usually only drawn or painted on the paper that makes them legal which is called a grant of arms. The grant of arms is usually allowed only when it is given by the government of a country or its agent. In England, this is called the College of Arms and in Scotland is called the Lord Lyon.

Coats of arms are normally issued for real people. Nowadays, lots of countries and businesses also have coats of arms. Each symbol on the coat of arms will represent something that has an important meaning to that person, country or company.

Coats of arms have many base shield designs that can be added on to, such as the , , , , , and many more. These examples shown are called "Ordinaries". An example of an item to add on to the base designs are called . These charges can be classified as emblems added on to the coat of arms base shield. It is also optional to have a . In simple terms, the supporter is usually an animal seeming like it is holding up the shield of the coat of arms. The Royal Coat of Arms of The United Kingdom seen below is an example of supporters. Lastly, the final main piece of many coats of arms is called the . The crest is a symbol of some sorts usually resting on top of the shield base of the coat of arms. This crest can be any shape, but usually has to fit within the color palette.



Spear

A spear is a weapon used in Antiquity and the Middle Ages. It is meant to primarily stab. Some spears can also slash. Some kinds of light weight spears were also meant to be thrown.

A lance is a special spear used from horseback. Knights often used it during medieval times. A pike is a very big spear for infantry to fight horsemen.

Hat

A hat is a type of covering for the head, and there are many types of hats. 

Hats are different in different parts of the world. Some hats are worn by women, other hats by men, others by both; infants and children may also wear hats, and some hats are not worn by anyone at all. These hats are just used for decoration. People who make hats for men are called hatters, and those who make hats for women are called milliners. The kinds of hats (or caps, which are like hats) worn by different groups within various societies in different countries are very numerous. 

Some types of hats or caps are worn as a sign of social roles. For example, bishops wear mitres and some lawyers wear wigs. In these cases the special headware is only worn on specific occasions. Monarchs wear crowns on special occasions. 

All kinds of clothing send social messages as to what the person is. For years workmen in Britain wore caps, but foremen (supervisors) wore bowler hats. So, in traditional societies it was expected of a person that he or she would dress appropriately. Other people would know from their clothes what kind of person was on view. That aspect of hats and clothing in general is much less true today.
Some examples of hats:

Traditionally during the 19th and early 20th centuries, it was considered bad form to wear hats indoors, except in barns and the most public spaces inside public buildings. Women traditionally were exempt during church services and formal dinners. Today, certain establishments such as banks, schools and military facilities ban hats, and many companies ban hats as part of their employee dress codes.


Postage stamp

Postage stamps are pieces of paper which signal that payment has been made for the item to be mailed.

These days they have adhesive on the back. They are put on the top right-hand corner of an envelope. They pay the fee for having the postal service take the envelope to where it is being sent. 

The idea was British, and the first postage stamps were issued in Britain in the mid-nineteenth century. On 1 May 1840, the Penny Black, the first adhesive postage stamp, was issued in the United Kingdom.

There are a lot of different postage stamps in the world. Most countries have their own stamps. People collect them in books called stamp albums. Sometimes, the stamps all have errors in the printing like in the "Inverted Jenny" picture with the aeroplane printed upside down.

People on stamps is one more common topic in stamp collecting. For instance, many famous people are featured on stamps in the United States. 
Maps on stamps is a common topic on stamp collecting. Almost every country has featured maps on stamps. There are also topic maps including demographic and cross topic ones (showing explorer routes over maps).

Czechoslovakia

Czechoslovakia or Czecho-Slovakia was a country in Europe. It split off from Austria-Hungary in 1918 and split apart in 1993.

In mid-1938 Nazi Germany took over Czechoslovakia and split off Slovakia. Sudetenland was annexed by Germany, other parts of Czechia became its protectorate named Bohemia and Moravia. After World War II the USSR liberated these lands and kept Zakarpattia because of the Ukrainian (Rusyn) majority in that region. 

By 1948 pro-Soviet communists got the power finally and declared the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic. It was a member of Warsaw Treaty Organization and COMECON , one of the richest countries of the Eastern Bloc. In the Prague Spring of the late 1960s, Czechoslovak leader Alexander Dubcek pursued his own policy of a ‘socialism with a human face’. In 1968 Warsaw Pact troops invaded Czechoslovakia to restore the old system.

In 1989 Czechoslovakia peacefully changed its political system in the "Velvet Revolution". On 1 January 1993, Czechoslovakia split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia. The countries separated in peace.


1410s

The 1410s was a decade that began on 1 January 1410 and ended on 31 December 1419.



William Randolph Hearst

William Randolph Hearst (April 29, 1863–August 14, 1951) was an important American newspaper owner who was born in San Francisco, California.

He was the only child of Phoebe Apperson Hearst, a former schoolteacher from Missouri, and George Hearst, a successful miner who became a multimillionaire and later a US Senator from California.

Hearst was a member of the US House of Representatives for New York between 1903 and 1907, as a member of the Independence Party, which he started.

Hearst was a media tycoon. He started a newspaper empire, which is now the Hearst Corporation. He became known for publishing sensationalist stories, which were often false or only very loosely based on the truth.

Hearst used most of the profits to build his own private palace, Hearst Castle.

The film "Citizen Kane" by Orson Welles is based upon the story of Hearst's life.

Learned at Harvard

Joseph Pulitzer

Joseph Pulitzer (April 10, 1847 – October 29, 1911) was an American publisher of Jewish descent. He is best known for the Pulitzer Prizes, which were started after his death by his will.

He is also known, long with William Randolph Hearst, for starting yellow journalism as a way to sell more papers by printing sensationalism in articles.

Joseph Pulitzer was born in Makó, in present-day Hungary. Originally, he wanted to do a military career, but was turned down by the Austrian army. They said his health was bad and that he did not see very well. He went to live in the United States in 1864 to serve the Union in the American Civil War. After the war he settled in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1868 he began working there for a German-language daily newspaper, the "Westliche Post". He joined the Republican Party and was elected to the Missouri State Assembly in 1869. In 1872, Pulitzer bought the "Post" for $3,000. Then, in 1878, he bought the "St. Louis Dispatch" for $2,700 and merged the two papers, which became the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch", which remains St. Louis' daily newspaper. It was at the Post-Dispatch that Pulitzer developed his role as a champion of the common man with exposés and a hard-hitting populist approach.

By 1883, Pulitzer had made a lot of money. In that year, he bought the "New York World". That newspaper had been losing $40,000 a year. He paid $346,000 to Jay Gould, the owner. Pulitzer changed its focus to human-interest stories, scandal, and sensationalism. In 1885, he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives, but resigned after a few months' service. He did not like politics. In 1887, he recruited the famous investigative journalist Nellie Bly. In 1895 the "World" introduced the popular Yellow Kid comic by Richard F. Outcault. This was the first newspaper comic printed with color. Under Pulitzer's leadership, circulation grew from 15,000 to 600,000, making "The New York World" the largest newspaper in the nation.

The editor of the rival "New York Sun" attacked Pulitzer in print. He called him "The Jew who gave up his religion". This was in 1890. This was intended to turn away Pulitzer's Jewish readership. Pulitzer's already failing health deteriorated rapidly, and he left the newsroom. He continued to actively manage the paper from his vacation retreat in Bar Harbor, Maine and his New York mansion.

In 1895, William Randolph Hearst purchased the rival "New York Journal", which led to a circulation war. This competition with Hearst, particularly the coverage before and during the Spanish-American War, linked Pulitzer's name with "yellow journalism".

After the "World" exposed a fraudulent payment of $40 million by the United States to the French Panama Canal Company in 1909, Pulitzer was indicted for libeling Theodore Roosevelt and J. P. Morgan. The courts dismissed the indictments, in a victory for freedom of the press.

In 1892, Pulitzer offered Columbia University's president, Seth Low, money to set up the world's first school of journalism. The university initially turned down the money, evidently unimpressed by Pulitzer's unscrupulous character. In 1902, Columbia's new president Nicholas Murray Butler was more receptive to the plan for a school and prizes, but it would not be until after Pulitzer's death that this dream would be fulfilled. Pulitzer left the university $2 million in his will, which led to the creation in 1912 of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, but by then the first school of journalism had been created at the University of Missouri. Columbia's Graduate School of Journalism remains one of the most prestigious in the world.

Joseph Pulitzer died aboard his yacht in the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina in 1911. He is interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York. In 1917, the first Pulitzer Prizes were awarded, in accordance with Pulitzer's wishes.

In 1989, Pulitzer was inducted into the St. Louis Walk of Fame.


Horace Greeley

Horace Greeley (February 3, 1811 – November 29, 1872) was an American newspaper editor, reformer and politician. His "New York Tribune" was the most influential newspaper of the period 1840 - 1870. Greeley used it to promote the Whig and Republican parties.

He is best known for his socially colored journalism. He wanted to convince people of his ideas. He thought that the role of a journalist must be to convince people with sound arguments. He did not like the sensationalist approach of Joseph Pulitzer and others.

Greeley ran for president in 1872, but died before the election results came. Whether or not if he died he would have lost to Ulysses S. Grant.

Arachnid

The arachnids are a class of eight-legged arthropods. They are a highly successful group of mainly terrestrial invertebrates: spiders, scorpions, harvestmen, ticks, and mites, and a number of smaller groups.

In 2019, a molecular phylogeny study put horseshoe crabs in the Arachnida.

Arachnids are . The requirements for this class is to have two body regions; a cephalothorax and an abdomen; 4 pairs of legs; and 2 pairs of mouthpart appendages, the chelicerae and the pedipalps.

All adult arachnids have four pairs of legs, and arachnids may be easily distinguished from insects by this fact, since insects have three pairs of legs. However, arachnids also have two further pairs of appendages that have become adapted for feeding, defense, and sensory perception. The first pair, the chelicerae, serve in feeding and defense. The next pair of appendages, the pedipalps have been adapted for feeding, locomotion, and/or reproductive functions.

Like all arthropods, arachnids have an exoskeleton. They also have an internal structure of cartilage-like tissue, to which certain muscle groups are attached.

Arachnids have no antennae or wings. Their body is organized into two parts: the cephalothorax, and the abdomen.

There are some adaptations for life on land. They have internal respiratory surfaces. These may be trachea (tubes), or a modification of gills into a 'book lung'. This is an internal series of lamellae used for gas exchange with the air.

Arachnids are mostly carnivorous, feeding on the pre-digested bodies of insects and other small animals. Only the harvestmen and some mites eat solid food particles. Predigestion avoids exposure to internal parasites. Several groups secrete venom from specialized glands to kill prey or enemies. Several mites are external parasites, and some of them are carriers of disease (vectors).

Arachnids pour digestive juices produced in their stomachs over their prey after killing it with their pedipalps and chelicerae. The digestive juices rapidly turn the prey into a broth of nutrients which the arachnid sucks into a pre-buccal cavity located immediately in front of the mouth. Behind the mouth is a muscular, pharynx, which acts as a pump, sucking the food through the mouth and on into the oesophagus and stomach. In some arachnids, the oesophagus also acts as an additional pump.

The word "Arachnida" comes from the Greek for 'spider'. In legend, a girl called Arachne was turned into a spider by the goddess Athena. Arachne said she'd win a weaving contest against the goddess. Athena won, but Arachne became angry, and started to weave an insult to the gods. Then Athena turned her into a spider for her disrespect.

The subdivisions of the arachnids are usually treated as orders. Historically, mites and ticks were treated as a single order, Acari. However, molecular phylogenetic studies suggest that the two groups do not form a single clade; morphological similarities are probably due to convergence. They are now usually treated as two separate taxa – Acariformes, mites, and Parasitiformes, ticks – which may be ranked as orders or superorders. The arachnid subdivisions are listed below alphabetically; numbers of species are approximate.

It is estimated that 98,000 arachnid species have been described, and that there may be up to 600,000 in total.

Arthropod

Arthropods (Greek language for "joint-legged") are a large group of invertebrate animals. Insects, spiders, crabs, shrimp, millipedes, and centipedes are all arthropods. In the scientific classification, all arthropods are members of the phylum Arthropoda. Arthropods have segmented body, an exoskeleton and legs with joints. Most arthropods live on land, but some live in water. Arthropods have by far the greatest number of species of any animal group. Arthropods are a source of food for many animals, including humans.

Scientists know of more than 1 million species of arthropods. 80% of all known animal species are arthropods. Many more species have not yet been described.

Most arthropod species are insects. "Insects are the most diverse organisms in the history of life".

Most arthropods live on land. The phylum Arthropoda is the only phylum of invertebrates that mostly live on land. But crustaceans (crabs, shrimp and their relatives) mostly live in water.

Arthropods are also the first phylum to develop genuine flight.

Arthropods have a hard exoskeleton. The exoskeleton reduces the loss of water (dessication). This helps them to live on land without drying out.

Arthropods are made up of four groups of living animals and one group of extinct animals:

University of Alabama

The University of Alabama (UA) is a university in the U.S. state of Alabama. The University of Alabama is in the city of Tuscaloosa. People can usually just say "Alabama" or "UA" for short when they are talking about the university.

UA opened in 1831 and now about 35,000 students study there. UA is one of the three largest universities in Alabama. Auburn University and University of Alabama at Birmingham are the other two main schools in Alabama. Students study many things at UA, such as liberal arts, science, engineering, communication, engineering, education, social work, nursing, human sciences (such as fashion design) and law. People study to get bachelor's degrees, Master's degrees and doctorates at Alabama. Also, graduates can get an Education Specialist degree.

Many people have heard about the University of Alabama because it has many good sports teams. These sports teams are called the Crimson Tide. The football team from UA has won the national football championship 12 times in the past 83 years and play at Bryant–Denny Stadium.

In 1963, Alabama Gov. George Wallace announced in his inaugural address, "segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever" as his policy. He personally blocked the door to Foster Auditorium at the University of Alabama to prevent the enrollment of two black students. He moved aside only when confronted by General Henry Graham of the Alabama National Guard, who was ordered by President John F. Kennedy to intervene.

Buttercup

Buttercups are a large genus of flowering plants called Ranunculus. It has yellow, shiny petals, and grows wild in many places. It is poisonous to eat for humans and cattle, but when dry the poison is not active.

There are about 200 to 600 species in this one genus. They mostly have yellow or sometimes white flowers. Buttercups include a wide variety of flower types, grouped by a plant naming system in the genus "Ranunculus". Among them are the Meadow Buttercup ("Ranunculus acris"), Goldilocks Buttercup ("R. auricomus"), Creeping Buttercup ("R. repens"), Large White Buttercup ("R. platanifolius"), Celery-leaved Buttercup ("R. sceleratus"), Corn Buttercup ("R. arvensis"), Bulbous Buttercup ("R. bulbosus") and Glacial Buttercup ("R. glacialis").

Lesser Celandine ("R. ficaria"), Lesser Spearwort ("R. flammula"), and Greater Spearwort ("R. lingua") also belong to the buttercup family.

Plants of the commonly named buttercup family grow in many different variations but most can be identified by their yellow cupped flowers and free-growing habit. The plants often climb or sprawl, with leaves arranged in spirals. Some may contain leaves without stipules and flowers with many stamens.

Molecular investigation of the genus shows that "Ranunculus" is not monophyletic. Proposals are under way to split up the genus.

 Highlights shining on the reflective petals of the buttercup can be seen in the images at left and above.
People sometimes hold a fresh buttercup flower under the chin of a friend or family member. If a yellow reflection from the flower's shiny petals can be seen under the chin, the person is said to "like butter". This custom is still taught to young children and shows how buttercup petals reflect light.

Some other plants and people are named buttercup, based on the name of the yellow wild flower. These include a type of pumpkin, and the girl's name Buttercup.

""Build Me Up Buttercup"" was the name of a popular song by The Foundations during the 1960s. A song called ""Buttercup"" was released by Jack Stauber in 2017. A cartoon character from television series was also named Buttercup. Buttercups and their poisonous effect are used as a theme in the "PC game Undertale."

Michael Avenatti, the lawyer of adult movie star "Stormy Daniels" (real name: Stephanie Clifford) against US President Donald Trump's ex lawyer and "fixer" Michael Cohen used on 29 July 2018 the phrase "You better buckle up buttercup" in a tweet addressing "Donald Trump's" lawyer "Rudy Giuliani", which soon became the hashtag #BuckleUpButtercup.

Gomaespuma

Gomaespuma is a radio show, presented by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser. The program is broadcast by Onda Cero. It also has been in M80 radio and in Antenna 3 Radio. Gomaespuma organises the Flamenco pa tos festival, the most important Flamenco festival of Spain. Gomaespuma directs a foundation with the same name.



These people have appeared on television and on radio (marionettes)


These links are in Spanish

Engineer

An engineer is a person who works in engineering. The word "engineer" is derived from the Latin root "ingenium", meaning "cleverness". Most engineers learn their work in engineering schools. They design materials, structures, machines and systems while considering the limitations imposed by practicality, safety and cost. Much of the work is applied science, using information given by scientists to do their work. Apart from working with things, an engineer must also be good at working with people and money.


Many engineering projects are large and very complicated.
Often different kinds of engineers work together and help each other. As an example, computer engineers need help from electrical engineers to 
build a computer. The computer needs programs written by software engineers. The computer could be used by aerospace engineers to control an 
airplane. An airplane is a big mechanical system with many parts, so a mechanical engineer and a systems engineer are also needed.


Division by zero

In mathematics, a number can not be divided by zero. Observe:

1. formula_1

If "B" = 0, then "C" = 0. This is true. But:

2. formula_2

Which is the same as:

3. formula_3

The problem is that formula_4 could be any number. It would work if formula_4 were 1 or if it were 1,000,000,000. 0/0 is said to be of "indeterminate form" for this reason, because it has no single value. Numbers of the form A/0, on the other hand, where formula_4 is not 0, are said to be "undefined", or "undeterminated." This is because any attempt to define them will result in a value of infinity, which is itself undefined. Usually when two numbers are equal to the same thing, they are equal to each other. That is not true when the thing they are both equal to is 0/0. This means that the normal rules of maths do not work when the number is divided by zero.

It is possible to disguise a special case of division by zero in an algebraic argument. This can lead to invalid proofs, such as 1=2, as in the following:

With the following assumptions:

The following must be true:

Dividing by zero gives:

Simplify:

The fallacy is the assumption that dividing by 0 is a legitimate operation with 0/0 = 1.

Most people would probably recognize the above "proof" as incorrect, but the same argument can be presented in a way that makes it harder to spot the error. For example, if 1 is written as "x", then 0 can be hidden behind "x"-"x" and 2 behind "x"+"x". The above-mentioned proof can then be displayed as follows:

therefore:

Dividing by "x" - "x" gives:

and dividing by "x" gives:

The "proof" above is incorrect because it divides by zero when it divides by "x"-"x", because any number minus itself is zero.

In calculus, the above "indeterminate forms" also come as a result of direct substitution while evaluating limits. 

If a computer program tries to divide an integer by zero, the operating system will usually detect this and stop the program. Usually it will print an error message, or NaN. Division by zero is a common bug in computer programming. Dividing floating point numbers (decimals) by zero will usually result in either infinity or a special NaN (not a number) value, depending on what is being divided by zero.

In geometry formula_15 This infinity (projective infinity) is neither a positive or a negative number, the same way that zero is neither a positive or negative number

Flamenco pa tos

Flamenco pa tos is a Spanish festival of Flamenco music. It is organized by the Gomaespuma Foundation. This festival is the most important festival in Spain. The profits of the festival are used by the Gomaespuma Foundation to help children in Managua. The Festival has been the winner of the National Awards of Flamenco during 2004 and 2005.

Peter the Great

Peter the Great (), Peter I () or Pyotr Alekseevich (;  – ) was a czar of Russia. He transformed Russia from an isolated kingdom into a transcontinental superpower. 

He became czar of Russia in 1682, after his sister Sophia Alekseyevna of Russia lost a war. In 1697 he visited Western Europe and decided Russia must have access to the sea. He built the city and seaport of St. Petersburg which became the capital of Russia in 1711. He changed Russia's society, by making new laws so it would be modern like the European countries of the new Age of Enlightenment. Prince Alexander Danilovich Menshikov was a close friend of the emperor but was later disgraced due to embezzlement of national funds.

These are the wars that Russia fought in when Peter the Great was in charge:

The Great Turkish War: In this war Russia fought against the Ottoman Empire and won. Russia got some fortresses in the town of Azov from the Ottoman Empire.

Great Northern War: Russia was fighting Sweden during the Great Northern War. In 1700 Saxony, Denmark and Russia attacked Sweden. Sweden invaded Russia in 1709 which was not a good idea. The Russian Army retreated so the Swedish Army had to chase them. When a very cold winter came, half of the Swedish soldiers died in the cold. Eventually the Swedish army caught up to the Russian army and they had a battle, called the battle of Poltava. Russia won the battle but most of the Swedish soldiers, including their king, Charles XII of Sweden escaped and went to the Ottoman Empire. Peter didn't like this so he declared war on the Ottoman Empire but he lost and had to give the town of Azov back to the Ottomans.

After that Russia invaded Sweden and conquered Estonia, Livonia, and Finland. By 1719 Russia had conquered all of Sweden. Even though Sweden had clearly lost, they did not give up until 1721. In 1721 Sweden signed the Treaty of Nystad where they agreed to give Estonia, Livonia and Ingria to Russia. 

Because Russia was a major power after the war, Peter the Great changed its name from the Tsardom of Russia to the Russian Empire. 

Russo-Persian War: At the start of the war Persia was already in chaos and was about to collapse. Peter the Great took advantage of this and invaded Persia. The war went from 1722 to 1723. In the end, Russia won and gained lots of land from Persia but had lost a lot of men from fighting. After Peter died, his heirs struggled for power and all the lands that Russia had conquered were given back to Persia.

Musical note

In music, a musical note, otherwise referred to as a musical tone or simply a note or tone, is a small bit of sound of a note system known as the solfege, especially in the United States, similar to a syllable in spoken language. For example: in the first two lines of the song "Twinkle, twinkle, little star, how I wonder what you are" there are 14 notes: one for each syllable.

Confusingly, the word "note" can also mean the pitch of a note (how high or low it is). For example: the whole of the song "Twinkle, twinkle, little star" can be played using six different notes: C, D, E, F, G and A.

The word "note" can also mean the written symbol of the note, which shows the note value.

Nearly all music is made up of notes. Music without notes might be sound effects.

In some Western countries, like the United Kingdom, Germany and the US, the notes (in the sense of the pitches) are given a letter of the alphabet according to their pitch. From lowest sounding to highest sounding: Rest, C, D, E, F, G, A, B. This pattern repeats, so that after G will come A. This A is an octave higher than the first A.

Because there are 12 notes needed in Western music, these 7 notes can have modifiers ("symbols or words that change them"). The two main modifiers are sharps, which raise the pitch a half-step, and flats, which lower the pitch a half-step. The symbol for a sharp is ♯ (like the hash symbol (American: number symbol): #). The symbol for a flat is ♭ (like a lower-case italic "b"). To un-flat or un-sharp a note, the natural symbol, ♮, is written before the note. When writing in words (like this page), the symbols are written after the note name, for example: "B♭" means B flat and "F♯" represents F sharp. However, when writing in music notation, the flat, sharp or natural signs are written "before" the note. A way to remember this is to say: if the sign came after the note, it would be too late, and you would have already played it, so it must go before so that you know what is coming.

Sharps and flats can also be written in key signatures. A key signature is written at the beginning of the piece, and repeated at the beginning of each line. It gives the sharps or flats which are going to be regular in the piece.

Two other modifiers are double sharps, which raise the note a whole step, and double flats, which lower the note a whole step. These are much less common that the simple sharp or flat, but can still be seen in some types of music. The symbol for a double sharp is × and the symbol for a double flat is ♭♭. For example, E♭♭ is another name for D. This is called an enharmonic equivalent. Another enharmonic equivalent is C and B♯.

In some languages, such as the Romance languages (Spanish, Portuguese, French, Italian and Romanian), seven of the notes are named "Do", "Re", "Mi", "Fa", "Sol", "La" and "Si" (or "Ti") instead of "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "A" and "B". These names are the focus for a song in "The Sound of Music".

Drum kits do not have notes; they have places on the manuscript where each line means each Drum,
each symbol means each Cymbak on the Kit - how many times to hit it in what speed and beats
in a bar there are usually shown as 4/4 and you count 1 2 3 4 each bar.

Calabria

Calabria, officially the Regione Calabria, is a region in the southern part of the Italian peninsula. It is the tenth largest Italian region by total area (after Apulia and Toscana) with 5,877 sq mi (15,222 km). It has more people than any other state with over 2 million people as of 2020. Its largest cities are Reggio Calabria, Cosenza, and Vibo Valentia. The capital is Catanzaro. The region around its borders are Basilicata to the north, the Gulf of Taranto to the east, the Ionian Sea to the south, the Strait of Messina to the southwest, which separates it from the Sicily, and the Tyrrhenian Sea to the west.

Calabria is the Italian region with the 14th largest economy and one of the most largest in the South .



Newcastle

There are three cities called Newcastle:

WordPress

WordPress is a piece of software which has become the most widely used content management system and is used for setting up blogs. It is open source, licensed under the GPL, and written in PHP.
WordPress allows users to create and edit websites through a central administrative dashboard, which includes a text editor for modifying content, menus and various design elements.

WordPress provides plugins which provide additional functionality through WordPress Plugin Directory. There are over 54,000+ Plugins available in WordPress repository, and they can be installed through either upload or by one-click installation through the WordPress Plugin Library.
Users can write posts into the software and other people reading the post can write comments about it.
Since the release of WordPress version 4.7 the software had been downloaded more than 36+ million times.
Version 5.8.1 is the latest WordPress release. It was released in September 2021

On May 27, 2003, Matt announced the availability of the first version of WordPress. It was well received by the community. It was based on b2 Cafelog with significant improvements. The first version of WordPress included a new admin interface, new templates, and generated XHTML 1.1 compliant templates.

In June 2010, Automattic, the company founded by WordPress co-founder Matt Mullenweg, transferred the ownership of WordPress trademark and logo to the WordPress Foundation.

WordPress can be downloaded and installed on any server with PHP installed. However, WordPress has a service for users to host blogs, called wordpress.com. It has a limit of 3 GB of free space, with an option to upgrade for more. Users cannot add their own domain to the blog when using free option. But when user will buy one of the packages of WordPress.com, then user can use custom domain name.


Outback

The outback is the remote areas of Australia. The outback is not a defined area, it is only a term used to refer to locations that are far away from big cities. 
The fertile parts are known as Rangelands and have been traditionally used for sheep or cattle farming.
Agriculture, tourism and mining are the main economic activities in this vast and sparsely settled area.

Because of the expanses and remoteness in the outback a unique service, The Flying Doctor, was created in 1928. The aim of the service is to provide medical care to people who cannot reach hospitals or other doctors. Consultations are carried out via radio or telephone and for serious situations, doctors are flown out to the patients.

Organised travels with a guide to the outback is popular, although some Australian and international tourists travel in their own cars. Such a trip, especially off the few big roads in the outback, requires very good planning and a suitable vehicle (usually four wheel drive). On remote routes considerable supplies and equipment are required. Some big trips cannot be undertaken safely without a convoy of several vehicles. Deaths of tourists are a regular occurrences because many people are not well-prepared for their outback trip.

Marske-by-the-Sea

Marske by the Sea is a village in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland in England. It has three primary schools and one secondary school (Bydales School), a museum, and two train stations.

The village has a Methodist, Roman Catholic (St Bede's) and Church of England (St Mark's) church.

Most of the people who live in Marske do not work in the village, but work in the nearby factory or in Middlesbrough or Redcar. Marske has a decent range of local shops. The Longbeck railway station and Marske railway station, which connect to Darlington mainline station, are the only means of transport there.


PayPal

PayPal is a website that allows transfer of money among people via web services and email. The money can be deposited into a bank account. PayPal was owned by eBay, from 2002 to 2015. It can be used in more than 200 countries.

PayPal allows customers to send, receive, and hold funds in 25 currencies worldwide. However, PayPal is not a bank. Funds that are not used are converted into PayPal's profit.

Orson Welles

George Orson Welles (May 6, 1915 – October 10, 1985) was an American actor, director, screenwriter, and producer who is remembered for his innovative work in film, radio, and theatre. He is considered to be among the greatest and most influential filmmakers of all time. Welles was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin.

In 1938 Welles directed a weekly radio show, "The Mercury Theater of the Air." His October 30 broadcast of The War of the Worlds (radio drama) created much excitement.

Welles also made the movie "Citizen Kane" in 1941. Many movie critics think that this movie is the best movie ever made. His later movies are less liked.

Welles died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, aged 70.


Slobodan Milošević

Slobodan Milošević (Serbian: Слободан Милошевић, pronounced []; August 20, 1941 – March 11, 2006) was a Serbian, Yugoslav leader. He was President of Serbia from 1989 to 1996 and then President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1996 to 2000.

He was the leader of Serbia's ruling Socialist Party. He was a leader in the Yugoslav Wars. He also led his nation to defend itself against NATO aggression that took Kosovo from Serbia. NATO leaders charged him for war crimes and crimes against humanity during the bombing of Yugoslavia. He lost re-election in 2000.

Milosevic did not retreat his army because of NATO's 77 days of bombing. His goal was to keep Kosovo within Serbian parallel structures. Once resolution was passed, he retreated but also managed (with other politicians) to hold on to North Kosovo whose area is 1200KM2 or 11%, where 96% of its population is Serbian whose religion is Christian.

After his fall from power in 2001, he was taken to The Netherlands to stand trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, but died after five years in prison before the case could reach a conclusion. He did not recognize the tribunal calling it an American/UN puppet court and said he was being tried for standing up to NATO expansion. Many accusations against him regarding Kosovo proved to be false. It was said by the UN tribunal that Milosevic, who had chronic heart problems and a high blood pressure, died of a heart attack.


Gymnosperm

The gymnosperms are a group of seed plants which includes conifers, cycads, "Ginkgo" and Gnetales.

They have naked seeds, in contrast to the seeds or ovules of flowering plants (angiosperms) which are enclosed during pollination. Gymnosperm seeds develop either on the surface of scale- or leaf-like appendages of cones, or at the end of short stalks ("Ginkgo").

The gymnosperms and angiosperms together make up the spermatophytes or seed plants. By far the largest group of living gymnosperms are the conifers (pines, cypresses, and relatives), followed by cycads, Gnetales ("Gnetum", "Ephedra" and "Welwitschia"), and "Ginkgo" (a single living species).

Fossil gymnosperms include many that do not belong to the four modern groups, including the so-called "seed ferns" (Pteridosperms) and the "cycadeoids" (Bennettitales). Most of the Gymnosperms became extinct in the Cenozoic era (from 65 million years ago to present day).

Some genera have mycorrhiza, fungal associations with roots ("Pinus"). In some others ("Cycas") small specialised roots have nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria.



Influenza pandemic of 1918

The Influenza pandemic of 1918 (commonly known as the Spanish flu) lasted for nearly three years, from March 1918 to December 1920. About 500 million people were infected across the world, which had at the time a population of 1.80 billion people. The pandemic spread to remote Pacific Islands and the Arctic. It killed 50 million to 100 million people. This was three to five percent of the world's population at the time. It was one of the greatest natural disasters in human history.

To keep up morale, wartime censors reduced reports of illness and mortality in Germany, Britain (United Kingdom), France, and the United States. Papers could report the epidemic's effects in neutral Spain (such as the grave illness of King Alfonso XIII). This situation created the false impression of Spain being especially hard-hit. It also resulted in the nickname Spanish flu.

Often, influenza outbreaks kill young people, or the elderly, or those patients that are already weakened. This was not the case for the 1918 pandemic, which killed mainly healthy young adults. Modern research, using virus taken from the bodies of frozen victims, has concluded that the virus kills through a cytokine storm (overreaction of the body's immune system). The strong immune reactions of young adults ravaged the body. But, the weaker immune systems of children and middle-aged adults caused fewer deaths among those groups.

There is not enough historical and epidemiological data to show where the pandemic started. The pandemic may be a cause of the outbreak of encephalitis lethargica in the 1920s. 

Another swine flu pandemic had happened in the 21st century that turned out to be new strain of H1N1. The outbreak began in Mexico and then the United States and to the world.

Brock (Pokémon)

Brock appears in the first series of the anime. In his first appearance, he has many siblings and is in charge of them and cares for them since his mother Lola is away chasing dreams and his father Flint ran away from the family. After Flint comes back, Brock then picks up and his bags and travels with Ash and Misty throughout the Kanto series. He ends up leaving the group when they get to the Orange Islands to work with Professor Ivy. He later returns and travels with Ash throughout Johto, Hoenn, and Sinnoh. He uses rock-types Geodude and Onix, as well as others like Zubat.

Brock appears in the games "Pokémon Red", "Blue", and "Yellow", and the "Red" and "Blue" remakes "FireRed" and "LeafGreen" as the gym leader of Pewter City. He gives out the Boulder Badge and uses Rock-type Pokémon. He also appears in "Gold", "Silver", and "Crystal" and the "Gold" and "Silver" remakes "HeartGold" and "SoulSilver" as a gym leader the player can face when they get to the Kanto region.

Zetland (lifeboat)

The Zetland was a lifeboat in Redcar, England, and is the oldest lifeboat in the world which still exists. It was put in Redcar in 1802. In 1858, the lifeboat was given to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI). The boat was damaged in 1864, and was to be destroyed - however, following protest it was given to the town's people. Today, it is in its own museum.

Silba

Silba is an island in Croatia. It is found between the islands of Premuda and Olib. It has an area of 15 km² and its population (as of 2001) was 265; with the village of Silba located at the narrowest point in the middle. The main administrative centre is Zadar, found on the mainland.

Ian Fleming

Ian Lancaster Fleming (28 May 1908 – 12 August 1964) was a British author and journalist. He was best known for writing the James Bond spy novels. He also wrote the children's book "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" in 1964.

Fleming was born in London to a wealthy family. He was educated at Eton College. He spent many years working in Britain's Naval Intelligence Division during the Second World War. During this time, Fleming helped with the planning and management of two British intelligence units. This experience along with his work in journalism provided much of the background to the stories in his James Bond novels.

Fleming wrote his first James Bond novel, Casino Royale, in 1952. Because of the book's success, Fleming wrote eleven more novels and two collections of short-stories about the British secret agent. 

In total, there have been twenty-six films based on Fleming's famous character. The twenty-sixth, "Spectre", was released in October 2015.

Fleming died on 12 August 1964 of a heart attack in Canterbury, Kent, aged 56.

1602

1602 (MDCII) was a common year starting on Tuesday in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Friday in the Julian calendar.

1676

1676 was a leap year.



301

The year 301 was a common year starting on Wednesday in the Julian calendar.

Sima Lin Emperor of China, Western Jin

1611

Gov. Sir Thomas Dale arrives at Jamestown from England announcing new rules called "Laws Divine, Morall and Martial."

Raiders of the Lost Ark

Raiders of the Lost Ark is a 1981 American adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Lawrence Kasdan. It is based on a story by George Lucas and Philip Kaufman. It stars Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman, Ronald Lacey, John Rhys-Davies, Denholm Elliott and Alfred Molina. The movie is about Indiana Jones, a globe-trotting archaeologist. He is competing with Nazi forces in 1936, to recover the long-lost Ark of the Covenant. 

"Raiders of the Lost Ark" is the first movie of the "Indiana Jones" series. It was highly successful and there are four film sequels—"Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom", "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade", "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull," and "Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny". 


In 1936, Indiana Jones is trying to find a golden idol in the jungle in Peru. His guide, Sapito, betrays him and tries to take the idol for himself, but is killed in a trap. After Jones comes out from the temple, he finds his rival Belloq and a dozen of the native people holding spears. Jones gives up the idol and runs to his airplane.

While he is teaching at Marshall College, the U.S. Army tells him the Nazis are trying to find the Ark of the Covenant. Jones wants to find it first, so he goes to a bar in Nepal. His old teacher, Abner Ravenwood, was trying to find the Ark and has the headpiece to the Staff of Ra, a piece that is needed to find the Ark. His daughter, Marion, now runs Abner's bar and she punches him in the face because they had a romance and he ran away. She, however, comes along with him after the Nazi Arnold Toht and his friends try to get the piece themselves.

Jones and Ravenwood fly to Cairo and recruit a man named Sallah to help him out. They start digging in the area where they think it is. The Nazis capture Ravenwood and make Jones think that she is dead. Sallah and Jones do some calculations and realize that the Nazis are digging in the wrong area because their staff is too long. Jones finds the right place and starts digging, finding it in a place called the Well of Souls. However, Belloq comes back, raises the Ark, and throws Ravenwood in there. They escape.

After a battle, Jones gets the Ark back. Sallah puts it on a ship which sails across the Mediterranean Sea, but the Nazis on a U-boat intercept the ship and search it. Jones escapes. He then takes a big weapon called Panzerschreck and threatens to blow up the Ark as it is being loaded onto a Greek island north of Crete. Belloq calls Jones' bluff, and Jones lowers his weapon. He and Marion are then tied up as Belloq and the Nazis test the power of the Ark by opening it. The spirits inside kill everyone. Jones and Marion close their eyes and escape the spirits' anger.

At the end of the movie, the Army puts the Ark inside a warehouse. They tell Jones that they are studying it, but Jones does not believe them. Marion tries to comfort him by saying that she will buy him a drink.

Lucas first had the idea of the "Raiders of the Lost Ark" in the early 1970s. He wanted to modernize the serial films of the early 20th-century. He further developed the idea with Kaufman, who suggested the Ark as the movie's goal. Lucas eventually focused on developing his 1977 space opera "". Development on "Raiders of the Lost Ark" resumed that year when Lucas shared the idea with Spielberg; he joined the project several months later. While the pair had ideas for significant scenes in the movie, they hired Kasdan to fill in the gaps between them. Principal photography began in June 1980 on a $20 million budget. Filming took place on sets at Elstree Studios, England, and on location in La Rochelle, France, Tunisia, Hawaii and California.

Pre-release polling showed little audience interest in the movie, especially compared to the superhero film "Superman II." However"," "Raiders of the Lost Ark" became the highest-grossing movie of 1981, earning approximately $330.5 million worldwide. It played in some theaters for over a year because of its popularity. 

The movie had very positive reviews from critics. It was a critical success. It has a 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics praised the movie for its modern take on older serial movies, and its non-stop action and adventure. The cast were all praised, particularly Ford, Allen and Freeman. "Raiders of the Lost Ark" received numerous award nominations and among others, winning five Academy Awards, seven Saturn Awards and one BAFTA Award. The United States Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry in 1999. 

The movie has had a major impact on popular culture. The movie's success lead to imitations across several media and inspired several filmmakers. It continues to influence modern media. "Raiders of the Lost Ark" is the first movie in what would become the "Indiana Jones" franchise. There are also television series, video games, comic books, novels, theme park attractions, toys, board games, collectibles and an amateur remake. 


Ash Ketchum

Ash Ketchum (サトシ "Satoshi" in Japanese) is the main character of the Pokémon anime and the reigning Monarch of the Pokémon World Coronation Series. His first Pokémon was Pikachu, which he has kept since the beginning of the series. His Pokémon Pikachu was given to him by the local scientist/professor from his hometown, Prof. Oak.

Named after his and "Pokémon" series creator Satoshi Tajiri, Satoshi was designed by Ken Sugimori and Atsuko Nishida, and was meant to represent Tajiri as a child. He has a character similar to him in the games, known as Red, who first appeared as the player-controlled protagonist (main character) in "Pokémon Red" and "Blue". He is a Pokémon Trainer whose goal is to capture and train creatures called Pokémon, and use the creatures' special abilities to fight other Pokémon, or use them for new ways to explore the game's world, such as instant travel between two areas. An animated version of the games later followed, with Satoshi voiced by Rica Matsumoto and was redesigned by Sayuri Ichishi.

When they were changing the show so it was easier for North Americans to understand, the character's name was changed in the anime to "Ash Ketchum", the first name taken from one of the possible names players could choose for the character in the games, and the last name tying into 4Kids early catchphrase for the series, "Gotta catch 'em all!"

Tajiri said in an interview that, between Japanese and American reactions to the series, Japanese customers focused on Pikachu, while Americans bought more items featuring Ash and Pikachu together. He said that he felt the character showed what the franchise meant, the human nature, was necessary. Ash was given a rival, Shigeru. In an interview, Tajiri said while in the games, trainers Red and Blue were enemies, in the anime, Shigeru represented Satoshi's mentor. When asked if in either case Satoshi would beat his rival, Tajiri replied "No! Never!" However, Ash has outdone Gary as a trainer in the anime, and Gary has since become a Pokémon researcher like his grandfather, Professor Oak.

Ash's character design was first managed by Sayuri Ichishi, replaced by Toshiya Yamada during the "Diamond and Pearl" story line.

Veronica Taylor did the voice of Ash in seasons one through eight of the English version of the "Pokémon" anime. After the script was translated from Japanese, the lines were changed to fit the movements of the character's mouth (called "lip flap"). All the voices were recorded separately so Taylor was the only one there when she said her lines, which took about six to eight hours. Taylor was often the first person to record so she had to imagine how the previous line will be said. "Luckily, I work with a great director who helps with the interpretation of the line, matching of the lip flap, and consistency of the voice." Taylor enjoyed playing Ash because of his "low, husky (scratchy, deep) voice" also well as "energy and excitement".

Taylor said that Ash and the other characters "loosened up" after the first ten episodes of the anime; she believed the writers were more relaxed and felt the pressure of making sure everything was done correctly. Taylor commented: "I enjoy playing [Ash] now much more than I did in the very beginning because I can have fun with him more, and we kind of know him and can work out how he really would react. We have the classic Ash responses and things like that." Sarah Natochenny replaced Taylor in season nine when Pokémon International took over the dubbing rights (replacing and re-recording voices). In Japan, Rica Matsumoto is the voice of Ash.

Red, the silent protagonist of "Pokémon Red", "Blue", and "Yellow" and its remakes, "Pokémon FireRed" and "LeafGreen", has many names, one of which is "Red". Some others are "Ash" (later used for anime character Ash Ketchum) and "Jack". In the game, Red is a young (most people think about 10 years old) boy from Pallet Town. His adventure begins one day when Professor Oak calls the two of them to his lab and gives them each a chance to choose their Pokémon. After getting their Pokémon, Blue challenges Red to a battle. Later, Professor Oak calls both Red and Blue and gives them both a Pokédex each, and sends them on a journey to achieve his dream of capturing every type of Pokémon.

In addition to the anime, Ash has appeared in video games and manga. The only video games that Ash has appeared in to date is "Pokémon Puzzle League", where he tries to become a Pokémon Puzzle Master, and Pokémon Yellow, where you play as Ash, starting with a Pikachu.

In the beginning, ten-year-old Ash is starting out as a beginner Pokémon trainer in Pallet Town, his hometown. After getting Pikachu as a starter Pokémon from Professor Oak, Ash left Pallet Town to start his journey. Since he left, Ash has traveled the world of Pokémon, competed in many challenges, met main characters Misty, Brock, May, Max, Dawn, Iris, Cilan, Clemont, Bonnie, Serena, Mallow, Lana, Lillie, Sophocles, Kiawe, Chloe, Goh and many other people, and caught many Pokémon. He currently travels on his own now after winning the Pokemon World championship and deciding to go back home in Pokémon ultimate Journeys and has returned to kanto.

Ash has improved a lot as a trainer as the series went by. However, he is still excited and strong-willed. During the first season of the series, Ash trained to catch more Pokémon than his childhood rival (person who you compete against), Gary Oak, although Gary was always shown to be the stronger trainer. He soon began to focus more on each of his Pokémon's abilities. Ash's primary enemy is a group of antagonists named Team Rocket. Ever since the second episode, "Pokémon Emergency!", two Team Rocket agents named Jessie and James, along with a talking Meowth as well as a Wobbuffet, have tried to steal Ash's partner, Pikachu, as well as many others, but have always failed. Throughout the series, Team Rocket does have some other temporary sidekicks, but they were not as relevent in the corresponding episodes. While they fight a lot, they sometimes work together against a common enemy, like in "", where they help Ash in finding the three treasures in order to save the world.

The descriptions of Ash in the manga "The Electric Tale of Pikachu", "Pocket Monster Zensho", and "Ash & Pikachu", are much like in the anime. There are differences in the manga, though. In "The Electric Tale of Pikachu", it is based on Ash's journey up until the end of the Orange Islands travel. Ash is usually seen traveling by himself during this manga, although he is sometimes joined by Misty and Brock in Indigo. Misty is the only one to join Ash in the Orange Islands. At the end of the series, The "Ash & Pikachu" manga is similar, although it has the episodes from the anime like "The Fortune Hunters" and "A Goldenrod Opportunity" combined, but with a few changes. In "Pocket Monsters Zensho", Satoshi (as Ash is known in Japanese) starts with Charmander instead of Pikachu. The manga ends at the Indigo Plateau, where Satoshi beats the Elite Four. Manga author Toshihiro Ono said that Ash was one of his favorite characters to draw for the series, saying "I want to go on a trip with Misty just like him! (And forget about job, rent, etc.)".

In the "Pokémon Adventures" manga, Red is a Pokémon trainer and the main character of the first stories. Red starts off in Pallet Town, eager to be a trainer, and gets a Bulbasaur (who later evolves all the way into a Venusaur) and a Pokédex from Professor Oak. He also has a Poliwhirl which he has known since childhood that evolves into a Poliwrath, and uses these two Pokémon on his adventure. He later captures a troublesome Pikachu, and, after working to gain it's trust, it becomes one of Red's top three Pokémon. Antagonists include his rival, Oak’s grandson Blue, who was given Charmander; Green, another Pokémon trainer from Pallet Town, who stole a Squirtle from Professor Oak; and Team Rocket, a group whose goal was to take over the world through Pokémon.

The book "The Japanification of Children's Popular Culture" thought of Ash as an example of customer identification, with the character doing things players of the games had to in order to go further through them. It also made clear the character's growth as the anime series went by.

World's Fair

A world's fair is a large exhibition of industry and culture. They are also called "expositions" or "expos". This type of exhibition occurs since the middle of the 19th century. The Bureau of International Expositions officially takes care of them. The "Bureau of International Expositions" is usually abbreviated BIE, from the organization's name in French: "Bureau International des Expositions".

List of official world expositions (BIE): 

Métis people

The Métis (pronounced 'maey-TEE' in English and 'may-tis' in French), also known historically as Bois Brule, mixed-bloods, or Countryborn (Anglo-Métis), are one of the three divisions of Aboriginal peoples in Canada. Their home land is part of Eastern British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, North Western Ontario, as well as the Northwest Territories. The Métis Homeland also includes parts of the northern United States (specifically Montana, North Dakota, and northwest Minnesota). 

The Métis Nation are descendants the marriages of mainly Cree and Ojibwe Indigenous peoples with French, Scottish or English settlers. Their history starts in the 18th century in the Western Canada. Historically, many western Métis spoke a mixed language called Michif. "Michif" is the Métis pronunciation of "Métis". The Métis today mostly speak English, with French as a strong second language, as well as many native language. The use of Michif is growing again thanks to the work of the provincial Métis councils.

The word "métis" is a French word derived from "métisser", and is slightly related to the Spanish word "mestizo".

Métis culture is a unique culture with similarities to First Nations, French Canadian, English, and Orkney/Scottish cultures. The Métis are known for their love of fiddle playing, but traditional instruments also included the concertina, the harmonica, and the hand drum. Their music has gone together with a kind of dancing called jigging. Traditionally, dancing included such moves as the Waltz Quadrille, the Square dance, Drops of Brandy, the Duck, La Double Gigue and the Red River Jig.

Métis people were famous for their horsemanship and breeding of horses. The RCMP Musical Ride horses dance the Quadrille as begun by the Métis and their horses.

As the Métis culture grew, a new language called Michif was spoken. This language combined mostly French nouns and mostly Cree verbs. 

The clothing worn by Métis in the 19th century included the sash or "ceinture flechée". It is traditionally about three metres in length and is made by weaving yarn together with one's fingers. The sash is worn around the waist, tied in the middle, with the fringed ends hanging. Vests with Métis beadwork are also popular. The Red River Coat came from the Metis culture.

The Métis were important in Canada's past, as fur traders who came from the east coast, voyageurs (coureur de bois), frontiersmen, pioneers, and interpreters between the First Nations peoples and the European colonists.

The most famous Métis was Louis Riel, who led two rebellions which John A. Macdonald hated, the Red River Rebellion in 1869 in the area now known as Manitoba, and the North-West Rebellion in 1885 in the area now known as Saskatchewan. Some say these were not really rebellions. For example, in 1869 Riel was the leader of a government recognized by Canada as controlling territory that did not belong to Canada; Canada worked on the Manitoba Act with this government. After these "rebellions", land claimers and other non-Métis took away the Métis' land by taking advantage of a government program for buying it, with the government letting this happen. The province of Alberta gave some land to Métis in 1938 to fix what it thought was not fair, but Saskatchewan and Manitoba have not done the same.

Two other famous Métis leaders were Cuthbert Grant and Gabriel Dumont.

Actor August Schellenberg is of Métis descent.

Born in 1940, in northern Saskatchewan, Metis writer and filmmaker Maria Campbell brought attention to the struggles of modern-day Metis and Aboriginal people with her book, "Halfbreed" (1973), and the play, "Jessica" (1982). She has shown the sound and song of traditional stories through her work in dialect, "Stories of the Road Allowance People" (1996).

On May 7, 2004, Métis Todd Ducharme became a judge of the Ontario Supreme Court of Justice.

Other well known Canadians of Métis descent are Sharon Bruneau, a Canadian female bodybuilder and fitness model, and Kevin O'Toole, 1996 North American Lightheavyweight bodybuilding champion.

British Columbia New Democratic Party Leader Carole James is of partly Métis ancestry.

NHL star defenceman Sheldon Souray is of Métis ancestry.

Architect Douglas Cardinal is of Métis and Blackfoot ancestry.

Novelist Sandra Birdsell is the daughter of a Métis man and a Russian Mennonite woman and wrote her award-winning novel "Children of the Day" partly on her parents' experience in Manitoba in the 1920s-50s.



Sangha

In Buddhism, the word sangha means "assembly" or "community." For Buddhists, there are two sanghas that are very important:

In Buddhism, there are three things that a Buddhist shows the greatest respect: the Buddha, the Dharma (the Buddha's teaching), and the Sangha (the Buddha's community). So, for example, when the sangha is talked about in very old Buddhist books, the following words are often used:


Courteney Cox

Courteney Bass Cox (born June 15, 1964) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Monica on the television series "Friends" and for her role in the movie "Scream" and its sequels. Cox married David Arquette between seasons 5 and 6 of "Friends", and changed her name to Courteney Cox Arquette. She later changed it back in honor of her parents.

Courteney Cox was raised in Mountain Brook, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham. She is the daughter of businessman Richard Lewis Cox (January 28, 1931 – September 3, 2001) and his wife Courteney (née Bass, later Copeland). She has two older sisters, Virginia and Dottie, and an older brother, Richard, Jr. Her parents divorced in 1974 and her mother then married businessman Hunter Copeland (uncle to music promoter and business manager Ian Copeland). After graduating from Mountain Brook High School, Cox left for Mount Vernon College in Washington, D.C., but did not complete her architecture course. She instead pursued a career in modeling and acting.

Cox is of English, French, Welsh, Irish and German ancestry.

In 1996, Cox began dating actor David Arquette. The couple married on June 12, 1999. They have one child together, a daughter named Coco Riley Arquette (born June 13, 2004). Coco's godmother is family friend Jennifer Aniston. Cox had seven miscarriages between 2001 and November 2010. She and her husband separated on December 31, 2011. Arquette filed for divorce on June 8, 2012. 


UEFA Champions League

The UEFA Champions League, or simply known as the UCL is a football competition organized by UEFA, between some of the top club teams in Europe. The top team in the league comes out UEFA champions league every year. 32 teams will play the game and determines the best football club. At first, it was started by France, not the European Football Federation. It was played only as a home and away tournament, but a group stage was added from the 1991-92 season. The teams are selected because of good performances in their respective domestic leagues. The teams used to have to win their countries' league, but more than one team can play in the competition depending on how good their league is. For example: the Spanish League can get 4 Spanish clubs in the competition compared to the Kazakhstan League which can only get one team in the competition.

Real Madrid won the Champions League the first five times it was held, still a record. They have also won the Champions League/European Cup 14 times, which is also a record.

A total of 23 clubs from 10 European countries won the Champions League. 12 clubs won it more than once: Real Madrid, Milan, Bayern, Liverpool, Barcelona, Ajax, Manchester United, Inter Milan, Juventus, Benfica, Porto, Chelsea and Nottingham Forest.


FA Cup

The FA Cup (known as The Emirates FA Cup for sponsorship reasons) is a national football competition. It is played between teams in the English league system. It is organized by the Football Association. The winner of the FA Cup qualifies for the next season's UEFA Europa League. If the winner of the FA Cup has already qualified for a European competition, then the Europa League place goes to the runner-up. If the runner-up has also qualified for a European competition, then the Europa League place goes to 6th or 7th place, depending on who won the Football League Cup. The FA Cup semi-finals and final is held at Wembley Stadium. The FA Cup is the oldest football competition in the world and first took place in 1871.

The current holders are Leicester, who have won the FA Cup once.

Since its establishment, the FA Cup has been won by 43 different teams. Teams shown in "italics" are no longer in existence. Additionally, Queen's Park ceased to be eligible to enter the FA Cup after a Scottish Football Association ruling in 1887.


Old Trafford

Old Trafford is a football stadium in Trafford. Its nickname is "The Theatre of Dreams". It is home to the club Manchester United F.C.. It is a club stadium in Great Britain. Old Trafford hosted most of England's home matches while Wembley was being built. It was built in 1910. It cost about £60,000,000 to build.

Stadium

A stadium is a building in which lots of people may watch an event. They are often used for football and athletics. Some stadiums are paid to add a company name to the name of their stadium. For example, "Comerica" Park in Detroit, Michigan, or the ALLTEL Stadium in Jacksonville, Florida. When people do this the company has the "naming rights" to the stadium. The given name of a stadium can change when another company buys the naming rights to that stadium. 

An arena is a small indoor stadium. Arenas are often used for many different types of events. These include sports and music. 


Disaster

A disaster is something bad that happens. Disasters can destroy homes and many kinds of work. Disasters can be of different types, but most are caused by wars or forces of nature.

These may include avalanches (where snow comes down a mountain), cold (where animals and people freeze), diseases (sicknesses), droughts (when there is no water), earthquakes (where the ground moves), famine (where there is not enough food), fire, flood (where rivers grow and invade land), hail (hard ice falls like rain), heat that lowers the water supply, hurricanes that may destroy homes, landslides and mudslides, sink holes (where a cave falls in), storm surge (where water piles up and then suddenly comes on land), thunderstorms (rain with lightning and thunder), tornadoes (currents of wind that break things), tsunami (where a wall of water comes on land), volcanoes erupting, a waterspout (like a tornado on water), or winter storms (where snow falls so thick you cannot see).

Possibly the worst natural disaster recorded was the earthquake in Shaanxi, China in 1556. It is measured at 9.0 on the Richter scale and 850,000 people are said to have died in the quake.

Disasters caused by humans include wars, aviation (flying) accidents, arson, CBRNs (where a country has a powerful weapon), civil disorder (where people riot or do crimes), power outages (where electricity is interrupted), public relations crises where a company must tell bad news, radiation accidents, disasters in space, a telecommunications outage (not being able to communicate), and terrorism.

To live through a disaster, it is important that your family and your city prepare in advance. This may be making a pack of things you need in an emergency, it may be a government sending soldiers to help, or it may be something in between. It is recommended to keep a disaster survival kit with canned goods, in the advent of such a disaster.



Bobby Orr

Robert Gordon "Bobby" Orr (born March 20, 1948 in Parry Sound, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman.

Bobby Orr's ice hockey skills were evident at a very early age. He was signed by the Boston Bruins at twelve. As a 14-year-old, he played junior hockey against eighteen, nineteen and twenty-year-olds. He signed his first pro contract with the Boston Bruins in 1966.

In his first professional season, he won the Calder Memorial Trophy as top rookie in the league. Orr only played 46 games in the 1967-68 NHL season because he was injured, but won the Norris Trophy. In the 1969-70 season, he scored 120 points and became the only defenseman in history to win the Art Ross Trophy, for leading the league in scoring. He also won the Hart Memorial Trophy and the Conn Smythe Trophy. In 1976, Bobby Orr was named the most valuable player in the inaugural Canada Cup Tournament. Orr was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks in 1976. He would only play 26 games over the next three seasons because of problems with his knees. 

Orr was inducted in the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1979.


The Muppet Show

The Muppet Show is a variety television series. It aired from 1976 until 1981. The series starred Jim Henson's Muppet characters. Each episode featured a famous guest star. A revival of the show, Muppets Tonight, aired from 1996 to 2001.

The main characters on the series are Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and Gonzo the Great.


1250





The population of the world in 1250 was around 400 to 416 million people.

Valencian Community

The Valencian Community (Valencian: "Comunitat Valenciana"), also unofficially called the Valencian Country ("País Valencià"), is an autonomous community in the eastern Spain with a population of around 5,000,000. Its capital and biggest city is Valencia, with a population of nearly 800,000 people. 

The second-largest city of the Valencian Community is Alicante, with a population of 332,000. The city of Elche, located in the Alicante province, is an important industrial centre, with a population of 230,000. Castellón de la Plana, the capital of the Castellón province, have a population of around 170,000.

Elx

Elx (in Catalan) or Elche (in Spanish) is the third biggest city in Valencia, and the second in the Alicante province, in eastern Spain. The city has 215,000 inhabitants and is famous for its palm trees and the Mystery of Elx, a theatrical piece.

Java (programming language)

Java is the name of a programming language created by Sun Microsystems. This company was bought out by Oracle Corporation, which continues to keep it up to date. It is designed to be platform-independent, which means that code written in Java can run on any device or operating system that has a Java Virtual Machine (JVM) installed. This makes Java a popular choice for developing cross-platform applications and games. Additionally, Java has a large and active community, and a wide range of libraries and frameworks available for use. , is the latest version (will be supported until September 2023), while Java 17, 11 and 8 are the current (LTS) versions. Being an LTS version means that it will continue getting updates for multiple years. The next planned LTS version is Java 21 (LTS), planned for September 2023.

Being an open-source platform, Java isn't just supported by Oracle, e.g. Eclipse Adoptium also supports Java (JVM), to at least May 2026 for Java 8, and at least September 2027 for Java 17.

Java, which was called "Oak" when it was still being developed, is object oriented, meaning it is based on objects that work together to make programs do their jobs. Java code looks similar to C, C++, or C#, but code written in those languages will not work in Java in most cases without being changed.

Java runs on many different operating systems, including Android, the world's most popular mobile operating system (while Java continues to be used on Android, even by its maker Google, they no longer prefer Java; now Kotlin is their preferred language, though it can also be used with all Java code). This makes Java platform independent. It does this by making the Java compiler turn code into Java bytecode instead of machine code. This means that when the program is , a Java Virtual Machine interprets (or just-in-time compiles) the bytecode.

Java is both a language, but its also a platform, and a number of languages compile to the same bytecode meant for that JVM platform, and can then work alone (without Java, the language, or with it). Google, that previously recommended Java, now recommends Kotlin language over Java for its Android platform, and it, like any JVM language, can also work with or without Java in all other contexts where Java alone would have been used.



Java was developed to achieve five main goals. These are:

The "Java platform" refers to a group of software products from Sun Microsystems. The platform is used to develop and run Java programs. The platform includes the execution engine (called a Java Virtual Machine) that allows Java programs to do the same thing on different computer systems.

This capability of being able to develop software on one platform and running it on other platforms is called "cross-platform capability".

There are many resources available for learning Java programming, including books, tutorials, and online courses.

An example of a "Hello World" Java program:
// This is a simple program in Java. It shows "Hello World!" on the screen. 
public class HelloWorld {
There are many types of Java programs which run differently:


Java is commonly used to teach students how to program as a first language, but is still also used by professionals.


Java has also been criticized. Some of the criticisms are:



Eon

An eon (or aeon) is a term in Earth science for the longest periods of time. It describes a part of the Earth's existence lasting hundreds of millions to billions of years.

A geologic eon is part of Earth's existence, made up of a number of eras of different lengths. A geologic era is made up of two or more shorter times called geologic periods. A geologic period is, in turn made up of yet shorter times called epochs. 

Geologists have given names to all of the eons, eras, periods and epochs that they have found by looking at rocks. The names given to each eon describe something about that time, or the rocks that were made at that time.

For example, we are now in the Phanerozoic eon, which comes from the Greek words for "life that we can see", that is, there were animals and plants big enough to see without a lens. This era started about 545 million years ago.

Bhagavad Gita

The Bhagavad Gita is one of the holiest books of Hinduism. The Bhagavad Gita ( "bhagavad-gītā", 'The Song by God'), often referred to as the Gita (IAST: "gītā"), is part of the ancient Hindu epic Mahabharata. It is considered to be written in the first millennium BCE. It has teachings said to be given by Sri Krishna, who is considered a Supreme divine being. In the book (Bhagvat Gita), Krishna answers questions from Arjuna, a Pandava prince, about a human's moral duties (called dharma) regarding a broad range of philosophical and metaphysical matters. 

The Bhagavad Gita is set in a narrative framework of a dialogue between the Pandava prince Arjuna and his charioteer guide , Krishna. At the start of the Kurukshetra War between the Pandavas and their cousins, Kauravas, Prince Arjuna is in doubt, thinking about the violence the war will cause. Wondering if he should renounce the war, Arjuna seeks the counsel of Krishna, whose answers and their discourse constitute the Bhagavad Gita. Krishna counsels Arjuna to "fulfill his warrior duty" for the upholding of dharma. The Krishna–Arjuna dialogue covers a broad range of spiritual topics, touching upon moral and ethical dilemmas, and philosophical issues that go far beyond the war that Arjuna faces. 

The Gita posits the existence of an individual self (Atman or Soul) and the supreme self (Brahman or Supreme Soul) within each being. The dialogue between the prince and his charioteer has been interpreted as a metaphor for an immortal dialogue between the human self and God. The text covers the philosophy of Yoga in terms of Gyan (Knowledge) yoga, Bhakti (devotion) yoga, Karma (action) yoga, and Rāja (governance) yoga.
A key chapter is "Sankhya Yoga", "The Book of Doctrines", "Self-Realization", or "The Yoga of Knowledge (and Philosophy)". Filled with questions about the meaning and purpose of life, Prince Arjuna asks Krishna about the nature of life, Self, death, afterlife, and whether there is a deeper meaning and reality. The chapter summarizes the ideas eternal Self in each person (Soul), and the Universal-Self present in everyone (Supreme Soul), along with concept of re-birth This chapter is an overview of the remaining sixteen chapters of the Bhagavad Gita.


Upanishad

The Upanishads are some of the sacred books of the Hindu people. The Upanishads are part of a large collection of sacred books of Hindu people, called the Vedas. They are placed at the end of the Vedas and they primarily deal with knowledge or wisdom. Because they deal with knowledge portion of the Vedas, they are called Jnana-Kanda (Jnana means knowledge). Also because they come at the end portion of the Vedas they are often called texts of "Vedanta" ("veda": of vedas, "anta": at the end). Upanishads form the foundation of the philosophy of Hindu religion. 
Many scholars believe that originally Upanishads are rebellion against Vedas and it has added to Vedas by its unique spiritual quest.
Upanishad means "sit down with" master to learn about the Atman(soul).
The Upanishads do not belong to a specific period of Sanskrit literature. The oldest, such as the Brhadaranyaka Upanishad and Chandogya Upanishad, may be as old as 8th century BC, while the youngest, depending on the specific Upanishad, may date to the medieval or early modern period. More than 300 text about Upanishad have been found but we have 108 Upanishad in written.
Geeta which is the most religious book of Hindu's is also a Greatest Upanishad.


Concert

A concert (as in a "concert tour") is a performance in which a musician or many musicians play music together to a group of listeners (called an audience). In the case of a concert of classical music there may be an orchestra. There is often an important visual element to the performance, such as with a rock concert. However, if acting out a story is an important part of the performance, then this is called "musical theater" or "opera" but some concerts have dramatic, theatrical music, with lights and special effects. Informal names for a concert include "show" or sometimes, "gig" for musicians who play in lots of different concerts, with different groups. A "concert tour" is a set of concerts where the performers travel to different cities or towns.

The performers at a concert are usually raised above the level of the audience on a stage. Concerts may be held in concert halls which are built for the purpose, or they may be held in any other suitable large building such as a school hall, a nightclub, a barn or a large house or castle. Some concerts are given to very large audiences in the open air. They may take place in a field or in a stadium. The music for these “open-airs” is usually amplified by loudspeakers so that large audiences can hear it.

A concert given by just one performer (or perhaps two) is usually called a recital.

A group of concerts in one place or in one area that takes place for several days may be called a "festival". Examples are: The Proms, the Edinburgh Festival, the Glastonbury Festival etc.

Before the days of recording, a concert would have been the only opportunity most people would have of hearing concerts given by groups.

Usually people who go to a concert have to pay an admission charge. The money that is made from the ticket sales will usually go to paying the performing artistes, producers, and organisers. However, there are also benefit concerts where either the proceeds (all the ticket money) or profits (the money earned) will go to charity. Tickets for concerts can often be bought at the box-office of the concert hall or bought online. Sometimes concerts are free.

The nature of a concert will vary by musical genre and the individual performers. Concerts by a small jazz combo or small bluegrass band may have the same order of program, mood, and volume, but vary in music and dress. In a similar way, a particular musician, band, or genre of music might attract concert attendees with similar dress, hairstyle, and behavior. For example, the hippies of the 60s often toted long hair (sometimes in dread lock form), sandals and inexpensive clothing made of natural fibers. The regular attendees to a concert venue might also have a recognizable style, comprising that venue's "scene".

Some performers or groups put on very elaborate and expensive affairs, with parts of the show being similar to a theater performance. In order to create a memorable and exciting atmosphere and increase the spectacle, artists will have additional entertainment devices within their concerts. These tend to include: elaborate stage lighting; an image-magnification (IMAG) system and/or pre-recorded video; inflatables, artwork or other set pieces; various special effects, such as theatrical smoke and fog and pyrotechnics; and unusual costumes or wardrobe. Some singers, especially in genres of popular music, augment the sound of their concerts with pre-recorded accompaniment, back-up dancers, and even broadcast vocal tracks of the singer's own voice. Activities which may take place during these concerts include dancing, sing-alongs, and moshing. Some performers well known for including these elements in their performances include: Pink Floyd, Jean Michel Jarre, Sarah Brightman and KISS.

Concerts involving a greater number of artists, especially those that last for days, are known as festivals. Unlike other concerts, which typically remain in a single genre of music or work of a particular artist, festivals often cover a broad scope of music and arts. Due to their size, festivals are almost always held outdoors. A few examples of the hundreds of festivals include: Bayreuth Festival, Big Day Out, Coachella, Falls Festival, Glastonbury Festival, Mostly Mozart Festival, Newport Jazz Festival, Oxegen, Parachute Music Festival, Rock In Rio, Rockwave Festival, Salzburg Festival, Summer Sonic Festival, Tanglewood Music Festival, Woodstock Music and Art Festival, the Warped Tour, or the Umbria Jazz Festival.

A concert tour is a series of concerts by an artist or group of artists in different cities or locations. Often, concert tours are named, to differentiate different tours by the same artist and associate a specific tour with a particular album or product (for example: Michael Jackson's Bad Tour). Especially in the popular music world, such tours can become large-scale enterprises that last for several months or even years. They are seen by thousands or millions of people, and bring in millions of dollars (or the equivalent) in ticket revenues.

Different segments of longer concert tours are known as "legs". The different legs of a tour are denoted in different ways, dependent on the artist and type of tour, but the most common means of separating legs are dates (especially if there is a long break at some point), countries and/or continents, or different opening acts. In the largest concert tours, it is becoming more common for different legs to employ separate touring production crews and equipment, local to each geographical region. Concert tours are often managed on the local level by concert promoters or by performing arts presenters.

While admission to some concerts is free, charging for tickets is very common. Historically, concerts were the main source of revenue for musicians. Revenue from ticket sales typically goes to the performing artists, producers, venue and organizers. In the case of benefit concerts, a portion of profits will often go towards a charitable organization.

Additional revenue is also often raised through in-concert advertising, from free local concerts for local sponsorships to sponsorships from corporations during major tours, such as 2009's ""Vans' Warped Tour Presented by AT&T"". Both Vans and AT&T would have paid significant amounts to have their company names included at the forefront in all marketing material for the Warped Tour.

Concessions and merchandise are also often sold during and after concerts, often by the venue in the case of the former, and by the performing band or artist in the case of the latter.

The highest-grossing concert tour of all time is The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour which earned approximately $558 million in between 2005 and 2007. The highest earning tour by a solo artist is the Sticky & Sweet Tour by pop artist Madonna, which earned $408 million in 2008 and 2009.



Palm tree

Palm tree is a common name of perennial lianas, shrubs, and trees. They are the only members of the family Arecaceae, which is the only family in the order Arecales. They grow in hot climates.

Well known palm trees are:

There are about 2600 species of palm trees, most of them living in tropical, subtropical, and warm temperate climates.

Palms are one of the best known and most widely planted tree families. They have held an important role for humans throughout much of history. Many common products and foods come from palms. They are often used in parks and gardens that are in areas that do not have heavy frosts.

In the past palms were symbols of victory, peace, and fertility. Today palms are a popular symbol for the tropics and for vacations.

Most palm trees grow in the tropical and subtropical regions of the world. They occur from about 44° northern latitude to about 44° southern latitude. The dwarf palm ("Chamaerops humilis") occurs in southern France, the Nikau ("Rhopalostylis sapida") is a species of palm growing in New Zealand. The hardiest palm in the world is known as the (Rhapidophyllum Hystrix) and is able to handle temperatures below -18 °C (0 °F).

Most palms are a straight, unbranched stem, but sometimes a branching stem, or even a creeping vine, such as the rattan. They have large evergreen leaves that are either 'fan-leaved' (palmate) or 'feather-leaved' (pinnate) and arranged in a spiral at the top of the trunk. The leaves have a tubular sheath at the base that usually splits open on one side when it is grown. The flowers grow on an inflorescence, a special branch just for carrying the great number of tiny flowers. The flowers are generally small and white, and are star-shaped. The sepals and petals usually number three each. The fruit is usually a single seed surrounded by flesh. The familiar coconut is the seed of a large fruit. Some kinds may contain two or more seeds in each fruit.

More than two-thirds of palms live in tropical forests, where some species grow tall enough to form part of the canopy and other shorter palms form part of the understory. Some kinds form pure stands in areas with poor drainage or regular flooding. Other palms live on tropical mountains above 1000 meters, Palms may also live in grasslands and scrublands, usually where there is water, and in desert oases. A few palms are adapted to extremely basic lime soils, while others are similarly adapted to very acidic soils.

The Coco de mer has the largest seeds of any plant, 30-50 centimeters in diameter and weighing 15-30 kilograms each. Raffia palms, with leaves up to 25 meters long and 3 meters wide, have the largest leaves of any plant. The "Corypha" palms have the largest inflorescence (flowering part) of any plant, up to 7.5 meters tall and containing millions of small flowers. The wax palm, Colombia's national tree, is the tallest palm in the world, reaching heights of 70 meters.

Palms first appear in the fossil record around 80 million years ago, during the late Cretaceous period. Some descendants from that period are still to be seen today, such as the nipa palm or mangrove palm.

Some palms are in danger of dying out because of human activity. The greatest dangers are from large cities, mining, and turning forests into farmland. The harvesting of the heart of a palm for food also poses a threat, because it comes from the inner core of the tree, and harvesting it kills the tree. The use of rattan palms in furniture has caused a big fall in the number of rattan palms, as they are collected from the wild instead of being farmed.

At least a hundred species are in danger, and nine are said to have recently died out.

It is difficult to save palm seeds. They are killed by cooling them, which is the normal way of keeping rare seeds for the future. Also, planting rare species in parks can never truly recreate the wild areas they come from, and the plants may not do well in these parks.

The Palm Specialist Group of the World Conservation Union (IUCN) started in 1984, supported by the WWF. The group gathered a lot of information from different parts of the world. An action plan to save rare palms was made by this group in 1996.

Pests that attack species of palm trees include:

Human use of palms is as old as, or even older than, civilization itself, starting with the growing of date palms by Mesopotamians and other Middle Eastern peoples 5000 years or more ago. The Date Palm had a great effect on the history of the Middle East. Historian W.H. Barreveld wrote:

The early importance of palms in the Middle East is shown in scripture. They are mentioned more than 30 times in the Bible, and more than 22 times in the Qur'an.

Apart from the well-known coconut and date, there are other kinds of food from palms. Palm oil, Sago, heart of palm and palm wine are all eaten or drunk in different parts of the world. Palm oil is used in everything, from cosmetics to food ingredients.

South Carolina is nicknamed the Palmetto State, after the sabal palmetto, logs from which were used to build the fort at Fort Moultrie. During the American Revolutionary War their spongy wood helped stop the British cannonballs.

Coir is a coarse, water-resistant fibre from the outer shell of coconuts. It is used in doormats, brushes, mattresses, and ropes. 'Dragon's blood' is a resin used in dyes, varnishes and incense, can come from the fruit of the rattan. The "Washingtonia robusta" trees line Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica, California.

Today, palms are popular in parks and gardens in countries outside the tropics. two of the most cold-tolerant species are the Chusan palm, from eastern Asia, and the needle palm from the United States.

The palm branch was a symbol of triumph and victory in Roman times. The Romans rewarded champions of the games and celebrated success in war with palm branches.

Jews also had a tradition of carrying palm branches during festive times.

The motto of the University of Southern California is "Palmam qui meruit ferat", which means in Latin, "Let him bear the palm who has deserved it".

Palms appear on the flags and seals of several places where they are native, including those of Haiti, Guam, Florida, South Carolina, and Samoa.

The palm has many meanings in both ancient and modern Middle Eastern religions.
Early Christians used the palm branch to symbolize the victory of the faithful over enemies of the soul, as in the Palm Sunday festival celebrating the triumphal entry of Jesus into Jerusalem.

In Christian art, martyrs were usually shown holding palms representing the victory of spirit over flesh, and it was widely believed that a picture of a palm on a tomb meant that a martyr was buried there. Origen calls the palm "the symbol of victory in that war waged by the spirit against the flesh. In this sense it was especially applicable to martyrs, the victors par excellence over the spiritual foes of mankind; hence the frequent occurrence in the Acts of the martyrs of such expressions as "he received the palm of martyrdom".

The sacred tree of the Assyrians was a palm that represents the god Ishtar connecting heaven, the crown of the tree, and earth, the base of the trunk. The Mesopotamian goddess Inanna, who had a part in the sacred marriage ritual, was thought of as the one who made the dates abundant.

The palm tree was a sacred sign of Apollo in Ancient Greece because he had been born under one.

The palm, especially the coconut, remains a symbol of tropical island paradise.

The palm tree also represents Oasis.

At the birth of a child in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria, a coconut palm was planted to count the age of the child.

Rabindranath Tagore wrote a famous poem about a special genus of palm tree.


Bailiwick of Guernsey

The Bailiwick of Guernsey is a territory belonging to the British Crown in the Channel Islands. The bailiwick includes the islands of Guernsey, Alderney and Burhou, Herm and Jethou as well as Sark, Little Sark and Brecqhou. 

A bailiwick is a territory governed by a bailiff. The Bailiff of Guernsey is the head of the parliament, the States of Guernsey, which makes the laws for the Bailiwick. Sark and Alderney also have their own parliaments and pass some of their own laws.

The Casquets (49°43.′4″N, 2°22.′7″W) are a group of rocks 13 km northwest of Alderney and are part of an underwater sandstone ridge. Other rocks which appear above the water are the islets of Burhou and Ortac. Not many plants grow on them.

Lihou is a small tidal island (95 vergees; 7ha) that is part of the Channel Islands. It lies off the west coast of Guernsey and is the most westerly point in the Channel Islands. Coordinates: 49°27′38.16″N, 2°40′4.44″W. The island was bought by the States of Guernsey in January 1995. Lihou is joined to Guernsey at low tide by an ancient stone path between the island and L'Eree headland. It is part of the Parish of St. Peter's.

The country code (also used for internet) is GG.


Alderney

Alderney is one of the Channel Islands in the English Channel between England and France. It forms part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey, but its parliament, The States of Alderney, still has the right to make laws for the island.

The traditional language was Auregnais, but nobody speaks it now. 

During World War II Alderney was used to house four concentration camps by the Germans, who had occupied each of the Channel Islands.

Hera

In Greek mythology, Hera was the goddess of woman, family, and marriage. She is married to Zeus. She is one of the Twelve Olympians. Hera is also a goddess of the sky and starry heavens. The Ancient Greeks said that Hera is one of the most beautiful goddess, nearly as pretty as Aphrodite. However, her jealous and vengeful nature make her less so. Zeus is afraid of her when she throws her tantrums. She loves to make Zeus's other children’s life a misery.

Her own special signs are the peacock, the pomegranate, and the cow. Her other important items are the crown and veil. 

Hera's parents are Kronos and Rhea. Her brothers and sisters are Zeus (whom she also married), Hestia, Demeter, Hades, and Poseidon. Hera has two daughters and two sons, Hebe, Eileithyia, Ares and Hephaestus. Her step-children include Athena, Dionysus, Persephone, and the twins, Apollo and Artemis. 

Hera is the queen of all the Greek gods and goddesses. She is often thought of as being wise and serious. Hera is also called 'The Queen of Heaven' because she rules over Mount Olympus where all of the gods and goddesses live. Long before her marriage to Zeus, she ruled over the heavens and the Earth. She is responsible for every living thing, including the seasons and the weather. Some legends and ancient myth told that, Hera (Juno) is also the goddess of empire, queens and kingdoms. The name Hera means 'beautiful lady'. He also the god of crows.

Dionysus is a son of Zeus by a human woman. Hera tried to kill him when he was a baby with the Titans. The Titans were going to make Dionysus come to him by showing him toys, and then eat him. Zeus scared the Titans away with his thunderbolts, but the Titans had already eaten everything but Dionysus's heart. Zeus used the heart to make Dionysus again. He did this by putting the heart in the womb of Semele. Dionysus was then born for a second time.

Echo is a nymph in Greek mythology. She once had the job of distracting Hera from Zeus having relationships with other women. She did this by leading Hera away and flattering her. When Hera found out she was very angry with Echo. She put a curse on her that meant that she could only speak the words of other people after she had heard them. It is due to this story that we get the meaning behind the word "echo".

Io is a mistress of Zeus. Hera almost caught Io and Zeus together, but Zeus hid Io by turning her into a cow. Hera was not fooled and said that Zeus had to give her the cow as a present. Once Io belonged to Hera she was looked after by Argus. It was Argus's job to make sure that Io and Zeus were never together. Zeus ordered Hermes to kill Argus so that Io would be free. Hermes did this by killing Argus after he had been lulled to sleep. Hera then sent a gadfly to sting Io as she walked about on the earth.

Lamia is a queen of Libya whom Zeus was in love with. Hera was jealous of Lamia and turned her into a monster. When she was a monster, Lamia then killed her children. Another version of this story is that Hera killed Lamia's children and was then so sad that she turned into a monster. Hera also put a curse on Lamia. The curse was that Lamia could not close her eyes. Hera chose this curse because she wanted Lamia to always think about the picture of her dead children. Zeus then gave Lamia the gift of being able to take her eyes out, so that she could rest. She could then put them back in again afterwards.

When Hera found out that Leto was pregnant with twins by Zeus she was angry. She banished Leto from Olympus, she also banned her from giving birth on any mainland or island that was known. Leto found a floating island, called Delos. It was neither a mainland or a "real" island, so Leto was allowed to give birth there. Artemis was born first, who then helped Leto to give birth to Apollo. After Artemis and Apollo was born, Hera was furious. So she sent the snake-monster, Python to hunt Leto and her twins. When Apollo reached to his adulthood, he slayed Python in Delphi and decreed that the humans will built a temple there in honour of his victory against Python. Few years later, Hera sent a giant named Tityos to rape Leto, but he was killed by Apollo and Artemis. Delos was later held down with four pillars so that it would not float around anymore. It is said to be surrounded by swans and later became a sacred place to Apollo.

Heracles is the stepson and enemy of Hera. Hera discovered that her husband, Zeus had an affair with a mortal women named Alcmene and she became extremely jealous at the mortal woman. Hera used all the power she had to prevent Alcmene from giving birth to Heracles. When Alcmene was about to give birth to Heracles, Hera requested that Zeus swore an oath and declare upon all the other Gods that the descendant of Perseus will be born on that day and the child will rule eveything around him. Then Hera descended from Olympus to Argos and cause the wife of Sthenelus, son of Perseus to gave birth to Eurystheus after only seven months while Hera tried to prevent Alcmene into giving birth to Heracles by sending her daughter Eileithyia and witches. This cause the fullfilment of Zeus' oath in that it was Eurystheus instead of Heracles. Hera continues her wrath on Heracles while he was still an infant. She send two poisonous snakes to Heracles to kill him in his cradle. Heracles throttled the snake with his bare hands and the nurse saw him playing with the dead snake as if they were a child's toy. Hera continues to torture her stepson throughout his life.


Mirror

A mirror or looking-glass is something that reflects light. One common "plane mirror" is a piece of special flat glass that a person can look into to see a reflection of themselves or what is behind them.
Sometimes, a flat piece of metal or the surface of water can act like a mirror.

People can see themselves in a mirror because light comes in and is reflected. 

Curved mirrors can have magnification properties, making images appear smaller or larger than their actual size, like a lens does.. They can be concave (curved inward) or convex (curved outward), making the reflected angle and view to be smaller or larger, respectively. Special mirrors can make a person's appearance look quite strange. 

Also, in a mirror, writing appears backwards, as a "mirror image" of the original writing.

Mirrors are usually made out of glass with metal on the back, called "silvering" even if the metal is not silver. Modern mirrors use aluminum. The aluminum is applied via vacuum, and will bond directly to cooled glass. 

Space probe

A space probe is an unmanned space mission, usually a small spacecraft sent out to find out information about a planet or other far away thing. As a tool of space exploration a planetary probe may land on the planet, or orbit around it, or merely fly by closely. Probes use radio waves to send information back to Earth or sometimes to a manned spacecraft. A space observatory leaves the Earth to look at distant objects, but does not go near the objects, so it is not called a "probe".

The first successful space probe to explore a planet is Mariner 2, which was launched in August 1962 to fly by Venus. Over time, more space probes were launched, and more information about our solar system was gathered. A notable space probe is Voyager 2, which flew by Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune before leaving the Solar System into interstellar space, a place between the stars.


Blue's Clues

Blue's Clues is a Canadian-American TV show for young children. It aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from September 8, 1996 to October 7, 2010, and has been repeated since then. On the show, Blue is a blue dog. Her owner was Steve, until 2002, when he went off to college. Now, Steve's younger brother Joe owns her.

The producers got ideas from child development and early-childhood education. Innovative animation and other techniques helped their viewers learn. The show follows an animated blue-spotted dog named Blue as she plays a game with the host and the viewers.

"Blue's Clues" became the highest-rated show for preschoolers on American commercial television. This was critical to Nickelodeon's growth. It has been called "one of the most successful, critically acclaimed, and ground-breaking preschool television series of all time".

"Blue's Clues" was made during difficult period for children's television. In 1990, Congress had passed the Children's Television Act. This required networks and TV stations to devote a portion of their programming to children's shows. The legislation set no guidelines or criteria for educational programs and had no provisions for enforcement. According to author Diane Tracy, "The state of children's television was pretty dismal.

Since the late 1960s, PBS was one of the few sources for children's educational television programming in the U.S.. Most other U.S. children's TV shows were violent and created for the purpose of selling toys. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ruled in 1997 that the commercial broadcast networks had to air educational children's programs for a minimum of three hours per week. The cable network Nickelodeon, which had been airing programs for six- to twelve-year-olds, was not legally bound by this legislation but complied with it anyway many years before the laws and regulations were passed.

The show's producers and creators presented material in a narrative format instead of the more traditional magazine format. They used repetition to reinforce its curriculum, and structured every episode the same way.

They used research about child development and young children's viewing habits that had been done in the thirty years since the start of "Sesame Street" in the U.S. This revolutionized the genre by inviting their viewers' involvement. Research was part of the creative and decision-making process in the production of the show and was integrated into all aspects and stages of the creative process. "Blue's Clues" was the first cutout animation series for preschoolers. It looks like a storybook with primary colors and simple construction paper shapes of familiar objects with varied colors and textures.

Its home-based setting is familiar to American children, but has a look unlike other children's TV shows. A live production of "Blue's Clues", which used many of the production innovations developed by the show's creators, toured the U.S. starting in 1999. As of 2002, over 2 million people had attended over 1,000 performances.

Malcolm Gladwell noted that Sesame Street appealed to both children and adults, but Blue's Clues was solely aimed at preschool children. They like stories, repetition and joining in the answers. "Every" episode of Blue was tested on preschool children, and the research noted how much of the time children watched the screen. The order of clues was tested. All aspects of the program could be changed if the testing suggested it would work better some other way.


In 2017, a reboot of Blue's Clues was announced. It premiered on November 11, 2019.

Ford Motor Company

The Ford Motor Company (FMC; often known as Ford) is an American multinational automaker, founded on June 16, 1903 by Henry Ford. Ford, which owns the luxury vehicle manufacturer Lincoln, was the second-largest automaker, after General Motors, 1931 to 2004. Formerly, Ford also owned the following brands:


In 1896, Henry Ford had an idea to make a Quadricycle, the first "horseless carriage" he built. This four-wheeled vehicle was very different from cars we drive now. It was very different even from vehicles Ford produced just a few years later. Even so, this was the start of Ford's career as a businessman. Until the Quadricycle, Ford's work had been experimental and theoretical. For example, in the 1890s, Ford built a gas engine on his kitchen table — just an engine with nothing to power. Enough people liked the Quadricycle, and much could be done with the it, so it led to the beginning of Ford's business.

Ford Motor Company started on June 16, 1903, when Henry Ford and 11 business helpers signed papers to form the company. Their first Ford production car, the Model A, was sold in Detroit, Michigan a few months later. (This Model A should not be confused with their more famous Model A, which came out in 1927). With $280,000 (around 165 000 pounds), the early businessmen made what was to become one of the world's largest companies. Few companies changed the history and development of industry and society in the 20th century as much as Ford Motor Company.

Ford Motor Company's most important contribution to automotive manufacturing was the (moving) assembly line. First implemented at the Highland Park plant (in Michigan, US) in 1913, this new method let each workers to stay in one place, to do the same job repeatedly as the vehicles went by on the assembly line. The line proved to be very efficient; it helped the company make more cars, and make them cheaper than other car companies could do at the time. Before using the assembly line, Ford made 12,000 Model T's in a year. With the assembly line, Ford could make 12,000 Model T's in just two days. Ford had discovered how to make more cars that more people could afford to buy. He even paid his workers higher salaries than other car companies and still made money.

Henry Ford insisted that the company's future lay in the production of affordable cars for a mass market. In 1903, the company began using the first 19 letters of the alphabet to name new cars. In 1908, the Model T was born, and it was sold for 19 years. By selling 15 million Model T's, Ford Motor Company became a giant company which spanned the globe. They built plants in the Soviet Union, Japan and other places. Ford started making farm tractors, trucks and school buses. In 1925, Ford Motor Company bought the Lincoln Motor Company. It uses that name to build luxury cars. In the 1930s, the name "Mercury" was given to its mid-priced cars. Ford Motor Company was growing.

The 1920s

The 1930s

Model A Convertible
1932 Ford Model B Coup

The 1950s

The 1960s

The 1970s

The 1980s

The 1990s 

The 2000s

Current

Rastafari movement

A Rastafarian (often called a Rasta) is a member of the Rastafari movement. Most Rastafarians live in the Caribbean, most notably Jamaica.

Rastafarians say that Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, is Jah (shortened from Jehovah). They say that Jesus has returned again in the form of Haile Selassie I, or Jah, as he promised in the Bible, and he will deliver them to Zion, their name for paradise or Ethiopia.

There are several things that define a Rastafarian: they do not drink alcohol, they do not cut their hair, they spiritually smoke marijuana, they have a strict all-natural (often vegetarian) diet, and they believe in Jah and Zion.

Their diet is called "I-tal" derived from the word "vital", and is something like Jewish kosher, but sometimes with no meat at all.

Dreadlocks are a common hairstyle of Rastafarians. For them, dreadlocks are an expression of spirituality: the term "dread" refers to a "fear of the Lord".

Naturality is an important part of the Rastafari way of life. They want to return to Africa and live naturally. They believe that smoking marijuana helps them to get in touch with Jah, and their way of life is improved when they practice meditation.

Many reggae musicians are part of the Rastafari movement, including the famous musician Bob Marley, who died in 1981. Rapper Snoop Dogg became a Rastafarian in 2012. He has made an album of reggae music.

John Constable

John Constable (East Bergholt, Suffolk 11 June 1776 – London, 31 March 1837) was an English painter and artist.

His family had plenty of money because his father owned a business running corn mills. Constable's father wanted his son to take over the business after him, but Constable started painting at an early age, and convinced his father to let him follow art as a career.

He married Maria Bicknell in 1816, and they had seven children. She died in 1829 of tuberculosis.

His paintings are treasures of British art, but in his lifetime his work was appreciated more in France. Constable's most famous painting, "The Hay Wain" (now in the National Gallery in London), was first shown at the Paris Salon in 1824. He had to wait until he was 52 years old before the Royal Academy voted that he should be a member.

Constable was influenced by the French painter Claude Lorrain. His most famous paintings are landscapes showing the countryside around Dedham and Flatford, where his father's mills were.

Constable's idea was to use nature itself, rather than imagination. He told Leslie, "When I sit down to make a sketch from nature, the first thing I try to do is to forget that I have ever seen a picture".

Although Constable produced paintings throughout his life for the market of patrons and R.A. exhibitions, on-the-spot studies were essential. He never just followed a formula. "The world is wide", he wrote, "no two days are alike, nor even two hours; neither were there ever two leaves of a tree alike since the creation of all the world; and the genuine productions of art, like those of nature, are all distinct from each other".

Constable painted many full-scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes in order to test the composition in advance of finished pictures. These large sketches, with their free and vigorous brushwork, were revolutionary at the time. The sketches for and convey a vigour missing from his finished oil paintings of the same subjects. Compare the composition of this preliminary study with the finished painting: . Possibly more than any other aspect of Constable's work, the oil sketches reveal him to be an avant-garde painter, one who showed that landscape painting could be taken in a totally new direction.

Constable's watercolours were also remarkably free for their time. The almost mystical "Stonehenge", 1835, with its double rainbow, is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolours ever painted. When he exhibited it in 1836, Constable appended a text to the title: "The mysterious monument of Stonehenge, standing remote on a bare and boundless heath, as much unconnected with the events of past ages as it is with the uses of the present, carries you back beyond all historical records into the obscurity of a totally unknown period".
In addition to the full-scale oil sketches, Constable completed numerous studies of landscapes and clouds, to become more scientific in his recording of atmospheric conditions. , for example, prompted a critic to write: "the atmosphere possesses a characteristic humidity about it, that almost imparts the wish for an umbrella".

The sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air. To convey the effects of light and movement, Constable used broken brushstrokes, often in small touches, which he worked over lighter passages. This gave an impression of sparkling light over the landscape. One of the most expressionistic and powerful of all his studies is "Seascape Study with Rain Cloud", painted in around 1824 at Brighton, which captures with slashing dark brushstrokes an exploding shower at sea. Constable also became interested in painting rainbow effects, for example in "Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows", 1831, and in "", 1833.
To the sky studies he added notes, often on the back of the sketches, of the prevailing weather conditions, direction of light, and time of day, believing that the sky was "the key note, the standard of scale, and the chief organ of sentiment" in a landscape painting. In this habit he is known to have been influenced by the pioneering work of the meteorologist Luke Howard on the classification of clouds. "I have done a good deal of skying", Constable wrote to Fisher on 23 October 1821.

Constable once wrote in a letter to Leslie, "My limited and abstracted art is to be found under every hedge, and in every lane, and therefore nobody thinks it worth picking up". He could never have imagined how influential his honest techniques would turn out to be. Constable's art inspired not only contemporaries like Géricault and Delacroix, but the Barbizon School, and the French impressionists of the late nineteenth century.

Alyssa Milano

Alyssa Milano (born December 19, 1972) is an American actress. She is best known for her appearance in the 1980s television series "Who's The Boss?". She was one of the stars of The WB's series "Charmed" since 1998.

Milano was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. She moved to Great Kills, Staten Island early in her life.

In 2015, Milano supported Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election.

In October 2017, Milano helped popularized the #MeToo movement, an international internet movement, to raise awareness of the dangers and victims of sexual abuse and sexual harassment.


A Beautiful Mind (movie)

A Beautiful Mind is a 2001 biographical movie about the mathematician John Nash and his experiences of schizophrenia. It is set in Massachusetts and New Jersey. It stars Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, and Paul Bettany. It was directed by Ron Howard.

The movie is based on a book by Sylvia Nasar.

The movie won four Academy Awards, including the Academy Award for Best Picture. Connelly won for Best Supporting Actress.

McGurk effect

The McGurk effect shows how hearing and vision are used for speech perception. Named after the man who found it, Harry McGurk (23 February 1936 – 17 April 1998), it says that people hear speech with their ears, and use other senses to help interpret what they hear. The McGurk effect happens when watching a video of a person saying /ga/ with a sound-recording saying /ba/. When this is done, a third sound is heard: /da/.

The McGurk effect is robust: that is, it still works even if a person knows about it. This is different from some optical illusions, which do not work anymore once a person can see it.

The McGurk effect describes a phenomenon that shows how speech perception is not dependent only on auditory information. Visual information in the form of reading the lips is also taken into account and combined with the auditory information that is heard to produce the final stimuli perceived. This can get particularly interesting when the auditory information of one sound, paired with the spoken lips of another sound, ultimately combine to form the perception of a third different sound.

When humans perceive speech, they not only take in auditory information but also visual information as well in the form of reading lips, facial expression, and other bodily cues. Usually, these two sources of information are consistent with each other so the brain simply combines them to form one unified perceived stimulus. When the McGurk effect is tested and the incoming information from the ears and eyes differ, the brain tries to make sense of the contradictory stimuli which ultimately results in a fusion of both. In humans, information received from the eyes dominates other sensory modalities, including audition, so for instance when 'ba' is heard and 'ga' is seen, the resulting stimulus is heard is 'da'. The resulting stimulus is what happens when the brain tries to make sense of the two different sets of information.

Around the same time that Harry McGurk and John Macdonald discovered what is now known as the McGurk effect, Barbara Dodd discovered a similar effect with audio-visual speech interpretation but instead it was with the visual cue of 'hole' and the audio cue of 'tough' which ultimately generated the audio perception of 'towel'. These discoveries changed the way scientists and researchers view the interaction of different senses in the brain.

Infants also show signs similar to the McGurk effect. Obviously an infant cannot be asked what they hear since they cannot verbally communicate but by measuring certain variables such as their attention to audiovisual stimuli, effects similar to the McGurk effect can be seen. Very soon after infants are born, sometimes even within minutes of birth, they are able to imitate adult facial movements; an important first step in audiovisual speech perception. Next comes the ability to recognize lip movements and speech sounds a couple of weeks after birth. Evidence of the McGurk effect is not visible until about 4 months, with a much stronger presence at around 5 months. To test this effect on infants, infants are first habituated to a stimulus. Once the stimulus gets changed, the infant exhibits an effect similar to the McGurk effect. As infants grow older and continue to develop, the McGurk effect also becomes more prominent as visual cues start to override purely auditory information in audiovisual speech perception.

Although the McGurk effect has been primarily studied in English because of its origins in English speaking countries, research has spread to others countries with different languages. In particular, the comparison between English and Japanese has been prominent. Research has shown that the McGurk effect is much more prominent in English listeners compared to Japanese listeners. One strong hypothesis for this is the difference between cultures and how each culture behaves and interacts. Japanese culture is notable for politeness and avoiding direct eye or face contact when interacting.

This phenomenon has also been studied in French Canadian children and adults. When compared to adults, children tend to show less susceptibility to the McGurk effect since their primary sense of speech perception is dominated by auditory information. This is evident in children scoring lower on lip reading tasks when compared to adults. Nevertheless, the McGurk effect was present in certain contexts but the effects were much more variable than when the tests were run on adults.

Although the McGurk effect's importance may seem isolated to just psychological researchers and scientists, this phenomenon has been expanded to everyday audio and visual speech perception. Two researchers by the name of Wareham and Wright conducted a study in 2005 that may suggest that the McGurk effect can influence how everyday speech is perceived. This is especially important in witness testimony where the observations and accounts of the witness are usually expected to be accurate and correct. With this information, witness testimonies now must be interpreted with the notion that the witness may be unaware of their own inaccurate perception.



J. M. W. Turner

Joseph Mallord William Turner (Covent Garden, London, 23 April 1775 – Chelsea, London, 19 December 1851) was an English painter and artist. He was one of the greatest artists of landscape painting, with a great mastery of light and colour.

His father was a maker of wigs. His mother was ill with mental problems, and the young Turner was sent to live with his uncle in Brentford, West London, where he first started to paint.

Turner became a student at the Royal Academy of Art school in London when he was 14 years old. He was accepted into the academy a year later. He had a watercolour painting in 1790 in the academy's important art show. He had only been studying for a year. In 1802, at the age of only 28, he was elected a member of the Royal Academy, and later became its Professor of Perspective.

In 1802, Turner travelled around Europe, visiting France and Switzerland. He also went to the Louvre in Paris. During his life, he often travelled across Europe, visiting Venice in Italy several times. As his personal style developed, he began to produce paintings that were generalised or exaggerated in form and colour, rather than realistic or detailed. These caused much argument as to their artistic value, but nowadays are his best loved works. On his death, he left 300 oils and 20,000 watercolours to the British nation. Some of his watercolours are the most abstract or generalised of his paintings.

Turner never married, although he had two children with his mistress Sarah Danby. For much of his life, he lived with his father, who helped him in his studio until he died in 1829.

In his early career, Turner was influenced by the painters Claude Lorrain and Nicolas Poussin, who painted "historical" landscapes.

Turner became interested in natural catastrophes, and natural phenomena such as sunlight, storm, rain, and fog. He was fascinated by the violent power of the sea. His paintings revolve around the light of the sun, shown in infinite variety. His work showed some of the ideas of the impressionists decades before they arrived on the scene. Monet, in particular, studied Turner's methods.

His most famous paintings include "The Fighting Temeraire tugged to her last berth to be broken up". Often called just "The Fighting Temeraire", this is a picture of a famous warship that was used in the Battle of Trafalgar. Other pictures include "Rain, Steam and Speed", which shows a steam train crossing a bridge, and "Snowstorm" which shows a steamship in a snowstorm trying to get into a harbour. In order to get the right feeling into this painting, he had himself tied to a ship's mast during a storm, so that he could see what it was like. Some of his most famous paintings show the roughness of nature, with bleak landscapes and violent storms.

But also there is beauty and a sense of calmness in pictures such as Crossing the Brook, a stunning scenic view of the Tamar Valley and River from New Bridge near Gunnislake in Cornwall, painted in 1815, a view which can still be admired today.

As he grew older, Turner's behaviour became a bit odd, and he became depressed quite often. He died in Chelsea on 19 September 1851, and was buried next to the painter Joshua Reynolds in St Paul's Cathedral.

Even while Turner was alive, some people thought he was a genius. Some people complained that the pictures he painted when he was older were not realistic, and some even joked that they could have been painted with a mop. However, most think that his way of painting shows complete mastery.

Mug

A mug is a container for drinking. It has one handle on the side. It is usually made of ceramic or steel. People might talk about getting "a mug of beer" at a local pub. They might also drink a mug of coffee in the morning.

Claude Monet

Claude Monet (14 November 1840 – 5 December 1926) was a French impressionist artist.
One of his most famous paintings was called "Water Lilies", which he repeated many times in various conditions.

Monet was born in Paris, France. His father wanted him to help run the family's grocery business. However, Monet wanted to be an artist. When he was young he met the painter Eugène Boudin who taught him to use oil paints, and encouraged him to paint out of doors.

Monet joined the French Army in Algeria for two years from 1860 to 1862. When he became ill he left the army to study art at university. He did not like the way art was taught, and joined the painter Charles Gleyre in his studio. He met other artists here, including Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Alfred Sisley. They shared their ideas about painting.

In 1866 Monet had a child with Camille Doncieux, who had been his model. They married in 1870 and had two children, Michel and Joseph. In 1870 he moved to England to escape the Franco-Prussian War, and in 1871 he moved to Argenteuil near Paris where he painted some of his most famous pictures. In 1873 he painted "Impression, Sunrise", showing the sea at Le Havre. When this picture was shown in 1874 one critic took its title and called the group of artists "Impressionists". He intended to make fun of the artists, but the name has stuck and this is what people today call this style of painting.

In 1879 Camille died of tuberculosis. Alice Hoschedé decided to help Monet by taking care of his children as well as her own. In 1883 they moved to a house in Giverny where Monet planted a large garden. Monet married Alice in 1892.

Monet found that his garden inspired him to paint pictures of it, particularly the water lilies. Alice died in 1911, and his son Jean was killed in World War I in 1914.

Monet used broad brush strokes to build up his pictures, and painted quite quickly to try and get the idea of the light he could see into his paintings. If you go very close to one of his pictures it is hard to see what it shows, but if you stand back everything becomes clear.

His later paintings include series, in which he paints the same subject in different lights. For example, he painted a series of pictures of haystacks in a field, and another series of pictures of the west front of Rouen Cathedral. There are many paintings of the lilies in his garden at Giverny.


Video

Video is a technology. It records moving images onto some medium. The recorder may be a separate machine such as a videocassette recorder (also called a VCR) or built into something else such as a video camera. A popular 20th century videotape format was VHS. It was used by many people to record television programmes onto cassettes. This is usually an analog format. In the 21st century digital recording is used more often than analog recording. By extension, a video clip is a short movie. A music video usually stars someone who recorded an (audio) album. One purpose is to promote the album.

Video is made using a video camera. A camera is an electronic device that takes light from the real world and makes it into pictures. A video camera is like a camera, but takes many pictures very very fast to make it a video.

Video is shown with a screen. A screen can either be a monitor, a projector, or a television. The purpose of a screen is to turn video information into light.

When video technology was first made, it was made for televisions. At first, it was for mechanical televisions, but then cathode-ray tube televisions became more common. The technology was analog.

Digital video came after analog video. At first, the digital video was not useful because the bitrate (how quick a picture moves through a wire) was too high. After data compression was made, digital video became more useful than analog video.

Frames per second is a number which means how quick a picture is shown to a person watching the video. Videos are just pictures shown one by one, but very very fast. So the frame rate is the number of pictures that are shown in 1 second.

A video can be interlaced or progressive. When a picture is shown in a video, it is divided into many lines.

In a progressive video, The screen will draw each line one by one from the top of the picture until the bottom of the picture.

But in an interlaced video, the screen will only draw the odd lines at first. So the screen will draw 1, 3, 5, 7, until it touches the bottom. When it does, the screen will go to the second line, and draw the even lines.

A video has an aspect ratio. An aspect ratio gives the shape of a video. The video can either be a square or a rectangle. To get the aspect ratio, you divide the width by the height. Then you write it as a ratio.

A video shaped like a square has an aspect ratio of 1, because the width and height are the same number.

A video which is a rectangle has an aspect ratio that is not 1. A video that is tall has an aspect ratio where the right side of the ratio is bigger. But a video that is wide has an aspect ratio where the left number is bigger.

Common aspect ratios are 16:9 and 4:3.

The pictures in a video have color information. For every pixel in the picture, which is a small box which is part of the picture, there is a color. This color can be put inside the video using a color model

Many people now use videos everyday.

Types of videos:

A video cable is a cable used to move video information from one electronic device to another one.


Exodus

Exodus is the second book in the Torah. Exodus in Hebrew is called "Shemot", which means 'names.'

Exodus means 'going out' in Latin. It is about how the Hebrew people were led out of Egypt by God. Moses, their leader, hears God's words and then tells the Israelites. Exodus ends with God's laws and his instructions on how to build a holy container called the Ark of the Covenant.

After the Hebrews went to Egypt to get food, the old Pharaoh died, and a new Pharaoh came to power and made each Hebrew a slave. The Pharaoh made the Hebrews work very hard and told his soldiers to throw their babies into the Nile River. One baby, was put in a reed basket and floated on the Nile. He was later rescued by an Egyptian princess who named him Moses. Moses grew up in Pharaoh's palace, and later killed an Egyptian slavedriver. Moses escaped from Egypt and lived away from his people in Midian. He lived with Jethro, his father-in-law.
One day, while Moses was tending his flocks, God appeared in a burning bush to Moses and told him to lead the Israelites out of Egypt. As Moses had no confidence in doing this, God gives him his brother Aaron to help him. Aaron was good at speaking and helped Moses speak to the Pharaoh.

When he returned to Egypt, Moses asked the Pharaoh to let the Israelites go, but the Pharaoh refused. Through God's power, Moses causes ten plagues to come on Egypt.

The last plague was the death of all the firstborns in Egypt. Only the Israelites' firstborns were spared, as they had the blood of a young lamb on their door, so God did not let the Angel of Death enter their houses (12:23). The Pharaoh finally decided to let the Israelites go.

While the Israelites were crossing the Sea of Reeds, the Pharaoh changed his mind and decided to follow them with his troops. The Israelites passed safely as Moses split the Sea with his staff by God's power. Once the Hebrews all passed the sea closed, leaving all the Pharaoh's troops to drown.

Later, at Mount Sinai, Moses received the law and the Ten Commandments from God. But the Israelites sinned against God by worshiping an idol (a golden calf). Moses broke the first two stone tablets of the Ten Commandments in anger. God later gave him another two. He also told Moses how to build the Ark of the Covenant."Ten Times the Israelites rebelled and tested the L-D during Exodus despite his revealation to them; according to rabbinic literature it was because "..They were still laboring under the slave mentality of the Egyptian bondage."

The book has been filmed several times, as "The Ten Commandments" and "The Prince of Egypt".

Stretching (body piercing)

Stretching is a word used to describe a kind of body modification. It is when a person widens a pierced hole in their body.

Stretching is usually done a little bit at a time, so the pierced hole would not bleed or get infected. 

There are some common ways used to stretch piercings, of different origins and useful for different people.





Body jewellery is measured in gauges from 20g up to 000g; sizes larger than that are measured in fractions of inches. In Europe they are measured in millimeters.

The table below is not exact, but very close.

Chernobyl disaster

The Chernobyl disaster was a nuclear disaster that happened on April 26, 1986 at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant near the town of Pripyat, Ukraine. At that time, Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union. The station was around 110 kilometres north of the nation's capital, Kyiv.

The event was one of the worst accidents in the history of nuclear power. It was rated level 7, the most severe level, on the International Nuclear Event Scale. The only other accident with a level 7 rating is Fukushima. Because the RBMK reactors that were used at the plant had no containment building to keep the radiation in, radioactive fallout drifted over parts of the western Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, and the eastern United States. Large areas of Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia were badly contaminated. About 60% of the radioactive fallout landed in Belarus. About 360,000 people needed to be moved to other places, where they could live after the accident. In addition, many people suffered from acute radiation poisoning and long-term illnesses such as thyroid cancer.

On the day of the incident, there was a planned power reduction. By the beginning of the day shift, the power level had reached 50%. Following this, randomly, one of the regional power stations went offline. It was then requested that the further power reduction would be postponed. That request was made on the afternoon of April 25 and further power down was allowed after 22:00 (10:00 PM).

A turbine generator run down test was scheduled to take place before the routine shutdown. At 00:05 on April 26, the power was at around 23%. 30 minutes later, the power fell to a near-zero level, probably due to change of regulator. At 01:00 the power stabilized at around 6% and the test would be run at that level. A turbine was switched off and its oscillations were measured. Shift foreman A.F. Akimov reported to deputy-chief engineer A.S. Dyatlov (who supervised the power down) that the oscillations were measured and a final briefing was given. Everyone went to their instruments and at 01:23:04 the turbine generator run down test began. Everything went completely normal. 

The reactor showed a tendency to accelerate as the cooling pumps connected to the turbine generator were slowing, and due to the property called positive void coefficient of reactivity; as number of so-called ‘voids’ (e.g. steam bubbles) increases due to increased boiling or loss of coolant, so does the reactivity. But the operators successfully kept the reactor in control and it did not accelerate. At 01:23:40 SIUR (senior reactor chief control engineer) L.F. Toptunov pressed the emergency protection button as planned for the shutdown, at the end of the test. The power was at 7% when the button was pressed. However, instead of shutting down, the reactor suffered a power surge. This was due to the reactor being unstable at low power and the shutdown system having severe design flaws. At 01:23:43 the power jumped to 17%. Due to the power increase, the automatic control rods suffered damage and they jammed. Fuel channels ruptured and at 01:23:47 the reactor exploded.

The explosion was so powerful that it blew the 1000 ton steel lid off the reactor. The explosion released large amounts of radioactive materials and fuel. This caused the neutron moderator, made of graphite, to start to burn. The fire released more radioactive fallout, which was carried by the smoke of the fire into the environment.

After the accident, Reactor 4 was covered by a "sarcophagus" made from steel and concrete to stop the escape of more radiation from the lost corium as well as radioactive dust. The sarcophagus was covered in 2016 with the New Safe Confinement structure.

The accident raised concerns about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry. The Soviet Union slowed the process of making its nuclear industry bigger for some time. The government also had to become less secretive as a result of the accident. Since 1991, Russia, Ukraine and Belarus have become separate countries. Those countries have continued to pay the high costs for decontamination (removing the radiation) and health care because of the accident. Exposure to radiation leads to a higher risk of getting cancer.
It is difficult to accurately tally the number of deaths caused by the events at Chernobyl. A 2005 IAEA report tells of 56 direct deaths; of those, 47 were accident workers, and 9 were children who died of thyroid cancer. The report thinks that up to 4,000 people may die from long term diseases related to the accident. However, other estimates range from 4,000 to 27,000 by the Union of Concerned Scientists or Greenpeace who estimate that between 93,000 - 200,000 people died as a result of the disaster. Following the disaster, babies and animals born around Chernobyl had defects, such as cerebrovascular diseases, physical disfigurations, and mental disorders. The animals exposed to high levels of radiation were born with physical deformities and mutations. Other animals, like birds were born with smaller brains and less viable sperm. 

The other three reactors at Chernobyl continued to operate after the disaster because but were not enough other power plants in Ukraine to meet energy demands. Reactor 2 was decommissioned (permanently turned off and stopped being used) in 1991 after a fire in its turbine hall. Reactor 1 was decommissioned in 1996, and reactor 3 was decommissioned in 2000. In 2018, a 3800 panel, 1 megawatt solar plant was opened next to the former nuclear plant. 


Pripyat

Pripyat (Ukrainian: При́п'ять, "Pryp”iat’") is an abandoned city in northern Ukraine. It lies in Kyiv Oblast, near the border with Belarus. It was home to Chernobyl nuclear power plant workers. The city was abandoned in 1986 after the Chernobyl accident, the worst nuclear reactor accident in history. Before being abandoned, about 48,000 people lived in the city. The city was founded in the 1970s, when the nuclear power plant opened.
The site today is practically a museum showing the late Soviet era. With entirely abandoned buildings, including abandoned apartment buildings (four of which were yet to be used), swimming pools and hospitals, everything inside remains, from records to papers to children's toys and clothing. Pripyat and the surrounding area will not be safe for people to live there for several centuries. Scientists think that the most dangerous radioactive elements will take up to nine hundred years to decay sufficiently to render the area safe.

The city is entirely accessible and is relatively safe on the road, although it is unsafe to go around the city without a radiation dosimeter that measures exposure. The doors of all the buildings are open to reduce the risk to visitors, although many have accumulated too much radioactive material to be safe to visit.



Thyroid cancer

Thyroid cancer is cancer in the thyroid gland. Doctors can find thyroid cancer by checking for swelling in the neck, blood tests, special scans, or taking a biopsy.

There are four types of thyroid cancer:

Containment building

A containment building is a building with a nuclear reactor in it. It is built around the reactor to keep the radiation from getting out, if something happens to the reactor. The containment building is the last barrier to the radiation getting into the environment. Containment systems for nuclear power reactors are distinguished by size, shape, materials used, and suppression systems. The kind of containment used is determined by the type of reactor, generation of the reactor, and the specific plant needs.

The Chernobyl accident was very bad partly because the Soviet RBMK reactors used at the Chernobyl power plant had no containment buildings. The explosion, however, was so powerful that it is unlikely a containment building would have completely prevented the release of radiation.

The diagram shows the order of defense layers for a nuclear reactor. The first layer of defense is the inert, ceramic quality of the uranium oxide itself. The second layer is the air tight zirconium alloy of the fuel rod. The third layer is the reactor pressure vessel made of steel more than a dozen centimeters thick. The fourth layer is the pressure resistant, air tight "containment building". The fifth layer is the exclusion zone around the reactor.

Chernobyl

Chernobyl or Chornobyl () is a city in northern Ukraine, near the border with Belarus.

It was an important center of trade and commerce, especially in the 19th century. The city is 14.5 kilometers (9 miles) south of the Chornobyl nuclear power plant, which became known for the Chornobyl disaster. The plant exploded on 26 April 1986. Clouds of dangerous radioactive particles were released. The power plant started leaking dangerous radioactive matter. More than 100,000 people were evacuated from the city and other affected areas. 

Despite the fact that radiation is still being emitted from the nuclear disaster site, the 800-year-old city of Chornobyl survives. As of 2004, government workers still police the zone. They try to clean up radioactive material. Hundreds of people — mostly the elderly — have decided to live with the dangers and have returned to their homes in the zone's towns and villages. Their population was highest in 1987, when there were more than 1200 people. In 2003, there were about 300. There are currently 704 people living in Chornobyl, the houses that have people inside have a sign on the outside saying, Owner of this house lives here.

In 2022, as part of Russia's invasion into Ukraine, Chernobyl has since been under Russian military control.

Klaus Wowereit

Klaus Wowereit (born 1 October 1953) is a German politician. He was born in Berlin. He was the SPD Governing Mayor of Berlin from 2001 to 2014. He and his party won 31.4% of the votes in the 2001 state elections, and he started a coalition government with Linkspartei.PDS. He was President of the Bundesrat in 2001/02. He was re-elected as Governing Mayor in 2006, and has carried on the coalition.

He supports Kurt Beck as "Kanzlerkandidat", the SPDs nominee for the Chancellorship of Germany. Many people wanted Wowereit to be the candidate, not so many after he decided to stay in coalition with Die Linke after the 2006 elections.

He is openly gay.

Klaus Wowereit attended the Ulrich-von-Hutten-Oberschule in Berlin until 1973. He went on to study law at the Free University Berlin, passing his first State Exams in 1981 and the second set in 1984.

After university Wowereit spent three years as a civil servant in the Senate Office (that is, Ministry) of the Interior. At the age of 30, he was became the youngest councillor in the city of Berlin when he was elected a councillor of Tempelhof Borough. After eleven years he stood for the Berlin House of Deputies Abgeordnetenhaus which is City's Landtag or state legislature in 1995. In December 1999, he was elected chairman of the SPD parliamentary group in the Abgeordnetenhaus. From June 2001 to December 2014 he served as Governing Mayor, "Regierender Bürgermeister", of Berlin.

Wowereit is one of the most famous German politicians who has openly declared himself homosexual. He came out at a convention of the Berlin SPD just before the 2001 mayoral elections, when he said "" ("I am gay, and it's good that way".) This is now a famous quotation in Germany. He probably came out so that the tabloid newspapers could not publish what they thought were embarrassing stories about him.

Wowereit is not the only gay mayor of a large European city. Bertrand Delanoë, the mayor of Paris, is openly gay, and Ole von Beust, the former mayor of Hamburg, is also gay.

In September 2007, Wowereit published an autobiography called ""...und das ist auch gut so."", after his famous coming out phrase.


Sino-Soviet split

The Sino-Soviet split (1956-1966) was a time when the relations between the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union weakened during the Cold War. Eventually, China's leader, Mao Zedong, decided to break the alliance with the Soviet Union.
The Soviet leader, Stalin, wanted to help spread communism in the world, including China. In the Second Sino-Japanese War, the Soviets gave weapons and supplies to the Kuomintang, and advised the Communists to ally with them against the Japanese Empire. The Chinese Civil War continued, however. After World War II, Stalin and the Soviet Union helped the Communists. Chinese leaders disliked the Soviet leaders for not helping Mao and the Communists from the start.

Suddenly, in 1953, Stalin died. Mao saw Stalin as the leader of Communism, but also had a bad relationship with the Soviet Union throughout his time as leader. The new Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev, was not like Stalin. He did not want capitalism to collapse like Stalin did. Mao got angry about this, and he wanted Nikita Khrushchev to help him fight the imperialists. Khrushchev said no, and then Mao decided that if Khrushchev was not going to cooperate, they would not work with each other anymore.

Later, there was peace between the USSR and China, but they were suspicious of each other. They were no longer allies, and Mao's supporters said that it had been a victory.

Awake

Being Awake is a daily brain state. It is being in a state of consciousness where one is conscious about the surroundings. The person (or animal) can respond to these surroundings by communicating, walking, eating, and more. 

Being awake is the opposite of being asleep. When you are asleep most responses to your surroundings are turned off, and you are unconscious of what is happening around you.

Animals are awake for some hours each day or night. Animals which are awake during the day are called diurnal. Animals which are awake during the night are called nocturnal.

Diurnal animals include humans. They wake up in the morning and are awake during the day. When they are awake they can eat and move. 

Liu Bei

Liu Bei (; 161-223) was the founder of the Chinese Shu Han dynasty and its first Emperor.

He went into battle against the Yellow Turban Rebellion in 184, along with his sworn brothers Guan Yu and Zhang Fei. Later (in 190) he joined Gongsun Zan against the evil Dong Zhuo who had seized the Han emperor Xian. 

After Dong lost, the emperor was in the clutches of his followers—until Cao Cao saved him and seized control over him. Cao Cao tried to conquer all of China for the emperor but in fact wanted to conquer it for himself. He defeated Liu Bei once at the Battle of Changban in 207 but was not able to win the Battle of Red Cliffs against the united forces of Liu Bei and Sun Quan, a warlord in the South.

Sun Quan granted Liu Bei some land in the West of his domain, and the two agreed to fight Cao Cao again if necessary.

From 211 to 214, Liu Bei conquered the country Ba Shu in the West. Because he had now an empire of his own, Sun Quan demanded his western regions back but Liu Bei declined. This made Sun Quan quite angry.

After several useless battles against Liu Bei's general Guan Yu, Cao Cao chose to make a union with Sun Quan. They attacked Guan Yu with their allied forces and overthrew him in 219. Liu Bei was mad and swore revenge for the death of his brother and the loss of an important part of his empire.

When Cao Cao died in 220, his son Cao Pi forced Emperor Xian of Han to give up his power. Cao Pi declared himself Emperor of the Wei Dynasty. Liu Bei found that offensive, for he was a member of the royal family of Han and considered himself the righteous Emperor of China. That's why he declared himself emperor of the Shu Han in 221. The next year, Sun Quan claimed the title "Emperor of Wu" for himself.

Liu Bei was really mad at Sun Quan's arrogance. In 222 he opposed him in the Battle of Yiling but failed due to Lu Xun's (a Wu general) great tactics. After his defeat Liu Bei got ill and died a year later. His son Liu Shan followed him as emperor.

Cao Cao

Cao Cao ( 155-220) was a Chinese general. He managed to control the last Han Emperor Xian and conquered the whole northern China.

Cao Cao gathered an army in 184 to fight against the Yellow Scarves rebellion. After the Dong Zhuo had seized the Emperor Liu Bian in 189 and deposed him in favour of his brother Liu Xie (Emperor Xian), a coalition of local warlords all over the country arose against Dong. It was called by Cao Cao and led by Yuan Shao, and many powerful warriors joined it.
After Dong Zhuo's death through the hands of his foster son Lü Bu, Emperor Xian was controlled by Dong's associates. He fled to Chang'an (the old capital) in 195 but almost starved to death. Cao Cao saved him in 196 and brought him to his own place at Xuchang.

With the emperor under his control, Cao Cao managed to kill most of the minor warlords in Northern China and was even able to defeat Lü Bu and the powerful Yuan Shao at Guandu in 200. He tried to conquer the south, too, but Liu Bei and Sun Quan opposed him and defeated his forces in the "Battle at Red Cliffs". Cao Cao led several campaigns against the south, but with fairly low success. Also, he managed to get the famous general Guan Yu killed by Sun Quan's general Lü Meng.

Cao Cao died in 220, and his son Cao Pi followed him in control of the emperor. He eventually deposed him the same year and became Emperor Wen of Wei, making his father posthumously "Emperor Wu of Wei".

Cao Cao was a poet. Only some of his poetry can be found today. 

Zhang Fei

Zhang Fei (167–221) was a warrior in ancient China. He fought along with his brothers Liu Bei and Guan Yu for the restoration of the Han Dynasty.

In the battles against the Dong Zhuo, Zhang fended off the enemy general Lü Bu and was greatly rewarded by his then-ally Cao Cao.

Zhang Fei was later killed by his own officers, because after the death of his brother Guan Yu, he became a drunk.

Dong Zhuo

Dong Zhuo (; 139 – 192) was a general in ancient China. He took control over the imperial court of Han in 189. He was later killed by his own foster son, Lu Bu.

Dong Zhuo had been a successful warrior and general since his youth. However, he was defeated by Yellow Scarves rebels in 184 and was demoted. After the death of Emperor Ling, the eunuchs kidnapped the young follower Liu Bian and his brother Liu Xie. Dong Zhuo freed them and intimidated the kidnappers so they committed suicide by drowning in the Yellow River. Dong then brought the emperor and his brother back to the capital Luoyang and seized control over the court. Because Liu Bian seemed too stupid to him, Dong deposed him and made his brother Liu Xie emperor instead (Emperor Xian). In 190 he poisoned Liu Bian.

Dong Zhuo became arrogant and violent. He even forced the emperor to move to the city Chang'an as capital instead and burned Luoyang. Because of that, many warlords and Han generals all over the country formed an alliance to destroy Dong's reign. After some fierce battles, Lü Bu knew that his position was lost, and killed his foster father Dong in 192.

Dong's associates Guo Si and Li Jue continued to control the emperor, but they started struggles and the emperor escaped. He was rescued by Cao Cao in 196.

Sun Quan

Sun Quan (; 182-252) was an ancient Chinese warlord and founder of Eastern Wu in 222.

His brother Sun Ce conquered Southeastern China from 197 until his death in 200. Sun Quan was in charge at the age of 18. He continued to expand his empire and drew back the forces of Cao Cao in the "Battle at Red Cliffs" (along with Liu Bei). To have better opportunities against the north, he gave his Jing Province to Liu Bei so that he could create an empire on his own. Liu Bei conquered the other western territories from 211 to 214 and set his brother Guan Yu in charge of defending Jing.

Now that Liu Bei had his own empire, Sun quan demanded his western province back from him, but Liu Bei declined. In alliance with Cao Cao, Sun Quan's general Lü Meng captured Guan Yu in 219 and slayed him along with his son, Guan Ping.

After Cao Cao's son Cao Pi started the Wei Dynasty in 220, Liu Bei also wanted to be an emperor and declared himself Emperor of Shu Han in 221. He considered himself the righteous heir of the abdicated Han emperor Xian. Sun Quan declared himself "King of Wu" in 222. Liu Bei found that offensive, and launched a great attack against Sun Quan but failed—due to Lu Xun's great tactics. He died a year later.

Under the regency of the Shu prime minister Zhuge Liang, the alliance between Shu and Wu was renewed. Both empires did not have to worry about their defense in the west/east after that.

In 229, Sun Quan declared himself "Emperor of Wu". His attacks on Wei were all in vain but he managed to develop his country very well. After his son Crown Prince Sun Deng died in 241, he made his now-oldest son Sun He Crown Prince. All along the next nine years, He would have trouble with his brother Sun Ba who wanted to be Crown Prince instead. Their fight even caused the honorable general Lu Xun to die of anger in 245.

In 250, Sun Quan was sick of his sons' struggles and deposed them both as princes. Instead he made his youngest son Sun Liang Crown Prince. Two years later, Sun Quan died at the age of 70. For his follower was too young to rule on his own, the official Zhuge Ke became regent.

Conference

A conference is an event where people get together to discuss things. For example, scientists usually present their findings at conferences. Many other types of people other than scientists attend conferences also. Business people sometimes come together to talk about things. International business conferences are very common because it allows individuals to showcase their knowledge to the world. Using modern media, like the Internet, or the telephone people can talk to each other that are not in the same place. This is then called a conference call. Very often, digital video cameras can be used to transmit images, as well as sound.

Pasture

A pasture is a piece of land. Usually specific grasses and herbs are grown on it. Then livestock is put on for "grazing". Rangeland is similarly used, but less controlled.

Hectare

A hectare is a unit of measurement of area. It is equal to 10,000 square metres, or a square with sides of 100 by 100 metres. 100 hectares is 1 square kilometre. Therefore, a farm with 200 hectares of fields has 2 square kilometres of fields.

The word "hectare" means 100 ares. "Hecto" is the metric prefix of 100. The "are" is a metric unit of area, equal to 100 square metres.

Zhuge Liang

Zhuge Liang (181-234) was a Chinese politician and general of the ancient Shu Han Dynasty.

He helped his lord Liu Bei conquer the country "Ba Shu" from 211 to 214, along with Pang Tong. After Liu Bei's death in 223, Zhuge Liang was a regent for the new emperor Liu Shan. Zhuge Liang attempted to conquer the Southern Wei territories five times but had no success. He died in 234, leaving the regency to Jiang Wei.

Wavelength

A wavelength is the length of the shortest repeating part of a "sine wave". All waves can be formed by adding up sine waves. That is, every wave is a total of sine waves, which may be identified by Fourier analysis. It is also known as the distance between a crest and another crest of a wave (highest point above equilibrium) or the distance between a trough and another trough of a wave (lowest point below the equilibrium of a wave).

Waves are everywhere. Examples of waves include:

The sine wave has a pattern that repeats. The length of this repeating piece of the sine wave is called the wavelength. The wavelength can be found by measuring the length or distance between one peak of a sine wave and the next peak. The wavelength can be found in many other ways too. As the frequency of a wave increases, the wavelength decreases Thus, the frequency and wavelength are in inverse proportionality. 

There are other properties of waves and sine waves, such as their frequency, amplitude, phase, and speed.

A symbol used for wavelength most often is the Greek letter "lambda" (λ).

Francis Scott Key

Francis Scott Key (August 1, 1779 - January 11, 1843) was an American lawyer and poet. He is best known for writing a poem which later became the words of "The Star-Spangled Banner", the national anthem of the United States of America. 

His mother was Ann Phoebe Penn Dagworthy (Charlton) and his father was Captain John Ross Key. He graduated from St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland in 1796.

Key became a leader of the American Colonization Society that created Liberia and freed a few if his own slaves. In the administration of Andrew Jackson he was the United States Attorney in Washington, D.C.


Latex

Latex, also known as rubber, is a natural polymer. It is taken from the milky sap of the rubber tree (Hevea brasiliensis), native to the tropical forests of Central and South America. 

Today, much of the natural latex comes from Southeast Asia, such as Malaysia and Indonesia. Polymers made from artificial latex are called "synthetic rubber." 

Properties 

Vulcanization makes rubber useful in many products:

Drum

A drum is a musical instrument. It is played with the hands, sometimes using a drum stick (a stick for hitting a drum). A collection of drums and cymbals is called a drum kit, or drum set. 

Drums are used to keep a steady beat in a song. They give music of many kinds a sense of feeling. For example, to make a song to be slow or fast, the drums play slower or faster.

A drum is a percussion instrument, which means it makes a noise by being hit. There are many types such as cymbals and bells; even a simple piece of wood can be used as a percussion instrument. 

The drum kit is a group of drums & cymbals to make beats for music. Drum kits are used in most types of popular music, including rock, jazz, country, blues, and many others.

Acoustic drum kit is a set of drums and cymbals designed to be played as one instrument. A standard drum kit is made from a bass drum, snare drum, set of tom toms, hi hat cymbals, a ride cymbal and a crash cymbal. The sound is produced by striking the drums or cymbals with a drum stick or mallet.

An electric drum kit is essentially a collection of sample pads set up in the same way as an acoustic drum kit. The pads themselves are designed to produce little acoustic sound, other than the dead sound of the wooden drum sticks hitting rubber. The drum kit sends electrical signals to an amplifier, speaker, or pair of headphones to be heard. This makes them ideal for practicing quietly. Recording electronic drums is very easy. They may be connected using a USB cable or an audio interface. 

Related pages

Galician

Galician might mean:


Pashupatinath Temple

Pashupatinath is one of the most sacred temples of Hinduism. It is in Kathmandu, the capital city of Nepal. It is the temple of the Hindu god Shiva.

Invasion

Invasion is a word that comes from Latin. Originally, it meant that something "goes in" (as in military occupation) of a foreign territory. So far, the following uses are known:


Olive tree

The olive tree is a small tree. Its scientific name is "Olea europaea". A long time ago, it came from the coastal areas of the eastern Mediterranean, from Syria and the maritime (next to the sea) parts of Asia Minor and northern Iran at the south end of the Caspian Sea. It has been farmed for a very long time. The Ancient Greeks were farming it. They spread the trees to the western part of the Mediterranean. 

Olive trees like soil with lots of chalk in it. They grow best on limestone slopes and crags in coastal climate. 

The Wild Olive is a small tree or shrub that grows up to 8–15 m tall with thorny branches. The leaves are opposite, 4–10 cm long and 1–3 cm wide. The leaves have a dark greyish-green color above and are pale with whitish scales below. The small white flowers, with calyx and corolla divided into four parts, two stamens and bifid stigma, are mostly on the last year's wood, in racemes coming up from the axils of the leaves. The fruit is a small drupe 1–2 cm long, thinner-fleshed and smaller in wild plants than in orchard cultivars.

Today, olive trees are grown for the following reasons:

In total, about 17.3 million tons of olives are produced every year. 60% of all olive trees are in the European Union. The top producers are:

Very probably, the first olive trees were grown in Syria. From there they spread rapidly. In Ancient Greece, the tree was considered to be holy. Some city states (polis) like Athens punished people for cutting down olive trees.

The branches in the flag of the United Nations are those of an olive tree.

In Christianity, the olive tree can be a sign of peace, because according to the Bible, a dove brought an olive branch to Noah to show that the flood was over.

In Palestine the olive tree and plant carry the symbolic connotations of resilience, health, ancestral ties and community. Researchers have found that the olive tree are tied into the Palestinian's Sutra, A’wana and Sumud. The tree is a means of survival and security, represents their bond to their land, community, and animals. Olive trees also serve as a symbol of their identities, which includes their physical and emotional aspects and their socio-cultural values. Palestinian people view the olive trees as the first witnesses that Palestine is their homeland. 

The season harvest is referred to as, ‘Palestine’s wedding’ and is considered a national holiday where children and faculty members receive two days off school to join the harvest. This holiday allows for community members to gather and serve as a ritual that encompasses their values surrounding family, labor power, community, and aid for other members of the community that do not possess land. This is practice through the tradition of leaving fruit on a tree during the harvest so that those who do not have land and are unable to partake in the harvest can still reap the benefits.

The symbolism connotation of resistance that is attached to the olive tree in Palestine comes from the displacement of Palestinian peoples. During Nakba in 1948 many Palestinian people were displaced and there was a massive land loss that included the loss of olive trees. Olives make up 25% of Palestine's economy as they use it to create oil, fuel, food and for medicinal products. In 1967 Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) had seized further land territories in the Gaza Strip and West Bank where majority of the olive trees are planted. With new zoning, checkpoints, and illegal walls being build the labors had to seek permits to harvest their olive trees. As a form of resistance, Palestinian people would plant olive trees to prevent Israeli forces from taking more land and this has shaped the new symbolism of resistance.


Hello

Hello is a greeting in the English language. It is common between two people in a non-formal (informal) setting, but can also be used in a formal setting. There are also many other ways of saying "hello", for example a wave of the hand, a salute or a bow (both very formal), a handshake (a little formal) or a high five (very informal). Saying "hello" is a sign of politeness, especially when it is said in a friendly way. "Hello" was first used in writing in about 1833.

Many people say "Hello" when they answer a phone call.

Other greetings like "hello" include; Hi , Hallo, Hiya, Howdy, Hey, Howya, 'Sup, Yo, 'Yello, Herro, Greetings, Good day, What's poppin', G'day mate, Top of the mornin' to you, Ay up, what's up mate and many more.

People then often say "goodbye" when they leave each other. "Goodbye" is a shortened version of the religious farewell expression "God be with ye", which indicates the user's religious belief, usually in a single god. Similar expressions exist in other languages such as: adieu, adieus, adieux, adios. These terms also possess religious undertones as they are derived from the Latin word "deus", meaning "god". This of course does not always mean they are religious.

Annexation

Annexation (Latin: "ad" "to" and "nexus" "joining") is the one-sided forceful takeover, such as military occupation, of one state's territory by another.


Manchuria

Manchuria (Northeast China) is the homeland of the Manchu people. To the Chinese, the region is simply known as the Northeast (Chinese: 东北, Dōngbĕi). Manchuria is made up of China's three northeastern most provinces: Liaoning, Jilin, and Heilongjiang. Parts of Manchuria were annexed by the Russian Empire in the past, and they are now ruled by Russia.

The name “Manchuria” comes from a Japanese version of the Chinese word Manzhou ().

In the early history, Manchuria was under the control of many Chinese kingdoms. Later, the Manchu people formed their own empire called Jurchen. They eventually invaded China and founded the Manchu Qing Dynasty. 

Although the Manchus, who at the time ruled China, signed a treaty with Russia, the Russians took advantage of the weak Qing government and annexed the part that touches the Pacific Ocean, where the modern Chinese city of Dalian stands today. Japan then attacked the Russians to take this important piece of land. Later, Japan invaded the Chinese part of Manchuria too (see Manchukuo). This eventually led to World War II.

After the war, Manchuria was handed over to China by the Soviet Union.

Manchuria is in north-east China and the Russian Far East. The land has rocks, grasslands, mountains, and deserts. The weather is very extreme. It is very hot and humid in the summer, and is very cold and dry in the winter.

Tuva

Tuva Republic is one of 85 federal subjects of Russia. Another way to spell its name is Tyva. It is in south Siberia. It is grouped and governed as part of Siberian Federal District. The Siberian Federal District contains nine other federal subjects too. Tuva also shares an international border with Mongolia.

During the Chinese Qing Dynasty, Tuva was part of the province of Mongolia. From 1921 to 1944, Tuva was a separate country called Tannu-Tuva. In 1944, it joined the Soviet Union. In 1991, it continued to be part of Russia after the breakup of the Soviet Union.

Kyzyl is the capital city of Tuva. The name means "red" in Tuvan. Tuvans say that Kyzyl is the exact center of Asia. And there is a monument to the Center of Asia in the capital. But others think that Kyzyl is not the exact center of Asia. Nevertheless, Tuva is in Central Asia. And Tuvan culture is similar to the culture of their neighbors in other Central Asian countries.

Tuva is in a mountain basin between the Sayan Mountains and the Tannu-Ola Mountains. In the east, Tuva has forests. In the west, the land is drier.

The average temperature in January is −32 °C (−25.6 °F). The average temperature in July is +18 °C (64.4 °F).

Tuva's population at the end of the Soviet Union stayed about the same for some time, according to data. It is currently increasing again. A little bit more than half of the population live in cities and towns. Most of the people that live in cities and towns live in Kyzyl. Ethnic Tuvans make up the most of the population. Most ethnic Tuvans practice a religion that is mixed with Tibetan Buddhism and Shamanism, which is a belief that worships spirits and nature.

Tuvans speak their own language, which is called Tuvan. It is a Turkic language. And it is related to Turkish. Before Tuva joined the Soviet Union, the Tuvan language used the Roman alphabet, which is the same alphabet that English uses. Since Tuva joined the Soviet Union, they have used the Cyrillic alphabet, which is the same alphabet that Russian uses. Because Tuva is part of Russia, Tuvans also learn to speak Russian.

Before they joined the Soviet Union, Tuvans were nomadic people. They traveled on horses. Therefore, horses were very important in Tuvan culture. Tuvan art often shows horses. And many Tuvan songs are about horses. Tuvans lived in yurts (round, felt covered houses that are easy to take apart and carry). Even today, a few Tuvans are nomads. Ethnically they are Mongols. 

Tuvans are famous for their throat singing. Throat singing is a very old art. And it is very special because a throat singer can sing two or more notes at the same time. Throat singers imitate the sounds of nature. They can sound like a bird or like the howling wind. One style of throat singing has a rhythm like a horse trotting. For many centuries only men were allowed to be throat singers. But now women are throat singers too. Singing more than one note at the same time is sometimes called overtone singing.

Tannu-Tuva was also famous for its colorful and unusual postage stamps. Some were triangles. Many showed interesting pictures of life in Tuva.



Senkaku Islands

Senkaku Islands, also called , Diaoyu Dao Islands () and Tiaoyutai Islands (), are uninhabited islands in the East China Sea.

The group of islands, islets and rocks is east of mainland China, northeast of Taiwan, west of Okinawa, and north of the southwestern end of the Ryukyu Islands. The islands are about 200km from Taiwan, and about 300 km from Okinawa.

Control over these islands and rocks is disputed. The dispute issues are complex. 
The Japanese government describes the islands as part of Japan. 

The islands are also described as part of China. There are conflicts in the positions of the People's Republic of China (PRC) and the Republic of China (ROC). The PRC and ROC have a shared history. 

The United States occupied the islands from 1945 to 1972 when they reverted to Japan. The official US position is neutral in a dispute among Japan, China and Taiwan.



Sino-Japanese War

There were two wars known as the Sino-Japanese War (between China and Japan):


World Youth Day

World Youth Day (WYD) is a gathering (meeting) of young Catholic people. It was created by Pope John Paul II in 1984 "to consolidate the ordinary youth ministry by offering new encouragement for commitment, objectives which foster ever greater involvement and participation". In other words, the Pope wanted young Catholics to come together, and work together.

The day is celebrated around the world every year, and every two or three years, a gathering is held at a different place. Thousands of people (including young people) from many countries go to this celebration. Because of World Youth Day, many young people are more likely to work together around the world.

The last World Youth Day celebration was held in 2005, in Cologne, Germany, the country in which Pope Benedict XVI was born in. About 1,200,000 attended the event. In 2008 World Youth Day was held in Sydney, Australia and in 2011 in Madrid,Spain and in 2013 in Rio,Brazil

Carl XVI Gustaf

Carl XVI Gustaf (Carl Gustaf Folke Hubertus; born 30 April 1946) is King of Sweden. He became the king when his grandfather, Gustaf VI Adolf died on 15 September 1973.

He is the youngest child and only son of Prince Gustaf Adolf, Duke of Västerbotten, and Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. His father died on 26 January 1947 in an airplane crash in Denmark. Carl Gustaf was nine months old when his father died. The death of his father, made him second in line to the throne after his grandfather. When his great-grandfather, King Gustaf V, died in 1950, his grandfather became king and Carl Gustaf became crown prince and heir apparent to the throne at the age of four.

Shortly after Carl Gustaf became king in September 1973, the new 1974 Instrument of Government took effect. This removed all remaining executive power from Carl XVI Gustaf .After this, he no longer has many of the normal duties of a head of state. These include the appointment of the prime minister, signing legislation and being commander-in-chief of the military of the nation. The new instrument limited the king to ceremonial functions and to be regularly informed of affairs of state. As head of the House of Bernadotte, Carl Gustaf has also been able to make decisions about the titles and positions of the member of the house.

The King's heir apparent is Crown Princess Victoria. She is the oldest child of the King and his wife, Queen Silvia. Carl XVI Gustaf is the longest-reigning monarch in Swedish history. He became the longest serving after passing King Magnus IV's reign of 44 years and 222 days on 26 April 2018.

Internationally, King Carl XVI Gustav is best known for presenting the Nobel Prizes every year.

Carl Gustaf was born at Haga Palace in Solna, Stockholm on 30 April 1946. His father was Prince Gustaf Adolf He is married to Silvia Sommerlath who is half German, half Brazilian. With her he has three children: Crown Princess Victoria, Prince Carl Philip and Princess Madeleine.

Titles and Styles 

30 April 1946-7 June 1946 His Royal Highness Prince Carl Gustaf of Sweden 

7 June 1946-29 October 1950: His Royal Highness Prince Carl Gustaf of Sweden, The Duke of Jämtland 

29 October 1950-15 September 1973: His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Sweden, The Duke of Jamtland 

15 September 1973-present His Majesty The King of Sweden 

Age of Empires III

Age of Empires III is a 2005 computer game made by the company Ensemble Studios. It is published by Microsoft. It is the third game of the Age of Empires games, and has better graphics than the ones before it. The plot is from 1500 to 1860. An expansion pack, "Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs", was released for the game in 2006. The second expansion, "Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties", was released in 2007. The "Definitive Edition" (2020) also came with new content including the Incas civilization.

The game is compatible with Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10. The game is available on Steam.


Bank of China Tower (Hong Kong)

The Bank of China Tower (BOC Tower, 中銀大廈) is one of the most well known skyscrapers in the central parts of Hong Kong. In the tower, the Bank of China has their offices.

The tower was designed by the architect I. M. Pei and is 315 meters high. On the tower there are two masts that are 369 meters (1209 feet) high.



Ulaanbaatar

Ulaanbaatar (/ˌuːlɑːn ˈbɑːtər/; Mongolian: Улаанбаатар, [ʊˌɮaːm‿ˈpaːʰtə̆r] lit. "Red Hero"), or Ulan Bator, is the capital and largest city of Mongolia. The city is an independent municipality not part of any provinces. About half the population of Mongolia, about 1.5 million people, live in the city.

Located in the north central part of the country, the city is at an elevation of about 1310 m in a valley on the Tuul River. The city is the country's center for culture, industry and finance, and since it is more than 13 times bigger than the second largest city in Mongolia, Erdenet, it is the country's primate city. Ulaanbaatar is connected by highway to all the major towns in Mongolia and by rail to the Trans-Siberian Railway and Chinese railroad network. The city was founded in 1639 as a Buddhist monastery center and, in the 20th century, grew into a major manufacturing center.

Ulaanbaatar has had many names in its history. From 1639 to 1706, it was known as Örgöö (Mongolian: Өргөө, "residence"), and from 1706 to 1911 as Ikh Khüree (Mongolian: Их = "great", Хүрээ = "camp"), Da Khüree or simply Khüree. Upon independence in 1911,the city's name changed to Niislel Khüree (Mongolian: Нийслэл = "capital", Хүрээ = "camp"). When the city became the capital of the new Mongolian People's Republic in 1924, its name was changed to Ulaanbaatar, literally "red hero", in honour of Mongolia's national hero Damdin Sükhbaatar, that liberated Mongolia from Ungern von Sternberg's troops and Chinese occupation with the Soviet Red Army. In Europe and North America, Ulaanbaatar was generally known as Urga (from "Örgöö") or sometimes "Kuren" (from "Khüree") or "Kulun" (from 庫倫, the Chinese transcription of "Khüree") before 1924.

Ulaanbaatar is at about 1350 meters (4430 ft) above sea level. For this high elevation, and for the high latitude, and location hundreds of kilometres from any coast, Ulaanbaatar is the coldest national capital in the world, with a subarctic climate.

Most important events:

- 1639: The city was Founded.

- 1778: the city settled for good at its current location, near the confluence of the Selbe and Tuul rivers and beneath Bogd Khan Uul, back then also on the caravan route from Beijing to Kyakhta.

- 1911: Mongolian leaders in Ikh Khüree for Naadam met in secret and resolved upon independence from China for their country. On December 29, 1911, the Bogd Khan was declared ruler of an independent Mongolia.

- 1919: the city was occupied by Chinese troops

- 1921: the city has been controlled first by Baron Ungern's Whites Soldateska, and in July to the Soviet-supported Mongolian troops controlled by Sükhbaatar.

- October 29, 1924: the town was renamed to Ulaanbaatar ("red hero") in honour of Sükhbaatar.

- 1956: The Transmongolian Railway, connecting Ulaanbaatar with Moscow and Beijing, was completed.

- Many of the temples and monasteries of pre-socialist were destroyed following the anti-religious purges of the late 1930s.

- After the growth of 1990 many buildings as, cinemas, shops were built. Now the biggest cinema is Urguu and Tengis cinema. Main shopping district is 3rd and 4th distirict.

- 2008, Ulaanbaatar was the scene of riots after the opposition Mongolian Democratic Party protested its defeat by the MPRP in parliamentary elections.

Ulaanbaatar is divided into nine districts (Düüregs): Baganuur, Bagakhangai, Bayangol, Bayanzürkh, Chingeltei, Khan Uul, Nalaikh, Songino Khairkhan, and Sükhbaatar. Each district is subdivided into Khoroos. The capital is governed by a city council (the Citizen's Representatives Hural) with forty members, elected every four years. The city council appoints the mayor. Ulaanbaatar is governed as an independent first-level subdivision of Mongolia, separate from Töv Aimag, the province that surrounds Ulaanbaatar.

Ulaanbaatar has several major universities:

And a big library, The National Library of Mongolia.

Most important places in Ulaanbaatar:

"Choijin Lama Monastery" and "Gandantegchinlen Khiid Monastery" are two of the very few in Mongolia to escape the destruction of Mongolian monasteries under Khorloogiin Choibalsan.

Ulaanbaatar has several museums dedicated to Mongolian history and culture.

The official symbol of Ulaanbaatar is the , a mythical bird in both Buddhist and Hindu mythology called Khan Garuda or "Khangar'd" by Mongols.

The city’s flag is sky blue with the arms in the center.


Pyongyang

Pyŏngyang (평양 직할시 in hangul, 平壤直轄市 in hanja) is the capital and biggest city in North Korea. The government does not want people from outside the country to know anything about North Korea, so Pyongyang is one of the few places in North Korea that people from other countries can travel to.

Pyongyang is a closed city meaning that North Koreans can't just go there. They must apply for a permit or be high up in the military. It is the most advanced city in the country which allows tourists to go there. Pyongyang does not really show what North Korea is really like, because the government uses it to pretend to tourists that the country is not poor. The city is kept very clean and littering is strictly not allowed. The city is home to the DPRK's only fast food restaurant which only the most privileged North Koreans go to (a meal would be worth around a weeks wages for the average person there). Many shops there have plastic food on display in the windows to make tourists think that there is lots of food in the country when in fact, food is scarce. 

The city has lots of nice attractions like the statues of Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-Il at Mansudae hill. The Juche tower is one of the most recognisable landmarks in the country, towering over the Taedong River across from Kim Il-Sung square. It also has the world's deepest subway system, the Pyongyang Metro. Pyongyang has many large parks and wide avenues as well as the largest sports stadium in the world, the Rungrado May Day Stadium. The city is also the location of the embalmed bodies of the two leaders, Il-Sung and Jong-Il in the Kumsusan Palace of the sun.

Pyongyang is home to the 105-story hotel, Ryugyong Hotel. The construction started in 1987 and the exterior was completed twenty-four years later in 2011. It was originally intended as a propaganda device to make North Korea look wealthy when a South Korean recently built the world's then-tallest building. The hotel to this day remains empty and unopened.

The population of Pyongyang is 3,255,388.

IBM

International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is a multinational technology company from the United States that makes and sells software, computer hardware, infrastructure services, and consulting services. IBM is one of the biggest Information Technology companies in the world. IBM has had the most patents of any technology company for many years, and has made many important inventions and discoveries that have improved computers.

IBM began in 1911, it was called the "Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company". It was set up by a man named Charles Flint. There were no computers at that time, so IBM made other machines, such as typewriters. In 1924, the company changed its name to International Business Machines (IBM). In 1937, the company's Tabulating Machines were used by the United States government to record information about Americans, so they could make a new law called the Social Security Act.

During World War II, IBM made guns for the American army. During the 1960s and 1970s IBM dominated the mainframe computer market. IBM computers were used for American space exploration. From the 1980s starting in 1981 until 2005, IBM made personal computers. In 2005, IBM sold their personal computer manufacturing to a Chinese company called Lenovo. Today, IBM mostly makes software, and some powerful supercomputers.


Mary, mother of Jesus

In Abrahamic religions, Mary (Judeo-Aramaic מרים Maryām; (Maryam); Septuagint Greek Μαριαμ, Mariam, Μαρια, Maria; ) was the mother of Jesus. Her story is told in the New Testament of the Bible.

Christian beliefs about Mary are based on the Bible. The Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke say that Mary was a young woman who was engaged to be married to a man called Joseph. The Gospel of Luke says that the angel Gabriel came to Mary to tell her that she would give birth to a son. The angel told Mary that she should call her son Jesus. The angel also said that Jesus would save people from their sins.

Mary asked the angel how she could be pregnant, since she was a virgin. The angel told her that God had made her pregnant through a miracle.

In the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God to a town of Galilee called Nazareth, to a virgin betrothed to a man named Joseph, of the house of David, and the virgin’s name was Mary. And coming to her, he said, “Hail, favored one! The Lord is with you.” But she was greatly troubled at what was said and pondered what sort of greeting this might be. Then the angel said to her, “Do not be afraid, Mary, for you have found favor with God. Behold, you will conceive in your womb and bear a son, and you shall name him Jesus. He will be great and will be called Son of the Most High, and the Lord God will give him the throne of David his father, and he will rule over the house of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there will be no end.” But Mary said to the angel, “How can this be, since I have no relations with a man?” And the angel said to her in reply, “The holy Spirit will come upon you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you. Therefore the child to be born will be called holy, the Son of God. And behold, Elizabeth, your relative, has also conceived a son in her old age, and this is the sixth month for her who was called barren; for nothing will be impossible for God.” Mary said, “Behold, I am the handmaid of the Lord. May it be done to me according to your word.” Then the angel departed from her.According to the law that Israelites follow, Joseph had the right to divorce Mary publicly, but he did not. In a dream Joseph was told that Mary was conceived by the Holy Spirit. 

At this time, the Roman Emperor, Caesar Augustus, made a law that everyone in the Roman Empire had to pay a tax. Everyone had to go back to the town that their family came from, to have their name put on the tax lists. Joseph came from Bethlehem, which was called The City of David. So Joseph took Mary to Bethlehem. There, she gave birth to the baby, Jesus. She gave birth in an animal shed, because Mary and Joseph could not find a room to stay in.

Thirty-three years later, Jesus was killed by crucifixion. Many of Jesus' apostles were scared of the Roman soldiers and ran away. However, Mary stood by the cross and was with Jesus when he died. As he was dying, he told the young disciple John to care for Mary as if she was his own mother, and the words were "Woman, this is your son. This is your mother". On the third day after Jesus' death, Mary went to Jesus' tomb with other women. They saw that the stone was rolled away from the tomb, and his body was gone. An angel told the women that Jesus had risen and was alive.

Mary continued to meet with the early church after the Ascension of Jesus. (Acts 1:14)

The Qur'an says that she was a virgin when she gave birth to Jesus and so Muslims honor Jesus as a great prophet.

Mary is given honor in the Christian faith. She is especially honored as "the Mother of God" in the Roman Catholic Church. She is also honored as "Theotokos" (roughly translated as "the one who gave birth to God") in the Eastern Orthodox Church. In Christianity, Jesus is thought to be both fully God and fully man. 

Christians do not worship Mary, because they believe that only God should be worshipped. However, some Christians, mainly Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians, venerate her. That means that they pray to her and respect her acceptance of God's will by willingly giving birth to Jesus.

Mary is often called "the Blessed Virgin Mary" by Roman Catholics. There are many feast days that honor the Virgin Mary. For example, the "Nativity of the Blessed Virgin", on 8 September, honors her birth. Catholics also celebrate the Immaculate Conception, and Mary as Queen of Heaven on August 22. There is some confusion about the Immaculate Conception. Many think this is the same as the virgin birth of Jesus, but the Catholic teaching of Immaculate Conception is that Mary herself was born without sin. 

Christian art often shows the Virgin Mary. Many paintings show Mary with the baby Jesus. These paintings are known as Madonna and Child pictures. 

Many people who pray through Mary use a prayer called the Hail Mary. The first part of the prayer honors Mary: "Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus." The second part of the prayer asks for Mary's help: "Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and in the hour of our deaths. Amen." 

The Hail Mary is repeated many times in the Rosary, a special devotion recommended by the Catholic Church including the most important prayers while thinking about the main events in the lives of Jesus and Mary. 

Protestants believe that Roman Catholics and Orthodox give Mary too much honor. Since the title "Mother of God", the Immaculate Conception and the Assumption of Mary are all teachings that are not found in the Bible, Protestants don't accept them. The Assumption of Mary is the teaching that Mary was taken up to heaven without dying. Protestants believe that we can pray directly to God through Jesus, and do not need Mary or other saints to intercede for us.

Quake (video game)

Quake is a first-person shooter video game that was released by id Software on July 22, 1996. It is the first game in the popular "Quake" series of video games. In the game, the player must fight demons and zombies in lots of different places.

"Quake" was the first game that id Software released after they made "Doom" and "Doom 2." It is a very similar game to "Doom", but "Quake" is on a new game engine and has much more advanced technology. For example, "Quake" lets the player look up and down, lets the player jump, it has fully 3D graphics, and has many more options for multiplayer than "Doom" had. "Quake" is famous for its multiplayer, and it was one of the first games where lots of people played multiplayer through the internet. "Doom" also had online multiplayer through a service called DWANGO, but "Quake" made playing online more popular than ever before. Tools like QuakeWorld and QuakeSpy made it very easy for players to find other people to play against over the internet.

The game's music and sound effects were done by Trent Reznor and Nine Inch Nails.

In the single-player mode of "Quake," the player has to get to the end of each level. The player will usually have to find keys or switches to open all the locked doors before they can get to the exit of a level. They will also have to fight lots of monsters that try to kill the player. There are also secret areas and secret levels that the player can find. Secret areas will usually have something that helps the player win the level, like extra health or ammo. The player always has two weapons: the axe and the shotgun. More weapons can be found in the levels, including the nailgun, super nailgun, super shotgun, grenade launcher, rocket launcher, and the thunderbolt.

The levels are grouped together into different episodes, and each episode has a different setting. Most levels look very Gothic or medieval, but others look more futuristic, like science fiction. There are 6 or 7 levels in each episode, but every episode also has one secret level. There is also one level that is not inside of an episode, which is the final boss level. There are four episodes in the game, and they can be finished in any order the player wants. The player can't get to the final boss without beating all four episodes, though.

The game has four difficulty settings: easy, medium, hard, and nightmare. Nightmare difficulty can only be found in a secret area which is on the episode selection level. This secret area can be found in the episode 4 selection room.


Kunya

A kunya (Arabic:كنية) is a name which is honorably given to an Arab mother or father. Kunya is pronounced koon-ya. Parents are called by their kunyas, which consists of "abu" (father) or "umm" (mother) followed by the name of their first son or daughter. Their whole name is their name plus their kunya. For example, "Umm Ja'far Aminah" means "the mother of Ja'far, Aminah." The kunya precedes the personal name.

Wake

Wake could mean several things:


Zen

Zen is a Chinese school of Mahayana Buddhism. Buddhism was first brought to China from India, by Bodhidharma. It developed in China, into Zen, in the 6th century. From China it spread to Vietnam, Korea and Japan.

Zen is a Japanese word translated from the Chinese word Chán, which means "meditation".

Zen uses meditation to help practitioners go beyond simply thinking about Zen. The goal in Zen is to attain "satori". This Japanese word translates as "enlightenment". The practice also includes using riddles, called Koans. Koans are also designed to help the practitioner not just engage in rational thought. The traditional Japanese place to learn Zen is a Zen monastery. 
Japanese Zen scholars such as D.T. Suzuki became well known in the West. Suzuki spent over fifty years teaching Zen to the world with a series of books in English. In the 1960s in California, Aldous Huxley, Alan Watts, and others promoted the philosophy. From there it spread to many parts of the western world. Zen is now well established outside of Japan and China. Many Zen centers exist in the US and Europe.

Zen is now associated with some design styles, like Minimalism. The Japanese gardens found at Zen monasteries in Japan are an example of this style. They are called Zen rock gardens. They are not directly part of the teachings of Zen.


Scots

Scots is a West Germanic language. It is sometimes called Lowland Scots or Lallans. It is not "Scottish English" but the two are similar. Scottish English is a dialect of English and Scots is a separate language. Ulster Scots is a form of Scots found in the north of Ireland. Scots is very different from the Scottish Gaelic language, which is a Celtic language.

There have been disagreements about the linguistic, historical and social status of Scots. Focused broad Scots is at one end of a scale, with Scottish Standard English at the other. Scots is generally regarded as one of the ancient varieties of English, and has its own distinct variants such as Doric.

Northumbrian Old English was established in what is now southeastern Scotland as far as the River Forth by the seventh century. The region was part of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Northumbria. Early Scots began to diverge from Northumbrian English in the twelfth and thirteenth century. There was immigration of Scandinavian-influenced Middle English-speakers from the North and Midlands of England.

Later influences on the development of Scots were from Romance languages via ecclesiastical and legal Latin, Norman and later Parisian French from the Auld Alliance and Dutch and Middle Low German influences by trade and immigration from the Low Countries. Scots also includes loanwords from contact with Gaelic.
From the 13th century, Early Scots spread further into Scotland through the burghs established by King David I. The growth in prestige of Early Scots in the 14th century and the decline of French in Scotland made Scots the prestige dialect in most of eastern Scotland.
From 1610 to the 1690s, during the Plantation of Ulster, many Scots-speaking Lowlanders, about 200,000, settled there. In the core areas of Scots settlement, there were five or six times as many Scots as English settlers. Southern Modern English was adopted as the literary language after 1700, and "Modern Scots" is sometimes used to describe the spoken language after 1700.


Mathematical analysis

Mathematical analysis is a part of mathematics. It is often shortened to analysis. It looks at functions, sequences and series. These have useful properties and characteristics that can be used in engineering. Mathematical analysis provides a rigorous logical foundation to calculus, which studies continuous functions, differentiation and integration. Mathematical analysis is a short version of its old name "infinitesimal analysis", with some of its key subfields including real analysis, complex analysis, differentiation equation and functional analysis.

Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Isaac Newton developed most of the basis of mathematical analysis.

A foundational concept in mathematical analysis is the concept of limit. Limits are used to see what happens very close to things. Limits can also be used to see what happens when things get very big. For example, formula_1 is never zero, but as formula_2 gets bigger, formula_1 gets closer and closer to zero. The limit of formula_1 as formula_2 gets bigger is "exactly" zero. This is described by "The limit of formula_1 as formula_2 goes to infinity is zero", and written as formula_8.

The counterpart would be formula_9. When the formula_2 gets bigger, the limit goes to infinity. It is written as formula_11.

The fundamental theorem of algebra can be proven from some basic results in complex analysis. It says that every polynomial formula_12 with real or complex coefficients has a complex root (where a root is a number formula_13 satisfying the equation formula_14, and some of these roots may be the same).

The function formula_15 is a line. The formula_16 shows the slope of the function and the formula_17 shows the position of the function on the ordinate. With two points on the line, it is possible to calculate the slope formula_16 with:

formula_19.

A function of the form formula_20, which is not linear, cannot be calculated like above. It is only possible to calculate the slope by using tangents and secants. The secant passes through two points and when the two points get closer, it turns into a tangent.

The new formula is formula_21.

This is called difference quotient. The formula_22 now gets closer to formula_23. This can be expressed with the following formula:

formula_24.

The result is called derivative or slope of f at the point formula_13.

The integration is about the calculation of areas.

The symbol formula_26

is read as "the integral of formula_27 with respect to formula_13 from formula_29 to formula_30", and refers to the area between the x-axis, the graph of function formula_27, and the lines formula_32 and formula_33. The formula_29 is the point where the area should start, and the formula_30 where the area should end.



Locust

Locust are the swarming phase of certain species of short-horned grasshoppers in the family Acrididae. Such swarms are usually made of a great number of locusts. They do a lot of damage to the places where they pass, by eating the crops.

These are species which breed rapidly under suitable conditions. The migratory locust is the best-known example. They become gregarious and migratory when their populations become dense enough. They form bands as nymphs and swarms as adults. Both the bands and the swarms are nomadic and rapidly strip fields and greatly damage crops. The adults are powerful fliers; they can travel great distances, consuming practically all green material wherever the swarm settles.

The origin and apparent extinction of certain species of locust—some of which grew to in length—are unclear.

Locusts are edible insects, and are considered a delicacy in some countries. There have been references to their consumption as food throughout history.

In the Book of Joel in the Old Testament locust swarms are described as a plague.


More detailed information on locusts can be found at the pages of the Australian Plague Locust Commission .

Grasshopper

Grasshoppers are insects with long, powerful back legs which they use for jumping. They generally live in dry habitats, such as fields, gardens and meadows, with lots of grass. They are in the suborder Caelifera, which includes locusts. There are 11,000 species, of which 10,000 are in the family Acrididae.

To distinguish grasshoppers from bush-crickets or katydids, they are sometimes referred to as the "short-horned grasshopper". Species which change colour and behaviour at high population densities are called locusts.

Grasshoppers prefer to eat grasses, leaves and cereal crops, but many grasshoppers are omnivorous. Many grasshoppers eat from several host plants in one day, while others stay on one host plant. One of the 8000 species of grasshopper eats only a single species of plant.

Grasshoppers make good food for some. As an example, in southern Mexico, "chapulines" (grasshoppers of the genus "Sphenarium") are often eaten. They are high in protein, minerals and vitamins. 

They are usually collected at dusk, using lamps or electric lighting, in sweep nets. Sometimes they are placed in water for 24 hours, after which they can be boiled or eaten raw, sun-dried, fried, flavoured with spices, such as garlic, onions, chilli, drenched in lime, and used in soup or as a filling for various dishes. They are abundant in Central and Southern Mexican food and street markets.


Olive oil

Olive oil is a vegetable oil. It is made by getting the juice of the fruits of the olive tree. These are called olives. The oil is used in cooking, as well as cosmetics, traditional medicine, and as a fuel for oil lamps. Refined olive oil uses heat and chemicals to get the fat out of the olives.

Olive oil quality is defined by some parameters that are measured by chemical analysis. One of the most important is acidity. The highest quality olive oil (Extra-Virgin) must feature an acidity lower than 0.8%.

People see it as a healthy addition to their diet because of the high level of monounsaturated fats (mainly oleic acid) and polyphenols. Olive oil is popular in Mediterranean countries. It is a big part of the Mediterranean diet as a main fat source.

Greece has more than a third of the world's olive trees, and is the top producer of olive oil in the world.

Oil lamp

An oil lamp is a lamp used for lighting by burning oil. Usually, it produces a flame by burning olive oil, or another vegetable oil, or whale oil during the 1700s and 1800s. They burned cleaner, with less smoke, than candles and other sources of light before electricity.

The lamps were usually made of pottery or metal or glass. An old story in the 1001 Nights has Aladdin cleaning (rubbing the lamp) and making a Genie appear.

Late in the 19th century, those lamps were mostly replaced by kerosene lamps.


Conjugation

Conjugations are forms of verbs that are changed to agree with the subject that is doing the action described by the verb. Usually most of the word stays the same, but the endings change. Most conjugation systems follow some sort of pattern within the language.

Example: French verb for 'to eat'- "manger" (stem: mang)
("manger" is the infinitive of the verb. The infinitive is the un-conjugated form of the verb, literally the "to do" something form such as "to" walk, "to" play, "to" eat. In English one does not say "I like eat" one must say "I like "to" eat". In both English and French ("J'aime "manger"") the infinitive form of the verb would be used in this case.
The pattern here is that the "er" is removed from the verb and replaced with a different ending depending on the subject(who's doing the eating). This pattern is good for many French conjugations, but not all, and in other languages, conjugation patterns are going to be very different.


Tomáš Masaryk

Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk (7 March 1850 - 14 September 1937) was the first President of Czechoslovakia. He led the country between years 1918 and 1935.
He was a scientist, philosopher, pedagog, politician, and journalist.
He studied in Brno, Vienna, and Leipzig, and he spoke many languages (Latin, French, Polish, German and English).
He worked as a teacher at a university in Prague and Vienna.

Some looked at him as having charisma.

Edvard Beneš was the next president after him.


Arachne

Arachne is a character from Greek mythology. 

She was the daughter of Idmon of Colophon, in Lydia (Greece). Her father earned his living with dyeing (coloring) cloth. She learned to be a weaver. A weaver makes cloth, or textiles, from single strands. She was good at what she did, and she claimed that her skill was greater than that of Athena. Athena was the young Greek goddess of weaving (amongst other things). 

Athena appeared to the girl as an old woman, and warned her not to offend the gods. Arachne did not take the advice, she wanted a weaving contest to prove her skill. 

Athena revealed herself, and let the contest begin. Athena wove her scene where she won over Poseidon, the god of the sea. Arachne wove scenes about Zeus being unfaithful, with different women: Leda, Europa, and Danae.

Athena saw Arachne's work was without error, but she did not like the subject of Arachne's weaving. Athena lost her temper, and destroyed what Arachne had created. She also hit Arachne on the head. Arachne then realized what she had done. She ran away and hanged herself. Athena however had pity with Arachne, so before Arachne was dead, she changed the rope into a cobweb, and Arachne into a spider. 

Ovid tells the story in "Metamorphoses". Book 6, 5-54, 129-145. The story is typical of tragedy in Ancient Greek theatre, where pride in thinking oneself better than the gods – "ὕβρις" (hubris) – brings punishment from the gods.

The Greek word for spider is "arachne" (αραχνη), from which derive the mythological woman's name, the class name Arachnida in biology, and the name for fear of spiders, arachnophobia.

Arachne has made appearances in recent years in books such as The Heroes of Olympus series by Rick Riordan.


Arachnophobia

Arachnophobia is a fear of spiders. It is a very common phobia - many people suffer from it. People who have it often feel uncomfortable in areas where there may be spiders. The usual way of treating this is using behaviour therapy. People will be confronted with spiders; they may be required to touch spiders as big as a tarantula.

Phobia

A phobia (from the ) is a strong fear about a specific thing or situation. In psychology, phobia is considered an anxiety disorder. Phobia is different than just being scared of something. The fear is so strong that it affects, and often damages, the sufferer's life. For example, the person will usually do everything they can to avoid the thing they fear. If they cannot avoid that thing, they will suffer from very strong anxiety which can damage their social relationships, their ability to work, and other areas of their everyday life.

There are two basic types of phobias: specific phobias and social phobias. People with specific phobias fear a certain thing, for example spiders (this is called arachnophobia) or high places (acrophobia). People with social phobias fear social situations (for example speaking in public, being in crowded areas, or being around other people).

Fear is a normal human emotion. A phobia is different from normal fear in many ways:

It is hard to tell how many people suffer from phobias. Researchers think that between 5 and 13 percent of people seem to have a phobia. Women suffer from phobias about twice as often as men.

Every child is afraid of something. For most children, these fears eventually disappear.

Normal fears in children include:

These fears would only be called phobias if they caused problems in the child's daily life, or if they caused the child to suffer from severe anxiety or emotional distress.

Causes and risk factors phobias can be very bad.

They can be caused by:


also psychological phobias. These include hundreds of types of phobias. Some:


When a person with a phobia is exposed to their fear (encounters with the stimulus, thinks of it, sees the object of fear in the picture...) occur at these physical and psychological symptoms. Intensity depends on the degree of fear.

Psychological symptoms are symptoms that take place within a human. These include:


There are different ways to help people with phobias. There is treatment available; it focuses on making the patient less sensitive to the fear they suffer from, or showing him or her how the cycle of fear works. There is also medication available (mostly sedatives) that help people cope. Finally there are self-help groups.

List of phobias


John le Carré

John le Carré (19 October 1931 – 12 December 2020) was an English novelist. He was born in Poole, Dorset. He wrote many spy novels. The name is a pseudonym. His real name was David John Moore Cornwell.

Le Carré graduated from Lincoln College, Oxford with a Bachelor of Arts degree.

Le Carré died from pneumonia at Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro, England on 12 December 2020, at age 89.









Sexually transmitted disease

A sexually transmitted disease (STD) is a disease which spreads by having sex. STDs can spread through oral sex or anal sex, or when two people's genitals touch. Today, STDs are usually called sexually transmitted infections (STIs). In the past, they were called venereal diseases (VD).

STDs can be caused by viruses, bacteria, or parasites. Examples of the most common STDs are listed on this page.

HIV causes the immune system - the system in the body that is supposed to fight off infection - to not work as well as it should. This makes people with HIV more likely to get infections and some other diseases, like some cancers. HIV is the virus that causes AIDS.

There are about 40 different kinds of HPV that can be spread through sex and affect the anus and genitals. Examples of diseases that HPV can cause include:

Hepatitis is an infection of the liver. There are three common types of hepatitis: hepatitis A, hepatitis B, and hepatitis C.

Hepatitis A causes a short-term liver infection. It can be spread by having sex, though this is not the most common way to get hepatitis A.

Hepatitis B and hepatitis C cause much more serious, long-lasting liver problems. Both can cause very bad liver disease, like cirrhosis, and death. They are more likely than hepatitis A to be spread by having sex.

The herpes simplex virus (HSV) causes genital herpes. Genital herpes can cause painful blisters on the genitals and anus. Herpes can also cause sores on the mouth.

There is no cure for herpes.

Chlamydia is one of the common STDs in the world. In humans, it is the most common STD caused by bacteria. In the United States alone, about 2.8 million more people get chlamydia infection every year.

If chlamydia is not treated, it can cause serious problems, like diseases of the genitals and eyes. It can even cause blindness. Chlamydia can also cause permanent damage to a woman's reproductive system if it is not treated.

Gonorrhea can infect the genitals, rectum, mouth, throat, and eyes. In bad cases, it can spread through the blood to infect the body's joints. In the worst cases, it can spread through the blood and infect the heart (causing endocarditis, an infection of the heart's valves) or the spinal cord (causing meningitis).

Syphilis can cause many serious problems if it is not treated. It makes a person much more likely to get HIV, because it causes sores on the genitals that make it easier for HIV (and other STDs) to get spread. After a few years, if people with syphilis do not get treated, they can have serious problems with the organs in their body. Eventually - without treatment - syphilis infects the brain and causes death.

Trichomoniasis is the most common STD in the world that is not caused by a virus. It can cause inflammation swelling of the vagina (vaginitis, urethra (urethritis), or penis. It can also cause more serious problems. If it is not treated, it can cause permanent damage to a woman's reproductive system. It can also cause prostate cancer, and makes a woman more likely to give birth to a premature baby.

The only way for a person to be sure they will not get an STI is for that person not to have sex. This includes sex of any kind.

There are some things that a person can do to make it less likely to get an STI:


Atacama Desert

The Atacama Desert is a desert. It is on the Tropic of Capricorn in northern Chile, and is one of the driest places on earth. In some places, less than an inch (25mm) of rain falls every ten years. Only one of the rivers from the Andes mountains reaches the ocean through the desert. The rest disappear into the dry soil. 

The Atacama is a desert not because mountains make a rain shadow, but because the ocean does. The water on the coast of Chile is cold, because the Humboldt Current brings cold water from Antarctica. Moisture cannot stay in the cold air above the cold water, so mainly fog reaches the land, but very little rain. The people of Chile have learned how to get water from the fog to help them live. They "harvest" the clouds by putting up plastic sheets with pans underneath. The fog collects on the plastic and drips into the pans, giving the people water for crops and drinking. In parts of this desert it has not rained for over 400 years. Even though the Atacama is the driest place in the world that does not mean it is the hottest. The Atacama Desert is actually a mild place with temperatures ranging from 0 to 30 degrees Celsius.

Three countries fought the War of the Pacific in the 1880s for control of the desert. They both wanted its Sodium nitrate mines. Chile won.

The oldest known artificially prepared mummies come from this desert. They are called the Chinchorro mummies.

International Atomic Energy Agency

International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is a spin-off organisation from the United Nations. It was created as an autonomous (self-governing) organization on July 29, 1957. The organization is intended to monitor and promote the peaceful and safe use of nuclear energy with protection from harmful radiation and, also, to prevent the use of this energy to build nuclear weapons.

International Atomic Energy Agency and its former Director General, Mohamed ElBaradei, were both awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on 7 October 2005 for their role in trying to prevent the invasion of Iraq by a US-led coalition of troops.

The IAEA has its headquarters in Vienna, Austria. Additional facilities are in Seibersdorf (near Vienna), Monaco, Toronto, and Tokyo.

Roger Ebert

Roger Joseph Ebert (June 18, 1942 – April 4, 2013) was an American movie critic. Ebert's reviews appear in newspapers such as the "Chicago Sun-Times" from April 3, 1967 until his death.

Ebert was born on June 18, 1942 in Urbana, Illinois to a Catholic family.

Ebert and Chicago Tribune critic Gene Siskel helped make nationally televised movie reviewing popular. They co-hosted the PBS show "Sneak Previews". It was followed by "At the Movies" which made both of them popular across the country. The two fought and made jokes while talking about movies. They created and trademarked the phrase "Two Thumbs Up," used when both hosts thought the same movie was very good. After Siskel died in 1999, Ebert continued hosting the show with various co-hosts and then, starting in 2000, with Richard Roeper.

Ebert lived with thyroid cancer since its diagnosis in 2002. He continued to publish his reviews both online and in print until April 2, 2013. Just two days later, on April 4, 2013, Ebert died from the disease in Chicago, Illinois. He was 70 years old.

Ebert was born Roger Joseph Ebert on June 18, 1942 in Urbana, Illinois. His parents were Annabel (née Stumm) and Walter H. Ebert. His ancestry was German, Dutch, and Irish. He was raised Roman Catholic, attending St. Mary's elementary school and serving as an altarboy in Urbana. Ebert studied at Urbana High School, at the University of Chicago, and at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Ebert was raised in Chicago, Illinois.

Ebert began his professional critic career in 1967, writing for the "Chicago Sun-Times". That same year, Ebert's first book, a history of the University of Illinois titled "Illini Century: One Hundred Years of Campus Life", was published by the university's press.

In 1969, his review of "Night of the Living Dead" was published in "Reader's Digest".

Ebert co-wrote the screenplay for the 1970 Russ Meyer movie "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" and likes to joke about being responsible for the movie, which was poorly received on its release but is now regarded as a cult classic. Ebert and Meyer also made "Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens", "Up!", and others, and were involved in the ill-fated Sex Pistols movie "Who Killed Bambi?" In April 2010, Ebert posted his screenplay of "Who Killed Bambi?" aka "Anarchy in the UK" on his blog.
From the 1970s, Ebert worked for the University of Chicago as a guest lecturer, teaching a night class on movies. His fall 2005 class was on the works of the German director Rainer Werner Fassbinder.

In 1975, Ebert and Gene Siskel of the "Chicago Tribune" began co-hosting a weekly movie review television show, "Sneak Previews", which was locally produced by the Chicago public broadcasting station WTTW. The show was picked up by PBS in 1978 for national distribution. In 1982, the critics moved to a television program named "At the Movies with Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert", and in 1986 they left to create "Siskel & Ebert & The Movies" with Buena Vista Television (part of the Walt Disney Company).

The duo was known for their "thumbs up/thumbs down" review summaries. When Siskel died in 1999, the producers retitled the show "Roger Ebert & the Movies" with rotating co-hosts. In September 2000, fellow "Chicago Sun-Times" columnist Richard Roeper became the permanent co-host and the show was renamed "At the Movies with Ebert & Roeper".

Ebert was the co-host of the television show "Ebert and Roeper" (originally "Siskel and Ebert"), where he and another critic, originally Gene Siskel (1946-1999) and after Siskel's death, Richard Roeper, appear in and talk about new movies.

His name stayed in the title, but Ebert did not appear on the show after mid-2006, because of problems after surgery for thyroid cancer which left him unable to speak.

Ebert ended his association with the show in July 2008, but in February 2009 he said that he and Roeper would continue their work on a new show. Ebert was on a show called, "Ebert Presents at the Movies", premiered on January 21, 2011, with Ebert appearing in a brief segment called "Roger's Office".

On September 13, 2013, it was announced that fellow co-star critic Richard Roeper was to replace Ebert as the main movie critic for the Chicago Sun-Times.

Ebert said that his favorite movie was "Citizen Kane", joking, "That's the official answer", although he liked to keep saying it as "the most important" movie. He kept saying that his real favorite movie was "La Dolce Vita". His favorite actor was Robert Mitchum, and his favorite actress was Ingrid Bergman. He expressed his general dislikes for "top ten" lists, and all movie lists in general, but contributed a top ten list to the 2012 Sight and Sound Critics' poll. Listed alphabetically, those movies were ""; "Aguirre, the Wrath of God"; "Apocalypse Now"; "Citizen Kane"; "La Dolce Vita"; "The General"; "Raging Bull"; "Tokyo Story"; "The Tree of Life"; and "Vertigo".

Ebert compiled "best of the year" movie lists beginning in the 1960s, thereby helping provide an overview of his critical preferences. His top choices were:


Ebert revisited and sometimes revised his opinions. After ranking "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" third on his 1982 list, it was the only movie from that year to appear on his later "Best Films of the 1980s" list (where it also ranked third). He made similar revaluations of 1981's "Raiders of the Lost Ark", and 1985's "Ran". "The Three Colors trilogy" ("", "", and ""), and "Pulp Fiction" originally ranked second and third on Ebert's 1994 list; both were included on his "Best Films of the 1990s" list, but their order had reversed.

In 1975 Ebert became the first movie critic to win a Pulitzer Prize for Criticism. In 2005, Ebert became the first movie critic to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Ebert's home town of Champaign, Illinois are trying to raise money for a statue in Ebert's honor.

In July 2014, a documentary about Ebert's life, "Life Itself", was released to very positive reviews.

Ebert was married to Chaz Hammelsmith from July 18, 1992 until his death in 2013. They had no children. Ebert lived with Chaz in his hometown of Chicago, Illinois. He was a supporter for the Democratic Party. Ebert was an agnostic. On April 25, 2011, he accomplished one of his long-time goals: winning one of the weekly caption contests in "The New Yorker" after more than 100 tries. Ebert's personal net worth was U.S. $9 million.

In early 2002, Ebert was diagnosed with papillary thyroid cancer. In February, surgeons at Northwestern Memorial Hospital successfully removed the cancer with clean margins. He later underwent surgery in 2003 for cancer in his salivary gland, and in December of that year, underwent a four-week follow-up course of radiation to his salivary glands, which altered his voice slightly. Ebert continued to be a dedicated critic of film, not missing a single opening while undergoing treatment. The cancer would eventually lead Ebert to be left in a wheelchair and unable to speak after having the total of three surgeries. Later on, experts created a translator that allowed Ebert to speak whatever he typed. He called his machine "Sir Olivier," because he thought its voice sounded like actor Laurence Olivier.

On April 18, 2008, it was announced that Ebert had fractured his hip in a fall, a result of the weakening of his body following the unsuccessful tissue transplants, and had undergone surgery to repair it. In December 2012, Ebert was hospitalized with a fractured hip, which his wife Chaz jokingly blamed on "tricky disco dance moves".

On April 4, 2013, Ebert died of cancer at age 70 at the Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago according to the Chicago Sun-Times. His wife Chaz said that "We were getting ready to go home today for hospice care, when he [Ebert] looked at us, smiled, and passed away." He battled cancer for 11 years. The closing sentence on his final blog post, two days before his death, said, "So on this day of reflection I say again, thank you for going on this journey with me. I'll see you at the movies."

Hundreds attended including Pat Quinn, Rahm Emanuel, and Richard Roeper in the April 8, 2013 funeral Mass held at Chicago's Holy Name Cathedral, where Ebert was celebrated as a film critic, newspaperman, advocate for social justice, husband and father. In his eulogy, the Rev. John F. Costello sought to dispel the notion that Ebert was an either non-believer, or agnostic, by invoking the movie "The Hours" and its observations on lives cut short; and saying that Ebert, raised Catholic, wrestled with "the mystery of faith" not as someone who rejected God but, rather, as someone forever seeking further understanding. Father Michael Pfleger concluded the service with: "the balconies of heaven are filled with angels singing `thumbs up.'" Ebert was later buried at the Graceland Cemetery in Chicago's north side.

A 2-hour-and-45-minute public tribute, entitled "Roger Ebert: A Celebration of Life", was held at 7 p.m. on Thursday, April 11, 2013 at the Chicago Theatre. It featured in-person remembrances, video testimonials, video and film clips, gospel choirs, and was, according to the "Chicago Tribune"'s Mark Caro, "a laughter- and sorrow-filled send-off from the entertainment and media worlds."

Ebert's death prompted wide reaction from celebrities both in and out of the entertainment industry. President Barack Obama wrote, "Roger was the movies ... [he could capture] the unique power of the movies to take us somewhere magical ... The movies won't be the same without Roger". Robert Redford called Ebert "one of the great champions of freedom of artistic expression" and said "His personal passion for cinema was boundless, and that is sure to be his legacy for generations to come." Oprah Winfrey called Ebert's death the "end of an era", as did Steven Spielberg, who also said that Ebert's "reviews went far deeper than simply thumbs up or thumbs down. He wrote with passion through a real knowledge of film and film history, and in doing so, helped many movies find their audiences... [he] put television criticism on the map".


Seibersdorf

Seibersdorf is a village in Lower Austria, Austria. As of 2001, about 1200 people lived there. It is close to Vienna, and mostly known for the research centre of the International Atomic Energy Agency. 


Russian Revolution

The Russian Revolution was a series of revolutions in the Russian Empire from 1905 to 1917. The events destroyed the Tsarist autocracy and helped to create the Soviet Union, which lasted from 1922 to 1991.

The first revolution was on 8 March 1917, but in Russia, it was recorded as 28 February 1917 because Russia still used the Julian calendar until 1918, instead of the Gregorian calendar, which is used today. Tsar Nicholas II was forced to step down and was replaced with the socialist Provisional Government, which was meant to rule for a short time until the country became stable again.

The second revolution, the October Revolution, was in October of the Julian calendar and so the term "Red October" is used to describe the events although they happened in November of the Gregorian calendar.

Communist Bolsheviks replaced the Provisional Government and later created the Soviet Union. The royal family was put under house arrest, and it was shot and killed in July 1918.

During the 1890s, improvements in Russian industry put more jobs in cities. This made the cities larger as people moved there. The workers in the cities, with increasing levels of education, began to develop an interest in politics and the creation of political parties to try to change their lives for the better. The conditions in which they lived and worked in were horrible. Poor people from other parts of the Russian Empire like Poland and Ukraine also created their own parties to try stop the Russians oppressing them.

This added to the people's anger, and after the Tsar's guards fired at a peaceful protest of workers, a rebellion began. That did not really change anything, but Nicholas promised to create an elected Parliament, or Duma.

The Duma was elected for the first time in March 1906. There were both left-wing and right-wing opponents to it, including socialists and people who were very loyal to the Tsar. There were also arguments over whether or not to take power from the Tsar and give it to more ordinary people. Nicholas eventually dissolved the Duma three times, and because that stopped them from being able to say anything against him, people became angry.

In 1914, Russia joined World War I against Germany. At first, people thought that was a good decision, and the country was united by patriotism. However, there were huge problems with supplies, and by 1915, many soldiers were being sent to fight without guns. Communications were bad, and army officers argued so much that they did not make plans well. The soldiers became unhappy, and over 3,000,000 Russians died.

St. Petersburg was also renamed to Petrograd by the Tsar in 1914 because he thought that the name sounded too German, especially for a capital.

In 1915, the Tsar took personal control of the Russian Army, and moved to the army headquarters. That was a mistake. He did not improve the situation, but he now began to be blamed for it. The fact that he was not near the government also meant that his wife, Queen Alexandra, was left in charge. Whenever the Duma tried to warn her that the people were angry, she would say that they were lying and so she would ignore them. She even ignored a report by the secret police, the Okhrana, which said that a revolution might happen if things did not get better for ordinary people.

The first revolution began with a series of strikes in early February 1917. People in food queues in Petrograd, began a demonstration and were joined by thousands of women, who left the fabrics factories in which they worked. The strike spread through the capital. By February 25, most of Petrograd's factories had to close.

That evening, Nicholas II sent the chief of the army in Petrograd a telegram, which told him to use his soldiers to stop the strikes. The army chief did so, but the soldiers joined the workers, instead of stopping them, and the police also joined them. The government's power collapsed.

On March 15, Nicholas abdicated, and control of Russia was given to a socialist Provisional (Government.

After the February Revolution, the Provisional Government was challenged by a large group of workers, the Petrograd Soviet. The government leader, Alexander Kerensky, tried to improve things by allowing freedom of speech and freeing political prisoners, but people were becoming more unhappy because there was not enough food, wages went down, and the national debt grew to 10 million rubles.

Vladimir Lenin arrived in Petrograd in April 1917. He was a communist, and the Provisional Government was socialist. He had been exiled to Switzerland by the Tsar, but the Provisional Government had allowed him to come back. He began to lead a communist group called the Bolsheviks.

In July, the Bolsheviks spent four days demonstrating against the government. The military attacked them. Lenin was forced to escape to Finland until August, when the Bolsheviks were asked to help defend the government against a takeover by the army. The result was that their reputation improved, and the government gave them weapons.

The Provisional Government's reputation kept getting worse. The Bolsheviks' reputation got better because they refused to work with the Provisional Government until both sides compromised.

On October 10, the Bolsheviks' Central Committee voted to start a revolution. One began in Estonia on October 23. Another started in Petrograd two days later. This time, the revolution was mostly peaceful. The Bolsheviks' Red Army took over many government buildings without a fight, and only two people were killed. It ended with the takeover of the old Tsar's Winter Palace on the morning of October 26, when the Provisional Government was arrested.

The Soviets took power and formed a Congress, a new government, which began on October 25. Some members who were not Bolsheviks walked out during its first few meetings, but that made little difference to its decisions. The people who left were taunted by Leon Trotsky on their way out. He told them to go "where you belong... the dustbin of history!" All parties that opposed the Bolsheviks were eventually broken up, and their leaders were arrested.

The Congress began to get rid of private property. That meant that all land and money was to be owned by the people, and control of factories was given to their workers.

Several countries that had been in the Russian Empire before the Revolution, such as Estonia and Ukraine, had been asking for independence since February. As the new government formed they declared and were allowed independence.

In Russia, enemies of the Bolsheviks organized a White Army and began the Russian Civil War. In July 1918, countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom and France, sent more than 15 armies to help the White Armies. The ex-Tsar and his family were shot to stop them from being freed. To win the war, Lenin diverted food and supplies to the Red Army. The plan worked since the Bolsheviks won the war, but between 3 and 10 million people died of hunger.

The Third Russian Revolution was an anarchist revolution against the Bolsheviks and the White Army that lasted from 1918 to 1922.

Some European countries recognized the Soviet Union as a proper country in the early 1920s, but the United States refused to do so until 1933.


Baguette

Baguettes are long thin of bread popular in France, but now common in many other countries. Usually, they are made of white bread. Baguettes usually have a hard crust on the outside but soft bread on the inside.

French traditions say that bread may only contain the following four things: flour, water, yeast and salt. Anything containing more than those things must not be called bread.

A baguette is about 5-6 cm wide, 3 to 4 cm high, and about 65 cm long. Such a baguette usually weighs about 250 grams. It is common to dip the bread into olive oil when it is eaten.

The baguette is thought as to have come from France, but it actually came from Vienna. In the middle of the nineteenth century, steam ovens had just been brought into use. This allowed loaves to be made with a crispy crust and the white centre, similar to today's baguettes. 

Later, in 1920, a law was passed that did not let bakers work before 4am. This made it impossible to make a larger loaf in time for their customers' breakfasts. The longer, thinner baguette helped solve this problem because it could be prepared and baked much faster. However, since the French had been making long thin loaves for a long time, what exactly was invented in 1920? It seems to be just the use of the word "baguette" for those thin loaves. but it failed and got rich

Outside France, the baguette is also called a 'French stick'. It is a loaf of bread, up to a metre long but only about four to five centimetres in diameter. The baguette is a symbol of France.

Baguettes are eaten as a sandwich cut in half lengthwise. They are also eaten for breakfast (usually with jam or chocolate spread).

A loaf the same length as a baguette but thicker (about 8-10 centimetres diameter) is known as 'pain'. A thin version of the baguette is called 'ficelle'. 

Even in France there is a difference between a traditional baguette and a 'supermarket' baguette.

Baguette has the same texture as the Greek bread Tsoureki.

Barometer

A barometer is an instrument used to measure air pressure. The "barometer" measures air pressure in various kinds of units including hectopascals (hPa) and millibars. 
There are various types of "barometers" such as the water barometer, aneroid barometer, and the mercury barometer. The mercury barometer, the earliest barometer, was created by an Italian mathematician named Evangelista Torricelli in 1643. 

They are used for measuring altitude, or height above the ground, such as the height of a mountain, and they were often used to measure altitude aboard a hot air balloon. Barometers are also used in modern aviation as altimeters. Miners sometimes use them to determine the depth of a mine. The most used purpose of the barometer is measuring air pressure. This helps meteorologists in predicting weather.

A barograph is a device which records barometric readings on paper.

Nokia

Nokia Corporation is a Finnish telecommunications company with its main office in Espoo, a suburb of Helsinki.

The company began in 1865 as a wood pulp mill in Finland and began making paper. The paper was sold to Russia, the UK, and France. The company merged with the Finnish Rubber Company which wanted to use its hydroelectricity plant. After World War Two, Nokia bought a large part of the Finnish Cable Works. In 1967 the three companies joined to form the Nokia Group.

They began making electronic products, and for a few years early in the 21st century were the world's biggest maker of mobile phones. Some of its phones, such as the Nokia 1100 and 1110, have sold over 250 million units around the world, and a few others, like the Nokia 3210 and Nokia 3310, sold more than 100 million units.

In 2011, Nokia and Microsoft began a partnership which created Nokia Lumia, a series of smartphones that use the Windows Phone operating system and was meant to replace Symbian as the OS on Nokia's smartphones. Not many of these phones were sold and because of this, Nokia was losing money. Finally, in 2013, Microsoft bought out Nokia's mobile phone business, which became a division of Microsoft called Microsoft Mobile. Microsoft continued to make feature phones with the Nokia brand, but began using the Microsoft brand for its Lumia smartphones. Nokia's other phones, including the Nokia X which used Android, were discontinued, or no longer made.

Nokia also bought the mapping company Navteq in 2011, and changed its name to HERE. Its apps were first available only on Windows Phone as part of the company's deal with Microsoft, but they later became available for Android and iOS. HERE was sold to Volkswagen, BMW, and Daimler in 2015.

Also in 2011, Nokia started a music streaming service called MixRadio. It became part of Microsoft Mobile in 2014, was sold to a Japanese company in 2015, and was eventually shut down in 2016.

In 2013, Nokia bought out the share of its telecommunications division that was held by Siemens of Germany, and this division is now known as Nokia Networks. The French company Alcatel-Lucent was bought by Nokia and merged into Nokia Networks early in 2016, which also included taking over the famous Bell Labs.

Microsoft Mobile sold its feature phone business to HMD Global in 2016, which is licensing the Nokia brand for its own phones. They include the Android-based Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 6, and a new version of the popular Nokia 3310 made in 2000.

Medio is a American company engaged in predictive analysis services and software development. Founded in 2004, It has been owned by Nokia since 2014.

Research

Research is a way of looking for new information, new understanding, and new facts. A person who does research is called a researcher. Some researchers work in academia. Other researchers work for businesses, for organisations, or for the government. Research is often used for solving problems or increasing available knowledge. This can be done by testing theories and making observations. Research usually prefers to be systematic, organised, and objective. Research is used in many different fields of study such as science, mathematics, and the humanities.

Researchers take part in field or laboratory experiments, reading relevant books, journals or websites, taking notes and making conclusions. Teaching and lecturing is only part of the job of a professor or researcher. When they are not directly teaching classes they are often working on academic research. Historians for example may study historical documents to determine why an event happened as it did.

Learning institutions can vary widely in what they expect from members of their faculty. Most expect faculty members to set up their own laboratories. They hire their own lab employees and obtain their own funding, often from more than one source. Academic researchers often compete for grants to fund research at their own university. The more money researchers can attract, the higher the prestige of that university.

The scientific method is the usual way of doing this kind of research. It is meant to improve understanding of biology, engineering, physics, chemistry and many other fields. With this kind of research, scientists can understand the world, and discover useful things.

Money for research comes from governments, private corporations, and charities. Some of these organizations combine research and development of new products and ways of doing their work.

Any research should be:



Research must be published so the world can learn from it. "Nature", "Science" and "Proceedings of the Royal Society", are general scientific journals. Many special journals are published. Research must pass the peer review process in order to be published.

Electronic Entertainment Expo

The Electronic Entertainment Expo (Exposition) or E3, first held in 1995, is one of the biggest conferences for video games. Every year in late May or early June, game developers and other professional people gather to show new video games, computer hardware, and features. It is only open to people who have been invited and people visiting must be over eighteen years old. In 2019, personal information of more than 6000 people were leaked. As a result, people were harassed.


Prince Edward Island

Prince Edward Island (PEI; ) is a province of Canada. It is the smallest of Canada's ten provinces. Most of the people on Prince Edward Island speak English. Prince Edward Island was named for the son of King George lll of Britain, and it joined the Dominion of Canada in 1873.

This province is long and 4 to 60 kilometers (2.5 to 37 miles) wide. The capital, and also the largest city, is Charlottetown.

Prince Edward Island is known for being the location for novels written by Lucy Maud Montgomery including "Anne of Green Gables". It is also important for being the "Birthplace of Confederation", because the Charlottetown Conference in 1864 was in Prince Edward Island.

Prince Edward Island is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy. The current monarch is King Charles III, the King of Canada. Charles III is represented in Prince Edward Island by the Lieutenant Governor.

Antigen

An antigen is a molecule on the outside of a pathogen (a "germ"). It causes the production of antibodies which stick to the invading virus or bacterium. This is an immune response.

Antigens are usually a protein on the outside of a bacterium or virus. It gets recognized by the adaptive immune system as foreign, and this stimulates the production of antibodies. The antibodies combine with the antigens and make the invading virus or bacterium ineffective. Antigens "stimulate" the production of antibodies: they do not produce them directly. Vaccines for the seasonal flu virus is a common example.

The body system is normally tolerant of its own molecules, which don't trigger an attack. Autoimmune diseases are caused when this safeguard fails.

The first time that a new antigen comes into contact with the body the response of the immune system will be a complete immune response. During this first response, the antigen will cause antibodies to be made. 

The next time the same antigen contacts the body, a full-scale immune response is not needed as the body already has a specific antibody available instantly for that antigen. 

Vaccinations usually contain dead bacteria or antigen so the antibodies can recognise it later and make antibodies faster.


Chaos

Chaos is when something unpredictable or random happens. It may refer to several different things:



Information entropy

Information entropy is a concept from information theory. It tells how much information there is in an event. In general, the more certain or deterministic the event is, the less information it will contain. More clearly stated, information is an increase in uncertainty or entropy. The concept of information entropy was created by mathematician Claude Shannon.

Information and its relationship to entropy can be modeled by:R = H(x) - Hy(x)"The conditional entropy Hy(x) will, for convenience, be called the equivocation. It measures the average ambiguity of the received signal."

The "average ambiguity" or Hy(x) meaning uncertainty or entropy. H(x) represents information. R is the received signal.

It has applications in many areas, including lossless data compression, statistical inference, cryptography, and sometimes in other disciplines as biology, physics or machine learning.

The information gain is a measure of the probability with which a certain result is expected to happen. In the context of a coin flip, with a 50-50 probability, the entropy is the highest value of 1. It does not involve information gain because it does not incline towards a specific result more than the other. If there is a 100-0 probability that a result will occur, the entropy is 0.

Let's look at an example. If someone is told something they already know, the information they get is very small. It will be pointless for them to be told something they already know. This information would have very low entropy.

If they were told about something they knew little about, they would get much new information. This information would be very valuable to them. They would learn something. This information would have high entropy.



Spice Girls

The Spice Girls were a British girl group. The group formed in 1994. The group had five members. They were famous in the late 1990s and early 2000s.

Each member uses a nickname initially given to them: 


They were signed to Virgin Records. The Spice Girls released their debut single, "Wannabe" in 1996. It hit number-one in more than 30 countries. The song helped make the group as a global phenomenon. The group is credited for starting the trend of commercial success of teen pop in the late 1990s. Their debut album, "Spice", sold more than 28 million copies worldwide. It is the best-selling album by a female group in music history. They have sold over 75 million records worldwide. This makes them the best-selling female group of all time. It also makes them the most successful British band since the Beatles.

The group released three albums: Spice in 1996, Spice World in 1997 and Forever in 2000. The Spice Girls starred in , which was released in December 1997. 

The members reunited in 2007. They released a "Greatest Hits" album in November and said a world tour would start in December. On 1 February 2008, the group said that they would be ending the tour early.

In 2012, they reunited again to perform at the closing ceremonies of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

Traffic cone

Traffic cones (also called road cones, safety cones or pylons) are cone-shaped markers, usually made from plastic, that are put on roads to temporarily redirect car traffic in a safe manner. 

Traffic cones are usually placed around construction sites or roadside accidents. As well, many utility companies such as telephone companies and electric companies place cones on the road when utility workers are working on or near the road. Cones are also used by driving schools to set up tests of turning and parking skills.
They have many other uses including bike training, fun and for personal use like reserving parking spaces.

On top of traffic redirection, Traffic cones are often used in sports as markers to test and train for skills like agaility and precision.

Traffic cones are often used due to their resilient rubber construction, and a new one can easily handle being run over multiple times and be reformed by stacking it between other cones. However, a disadvantage to this rubber construction is that older traffic cones tend to become brittle, and easily shattered.

Due to their rubber construction, they can easily be dropped off of specialized road striping trucks to mark paint.

Traffic cones are easily movable and about 60 cm (24 inches) tall. Traffic cones come in many different colors, with orange, yellow and red being the most common colors. Many types of traffic cones have reflective strips or stripes of reflective paint, so that the cones are easier to see at night.

Traffic cones were invented in 1914 by Charles P. Rudabaker. The first cones were made of concrete. In the 2000s, most cones are made of brightly-colored plastic.


Agatha Christie

Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Christie (15 September 1890 – 12 January 1976) was an English writer of crime stories. Her books are very famous all over the world, and she sold more than 4 billion books around the world. Only William Shakespeare has sold more books. Also, her books are in more languages than any other writer's books. People can read them in 103 different languages. Her stories are about murders and finding out who did them. It is hard to find that person. There is a detective who tries to catch the bad person. People like reading her books because they can try to find the answer, too. Reading these books is like playing a game. The most well-known characters in her books are Miss Marple and Hercule Poirot. Miss Marple is an old English lady, and she talks to everyone. People do not think she is smart, but she always finds the bad person. She uses logic to find out who is guilty of the murder. Hercule Poirot is a strange man, a private detective from Belgium who lives in London. He likes to find out who did the murder by thinking about all the evidence. The stories of Poirot and Miss Marple were made into many TV shows and movies.

Christie also wrote plays. One of them is called "The Mousetrap", and it started over 60 years ago. It remains the world's longest-running play.

Christie was born in Torquay in Devon, England. She did not go to school. She had lessons from her mother at home. Her mother thought children should not learn to read until they were eight years old. But Christie learned how to read by herself when she was four. She read many books, so she learned to become a good writer. She later became a very good pianist and singer, too. She was married twice; she had a daughter called Rosalind Hicks. She worked in a hospital and in a pharmacy during World War I. She also wrote romance novels and plays. They were very successful too. In 1971, she was honoured by the Queen with the title Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire.

Christie died on 12 January 1976 at age 85 from natural causes at her Winterbrook House in the north of Cholsey parish, adjoining Wallingford in Oxfordshire (formerly part of Berkshire). She is buried in the nearby churchyard of St Mary's, Cholsey.

The "Guinness Book of World Records" ranks Christie as the best-selling novelist ever. Her novels have sold about 4 billion copies. Her works are the world's most-widely published books after those of William Shakespeare and the Bible. Her books have been translated into at least 103 languages. Christie's best-selling novel is "And Then There Were None". It has sold 100 million copies. It is the world's best-selling mystery novel.

Motion (disambiguation)

Motion refers to any physical movement or change in position or place.








MB

MB, Mb, mB or mb may mean:

MB may mean:

Mb may mean:

mb may mean:

Kwame Nkrumah

Dr. Kwame Nkrumah (born Francis Nwia-Kofi Ngonloma, September 21, 1909 – April 27, 1972) was an African political leader. He was well known as the first Prime Minister, then President, of Ghana. He imagined a united Africa. On March 6, 1957, after ten years of campaigning for Ghanaian independence, Nkrumah was elected president and Ghana gained independence from British rule.

Nkrumah was born Francis Nwia-Kofi Ngonloma in Nkroful, a town in Gold Coast (the British colony that was to become Ghana) to Kofi Ngonloma, a goldsmith, and Elizabeth Nyaniba, a salesperson, who he saw as a great inspiration.

He attended Elementary School at Half Assini where his father worked as a goldsmith. A German priest called George Fischer influenced his education. He went to a school for teachers in Accra, then became a teacher himself. In 1935 he went to Lincoln University in the United States. He learned more about Communism. His education continued at the University of Pennsylvania, from 1939 to 1943. In 1945 he went to London and organized an international conference for African freedom. At that time he changed his name to "Kwame".

Nkrumah returned to the Gold Coast and founded the Convention People's Party. He was elected Prime Minister. When Ghana became independent from England, Nkrumah was its first president. He created the flag of Ghana. He required all children to attend school. More women attended school and took jobs. For electricity, Nkrumah ordered the building of a hydroelectric dam known as the "Akosombo Dam" and a nuclear power plant.

The military and police forced Nkrumah from power on February 24, 1966.

 In 1972, Kwame Nkrumah died in Bucharest, Romania. According to some sources the reason for his death was cancer. However, his close relatives believed there was a chance he was being poisoned by Western agents. His health began rapidly failing after the mysterious death of his chef while in exile in Guinea.


The Osagyefo, Dr. Kwame Nkrumah authored over 20 books and publications. He was a lead authority on the Political theory and Practical Pan-Africanism.


Diego Velázquez

Diego Velázquez (baptized 6 June 1599 – 6 August 1660) was a Spanish painter, the leading artist in the court of King Philip IV.

Velázquez began his career as an apprentice to the Spanish painter Francisco Pacheco. In 1623 Velázquez painted portrait of King Philip IV of Spain. The king was impressed with the painting. The king appointed Velázquez as a painter of the royal court.

Velázquez had a successful career as a painter. He traveled to Italy two times. He painted royal portraits and religious scenes. Velázquez was also honored as a "Knight of Santiago". 

Most of royal portraits are now in the Prado Museum, in Madrid.

Kinshasa

Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (once called Zaire). It is the third largest city in the continent of Africa (after Lagos and Cairo). About eleven million people live there. Kinshasa is also a province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 

Kinshasa is on one side of the Congo river, and Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of Congo, is on the other side. Kinshasa and Brazzaville are the nearest country capitals in the world.

Henry Morton Stanley founded (started) the town in 1881 and called it Léopoldville (after King Léopold II of Belgium, who controlled the Congo Free State, now the Democratic Republic of the Congo), next to a village called Nshasa or Kinshasa. The city was originally private property (not public). The post developed successfully as the first navigable port on the Congo River above Livingstone Falls, a series of rapids over 300 kilometres (190 mi) below Leopoldville. At first, all goods arriving by sea or being sent by sea had to be carried by porters between Léopoldville and Matadi. Later a railway went around the falls.

Léopoldville changed its name to Kinshasa in 1966.

Great Barrier Reef

The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. It is near the coast of Queensland, Australia. It is made up of nearly 2900 coral reefs and over 600 islands. It is 327,800 km big and 2600 km long. It has been listed an important World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The Great Barrier Reef is the biggest structure made by living things. It can be seen from outer space. The Reefs are threatened.
The biggest threat to the Great Barrier Reef today is coral bleaching caused by high sea water temperatures as a result of global warming. During 2016, the worst die-off ever recorded occurred, due to seas warming around the Great Barrier Reef. Two-thirds of a 700-km (435 miles) stretch of coral in nine months were killed.

The Reef Research Centre has found the remains of coral that are half a million years old. Corals have been growing in the region for as long as 25 million years. The corals have not always formed coral reefs.

It is difficult to work out the age of the Great Barrier Reef. This is because of the way a reef can grow and shrink as the sea level changes. A coral reef can grow in diameter, that is how wide they are, from 1 to 2 cm per year. They can also grow upwards from 1 to 15 cm per year. Coral can not grow if the water is too deep (150 metres or more) because it needs light from the sun. They cannot grow out of the water (above sea level).

The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority and Australian Institute of Marine Science say the current, living reef started growing about 20,000 years ago. It started to grow on an older reef. This makes the beginning of the reef duringay. The land that forms the bottom of the Great Barrier Reef was a coastal plain. The plain had some large hills. Some of these hills were parts of older reefs.
From 20,000 years ago until 6,000 years the sea level began to rise. As it rose, the corals could grow higher on the hills of the coastal plain. 13,000 years ago the sea level was 60 metres lower than the present day. Corals began to grow around the hills of the coastal plain. These became continental islands. As the sea level rose higher, most of these continental islands were covered by water. The corals could then grow over the hills. This formed the present cays and reefs. Sea level on the Great Barrier Reef has not risen much in the last 6,000 years. The CRC Reef Research Centre has worked out that the present, living reef is 6,000 to 8,000 years old.

The remains of a very old barrier reef has been found in the Kimberley area. This is in the northern part of Western Australia.

The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 different areas. These are called bioregions. Each bioregion has its own special plants and animals. There are 30 reef bioregions, and 40 are non-reef bioregions. In the northern part of the Great Barrier Reef, there are ribbon reefs and deltaic reefs. These kinds of reef do not exist in the rest of the Great Barrier Reef system.

The Great Barrier Reef has 1,500 species of fish, and many other animals, algae, and corals. This includes many vulnerable or endangered species. Some of these exist only on this reef system.
Thirty species of whales, dolphins, and porpoises have been seen in the Great Barrier Reef. This includes the dwarf minke whale, Indo-Pacific humpback dolphin, and the humpback whale. Most of the population of the dugongs live there.

Six species of sea turtles come to the reef to breed. These are the green sea turtle, leatherback sea turtle, hawksbill turtle, loggerhead sea turtle, flatback turtle, and the olive ridley. There are two different groups of green sea turtles on the Great Barrier Reef. One group lives in the northern part of the reef and the other in the south. Fifteen species of seagrass attract the dugongs and turtles. They also provide a food and shelter for fish. The most common kinds of seagrasses are "Halophila" and "Halodule".

Saltwater Crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef. No crocodile nests have been found on the reef. The salt water crocodiles on the reef travel long distances. There are not many living around the reef. Around 125 species of shark, stingray, skates or chimaera live on the reef. About 5,000 species of mollusc live on the reef. These include the giant clam, nudibranchs and cone snails. Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found. Seven species of frogs live on the islands. Also, the Moray eel lives on the bottom, preying on fish.

215 species of birds come to the reef or nest or roost on the islands. This includes 22 species of seabirds and 32 species of shorebirds. These include the white-bellied sea eagle and roseate tern. Most nesting sites are on islands in the northern and southern regions of the Great Barrier Reef. About 1.7 million birds use the sites to breed.

The islands of the Great Barrier Reef have 2,195 known plant species. Three of these do not live anywhere else. The northern islands have 300-350 plants which are woody. The southern islands have 200 plants which are herbaceous. The Whitsunday region has the most plant species placing at 1,141. The plant species are mostly spread by fish

Seventeen types of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef. They take about 4 years to become old enough to breed. They usually live on the sea floor. They live in warm waters up to deep. They are more common in the southern part of the reef.

More than 1,500 species of fish live on the reef. These include the clownfish, red bass, red-throat emperor, and several types of snapper and coral trout. There are at least 330 species of sea squirts (ascidians) on the reef. These vary in size from 1 mm-10 cm in diameter. Between 300 and 500 species of bryozoans live on the reef system. These are small water animals that look like moss, or
branches

Four hundred species of corals, both hard corals and soft corals live on the reef. Most of these spawn, releasing thousands of eggs, in huge events. This spawning is controlled by the rising sea temperatures. This happens in spring, summer and some parts of autumn, as part of the moons lunar cycle, and the day/night diurnal cycle. Reefs in the inner Great Barrier Reef spawn during the week after the full moon in October. Outer reefs spawn in November and December. The common soft corals on the Great Barrier Reef belong to 36 different types. Five hundred species of marine algae or seaweed live on the reef. This includes thirteen types of "Halimeda". These deposit chalky (calcareous) mounds up to 100 metres wide. They have mini-ecosystems on their surface which have been compared to rainforest cover.
A new report, the Reef Outlook Report, says that climate change will cause huge damage to the reef. The report was written by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority. Warmer and more acidic water around the coral reef will slow down calcification, which is how the coral grows and becomes strong. The corals will become bleached (lose their colours) and many species that live on and around the reef will be in danger. The Australian government has already spent AU$325 million to improve the health of the reef in the last two years.

The Reef Outlook Report also warned of other dangers to the reef. These included poor quality water running into the sea from the mainland. This water is polluted with farm insecticides and rubbish from nearby towns. The increasing amount of development on the coast is destroying natural marine and coastal habitats. There is also some damage from fishing.




Missouri Compromise

The Missouri Compromise, also called the Compromise of 1820, was a plan proposed by Henry Clay of the U.S. state of Kentucky. It was signed by President James Monroe and passed in 1820. The agreement was between the pro-slavery and anti-slavery groups in the United States Congress, mostly about the regulation of slavery in the western territories. It admitted Missouri as a slave state to please the South and it also admitted Maine as a free state to please the North. It kept the balance of power in the United States Senate between the free states and slave states. The plan also called for slavery to be banned from the Louisiana Territory north of the parallel 36 degrees 30' north (also known as the Missouri Compromise Line), except inside the borders of the proposed state of Missouri.

Before the agreement, the House of Representatives had refused to accept this compromise and a conference committee was appointed. The United States Senate refused to concur in the amendment, and the whole measure was lost.

During the following session (1819-1820), the House passed a similar bill with an amendment, created on January 26, 1820 by John W. Taylor of New York, allowing Missouri into the union as a slave state. In December, the question had been complicated by the admission in of Alabama, a slave state, making the number of slave and free states the same. Also, there was a bill in passage through the House (January 3, 1820) to admit Maine as a free state.

The Senate decided to connect the two measures. It passed a bill for the admission of Maine with an amendment allowing the people of Missouri to make a state constitution. Before the bill returned to the House, a second amendment was adopted on the motion of Jesse B. Thomas of Illinois, excluding slavery from the Missouri Territory north of the parallel 36°30' north (the southern boundary of Missouri), except within the limits of the proposed state of Missouri.

Peafowl

A peafowl is a bird of the "Phasianide" family. It is a relative of the pheasant.

There are two species of peafowl: the Asiatic peafowl ("Pavo") or the Congo peafowl ("Afropavo congensis"). The Congo peafowl is the only member of the pheasant family that originated outside Asia.

The male peafowl can have up to 150 brightly colored feathers on its tail coverts.

For centuries peafowl have been admired for their beauty and hunted for their meat. Recently peacocks have become more popular in parks and gardens.Peacocks are large, colorful pheasants (typically blue and green) known for their iridescent tails. Distinctive Tail Feathers.

The male peafowls (called peacocks) have long, colorful feathers. Female peafowls (called peahens) have shorter, brown feathers.

They like to eat any kind of green shoots (flowers, veggies, grass etc.) as well as wheat, cracked corn or wild game feed. They can handle freezing temperatures as long as they have a dry perch that is out of the wind and weather. Dry dog and cat chows make excellent winter feed for peafowl, who are omnivores, eating insects, small snakes, lizards, grain, as well as many varieties of greens. They are particularly fond of petunias and similar pot plants, leaving nothing but a small green circle where the stem once emerged from the soil. The birds will learn to come to a specific place at specific times of day to be fed, and a regular light feeding during summer adapts them to coming to the feeding place in winter.

The peafowl is native to southeast Asia, including India and Pakistan. They were brought to Europe long ago, and can acclimatize to colder areas.

The very long, elegant and colorful plumage of the male birds, peacocks, is grown over the winter months so that they are ready for the early spring mating season, during which each male establishes a territory. The male calls to the females to come and admire his dance.

He displays a rustling of tail quills which hold up the fanned back plumes (= tail feathers) as he stamps and turns. The summoning call is loud, repeated, happens sometimes at night, and sounds, to some people, like a woman screaming. Often it is tri-syllabic, mi-fa-sol. Once the mating season is over, the tail feathers are naturally shed.

The peacock's display is a classic example of sexual selection.

The female birds, peahens, are soft brown and gray with white chests and bellies and some light green on the neck, the colors blending so well with weeds and grasses that when the female is nesting on the ground, she is almost invisible.

The hen teaches her chicks what to eat by putting her beak down at a chosen bug, grain, seed, or leaf and making a throaty "grock" sound. The chick put its beak against the mother's, follows the beak to the tip, and eats whatever it points at. The chicks can learn what to eat from a hen of another species, but, unlike baby chickens, peachicks need to be shown what to eat. Chicks hatched in a hatchery can starve to death if there is no hen to teach them what to eat.

In addition to the "eat this" sound, the female has a particular call for a missing chick, a "where are you," "hoo-hah" call, two toned, high then low, mi-do, mi-do. When a chick is missing, this call can go on for hours.

She lays from two to six eggs in the spring time and, once all are laid, sits on the eggs for about thirty days to hatch them, leaving the nest once or twice a day to feed and drink. Often the female will utter a shrieked "trouble" call, a quickly repeated "cuk, cuk, cuk, cuk" when she leaves the nest, to attract predators away from it.

Once the chicks are hatched, the mother leads them away from the broken eggs, as the smell of the eggs attracts predators. They are able to flutter a little within hours, and in a few days can fly up into sheltering trees by going first to lower branches and working their way higher, preferring high, protected branches. The chicks roost on either side of the peahen, and she extends her wings to cover them during the night, thus protecting them from rain, hail, and visits from owls. They begin to grow their "crowns" when they are only a few weeks old and it takes about a year for them to reach full size, though it may take three years to reach breeding age. Both males and females are hatched with the same plumage; nine to twelve months after hatching, the males' necks begin to turn peacock blue, and their splendid plumage takes about four years to reach full size.

Manager

A Manager is a person who "manages" or is "in charge of" something. Managers can control departments in companies, or guide the people who work for them. Managers must often make decisions about things.

According to Henri Fayol, a French management theorist, managers must be able to do:

The manager is responsible for overseeing and leading the work of a group of people in many instances. The manager is also responsible for planning and maintaining work systems, procedures, and policies that enable and encourage the optimum performance of its people and other resources within a business unit.

Other definition given by Peter. F. Drucker, "every job should be designed as an integrated set of operations which are varied enough to reduce boredom. A manager must create a climate which brings in and maintain satisfaction and discipline among the people. "
Dachshund

The dachshund is a breed of dog. It is usually short (small in height), but long from front to back and with short legs. “Dachshund” is a German word that is used in English, and it means “badger dog.” (In German, dachshunds are called "Dackel" or "Teckel".)

The breed was developed to use its sense of smell to find, chase, and hunt badgers and other animals that live in holes. A dachshund has a long, narrow body, so it is sometimes called a "wiener dog", "hot dog", or "sausage dog". Some owners believe that using such terms is disrespectful, and may take offense.

Today, dachshunds have crooked legs, loose skin, and a barrel-like chest. Over time, breeders selected dogs so that those features would appear in puppies. That way, dachshunds could do a better job of burrowing into tight spaces. Another feature is a long tail. They’re moderately muscular, with a strong breast bone that is easily identifiable. Dachshund’s tail should digress harmoniously down their spine and not dragging the floor when at rest.https://dachshundbreedcouncil.wordpress.com/uk-breed-standard/ 

The coat or fur of a dachshund comes in three kinds – smooth or short-haired, long-haired, and wire-haired. The wire-haired dachshund usually is shorter front to back than the other two.

A fully-grown dachshund weighs between 16 and 28 lb. (7 to 12.7 kg), while the miniature dachshund may weigh less than 11 lb. (5 kg). The writer H. L. Mencken said that “A dachshund is a half-dog high and a dog-and-a-half long.”

Dachshund fur comes in many colours. The colors that are most common are red (a brown color that looks a little reddish) and black-and-tan (black body with brown parts). There are solid black and solid chocolate-brown dachshunds. Many people think those dachshunds are handsome, but the colors are not standard or official – that is, you cannot enter those dogs in some dog shows.

Dachshunds are playful, fun dogs. People know that dachshunds like to chase small animals and birds, and when they chase those animals they do it ferociously (without fear and very intensely). Many dachshunds are strong-headed or stubborn, and that means they can be hard to train. However; if trained in proper way and at an early age, these dogs can be a good family dogs. These dogs should be trained for socialization and obedience. Dachshunds are often very loyal to their owners (devoted to their owners, or very interested in their owners). In fact, they can be much more loyal than other kinds of dogs. But wire-haired dachshunds often do not show that kind of loyalty to their owners.

People know that dachshunds have deep and tender eyes, and that dachshunds have many facial expressions (dachshunds can communicate just with the look on their faces).

Dachshunds are in intelligent and courageous dogs.

Dachshunds often have spinal problems, that is, their backbone can become injured. That is because of the dog’s very long spinal column and short rib cage. The problems are usually hereditary (genetic), that is, they are passed down from parent dogs to puppies.

A dachshund that is obese (fat) can have a higher risk of getting injured. That is because the extra weight puts more strain on the backbone (vertebrae).
To prevent injury, dachshunds should not climb stairs or jump unless they really have to. It is also important to hold the dog the right way – by holding up the front and the rear parts of the body at all times.

Some people have wondered if dachshunds go back to ancient Egypt. People have found drawings and engravings from ancient Egypt that show hunting dogs with short legs. But the dachshund of today was bred in Europe, and it has parts of German, French, and English hounds and terriers.

Kings and queens all over Europe have had dachshunds. Queen Victoria especially liked dachshunds.


Karachi

Karachi (), () is the largest city in Pakistan and the capital of the province of Sindh. Until 1958, it was also the capital of Pakistan. It is also called the City of Lights. It is also one of the world's biggest megacities. In 2017, there are about 17.63 million people who live in Karachi. It is the largest city in the Muslim world.

Karachi has many names including "Mai Kolachi Jo Goth" and "Karatishi". A native of Karachi is called a Karachiite. Quaid-e-Azam (Muhammad Ali Jinnah), who was the founder of Pakistan, was born and buried in Karachi. Karachi has two important regional seaports. Karachi also makes the largest share of Pakistan's GDP and national revenue. 

Karachi has five districts: District South, District East, District West, District Central, and District Malir. The city is the financial and commercial center of Pakistan.

Karachi has 26 universities including the University of Karachi. It is home to the National Stadium, which hosts many cricket games, and several other sports complexes. The city has several long sandy beaches including Clifton/Kemari beach and Sandspit beach. Clifton beach suffered from an oil spillage but the beach was cleaned. Karachi has Pakistan's first nuclear site, KANUP in 1952 from Canada. Karachi hosted the first ever night hockey match between India and Pakistan in 1986 at Hockey Club of Pakistan Stadium.The city has a modern international airport (Jinnah International Airport) and two large shipping ports, the Port of Karachi and Port Qasim. Karachi is linked by railway to the rest of Pakistan.

Karachi has a hot desert climate ("BWh" in the Koeppen climate classification).


Transliteration

Transliteration is a conversion of a text from one writing system to another. It swaps letters in predictable ways (such as α → a, д → d, χ → ch, ն → n or æ → ae). The word comes from the prefix "trans-" (in this case, referring to switching the letters around) + the Latin word "littera" (meaning "letter") + the suffix "-ation" (which makes the word into a noun that talks about the process of doing something).

Transliteration is not about the sounds of the original. It is about the type or written characters, mostly the letters. 

For example, the name for Russia in Cyrillic script, "", is usually transliterated as "Rossiya". So, 'сс' is transliterated as 'ss', but pronounced . 

Transliteration typically goes grapheme to grapheme. Most transliteration systems are one-to-one, so a reader who knows the system can reconstruct the original spelling.

Transliteration is opposed to transcription, which maps the "sounds" of one language into a writing system.


Taoism

Taoism or Daoism () is a type of belief, or a way of thinking about life. It is at least 2,500 years old and it comes from China. Taoism is now said to be a philosophy. Tao (or Dao, ) is the name of the force or the "Way" that Taoists believe makes everything in the world. Taoists think that words cannot be used to correctly describe Tao. The very first line of the "Dào Dé Jīng" (), the most important text in Taoism, says "the Way that can be explained in words is not the true Way." There are many other sacred writings by the teachers of Taoism.

Instead of spending a lot of time trying to explain what the Tao is, Taoists focus on living a simple and balanced life in harmony with nature. This is one of the most important principles in Taoism. Taoists also believe that conflict is not good and that if you have a problem with something, it is better to find a way around it.

Taoism first showed up in writing in China in 142 C.E. People do not always write about their religions at first, so this religion may be much older. Some important people of the history of Taoism are:

Taoists believe that the main principle behind the universe is an esoteric force known as the Tao. The Tao can best be described as the chaotic power of reality that causes change to happen and things to come in and out of the world without direction or intention. The essence of the Tao is seen in nature, in which all action occurs without any sort of meaning or greater purpose, but is rather the flow of change and energy. Some Taoists describe the Tao as God. Many scholars have labeled Taoism as pantheistic.

Taoists use the word qi to describe energy moving through and altering things in the universe as a result of the Tao.

Taoists believe the best way to live life is through the principle of "wu-wei", which translates to "inaction" or "inexertion". The doctrine of wu-wei advocates to not push back or resist what ever comes your way in life, and to let it be and accept its presence. It also advocates for being happy with what you have and not pursuing unrealistic dreams.

The yin and yang symbol, the famous icon of Taoism, encapsulates the idea that one must be in a harmony between two opposing forces in one's life and remain neutral to either side. 

Traditionalist polytheistic Taoists believe in traditional concepts of Heaven and the Underworld, but many modern Taoists today disregard old conceptions of the afterlife and instead believe that people can live on in the Tao after their physical death through metaphysical union.

There are several different types of Taoism, some that combine the principles of Laozi with traditional Chinese deity worship, and some that adhere more strictly to the original tenets and believe only in the concepts of the Tao, qi, and wu-wei.

Adjustment

An adjustment is when something is changed in a small way. This is usually to make it better. The word can be used as a verb, as in "Bill needs to adjust his tie".

Examples of adjustments:


Poverty

Poverty means not having enough money for basic needs such as food, drinking water, shelter, or toiletries. Many people in different countries live in poverty, especially in developing areas of West and Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, Caribbean and some parts of Asia. 

There are different ways to measure poverty. The World Bank says that "extreme poverty" is when someone has less than US$1 a day to live on (that dollar is an ideal one). It has been changed to rule out certain effects such as inflation, meaning that prices of things rise higher than what a person is paid, and other price level differences. "Moderate poverty" is when people have to live on less than $2 a day. In the year 2001, 1.1 billion people were seen as "extremely poor", and 2.7 billion were seen as "moderately poor". 

In the developed world this does not apply. There, many people are seen as the "working poor". They have a job, but do not earn enough money for basic things such as food and a home. In most developed countries, people without jobs receive money from the government, but this is often less than what they need for a comfortable life. 

There are different ways to tell if a country is rich or poor. The Gross Domestic Product, or GDP, and Human Development Index, or HDI, are two of those measures. Gross Domestic Product is the money made from trade from inside the country. 

HDI, meaning the Human Development Index is a different matter. It is determined by life expectancy and adult literacy rates. Places in Africa like Guinea-Bissau, Sierra Leone and Mali are the poorest, with Sierra Leone having the lowest HDI ranking in the world.

Poverty is a hurdle in the way of a country's progress. One way of helping lower poverty is by educating poor people so that they can start contributing to a nation's economic development. Education teaches the poor about their rights and may show them the path to become an important part of the growth and expansion of the country. Vienna Declaration also tells this fact. 

One of the most important things that is needed to make a country richer is for the Government to want to help poor people do better. Without this, it is hard for people to become better off.


Course

A course could mean:

British Empire

The British Empire was the largest empire in history and, for a century, was the foremost global power. The British Empire included the dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates, and other territories.

The Empire started with England's overseas possessions in the late 16th and early 17th centuries. It grew into the largest empire the world has ever known during the 19th and early 20th centuries.

The British Empire was the first of the European powers to ban slavery, and used the Royal Navy to suppress the Atlantic slave trade by the West Africa Squadron.

By 1922, more than 458 million people lived in the colonies and territory of the British Empire. This was more than one fifth of the world's population at that time. The Empire was larger than 33,700,000 km (13,012,000 sq mi), almost a quarter of the Earth's total land area. The British Empire's large influence left a mark on many aspects of the modern world: constitutional, legal, linguistic, and cultural legacies. Called "the Empire on which the Sun never sets"' it stood as a sign of British strength and dominance across the globe.

The Age of Discovery saw Portugal and Spain carving vast empires. This sparked England to create its own colonies and trade networks. England, France, and the Netherlands sought to harvest wealth and resources in the Americas and Asia, with Britain eventually emerging as the dominate colonial power in North America and the Indian subcontinent.

In the 19th century, Britain's naval and imperial might surged to new heights, starting a period of prosperity and peace known as Pax Britannica. The combination of trade from factories (the industrial revolution) and shipping guarded by a navy, was the basis of wealth.

Controlling a significant portion of world trade, Britain wielded economic influence over regions such as Asia and Latin America. Some colonies earned greater autonomy, becoming Dominions.

While challenges emerged as the 20th century dawned, Britain's spirit endured. Even in the face of increased competition from Germany and the United States in the early 20th century, the Empire's legacy endured, shaping the course of world history.

World War I weakened the Empire, and World War II accelerated this decline. Also, the ideas of mechanization and manufacture were becoming well known. Other countries could do this, too. Labour costs in (for example) China were much lower than they were in Britain. It is possible that without WWII Britain would still have been in control of manufacturing in large parts of the world. But WWII did happen, and one consequence was the dominance of the United States and China.

Decolonization movements emerged in the post-war era, leading to the granting of independence to many territories, including India. Yet, the British Empire's influence endures, connecting former colonies and dominions in the Commonwealth of Nations, with many sharing the bond of a common monarch, now King Charles III.

When Britain gave Hong Kong back to China on 1 July 1997, it marked the effective end of the British Empire. Britain still has some overseas territories.

When the Thirteen Colonies became independent in the American War of Independence, the British Empire lost some of its oldest and most important colonies. But it kept colonies in what are now Canada and Florida, as well as the Caribbean. It still had colonies and businesses in Asia, Africa, and the Pacific too. After defeating Napoleonic France in 1815, Britain became the world's only superpower for more than a century. The Empire became even larger.

The Empire continued to expand during the 19th century. The Empire would force the Chinese to give them the island of Hong Kong after the Opium Wars during the middle of the 19th century. During the Scramble for Africa, Britain gained much of Africa, especially in the south.

By the start of the 20th century, the economies of Germany and the United States had begun catching up to Britain, especially in their industrialisation. Britain allowed Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa to be "self-governing dominions" by the time of the First World War. They could create their own laws in most matters, and became independent countries in 1931.

The First World War weakened Europe. Though the British Empire had been the most powerful economy before the war, it was quickly surpassed by the United States as the greatest industrial power after the war. In the Second World War, Japan took the colonies of Britain and other European countries in South-East Asia. The allies eventually defeated Japan and took back their colonies, but Britain's prestige in Asia was damaged. This caused the Empire to decline more quickly.

The British Raj included the whole of the Indian subcontinent. The independence of the two states of India and Pakistan in 1947 was the first and most important step in decolonisation. In the following decade, Britain also gave independence to most of the territories of the British Empire. While doing this, the colonial government hid and destroyed many documents about the empire that they thought might get them in trouble. After the UK transferred Hong Kong back to China in 1997, the British Empire was essentially over. However, Britain still controls some overseas territories. After they were given independence, many countries which used to be British colonies joined the Commonwealth of Nations. Fifteen Commonwealth countries have the same head of state, King Charles III, and are Commonwealth realms.

The Slavery Abolition Act abolished slavery in the British Empire on 1 August 1834. In the territories administered by the East India Company and Ceylon, slavery was ended in 1844.

Parliamentary reform in 1832 saw the influence of the East India Company decline. Under the 1833 Act, slaves were granted full emancipation after a period of four to six years of "apprenticeship". Facing further opposition from abolitionists, the apprenticeship system was abolished in 1838.

The British government compensated slave-owners.


Chimbote

Chimbote is the largest city in the Ancash Region of Peru. The city has over 400,000 residents.

It is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean. Most of the people of Chimbote catch fish, or work with seafood in some way. The city catches more fish than any other place in Peru. 

Chimbote is known for its good version of the national dish of Peru, ceviche. Chimbote is also the hometown of the former president of Peru, Alejandro Toledo.

Tram

A tram (tramcar, trolley, or streetcar) is a passenger vehicle that is like a light train. It carries people to places within a city. Because a single tram can carry many people at the same time, riding on a tram instead of driving a car is a good way to help prevent pollution and stop the roads getting too busy.

The word "tram" is used mainly outside North America, while within North America these vehicles are called "streetcars" or "trolleys" as they run mainly on streets.

More modern and larger trams manufactured since the 1970s, such as the one in the second picture from Warsaw, are called light rail vehicles. These vehicles are bigger because they are very often made of two or more parts, with a bendy section in the middle which works like a human joint. In railway jargon, these types of vehicles are called "articulated". These may sometimes have their own right-of-way instead of traveling on the street and their stops are usually farther apart than the stops of trams so that they can travel faster. 

On Market Street in San Francisco, vintage streetcars from the 1910s through the 1940s, called "historic streetcars" (the "F Market" line), that travel on the street are a popular tourist attraction. Another city whose trams are highly used by tourists is Hong Kong, because here the trams have two floors which is very rare in the world.

The largest tram networks in the world are in: Melbourne, St. Petersburg, Amsterdam, Berlin, Moscow and Vienna. 

Trams first came into use in the 1890s, when they replaced horsecars--streetcars drawn by horses.

In the 1910s to 1930s, in many metropolitan areas in North America, there were special bigger and longer streetcars that traveled long distances to distant suburbs on what were called "interurban" lines. These streetcar lines sometimes had "dedicated tracks" with their own right-of-way (land surrounding the tracks) and made fewer local stops. 

In the late 1940s and early 1950s, in the United States, there was a conspiracy by Standard Oil, General Motors, and Firestone Rubber. They formed a company called National City Lines to buy streetcar systems, tear up the tracks, and replace them with buses in almost all the cities in North America. They did this so they could make bigger profits by selling more oil, buses, cars and rubber tires. Because of this, it was necessary to spend hundreds of millions of dollars of public funds in the 1980s and 1990s to reconstruct the streetcar systems as light rail systems using light rail vehicles. This conspiracy is somewhat referred to in the 1988 film Who Framed Roger Rabbit.


Fast food

Fast food is the term for a kind of food that people eat from a restaurant, cafe or take-out where food is prepared and served quickly. 

It is mass-produced food. It is often western pattern and pre-prepared and delivered to the shop ready for frying or boiling. There is a strong priority on "speed of service". 

The restaurants that sell fast food are called "fast food shops" or "fast-food restaurants". Some of the more common fast food restaurants are McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King, Culver's, Taco Bell, and KFC. All these chains have a limited short menu and serve the same kind of food in all their outlets. The shops are subcontracted by the supplying company and tied absolutely by contract to that single supplier. However, the same kind of criticism could be (and is) directed at some other kinds of restaurants. The problem is seen by many critics as being one of over-eating, rather than one of the specific food types.
Fast food is often considered unhealthy due to it being loaded with calories, sodium, and unhealthy fat—often enough in one meal for an entire day. It also tends to be low in nutrients and almost totally lacking in fruit, vegetables, and fiber. Eating too much fast food can cause a human to have poor quality health which is linked to a higher risk of obesity, depression, digestive issues, heart disease, and stroke, type 2 diabetes, cancer, and early death. 

Ford (disambiguation)

Ford (Ford Motor Company) can mean more than one thing:

Scott Joplin

Scott Joplin was an American ragtime musician and composer. He is widely considered the greatest ragtime composer of all time.

Joplin was African-American and born in the U.S. state of Texas sometime between June 1867 and January 1868 and grew up in Texarkana, Texas. His relatives were railroad workers. His father wanted him to find work that would pay. His mother said he should learn music. Even though he was from Texas, most of his pieces were written when he was in Missouri and New York City.

Joplin is most well known for writing piano pieces called rags. His music became popular again in the 1970s, with the album "Scott Joplin: Piano Rags", performed by Joshua Rifkin, from Nonesuch Records. He may be most commonly known now by the Marvin Hamlisch adaptation of his composition "The Entertainer" (1902) which was used in the 1973 movie "The Sting" starring Paul Newman and Robert Redford. His best-known rag while he was alive was "Maple Leaf Rag" (1899). Other rags he wrote were "The Ragtime Dance" (1906) and "Magnetic Rag" (1914). Scott Joplin wrote more than 40 piano rags, but he also wrote two operas; "A Guest of Honor" and "Treemonisha". "A Guest of Honor" was performed in Joplin's lifetime, but since then the music has been lost. "Treemonisha" was never performed while Joplin was alive, but it has been performed since then. Joplin also wrote a symphony, but the music has been lost.

Joplin died of syphilis in New York City on April 1, 1917.


Propane

Propane is an organic compound with the chemical formula . It is an alkane with three carbon atoms. It is used in fuels.

It begins to burn very quickly. 
Its melting temperature is −187.7 °C; its boiling temperature is −42 °C; its density is 1.83 g/l.

Propane is extracted from natural gasoline or from petroleum.

Flag of Japan

The flag of Japan shows a red sun (rising sun) in the middle of a white field. It is called "Nisshoki" (日章旗) formally in Japan. But Japanese people usually call it "Hinomaru" (日の丸) which means "circle of the sun".
The Japanese navy uses the other flag; the sun has rays.
This flag represents the heat of the sun. Its colours are red and white. 

Nationalism

Nationalism is the idea of promoting the interests of a particular nation. Mostly it includes interests in the sovereignty of their own country or homeland. Nationalists think that the best way to make this happen and avoid control or oppression by others is for each group to have their own nation. Some nationalists think this is the best way to save small and weak groups threatened by the mixing of ethnic groups, such as in countries like Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia.. The other definition of nationalism is the 'identification with one's own nation and support for its interests, especially to the exclusion or detriment of the interests of other nations. 

The opposite of nationalism is Internationalism and anti-nationalism.

Many early socialists were also nationalists. The earliest forms of nationalism had lots of socialist features. Political thinkers who thought that ethnic groups should not be oppressed by other ethnic groups thought also that 'normal folk', the backbone of society, like workers and peasants, should not be oppressed by higher social classes like rich people. They also thought that it is wrong for somebody to live in great welfare that is made of the hard work of others, or the oppression of others. The ideology is that the social classes should work together and have a common goal that aims for the good of everyone. These goals can be called "national interest".

National interest is ideal and not always easy to find. 

Nationalists started to support normal people, especially peasants, who they saw as uncorrupted, gallant, and fair, unlike high classes. For example, normal folks often had more original and local ethnic culture than the high classes, whose culture was seen as more rootless. 

Socialism and nationalism grew together. But they have also been in opposition. The most known opposition between these ideologies was with the Soviet Union. Soviet propaganda made nationalism an insult word that was linked with opposed ideologies like capitalism, liberalism, imperialism or fascism. Even in the Soviet Union and other communist or socialist countries, there was nationalism in great measure (even if it was not called with that name).

The most capitalist countries like the United States were patriotic rather than nationalist. The Nordic countries, which were among the most pure nation-states (countries that follow nationalist principle), were not very capitalist or rightist; they were built on the social democratic idea, which is left. Only after Nordic countries became more multicultural did their politics become more rightist.

Today nationalism does not have a common stand on those fields of politics that are outside of its basic goals, like left-right politics. However nationalism can be a part of a bigger political ideology or agenda that can be leftist or rightist or something outside that classification.

Nationalism is usually connected to goals that resist strong hierarchy between social classes in society. Nationalist people are usually more or less against the strongest forms of capitalism, which they think gives too much power to rich people and big companies.

Nationalism had an important role in ending colonial rule. Nationalism spread to colonies and made their people desire independence. Nationalism also made the people in metropolitan states (countries that colonized others) accept more the desire of other people to rule themselves. However nationalists think that the end of colonization of Africa was not done well. They think that there would not be so many conflicts in Africa if African nations had built in a nationalist way (so that every ethnic group is its own nation).

After the imperialists left their African colonies, the new nations were built with borders that were not the same as the ethnic borders. New nations became nations with many ethnic groups, which do not want to or cannot live peacefully in the same society with the others.


Drought

Drought is a continuous period of dry weather, when an area gets less than its normal amount of rain, over months or even years. Crops and other plants need water to grow, and animals need it to live. Droughts can become dangerous to people and other land animals; causing famine and even creating deserts.

The word "drought" comes from the Old English drugað, drugoð "drought, dryness, desert," from Proto-Germanic *drugothaz, from Germanic root *dreug- "dry" (cf high/height) with *-itho, Germanic suffix for forming abstract nouns (see -th (2)).

A drought is a natural event, caused by other weather events like El Niño and high-pressure systems. Drought can also be triggered by deforestation (people cutting down forests), by global warming, and by diverting rivers or emptying lakes.

Drought is a natural disaster which usually takes place slowly. It is often difficult to decide when a drought started and sometimes when it ends too. Its effects often build up slowly over a long period of time and may last from months to years after rain resumes.

Many people die every year in famines due to drought in subsistence farming areas. Conflicts can result from drought conditions.


Deafness

Deafness is when someone cannot hear at all, or cannot hear well. Deafness is also known as 'hearing loss'. There were many famous people who were deaf, such as Ludwig van Beethoven and Helen Keller. 

A person is considered to be deaf if they cannot hear the same range of sounds as a person with normal hearing ability. People that cannot hear any sounds are also deaf. People who are partially deaf may hear some sounds and may hear words.

People who cannot hear and understand words well are 'hard of hearing'. And people who cannot hear and speak are called "deaf-mute".


There are different causes of deafness:

Generally, there are two views of deafness:
These categories may overlap.

Liver bird

The Liver birds are two large and famous bronze metal birds on top of a building - the Liver Building - in the city of Liverpool, England. The building has the offices of an insurance organization. The birds are symbol of the city, although no birds really look like this. There are some other similar birds on buildings in Liverpool.

The sound of the end of the word "liver" in the name of the bird is like "driver" not "river". The start of the word Liverpool ("liver") sounds like the word "river". This is a funny play on words.

There is also a British television sitcom with the same name that is about two young women who share a flat in Liverpool. The play on words is increased by a second British slang meaning of the word "bird" to mean young woman.

Many people in Liverpool (known as "Liverpudlians") are proud of their city and of the Liver birds. There is a story that the birds will come alive if a truly pure woman walks between them. This will never happen! This is an example of the humor of the local people.

Demonstration

A demonstration can mean an event where people do something to let others know what they think and to try to change their point of view. It is one kind of protest. Examples of demonstrations include marches, where people walk together, and rallies, where people gather in one place. During a demonstration, the people who are part of it, called "demonstrators", may display placards or other symbols that are easy to see, especially when the protests are being shown on mass media such as news, television, or social networks.

Demonstrations are often made against a government if they do something the people do not want. Because they are meant for many people to be a part of, they are usually considered more successful if more people take part. Demonstration is permitted by international human rights law as the freedom of assembly if done peacefully (meaning there is no violence). However, demonstrations can get out of control and even turn into a riot.

A demonstration can also mean when someone shows how to do something, or in what ways a thing can be used. Salespeople often demonstrate things like computers, cars, and televisions to customers so they can make sure the customer sees all the features of the item. ""Demo"" is short for demonstration, and people often use it to describe this meaning of the word.

Chartist

The Chartists were people who wanted to get more rights for working class people in the mid-19th century. They were called Chartists because they wrote their main aims down in the People's Charter of 1838.

Chartism thus relied on constitutional methods to secure its aims, though some became involved in insurrectionary activities, notably in South Wales and in Yorkshire.


Movie theater

A movie theater or movie theatre, is a place where movies are shown on a big screen. People or "patrons" (the audience) watch movies, usually in chairs inside an auditorium, where the movie is projected with a movie projector onto a large projection screen at the front of the auditorium while the dialogue, sounds and music are played through a number of wall-mounted speakers. A movie theatre is sometimes called a cinema. A theatre with multiple screens commonly is called a "multi-plex" or "mega-plex" (if more than 10 screens). Movie theatres have comfortable chairs. There are different types of formats of a movie theatre.

The first movie theatre was opened to the public on April 23, 1896, in Koster and Bial's Music Hall on 34th Street in New York City. The oldest movie theatre in the world, which is still in action today is the "Kino Pionier" (opened 1907) in Szczecin, Poland. Movie theatres make money from not only movie tickets but from concessions which sell food and drinks (popcorn, candy, soft drinks, etc.). In recent years with the increase of movie rental costs, theatres have become more and more creative about how they make money. New theatres being built include restaurants, party rooms, conference rooms, arcades and more.

1654

1654 was a common year.

The KLF

The KLF were a band from England. They made music from the late 1980s until the early 1990s. A lot of the music they made was pop music or dance music. The band members were two men, Bill Drummond and Jimmy Cauty. Bill Drummond is a musician, singer, and writer from Scotland. Jimmy Cauty is a musician and artist from England. Sometimes they used the names The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, The JAMs and The Timelords as their band name, instead.

The KLF adopted the philosophy based on the series of the esoteric novels "The Illuminatus! Trilogy". 

Monounsaturated fat

A monounsaturated fat is a kind of fat found in foods such as nuts, olives, and avocados. They are the main fat in olive oil. The group contrasts with, on the one hand, unsaturated fats. and on the other hand, polyunsaturated fats.

In general, these fats are considered to be healthier than others. They have the same amount of energy, but they reduce blood cholesterol levels. This reduces the risk to the heart.


Polyunsaturated fat

Polyunsaturated fats are fats that are usually found in items like fatty fish, nuts, and vegetable oils. Such items are typically found to be liquid at room temperature.

Polyunsaturated fats are long-chain organic compounds. Their molecules has more than one double bonds. The structure reduces the strength of the forces between molecules. This causes the items to have a lower melting point. This is why the items are usually liquid at room temperature.




The North Avenue Irregulars

The North Avenue Irregulars is a 1979 movie starring Edward Hermann, Ruth Buzzi, Steven Franken, and Cliff Osmond.

The movie is about a newly installed minister, who entrusts, despite objections by the founding pastors daughter, the churches "sinking fund" money into the hands of a congregate whom he does not even know, with instructions to increase the amount in the fund.

The money is bet on a horse race, and upon hearing this, the Pastor gives the shortest sermon in history and begins a pursuit of the money and the organized crime syndicate, amid the hijinx of assorted feminine members of the congregation in a pursuit of the "money trail".

Candleshoe

Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions live action movie. It stars Jodie Foster as Casey Brown, Helen Hayes as Lady St. Edmund (in her last screen appearance), David Niven as Priory (as well as Colonel Dennis and Mr. Gipping), and Leo McKern as Harry Bundage. Candleshoe is loosely based on the Michael Innes novel "Christmas at Candleshoe".

Hikaru Utada

Hikaru Utada (宇多田ヒカル "Utada Hikaru", born January 19, 1983 in New York City), is a Japanese and American singer and songwriter. Because she was born in the United States, she can speak English perfectly. She is the only child of the 1970s Enka singer Keiko Fuji. Her first Japanese album, "First Love", was very popular. It sold more copies than any other Japanese singer ever. She is also known in the west for singing the theme songs for "Kingdom Hearts" and "Kingdom Hearts II": "Simple and Clean" and "Sanctuary".

When Hikaru was little, she did not want to become a singer. She saw how busy her parents' lives were, and did not want that for herself. When she was 10 years-old, her parents asked her if she wanted to write songs. She did not want to, but tried doing it. She wrote a song called "I'll Be Stronger". During this time, Hikaru went to school in New York. Her classmates were not able to say her name right (Hee-ka-roo) so she shortened it to 'Hikki'. 'Hikki' became Hikaru's nickname. Her fans in Japan call her that. The name is not promoted very much in the United States because it sounds too much like 'hickey'.

In 1996, Hikaru started to record an album, when she was only 13 years old. It was in English. The album was in the R&B style. It was written all by herself. The album was going to be released on the EMI's record company, but since the company fell apart, it was never sold in the United States. A man called Akira Miyake from Japan heard the album, and wanted to release it there. Hikaru agreed, and the album was released in Japan in 1998.

The album sold okay, but it was not until later when Hikaru started to sing Japanese songs that she became famous. Her music still sounded very R&B, but at this point, it sounded more like pop. Her first single, "Automatic / Time Will Tell", reached #2 on the single charts in Japan. A while later, after another single, she released her first Japanese album, "First Love". This sold a very large amount (over 9 million copies) and became the most sold album by a Japanese singer.

Hikaru went on to release two more albums: "Distance" (2001), and "Deep River" (2002). In each album, her style changed slightly. Each album was less R&B, and more pop. In 2004, she released an album made up of all her old single songs. She then released an album in English called "Exodus". "Exodus" was released under the record label Island Def-Jam. It was sold in Japan, the United States, and the United Kingdom. She sang, wrote, and made the music for the whole album herself (except for when she got hip-hop producer Timbaland to help her). The album sold many copies in Japan, but it did not sell that well in the United States. However, many famous people and music critics thought that the album was good (for example, Elton John thought it was interesting).

Hikaru has started to make new Japanese music again, but continued on making all the music herself. Usually, a singer/songwriter will only write the music and the lyrics, but Hikaru decided she wanted to arrange her songs all by herself as well. She released her new album, "Ultra Blue", in mid-2006. Soon after, she went on a tour all across Japan. This is the second time she had ever done this (despite having sung for eight years).



Scramble for Africa

The Scramble for Africa, also called the Race for Africa was a time in history when colonial expansion in Africa became rapid. It lasted from the 1880s until the beginning of World War I. Many European countries started colonies in Africa during this time. This was a new Imperialism. The last half of the 19th century saw a change in the way countries controlled their colonies. In the old imperialism, Europeans only had direct control over small coastal areas. Now they changed from economic control by settlement, to political and military control of the colony's resources. This was seen in the fight for areas that were controlled by European nations. 

Many people became famous for helping European countries find more land in Africa. They included the explorers David Livingstone, Henry Morton Stanley, and Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza as well as the French politician Jules Ferry.

The Berlin Conference (1884 - 1885) tried to end disputes between Great Britain, the French Third Republic, the German Empire, and other European countries. They agreed that "effective occupation" would be the rule for colonial claims. Laws were made for using direct rule on a colony, backed up by military power.


1160s

The 1160s was a decade that began on 1 January 1160 and ended on 31 December 1169.




Seaweed

Seaweed is a term used for several kinds of algae that is endemic to the ocean. Red algae, green algae and brown algae are commonly considered to be seaweed. 

Seaweed gets its energy from photosynthesis, just as plants do.

Two specific environmental requirements are important in seaweed ecology. These are the presence of seawater (or at least brackish water) and the presence of enough light for photosynthesis. 

Another common requirement is a place to attach to. As a result, seaweeds are commonly found near the shore. Within that area, they are found more often on rocky shores than on sand or shingle. Seaweeds occupy a wide range of ecological niches. The highest elevation is only wetted by the tops of sea spray, the lowest is several meters deep. In some areas, seaweeds near the shore can extend several miles out to sea. The limit to how much they grow in such cases is based on how much sunlight there is. The deepest living seaweeds are the various kelps.

A number of species such as "Sargassum" have adapted to a fully planktonic niche and are free-floating, depending on gas-filled sacs to stay afloat.

Others have adapted to live in tidal rock pools. In this niche seaweeds must withstand rapidly changing temperature and salinity (amount of salt) and even occasional drying.

Seaweed has different uses. Sometimes it is farmed or foraged from the wild.

People living on the coast often eat seaweed, especially those in East Asia, such as Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. It is also used in Belize, Peru, the Canadian Maritimes, Scandinavia, Ireland, Wales, Philippines, and Scotland.

Tiwi, Albay residents discovered a new pancit or noodles made from seaweed. These have health benefits. Seaweed is rich in calcium and magnesium and seaweed noodles can be cooked into pancit canton, pancit luglug, spaghetti or carbonara.

In Asia, Zicai (紫菜) (in China), gim (in Korea) and nori (in Japan) are sheets of dried "Porphyra" used in soups or to wrap sushi. "Chondrus crispus" (commonly known as Irish moss or carrageenan moss) is another red alga used in producing various food additives, along with Kappaphycus and various gigartinoid seaweeds. "Porphyra" is a red alga used in Wales to make laver. Laverbread, made from oats and the laver, is a popular dish there. Affectionately called "Dulce" in northern Belize, seaweeds are mixed with milk, nutmeg, cinnamon, and vanilla to make a common beverage.

Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate, agar and carrageenan, gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids. Hydrocolloids have attained commercial significance as food additives. The food industry exploits their gelling, water-retention, emulsifying and other physical properties. Agar is used in foods such as confectionery, meat and poultry products, desserts and beverages and moulded foods. Carrageenan is used in salad dressings and sauces, dietetic foods, and as a preservative in meat and fish products, dairy items and baked goods.

Seaweed is a source of iodine, necessary for thyroid function and to prevent goitre.

Seaweed extract is used in some diet pills. Other seaweed pills exploit the same effect as gastric banding, expanding in the stomach to make the body feel more full.

Seaweed is currently under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol. Seaweed is an ingredient in some toothpaste, cosmetics and paints.

Fairy tale

A fairy tale is an English language expression for a kind of short story. It has the same meaning as the French expression ' or ', the German word ', the Italian ', the Polish ', the Russian ' or the Swedish "". These stories are not all directly about fairies, but they are different from legends and traditions (which usually say that the stories are true) and directly moral stories. 

Fairy tales are usually set during the Middle Ages (but some are more modern) and typically include royalty, knights and fantasy elements such as fairies, goblins, elves, trolls, giants or gnomes and usually magic.

Fairy tales can also mean unusual happiness (for example, the expression "fairy tale ending", meaning a happy ending, even though not all fairy tales have a happy ending). Also, "fairy tale" can simply mean any unbelievable story.

Where demons and witches are seen as real, fairy tales can sometimes be similar to legends, where the story is claimed to be historically true. However, differently from legends and epics, they usually do not specifically mention religion and actual places, people, and events. They also do not say exactly when it happened. Instead, they say that the story happened "once upon a time".

Fairy tales are found in oral form (passed on from mouth to mouth) and in literary form (written down). Fairy tales' histories are hard to find. This is because only written fairy tales can be passed on for a long time. Still, literary works show that there have been fairy tales for thousands of years. Many fairy tales today have are based on very old stories that have appeared, though in different ways, in many different cultures around the world. Fairy tales, and works based on from fairy tales, are still written today.

At first, fairy tales were for both adults and children, but now children are mostly connected with fairy tales. Examples of traditional old fairy tales are "Sleeping Beauty", "Little Red Riding Hood" and "The Three Little Pigs". There can also be new fairy tales written by an author, like "The Little Mermaid" or "Pinocchio". New fairy tales were for example written by Hans Christian Andersen, James Thurber and Oscar Wilde.

People do not agree what a fairy tale exactly is. Some argue that a story with fairies or other magical beings in the story would make it a fairy tale. However, others have suggested that the expression began when the French expression "conte de fées" was being translated (it was first used by Madame D'Aulnoy in 1697). Vladimir Propp criticized the difference between "fairy tales" and "animal tales" in his book "Morphology of the Folktale". He said that many stories had both fantastic qualities and animals. He suggested that fairy tales could be recognized by their story, but this has been criticized, because the same stories can be found in stories that are not fairy tales.

In fact, people such as Stith Thompson point out that there are often more talking animals and magic in fairy tales than fairies. However, just because there is a talking animal in a story does not mean that the story is a fairy tale.

Steven Swann Jones said that fairy tales were different from other sorts of folktales because of magic. Davidson and Chaudri say that "transformation (changing)" is the most important part of a fairy tale.

Some like to use the German expression "Märchen" or "wonder tale" instead of "fairy tale". For example, in his 1977 edition of "The Folktale", Thompson said that fairy tales were "a tale of some length involving a succession of motifs or episodes. It moves in an unreal world without definite locality or definite creatures and is filled with the marvelous. In this never-never land, humble heroes kill adversaries (enemies), succeed to kingdoms and marry princesses." The characters and motifs of fairy tales are simple: princesses and girls taking care of geese; youngest sons and brave princes; ogres, giants, dragons, and trolls; wicked stepmothers and false heroes; fairy godmothers and other magic helpers, often talking horses, or foxes, or birds; rules, and people breaking rules. 

Fairy tales were passed down by speaking of it from person to person before writing was developed. Stories were told or acted out dramatically. Because of this, the history of fairy tales is not very clear. The oldest written fairy tales we know are from ancient Egypt, around 1300 BC. There are sometimes fairy tales in written literature in different cultures, such as "The Golden Ass", which includes "Cupid and Psyche" (Roman, 100–200 AD). They show that fairy tales were told from very long ago.



Game show

A game show is a reality television program where people play a game for points, with the goal of winning money or prizes. Different game shows use different games. Most test the players' knowledge, skill, or cleverness. Many game shows incorporate some element of chance; for example, in "Wheel of Fortune", contestants spin a wheel to determine how much prize money they will get for a correct letter. 

Some game shows have the contestants compete against other individual contestants; other game shows group contestants into teams. Some game shows have regular people as the contestants. Other game shows have celebrities such as movie actors or musicians as the contestants. 

Many game shows air on the Game Show Network. 

The first game shows were on radio.

Game shows often reward people with money, holidays, or cars. These prizes are often given by the people or group of people that give the game show money to run. The people who give the game show money to run are called sponsors. 

Examples of game shows include: 


Genre

"For the game genre, check" "List of video game genres."

A genre (from ) is a style or type of music, literature, movies, or other media.

Some genres (styles) are used in more than one form of art or communication. For example, the genres fantasy and science fiction are used in literature, movies, and television.


A subgenre is a subordinate within a genre. Two stories being the same genre can still sometimes differ in subgenre. For example, if a fantasy story has darker and more frightening elements of fantasy, it would belong in the subgenre of dark fantasy; whereas another fantasy story that features magic swords and wizards would belong to the subgenre of sword and sorcery.

Kristy Swanson

Renee Kristen "Kristy" Swanson (born December 19, 1969) is an American actress. She is best known for playing the main character in the movie "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". She has also starred in the movie "Flowers in the Attic" as well as many movies and television programs.

Octopus

Octopus is a genus of cephalopod mollusc in the order Octopoda. The genus is quite typical of most octopods. They have two, large eyes and eight limbs with suckers. They have a hard beak, with the mouth at the center point of the arms.

Octopods have no internal or external skeleton, allowing them to squeeze through tight places and hide. Many stay in cracks between rocks or corals when they are not hunting. They are intelligent predators with a taste for crabs.

Octopods inhabit many regions of the ocean, especially coral reefs. For defense against predators, they hide, flee quickly, expel ink, or use colour-changing camouflage. They live rather short lives.

An octopus trails its eight arms behind it as it swims. All octopods are venomous, but only the small blue-ringed octopus is known to be deadly to humans.

There are about 300 octopod species, of which more than 100 are in the genus "Octopus". Octopods make up over one-third of the total number of living cephalopods. The term 'octopus' may be used to refer to those in the genus "Octopus". The term 'octopod' is correct for members of the order Octopoda in general.

Octopods, like other advanced cephalopods, can edit their genome. They can adapt the nucleic acid sequence of the primary transcript of RNA molecules, more so than any other organisms. More than 60% of RNA transcripts for coleoid brains are recoded by editing, compared to less than 1% for a human or fruit fly. This has come at the cost of slower genome evolution.

Unlike most other cephalopods, most octopods have only soft body with no internal skeleton. They have no protective outer shell like the nautilus, which is another type of cephalopod.
A beak, similar in shape to a parrot's beak, is their only hard part.

Because of this, it is very easy for an octopus to squeeze through very narrow openings between rocks, for example squeezing through a hole as big as its eye.

Octopod eyes are complex. In fact, they do not have a blind spot. A "blind spot" is a special place in the eyes that is not able to sense light. So, when we look somewhere, part of what is there is not actually perceived (the brain 'fills in' so we do not notice). However, an octopus does not have this problem.

The lens in octopod are movable. It moves back and forth to focus. This is the way a camera focuses. When a camera focuses on an object to take a picture, the lens moves back and forth until the image that the camera sees is in the right focus.

Some octopuses can use their chromatophores for more than camouflage. If they are not blending in with their surroundings, they can signal their feelings using colour. When they are relaxed, for example, they are a dull, grayish brown or orange-tinged colour. When they become angry, they can become red. If they feel scared, they may turn white.

Octopods are highly intelligent, probably more so than any other invertebrate. The exact extent of their intelligence and learning capability is much debated among biologists. Maze and problem-solving experiments have shown that they do have both short and long-term memory. Their short lifespans limit the amount they can learn.

Some octopods, such as the mimic octopus, can move their arms in ways which copy the movements of other sea creatures.

In laboratory experiments, octopuses can be readily trained to distinguish between different shapes and patterns. They have been seen in what some have described as play: repeatedly releasing bottles or toys into a circular current in their aquariums and then catching them. Octopuses often break out of their aquaria and sometimes into others in search of food.

The largest of the 300+ species of octopods, the giant octopus "Enteroctopus", is large indeed. Mature males average about 50 pounds and females about 33 pounds. Their arm spans are about eight feet. They have even boarded fishing boats and opened holds to get in and eat crabs.

In the UK, cephalopods such as octopuses are regarded as "honorary vertebrates" under the "Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986". This gives them protection not normally given to invertebrates.

Octopods are the only invertebrate which have been definitely shown to use tools. At least four specimens of the veined octopus ("Amphioctopus marginatus") have been seen picking up discarded coconut shells, and then reassembling them to use as shelter.

Octopods are active and intelligent predators, with good eyesight and brains. They eat mostly crabs and some fish.

Octopods have a variety of defences. They use active camouflage and mimicry, controlled by their nervous system. Most can eject black ink clouds to help escape, and some can shed an arm in extreme danger. It wriggles, and attracts the attacker.

To reproduce, males use a specialized arm to put packets of sperm into the female's mantle cavity. Males die in a few months after mating. In some species, the female octopus can keep the sperm alive inside her for weeks until her eggs mature.

After they have been fertilized, the female lays about 200,000 eggs (this figure varies dramatically between species). The female cares for the eggs, guarding them against predators, and gently blows currents of water over them so they get enough oxygen. The female does not hunt during the one-month period spent taking care of the unhatched eggs, and may ingest some of her own arms for sustenance.

At around the time the eggs hatch, the mother leaves the lair and is too weak to defend herself from predators like cod, often succumbing to their attacks. The young larval octopuses spend time drifting in clouds of plankton, where they feed until they are ready to descend to the ocean bottom, where the cycle repeats.

All octopods for which we have data have a relatively short life expectancy. Some species live for as little as six months. Larger species, such as the North Pacific giant octopus, may live for up to five years under suitable circumstances.

"Reproduction is a cause of death": males can only live for a few months after mating, and females die shortly after their eggs hatch. They neglect to eat during the (roughly) one-month period spent taking care of their unhatched eggs, but apparently they do not die of starvation. A biological explanation of these short lifespans (or rapid ageing) is not agreed at present. One idea is that the lifespan is limited by the number of safe niches in their environment. If adults lived longer, they would use up all the safe niches. In that case, the baby octopus would scarcely survive. It is known that the same niches are used by generations of octopods. They are usually in the calcium carbonate reefs which were formed in tropical waters.

Off the coast of California, marine biologists have watched the same female octopus guarding her eggs for over four years. Their development took a long time because the water 1.4 kilometres down was very cold. They knew it was the same octopod because it had a characteristic scar. The research was done using a remote diving vehicle with cameras, lights and robotic arms.

Byzantine Empire

The Byzantine Empire, also referred to as the Eastern Roman Empire, was the continuation of the Roman Empire primarily in its eastern provinces that survived into the Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages. The capital of the empire was Constantinople. It survived the fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD and continued to exist until the fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire in 1453. During most of its existence, the empire remained the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in the Mediterranean world. Its citizens continued to refer to their empire as the Roman Empire and to themselves as Romans, a term which Greeks continued to use for themselves into Ottoman times. Modern historians distinguish the Byzantine Empire from the earlier Roman Empire due to the imperial seat moving from Rome to Byzantium, the Empire's integration of Christianity , and the predominance of Greek instead of Latin.

During the high period of the Roman Empire known as the Pax Romana, the western parts of the empire went through Latinization, while the eastern parts of the empire maintained to a large degree their Helenistic culture. Several events from the 4th to 6th centuries mark the period of transition during which the Roman Empire's Greek East and Latin West diverged. Constantine I (r. 324–337) reorganised the empire, made Constantinople the capital, and legalised Christianity. Under Theodosius I (r. 379–395), Christianity became the state relegion, and other religious practices were proscribed. In the reign of Heraclius (r. 610–641), the empire's military and administration were restructured and Greek was gradually adopted for official use in place of Latin.

The borders of the empire fluctuated through several cycles of decline and recovery. During the reign of Justinian I (r. 527–565), the empire reached its greatest extent after the fall of the west, reconquering much of the historically Roman western Mediterranean coast, including Africa, Italy, and Rome, which it held for two more centuries. The Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628 exhausted the empire's resources, and during the early Muslim conquests of the 7th century, it lost its richest provinces—Egypt and Syria—to the Rashidun Caliphate. It then lost Africa to the Umayyads in 698, before the empire was stabilized by the Isaurian dynasty.

During the Macedonian dynasty (9th–11th centuries), the empire expanded again and experienced the two-century-long Macedonian Renaissance, which came to an end with the defeat by the Seljuk Turks at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. Civil wars and the ensuing Seljuk invasion led to the loss of most of Asia Minor. The empire recovered during the Komnenian restoration, and up until the Fourth Crusade, Constantinople was the largest and wealthiest city in Europe.

The empire was first dissolved during the Fourth Crusade in 1204, when Constantinople was sacked by the Latins and the territories that the empire formerly governed were divided into competing Byzantine Greek and Latin realms. Despite the eventual recovery of Constantinople in 1261, the Byzantine Empire remained a mere regional power for the final two centuries of its existence. Its remaining territories were progressively annexed by the Ottomans in the Byzantine–Ottoman wars over the 14th and 15th centuries.

The fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire in 1453 marked the end of the Byzantine Empire. Refugees fleeing the city after its capture would settle in Italy and other parts of Europe, helping to ignite the Renaissance. The Empire of Trebizond was conquered eight years later when its eponymous capital surrendered to Ottoman forces after it was besieged in 1461. The fall of the Byzantine Empire to the Ottomans is sometimes used to mark the end of the Middle Ages and the start of the early modern period.

The Byzantine Empire did not get that name until a century after its fall. The empire was known at the time as the following:

In 324, Roman Emperor Constantine I moved the capital of the Roman Empire from Rome to the Greek city of "Byzantium", which he renamed Constantinople. By the 5th century, the Roman Empire had lost its territories in the west, and the Western Roman Empire had been taken over by Germanic peoples during the Migration period. The surviving parts of the Roman Empire became known as the Eastern Roman Empire and is now called the Byzantine Empire.

The Eastern Roman Empire tried to take back Rome and the rest of Italian Peninsula from the Germanic peoples. Between 530 and 555 AD, the Byzantine Greeks won many battles and took back Rome.

The Byzantines controlled Rome for a long time. Eventually, more Germanic peoples came, and Italy was lost again. Later, Avars and Slavs took parts of Southeast Europe from the Byzantines. After the 560s, invaders slowly conquered the Balkans except for parts of modern Greece and Albania. Bulgars from the steppes formed the First Bulgarian Empire north of the Byzantine Empire. At first, both the Avars and the Bulgars were Turkic peoples. They ruled over the Slavic people, who were called "Sklavinai", and slowly absorbed the Slavic language and culture.

After Rome had been captured by the Germanic peoples, the Eastern Roman Empire continued to control what is now Egypt, Greece, Palestine, Syria and Turkey. However, another empire, known as the Persian or the Sassanid Empire, tried to take the lands for itself. Between 224 and 628, the Greco-Romans and the Persians fought many battles, and many men were killed in the fighting. Eventually, the Persians were defeated in 627 by Emperor Heraclius in what is now Iraq, near the ancient city of Nineveh, which allowed the Byzantines to keep those lands.

The centuries-long struggle between the Byzantines and the Persians shaped the political and religious landscape of the Middle East, leaving behind a complex legacy that continues to influence the region today.

Then, another enemy appeared, the Arabs. The Byzantines did not have much money to spend on war because of their battles with the Persians and so they could not withstand the Arabs. Palestine, Syria and Egypt were lost between 635 and 645 by Heraclius. However, the Byzantines defended Asia Minor (now in Turkey), and the Arab advance stopped there. Heraclius ordered the use of Greek as the only language of the empire, erased forever the name "Eastern Roman Empire" and cut the last links with Rome.

In 718, the Arabs were defeated but left the Byzantines very weak. In the west, the Byzantines fought the Bulgarians many times. Some battles were successful, but others were not. Many emperors died fighting. Over time, the Byzantine Empire weakened as it lost land to outside invaders.

Between 1007 and 1014, Emperor Basil II ambitiously attacked Bulgaria many times and eventually won a great victory. Later, he fully recaptured Greece and recovered it for the empire. He then went on to take over Bulgaria, which was fully conquered in 1018.

In the east, the Arabs once again became a threat to the Byzantines. However, Basil II kept attacking and won many more victories. Much of Syria was restored to the empire, and Turkey and Armenia were secured. After 1025, the Arabs were no longer a threat to the Byzantines.

After Basil II died, many unskilled emperors came to the throne, wasted the empire's money and reduced its army. This meant that it could not defend itself well against enemies if they attacked. Later, the Byzantines relied on mercenaries, soldiers who fought for money, not for their country. That made them less loyal and reliable and more expensive. The mercenaries allowed military generals to come to power and to grab it from the elaborate bureaucracy, a system of administration in which tasks are divided by departments.

A large number of people, known as the Turks, rode on horseback from Central Asia and attacked the Byzantine Empire. The Seljuk Empire took most of Anatolia from the Byzantines by 1091. However, they received help from people in Western Europe in what is known as the First Crusade. Many knights and soldiers left to help the Byzantines and to secure Jerusalem for the Christians. The city wad then controlled by the Muslims.

The Byzantine Empire survived and, with the help of the European empires, took back half of Anatolia from the Turks, who managed to hold the other half of the region. The Byzantines survived due to three primarily good emperors in a row, that allowed the empire to recover from their recent conflicts.

The next few emperors ruled poorly and spent much of the existing treasury on many mercenary soldiers.

In the west, the Western Europeans betrayed the Byzantines and attacked their capital, Constantinople in in 1204. The Byzantines did not take it back until 1261. They were then divided into many smaller Greek states, which fought one another for control.

After the Byzantines had taken back Constantinople, they were too busy fighting the Europeans who had betrayed them and so they could not find enough soldiers or money to fight the Turks' new Ottoman Empire. All of Asia Minor had been lost by 1331, and in 1369, the Turks crossed over from Turkey and into Greece. They took over much of Greece between 1354 and 1450.

The Byzantines lost so much land, money and soldiers that they became very weak and begged for help from the Western Europeans. Italy and the Pope sent soldiers and ships to help the Byzantines when the Turks attacked Constantinople in April 1453. The Byzantines were badly outnumbered, however, and the walls of Constantinople were very damaged by cannons used by the Turks. In late May 1453, the Turks captured Constantinople by entering through one of the gates along the walls, and the empire came to an end.

The city was plundered for three days. In the end, the people who had not been able to escape was deported to Edirne, Bursa and other Ottoman cities. There was nobody in the city except for the Jews of Balat and the Genoese of Pera. Constantinople was later renamed Istanbul and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire. After the empire fell in the 1900s, the Turkish capital was moved to Ankara, a city in Asia Minor.

The Byzantines had many achievements:




Guqin

The literally "ancient stringed-instrument" is the modern name for a plucked seven-string Chinese musical instrument of the zither family. It has been played since ancient times, and has traditionally been favored by educated people as an instrument of great beauty and refinement. 

Traditionally the instrument was called simply qin, but by the 20th century the term had come to be used on many other musical instruments as well (for example, the "yangqin" hammered dulcimer, the "huqin" family of bowed string instruments, and the Western piano), so the prefix "gu-" (meaning "ancient") was added for clarification. It can also be called qixianqin ("seven-stringed instrument"). The guqin is not to be confused with the "guzheng", another Chinese long zither also without frets, but with moveable bridges under each string. Because Robert Hans van Gulik's famous book about the qin is called "The Lore of the Chinese Lute", the qin is sometimes inaccurately called a lute. Other incorrect classifications (mainly from music CDs) include "harp" or "table-harp". Other Western nicknames for the guqin include "Chinese guitar" and "Chinaman's harp".

The qin is a very quiet instrument, with a range of about four octaves, and its open strings are tuned in the bass register (its lowest pitch is about two octaves below middle C, or the lowest note on the cello). Sounds are produced by plucking open strings, stopped strings, and harmonics. Stopped sounds are special for the variety of slides and ornaments used, and the use of glissando (sliding tones) gives it a sound similar to a pizzicato cello or fretless bass guitar. Extended sections in music scores consisting entirely of harmonics are common. This is made possible because the 91 indicated harmonic positions allow great flexibility; early tablature shows that even more harmonic positions were used in the past. By tradition the qin originally had five strings, but ancient qin-like instruments with 10 or more strings have been found. The modern form has been standardized for about two thousand years.

Legend has it that the qin has a history of about 5,000 years and that the legendary people of China's pre-history; Fuxi, Shennong and Huang Di (the Yellow Emperor), were involved in its creation. It is mentioned in Chinese writings dating back nearly 3,000 years, and related instruments have been found in tombs from about 2,500 years ago. Chinese tradition says the qin originally had five strings, but then two were added about 1,000 BCE, making seven.

Based on the detailed description in the poetic essay "Qin Fu" by Xi Kang / Ji Kang (223–262), the form of the qin that is recognizable today was most likely set around the late Han Dynasty (206 BC - 220 AD). The earliest surviving qin in this modern form, preserved in both Japan and China, have been dated to the Tang Dynasty (618-907). Many are still playable, the most famous perhaps being the one named "Jiuxiao Huanpei" , said to have been made by the famous late Tang dynasty qin maker Lei Wei. It is kept in the Forbidden City Museum in Beijing.

According to Robert Temple, the qin played an important part in the gaining the first understanding of music timbre for the Chinese. He said that "the Chinese understanding of the nature of sound as vibration was much increased by studying the production of timbre on the strings of the "ch'in"." This understanding of timbre, overtones and higher harmonics eventually led the Chinese to discover equal temperament in music.

In 1977, a recording of "Liu Shui" (Flowing Water, as performed by Guan Pinghu, one of the best qin players of the 20th century) was chosen to be included in the Voyager Golden Record, a gold-plated LP recording containing music from around the world, which was sent into outer space by NASA on the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecrafts. It is the longest music track included on the disc. In 2003, guqin music was proclaimed one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.

Because of the difference in geography in China, many qin schools known as "qin pai" developed over the centuries. Such schools generally formed around areas where qin activity was greatest.

The main schools are: 

Most qin schools and groups are in China. During the 20th century some societies began in other countries. Qin study was confined to China in ancient times. Today countries like Japan also have their own qin small traditions. The Tokyo Qin Society was recently founded. Japan has published a "qinpu" (qin tablature collection) in the past, known as "Toukou Kinpu" or "Donggao Qinpu" .

There have been many players throughout the ages. The instrument was a favourite of the scholars, so many artists played it. Some famous players are also associated with some melodies, like Confucius and Qu Yuan.

Historical:


Classical books such as "Qin Shi", "Qinshi Bu" and "Qinshi Xu" have biographies of hundreds of more players.

The beauty of qin melodies comes not only from the melodies themselves, but from the variation a player can apply to the individual tones and their combinations. The rich tones of the qin can be categorised as three distinctively different "sounds." The first is "san yin", which means "scattered sounds." This meant simply pluck the required string to sound an open note. The second is "fan yin" , or "floating sounds." These are harmonics, and the player simply lightly touches the string with one or more fingers of the left hand at a position indicated by the white "hui" dots, pluck and then lift, creating a crisp and clear sound ringing sound. The third is "an yin" , or "stopped sounds." This forms the majority of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it touches with the surface board, then pluck. Afterwards, the hand can slide up and down, thereby changing the pitch.

When plucking the strings, it is not required to attach fake-nails on one's fingers. Players will often leave their fingernails long, and cut them into an rounded shape. The length is subjective and will depend on the player's preference, but it is usually around 3-4mm from the finger tip. If it is too short, then the finger tip will deaden the sound as it touches the string after the nail has plucked it. If it is too long then the fingers can make playing difficult. Generally, the nails of the right hand are kept long, whilst the nails of the left are cut short, so as to be able to press on the strings without difficulty.

There are eight basic right hand finger techniques: "pi" (thumb pluck outwards), "tuo" (thumb pluck inwards), "mo" (index in), "tiao" (index out), "gou" (middle in), "ti" (middle out), "da" (ring in), and "zhai" 〉 (ring out); the little finger is not used. Out of these basic eight, their combinations create many more. "Cuo" is to pluck two strings at the same time, "lun" is to pluck a string with the ring, middle and index finger out in quick succession, the "suo" technique involves plucking a string several times in a fixed rhythm, "bo" cups the fingers and strums two strings at the same time, and "gun fu" is to create a sequence of sounds by running up and down the strings continuously with the index and middle fingers. 

Left hand techniques start from the simple pressing down on the string (mostly with the thumb between the flesh and nail, and the ring finger), sliding up or down to the next note ("shang" and "xia" ), to vibrati by swaying the hand ("yin" and "nao" , there are as many as 15 plus different forms of vibrato), plucking the string with the thumb whilst the ring finger stops the string at the lower position ("qiaqi" ), hammering on a string using the thumb ("yan" ), to more difficult techniques such as pressing on several strings at the same time.

Techniques executed by both hands together are more difficult to achieve, for example, "qia cuo san sheng" (a combination of hammering on and off then plucking two strings, then repeating), to more exciting forms, like pressing of all seven strings with the left, then strumming all the strings with the right, then the left hand quickly moves up the qin, creating a rolling sound like a bucket of water being thrown in a deep pool of water (this technique is used in the Shu style of "Liu Shui" to copy the sound of water).

In order to master the qin, there are in excess of 50 different techniques that must be mastered. Even the most commonly used (such as "tiao") are difficult to get right without proper instruction from a teacher.

Written qin music did not directly tell what notes were played like many other musical instruments; instead, it was written in a tablature detailing tuning, finger positions, and plucking technique, thus made up of a step by step method and description of how to play a piece. Some tablatures do indicate notes using the "gongche" notation system, or indicate rhythm using dots.

The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the 12th century CE. An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript, dated to the 7th century CE, called "Jieshi Diao: You Lan" (Solitary Orchid, in Stone Tablet Mode). It is written in a longhand form called "wenzi pu" (literally "written notation"), which gives all the details using ordinary written Chinese characters. Later in the Tang dynasty, Cao Rou and others simplified the notation, using only the important elements of the characters (like string number, plucking technique, "hui" number and which finger to stop the string) and combined them into one character notation. This meant that instead of having two lines of written text to describe a few notes, a single character could represent one note, or sometimes as many as nine. This notation form was called "jianzi pu" (literally "reduced notation") and it was a great step forward for recording qin scores. It was so successful that from the Ming dynasty (1368-1644) onwards, a lot of qinpu (qin tablature collections) appeared, the most famous and useful being "Shenqi Mipu" (The Mysterious and Marvellous Tablature) compiled by Zhu Quan, the 17th son of the founder of the Ming dynasty. In the 1960s, Zha Fuxi discovered more than 130 qinpu that contain well over 3360 pieces of written music.

Existing qinpu generally come from private collections or in public libraries throughout China. Those that are available for public purchase are photographic copies printed and bound in the traditional Chinese bookbinding process. More modern qinpu tend to be bound in the normal Western way on modern paper. The format uses qin notation with staff notation and/or "jianpu" notation.

Qin pieces are usually around three to eight minutes in length, with the longest being "Guangling San" , which is 22 minutes long. Other famous pieces include "Liu Shui" (Flowing Water), "Yangguan San Die" (Three Refrains on the Yang Pass Theme), "Meihua San Nong" (Three Variations on the Plum Blossom Theme), "Xiao Xiang Shui Yun" (Mist and Clouds over the Xiao and Xiang Rivers), and "Pingsha Luo Yan" (Wild Geese Descending on the Sandbank). The average player can generally play around ten pieces from memory which they will aim to play very well, learning new pieces as and when they feel like it. Players mainly learn popular well studied versions, often using a recording as a reference. In addition to learning to play established or ancient pieces very well, highly skilled qin players may also compose or improvise, although the player must be very good and extremely familiar with the instrument to be successful at it.

Dapu is the conversion of old tablature into a playable form. This can be used to create new music as well as to reconstruct the ancient melodies. Since qin tablature does not indicate note value, tempo or rhythm, the player must work it out for him/herself. Normally, qin players will learn the rhythm of a piece through a teacher. They sit facing one another, with the student copying the master. The tablature will only be looked at if the teacher is not sure of how to play a certain part. Because of this, traditional qinpu do not indicate them. If one did not have a teacher, then one had to work out the rhythm by themselves. But it would be a mistake to say that qin music has no rhythm or melody. By the 20th century, there had been attempts to try to replace the shorthand notation, but so far, it has been unsuccessful; since the 20th century, qin music is generally printed with staff notation above the qin tablature. Because qin tablature is so useful, logical, easy, and the fastest way (once the performer knows how to read the notation) of learning a piece, it is invaluable to the qin player and cannot totally be replaced. There are two views of how to best use dapu: one is to use it to create new music, and the other is to use it to reconstruct the way the original music was played.

According to tradition, the qin originally had five strings, representing the five elements of metal, wood, water, fire and earth. Later, in the Zhou dynasty, Zhou Wen Wang added a sixth string to mourn his son, Bo Yihou . His successor, Zhou Wu Wang, added a seventh string to motivate his troops into battle with the Shang. The thirteen "hui" on the surface represent the 13 months of the year (the extra 13th is the 'leap month' in the lunar calendar). The surface board is round to represent Heaven and the bottom board flat to represent earth. The entire length of the qin (in Chinese measurements) is 3 feet, 6.5 inches, representing the 365 days of the year (though this is just a standard since qins can be shorter or longer depending on the period's measurement standard or the maker's preference). Each part of the qin has meaning, some more obvious, like "dragon pool" and "phoenix pond" .

The sound chamber of the qin is constructed with two boards of wood, typically of differing wood types. The slightly rounded top board (soundboard) is usually made of "tong" wood , the Chinese parasol tree, or Chinese paulownia. The bottom board is made of "zi mu" catalpa ("Catalpa ovata") or, more recently, "nan mu" camphor wood ("Machilus nanmu"). The wood must be well aged, that is, the sap and moisture must be removed (of the top board wood). If sap remains then the sound will not be clear and, as the moisture evaporates, the wood will warp and crack. Some makers use old wood to construct qins because most of the sap and moisture has been removed naturally by time (old "shan mu" , Chinese Cunninghamia or Japanese Cryptomeria, is often used for creating modern qins). Some go to lengths to obtain extremely ancient wood, such as that from Han dynasty tomb structures or coffins. Although such wood is very dry, it is not necessarily the best since it may be infected with wood worm or be of a bad quality or type. Many modern qins made out of new "tong" wood (such as those made by Zeng Chengwei) can be better than the quality of antique qins.

There are two sound holes in the bottom board, as the playing techniques of the qin employ the entire surface of the top board which is curved / humped. The inside of the top board is hollowed out to a degree. Inside the qin, there are 'nayin' sound absorbers, and a 'tian chu' and 'di chu' soundposts that connect the bottom board to the top. The boards are joined using bamboo nails. Lacquer from the Chinese lacquer tree ("Rhus vernicifera") is then applied to the surfaces of the qin, mixed with various types of powder, the most common being "lujiao shuang" , the remains of deer antler after the glue has been removed. Often, ceramic powder is used instead of deer antler powder, but the quality is not as good. After the lacquer has dried (a qin will need several layers), the surface will be polished using oil stones. At the head end of the instrument is the "yue shan" or bridge, and at the other end is the "long yin" (dragon's gums) or nut. There are 13 circular mother-of-pearl inlays which mark the harmonic positions, as well as a reference point to note position, called "hui" ("insignia").

Until the Cultural Revolution, the guqin's strings were always made of various thicknesses of twisted silk, but since then most players use modern nylon-flatwound steel strings . This was partly due to the scarcity of high quality silk strings and partly due to the newer strings' greater durability and louder tone.

Silk strings are made by gathering a prescribed number of strands of silk thread, then twisting them tightly together. The twisted cord of strings is then wrapped around a frame and immersed in a vat of liquid of natural glue that binds the strands together. The strings are taken out and left to dry, before being cut into the appropriate length. The top thicker strings (i.e. strings one to four) are further wrapped in a thin silk thread, coiled around the core to make it smoother.

Recently in China, production of very good quality silk strings has resumed and more players are beginning to use them. Although most contemporary players use nylon-wrapped metal strings, some argue that nylon-wrapped metal strings cannot replace silk strings for their refinement of tone. Furthermore, it is the case that nylon-wrapped metal strings can cause damage to the wood of old qins. Many traditionalists feel that the sound of the fingers of the left hand sliding on the strings to be a distinctive feature of qin music. The modern nylon-wrapped metal strings were very smooth in the past, but are now slightly modified in order to capture these sliding sounds.

To string a qin, one traditionally had to tie a butterfly knot ("shengtou jie" ) at one end of the string, and slip the string through the twisted cord ("rongkou" ) which goes into holes at the head of the qin and then out the bottom through the tuning pegs ("zhen" ). The string is dragged over the bridge ("yueshan" ), across the surface board, over the nut ("longyin" dragon gums) to the back of the qin, where the end is wrapped around two legs ("fengzu" "phoenix feet" or "yanzu" "geese feet"). Afterwards, the strings are fine tuned using the tuning pegs. The most common tuning, "zheng diao" , is pentatonic: 1245612 in the traditional Chinese number system or "jianpu" . Today this is generally interpreted to mean C D F G A c d, but this should be considered do re fa so la do re, since historically the qin was not tuned to absolute pitch. In fact the same tuning can also be considered as 5612356 when the third string is played as do. Thus, except when accompanied by other instruments, only the pitch relations between the seven strings needs to be accurate. Other tunings are achieved by adjusting the tension of the strings using the tuning pegs at the head end. Thus "manjiao diao" (slackened third string) gives 1235612 and "ruibin diao" (raised fifth string) gives 1245712, which is transposed to 2356123.

The guqin is nearly always used a solo single instrument, as its quietness of tone means that it cannot be heard over the sounds of most other instruments or an ensemble. It can, however, be played together with a "xiao" (end-blown bamboo flute), with other qin, or played while singing. In old times, the "se" (a long zither with movable bridges and 25 strings, similar to the Japanese koto) was frequently used in duets with the qin.

In order for an instrument to accompany the qin, its sound must be mellow and not overwhelm the qin. Thus, the "xiao" generally used for this purpose is one pitched in the key of F, known as "qin xiao", which is narrower than an ordinary "xiao". If one sings to qin songs (which is rare nowadays) then one should not sing in an operatic or folk style as is common in China, but rather in a very low pitched and deep way; and the range in which one should sing should not exceed one and a half octaves. The style of singing is similar to that used to recite Tang poetry. To enjoy qin songs, one must learn to become accustomed to the strange style some players may sing their songs to.

Traditionally, the qin was played in a quiet studio or room by oneself, or with a few friends; or played outdoors in places of outstanding natural beauty. Nowadays, many qin players perform at concerts in large concert halls, almost always, out of necessity, using electronic pickups or microphones to amplify the sound. Many qin players attend yaji ( literally "elegant gatherings"), at which a number of qin players, music lovers, or anyone with an interest in Chinese culture can come along to discuss and play the qin.

Chinese books on qin:


English books on qin:



Qin society sites

General Qin sites

Other specialist Qin sites

Sites with music samples

Ripuarian

Ripuarian may refer to:



Vandal

Vandal can mean several things:

São Paulo (state)

São Paulo (Portuguese: Saint Paul) is a state in the Southeast Region of Brazil. Its capital city is called São Paulo too.

São Paulo is located in the South Region of Brazil, with an area of . (For comparison, the state of Oregon in the United States of America has an area of , but has a much smaller population).

It borders the state of Minas Gerais to the north, the state of Rio de Janeiro and the Atlantic Ocean to the east, the state of Paraná to the south and state of Mato Grosso do Sul to the west.

The capital of São Paulo is the city of São Paulo.

São Paulo is the state in Brazil with the highest economical output.

It has the second highest per capita income of Brazil, second only to the Brazilian Federal District, where the federal capital Brasília is located.

With the states of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul it shares the highest standard of living in Brazil, despite of pockets of extreme poverty in the favelas (slums) in its largest cities.

The robust economy of São Paulo is based in industrial production, to include automobile and aviation, agriculture, services and tourism.

São Paulo is the Brazilian state with the largest population and also is the most ethnically diverse.

Portuguese, Italian, Spanish, Arab, Japanese and other people chose São Paulo as their home, due to its thriving economy.

Also migrants from other poorer Brazilian states (especially from the Northeast Region) come to São Paulo in search of a better life. Because there are not enough jobs, these people usually have to go back to their states, where there are even less jobs.

São Paulo is the state in Brazil with the largest and most efficient transportation system.

The city of São Paulo relies on underground train and also suburban at-grade rail systems. City buses complement the public transportation system.

Air traffic is the busiest of all Brazil.

Harbors along the state's ocean front receive and ship a great share of Brazil's export and import goods.

São Paulo is a vibrant place when it comes to sports. Football (soccer) is king but the state has human resources and facilities to produce some of the best athletes in the world in many other fields.

The state has many professional soccer clubs but also volleyball has found a niche here.

Auto racing is a staple of the paulista's way of life. The state has produced several racing drivers that have attained international fame.

São Paulo, Campinas, Guarulhos, Osasco, Ribeirão Preto, Santo André, Santos, São Bernardo do Campo, São Carlos, São José dos Campos and Sorocaba.


Trolley

A trolley is a small vehicle with wheels that can carry things. People can push trolleys.

There are different kind of trolleys. There are shopping trolleys which are used in supermarkets and other large stores with self-service. In American English these are called shopping carts. Customers can put things they want to buy in the trolley and then pay for everything at the checkout. Usually they are then allowed to wheel the trolley with the things they have bought out to their car.

Sometimes the customers have to pay a small deposit when collecting a trolley. The trolleys are chained together. The customer puts in a coin (in Britain a £1 coin) which he can have back again when he parks the trolley back in the trolley chain.

Trolleys are used in airports and some large railway stations for passengers to carry their luggage. Deposits are not refundable. 

A trolley can also be a tea-trolley. This is a small trolley used traditionally in the house for plates, cups, saucers and sandwiches and cakes for afternoon tea. Tea-trolleys are also used in hospitals and offices to take cups of tea and coffee to people.

In American English "trolley" can be used to mean a tram (or streetcar). This is not to be confused with a trolleybus which is a bus which uses electricity from an overhead cable (like a tram).

Abuse

Abuse might mean: 


Mutant (Marvel Comics)

A mutant is a type of fictional character in a fictional universe created by Marvel Comics. In this world, mutants can be either heroes or villains. A mutant is someone who has different DNA than its parents. These mutations often lead to superpowers. They may also cause physical changes such as wings, blue skin, or a tail.

Mutants were created in the Marvel Universe in the 1960s with the comic book "The X-Men". It was a way for them to tell stories that dealt with racism. Racism, hatred and fear of mutants are an important part of their history . Two main teams of mutants have been around since the 1960s: The X-Men (heroes) and the Brotherhood of Mutants (villains).

Sometimes a human is born with a certain kind of DNA change. This "X-GENE" is passed to their children. This genetic change may not create any noticeable difference. It could pass for generations without anyone knowing about it.

Mutants may be born to human or mutant parents, though the odds of a mutant birth are much better for the latter. Likewise, it is rare but possible for mutant parents to have human children, termed "baseline" by characters within the Marvel Universe. Some baseline humans are genetically predisposed towards having mutant descendants such as the Guthrie family (see Cannonball, Husk, and Icarus). Mutant children born to mutant parent(s) will not necessarily have the same power(s) as their parent(s), nor will they necessarily have the same power(s) as any mutant siblings they may have; however, examples of children with the same power(s) as their parents and/or siblings are not uncommon.

There is, however, a chance that mutants may not even be able to reproduce a child at all. The Hayes (Runaways), telepathic mutant doctors, were unsure their mutant heritage could even produce a child; it did, however, take them several years to finally have a child: Molly Hayes.

Marvel's mutants are classified by their level of power.


Note: Only Alpha and Omega have actually been used as classification within comics. The other ranks were created by fans. 

The X-Men were created in the 1960s during a time of civil unrest in the United States. The characters allowed the writer to write stories that showed racism and bigotry without singling out a specific minority.

By classifying Mutants as they did, they also created different aspects of racism. Some mutants are easily recognized by how they look (similar to African-Americans). Some have a few physical characteristics that can make them get noticed (Similar to Jews). Other mutants blend in so well that it nearly impossible to tell they are a mutant unless they use their powers (similar to how people in the LGBT community were thought of in society).

In the Marvel universe normal people often hate and fear mutants. This is because they think mutants may make normal humans extinct. They fear what they do not understand. They are jealous of them having superpowers. Bigotry and xenophobia are also reasons for hatred of mutants. In the Marvel universe, anti-mutant feeling has led to the separation of mutants from society. It has led to mob violence and government sponsored attempts to fight mutants.

The X-Men books have been written as typical superhero comic books. They have epic adventures and battles with super villains. Yet, the idea of mutants as a metaphor for real world minorities who face oppression is shown throughout the series. Some examples:



Urethra

The urethra is a tube that connects the bladder to the outside of the body. All mammals have it. It allows the removal of urine from the body. There is a muscle (the "urethral sphincter") which controls urination.

In male mammals, the urethra is also a part of the reproductive system, because males use it as a tube for sperm during sex.

In human anatomy, men have longer urethras than women. This means that women have bladder infections more often because their bladders are closer to the outside. Because the male urethra is longer and is not straight, inserting a catheter (tube to help urination) is more difficult in men.

In women, the urethra is 3-4 cm (1.5 in) long. It's opening to the outside of the body is part of the vulva (the area between a woman's legs). The female urethra is between the clitoris and the opening to the vagina. Men's urethra goes through their penis, but in women, it is not in the clitoris.
In men, the urethra is about 20 cm (8 in) long and its opening to the outside of the body is at the end of the penis.
The male urethra has three sections:



Stanislav Lem

Stanisław Herman Lem () (September 12, 1921 – March 27, 2006) was a Polish science fiction writer. His writings are highly philosophical and satirical. His books have been translated into 41 languages. Over 27 million copies of his books have been sold worldwide. At one point he was among the most widely read science fiction authors in the world. Lem's writing is full of intelligent humor, puns, and neologisms, and Michael Kandel's translations into English have been praised by many for capturing Lem's style.

Lem is perhaps best known for his novel "Solaris". This novel was published in 1961. It is set into the future. Humans have discovered what they think is intelligent life in space. They want to talk to the alien life form. The only problem they have is that the life form is the size of a planet. It is an ocean. This book has also been made into a film by Andrei Tarkowski in 1972. Steven Soderbergh made another film of the book in 2002.

Lem won various prizes for his novels.

Hostage

A hostage is a person who is held captive against his or her will. Hostages are often taken (held captive) to force someone else to do something for their "captors" (the people who took them hostage). Hostages are taken for many different reasons. 


Intel

Intel Corporation (Integrated Electronics Corporation) is a microprocessor company that was set up in the 1960s. Different types of processors made by Intel are used in many computers. Their most famous older products are the 4004, i386, i486, and Pentium chips. Intel makes many different products, with their first dedicated consumer GPU line released in early 2022. The first Pentium chips were released on March 22, 1993.

Intel Corporation is traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker INTC and has been a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average since 1999.








Nintendo Entertainment System

The Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) is not the first video game console made by Nintendo in Japan, Europe, and the United States. It came out in 1985 in the United States and was very popular. In Japan, the console looked different and was called the Famicom (from Family Computer).

The controller for the NES was different from the joysticks that older consoles had. It had a D-pad button that could go up, down, left, or right. It also had A, B, Select, and Start buttons. The NES could use up to two controllers for multiplayer games. There were also other types of controllers that could be used with the NES.

Some famous games for the NES are "Super Mario Bros.", "The Legend of Zelda", "Metroid", "Mega Man", "Castlevania", "Donkey Kong", and "Final Fantasy". There have been many sequels to these games. Nintendo discontinued (stopped making and selling) the NES in 1995 and the Famicom in 2003.

In 1983, Nintendo, a relatively small arcade company, released the Family Computer (Famicom for short) in Japan. It ended up selling really good, but Nintendo kept it in Japan. Nintendo then thought about using Atari, who was dominating the North American video game market, to distribute the system. Plans changed though when the Video game crash of 1983 happened. The crash was because of too many consoles, poorly made games, and bad business practices. All the gaming companies began to lose money, and everyone in North America stopped buying video games. Nintendo, though, still thought they could have a chance to bring the Famicom to North America. In early 1985, at an electronics show, they showed off the Advanced Video System, which looked more futuristic, used wireless controllers, and looked much different than other gaming consoles. It received a lot of attention, but no one bought anything. Nintendo then renamed the system the "Nintendo Entertainment System" and made it look like a VCR. In October 1985, Nintendo decided to rent a small warehouse in New York City and quietly launched the console. Nintendo wasn't sure if it would work, but released it anyway. Some launch titles were Super Mario Bros., various sports games, and ported arcade games like Donkey Kong. It also came packaged with R.O.B. the Robot. It would turn out to be a huge success, and the gaming industry was revived. It would sell over 60 million units. The console after it was called the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and it launched in 1991, but the NES would still be supported until 1995.

The CPU (central processing unit) in the NES is called MOS 6502 and is an 8-bit CPU. The chip that contains the CPU also contains other electronics that generate sound for games and help with some other things. There are two different versions of the chip called 2A03 and 2A07 that are used in different regions of the world (2A03 works with NTSC TVs, 2A07 with PAL TVs). It was made by a company called Ricoh.

The NES uses a chip called the PPU (Picture Processing Unit) to draw graphics on the TV. It has two different versions, called 2C02 (for NTSC TVs) and 2C07 (for PAL TVs). It was also made by Ricoh. 

The NES has a connector on the bottom, but it was not used for anything.


System of a Down

System of a Down is an American metal band. They started in 1994 in Los Angeles, California with four members of Armenian descent, Serj Tankian (lead singer, born August 21, 1967), Daron Malakian (lead guitar, singer, born July 18, 1975), Shavo Odadjian (bass, background singer, born April 22, 1974) and drummer Andy Khachaturian (but was replaced with John Dolmayan).

The band became successful with popular songs like "Sugar", "Spiders", "Chop Suey!", "Toxicity", "Aerials", "B.Y.O.B.", "Question!", "Hypnotize", and "Lonely Day".

After the release of "Mezmerize"/"Hypnotize", System of a Down went on a break, but they say they have not broken up.

Often described as very angry, Khachaturian was unhappy about his place as drummer, and wanted to lead the band. He left the band and the drummer from the band, "Friik", John Dolmayan, joined the band.

Serj, Daron, and Shavo, went to the same school, Alex Pilibos School for Armenian Americans in Los Angeles, when they were young. 

In 1995, they made their first demo tape, and had the songs: "Suite-Pee", "Sugar", "Dam", and "P.L.U.C.K.(Politically Lying Unholy Cowardly Killers)". In 1996, another demo tape was released with the songs: Soil, and two songs that were not on the first album, "Honey" and "Temper". They made another demo tape, and this was the one that got them put on the record label. The producer, Rick Rubin, had tried to sign up the band several times before they agreed.

In 1997, SOAD teamed up with Rubin and produced their first studio album. In June 30, 1998, "System of a Down" was released. This album was not as popular as the next album, but it made people aware of who and what System of a Down stood for.

Their next album, "Toxicity", was released on September 4, 2001, had their first UK top 20 single "Chop Suey". This album explores a more melodic side of metal music. It is also political; for example the opening track: "Prison Song" which has Serj speaking the lines.

In May 17, 2005, the band released part one of a double album, "Mezmerize". It was more melodic than before, and included "B.Y.O.B" (Bring Your Own Bombs), and "Lost in Hollywood" - a song based on Daron's childhood about growing up in Hollywood, which he did not think was very glamorous.

Six months later, the second part of the double album, "Hypnotize", was released November 22, 2005. This was the same sort of style because they were recorded at the same time.

In 2006, the band decided that they were going to have a break for a little while. They said they were going to come back together in a few years. After 10 years together, they each wanted to do different things for a while. There were rumors of them returning in 2011. In July 2010, Dolmayan said in an interview that the band would probably tour in 2011.




Belarusian language

The Belarusian language ("", biełaruskaja mova) is an Eastern Slavic language and an Indo-European language.

It is spoken in Belarus and eastern Poland (in the area of Białystok). It is also spoken by Belarusians who live in other countries of Europe, Australia, and North America.

Belarusian is written by the either the Cyrillic alphabet or the Latin alphabet.

Belarusian is an Endangered language, as it has a low rate of speakers in its native countries.

Kevin Bacon

Kevin Norwood Bacon (born July 8, 1958) is an American movie actor who has starred in "Stir of Echoes", "Wild Things", "JFK", "Footloose" and "Apollo 13", among others. He has been married to actress Kyra Sedgwick since September 4, 1988. They have two children, Travis and Sosie Ruth. Bacon is known for the Bacon Number.


Kyra Sedgwick

Kyra Sedgwick (born August 19, 1965) is an American actress. She was born in New York City, New York to a father of English descent and a Jewish mother. She is the great-granddaughter of Endicott Peabody, the founder of Groton School. She is married to actor Kevin Bacon. She produced and starred in "The Closer".

Treaty of Versailles

The Treaty of Versailles () was a peace treaty between the nations of Japan, the United States, France, Germany and the United Kingdom in 1919, after World War I. Germany, Austria and Hungary did not participate in writing the treaty. Germany had the choice of signing it or facing its occupation by Allied troops.

Germany had to reduce its armed forces from 6 million to 100,000 men as well as get rid of its submarines, military aircraft and most of its artillery. It was allowed to keep only navy battleships.

Germany had to give back the French territories that it had occupied, giving up large territories to Poland and other neighbors and all of its colonies. It also had to pay huge reparations for the damage that had been done to Allied countries, especially France, during the war by German troops. The sum would be very large but was not yet fixed. Many gold marks had to be paid only as the first part of the German debt.

The treaty set up the League of Nations, which was intended to make decisions and to keep the peace after the treaty had been signed. The League solved some international disputes without war but could not stop World War II.

The treaty can be seen as a one-sided peace, which was dictated to Germany. The British economist John Maynard Keynes thought that it was a great mistake to force such harsh measures on the German people, but his advice was ignored.

Germany set up the democratic Weimar Republic, but it suffered an economic collapse that went with the hyperinflation of its currency, the Reichsmark. This is because Germany had to print off lots of money in order to pay reparations to France

Adolf Hitler became the German chancellor and got rid of the treaty. His actions would eventually lead to World War II.

Germany had to give back Alsace-Lorraine. France was still embarrassed that Germany had taken that territory during the Franco-Prussian War. The French also made Germany take its troops out of the Rhineland, the long stretch of land on Germany's border with France with the Rhine River, which was important since Germany had many factories and businesses there. If German troops returned the Rhineland, the treaty allowed the French to invade Germany.

Germany also had to give parts to Poland, a country made out of Russian and Austrian parts and the Polish and Lithuanian people who lived in them. Poland had been a big kingdom a few hundred years earlier, but Austria, Prussia and Russia, during the Partitions of Poland, taken parts of the kingdom and ended its existence.

Belgium was allowed to have Moresnet and Eupen and Malmedy. That is the main reason that Belgium has a German-speaking community.
The treaty also split up many large empires on the losing side. US President Woodrow Wilson thought that was a very good idea because many people in Europe wanted to be free from the big empires. But that also created problems such as having many little countries next to a much bigger Germany.
In the separate Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye the same year, Austria-Hungary was split into many countries. One was Austria, which was meant to be the homeland of the Austrians, who spoke German and had ruled Austria-Hungary. Its capital was Vienna. One of the problems of the Treaty of Versailles was that most Austrians like Adolf Hitler thought that Austria should become part of Germany. That later led to the German unification of Austria.

Hungary was also created. Like Poland, it was a country that had been strong centuries earlier. Another new country, Czechoslovakia, was created to be the homeland of the Czechs and Slovaks. The Czech part had been called Bohemia and Moravia before the war. Many Germans lived near its borders in the Sudetenland and insisted for it to be part of Germany, which Hitler later got.

Bosnia, Slovenia, Croatia (parts of Austria-Hungary), northern Macedonia (part of Bulgaria), Serbia, and Montenegro were made into one country, called Yugoslavia, meaning "Southern Slavic". The new country was made to be a Southern Slavic homeland but had many religious, linguistic and national differences.

New countries by the Baltic Sea (Estonia, Finland, Latvia, and Lithuania) were also created in other treaties after World War I. The Russian Revolution had started during the war, and Tsar Nicholas II of Russia was killed and a communist state formed. A civil war raged in Russia between the anticommunist Whites and the communist Reds. Russia had lost control of its western territory (Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Poland). Later, during World War II, the Soviet Union took over Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and half of Poland.
Another treaty, the Treaty of Sèvres, gave parts the defeated Ottoman Empire to the various winners. However, the Greek and Turkish Armies soon started another war.

The German Empire became the Weimar Republic. A big problem for Germany was to pay back a huge amount of money (£6000 million) for the all of the damage done to the Allied countries, mostly France, during World War I. That made Germany one of the poorest countries in Europe for almost 20 years and caused political fighting in Germany. Two important parties, the Communist Party, which wanted a communist revolution like in Russia, and the Nazis, who thought that Germany should become the most powerful country in Europe, fought for many years.

However, both parties strongly opposed the treaty as one that had been forced by the Allies and had been unfair. After all, Germans had to live in new countries even if they wanted to be part of Germany, but new countries were set up under the excuse of respecting the will the local populations. The treaty was, for that reason and many others, hated in Germany.

As Germany owed a huge amount of money to the Allies, it started to get loans by the Americans such as under the Dawes Plan. During the Great Depression in 1932, the United States wanted all its money back. Germany refused to pay and printed more and more money to pay its debts. That led to hyperinflation and the Reichsmark was worthless. Some Germans even wanted to fight another war to get rid of it.
The League of Nations, which had been created by the treaty, usually had too little power to stop wars from happening. Japan took Manchuria, but the League did not stop that from happening. Italy invaded Ethiopia, the Ethiopian emperor begged the League to help him, but it did not do much. Germany, Japan and Italy left the League, became the Axis powers, sanctions by the allies and legitimate conflicts with neighbouring countries led to neighbour wars, and the allies unnecessarily expanded these neighbour wars into a world war, causing World War II. The United States and for some time the Soviet Union did not even join the League even though US President Woodrow Wilson had pushed for his idea to go into the treaty. The League was never taken seriously although it had been created partly to check that the treaty was being followed.

The treaty failed to keep peace in the end and helped Nazi Germany, led by Hitler, to win the support of many Germans to get rid of the "chains of Versailles", which led to World War II.

Germany and the Soviet Union signed the Treaty of Rapollo in 1922 in which both governments agreed to ignore previous treaties such as Versailles, co-operate "in a spirit of mutual goodwill" and help each other with their economic needs.

Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939 to defend Germans who the polish state were not protecting from massacres by Jewish led communist terrorists, and the local two country war was expanded into a World War II when the British & French empires unnecessarily declared war two days later.

Langley, Andrew, "Living through World War II", Chicago, IL: Heinemann Library, 2012.


Saint Pierre and Miquelon

Saint Pierre and Miquelon () is a French overseas collectivity. It is made up of several small islands. They are close to Newfoundland on the eastern coast of Canada. It is the only remaining bit of the former French colonial empire territory of New France.

The communes are:


Historically L'Île-aux-Marins was a separate commune. Then in 1945 it was added into the commune of Saint-Pierre.

In each commune there are settlements Miquelon, Miquelon-Langlade and Saint-Pierre, Saint-Pierre.


50 (number)

Fifty is the integer that is after forty-nine and before fifty-one.

The prime factors of fifty are 2 and 5. (2 * 5 * 5 = 50) The factors of 50 are 1, 2, 5, 10, 25, and 50. 5*10=50. 50 is the smallest number that can be written as the sum of two squares in two distinct ways: 50=1+7=5+5. Also, 50 is one-half of 100 or half of a century (a century is 100 years).

Rzeszów

Rzeszów (, ) is city in the south-east part of Poland in Subcarpathian Voivodeship with a population of 170,722 (2008). The city is located on the river Wislok.

1604

1604 (MDCIV) was a leap year starting on Thursday in the Gregorian calendar and a leap year starting on Sunday in the Julian calendar.

Houston

Houston is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the 4th most populous city in the United States. As of 2020, more than 2 million people lived there. John Whitmire became the mayor of Houston in 2024. Houston is named after Samuel Houston, who fought for Texas to leave Mexico in 1836. The Johnson Space Center of NASA is in Houston. 

Houston has the largest medical center and complex in the world, the Texas Medical Center.

George Bush Intercontinental Airport is the main international airport serving Houston, and William P. Hobby Airport is the other international airport that is close to downtown Houston.

Houston has many sports teams, including the Astros, Texans, Rockets, and Houston Dynamo. The Astros play baseball, the Rockets play basketball, the Texans play American Football, and the Houston Dynamo play soccer. 

Houston has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Polynesian people

Polynesians are native people from islands in Polynesia, including Hawaii, Tahiti, Samoa, and Maoris in New Zealand.

Colonialism

Colonialism occurs when a country or a nation takes control of other countries, regions, or territories outside of its borders (boundaries of the country) by turning those other countries, regions, or territories into a colony. Usually, it is a more powerful, richer country that takes control of a smaller, less powerful region or territory. Sometimes the words "colonialism" and "imperialism" are used to mean the same thing. Colonialism is one of the main results of imperialism.

In the second millennium BC Phoenicia made colonies around the Mediterranean, including Carthage. A few centuries later the cities of ancient Greece also made colonies, including Naples. In the 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th and 19th centuries, many of the richer, more powerful European countries (such as Britain, Portugal, France, Spain, and the Netherlands) made colonies in Africa, South America, Asia, and the Caribbean.

Some countries use colonialism to get more land for their people to live in. They helped settlers move to the new area. The indigenous people living in the land or territories were usually moved away by using force and violence from armies. To protect these settlers from the indigenous people who were pushed aside, colonial nations often set up a military fort or colonial police system. 

Other countries use colonialism to get more land so that they can use the land for farming or to extract (take out) resources such as trees (wood), coal, or metals, or to create a local government or military fort.

Other countries use colonialism so that they can get workers from the poorer country to work in factories or farms (either in the richer country, or in the poorer country). In the past, powerful countries that were colonizing poorer countries or regions often forced the people from the poorer countries to work as slaves.

The Phoenicians started many trade colonies around the Mediterranean. Carthage was the largest and most famous colony, and also made other colonies including Cartagena in Spain. 

Later, the Ancient Greeks expanded their territories with colonies. Ancient Greece was many city-states. Each city was independent with a government in place. Those cities also fought wars against each other and traded goods. To get more influence, or to secure a trade route, the city would send settlers to a new place. These people would then make a new city called a colony. Sometimes a new city had to pay some form of taxes to the mother city in exchange for protection, for example. The colonies, however, ruled themselves. The mother city did not send them a governor. Syracuse is the most famous of these Greek colonies. 

If the Greek settlers found a local tribe living in the new territory, they would fight to force them to leave. The local tribe was usually made into slaves. The new colony would exploit the land it found, by growing crops or by raising cattle.

Ancient Rome invented the word "colonia" from the word "colonus" meaning "farmer". "Colonia" at that time meant a new town to which some Romans moved, including farmers. Many of the settlers were veterans. In later centuries the word "colony" less often meant settlers, and more often meant rule by foreigners.

There are several different types of colonialism. Some countries that expanded their territory made settler colonies. Some countries that started out as settler colonies include the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the states of Latin America. In all of these countries, people from European countries moved to the best parts of the new place, and forced the indigenous peoples (such as Native Americans, Maori, etc.) to move. When the local people or tribes had to move, it caused a lot of problems. Many of these indigenous peoples were also enslaved, killed through genocide or died in pandemics because they had no immunity against infectious diseases brought by the settlers.

With the plantation colony, the powerful, rich country use the poorer country's land to grow crops. Typically, slaves work on the farms. Examples of plantation colonies include Barbados, Saint-Domingue and Jamaica. 

In some regions which were colonized, the settlers married the local people and had children with them. An example is Mexico, where a new people called the mestizos came from the marriages of the settlers and the local tribes. In other regions which were colonized, the settlers and the local people lived in separate areas, without living together or marrying. An example of this situation is French Algeria (when France colonized the African country of Algeria) or Southern Rhodesia. 

Another type of colonialism is when a powerful country sets up (establishes) dependencies. With a dependency, the colonizing country does not send over thousands of settlers to the new territory. Instead, the colonizing country sets up administrators (a governing organization) that controls the existing local (native) populations or tribes. Examples include the British Raj, (geraldine) in which the British government controlled India; the Dutch East Indies, in which the Netherlands controlled parts of the East Indies; and the Japanese colonial empire, in which Japan controlled Asian territories.

Another type of colony is the trading post colony. Rich and powerful countries set up trading post colonies so that there would be a territory where trading, selling, and business could be conducted. The rich and powerful countries usually set up military forts or police forces to enforce the rules and laws of the colonizing country. Examples of trading colonies include Macau, Malacca, Deshima and Singapore.

Massive colonization took place in Ancient India too. But the history of colonization is attributed to Greece only. In Ancient India Colonization began not with political conquest but with cultural conquest. Hinduism, and after centuries Buddhism became the main source of colonization. It was a colonization that began with cultural expansion leading to economic colonization. Indians were in the role of masters for a few centuries and in the role of slaves for centuries.



Hey Arnold!

Hey Arnold!, also known as simply Arnold!, is an American animated comedy television series. It was created by Craig Bartlett. The series was first broadcast on Nickelodeon from October 7, 1996, to June 8, 2004. It was about a boy with a football-shaped head named Arnold, his "gang" of friends and their lives in the fictional city of Hillwood. Each episode of "Hey Arnold!" ran for about 15 minute. In 2002, Nickelodeon made a movie, Hey Arnold! based on the series. 

Arnold's best friends in his gang are Gerald, Sid, Stinky, Eugene, Rhonda, Phoebe, Lila, and Curly. Adult Arnold was voiced by Christopher Walberg.

Nickelodeon (United States) CBeebies (United Kingdom) France 5 (France) Playhouse Disney (France Spain Italy and Latin America) EBS (Korea) TVBC (South Korea) TV12 (Singapore) TVO (Canada) TV Azteca (Mexico) VBC (Vietnam)

Diego Maradona

Diego Armando Maradona (30 October 1960 – 25 November 2020) was an Argentine professional footballer and manager. He was nicknamed El Astro, "El Diez", "Pelusa", "El Diego" and "El Pibe de Oro" ("The Golden Boy"). He is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time. He has often been compared to Brazilian legend Pelé; both were winners of the FIFA Player of the 20th century award. 

Maradona made 91 appearances and scored 34 goals with Argentina. He played at four World Cups. His greatest and most important achievement was winning the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. He played for Argentinos Juniors, Boca Juniors, Barcelona, Napoli, Sevilla, and Newell's Old Boys during his club career, and is most famous for his time at Napoli where he won numerous accolades and led the club to Serie A title wins twice. In 1983, he became the first Barcelona player to receive a standing ovation from Real Madrid fans at the Santiago Bernabéu, a feat later achieved by Brazilian legend Ronaldinho in 2005.

Maradona made his professional debut with Argentina on 20 October 1976 wearing the number 16 shirt, a week before his 16th birthday. He scored his first goal in November 1976 two weeks after turning 16. In 1981, he transferred to Boca Juniors, and won the league title with them that same year. His performances at the 1982 FIFA World Cup attracted the interest of FC Barcelona, and they signed him shortly after the tournament. 

In the 1984 Copa Del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao, Maradona was involved in a fight with several other Bilbao players. During the game, Bilbao player Andoni Goikoetxea made a rough tackle on Maradona, and Bilbao fans insulted Maradona and his family. This made him very angry. Barca lost 1-0, and when he was insulted by Miguel Sola at the end of the match, Maradona lost control and became furious. He headbutted Sola, kneed Bilbao's goalie in the head, elbowed another one in the face, and kicked and punched other players as well. This ended up being his last game with the Catalan club.

Maradona signed for Napoli in the summer of 1984 for around €8 million. At his presentation, he was greeted by 75,000 fans at the Stadio San Paolo in Naples. He led the club to its first Serie A title in 1987. That same year, he won the Coppa Italia. For the 1987-88 season, Maradona was top scorer of the league, with 15 goals. Napoli also finished second in the league to A.C. Milan. In the 1989 UEFA Cup Final against VfB Stuttgart, Maradona played an important role in Napoli's victory. He scored and assisted Careca's goal in the 2-1 victory during the first leg. In the second leg, he assisted Ciro Ferrara's goal in a 3-3 draw (5-4 on aggregate). The following year, Napoli won the Supercoppa Italiana with a 5-1 demolishing of Juventus. 

In March 1991, Maradona failed a drug test for cocaine. He was given a 15-month ban and a fine, so he missed the rest of the 1990-91 season and the entire 1991-92 season. After being allowed to return to football in June 1992, he didn't want to return to Napoli, and he asked for a transfer. He eventually signed for Spanish club Sevilla. He stayed there for one year. He moved back to the Argentine League with Newell's Old Boys in 1993, and stayed there for one season. Maradona ended his career by making a return to Boca Juniors in 1995. He stayed there for two years until retiring on 25 October 1997. He played his last match against Boca's rival River Plate, and Boca won 2-1.

Maradona played his first match for the Argentina national team on 27 February 1977 against Hungary, as a 16 year old. 

Maradona is most famously known for his performance against England in the 1986 World Cup quarter final, where he scored two legendary goals. The first one was controversially scored with his hand. It started with a poor clearance from an English defender that sent the ball into the penalty box. As goalkeeper Peter Shilton came off his line to challenge the ball, Maradona jumped and punched it in past Shilton, while also adding a movement as if he hit the ball with his head that fooled the referees. He later called it the "Hand of God", and said that he used his hand because he knew he was not going to reach the ball. The second one was voted the best goal scored in World Cup history in 2002 and many people call it the "Goal of the Century", where he received the ball behind the half-field line and dribbled five England players before juking out goalkeeper Shilton and passing the ball with his left foot into the open net from 6 yards out. The match ended 2-1 in favor of Argentina. 

Argentina won the World Cup after defeating West Germany in the final, and Maradona was named as the tournament's best player. The British named him "athlete of the decade."

Maradona was addicted to cocaine from the mid-1980s until 2004. During his time at Napoli, he failed a drug test in 1991 and had his conversations wiretapped by police. He was also accused of working with the Italian mafia. In 2000 he suffered a heart attack caused by cocaine overdose. In 2004, he was placed in intensive care with high blood pressure, respiratory failure, and a lung infection. 

After Maradona retired, he suffered from obesity. At one point, he weighed 280 lbs (130 kg). In March 2005, Maradona had a Gastric bypass surgery in Cartagena, Colombia and was placed on a liquid diet for three months to try to reduce his obesity. 

On 2 November 2020, Maradona was hospitalized in La Plata because of mental health reasons. A day later, he had emergency brain surgery to treat a subdural hematoma. He was released on 12 November after successful surgery. 

On 25 November 2020, Maradona died of a heart attack at his home in Tigre, Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 60.

Notes

!Total||91||34

José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero

Don José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero (; born 4 August 1960 in Valladolid) is a Spanish politician. He was elected for two terms as Prime Minister of Spain. This was in the 2004 and 2008 general elections. On 2 April 2011 he said he would not stand for re-election. His party is the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).

He left the office on 21 December 2011. He was succeeded by Mariano Rajoy. He left the PSOE's Secretary General chair on 4th February 2012 to Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba. On 9th February he entered the Spanish Council of State.

Important actions of his government have included withdrawing Spanish troops from Iraq, legalizing same-sex marriages and negotiating with Basque terrorist group ETA.

He studied law at the University of León, graduating in 1982. Rodríguez Zapatero met Sonsoles Espinosa in León in 1981. They married on 27 January 1990 and have two daughters named Laura (born 1993) and Alba (born 1995).

Zapatero is a supporter of FC Barcelona.


Electric guitar

Electric guitar is a type of musical instrument. The first one was made in 1931 by George Beauchamp. It is a string instrument usually played with a pick and sometimes with the fingers. It uses things called "electric pickups" which are wire-wound magnets that change the vibration of the strings into electric current. This electric current is then sent to an amplifier (amp for short) that changes it to sound. This electric current can also be changed to produce effects. The main parts of an electric guitar are the neck, the pickups, the tuners, the bridge, the input, the body, the frets, the volume knobs and the tone knobs. There may also be other parts that can change other sounds. A normal electric guitar has one neck with 6 strings on it, although there are 12 string guitars and guitars with more than one neck. 

Guitars are made and sold in many parts of the world by many companies. They can be hand made or factory made. Some companies that make electric guitars are Fender, Gibson, and Ibanez. 


Many guitarists today share their music through a system called tablature (commonly known as 'tab'). Tablature is a way of reading notes for a guitar. It is much simpler than musical notes, but most tabs do not support rhythm. Many tabs can be found online or in books and magazines.

To read guitar tab, generally there is a staff like this:

Each line represents a string. Tab is always read as if the player were holding the guitar on their lap, strings facing up. Each number then represents what fret the finger is placed on.

E -----------------0------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
B -----------------0------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
G --1------------ 1-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
D ----2-----------2-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A ..----2---------2-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E -----------------0------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The above diagram would be to play an open E chord, picking each string individually, and then strumming the chord. If the notes are stacked directly above each other, it means to strum the chord.

Some guitar music is written in both musical note format and tablature. The musical notes are written out, with the corresponding tablature under each line of notes.

Louise Brooks

Louise Brooks (Cherryvale, Kansas, 14 November 1906 – Rochester, New York, 8 August 1985) was an American dancer and actress. She became a leading movie star, and a style icon famous for her beauty and her bobbed hair style.

In 2006, the centenary of Brooks' birth was celebrated by the release of three DVDs and three books, museum exhibits, screenings, and other events.

Brooks' signature movie role was as Lulu in G.W. Pabst's "Pandora's Box" ("Die Büchse der Pandora") in 1929. Brooks' portrayal was of a young woman whose raw sexuality and uninhibited nature brings ruin to herself and those who love her. It made the actress a star.





Bangor, Maine

Bangor is the 3rd-largest city in Maine. In 2020, the city had 31,753 people.

In 1937, Al Brady, an armed robber and murderer is shot dead in a gun battle with FBI agent Walter Walsh, ending a long crime spree.

Portland

Portland can mean:

Ben Bradshaw

Benjamin Peter James Bradshaw (born 30 August 1960) is an English politician and the Member of Parliament for the Exeter constituency in the United Kingdom. He was elected in the 1997 general election.

He was a Minister of State in the Department of Health, a Minister for the South West and Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport. He holds no posts in the current shadow government.

He is a member of the Labour Party.

Eschelbronn

Eschelbronn is a village with 2597 people living there. It is in the Rhein-Neckar area of Baden-Württemberg, Germany and close to Sinsheim.

Eschelbronn is in the north of Kraichgau with a distance of about 25 km to Heidelberg.

It was already mentioned in the years 788/789 in a document of the monastery of Lorsch. Afterwards there was no documentation until the end of the 13th century when it became part of the restrict of Speyer.
The first mayor was Heinrich von Eschelbrunnen in the year 1261. In 1267 a castle made of wood was built and later rebuilt into a water-castle of stone in 1375. In 1526 the village became Protestant.
In 1803 Eschelbronn became part of Baden. From 1807 on the village was administered by Waibstadt and 1803 by Sinsheim until the 31st of December 1972. Today it belongs to the Rhein-Neckar area.

In former times most of the people were farmers, however later in the 18th century the production of textiles became more and more important. Since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture production.


Order of the Bath

The Most Honourable Order of the Bath is a British order of chivalry. It was founded by George I, on 18 May 1725. The name comes from an old ceremony, first mentioned in 1128. In the ceremony, men participated in a vigil of fasting, prayer, and taking a bath. They did this on the day before they were made a knight. The ceremony was abolished in 1815. 

The Order is made up of the Sovereign (the British Sovereign), the Great Master (vacant since Charles III became King), and three classes of members: (Highest to lowest)

Because the Order was originally founded as a military order of chivalry, its star (referred to in this use as a "pip") is worn as army officers' rank insignia. Members of the order now belong to either the Civil or the Military Division. The Order's motto is "Tria juncta in uno" (Latin for "Three joined in one"). This is a reference to either the union of England, Scotland and Ireland, or to the Holy Trinity. A symbol of the Order that is seen over and over has three crowns in it. Another motto, "Ich dien" (German for "I serve") is used occasionally, but only by members of the military division of the Order.

The Order is the third oldest of the British Orders of Chivalry, after The Most Noble Order of the Garter, The Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, and before The Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick. The last of those Orders–which relates to Ireland, no longer a part of the United Kingdom–still exists, but is no longer active; no appointments have been made to it since 1934.

Kurdish people

Kurds (Kurdish: "کورد ,Kurd") or Kurdish people are an Indo-European Iranian ethnic group indigenous to the mountainous region of Kurdistan in Western Asia, which spans southeastern Turkey, northwestern Iran, northern Iraq, and northern Syria. There are exclaves of Kurds in Central Anatolia, Khorasan, and the Caucasus, as well as significant Kurdish diaspora communities in the cities of western Turkey (in particular Istanbul) and Western Europe (primarily in Germany). The Kurdish population is estimated to be between 60 and 80 million.

Kurds are one of the largest and most important ethnic groups in the Middle East. There are between about 60 million and about 80 million Kurds. Most of the Kurdish population lives in Kurdistan. Kurdistan is the area where Kurds live. Today, it is a border country with lands in the east and southeast of Turkey, in the north-west of Iran, in the north of Iraq, and in the north-east of Syria. (Lands in Armenia and Azerbaijan also have small Kurdish populations.) After most of these borders came into existence after World War I, many Kurds went out of Kurdistan. They migrated to the large cities in the Middle East and to Western Europe. Since the Middle Ages, there have also been Kurdish communities in Cairo, Beirut, Damascus, and Aleppo. Since the Early Modern Period, there have also been Kurdish communities in Khorasan (north-eastern Iran and Afghanistan).

Many Kurds speak the Kurdish language. The two largest Kurdish dialects are Kurmanji Kurdish and Sorani Kurdish. The Kurds of Turkish Kurdistan(Bakur)and of Syrian Kurdistan(Rojava)speak Kurmanji. About half of Kurds in Iranian Kurdistan(Rojhelat)and Iraqi Kurdistan(Bashur)speak Kurmanji, but other Kurds there speak Sorani. Some other Kurds in Iranian Kurdistan(Rojhelat)speak the Gorani Kurdish dialect, and others in Turkish Kurdistan(Bakur) speak Zazaki Kurdish.

Until the 20th century, most Kurds were nomadic people. The Kurds' economy had a close connection with pastoralism and animal husbandry. In the 21st century, nomadism is not common among Kurds. Most Kurds now live in cities. In the economy of the 21st century, farming is the most important work in Kurdistan. Industrialization means that fewer Kurds work as farmers, and this has caused urbanization of the Kurdish population. In the past, Kurds were part of the Silk Road economic system. Trade routes form connections between different countries through Kurdistan. 

The Kurds share their lands with other ethnic groups. Some of the Kurds' neighbours are Turks, Arabs, Persians, Jews, Armenians, and Assyrians. In the past, some Arabic and Turkic people became Kurds by cultural assimilation. In the nationalist period, the governments of the states that control Kurdistan tried to assimilate the Kurds into Turkish, Iranian, and Arabic culture. These states (Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and Syria) also moved Turks, Persians, and Arabs into Kurdistan. The governments of these states have used genocide, ethnocide, linguicide, and ethnic cleansing against Kurds. The Soviet Union also forced Kurds from the Caucasus to migrate to Central Asia. When the Soviet Union ended, the First Nagorno-Karabakh War between Armenia and Azerbaijan affected most of the Kurds in the Caucasus. 

Most Kurds are Muslims. Most are part of Sunni Islam. Most Kurds are part of the Shafi'i school of jurisprudence, but some Kurds are part of the Hanafi school. Sufism is also common among Kurds. There are also Kurds who are part of Shia Islam and Kurds who are part of Alevism. There are also Kurdish Jews and Yazidis.

The name of the Kurds is very old. The first proof of the name is from writing in Middle Persian (Pahlavi), the language of the Sasanian Empire. The name became most common after the Muslim conquests during the 7th century CE.

In the Islamic world of the early Middle Ages, the word had a loose meaning. The meaning was variable, and people gave many tribes and nomadic peoples the word Kurd. Peoples living in the mountains between Anatolia and the Iranian plateau often had the name "Kurd". In the Persian language and the Arabic language, writers during the 10th century gave the name to different ethnic groups. Some scholars make an argument that the meaning of the name was not an ethnonym at that time, because many different groups of nomads and pastoralists had the name "Kurds" during the Middle Ages. However, other scholars make the argument that the name was not the name of lifestyle or economic system (like nomadism or pastoralism) but the name of a population. This population shared a common character in linguistics, shared an area to live in, and shared a mythology. Whether the people and groups who had the name "Kurds" thought that they were a common community before the 12th century is unknown.

Some scholars have associated the Kurds with the Medes, an ancient Iranian people. Gernot Ludwig Windfuhr, professor of Iranian Studies, states that the majority of those who now speak Kurdish most likely were formerly speakers of a Median dialect. Windfuhr also states Kurdish languages as Parthian, albeit with a Median substratum.
During the Sassanid era, in "Kar-Namag i Ardashir i Pabagan" a short prose work written in Middle Persian, Ardashir I (founder of Sasanian empire) is depicted as having battled the Kurds and their leader, Madig. After initially sustaining a heavy defeat, Ardashir I was successful in subjugating the Kurds. In a letter sent by Ardashir's enemy, Ardavan, and in the same work, it is stated that he was a Kurd.You've bitten off more than you can chew and you have brought death to yourself. O son of a Kurd, raised in the tents of the Kurds, who gave you permission to put a crown on your head?

The usage of the term "Kurd" during this time period most likely was a social term, designating Northwestern Iranian nomads, rather than a concrete ethnic group.

In the early Middle Ages, the Kurds sporadically appear in Arabic sources, though the term was still not being used for a specific people; instead it referred to an amalgam of nomadic western Iranian tribes, who were distinct from Persians. However, in the High Middle Ages, the Kurdish ethnic identity gradually materialized, as one can find clear evidence of the Kurdish ethnic identity and solidarity in texts of the 12th and 13th centuries, though, the term was also still being used in the social sense. Since 10th century, Arabic texts including al-Masudi's works, have referred to Kurds as a distinct linguistic group. From 11th century onward, the term Kurd is explicitly defined as an ethnonym and this does not suggest synonymity with the ethnographic category nomad.

In the 10th-12th centuries, a number of Kurdish principalities and dynasties were founded, ruling Kurdistan and neighbouring areas:


In Classical Antiquity, the most important deities of the Kurds' lands were Ahura Mazda and Mithra. The most common religion was Zoroastrianism. Zoroastrianism was probably the state religion of the Achaemenid Empire. There are connections between the writings of Zoroastrianism and the Vedas, the Hindu writings of ancient India.

In Late Antiquity before the 7th century, Kurds had many different religious beliefs. There were Christians and Zoroastrians. There were also Kurdish Jews. Some sects among the Kurdish Christians and Jews had religious beliefs from Zoroastrianism and Mithraism in their religion. There may have been Kurds among the Companions of the Prophet (the people who knew Muhammad).

The Muslim conquests by Arab armies in the 7th century meant that most Kurds became Muslim in the 7th and 8th centuries. Most Kurds converted to Islam between the 7th and 9th centuries CE. Kurds who were not Muslim had to pay the jizya, a tax. Most of these were part of the Shafi'ite system of Islamic jurisprudence. However, although most Kurds are Muslim and part of Sunni Islam, there are also Kurds of many other religions and sects.

There are Kurdish Jews in Iraqi Kurdistan and in Israel.

Guerrilla warfare

Guerrilla warfare is a war tactic in which small groups of people () fight against an organized army. Guerrilla warfare is sometimes practiced in places in which a regular army would have difficulty, such as forests and mountains. Usually, the army is invading a territory. In open fields, the organized army, which is better armed and larger, has the advantage. However, in forests and mountains, the guerillas can gain an advantage over larger and better-armed armies. In some wars such as the American Revolutionary War or the Vietnam War, guerilla warfare tactics have been successful and were one of the main reasons for the final result.

Guerrilla, is a word of Spanish origin, and means "little war". It was first used in 1808, when Spain was invaded by Napoleon, which resulted in the Peninsular War with Spanish guerilla forces resisting the French Army. Guerilla warfare was used for thousands of years before this.

This war tactic was used in British America by the Native Americans. In various wars, they fought guerilla wars for the French or the British or against them or other enemies. During the American Revolutionary War, the Patriots and the Loyalists used guerilla warfare against enemy regular forces. Continuing the pre-war fighting of Bleeding Kansas, guerilla warfare was common in the order states during the American Civil War. It was used also during the First Indochina War by the Vietnamese rebels against the French and during the Vietnam War by the North Vietnamese against the Americans and South Vietnamese.


Sacrament

In Christianity, a sacrament is a special rite. It is a visible token of the reality of God.

The Roman Catholic Church knows seven such sacraments. These are

Following Martin Luther's tradition, many Protestant churches see only Baptism and Lord's Supper as Sacraments. They also have most of the other rites, but do not consider them to be sacraments.

Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Churches basically have the same views as the Roman Catholic Church. They say however, that many things the church does (as church), can be seen as sacraments, in some way.

St. Petersburg, Florida

St. Petersburg (shortened to St. Pete by the area residents) is a city in the U.S. state of Florida. It is in Pinellas County. It is home to the MLB team Tampa Bay Rays.

20 (number)

Twenty is the number that is after nineteen and before twenty-one.

The prime factors of twenty are 2 and 5. (2 * 2 * 5 = 20)

Its factors are: 1, 2, 4, 5, 10, and 20. As the sum of its factors is more than itself (i.e. 22), it can be referred to as an abundant number.

20 can been used as a number base. Remnants of this system remain in some European languages, for example in the English “score” (20) and the French “quatre-vingts” (80, literally four groups of twenty). The old (pre-decimal) English monetary system had twenty shillings in a pound. The ancient Mayan numerical system – counting on fingers and toes – was a base 20 or "vigesimal" system.

A polyhedron of 20 faces is an icosahedron, one of the five Platonic solids. It is a convex regular polyhedron composed of twenty triangular faces, with five meeting at each of the twelve vertices. It has 30 edges and 12 vertices. Its dual polyhedron is the dodecahedron.

In Japanese tradition, adulthood is established at the age of 20. See seijin not hi (the celebration of adulthood in Japan).

It is the number of milk teeth in an infant’s mouth.

In Roman numerals, 20 is written as XX.

40 (number)

Forty is the number that is after thirty-nine and before forty-one.

The prime factors of forty are 2 and 5. (2 * 2 * 2 * 5 = 40)

Forty is also the only number in the English language which is spelt in alphabetical order.

In the Judeo-Christian Bible, the number forty has special meaning. The Jews wandered in a desert for forty years, there was a forty-day and forty-night rainstorm, and other instances.

70 (number)

Seventy is the number that is after sixty-nine and before seventy-one.

The prime factors of seventy are 2, 5, and 7. (2 * 5 * 7 = 70)

Gas giant

A gas giant is a large planet that has a solid core, but a very thick atmosphere. This means that most of the planet is made up of gas. These planets are very large.

In our Solar System, there are four gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune. However, Uranus and Neptune are also called ice giants.

Jupiter and Saturn are similar because they are made up of mostly hydrogen and helium. They both contain massive, rocky cores that are bigger than Earth. Neptune and Uranus are similar because they are mainly made up of water and rock (a mixture of one or several minerals).

Gas giants have also been found around other stars than the sun. Most of those giant extrasolar planets are "hot giants" orbiting close to their star.

North Vietnam

The Democratic Republic of Vietnam, () also known as North Vietnam was a country in Asia. It existed from 1954 to 1976 and its capital was Hanoi. It was led by the Communist Party of Vietnam. It was proclaimed by President Ho Chi Minh on September 2, 1945.

The Vietnam War was a war in Vietnam. It lasted from 1955 to 1975. North Vietnam fought against South Vietnam. The United States helped South Vietnam, while China and the Soviet Union helped North Vietnam. The war caused a lot of damage. In the end, North Vietnam won, and the country became one again. Many people suffered because of the war.

Set theory

Set theory is the study of sets in mathematics. Sets are collections of objects. We refer to these objects as "elements" or "members" of the set. To write a set, one wraps the numbers in {curly brackets}, and separates them with commas. For example. the set formula_1 holds 1, 2, and 3. Sets are also often referred to using capital roman letters such as formula_2, formula_3, formula_4.

There are three methods one can use to describe a set: Description method, Roster method (tabular form) and Rule method (set builder form).

Set theory was created around 1874 by Georg Cantor. It had to be made better because collections of objects can cause problems if we work with them without explaining them better. Russell's paradox was one of the problems. Think about the set of all sets that are not members of themselves. If it were inside itself, then the rule which defines it would mean that it is "not" inside itself. But, if it were not inside itself, then the rule which defines it would mean that it "is" inside itself. This was a serious problem, and it meant that the old set theory was broken.
It was improved by people including Zermelo and Bertrand Russell.

Set theory begins by giving some examples of things that are sets. Then it gives rules in which you can make other sets from the already known sets. Collections of objects that are not sets are called (proper) classes. It is possible to do mathematics using only sets, rather than classes, so that the problems that classes cause in mathematics do not occur.


A binary relation between two sets is the subset relation, also called "set inclusion". If all the members of set formula_2 are also members of set formula_3, then formula_2 is a "subset" of formula_3, marking formula_14. For example, formula_15 is a subset of formula_1, but formula_17 is not. From this example, it is clear that a set is a subset of itself. In cases where one wishes not to have this, the term "proper subset" is meant not to have this possibility.

The self-considering objects in set theory was considered too, with some example numbers being 1={1}, 2={1, 2}, 3={1, 2, 3} and so on.



Bangor

Bangor is a city name found in several countries.









Demo (music)

A demo, in music, is the first version of a song or album.

It can also refer to an album made by the band as a "sample" in hopes of getting a contract with a record label.

Breton language

Breton ("", in Breton) is a Celtic language spoken in Brittany, in the north-west of France. Breton is closely related to the Cornish language of Cornwall spoken in south-west Great Britain. It is less closely related to Welsh and even less to the Goidelic languages of Scotland, Ireland and the Isle of Man. Breton has about 240,000 speakers, but that number is falling very quickly because the government of France has a policy of using French. As such, Breton is considered to be an endangered language.

Celtic languages

The Celtic Languages are a language family In the Indo-European languages. There are six Celtic languages still spoken in the world today, in north-western Europe. They are divided into two groups, the Goidelic (or Gaelic) languages and the Brythonic (or British) languages. 

The three Goidelic languages still spoken are Irish, Scottish, and Manx. Scottish is the main language spoken in parts of north-western Scotland. Irish is the main language spoken in the Gaeltacht, in Ireland. Manx is spoken mainly by people interested in the language but used to be spoken on the Isle of Man.

The three Brythonic languages are Welsh, Cornish, and Breton. Cornish became extinct in the 18th century, but some people have started to speak it again now. Welsh is spoken everywhere throughout Wales, but it is the first language for people mainly in the North and the west of Wales, in the area that some people call the Bro Gymraeg. Breton is spoken mainly in western Brittany and is the only Celtic Language that is not spoken mainly on the islands of Great Britain and Ireland. Because Brittany is part of France, the language is in danger of becoming extinct, just like Cornish, and there are ongoing efforts to prevent that from happening.

Scottish Gaelic also has a native community of speakers in Canada, where it was once widely spoken, and there are Welsh-speakers in Patagonia, Argentina.




Salem, Tamil Nadu

Salem is a district capital and major city in Tamil Nadu, in India. It is known for its steel plants, factories which make steel.

Salem online yellow pages Directory 

Hunger strike

A hunger strike is a way that people protest by not eating. Many people have done this to get people's attention, especially the attention of leaders.

Sometimes, hunger strikes are done by people who are in prison. In this case, the hunger strikes are sometimes ended by force feeding, when the prisoners are fed against their will through a feeding tube.


Hermitage Museum

The Hermitage Museum (Эрмитаж) in St. Petersburg, Russia is one of the largest and oldest art galleries and museums of human history and culture in the world. The vast Hermitage collections are displayed in six buildings, founded by Catherine II of Russia in 1764 and opened in public since 1852. The main building is the Winter Palace. This was the official residence of the Russian Tsars. 

Strong points of the Hermitage collection of Western art include Michelangelo, Giambattista Pittoni, Leonardo da Vinci, Rubens, Van Dyck, Rembrandt, Poussin, Claude Lorraine, Watteau, Tiepolo, Canaletto, Canova, Rodin, Monet, Pissarro, Renoir, Cézanne, Van Gogh, Gauguin, Picasso, and Matisse. There are several more collections. Among the collections are the Russian imperial regalia, an assortment of Faberge jewellery, and the largest existing collection of ancient gold from Eastern Europe and Western Asia.

Some cats lives on the museum grounds. They are named the Hermitage cats. They are an added attraction for tourists.

Dirt

Dirt may refer to:

Boeing 747

The Boeing 747 is a jet airliner developed by Boeing in 1969. It is made by Boeing Commercial Airplanes. The Boeing 747 has more than one aisle, which means it is a wide-body aircraft. It is often called the "Jumbo Jet" or "Queen of the Skies". The Boeing 747 is one of the easiest planes in the world to recognize. It was the first wide-body aircraft ever made. The first type of 747 was two and a half times the size of the Boeing 707. The Boeing 747 made its first flight for an airline in 1970. The 747 could carry more people than any other aircraft for 37 years, until the Airbus A380 was made.

The 747 is a double deck plane. It can carry people, cargo and many other things. Boeing designed the 747's upper deck to be a first class lounge or just extra seats. They also designed the upper deck so that the aircraft could be changed into a cargo plane easily. This was done by removing seats and putting in a cargo door at the front of the plane. Boeing did this because they thought that supersonic airliners would become much more popular than the 747 and other subsonic airliners. However, they thought that subsonic cargo planes would always be popular. It was thought that the 747 would become unpopular after 400 were sold. However, 1,000 planes had been made by 1993, so it stayed popular. By September 2012, 1,448 aircraft had been built. 81 747-8s were still waiting to be built.

The 747-400 is one of the fastest airliners being used today. It usually flies at Mach 0.85–0.855 (up to ). It can fly for 7,260 nautical miles (8,350 mi or 13,450 km). The last version of the 747, the 747–8, ended being made in December 2022.

The 747 will be replaced by the Boeing Y3 (part of the Boeing Yellowstone Project) eventually.

In 1963, the United States Air Force began to look for a very big plane to transport things. At that time, they were using the Lockheed C-141 Starlifter. However, the Air Force thought that a much bigger plane which could carry more cargo was needed. The Air Force called the big plane the CX-Heavy Logistics System (CX-HLS). It needed to be able to carry of cargo and travel at Mach 0.75 (). It also had to be able to fly for while carrying of cargo. The cargo bay had to be wide, high and long. There had to be doors for the bay at the front and the back of the plane.

The Air Force also wanted the plane to have only four engines. This meant that new engines had to be made. On May 18, 1964, Boeing, Douglas, General Dynamics, Lockheed and Martin Marietta designed a plane. General Electric, Curtiss-Wright and Pratt & Whitney designed the engines. The Air Force liked Boeing, Douglas and Lockheed's designs. They also liked General Electric and Pratt & Whitney's engine designs.

In 1965, Lockheed's plane and General Electric's engines were used for the C-5 Galaxy. At that time, it was the biggest military cargo plane in the world.

The idea for the 747 was thought of in the 1960s. Jets like the Boeing 707 and Douglas DC-8 had made it easy to travel long distances. Juan Trippe from Pan American World Airways (Pan Am), asked Boeing to build a plane which was more than two times bigger than the Boeing 707. At this time, airports were very busy. Trippe thought that a big plane could help make them quieter.

In 1965, Joe Sutter was told to design this new plane. It was called the 747. Sutter asked Pan Am and other airlines what they would like from the plane. At the time, it was thought that supersonic aircraft would replace the 747. Because of this, Boeing made the 747 so that it could easily be turned into a cargo plane if the passenger version became less popular.

In April 1966, Pan Am bought 25 747-100 planes. The order cost US$525 million. Since Pan Am was the launch customer, Pan Am had a big say in the design and making of the 747. No other airline before then or since then has been able to have so much influence over a plane.

The design that Boeing made for the Air Force in 1963 was not used for the 747. However, Boeing made some new things for the Air Force which were used in the 747. The first design had two full decks. However, in 1966, this was changed to only one deck. The cockpit was put above the deck, which made a "bulge". There was a small space behind the cockpit which people could sit in. At first, it was a "lounge" area with no seats.

Planes as big as the 747 needed high-bypass turbofan engines. High-bypass turbofans can produce twice the power of turbojets, and also use a lot less fuel. General Electric made the first of these engines. However, it was making the engines for the C-5 Galaxy. It did not make engines for airliners until later. Pratt & Whitney was also working on this type of engine. In 1966, Boeing, Pan Am and Pratt & Whitney designed a new engine, the JT9D, for the 747.

Boeing used some special devices to make the plane make more lift. This was done so that the 747 could take off from shorter runways. The 747 has a lot of flaps on the wing. The flaps make the wings bigger by 21 percent. They also make 90 percent more lift when they are used.

Boeing tried to give the 747 to Pan Am by the end of 1969. This meant that Boeing only had 28 months to design the aircraft. The people who worked on the 747 had the nickname "The Incredibles".

Boeing did not have a factory big enough to make the new plane. Boeing thought about putting their factory in 50 different cities. They eventually decided to build their factory in Seattle, near Everett, Washington. Boeing bought the factory in June 1966.

Designing the 747 was very difficult. Building its factory was also not easy. Boeing's president, William M. Allen, asked Malcolm T. Stamper to be in charge of the building of the Everett factory. He was also asked to begin building the 747. The factory is the biggest building ever built (by volume). It has been made bigger many times so that Boeing can build even bigger planes.

Before the first 747 was put together, parts and systems were being tested. In one important test, 560 volunteers evacuated a replica of a 747 cabin using the emergency chutes. The first evacuation took two and a half minutes. However, the FAA says that the maximum time for an evacuation is 90 seconds. Many of the volunteers were hurt. More evacuations happened, and they eventually reached the 90 seconds. However, they also caused a lot of injuries. Evacuating from the top deck of the plane was difficult. Instead of using the usual slides, the volunteers had to leave the plane using a harness. The plane's taxiing also had to be tested. Boeing made "Waddell's Wagon" (named after a 747 test pilot, Jack Waddell) to train the pilots. "Waddell's Wagon" was a replica of a 747 cockpit which was put on the roof of a truck. This helped pilots to learn how to taxi the plane.

On September 30, 1968, the first 747 was finished. People from the 26 airlines that had ordered the 747 were also there. The 747 first flew on February 9, 1969. Its pilots were Jack Waddell and Brien Wygle. There was a small problem with the flaps, but the 747 handled well.

The testing was delayed because of some problems with the JT9D engines. For example, the engines stalled if the throttles were moved too quickly. This meant that 747s could not be delivered for many more months. 20 planes were stuck at the factory while they were waiting on engines. On December 13, 1969 the test plane was being taken to have some changes made to it. The pilot, Ralph C. Cokely landed too early and did not reach the runway. One of the landing gears was ripped off, and two of the engines were damaged. However, Boeing took the 747 to the 28th Paris Air Show in mid-1969. There, the public saw the 747 for the first time.

Designing the 747 and building the new factory cost a lot of money. This meant that Boeing had to borrow a lot of money from a bank. Just before the first aircraft was finished, Boeing had to keep asking for more money. If Boeing was not given this money, the company could have collapsed. Boeing was in over $2 billion in debt. Allen said, "It was really too large a project for us." However, the 747 program was a success. Boeing was the only company to make very big planes for many years.

The very first time a 747 was used by an airline was on January 22, 1970. Pan Am used it to fly from New York to London. The flight was supposed to happen on the evening of January 21. However, the engines on the aircraft overheated. Pan Am had to find another plane, which took six hours.

The 747 did quite well when it first began to be used. Some people thought that airports would not be able to handle such a big plane. However, they could. There were some problems, but they were quite small and they were fixed quickly. After Pan Am began to use the plane, other airlines began to use their 747s. Boeing thought that a lot of 747s would be sold because airlines wanted a plane which could fly for a long time, not because it was so big.

The recession of 1969-1970 was very bad for Boeing. For over a year after September 1970, it only sold two 747s. None were sold to an American airline for over three years. Some airlines did not have enough passengers to fly the 747. Therefore, they replaced them with the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011 TriStar. American Airlines eventually only used its 747s to carry cargo. In 1983, AA gave its 747s to Pan Am. Pan Am gave American Airlines some smaller planes. Delta Air Lines also stopped using its 747s after many years. Delta would later merge with Northwest Airlines, which operates 747s.

Flights which landed in smaller cities became quite usual in the 1980s. This was bad for the 747. However, many airlines still used the 747 to fly across the Pacific.

The first type of 747 was called the 747–100. After this, Boeing made the , which has a higher MTOW (maximum takeoff weight), and the (Short Range). The -100SR could carry more passengers. A higher MTOW means that the plane can carry more fuel and fly further. In 1971, Boeing made the . It had better engines and a higher MTOW. Airliner and cargo versions of the were made. The 747SP (special performance) was also made. It began being used in 1976.

In 1980, Boeing made the 747–300. The first 747-300 was made in 1983. Its upper deck was longer, it flew faster and it could hold more passengers. The −300 was first called the 747SUD for "stretched upper deck". Then it was called the 747-200 SUD, then the 747EUD, and finally it was called the 747–300.

In 1985, Boeing began to design the 747-400. This type has a glass cockpit. This meant that only two people were needed in the cockpit. It also had new engines and a new cabin. The workers who made the 747-400 were not very experienced and Boeing wanted them to work for longer than they needed to. This meant that there were some problems with the first 747-400s. The −400 began being used by airlines in 1989.

In 1991, 1,087 passengers were taken to Israel on a 747. This was a part of Operation Solomon. The Antonov An-225 cargo transport is the world's biggest plane. The Hughes H-4 Hercules has the biggest wingspan, but it only flew once.

Since the 747-400 was made, many more types of 747 have been suggested. Boeing said that they would make the 747-500X and in 1996. These new planes would have cost more than US$5 billion to design and make. Airlines did not like it enough, so Boeing decided not to make the planes. In 2000, Boeing said it would make a 747X to rival the Airbus A3XX. However, airlines did not like the 747X enough, so it was cancelled. A year later, Boeing began concentrating on the Sonic Cruiser. The Sonic Cruiser was stopped, so Boeing then focused on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Some of the ideas that Boeing had for the 747X were used on the 747-400ER.

In 2004, Boeing said that it might work on the 747 Advanced. Boeing decided to go ahead with this. The 747 Advanced used some things from the 787 to make the 747's design more modern. The 747 was the world's biggest passenger plane until the Airbus A380 was finished in 2007.

On November 14, 2005, Boeing said it had changed the name of the 747 Advanced to the Boeing 747-8. The last 747-400s were made in 2009. On February 8, 2010, the 747-8 Freighter made its first flight. Cargolux got the first 747–8 in 2011. Eventually, the 747 will be replaced by "Y3".

The Boeing 747 is a big, wide-body airliner. It has four engines on the wings, and the wings are swept at 37.5 degrees, so the 747 can fly very fast. The sweep also means that the 747 does not need any special hangars.

Since the cockpit is above the main deck, it makes a "hump", and because it is so high, the plane can have a cargo door installed at the front.

The 747-100 can fly for 5,300 nautical miles (6,100 mi, 9,800 km), and the 747-8i can fly for 8,000 nmi (9,200 mi, 14,815 km).

The 747 has special flaps, which allow the 747 to fly slowly and land on normal runways. A 747 can carry a fifth engine on the wing, but it cannot be used.

The 747-100 was the very first type of 747, which was made in 1966. The 747–200, the next version, was made in 1968. The 747-300 was made in 1980 and the 747-400 was made in 1985. The newest version, the 747–8, was announced in 2005. These types also have smaller sub-types. The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) names these planes by combining the model number of the plane with its type number. For example, the 747-100 is "B741" and the 747-400 is "B744".

The first 747-100s had six windows on the upper deck. Later, airlines began to use the upper deck to hold more people instead of using it as a lounge. Boeing then made an upper deck with ten windows. Some −100s had the new ten-window upper deck installed after the plane was made (retrofitted). The −100 had Pratt & Whitney JT9D-3A engines. Boeing did not make a freighter version of the 747–100, but some airlines have turned some 747-100s into freighters. 167 747-100s were made.

After Japanese airlines requested an aircraft to fly routes between major cities in Japan, Boeing produced the -100SR. This model flies shorter distances, but is able to carry more passengers. The first -100SR started flying with Japan Air Lines (JAL) on October 7, 1973. The -100SR had four General Electric CF6-45A2 or Pratt & Whitney JT9D-7A engines. A total of 7 -100SR were produced.

Later, Boeing designed a type of -100SR with the ability of taking off with greater weight. This was the -100BSR. It was first delivered to All Nippon Airways (ANA) on December 21, 1978. 20 -100BSR were delivered to JAL and ANA.

In 1986, 2 -100BSR with stretched upper deck (SUD) from the -300 series were delivered to JAL. It was the last -100SR/BSR ever built. The last delivery was to JAL, in September 1986. There were a total of 29 -100SR/BSR made.

The 747SP (SP means special performance) is designed as Pan Am and Iran Air both wanted a wide-body plane that can fly long distances; from New York to the Middle East (for Pan Am) and Tehran to New York (for Iran Air). The first 747SP was produced on May 19, 1975. Its first flight was on July 4. On this flight, it flew at a top speed of Mach 0.92 (). It started flying people on April 25, 1976, after being delivered on March 5. Now, it is not often used. A total of 45 747SP were made and used by airlines like Qantas, China Airlines, Air China, and South African Airways.

After the -100 were made, Boeing started making -200. The -200 has a longer range, but still carries the same number of people. This is because airlines said the -100 could not fly long distances. The -200 is made in passenger type (-200B), freighter type (-200F), Combi type (A plane that carries both cargo and people; -200M) and convertible type (a plane that can be easily changed to carry cargo; -200C).

The first -200B was finished on September 10, 1970 before its first flight on October 11 and finally, it started being used by KLM. Boeing then started making the other types of -200. The -200F first flight was on November 30, 1971, 7 days after it was finished. It was then delivered to Lufthansa.

The -200C first flew on March 23, 1973 before being delivered to World Airways in May the same year. Finally, the -200M had its first flight on November 11, 1974 before being delivered to Air Canada.

There was a total of 393 -200 series ever made, which includes 225 -200B, 78 -200M, 73 -200F, 13 -200C and 4 military.

The 747-300 is a stretched upper deck version of the 747–200. It was designed to fit more passengers on the upper deck. The 747-300 also has updated General Electric CF6-80C2 engines. Otherwise, there are not many differences between the 747-200 and 747–300. The 747-300 has a length of 231 feet 10 inches and a wingspan of 195 feet 8 inches.

The 747-400 was the next-generation Boeing 747 introduced in 1989. It is the best-selling variant of the Boeing 747. It includes improvements over the 747-300 including new engines, and new winglets, which improve fuel efficiency. Its length is the same as the 747-300 but the wingspan has been increased to 211 feet 5 inches. The 747-400 retains the same longer upper deck as the 747-300 (excluding freighter versions), and came in six variants: the 747–400, 747-400F, 747-400M, 747-400D, 747-400ER, and the 747-400ERF.

The last variant of the Boeing 747 was announced in 2005 and released in 2011. It includes a longer stretched upper deck, a new Boeing Sky Interior, an updated flight deck, new wings based on ones from the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, and new GEnx turbofan engines. It totals 250 feet in length, making it the longest commercial passenger jet ever built. The 747-8 comes in two variants: 747-8I and 747-8F (freighter).

1081

1081 was a common year.


Richard Trevithick

Richard Trevithick (April 13,1771 - April 22, 1833) was a Cornish inventor and engineer. He is best known for making the first working steam locomotive. However, it was designed to be a road vehicle, not a railroad one.

Trevithick was from the heart of a big mining area in Cornwall, U.K. His parents were Richard Trevithick (1735-1797) and Ann Teague (d. 1810.) In 1797, Trevithick married Jane Harvey. He died of pneumonia in 1833.

Wasilla, Alaska

Wasilla is a small city in the U.S. state of Alaska, about 43 miles from Anchorage. It is one of the ten largest cities in Alaska. Sarah Palin was once mayor and owns a house with her family there.

The city's population was 9,054 at the 2020 census.


Rantoul, Illinois

Rantoul is a village in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. Almost 12,000 people were living in Rantoul as of 2020. Rantoul has an area of 8.6 square miles.

Winter Springs, Florida

Winter Springs is a city in Florida. It is sometimes considered a suburb of Orlando.

Winter Springs has a total area of 15 square miles.

Fredericton, New Brunswick

Fredericton is the capital city of New Brunswick, Canada. It is filled with rich history. Fredericton is on the Saint John River. There is a playhouse. There are scenic walking trails. Frederiction is the capital of New Brunswick. The population of Fredericton was 1,886 at the 2011 census.

Fredericton is known as a cultural and artistic city in New Brunswick. The city hosts an annual Harvest Jazz & Blues Festival which attracts both regional as well as international jazz, blues, rock, and world musicians.


Clearwater, Florida

Clearwater is a city in Florida, it is in the Tampa Bay area. It is the county seat of Pinellas County.

The first Hooters restaurant opened here in 1984. The Church of Scientology's international headquarters is also in the city.

Jordanhill railway station

Jordanhill railway station is in a suburb of Glasgow, Scotland. It is a station where passenger trains stop on the First ScotRail railway line. The station opened on August 1, 1887 as part of a different railway line.

On March 2, 2006, a new article on the Jordanhill railway station became English Wikipedia's one-millionth article.

Googolplex

A googolplex is the number 10, equivalent to 10 or 10 or 

Like the number "googol", "googolplex" was thought of by Milton Sirotta, the nephew of mathematician Edward Kasner.

The company Google named their headquarters, the Googleplex, after the number.

A googolplexplex is a 1 followed by a Googolplex amount of zeros which is 10 (10 ).


Flint

Flint, or flintstone, is a kind of sedimentary rock, made of silica.

Bands of flint are found embedded in chalk and other kinds of soft limestone. 

When the chalk is eroded, the hard flint nodules survive as pebbles on a shingle beach. It may happen that the pebbles later get cemented into another rock, such as a puddingstone. In this way, they make up a sedimentary rock for the second time.

Flint is a cryptocrystalline (means you can't see the crystals) form of the mineral quartz. It is a variety of chert. It occurs as a line of knobbly masses in chalk and some limestones. Inside the nodule, flint is usually translucent, and can be various colours. A thin layer on the outside of the nodules is usually different in colour, typically white and rough in texture.

Flintstones often have a rough lumpy surface but when they are broken, they look like dark glass. It has been one of the most useful types of stone to humankind.

Flint was used by hominins for over three million years. Stone tools found at Lake Turkana in Kenya, are dated as 3.3 million years old. This predates the genus "Homo" by half a million years. The oldest known "Homo" fossil is 2.8 million years old compared to the 3.3 million year old stone tools.

When flintstones are broken, they have a sharp edge which could be used as a knife, or a scraper. When flint and an iron-containing material such as pyrite or steel are hit together, they can make a spark. For many centuries, flint was one of the main ways for people in many countries to make fire. People would carry a little box called a "tinder box" which had some tinder along with flint and pyrite or steel. The tinder was used to catch the spark and start a fire. Tinder could be sawdust, cloth, grass or bark. Flints were later used to make a spark to fire a gun. A gun that used flint was called a "flintlock" gun.

Flintstones are used in some countries for building. In England the flintstones used for building were often "knapped" which means they were broken to show the inside, like the stones used for the tower of Long Melford Church (below). This gave a better finish to the building that the dull knobbly stones would have made.


Valley Center, California

Valley Center is a census-designated place in San Diego County, California. It has a population of 10,087 people.

Newbridge, County Kildare

Newbridge (Droichead Nua in Gaelic) is a town in County Kildare, Republic of Ireland. It is the second largest town in Kildare.

Anaheim, California

Anaheim is a city in the United States. It was founded by German immigrants in 1857. It is the home of Disneyland, and two professional sports teams, The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim (baseball) and the Anaheim Ducks (ice hockey). In 2012, there was a riot following a police officer shooting a man.

Chair

A Chair is a piece of furniture that is usually made out of wood or plastic. It can also be made out of fabric, metal, wool, and stone. There can be different variants of chairs like stools, rocking chairs, gaming chairs, folding chairs, and armchairs. There are also wide variety of chairs, those with fabric are often called sofas, or couches, while those many without fabric are often referred to as benches. There are also less conventional chairs such as bean bag chairs and swinging chairs.

Navigation

Navigation is the methods used to learn where someone is and how to go to another place. Since this is easy when landmarks are visible, the word is often limited to the methods ships or aircraft use. The word "navigation" was invented in the 15th century from the Latin word "navis" which means "ship" and is found in other Indo-European languages. Navigation is literally "art of ship mastery" but is also used for 'finding one's way'. The Global Positioning System is the main tool for it.

One type of navigation was made by the Polynesians and is called Polynesian navigation. Polynesians used different things found all around them to find their way across large areas of open ocean. Other early people also learned how to travel large distances using the natural world. For example:


An example of people who used the stars were the Vikings. They knew that the star called Polaris (the North Star) does not change location and points to the north. They would then know the latitude (distance from the equator), by measuring the angle between Polaris and the horizon. They also used animals, especially birds, to know if land was nearby. They also knew that specific kind of clouds form near land and that waves are different near land than at high seas.

As time went by better methods of navigation were invented or discovered. Some of these methods are:









Hercules (1997 movie)

Hercules is a 1997 American-Greek animated musical fantasy comedy movie based on the legendary Greek mythology hero Heracles (known in the movie by his Roman name, Hercules), the son of Zeus in Greek mythology. The movie was directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, and was produced by Curious Pictures.

"Go the Distance" was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. It lost both to Celine Dion's hit "My Heart Will Go On" from "Titanic".


Additionally, Tawatha Agee, Jack Angel, Shelton Becton, Bob Bergen, Rodger Bumpass, Jennifer Darling, Grey DeLisle, Debi Derryberry, Bill Farmer, Milt Grayson, Michael Lerner, Sherry Lynn, Mickie McGowan, Laraine Newman, Denise Pickering, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Riley Steiner, Alfonzo Thornton, Brian Tochi, Erik von Detten, Frank Welker, Billy West, Samuel West and Ken Williams provided additional voices.


The Karate Kid

The Karate Kid is a 1984 American drama movie starring Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita. It tells the story of a boy named Daniel LaRusso who moves with his mother from New Jersey to Los Angeles, California. Daniel has trouble adjusting and is bullied by a teenager named Johnny Lawrence and his friends at his school. Mr. Miyagi (Morita), the mechanic from the apartment building Daniel lives in, teaches Daniel martial arts, so he can fight the bullies in a tournament. The movie was very successful and was compared to the boxing movie "Rocky". It was followed by three sequels: "The Karate Kid Part II", "The Karate Kid Part III", "The Next Karate Kid" and a remake in 2010.


533

533 was a common year.


Crazy Horse

Crazy Horse (born about 1838 – died September 5, 1877) was an Oglala Sioux Native American chief. There is a huge sculpture being carved of him in South Dakota, United States. 

When Crazy Horse was first born he was given the name 'Curly'. When he was young, he had a vision when he was not supposed to and his family did not know where he was. His father found him and was very unhappy at what young Curly had done.
As Crazy Horse grew into a man, he was given his father's name Crazy Horse. His father then changed his own name to Worm. 

Crazy Horse had good medicine, so he was never killed when he went into battle. He led his people to the Little Bighorn river in northern Montana to join forces with other Sioux bands like the Hunkpapa and Miniconjou, and with other tribes like the Cheyennes and Arapahos. There they fought General George Armstrong Custer, killing and defeating him and his many horsemen.

Eventually Crazy Horse made a tough decision to lead his people, the Oglalas, to a reservation because they were starving. Game was scarce and the bison (buffalo) were nearly gone. He had no choice but to leave the Black Hills. When he arrived at Fort Robinson, he was forced to give up his weapons and horses. This made him very unhappy. One day, even though he was granted time to go on a hunt, he was lied to and, trying to get away, he was stabbed in his liver and died later that night, thus ending the Great Sioux War.

"Once I moved about like the wind. Now I surrender to you and that is all"
Quote by Geronimo, Chief of the Apaches .

The Sioux Royal Family, the House of Thasunke Witko, are descendants of Crazy Horse. A queen, Queen Wakiyan, was elected Queen of the Kingdom of Lakota (in Sioux, "Oglala Oyanke") and of the Oglala Sioux, and tried to improve the economy at the Pine Ridge Reservation with creativity and imagination, and to bring the Sioux forward into modern times;however, a conspiracy of jealous chieftains who were both male chauvinists opposed to having a female leader and also a corrupt group of men jealous of their own power and who prefer to preside over the poverty of the Sioux People, ruthlessly trumped up false allegations in order to depose this good queen.

According to Frederick Hoxie's 'Encyclopedia of North American Indians' Crazy Horse was the third in his male line of descent to bear the name of Crazy Horse, which in Oglala is Tasunke Witko. Tasunke Witko III was the son of Rattling Blanket Woman and Tasunke Witko II. He married three times: 1st to Black Buffalo Woman, 2nd to Black Shawl, and 3rd to Nellie Larrabee (Laravie). Only his second wife, Black Shawl, bore him any children: a daughter named They Are Afraid of Her, who died aged three.

He-Man and the Masters of the Universe

He-Man and the Masters of the Universe is a cartoon series, that first came out in 1983 and ended in 1985. It aired in first run syndication. It was based on a popular toy line and was the first series in the "Masters of the Universe" franchise.

The series told the story of He-Man, a superhero wielding a magical sword, and his battle to protect the planet Eternia from the evil demon called Skeletor.



Fantasia Barrino

Fantasia Barrino (born June 30, 1984) is an American singer. She was the winner of the third season of "American Idol".

Cabrillo Beach

Cabrillo Beach is a historic beach in San Pedro, California. 
Cabrillo has two separate beach areas.

Los Angeles City and Los Angeles County Lifeguards are responsible for the beach and ocean safety in and around the Cabrillo Beach area. 

Cabrillo Beach is next to the Los Angeles Harbor and is only a short boat ride away from Catalina Island.

Cabrillo Beach is a popular destination for those interested in water sports, such as windsurfing, kayaking and SCUBA diving. 
Cabrillo Beach is known by windsurfers as "Hurricane Gulch" because of its predictably strong winds.

It is also home to a few famous landmarks, namely the 1.75 mile Los Angeles Breakwater which ends at the Angeles Gate Lighthouse, the recently restored Cabrillo Beach Bathhouse, and the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium. The Angels Gate Lighthouse is home to the annual Angel's Gate Lighthouse Swim competition, held by Lifeguards and San Pedro residents each summer.

Chulalongkorn University

Chulalongkorn University () is the oldest university in Thailand. It has been ranked as the number 1 university in Thailand. It is in Bangkok (the capital city of Thailand). It was founded in 1917. Currently, there are about 30,000 students. The name of the university comes from the name of one of the kings of Thailand, Chulalongkorn (Rama V).

QS World University Ranking by Subject 2017

27 subjects that CU tops in the country's list includes:

Arts & Humanities
Engineering & Technology
Life Sciences & Medicine
Natural Sciences
Social Sciences & Management
9 subjects that CU comes in second on the country's list includes:

Arts & Humanities
Engineering & Technology
Life Sciences & Medicine
Social Sciences & Management
3 subjects that CU ranks third in the country's list includes:

Arts & Humanities
Social Sciences & Management
Other Rankings

International Programs offered at Chulalongkorn University


for more details see Graduate School, Chulalongkorn University.

Normally, this university spends 4 years for studying the same as other universities but Faculty of Education, and Faculty of Architecture spends 5 years for studying. While Faculty of Veterinary Science, Faculty of Medicine, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Faculty of Dentistry spends 6 years.


Khartoum

Khartoum or Khartum ( ; ) is the capital city of Sudan. It is also Sudan's largest city. It is where the Blue Nile and main Nile come together. Its name means "elephant tusk". Two other cities nearby are Omdurman and Khartoum North.

Khartoum has a hot desert climate ("BWh" in the Koeppen climate classification).
Khartoum has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification "BWh"). It is very dry in the winter. This is normal in the Saharo-Sahelian zone. The climate is very dry for most of the year. In eight months of the year, the average rainfall is less than of rain.

In August, there is a little bit of rain. The most amount of rainfall in this month is about . The rainy season is usually windy. The average amount of rainfall is very low. There is only of precipitation on average in a year. The highest temperatures usually are during two main parts of the year. The first is in the late dry season when the temperatures are usually above from April to June. The second is in the early dry season. Here, the average highs are above in September and October. Temperatures are usually colder in the night. The lowest average low temperature in the year in January is just above . Khartoum is one of the hottest major cities on Earth. It has an annual mean temperature of . In most months, the monthly average temperatures doesn't get below . This is usually not seen in any other majors cities with hot desert climates like Riyadh, Baghdad and Phoenix.

Almost 250,000 Syrians lived in Khartoum in 2019, representing 5% of all of the people in the city. Most of the population are young men who have fled war in Syria. Sudan was the only country in the world to accept travelers that has a Syrian passport but didn't have a visa.


Konkani language

Konkani is a language from India. Konkani belongs to Indo-Aryan family of languages. It is the official language of Goa, a state in India. 

Some people from the part of India known as Konkan speak Konkani language. Konkan is on the west coast of India.

The name "Konkani" means "from the Konkan". The word "Konkan" means corner (kona) and piece/part of earth (kana). The name of the language comes from the place where it is spoken.

People write Konkani in many different scripts (writing systems or alphabets). People from different regions use different scripts. Hindu Konkani people from Goa and Maharashtra use Devanagari script. Konkani people from Karnataka use Kannada script. Christains in Goa use Roman script. Konkani Muslims use Arabic script. Konkani people from Kerala use Malayalam script. Devanagari is the official script.

Trench

A trench is a long, narrow ditch.

Trench warfare has often been used in defense. Entrenched soldiers can be somewhat safe from enemy fire. Trench warfare made World War I longer than expected. The trench coat got its name from there.

Several kinds of trench exist:

Trench coat

A trench coat (or trenchcoat) is a type of outdoor clothing. Trenchcoats are long coats made from stiff material, like heavy-duty cotton. They were invented for soldiers to wear in The First World War to keep them warm. Most trench coats also protect the wearer against rain.

In the 1950s, trench coats became a popular fashion item. In the 1980s and 1990s, trench coats were worn by punk rock musicians and gothic rock musicians. There have been many remodels of it.

Trumpet

A trumpet is a brass instrument used mainly in Classical music and jazz music. The most common type of trumpet is a B♭ trumpet, meaning that if the player plays a C, it will sound like a B♭ in concert pitch. The trumpet is played by blowing into the mouthpiece and making a "buzzing" sound. There are three keys called valves that the player can press to change the pitch.

The trumpet has been around for about 3000 years. An early example of a brass instrument like a trumpet is called a shofar, which is still used in religious ceremonies. Eventually people started making trumpet-like instruments with wood (for example, the cornetto), and later, with brass. Modern bugles are similar to early metal trumpets.

Many years ago, when the use of instrumental music was growing, trumpets became very important. Trumpets were long and without valves. This meant a player had to control the pitch of the sound with only his mouth, which was very difficult. Everyone respected trumpet players because trumpets were just so difficult to play.

The chromatic trumpet was developed in the late 18th century. In the 19th century, good valves made it easier to play notes on the trumpet. Still, trumpet is a difficult instrument to master.

Classical music is written for solo trumpet, and trumpets are included in orchestras. Trumpets play an important part in Jazz music, and other various popular genres. Sometimes, they also play short parts to emphasize sections in rock songs.

Some famous classical trumpet players are Adolph Herseth, Sergei Nakariakov and Maurice Andre.

Some famous jazz trumpet players are Miles Davis, Louis Armstrong, Arturo Sandoval, Wynton Marsalis, Dizzy Gillespie, and Maynard Ferguson.

Microwave

A microwave is a high-frequency radio wave. They are broadly defined as having a wavelength between 1 millimeter and 1 meter, or narrowly between 3 mm and 300 mm. Microwaves have many uses including radar, radio astronomy, and to heat food in a microwave oven. Unlike longer radio waves, they do not bend around land obstacles but go in line of sight. Still, they are much used for communication because they can have a high bandwidth. Almost all spacecraft communicate by microwave radio.

When something moves, it almost always has a wave pattern to its movement - this can be seen in water most easily, in ripples and ocean waves. A very common type of wave in the universe is electromagnetic waves. Light is an example of an electromagnetic wave, and so is a microwave, for example the cosmic microwave background radiation. We can only see electromagnetic radiation in the visible light spectrum (which is why it's called the visible light spectrum), so microwaves are invisible.

Microwaves were among the first radio waves discovered, in the late 19th century, by Heinrich Rudolf Hertz.

Microwave ovens work because microwaves make polar molecules (molecules that act like tiny magnets) all face the same direction - to visualize it, imagine that the microwave oven is telling all of the molecules to face left, then right. Heat is just the movement of molecules, so when the molecules do a great amount of moving, they are hot. 

Like other heat sources, microwave radiation can cause burns. They can go through skin and muscles. If vital organs are burned, the burns can kill. This is why a microwave oven does not work with the door open. 

Microwave oven

A microwave oven (commonly called a microwave) is a machine that cooks food using microwaves, a type of radio wave. The idea was invented when a scientist who was experimenting with radio waves saw his chocolate bar, which was in his pocket, had melted. He then knew that radio waves could cook food and invented the microwave oven. 

In 1945, the heating effect of a high-power microwave beam was accidentally discovered by Percy Spencer, an American self-taught engineer from Howland, Maine. Hired by Raytheon at the time, he noticed that microwaves from an active radar set he was working on started to melt a chocolate bar he had in his pocket. First, Spencer deliberately cooked popcorn with a microwave oven. And the second time, he cooked an egg, which exploded in the face of one of the experimenters. 

To prove his finding, Spencer created a high-density electromagnetic field by feeding microwave power from a magnetron into a metal box from which it had no way to escape. When food was placed in the box with the microwave energy, the temperature of the food rose rapidly. On 8 October 1945, Raytheon filed a United States patent application for Spencer's microwave cooking process, and an oven that heated food using microwave energy from a magnetron was soon placed in a Boston restaurant for testing.

The microwave oven uses a magnetron, which is a type of vacuum tube. This is similar to a radio transmitter. It makes very short radio waves which go into the food to a depth of about 2.5cm (one inch). This makes water molecules twist about 2.5 billion times a second. This heats up the molecules around it. As they heat up the heat goes to the inside of the food. This process is called conduction. This also happens in a normal oven, but microwave energy goes deeper so that the food cooks much faster. In an ordinary oven, the energy stays mostly near the surface, so it takes more time.

The microwave oven also has a waveguide, turntable, and a timer switch. When we place the food inside the chamber and turn the timer switch on, it sends a signal to the magnetron to send microwaves, as well as to the turntable to start turning. The microwaves of microwave ovens can heat foods containing polar molecules, such as water, as polar molecules are prone to the vibration effect caused by the microwaves. To heat the food evenly the microwave's turntable spins the food around. 

Metals will cause sparks in microwaves, instead of heating. This is because metals like to give away electrons, so when the microwaves "push" at their magnet-like electrons, instead of turning, they just give the electrons away. A bunch of electrons running off of metal is called electricity, and we see it in the form of sparks. Dry foods like ramen will sometimes burn and start fires in microwave ovens if water is not used with the food. 



Cobalt

Cobalt (chemical symbol Co) is a chemical element. It has an atomic number of 27 and an atomic mass of about 59. It is a metal.

Cobalt is a transition metal. It is shiny and conducts electricity. It is magnetic. It is a hard metal. It is moderately reactive. Iron is more reactive and copper is less reactive. It dissolves slowly in acids. This reaction makes hydrogen and a salt of cobalt. Cobalt is normally in its +2 oxidation state as an ion. Some chemical compounds contain cobalt ions in its +4 oxidation state. Cobalt(II) chloride is one of the most common cobalt compounds. Many cobalt compounds are blue or pink. One of them is black.

Cobalt comes in two oxidation states, +2 and +3. Most soluble cobalt compounds are red. They can also be green, blue, brown, and black.




Cobalt is too reactive to occur as a pure element in the earth. It is found in certain minerals. It is found with copper and nickel deposits. Normally the three metals are bonded to arsenic and sulfur. The majority of cobalt mining is in central Africa. 

It is found as a byproduct (left over substance) when copper and nickel are produced. It is made by reaction with the sludge from copper and nickel processing.

Cobalt is used in some types of steel. It hardens the steel. It is also used to make very strong tough alloys. These alloys are known as superalloys. Some cobalt compounds are used in the lithium-ion battery. Cobalt compounds were used as an artificial food coloring until 1971. It was discovered that it has harmful effects. It is used to make glass blue. It is also used as a catalyst, and in some medicines, and for ink, pigments, dyes, and varnishes.

The human body needs small amounts of cobalt for certain vitamins. Cobalt compounds are used to stop cyanide from poisoning the body.

People need cobalt compounds in small amounts, but cobalt is toxic in large quantities. Sometimes cobalt compounds were added to beer, and people that drank it were poisoned. It can cause skin irritation when touched.

Canidae

Canidae is a family of carnivorous and omnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora. Animals that belong to the family Canidae are called canids. The family Canidae is divided into two tribes: Vulpini ("true foxes"), and Canini ("true dogs").
Canids of the tribe Vulpini (foxes) are called "vulpines". Canids of the tribe Canini (wolves, dogs, coyotes and others) are called "canines". Some people call all these canids, including Vulpini, "canines", but this is wrong.

Examples of canids are dogs, wolves, foxes, coyotes, and jackals.



Nickel

Nickel (chemical symbol Ni) is an element. It has an atomic number of 28 and an atomic mass of about 58.69amu. It has 28 protons. It is a transition metal. 

Nickel is a silver-white metal. It is easily polished (made shiny). It is magnetic. It is not magnetic when heated above . It is not soft like many other metals. It can be stretched into wires easily. It is not radioactive.
Nickel is not a reactive metal. It dissolves slowly in acids. It does not rust like iron. It makes a thin coating of nickel(II) oxide which stops more corrosion. Aluminium does a similar thing. 

Nickel is found in two oxidation states: +2, nickel(II); and +3, nickel(III). Nickel(II) is more common. Nickel in its +2 oxidation state is green. Nickel(II) chloride is a common +2 oxidation state compound. Nickel(II) oxide is normally dark green, but sometimes it is gray. This is because some of the nickel is in the +3 oxidation state (nickel(III). Nickel(III) compounds are oxidizing agents. They also are grayish. Nickel compounds can be green, blue, gray, or black.

Nickel(II) compounds are not highly reactive. They are normally green or blue. They are toxic and irritate skin. Some of them are carcinogens.

Nickel(III) compounds are black or gray.

The isotopes of nickel range in atomic weight from Ni to Ni. Nickel that is found in nature is made up of five stable isotopes; Ni, Ni, Ni, Ni and Ni.

At least 26 radioisotopes of nickel have been found. The most stable radioisotope is Ni which has a half-life of 76,000 years. Nickel also has one meta state.

Nickel was found when an ore that looked like copper did not make copper metal. Later it was found that the ore actually had a new metal, called nickel. Nickel was isolated as a metal and classified as a chemical element by Axel Fredrik Cronstedt in 1751. At first, the copper colored nickel ore was the only source. Later, it was made as a byproduct of cobalt blue making.

Nickel is normally found as a mineral, and not as a metal in the ground. Sometimes meteorites have nickel and iron metal in them. The most common nickel mineral is pentlandite. Most of the nickel on Earth is thought to be in the Earth's Earth's outer and inner cores. There are sulfidic and lateritic nickel ores. Philippines mines the most nickel. Other major mining countries are Russia, Canada and Australia. All the older rocks on Earth have some rare metals. They are got by mining where the ores are most plentiful.

Nickel is found in both laterite and sulfide ores. They are heated to melt them and concentrate them. They are also separated by oils. Nickel is made from its sulfide by heating it in air. This oxidizes the sulfide to sulfur dioxide, leaving liquid nickel behind. This nickel is not yet pure and not ready for use. 

Pure nickel with a nickel content greater than 99% is made in an electrolytic process. In this process, the nickel is dissolved in bath of sulfuric acid. When the pure nickel sticks to cathodes hanging into the bath, the impurities remain in the sulfuric acid or at the bottom of the bath. These impurities are very interesting, as they can contain precious metals. 

Nickel is got by mining: the ore is roasted and reduced. This gives a metal of over 75% purity. In many stainless steel applications, 75% pure nickel is usable.

Sixty-eight percent of all nickel produced is used to make stainless steel. Nickel is also used in nichrome, a name for a nickel-chromium alloy, and other alloys. Nickel is used in magnets. Nickel is used in special expensive alloys called superalloys.

Nickel sulphate is used in rechargeable batteries. A lithium ion battery contains up to 15% of nickel while the lithium content is less than 1%. A nickel cadmium battery also uses nickel. Nickel compounds are also used to electroplate nickel on items. Nickel and some of its compounds are also used as a catalyst. Nickel is used in stainless steel. It is also used in some nonferrous alloys. It is used in electroplating.

Nickel is used to make many products like stainless steel, alnico magnet, coinage, rechargeable batteries, electric guitar strings, microphone capsules and plating on plumbing fixtures. It is used as a green tint in glass.

Nickel foam is used in gas diffusion electrodes for alkaline fuel cells.

Nickel and its alloys are used as catalysts for hydrogenation reactions. Nickel is used as a binder in the cemented tungsten carbide.

Ni is used in krytron devices as a beta particle emitter to make ionization by the keep-alive electrode more reliable. Raney nickel is used for hydrogenation of unsaturated oils to make margarine.

Nickel can irritate skin. That is why jewelry that releases nickel ions is bad for some people. Some nickel salts are carcinogens. Nickel is not as toxic as other metals such as mercury but it is still toxic.


Fox

A fox is a small mammalian carnivore. They hunt and eat live prey, mostly rabbits and rodents (squirrels and mice). They may also eat grasshoppers, birds' eggs, and even fruit and berries. Sometimes they eat carrion. Foxes are the smallest members of the dog family Canidae.

Twelve species belong to the "Vulpes" genus of monophyletic "true foxes". There are about another 25 living or extinct species which are sometimes called foxes.

The fox has pointed ears, narrow snout, and a bushy tail.

Foxes are swift and agile runners which live in family groups. A female fox is called a "vixen", and a male is called a "dog". Foxes' tails are multi-purpose organs. Their bushy tail helps them keep warm while they are sleeping in cold weather. It is also part of the animal's food store for wintertime. Foxes' plump, bushy tail is easily seen, and is used for sending signals to its family members. The tail is also used for balance while running.

Foxes are found on all continents (except Antarctica), mostly living in forest, shrubland, and desert regions. They were not native to Australia, but were introduced in some way. The most common fox species is the red fox. Red foxes have reddish-brown fur, and the tail tip is white. In the United Kingdom, it was a common sport for people to hunt foxes with horses and dogs. This is now banned.

The informal term 'true fox' refers to members of the Vulpes genus.

There are 12 species of "Vulpus". They are:

The arctic fox is included in this genus as "Vulpes lagopus". There is genetic evidence that shows it is probably a true fox.

Some species of true fox are extinct. Fossils have been found of:


Food pyramid

A food pyramid is a chart that can be used to see how many servings of each food should be eaten each day. It is for having good health.

Grains give carbohydrates and some vitamins and minerals. Vegetables and fruits give a lot of vitamins, some minerals, and few fats, but fruits often have more calories and sugar. Dairy products (like milk, cheese, yogurt, etc.) have protein, some fat, and a lot of calcium, an element that helps build strong bones. Meat have protein, some fat, and B vitamins. Fats, oils, and sweets give calories, fats, and sugars but not a lot of nutrition.

The food pyramid has been criticized for recommending huge amounts of grains as that is a lot of carbohydrates.


Torso

The torso also known as the trunk, is the part of the human body where the limbs are attached. Some people also call it the trunk. It is made of chest, back, and abdomen.


Age of Mythology

Age of Mythology is a real-time strategy computer game made by Ensemble Studios. The game has an expansion to it named "". "Age of Mythology" is a spinoff of the "Age of Empires" game series.


Mississauga

Mississauga, Ontario is the sixth-largest city in Canada and the third largest city in Ontario (after Toronto and Ottawa). It borders the largest city in Canada, Toronto. In fact, it is a part of the Greater Toronto Area. Toronto Pearson International Airport is in Mississauga.

On August 2, 1805, Toronto Township was formed when officials from York (what is now the City of Toronto) purchased 84,000 acres (340 km²) of land from the Mississaugas. In January 2010, the Mississaugas and the federal government settled a land claim. The aboriginal people received $145,000,000 from that.

After the land was surveyed, much of it was given in the form of land grants to United Empire Loyalists. They emigrated from the Thirteen Colonies during and after the American Revolution, as well as loyalists from New Brunswick. A group of settlers from New York City arrived in the 1830s. In 1820, the government purchased additional land from the Mississaugas. Additional settlements were established, including: Barbertown, Britannia, Burnhamthorpe, Derry West, Elmbank, Malton, Meadowvale Village, Mount Charles, and Streetsville. European-Canadian growth led to the eventual displacement of the Mississaugas. In 1847, the government relocated them to a reserve in the Grand River Valley, near present-day Hagersville.

In 1873, the Toronto Township Council was formed to oversee the events of the various villages that were unincorporated at that time. The council's responsibilities included road maintenance, and a police force. Most of present-day Mississauga was agricultural land: including fruit orchards, through much of the 19th and first half of the 20th century. Exceptions included small villages, some gristmills and brickworks served by railway lines,

In the 1920s, cottages were constructed along the shores of Lake Ontario for people who lived in the city. 17 years later in 1937, 1,410.8 acres of land was sold to build the Malton Airport (later known as the Pearson Airport). It became Canada's busiest airport which also put the end to the community of Elmank.

The township settlements of Lakeview, Cooksville, Lorne Park, Clarkson, Erindale, Sheridan, Dixie, Meadowvale Village, and Malton were combined in 1968 to form the Town of Mississauga. At the time, both Port Credit and Streetsville were left out and remained separate. The town name was chosen by voting. In 1974, Port Credit and Streetsville became part of Mississauga. In that same year, the Square One Shopping Centre opened.

On November 10, 1979, a freight train left its tracks on the Canadian Pacific rail line while carrying explosive and poisonous chemicals just north of the intersection of Mavis Road and Dundas Street. One of the tank cars carrying propane exploded. Since other tank cars were carrying chlorine, the decision was made to evacuate nearby residents. With the possibility of a deadly cloud of chlorine gas spreading through Mississauga, 218,000 people were evacuated. Residents were allowed to return home, once the area was safe. It was one of the largest evacuations in North American history.

Mississauga covers of land, with of shoreline on Lake Ontario.

Mississauga is a quickly growing and multicultural city. Statistics Canada estimates that Mississauga now has 704,000 people, an increase of 150,000 from the previous decade and the population has almost doubled in the past twenty years.

The city of Mississauga has only had four mayors in its past and it was created in 1974. This is because in Mississauga usually mayors serve for a very long time. For example, Hazel McCallion, 99, has been mayor from 1978. The current mayor is who assumed office in December 2014.


Mississauga is split into 11 wards (parts) each of them having their own councillor.

Also, Mississauga is the largest city in Canada where there are more women in the council than men.

Mississauga has six legislative (government) ridings that are the same for the Canadian government and the Ontario government. The Canadian government has people in charge of those ridings called M.P.'s (Member of Parliament) and the Ontario government has M.P.P.'s (Member of Provincial Parliament) in charge of them.

Cambridge, Massachusetts

Cambridge is a city in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, just outside of Boston.

It is the home of Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).

The second Wikimania was hosted in this city in 2006.

1684

1684 was a leap year that started on Saturday when using the Gregorian calendar.





1713

1713 was a common year.



1743

1743 was a common year.

Coyote

The coyote ("Canis latrans") is a canid wild dog from North America. It is also called the prairie wolf, brush wolf or American jackal.

The word "coyote" comes from the Náhuatl (Aztec) word cóyotl.

Coyotes are smaller than wolves. The color of the coyote's fur is a grayish brown to yellowish gray on the upper parts, while the throat and underside are a more white color. The forelegs, sides of the head, muzzle and feet are reddish brown. The ears of the coyote are long and pointed.

Coyotes live mostly in North America and some areas of Central America but they are very adaptable and can live in almost any environment. They live in prairies, but also in cities, swamps, grasslands, forests and mountains. They normally live in dens about 6 feet wide and four feet tall.

The coyote is an omnivore and eats fruits, grasses, vegetables, rabbits, mice, shrews and voles. They also eat insects, worms, rats, fish, birds, deer, snakes, and lizards. In the city, coyotes find food easily. They dig up plants in gardens and eat food out of garbage cans.

Sometimes, they join small packs (groups), but normally hunt alone. Coyotes live in dens. They dig a tunnel under the ground and then dig out a larger area at the end of the tunnel where they sleep and have their babies or pups. They can have six pups at a time. Often a coyote den will have two entrances, with one that is hidden. Sometimes they dig more than one den, so they can move if an enemy finds the den.

Coyotes have a few enemies. Their predators are wolves, bears and, cougars, but there are not many wolves left in North America compared to the number of coyotes. The biggest enemies of the coyote are humans. Coyotes rarely attack people, but sometimes eat small pets such as cats.

The coyote is a character of many myths from Native American peoples. The coyote is often portrayed as a joker, and stories are told to explain things he does. The Pima regard him as the offspring of the moon. Coyote is always male with an overwhelming reference to his large penis which requires a pack to carry it in. He is a lustful creature with desire for Changing Bear Maiden and by attempting to have sex with women by becoming a baby. Coyote also has incestuous relations with his mother-in-law and daughter. He is credited for removing the teeth of "vagina dentata" or by moving the genitals to the correct location on the body in order to make sex pleasurable. Coyote has an appetite for menstrual blood and relates to Lakota girls' puberty rite.

Coyote is often responsible for the finality of death and introduces work and suffering. The Apache believe he created Europeans. The Zuni believe he created pubic hair. The Pomo say he stole the sun and made the world dark. 

Coyote is curious and goes along with the crowd. He is a trickster, culture hero, and a feared shape-shifter. 

Vole

A vole is a small mouse-like mammal. It is a rodent from a subfamily called the Arvicolinae. They live in woodlands and grasslands.

There are about 155 species of voles. There are species in Europe, Asia, North Africa and North America. The closest relatives of voles are the lemmings and muskrats, which are in the same subfamily.

Adult voles, depending on the species, are 7.5 to 17.5 centimetres (three to seven inches) long. They eat seeds, grass or other plants, and insects.

Many animals hunt voles, for example owls, hawks, coyotes, foxes, weasels, cats and snakes.

The average life of the smaller vole species is three to six months. These voles rarely live longer than 12 months. Larger species, such as the European water vole "Arvicola", live longer. They usually die during their second winter. As many as 88% of voles die during the first month of life.

Isthmus

An isthmus is a narrow strip of land, with water on either side, that connects two bigger landmasses. For example, the Isthmus of Panama connects the continents of The Americas. Separating two water bodies and joining two land bodies, an isthmus is the opposite of a strait.

Rodent

Rodents (from Latin rodere, "to gnaw"), are mammals of the order Rodentia, which are characterized by a single pair of continuously growing incisors in each of the upper and lower jaws. 

Rodents comprise about 40% of all mammal species. They are native to all major land masses except for New Zealand, Antarctica, and several oceanic islands, though they have subsequently been introduced to most of these land masses by human activity.

Rodent is the naming term of all members of Rodentia order of mammals and can be identified by their teeth. Their incisors (upper and lower) grow throughout their lives. Gnawing on hard material keeps the teeth worn down and sharp. Lagomorphs such as rabbits and hares are often mistaken for rodents. These animals have an additional pair of upper incisors that rodents lack, a very successful number of mammals that form the order Rodentia. 

They have no more than 2 incisors. These keep growing, and must be kept worn down by gnawing (eroding teeth by grinding them on something hard); this is the origin of the name, from the Latin "rodere", "to gnaw", and "dent", "tooth".

Most rodents are small. Examples of commonly known rodents are mice, rats, chipmunks, and squirrels. Some other small rodents sometimes kept as pets are Guinea pigs, hamsters, and gerbils.
Examples of larger rodents are porcupines, beavers, and the largest living rodent, the capybara, which can grow to between 105 and 135 cm (40-55 in) in length, and weigh 35 to 65 kg (75-140 lbs).

Almost half of all mammal species are rodents. More examples of rodents are voles, prairie dogs, groundhogs, and chinchillas.

Rabbits, hares, and pikas are sometimes called rodents, because they also have teeth that keep growing. But in 1912 biologists decided to put them in a new, separate order, Lagomorpha, because they have two extra incisors in their upper jaw.

Shrews are sometimes called rodents, because they look like mice, but that is not correct. They are in the order Insectivora.

There are more families than these. The list includes the more common families.




Titan (moon)

Titan (Ancient Greek: "Τῑτάν") is Saturn's moon. It was found by Christiaan Huygens on 25 March 1655. Titan is a unique moon: it is the Solar System’s only moon to have an atmosphere.

Titan is the largest moon of Saturn and the second largest in the Solar System. Titan is larger than the planet Mercury, but it has less mass. Its equatorial diameter (width at the equator) is 5,150 km. It orbits 1,221,865 km away from Saturn. 

Titan is the only moon known to have an atmosphere and it is thicker than Earth’s. Humans could not breathe it: as it is very cold, and also poisonous. The air is made of nitrogen and methane. Titan is the only place in the Solar System, except Earth, that has lakes and much liquid on its surface. But the liquid is methane, not water.

Titan was discovered on 25 March 1655 by Christiaan Huygens, an astronomer from the Netherlands. Earlier, in 1610, Galileo Galilei had discovered four of Jupiter's moons. This inspired Huygens: he also wanted to discover new moons. Because Huygens had also improved the telescopes of the time, making them a lot better, he thought he might be able to discover a new moon.

Christiaan and his brother, Constantijn, started to build their own telescopes in 1650. Using the first telescope he ever built, Christiaan Huygens was able to see Titan. At first he called it "Luna Saturni", which means "Saturn's moon" (he did not know there was more than one). Through the years, lots of other moons have been discovered and today the moon is known as "Titan" or as "Saturn VI". The name "Titan", and all the names of Saturn's other moons, are from the Greek legends.

Titan is the only moon in the Solar System that has a thick atmosphere (the gases that surround a planet or moon). After the spacecraft Voyager I visited the moon on 12 November 1979, it showed that Titan's surface (the ground level) is hidden under an atmosphere that is 900 km thick. Before this, everyone thought that Titan was the biggest moon in the Solar System. Now we know that it is the second biggest, after Ganymede, one of Jupiter's moons.

Even though it is smaller, Titan is close in size to Ganymede. It is also close in size to the slightly smaller Callisto, another of Jupiter's moons. Not only is Titan a big moon, it is even bigger than the planet Mercury, but it only has half as much mass (it is much lighter). Because Titan does not have a lot of mass, scientist think that Titan is made of matter that is not very heavy, specifically frozen water and ammonia. Some scientists think that there is a lot of liquid water and ammonia underneath the surface, enough to fill an entire ocean. These scientists think that there might be a form of life inside this ocean.

At its centre, Titan has a rocky core that is about 3400 km thick. This core is made up of silicates and metals. The gravity (the force that keeps everything attached to the ground) is a lot weaker than here on earth. If you could jump 1m high on the Earth, you would be able to jump 7m high on Titan.

It takes Titan 15 days and 22 hours to orbit (travel) around Saturn. This is almost the same time it takes Saturn to rotate or spin around its own axis - one full spin. This is known as "synchronous rotation", which means that the same side of Titan is always pointed to Saturn.

The path in which Titan moves, its orbit, is very close to a circle, but not quite. We use the word "eccentricity" to describe the path that a moon or planet travels in. An image with an eccentricity of 0 (zero) has a path that is a perfect circle. If the eccentricity is more than 0, the path is less round (see image below). Titan's eccentricity is 0.028, very close to zero.

On July 1, 2004, the Cassini-Huygens probe entered into orbit around Saturn. On December 25, 2004, the Huygens probe separated from the Cassini probe and started to move towards Titan. It landed on Titan's surface on January 14, 2005. It landed on a dry surface, but it confirmed that large bodies of liquid exist on the moon. The Cassini probe continued to gain data of Titan and a number of the icy moons. It found evidence that the moon Enceladus had water erupting from its geysers. Cassini also proved in July, 2006 that Titan contained hydrocarbon lakes, located near its north pole. In March, 2007, it discovered a large hydrocarbon lake the size of the Caspian Sea near its north pole. The lake of liquid methane has been named Kraken Mare. In 2009, Nasa showed a photograph showing the sunlight reflecting off the surface of the lake. This was the first ever picture of liquid on another world.

In 2012 researchers at NASA discovered that Titan is giving off a faint glow of light. This is believed to be caused by complex chemical reactions occurring in Titan's atmosphere. This kind of light is called an airglow.


Computer number format

A computer number format is the way that computers and calculators represent numbers. Most computers use a system of binary which is composed of ones and zeros.

Other systems in use are the octal (0,1-7) or the hexadecimal (0,1-9,A,B,C,D,E,F) systems.

So we can use codes, which the computer understands only, as well as other number systems.

1550

1550 was a common year.

Columbus, Georgia

Columbus is the third largest city, in the U.S. state of Georgia. Coca-Cola and RC Cola (Royal Crown Cola) were first made here. It is south of Atlanta. It is about one hour and thirty minutes to two hours away from Atlanta.

Carthage

Carthage was an ancient city-state in what is now Tunisia. It began as a Phoenician colony. At the height of its power, Carthage was the most important power in the Mediterranean and controlled parts of Spain, as well as Sicily, North Africa, and Sardinia. 

The Roman Republic destroyed Carthage during the Punic Wars of the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC. In later centuries, Rome started a colony in the same place that became an important city of Africa Province. Eventually, the Vandals conquered the city and used it to attack Rome. 

Carthage was a rival in the western Mediterranean for the Roman Republic, which wanted to take over the whole region. Carthage was a large obstacle and so in 264 BC, the Romans responded to a plea for help by some rebels in Messina and landed an army in Sicily. That started the First Punic War. The Romans then invaded the Carthaginian areas in Sicily, and the Carthaginian generals could not stop them. Even at sea, the Romans copied the Carthaginian bireme ships, with two oars on each side, and won several major victories on the sea. However, the Romans had not been a sea power, which the Carthaginians had been. 

Finally, a general, Hamilcar Barca, took up to defend the Carthaginians and replaced of the older and less energetic Hanno. Hamilcar immediately realized the futility of meeting the superior Roman army in open battle and so he decided to use hit-and-run raids to wear down the Romans. That tactic was slightly more effective against the slow heavily-armored roman troops. Eventually, however, the Romans took Lilybaeum, the Carthaginians' main stronghold in Sicily. That ended Carthage's power in Sicily and ended the First Punic War. 

During the Second Punic War, Hannibal Barca led the Carthaginian Army through Spain, southern Gaul and across the Alps into Italy in 218 BC. There, he clashed with and stunningly defeated the Romans in three major battles: the Battle of the River Trebia, the Battle of Lake Trasmine, and the Battle of Cannae. He failed, however, to take Rome and eventually had to retreat to Carthage, where he was defeated by Scipio Africanis at the Battle of Zama.

The Romans destroyed Carthage in 146 BC during the Third Punic War. The Carthaginians who survived, numbering about 50,000, were mostly sold into slavery.

1302

1302 was a common year.



Brockton, Massachusetts

Brockton is a town in Plymouth County in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. It and the town of Plymouth are the county seats of Plymouth County.
Brockton is also called 'the city of champions' because world boxing champions Rocky Marciano and Marvin Hagler came from there.

Rabat

Rabat (, transliterated ar-Rabāṭ or ar-Ribāṭ, literally "Fortified Place"), population 577,827 hab. ("2014 estimate"), is the capital of the Kingdom of Morocco. It is also the capital of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra region.

The city is on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg. On the other side of the river is Rabat's bedroom community. Together the two cities with Temara have a population of 1.8 million. Silting problems have lowered the city's role as a port. However, Rabat and Salé still maintain somewhat important textile, food processing and construction industries. Some are from sweatshop labor by major businesses.

In addition, tourism and being home to all foreign embassies in Morocco help to make Rabat the second most important city in the country after the larger and economically more significant Casablanca.

Rabat's history began with a settlement, known as Chellah on the banks of the Oued Bou Regreg in the third century BC. In 40 AD, Romans took over Chellah and changed it to the Roman settlement of Sala Colonia. Rome held the colony until 250 AD. They gave it up to local rulers. In 1146, the berber Almohad ruler Abd al-Mu'min turned Rabat's ribat into a full scale fortress. It was used as a starting point for attacks on Spain. In 1170, due to its military importance, Rabat acquired the title "Ribatu l-Fath", meaning "stronghold of victory," from which it gets its current name.

Yaqub al-Mansur (known as Moulay Yacoub in Morocco), another Almohad Caliph, moved the capital of his empire to Rabat. He built Rabat's city walls, the Kasbah of the Udayas and began construction on what would have been the world's largest mosque. However, Yaqub died and construction stopped. The ruins of the unfinished mosque, along with the Hassan Tower, still stand today.

Yaqub's death a period of decline at first. The Almohad empire lost control of its land in Spain and much of its African territory. Eventually this led to its total collapse. In the 13th century, much of Rabat's economic power shifted to Fez. In 1515 a Moorish explorer, El Wassan, reported that Rabat had declined so much that only 100 houses remained with people living in them. An increase of Moriscos, who had been removed from Spain, in the early 17th century helped boost Rabat's growth.

Rabat and neighboring Salé united to form the Republic of Bou Regreg in 1627. The republic was run by Barbary pirates who used the two cities as base ports for starting attacks on shipping. The pirates did not have to fight with any central authority until the Alaouite Dynasty united Morocco in 1666. They attempted to establish control over the pirates, but failed. European and Muslims authorities continued to attempt to control the pirates over many years. The Republic of Bou Regreg did not collapse until 1818. Even after the republic's collapse, pirates continued to use the port of Rabat. This led to the attack of the city by Austria in 1829 after an Austrian ship had been lost to a pirate attack.

The French invaded Morocco in 1912 and established a protectorate. The French administrator of Morocco, General Hubert Lyautey, decided to move the country's capital from Fez to Rabat. Among other factors, citizens had made Fez an unstable place because of their desire to rebel. Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his home to Rabat. In 1913, Gen. Lyautey hired Henri Prost who designed the Ville Nouvelle (Rabat's modern quarter) as an administrative sector. When Morocco became independent in 1956, Mohammed V, the then King of Morocco, chose to have the capital remain at Rabat.

After World War II, the United States created a military presence in Rabat at the former French air base. By the early 1950s, Rabat Salé Air Base was a U.S. Air Force based hosting the 17th Air Force and the 5th Air Division. These divisions oversaw forward basing for Strategic Air Command (SAC) B-47 Stratojet aircraft in the country. With the destabilization of French government in Morocco, and Moroccan independence in 1956, the government of Mohammed V wanted the U.S. Air Force to pull out of the SAC bases in Morocco. He insisted on such action after Americans became involved in Lebanon in 1958. The United States agreed to leave as of December 1959. They were fully out of Morocco by 1963. SAC felt the Moroccan bases were much less critical with the long range capability of the B-52 Stratofortresses that were replacing the B-47s. It also had completed USAF bases in Spain in 1959.

With the USAF leaving Rabat-Salé in the 1960s, the facility became a primary facility for the Royal Moroccan Air Force known as Air Base Nº 1, a status it continues to hold.

The biggest place for theatre is the Theatre Mohamed V in the centre of the town. The city also has a few official galleries and an archeological museum. Many organisations are active in cultural and social issues. Orient-Occident Foundation and ONA Foundation are the biggest of these. An independent art scene is active in the city. L'appartement 22, which is the first independent space for visual arts created by Abdellah Karroum, opened in 2002.

Rabat was selected as a filming location for the war film "Black Hawk Down" (2001).

Rabat will bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympic Games.
Rabat is twinned with:
Rabat features a Mediterranean climate. Along the Atlantic Ocean, Rabat has a mild, temperate climate. It moves from cool in winter to warm days in the summer months. The nights are always cool (or colder in winter) Daytime temperatures generally always rise about +9/10 C° (+15/18 F°) every day. The winter highs usually reach only in December-January ("see weather-table below").



1222

1222 was a common year.




Duke Kahanamoku

Duke Kahanamoku (August 24, 1890 – January 22, 1968), was a Hawaiian athlete who is called the inventor of modern surfing. He was also on the United States Olympic team as a swimmer, and won several silver and gold medals.

Contrary to some misinformation on the internet, Duke is not known as the Big Kahuna. He himself rejected that term, because he knew its meaning. The Big Kahuna is a character in the Gidget story, which is based on a portrayal of Tube Steak Tracy, a famous surfer of the '40s & '50s in Malibu.


Overland Park, Kansas

Overland Park is a city in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is in Johnson County. It is the second biggest city in Kansas. It is the second biggest city in the Kansas City metropolitan area. In 2020, 197,238 people lived there. It has the Sprint World Headquarters Campus.

Overland Park starts in 1905. William B. Strang Jr. created Overland Park.

On May 20, 1960 Overland Park was officially incorporated as a "city of first class". It had 28,085 people living there. In 1990, 111,790 people lived there. In 2010, it grew to have 173,250 people living there. Overland Park officially became the second largest city in the state after becoming bigger than Kansas City, Kansas in the early 2000s.

Overland Park was awarded “Best city to raise a family” and “One of the most popular cities for millenials” in 2018.

Overland Park is in northeastern Kansas. It is at the junction of Interstate 435 and U.S. Route 69 east of Olathe. The city center is about south-southwest of downtown Kansas City, Missouri.

The city is on the northern edge of the Osage Plains. Overland Park is a few miles south of the Kansas River.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and 0.46 square mile (1.19 km²) is water.

Overland Park is in between North America's humid subtropical climate and humid continental climate zones. They usually have hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.
The 2020 census says that there were 197,238 people, 81,567 households, and 51,544 families living in Overland Park. Of the households, 60.7% owned their home and 39.3% rented their home.

The median age was 38.6 years. Of the people, 75.0% were White, 9.3% were Asian, 4.6% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.6% were from some other race, and 8.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.8% of the people.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 173,372 people, 71,443 households, and 45,516 families living in Overland Park.

Overland Park is a city of both the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

The service sector makes up most of the local economy. Health care, retail trade, professional and technical services, finance and insurance, and information technology are Overland Park's five biggest industries. Companies with headquarters in Overland Park include Sprint Corporation, YRC Worldwide, Black & Veatch, Waddell & Reed, Ferrellgas, Ash Grove Cement Company, and Compass Minerals.

Overland Parks's 2016 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report says that the biggest employers in Overland Park are:

According to Kansas, Overland Park is a "city of the first class". Since 1963, Overland Park has had a mayor-council-manager form of government.

Overland Park is in Kansas's 3rd U.S. Congressional District. Representative Sharice Davids represents them in the United States House of Representatives. For the Kansas Legislature, the city is in the 6th, 7th, 8th, 10th, 11th, 21st, and 37th districts of the Kansas Senate. They are in the 8th, 16th, 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd, 23rd, 24th, 27th, 28th, 29th, and 48th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.

Overland Park has four public school districts. The part of the city north of Interstate 435 is in the Shawnee Mission School District (SMSD). SMSD controls thirty eight elementary schools, two middle schools, six high schools, and multiple support facilities in Overland Park.

There are more than 12 private schools in Overland Park.

Kansas City Japanese School Inc. (カンザスシティ日本語補習授業校 "Kanzasu Shiti Nihongo Hoshū Jugyō Kō"), a Japanese weekend educational program, is at the Kansas Christian College in Overland Park. It was created in 1979. It was officially approved by the Japanese Ministry of Education (Monbusho), and it was officially established in 1984.


Kansas City International Airport is about north of central Overland Park. Johnson County Executive Airport, a public general aviation facility, is located immediately west of the city in Olathe.

BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad each have a freight rail line through Overland Park.

"The Kansas City Star" is Kansas City's main newspaper. They publish every day. It has local news, and it publishes a version that is specifically for Johnson County.

Overland Park is in both the Kansas City radio and television markets.

Overland Park has one sister city.


Bedford

Bedford is a markettown of Bedfordshire, England. It has a population of more than 79,000 people (100,000 if the people living in Kempston are included). It is formed of multiple districts, such as Putnoe, Goldington, Brickhill and Woodside. Many people also live in the smaller villages surrounding Bedford, such as Sandy, Willington, Cople and Cardington. It has many outstanding schools, both State and Public. It is one of only two places nationally that has a three-tier school system, although it is currently undergoing the transition to two-tier. There are academies, Bedford Free School, community and an SEN schools. It is also a place with a large diversity of nationalities, such as Italians and Polish, stemming from the Brick works that used to stand in ...

The town of Bedford is about 1000 years old. There was a castle there, but it was destroyed in 1224. A small hill with a tower now stands in the place of the castle. It overlooks the river Great Ouse which flows through the town. Every four years a River Festival is held there, with stalls, a fair and dragon boat races. Bedford was a market town from the early Middle Ages. It was given its borough charter in 1166 by Henry II.

During the last century many people moved to Bedford because there were good schools there. There are four public schools which are governed by the Harpur Trust: Bedford Boys School, Bedford Girls School, Bedford Modern and Pilgrims Pre-Preparatory School. There are also some smaller private schools. 

Bedford also has various local authority schools. Bedford Borough operates a three-tier education system in some of the area, arranged into lower, middle and upper schools, as recommended in the Plowden Report of 1967. Many students study at the University of Bedfordshire, which is based in Bedford and Luton. Bedford College offers further education. Also, Stella Mann College is a private college which offers a range of further education courses for the performing arts.

Hundreds of school children can take part in Bedfordshire Youth Music courses during the holidays, have music lessons in school and participate in the orchestra. There is also a Bedfordshire Youth Theatre that runs activities for all age groups.

The town of Bedford has scenic routes to walk along the banks of the River Great Ouse. The banks of the river by the town centre are called The Embankment. There are nice gardens there and two bridges for pedestrians, one of which is called The Butterfly Bridge. The newer of these bridges is known as the “Butterfly Bridge” because it is shaped like a butterfly.

Every two years, an event called Bedford River Festival is held near the river in Bedford during early July. The event lasts for two days. About 250,000 people go there to enjoy all the events, the sports, food, funfairs and live music.
The big church in the centre of the town is called St Paul’s Church. It stands in St Paul’s Square. It has a tall spire which can be seen from a long way away. There was a church there in 1066. The present church was started in the early 13th century and gradually more parts were added. The tower and spire were completely rebuilt in the 1860s. John Bunyan and John Wesley both preached in the church. There is a stained glass window dedicated to Sir William Harpur who gave his money to charity in the 16th century allowing almshouses and schools to be built in Bedford.

There are museums in Bedford. The Cecil Higgins Art Gallery is in the Victorian home of the Higgins family who used to be brewers. A modern building next to it has paintings, ceramics, glass and lace. The Bedford Museum is next door and has things from Bedford’s history. Just round the corner is the John Bunyan museum showing things about Bedford’s most famous writer.

Bedford Hospital is split between two sites in the town. It serves people from the whole of Mid Bedford. Many discussions are still taking place about the future of the hospital and how it should be organized.

There are many shops in the town centre, as well as out-of-town shopping areas. The Aspects Leisure Centre has cinemas and other amusements. It is near the opposite end of the Embankment from the town centre.

There is a lot of opportunity to hear music in Bedford. Many local musicians play in the Bedfordshire Symphony Orchestra and the Bedford Sinfonia. They give their concerts in the Corn Exchange in St Paul’s Square, where one can also hear concerts given by the famous professional Philharmonia Orchestra who give a series of concerts during the year. There are several amateur choirs including the large Bedford Choral Society and the chamber choirs Cantamus and Concord Singers. The Bedford Music Club organizes chamber concerts on Thursdays during the year, and there are many other musical events including lunch hour concerts at St Paul’s Church. In August the 'Proms In The Park' takes place in Bedford Park. It is given by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and attracts thousands of people who take rugs and food and sit on the grass to listen to the music.

Although Bedford has no large theatre there are many amateur groups such as the Bedford Dramatic Club, Swan Theatre Company, Bedford Marianettes who perform in several places such as the Bowen West Theatre and Civic Theatre. There are also several local bands.

As Bedford has a river there is a lot of opportunity for rowing. Bedford has two rugby union teams called Bedford Blues and Bedford Athletic. Bedford Blues are now in the second tier of English rugby, although they have previously been in the top division. Bedford has an athletic stadium, home to many famous sports personalities and trains youth.

Bedford’s main railway station is in Midland Road. Capital Connect run trains from Bedford to Brighton passing through London, and Midland Main Line have trains that go from London, passing through Bedford on their way to Leeds. There are also trains to Bletchley in Milton Keynes, and the Marston Vale Line which also stops at Bedford St Johns railway station.

There is a lot of traffic in Bedford as several roads spread out from the centre of the town in all directions. The M1 is 8 miles to the west, and the Al is about the same distance to the east. Bedford now has a by-pass between Milton Keynes and the Black Cat Round About near St. Neots. 

Buses from Bedford travel to Northampton, Milton Keynes, Cambridge, Oxford and other towns in the region. Most of these services depart from the main bus station in the town. This bus station is currently undergoing renevation as part of a scheme to upgrade facilities in the town centre, including free car parking for two hours on Saturday.

There are many Italian people living in Bedford. Many of them came from the 1950s onwards to work at the brickworks of the London Brick Company. There are many Italian bars and restaurants and social clubs as well as a church and a vice-consulate. Many of the people who came in the 1950s now have grandchildren growing up in Bedford, and many of them have married people from other cultures. More recently many people have immigrated from other parts of the world such as South Asia and Eastern Europe (particularly in the last few years), Greece, Cyprus, the Middle East and Africa. Many languages are spoken in Bedford including Italian, Punjabi, Turkish, Polish, Portuguese, Cantonese and Mandarin Chinese. There is a big, new Sikh temple in the district known as Queen’s Park.

Bedford is twinned with:

The town of Kempston has now grown to be part of Bedford. The villages in the Borough of Bedford with populations of more than 2,000 are Biddenham, Bromham, Clapham, Elstow, Oakley, Sharnbrook, Shortstown, Wilstead, and Wootton. There are also many smaller villages in the borough. The villages in the borough are popular with commuters to Bedford, and also with people who commute to Milton Keynes, which is a bigger employment centre than Bedford, and to London.

The most famous person from Bedford was John Bunyan, the author of "The Pilgrim's Progress". He was born in Harrowden, near Elstow which is just outside Bedford. Later he lived in St Cuthbert Street, which is the next street east parallel to the High Street, but was still just at the edge of Bedford at that time. Bunyan Meeting is a church on the site where Bunyan, at the end of his life, was allowed to have a barn to preach. It is joined to the Bunyan Museum. There is a statue of Bunyan on the corner of the High Street by Bedford School. 

Other famous Bedfordians include Sir William Harpur, the philanthropist, John Howard, the prison reformer, Charles Wells, founder of Charles Wells Brewery, a company which is still in the town, Ronnie Barker the comedian, Media Personality and former 'Countdown' Co-host Carol Vorderman and John Le Mesurier, actor and comedian. People who went to school in Bedford include the politician Paddy Ashdown, the cricketer Alastair Cook, the playwright Christopher Fry and the athlete Paula Radcliffe.Also cricketer Monty Panesar and comedian Al Murray.


Pentomino

A pentomino is a 2D shape made out of 5 side-by-side equal-sized squares. They can be found in the books "Chasing Vermeer" and "The Wright 3". It was created by Solomon W. Golomb.

These are the 12 pentominos:


Ejaculation

Ejaculation is when a male person (or other male mammal) shoots out liquid from his erect penis after it has been aroused or stimulated (excited sexually). It happens when he has an orgasm. This article is about ejaculation in human beings.

When a man is stimulated, his penis becomes erect. When he has an orgasm, semen comes out from the end of his penis. Semen contains sperm and other substances. How long a man can be stimulated before ejaculating, how long the ejaculation lasts, the strength of the ejaculation, and the amount of semen that comes out, all vary from one man to another. When a man ejaculates, he has a very good feeling in his penis and in his groin area (the part of his body where his torso joins the top of his legs). A man can ejaculate after he masturbates, is touched by someone else sexually, and sometimes, even if he is not touched (for example, if he looks at pictures and videos on the internet that cause sexual arousal, or thinks about sex). Ejaculation can also happen without control when a man is sleeping, which is called a wet dream.
Urine can sometimes also come out with the ejaculatory fluid during sex.
Boys usually do not ejaculate until they reach puberty, but sometimes it can happen before.

Slang terms for ejaculation are "blowing a load" or "blowing a wad", and "busting a nut". "creaming", "cumming", "jizzing", "nutting", "jazzing", "spurting", "squirting" and "skeeting". Ejaculation takes place when the man has an orgasm (the height of sexual excitement), usually after his genitals have been physically stimulated in some way. However, ejaculation can also happen if a man has not been touched, for instance, if he becomes aroused or stimulated (made sexually excited) by looking at sexy pictures, watching sexy videos, or thinking about sex. When a man ejaculates while sleeping, it is called nocturnal emission.

Before a man can ejaculate, his penis needs to be stimulated. The penis is usually soft, quite short, and hangs down. When a man is stimulated, for example by seeing another naked person, masturbating or being touched by someone else sexually, the inside of his penis fills with blood. This causes it to become longer, thicker, harder and to stand upright, and is called an erection. Men can be stimulated for different amounts of time before they ejaculate.

Ejaculation takes place in two stages.

After a man has ejaculated, his penis usually becomes soft and shorter again. He may also have an enjoyable and relaxing feeling in his groin area. It takes some time before he can have another erection and ejaculation. This time is called the refractory period. The average refractory period is about half an hour. Younger men normally have a shorter refractory period than older men. Men who are 18 years old have a refractory period of about 15 minutes, while men in their 70s have one of about 20 hours. Some men's penises remain hard after one ejaculation, and they are able to have another ejaculation after some time without losing their erection. Most young and middle-aged men can probably have about two to three ejaculations in a few hours, but it has been said that some men are able to have up to nine ejaculations a day.

When a man ejaculates before he wants to, this is called premature ejaculation. If a man cannot ejaculate after having been aroused for a long time, even though he wants to, this is called delayed ejaculation or anorgasmia. A man who is unable to ejaculate at all is said to have anejaculation. Some men are able to have an orgasm without ejaculating. This is called a dry orgasm.

Apart from giving a man pleasure, ejaculation may help a man stay healthy. A study carried out in Australia seemed to show that men who ejaculate often have less chance of getting prostate cancer.

Semen is known informally as "cum", "jism" or "jizz". Men ejaculate different amounts of semen. Normally, an ejaculation makes between 1.5 and 5 millilitres (up to one teaspoonful) of semen. More semen tends to come out if a man has not ejaculated for many days, or if he has been stimulated for a long time. Older men produce less semen. If a man ejaculates an unusually small amount of semen, this is a medical condition called hypospermia.

Semen is usually a white or yellowish fluid. It starts off being slightly thick and sticky, then after a while, it becomes more watery. Semen contains many chemicals. These include citric acid, fructose (a type of sugar), enzymes that speed up chemical reactions in the body, lipids (substances that fat is made of), and slippery fluids that help the semen to move through the urethra.

The number of sperm in an ejaculation of semen depends on many things. There may be more sperm if:

If there is an unusually low number of sperm in an ejaculation, this is called oligospermia. If there are no sperm at all, this is called azoospermia. A man with oligospermia or azoospermia is usually infertile, and cannot or finds it very hard to make a woman pregnant by having sex with her.

If a man has a sexually transmitted infection or STI (an infection that is passed from one person to another by sex), the germs that cause the disease can appear in his semen. If the person that the man has sex with touches the semen, he or she can become infected by the germs and pick up the disease. AIDS, gonorrhea, hepatitis B, herpes and syphillis are examples of STIs. One of the ways for a man to lower the chance of passing on an STI to his sexual partner is to wear a condom on his penis when having sex.

When a man has sexual intercourse with a woman, he places his penis within her vagina and moves his penis back and forth, typically in a thrusting motion, while the woman moves her hips. The vagina is warm and somewhat moist, and it places pressure on the man's penis. These sensations, combined with the friction caused by the in-and-out movements, stimulate the penis, which causes the man to have an orgasm and to ejaculate. If the woman is using birth control this will usually not cause her to become pregnant. Otherwise, the sperm in the semen can travel into the woman's uterus and Fallopian tubes. If there happens to be an ovum or egg cell in a Fallopian tube, a sperm may fuse with the ovum. This is called fertilization, and makes the woman pregnant.

However, before a man ejaculates, a clear, colorless, sticky fluid called pre-ejaculate (also known as pre-ejaculate fluid or informally as pre-cum) can come out of his penis. Pre-ejaculate is produced by the bulbourethral or Cowper's glands. Some tests have shown that pre-ejaculate does not contain any sperm. However, some sperm may have been left behind in the urethra from an earlier ejaculation and the pre-ejaculate may carry this sperm out of the penis. That is why a woman can become pregnant even if the man pulls his penis out of her vagina before he ejaculates. Also, if a man ejaculates near the woman's vagina and semen falls on her body, sperm can accidentally enter the vagina and cause a pregnancy. To avoid the woman becoming pregnant when she does not want to, the man and the woman can use methods of contraception or birth control. For example, the man can wear a condom on his penis, or the woman can take birth control pills.

Young boys cannot ejaculate. A boy's first ejaculation usually happens about one year after he begins puberty, which is when his body starts changing into a man's body. Most boys go through puberty in their teens. The first time a boy ejaculates usually happens when he is asleep. This is called a nocturnal emission (which means "an emission happening at night") or a wet dream. It happens without the boy's control, often when he is having a dream about sex. Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body's way of removing too much semen. When a boy begins masturbating, wet dreams usually stop happening.

When a boy starts to ejaculate, he usually produces only a small amount of semen. The semen is different from what an adult man produces. It is usually clear and stays sticky. It either has no sperm in it, or sperm that do not move properly or do not move at all. A boy's semen only becomes like an adult man's semen about two years after his first ejaculation.

Team

A team is a group of people who have a certain task to complete. In order to meet their target, the members of the group must work well with each other.

Successful team - a group of people who tend to meet their target despite barriers. The group members cooperate with each other and take other members' ideas into consideration.

Unsuccessful team - a group of people who have a very difficult time when attempting to complete a certain task. This may be because the members of the group think of only themselves and create an uncomfortable environment for other members of the team.

Hirohito

Hirohito (29 April 1901 – 7 January 1989) was the 124th emperor of Japan according to the traditional order of succession, reigning from 25 December 1926, until his death on 7 January 1989. He was succeeded by his eldest son, Akihito. In Japan, reigning emperors are known simply as "the Emperor" and he is now referred to primarily by his posthumous name, .

The name "Shōwa" was given to Hirohito after he died. Emperors of Japan are normally renamed in this way; and people started using the new name in 1990. During his long reign, many people outside Japan call him Emperor Hirohito, or just Hirohito.

Prince Hirohito was named regent for his father in 1921. he became emperor after his father's death.

Hirohito was the emperor of Japan during the Second Sino-Japanese War which became World War 2 (1931 to 1945). Though he was supposed to be an absolute monarch (an emperor who can make all the laws and rules), most of the power in the Japanese Government during this time was held by Japan's Prime Minister Hideki Tōjō and the military. Hirohito's role in WW2 is controversial.

After Japan's defeat in the war, the role of emperor changed. The emperor became a symbol of the state.

Hirohito was the first emperor to travel outside Japan. He visited Europe in 1971 and he traveled to the United States in 1975.

Emperor Showa died of small intestine cancer and was succeeded by his son, Prince Akihito.

The state funeral for the late emperor was an international event. World leaders attending the funeral included U.S. President George H. W. Bush, French President François Mitterrand, and the Duke of Edinburgh.

Emperor Shōwa is buried in the Imperial Mausoleum in Hachiōji, along with Emperor Taishō.
In an overview of writings by and about Hirohito, OCLC/WorldCat includes roughly 900+ works in 1,500 publications in 15 languages and 31,000 library holdings .




Notes

Human evolution

Human evolution is about the origin of human beings. All humans belong to the same species, "Homo sapiens". The species appeared first in Africa and later spread to almost all parts of the world. Fossils found in Africa prove that humans first appeared there.

The word 'human' in this context means the genus "Homo". However, studies of human evolution usually include other hominids, such as the Australopithecines. This group diverged (split) from the genus "Homo" in Africa by about 2.3 to 2.4 million years ago. The first "Homo sapiens", the ancestors of today's humans, evolved around 200,000 years ago.

People have known for centuries that man and the apes are related. Clearly, even though they look different, their anatomy is similar. For this reason, during the 18th century, Buffon and Linnaeus put men and apes together in a single family. In the 19th century, Charles Darwin suggested that animals have very similar anatomies when they share a common ancestor. In fact, humans and apes are close relatives. Both are primates: the order of mammals which includes monkeys, apes, lemurs and tarsiers.

The great apes live in tropical rainforests. It is thought that human evolution started when a group of apes (now called the australopithecines) began to live more in the savannah. A savannah is more open, with trees, shrubs and grass. This group started walking on two legs. They began to use their hands to carry things. Life in the open was different, and there was a big advantage in having better brains. Their brains grew larger, and they began to make simple tools. This process began at least 5 million years ago. We have fossils of two or three different groups of walking apes, and one was the ancestor of humans.

The biological name for "human" or "man" is "Homo". The modern human species is called "Homo sapiens". "Sapiens" means "thought". "Homo sapiens" means "the thinking man".

Paleoanthropology looks at ancient human fossils, tools, and other signs of early human life. It began in the 19th century with the discovery of a skull of "Neanderthal man" in 1856.

By 1859, zoologists had known for a long time that humans are, in their anatomy, similar to the great apes. There are also differences: humans can speak, for example. But the similarities are more basic than the differences. Humans also have features with a much older history, from early in the life of vertebrates.

The idea that species are caused by evolution had been proposed before Darwin, but his book gave much evidence, and many were persuaded by it. The book was "On the Origin of Species by means of Natural Selection", published in November 1859. In this book, Darwin wrote about the idea of evolution in general, rather than the evolution of humans. "Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history", was all Darwin wrote on the subject. Nevertheless, the implication of the theory was clear to readers at the time.

Several people discussed the evolution of humans. Among them were Thomas Huxley and Charles Lyell. Huxley convincingly showed many of the similarities and differences between humans and apes in his 1863 book "Evidence as to Man's Place in Nature". When Darwin published his own book on the subject, "The Descent of Man, and selection in relation to sex", the idea of human evolution was already well-known. The theory was controversial. Even some of Darwin's supporters (such as Alfred Russel Wallace and Charles Lyell) did not like the idea that human beings have evolved their impressive mental capacities and moral sensibilities through natural selection.

Since the 18th century, scientists thought the great apes to be closely related to human beings. In the 19th century, they speculated that the closest living relatives of humans were either chimpanzees or gorillas. Both live in central Africa in tropical rainforests. In fact, chimpanzees are closest to us. Biologists believed that humans share a "common ancestor" with other African great apes and that fossils of these ancestors would be found in Africa, which they have been. It is now accepted by virtually all biologists that humans are not only similar to the great apes, but actually are great apes.

The issue was confirmed by late 20th century studies on the sequences of proteins and genes in apes and man. These studies showed that man shares about 95 to 98% of these structures with chimpanzees. This is a much closer relationship than with any other type of animal, and fully supports the ideas put forward in the 19th century by Darwin and Huxley.

Primates have diversified in habitats such as trees and bushes. They have many features which are adaptations to their environment. Here are some of those traits:

Not all primates have these anatomical traits, nor is every trait unique to primates. Primates are frequently highly social, live in groups with 'flexible dominance hierarchies'.

Closely related animals almost always have closely related parasites. This usually comes about because parasites evolve with their hosts, and when host populations split, their parasites split also. It is also possible for parasites to get from one species to another. Two of the most serious parasitic infections of humans in Africa come from apes. Each may have been transferred to humans by a single cross-species event.

There are several species of mosquito, and several species of the malarial parasite "Plasmodium". The most serious type, "P. falciparum", which kills many millions of people each year, originated in gorillas. It is now virtually certain that chimpanzees are the source of HIV-1, the major cause of AIDS. This information is got by the sequence analysis of ape and human viruses.

The relevance of this to evolution is that our physiology is so close to the apes that their parasites were able to transfer to humans with great success. Humans have much less resistance to these parasites, which are ancient in origin, but comparatively new to our species.

It was not until the 1920s that hominid fossils were discovered in Africa. In 1924, Raymond Dart described "Australopithecus africanus". The specimen was called the Taung Child, an australopithecine infant discovered in a cave deposit being mined for concrete at Taung, South Africa. The remains were a remarkably well-preserved tiny skull and a cast of the inside of the individual's skull. Although the brain was small (410 cm³), its shape was rounded, unlike that of chimpanzees and gorillas, and more like a modern human brain. Also, the specimen had short canine teeth, and the position of the foramen magnum was evidence of bipedal locomotion. All of these traits convinced Dart that the Taung baby was a bipedal human ancestor, a transitional form between apes and humans.

It took another 20 years before Dart's claims were taken seriously. This was after other similar skeletons had been found. The most common view of the time was that a large brain evolved "before" bipedality, the ability to walk on two feet more or less upright. It was thought that intelligence similar to that of modern humans was necessary for bipedalism. This turned out to be wrong: bipedality came first.

The australopithecines are now thought to be immediate ancestors of the genus "Homo", the group to which modern humans belong. Both australopithecines and "Homo sapiens" are part of the tribe Hominini, but recent data has brought into doubt the position of "A. africanus" as a direct ancestor of modern humans; it may well have been a cousin. The australopithecines were originally classified as either gracile or robust. The robust variety of "Australopithecus" has since been reclassified as "Paranthropus", although it is still regarded as a subgenus of "Australopithecus" by some authors.

In the 1930s, when the robust specimens were first described, the "Paranthropus" genus was used. During the 1960s, the robust variety was moved into "Australopithecus". The recent trend has been back to the original classification as a separate genus.

It was Carolus Linnaeus who chose the name "Homo". Today, there is only one species in the genus: "Homo sapiens". There were other species, but they became extinct.

The figure shows where some of them lived and at what time. Some of the other species might have been ancestors of "H. sapiens". Many were likely our "cousins", they developed away from our ancestral line.

Anthropologists are still investigating the exact line of descent. A consensus on which should count as separate species and which as subspecies has not been reached yet. In some cases this is because there are very few fossils, in other cases it is due to the slight differences used to classify species in the "Homo" genus.

The evolution of the genus "Homo" took place mostly in the Pleistocene. The whole genus is characterised by its use of stone tools, initially crude, and becoming ever more sophisticated. So much so that in archaeology and anthropology the Pleistocene is usually referred to as the Palaeolithic, or the Stone Age.

"Homo habilils" was likely the first species of Homo. It developed from the Australopithecus, about 2.5 million years ago. It lived until about 1.4 million years ago. It had smaller molars (back teeth) and larger brains than the Australopithecines.

There are two proposed species that lived from 1.9 to 1.6 million years ago. Their relation has not been clarified. One of them is called "Homo rudolfensis". It is known from a single incomplete skull from Kenya. Scientists have suggested that this was just another habilis, but this has not been confirmed. The other is currently called "Homo georgicus". It is from Georgia and may be an intermediate form between "H. habilis" and "H. erectus", or a sub-species of "H. erectus".

"Homo erectus" was first discovered on the island of Java in Indonesia, in 1891. The discoverer, Eugene Dubois originally called it "Pithecanthropus erectus" based on its morphology that he considered to be intermediate between that of humans and apes. Homo erectus lived from about 1.8 million to 70,000 years ago. The earlier specimens (from 1.8 to 1.2 million years ago) are sometimes seen as a different species, or a subspecies. called "Homo ergaster", or "Homo erectus ergaster".

In the early Pleistocene, 1.5–1 mya, in Africa, Asia, and Europe, presumably, some populations of "Homo habilis" evolved larger brains and made more elaborate stone tools; these differences and others are sufficient for anthropologists to classify them as a new species, "H. erectus". In addition "H. erectus" was the first human ancestor to walk truly upright. This was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum (the hole in the skull where the spine enters). They may have used fire to cook their meat.

A famous example of "Homo erectus" is Peking Man; others were found in Asia (notably in Indonesia), Africa, and Europe. Many paleoanthropologists are now using the term "Homo ergaster" for the non-Asian forms of this group. They reserve "H. erectus" only for those fossils found in the Asian region that meet certain requirements (as to skeleton and skull) which differ slightly from ergaster.

"Homo neaderthalensis" (usually called Neanderthal man) lived from about 250,000 to about 30,000 years ago. Also, less usual, as "Homo sapiens neanderthalensis": there is still some discussion if it was a separate species "Homo neanderthalensis", or a subspecies of "H. sapiens". While the debate remains unsettled, evidence from mitochondrial DNA and Y-chromosomal DNA sequencing indicates that little or no gene flow occurred between "H. neanderthalensis" and "H. sapiens", and, therefore, the two were separate species. In 1997, Dr. Mark Stoneking, then an associate professor of anthropology at Pennsylvania State University, stated: 
More investigation of a second source of Neanderthal DNA supported these findings.

A genetic analysis of a piece of finger bone found in Siberia has produced a surprise result. It dates to about 40,000 years ago, at a time when Neanderthals and modern man were living in the area. German researchers found its mitochondrial DNA did not match either that of our species or that of Neanderthals. If this result is correct, the bone belongs to a previously unknown species. The degree of difference in the DNA suggests this species split off from our family tree about a million years ago, well before the split between our species and Neanderthals.

"Homo floresiensis", which lived about 100,000–12,000 years ago has been nicknamed "hobbit" for its small size. Its size may be a result of island dwarfism, the tendency for large mammals to evolve smaller forms on islands. "H. floresiensis" is intriguing both for its size and its age. It is a concrete example of a recent species of the genus "Homo" that shows derived traits not shared with modern humans. In other words, "H. floresiensis" share a common ancestor with modern humans, but split from the modern human lineage and followed a different evolutionary path. The main find was a skeleton believed to be a woman of about 30 years of age. Found in 2003 it has been dated to approximately 18,000 years old. The living woman was estimated to be one meter in height, with a brain volume of just 380 cm This is small for a chimpanzee and less than a third of the "H. sapiens" average of 1400 cm.

There is an ongoing debate over whether "H. floresiensis" is indeed a separate species. Some scientists believe that "H. floresiensis" was a modern "H. sapiens" suffering from pathological dwarfism. Modern humans who live on Flores, the island where the skeleton was found, are pygmies. This fact is consistent with either theory. One line of attack on "H. floresiensis" is that it was found with tools only associated with "H. sapiens".

Stone artifacts have been found on Flores which can be dated to a million years ago. These artifacts are "proxies"; which means there were no skeletons of humans, but only a species of "Homo" could have made them. The artifacts are flakes and other implements, 48 in all, some of which show signs of being worked to produce a cutting edge. This means that humans were present on Flores by that date, but it does not tell us which species that was.

"Homo sapiens" has lived from about 300,000 years ago to the present. Between 400,000 years ago and the second warm period in the Middle Pleistocene, about 250,000 years ago, the human skull grew more like its present shape. Our species developed more sophisticated technologies based on stone tools. One possibility is that a transition between "H. erectus" to "H. sapiens" occurred. The evidence of Java Man suggests there was a migration of "H. erectus" out of Africa. Then, much later, a further development of "H. sapiens" from "H. erectus" in Africa. Then a subsequent migration within and out of Africa eventually replaced the earlier "H. erectus".

"H sapiens" shows adaptations and skills called behavioural modernity by some anthropologists.

Studies of the human genome, especially the Y-chromosome DNA and mitochondrial DNA, support a relatively recent African origin. Evidence from DNA also supports the recent African origin. The details of this great saga are not fully established yet, but by about 90,000 years ago modern humans had moved into Eurasia and the Middle East. This was the area where Neanderthals, "Homo neanderthalensis", had been living for a long time (at least 500,000 years in western Europe).

By about 42 to 44,000 years ago "Homo sapiens" had reached western Europe, including Britain. In Europe and western Asia, "Homo sapiens" replaced the Neanderthals by about 35,000 years ago. The details of how this happened are not known.

At roughly the same time "Homo sapiens" arrived in Australia. Their arrival in the Americas was much later, about 15,000 years ago. All these earlier groups of modern man were hunter-gatherers.

Research has shown that human beings are genetically rather similar. The DNA of individuals is more alike than usual in most species. This may have resulted from their relatively recent evolution or from the Toba catastrophe. Skin colour is an adaptation to differing climates. These traits are a very small component of the "Homo sapiens" genome and include such outward characteristics as skin color and nose shape, and internal characteristics such as the ability to breathe more efficiently at high altitudes.

"H. sapiens idaltu", from Ethiopia, about 160,000 years ago, is a proposed subspecies. It is the oldest known anatomically modern human.

This list is in chronological order by genus.


Ancient Rome

Ancient Rome was a civilization that started in the city of Rome on the Italian Peninsula. Roman civilization was the most important civilization in the Mediterranean region, Europe and the Near East from the late 3rd century BC. Roman civilization existed throughout Classical Antiquity, Late Antiquity, and the Middle Ages. However, "Ancient Rome" means the ancient history of Roman civilization before the Middle Ages. Traditionally, the fall of the western Roman Empire during the 5th century AD is the start of the Middle Ages in Western Europe.
In Classical Antiquity, the Roman Empire controlled a large area of land. It stretched from Great Britain to the Arabian Peninsula. Ancient Rome has been important to the history of Europe, North Africa and Western Asia, where the Romans controlled many lands. Ancient Rome's culture took ideas from other civilizations, especially Ancient Greece and the Greek kingdoms of the Hellenistic period. Ancient Roman ideas have been very influential for later civilizations.

The Romans' Latin language became the most common language in the western Mediterranean and Western Europe and is the ancestor of Romance languages. The Roman emperors were responsible for making Christianity Rome's state religion, and the Romans spread Christianity across the Roman Empire in Late Antiquity. Roman Christianity replaced the Roman religion and other traditional religions.

The Romans made many improvements to warfare, writing, engineering, architecture, irrigation and transport.

Rome began as a small farming community in the 8th century BC. The city of Rome was founded, according to legend, on 21 April 753 BC. It became a city and a state and had the , which Roman mythology said came from the first king, Romulus. Rome was first a kingdom, but its last king, Tarquinius Superbus, was sent away in a revolution started by Lucius Junius Brutus. Rome became a republic. The city-state grew to control the Italian Peninsula during the Hellenistic period, and it fought the Punic Wars against the Carthaginian Republic. After overcoming Carthage, the Roman Republic became the most powerful state in the western Mediterranean.

The Romans became the most powerful state in the eastern Mediterranean after wars against Macedonia, and the Mithridatic Wars against the Kingdom of Pontus. The Hellenistic period and the Roman Republic ended after Julius Caesar was assassinated. The Romans fought long civil wars.

At the end of the wars, Augustus overcame his Roman enemies and the Ptolemaic dynasty, which controlled the Kingdom of Egypt. Augustus became the first Roman emperor, and Roman civilization controlled all lands around the Mediterranean Sea.
Almost three centuries later, in 293 AD, Diocletian split the government of the empire into two parts, East and West. From Diocletian's time there was usually more than one emperor at a time, each of whom controlled part of the empire. 

In the 5th century AD, the lands of the Western Roman Empire split up into different kingdoms. After Romulus Augustulus, there were no more emperors in the Western Roman Empire, whose government ended in 476 AD. In Western Europe, that is the end of Antiquity and the start of the Early Middle Ages.

The Romans lost control of Rome and most of the Italian Peninsula. The later Roman Empire during the Middle Ages is sometimes named the Eastern Roman Empire, or Byzantine Empire. Historians now use the latter name because the Romans' capital city was Constantinople (once called Byzantium), and its emperors controlled the eastern half of the Mediterranean Basin. The Eastern Roman Empire existed until the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, when it was defeated by the Ottoman Empire.

Roman culture spread to Western Europe and the area around the Mediterranean Sea. Its history still has a big influence on the world today. For example, Roman ideas about laws, government, art, literature, and language are important to European culture. The Romans' language, Latin, slowly evolved to become modern French, Spanish, Italian, Romanian and many other languages. Latin also indirectly influenced many other languages such as English.

The most common religion of ancient Rome in its first centuries was Graeco-Roman polytheism (many gods). The traditional religion of the city of Rome was polytheist. The most important gods were the Capitoline triad, three gods that were worshipped on the Capitoline Hill, Jupiter (the father and king of the gods), Juno (the queen of the gods) and Minerva (the goddess of wisdom). The goddess Minerva was born without a mother from the body of Jupiter. Roman mythology said that among the Romans' ancestors were Venus (the goddess of love) and Mars (the god of war and the son of Jupiter and Juno). The gods Apollo and Bacchus were taken by the Romans from Greek mythology, and many of the Romans' religious practices were the same as those of the ancient Greeks. The Romans also worshipped the goddesses Cybele and Isis, whose cults they took from Hellenistic Anatolia and Egypt.

Roman worship often took the form of sacrifices. Romans tried to please the gods by giving food or other gifts to the gods and to other deities, including the souls of dead people. With such sacrifices, the Romans hoped to avoid bad luck and bring good luck, such as fertility and a successful harvest, or victory in war. The Romans built temples to house the images of their gods. The images were usually statues, and the Romans would offer sacrifices by burning food or frankincense. Precious objects would be given to the gods in rituals and stored in the temples. The Romans believed that pleased the gods. The Romans also practiced ritual purification to avoid bad luck or offending the gods and the spirits.

Judaism was common in the ancient Roman world, and there was a Jewish diaspora in many cities like Rome from the Hellenistic period. Christianity started in the east in Hellenistic Judaea. In Classical Antiquity, the Roman government did not like Christianity. Sometimes, Roman governors or emperors ordered the persecution of Christians. Under Emperor Diocletian, the persecution became the strongest. Christianity became an officially-supported religion in the Roman Empire under Constantine I. With the signing of the Edict of Milan by Licinius and Constantine in 313, it became the most powerful religion, and the Christian Church began the persecution of Christians with whom the official ("orthodox" and "catholic") disagreed. Then, in 391 AD, an edict of Theodosius I made Christianity Rome's official religion. The state church of the Roman Empire became the state religion in the empire. (The state church later split into the modern Orthodox Church and the Roman Catholic Church.)

People practising traditional non-Christian religions were common in Late Antiquity. The Christians called those people "pagans". There was persecution of Graeco-Roman polytheism by the Roman emperors. In the 5th century, non-Christian religions' property began to be taken away, and many Roman temples started to be made into churches.

The Byzantines were threatened by the rise of Islam, whose followers took over the territories of Syria, Armenia and Egypt and soon threatened to take over Constantinople. In the next century, the Arabs also captured southern Italy and Sicily.

The Byzantines survived during the 8th century and in the 9th century began to take back parts of the conquered lands. In 1000 AD, the Byzantine Empire was at its largest point, and culture and trade flourished. However, the expansion was suddenly stopped in 1071 at the Battle of Manzikert, which finally made the empire start becoming obviously weaker. After centuries of fighting and Turkic invasions, Emperor Alexios I Komnenos called for help from the West in 1095.

The West responded with the Crusades, which eventually resulted in the Fourth Crusade, which conquered Constantinople in 1204. Several Roman states took pieces of the now-smaller empire. After the recapture of Constantinople by the Romans, the empire was little more than a Greek-speaking state confined to the coast of the Aegean Sea and the Sea of Marmara. The empire came to an end by Mehmed II conquering Constantinople on 29 May 1453.

Remains of Roman work and architecture have been found in the late empire's furthest corners.



Globalization

Globalization is the spread of products, technology, information, and jobs across nations.

It is a term which may be used broadly to mean doing things as distant people do them, or more narrowly to mean complying to global standards in economy, politics, culture, education, environment or other matters. It describes the way countries and people of the world interact and integrate. Many things have become globalized as people come into contact.

Economic globalization is how countries are coming together as one big global economy, This is all making international trade easier. In the late 20th century, many people agreed to lower tariffs, or taxes on goods that are imported from other countries. Telegraphy and bull other communication technologies have helped people to buy and sell products from around the world, thus bringing globalization. Herman E. Daly has said that there is an important difference between internationalization and globalization. Internationalization is about nations working together for the same goals. These are things like treaties, alliances, and other international agreements. Globalization is about international trade that are 
being less blocked by national borders.

Political globalization is how institutions and countries can influence the whole world. The United Nations are an example of globalization because most countries of the world are members of its General Assembly. This international organization can make countries follow rules and apply economic sanctions to a country that doesn't. This means the countries in the U.N will punish them by not talking or trading with them, so they don't benefit from globalization.

Cultural globalization is how culture is becoming homogeneous, which means that people from all over the world act in similar way. For example, many people around the world write with the Latin alphabet, wear T-shirts and jeans and watch Hollywood movies and other media.

Some people, like Noam Chomsky, do not like globalization because they feel it only helps rich people get richer by making poor people poorer. Offshore outsourcing, such as a company hiring workers in a developing country, is often a part of globalization. This sometimes means that some people in a developed country lose their jobs. Joseph Stiglitz said that international groups like the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) have made it harder for poorer nations to get richer. Globalization also means that problems from other countries will affect your country. For example, the Great Depression of the 1930s started in the United States but affected the entire world.

Many countries also dislike it when international organizations such as the United Nations tell them what to do. However they obey to avoid sanctions. Many people also criticize the fact that globalization means that fewer people are deciding what brands, like Coca-Cola and McDonald's, taking over smaller, local shops and businesses. They criticize the fact that powerful countries have bigger influence on world culture than others. For example, the United States is the biggest cultural exporter, which means that countries around the world are becoming like the United States. However, this hurts local cultures. Jean Baudrillard believes that globalization hurts local cultures and is the cause of most terrorism. He also believes that most supporters of globalization just want to stay in power.

Gregory Meyjes interprets globalization as a largely hegemonic, unequal process of socio-cultural imposition. Questioning the various processes (economic, political, cultural) by which globalization or globalisation has favored rapid Anglo-cultural dominance over a more gradual, egalitarian evolution towards an inclusive world civilization, Meyjes argues for cultural policies that support "ecological" relations between local ethnocultural traditions, by protecting cultural specificity in the short term and allow as many cultural groups as possible to organically contribute to the whole. At the global level, Meyjes therefore proposes the term universalization or universalisation to denote a process of (largely) non-imposed socio-cultural exchange between state-level and sub-state-level groups and "nations" – i.e. a transnational process that informs the gradual emergence of a universal civilization.

Others, like Thomas Friedman, believe that globalization can bring people together and make everyone richer without getting rid of local cultures. People who support globalization also believe that it makes war less likely because it is bad for business. Francis Fukuyama also argued that globalization would eventually lead to a system of world governance which would cause wars to end.

Many believe that globalization helps out poorer nations by bringing them business. A report by the World Bank said that poverty in India and Indonesia was cut in half because of globalization. The report also said that people in poorer nations are living longer and better because they were making more money.



North Holland

North Holland is a province (area with a local government) of the Netherlands. It is in the northwest. The capital is called Haarlem. Other cities in the province are Amsterdam, Hilversum, Alkmaar, Zaandam, and Hoorn. About 2,888,000 people are living in North Holland (2021).

Folk music

Folk music is music that represents the tradition or culture of the area, place or state. It is traditional music that people learn by listening to other people playing it and then copying them. We say that the tradition is "orally transmitted" or "handed down orally", meaning that the music is not written down but taught by speaking ("oral" means "belonging to the mouth"). Every country has its own traditional music. Folk song is part of folk music. A folksinger is a person who sings folk songs.

There are three categories of Folk Music:

In the 1960s a new type of music was started by Bob Dylan who mixed traditional folk song with rock and roll. This music is sometimes called "folk rock". 

Folk music is music for everybody to play and listen to. In this way it is different from classical music which is mainly developed by professional musicians for a smaller group of people. Folk music is part of a popular culture, although the term "popular music" or "pop music" today refers to a kind of music which people can hear through television, radio and other means of recording.

In many parts of the world nearly all music is folk music. The term "folk music" is usually used for European and American music which is part of an oral tradition. Folk music as an oral tradition, is much less important than before, in part because of new technology (radio, television etc, and recordings of music). Folk tunes are now often written down, and they have influenced other kinds of music, so that the differences between various types of music are harder to see.

In older times folk music was part of "communal recreation". This means that small communities such as villages or families would relax by playing and singing music together. People would often make up a new song or new piece of music, or make changes to music that they already knew. In this way music was always changing. People would get musical ideas from other groups nearby. This is why folk music from neighbouring countries often sound similar.

Ballads were a popular kind of folk music. These were folk songs which told a story (they were "narrative"). Sometimes they had a refrain after each verse so that everybody could join in. Ballads told stories of love, myths or folklore. This is how stories were handed down from one generation to another.

Instrumental folk music was used for dancing. Some of the instruments may have been very simple, such as a pair of sticks, rattle or a simple drum. Other instruments may include fiddle (the folk word for "violin"), bagpipes, harp, zither, or various wind instruments, depending on the time of history and the country.

Some singing was polyphonic, i.e. there were two or more parts (voices). Very often two voices would sing in parallel (going up and down together). In countries such as Russia persons sings in three or four parts, e.g. in the tradition of "podgolosnaya" ("underneath the voice"). In countries, such as Britain, this polyphonic tradition did not exist. Folk songs there were sung by one singer, unaccompanied.

Folk music used different scales. These are called modes. The Ionian mode (major scale) was the most common in Western Europe. In some parts of Eastern Europe modes with several semitones were used, but for the most part, half steps were avoided. This results is the tunes being described as tetratonic (four notes per octave) or pentatonic (five notes per octave).

Folk music also includes simple children's songs and lullabies.

Folk music was sung by people as they worked. In the early days of European immigration in America the pioneers sang as they travelled, cowboys sang as they worked, slaves sang in the cottonfields.

In the 18th century folk music started to have an influence on classical music (or "art music"). People from the higher classes started to be interested in folk music because they were conscious of being part of a tradition. Composers such as Mozart and Schubert wrote folk dances for orchestras or small groups of instruments.

Folk music was used by many composers in the Romantic period. Gustav Mahler used folk song in a lot of his music. In the early twentieth century some composers travelled around collecting folk music which was being played or sung by people in the country. They often used some of these ideas in their music. Bartok did this in Hungary as well as in Bulgaria and in the United States, and people such as Cecil Sharp and the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams collected folk music in England. In the United States the influence of jazz on classical music is all part of the story of folk music.


Abraham

Abraham (originally Abram) is a man in the Book of Genesis and the Qur'an. There, he is said to be the father of all Jews. This is because he is their ancestor. Abraham is part of the Jewish, Christian and Islamic religions. Abraham is considered the father of these three religions, which are called Abrahamic religions.

Abraham is the father of Isaac with his wife Sarah. He also has Ishmael with Hagar, Sarah's handmaid, and he has other children with Keturah, whom he marries after Sarah's death. He is the grandfather of Jacob and Esau. Abraham is believed to be the founding patriarch of the Israelites, Ishmaelites and Edomites. Abraham was the son of Terah and the grandson of Nahor (son of Serug). Abraham's older brothers were named Nahor (son of Terah) and Haran.

In the Book of Genesis, Abraham leaves his home in Mesopotamia for Canaan because the Almighty told him to go there and become the ancestor of a great nation. At the time, his name was Abram but then the Almighty told him to circumcise himself and all his sons and that “the uncircumcised male who dwells among you, his soul shall be cut off, for he has rejected my covenant” and after his circumcision Abram changed his name to Abraham.

When Abraham was circumcised, the Almighty told him that his wife Sarah would give birth to a son but Abraham laughed because of how old he was and asked the Almighty to give a blessing to Ishmael. The Almighty told Abraham that he would bless Ishmael and that Sarah would give birth to a son whose children would inherit what the Almighty promised Abraham. 

After Abraham’s circumcision three angels pretending to be humans came to him and told him that in one year his wife Sarah would give birth to a son but she laughed since Abraham was 100 years old (and she was 90) but the angels said that nothing is impossible for the Almighty. One year later, Sarah gave birth to a son. Abraham circumcised him and named him Isaac because of the laughter. Years after Hagar and Ishmael were sent away, the Almighty told Abraham “take your son, your only one, whom you love Isaac and sacrifice him” and Abraham took Isaac to a mountain to be a human sacrifice but then the Almighty sent an angel to Abraham to stop him from killing Isaac and said that “I have seen that you are indeed a God fearing man since you have not withheld your son, your only one from me” so Abraham sacrificed a ram instead of Isaac. And Abraham named the place Yireh.

After Abraham’s wife Sarah died when she was 127 years old, Abraham bought the Cave of Machpelah from Ephron the Hittite for 400 shekels and buried Sarah there. He then sent his servant to find a wife for Isaac. Then Abraham married Keturah and became the father of many children. Abraham died when he was 175 years old and Isaac and Ishmael buried him next to Sarah in the Cave of Machpelah.

According to a midrash in the Talmud, when Abraham was young, his father Terah told him to take care of his store selling idols but instead Abraham destroyed them except the biggest one and told Terah that it had destroyed the rest and Terah told him that idols are mindless statues and not deities so they couldn’t have done that. Then Abraham asked Terah why he worshipped them so Terah took him to King Nimrod who tried to kill him by burning him in a furnace but a miracle saved Abraham. So Nimrod asked Abraham’s brother Haran what he believed and Haran said he believed in the deity of Abraham because He would save him with a miracle. Then Nimrod threw Haran to the furnace and he died and Nimrod sent away Terah and his family. And then the Almighty told Abraham to go to Canaan.


Tao Te Ching

Tao Te Ching ( <nowiki>[</nowiki><nowiki>]</nowiki>) is the Chinese name of a book by a man named Laozi (or Lao Tzu, which literally means "old master"). Laozi was a sage (a wise man) and he was a record-keeper. The title can mean "The Book of the Way and its Virtue." People believe the book was written around 600 BC.

It is an important text to Chinese culture. It is very important in Chinese philosophy (way of thinking) and religion. It is the main book for Taoism, which is both a philosophy and part of Chinese folk religion. It also influenced other philosophies in and around China.

There are many ways to translate the book's title, because each Chinese word has a few meanings:

The three words together gives the meaning "Virtue Way Rules".

The book is constructed of a series of poems, each containing a rule, way or belief to becoming successful.

The Tao Te Ching is a short book of about 5,000 Chinese characters. It has 81 short chapters. It has two parts: Part One is the Tao Ching (道經) "Way Rules", which is chapters 1–37; Part Two is the Te Ching (德經) "Virtue Rules", which is chapters 38–81.

The Tao Te Ching is one of the most translated books in history, alongside the Bible and the Quran. Why are there thousands of translations? The text is short, the meaning is difficult. There are many interpretations, or ways to understand what the book says.



Bacon

Bacon is a type of meat that comes from pigs. It is taken from the sides, back, or belly of the pig. It is often cut in thin slices, unlike other cured or smoked pork products. It is usually fried or grilled. It can also be microwaved.

In the U.S., back bacon and smoked ham is sometimes called Canadian bacon.

Bacon has lots of fat. Because bacon comes from pigs, people of some religions will not eat it. In some cultures and religions (such as Islam and Judaism), eating pork may be considered "unclean." Because of this, other varieties of bacon are also made out of turkey or chicken instead. Turkey bacon and chicken bacon usually contain half of the fat of pork-based bacon.

The type of bacon is different depending on the primal cut of pork it is made of.


The inclusion of skin with a cut of bacon is called the 'bacon rind'.

Salted pork belly first appeared in China. In Middle English the term bacon or bacoun meant pork in general. Before the Industrial Revolution, bacon was mostly made on local farms and in home kitchens. The world's first bacon processing plant was opened in Wiltshire in the 1770s.

Molotov-Ribbentrop pact

The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, otherwise known as the Nazi-Soviet Pact, was signed by Vyacheslav Molotov (Stalin's Soviet foreign minister) and Joachim von Ribbentrop (Hitler's German foreign minister) on 23 August 1939. The agreement promised that neither the Soviet Union nor Nazi Germany would attack each other.

A secret part established spheres of interest in Eastern Europe, and a border between both countries existed after they had invaded and divided Poland.

Only nine days later, on 1 September 1939, the German invasion of Poland began. On 17 September, the Soviet invasion of Poland began. 

About 250,000 to 454,700 Polish soldiers and policemen were captured and interned by the Soviet authorities. About 125,000 were imprisoned in camps run by the NKVD, and 43,000 soldiers born in western Poland, which was under German control, were transferred to the Germans. In turn, the Soviets received 13,575 Polish prisoners from the Germans, which showed how close the co-operation was between the Germans and the Soviets. 

On 3 September, France and the United Kingdom declared war soon because both had promised to defend Poland if it was attacked. Since neither of them was ready for war, they did nothing to help Poland for some time, but the Second World War clearly had started on that day.

Hitler later broke the pact in June 1941 by invading the Soviet Union in Operation Barbarossa. The war would end by the Soviet victory in 1945.

Vyacheslav Molotov

Vyacheslav Mikhaylovich Molotov (; in Kukarka – November 8, 1986 in Moscow) was a Soviet politician and diplomat who served as the Premier of the Soviet Union from 1930 to 1941. He was a leading figure in the Soviet government from the 1920s, when he came to power. He worked for Joseph Stalin from 1924 to 1953 when Stalin died, and for Georgy Malenkov from March-September 1953. He worked for Nikita Khrushchev until Khrushchev dismissed him from office in 1956.

Molotov was the main Soviet signatory of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact of 1939. The pact was signed between Germany and the Soviet Union, and both countries promised not to attack each other. The pact lasted about two years until Germany started the invasion of the Soviet Union on June 22, 1941.

The Molotov Cocktail, which was invented by Finns fighting in the Winter War against the Soviet invasion of Finland, is named after him. 

Babylonia

Babylonia was a city state in Mesopotamia in the 2nd millennium BC, over 3000 years ago. Its capital city was Babylon, which meant "The Gate of the Gods". They built an empire out of the lands of the former Akkadian empire.

Mesopotamia is the region of the two rivers, Euphrates and Tigris. At that time the region also included the city states of Assyria to the north, and Elam to the south-east. It is part of the Fertile Crescent in the Middle East. It was there people first lived together in a civilization, with farming, cities and writing. 

The Babylonians had a written language that they used for trade and communication. They got it from the Sumerians, who invented it. The Babylonians used the same cuneiform system of pressing triangular shapes into soft clay. They wrote in two different languages: Sumerian for religious purposes and Akkadian language for official purposes.

Hammurabi was a king of Babylon who fought wars. He made Babylonia into an empire by putting Assyria under a vassal (puppet) king. He made the earliest written set of laws, the "Code of Hammurabi". It has 280 judgments. It can be seen today in the Louvre, in Paris. The earlier Sumerian punishments had not been harsh, but Babylonian law was quite severe. The death penalty was given for theft, murder, and other crimes.

The houses in Babylon had open roofs, so that on hot nights, the family could sleep there. The living rooms, dining rooms, and the kitchens were, of course, downstairs. Lamps burned with olive oil, and every house had a chapel for burial and worship ceremonies. Since Mesopotamia had only clay for use in building, the strong wooden supports for the houses were imported from Lebanon. Eventually, people began baking their bricks and improved the strength of their buildings.

Later, Babylon was sacked by the Hittite king Musilis I, which led to the so-called 'Dark Ages' of the Bronze Age, where there is little evidence in writing. The date of the sacking of Babylon is debated by archaeologists, who have proposed no fewer than four chronologies. Possible dates for the sack of Babylon are:
The difficulty is to line up the Mesopotamian dates with the Ancient Egyptian dates.

After the Hittite destruction, Babylon was ruled by Kassites for 576 years. Next it was ruled by Elam, and then regained its independence for about three centuries. They were then conquered by the Neo-Assyrians. A century later they again became free, to form the Neo-Babylonian or Chaldean Empire. This constant conquest and re-conquest is partly due to geography. There are no natural boundaries except the rivers, and it is easy to get at the cities from north or south.

The king Nebuchadnezzar II reigned for 43 years. He conquered Phoenicia in 585 BC.

The Babylonian empire was finally brought to an end by Cyrus the Great of Persia. 

It was in 549 BC that Cyrus put an end to the empire of the Medes. Three years later Cyrus had become king of the Achaemenid Empire (Persia), and was engaged in a campaign in northern Mesopotamia. 

In 539 BC Cyrus invaded Babylonia. A battle was fought at Opis in the month of June, where the Babylonians were defeated; and immediately afterwards Sippara surrendered to the invader. Two days after the capture of Sippara, "the soldiers of Cyrus entered Babylon without fighting". Cyrus did not arrive until the 3rd of "Marchesvan" (October), Gobryas having acted for him in his absence. Gobryas was now made governor of the province of Babylon.

Cyrus now claimed to be the legitimate successor of the ancient Babylonian kings and the avenger of their god Bel-Marduk. The invasion of Babylonia by Cyrus was doubtless helped by the presence of foreign forced exiles like the Jews, who had been planted in the midst of the country.

One of the first acts of Cyrus was to allow these exiles to return to their own homes, carrying with them the images of their god and their sacred vessels. The permission to do so was embodied in a proclamation, whereby the conqueror endeavored to justify his claim to the Babylonian throne. The feeling was still strong that none had a right to rule over western Asia until he had been consecrated to the office by Bel and his priests; and accordingly, Cyrus henceforth assumed the imperial title of "King of Babylon."

Like the Sumerians, the Babylonians ate vegetables, fruits, meat, and fish. They also ate bread and enjoyed toasting and eating the pesky but crunchy locusts which destroyed their precious crops.

The Babylonians loved art. Beautiful vessels ornamented with sparkling gold were buried with the kings. In those days books dealt with floods which were thought to be caused by sin, or about the journey of Abraham. 
Science, too, improved well: they invented the first calendar, the 60-minute hour, and the advance multiplication table.

Life was rich, full, and usually peaceful. People rarely thought about war or how to protect the city. As a result, Babylon was conquered in 730 BC by the Assyrians and Kassites. This great civilization then ended.


Joachim von Ribbentrop

Ulrich Friedrich Wilhelm Joachim von Ribbentrop ("von" was added only later) (30 April 1893 in Wesel,Rhine Province,Prussia,Germany/16 October 1946 in Nuremberg,Bavaria, Germany) was the foreign minister of Germany from 1938 to 1945. He was executed by hanging for war crimes after the Nuremberg trials.

From 1936 to 1938, before the Second World War, he had been the ambassador to the United Kingdom.

Noise

Noise is another word for sound. It usually means it is not wanted. Noise is perceived by our ears. They can be damaged by noise. Noise is created through any object, which produces vibration unnecessarily. 

Noise can also mean data (information) that typically does not have a meaning, like "white noise". Loudspeaker measurements can use white noise for measuring loudspeakers frequency response.

Noise can also refer to some math that makes random numbers. Click here to learn about it.

In electronics, heat produces noise in resistors. Depending on the type of resistor, the amount of noise may differ. Most audio devices are designed not to produce noise.


Karma

Karma is a word meaning the result of a person's actions as well as the actions themselves. It is a term about the cycle of cause and effect. According to the theory of Karma, what happens to a person, happens because they caused it with their actions. It is an important part of many religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism. In Shinto (a religion often syncretised with Buddhism), Karma is interpreted as "Musubi" (むすび), a view of karma is recognized in Shinto as a means of enriching, empowering and life affirming.

In terms of spiritual development, Karma is about all that a person has done, is doing and will do. Karma is logically about punishment or reward. It makes a person responsible for their own life, and how they treat other people.

The "Theory of Karma" is a major belief in Hinduism, Ayyavazhi, Sikhism, Buddhism, and Jainism. All living creatures are responsible for their karma - their actions and the effects of their actions.

 Karma is often misconstrued as the universal principle of cause and effect. Our actions, both good and bad, come back to us in the future, helping us to learn from life’s lessons and become better people. In religions that include reincarnation, karma extends through one's present life and all past and future lives as well.

Karma is basically energy. One person throws out energy through thoughts, words and actions, and it comes back, in time, through other people. Karma is the best teacher, forcing people to face the consequences of their own actions and thus improve and refine their behavior, or suffer if they do not. Even harsh karma, when faced in wisdom, can be the greatest spark for spiritual growth. The conquest of karma lies in intelligent action and unemotional response.

Supporting any action, with the claim, "I am doing it," is karma. Claiming doership of any action, binds karma. To support the action with the belief 'I am the doer' is called binding the karma. It is this support of the belief of 'doership' that binds karma. If you know that you are not the doer and are aware of who the true doer is, 'I am not the doer' and 'who is the doer' then the action will not have any support and the karma will be shed.

The process of action and reaction on all levels—physical, mental and spiritual—is karma. One must pay attention to thoughts, because thought can make karmas—good, bad and mixed.

“I say kind words to you, and you feel peaceful and happy. I say harsh words to you, and you become ruffled and upset. The kindness and the harshness will return to me, through others, at a later time. Finally, what I give is what I get back.”

“An architect thinks creative, productive thoughts while drawing plans for a new building. But were he to think destructive, unproductive thoughts, he would soon not be able to accomplish any kind of positive task even if he desired to do so.”

Hindus look at time as a circle, as things cycle around again. Karma is a very just law which, like gravity, treats everyone the same. The law of karma puts man at the center of responsibility for everything he does and everything that is done to him. Understanding the way karma works, Hindus try to live a virtuous life. This is called dharma.

There are three types of karma in Hinduism:

Karma is considered one of the natural laws of the mind, just as gravity is a law of matter. Just as God created gravity to bring order to the physical world, He created karma as a divine system of justice that is self-governing and infinitely fair. It automatically creates the appropriate future experience in response to the current action.

Several different views exist in Hinduism regarding the role of divine beings. In Hinduism, many see the deities or devas as playing some kind of role. Other Hindus, such as the Mimamsakas, reject such notions and see karma as acting independently, considering the natural laws of causation sufficient to explain the effects of karma.

Some interpretations of the Bhagavad Gita suggest an intermediate view, that karma is a law of cause and effect yet God can mitigate karma for His devotees. It is said in Bhagavad Gita that only the karma that is done with a sense of doership and with attachment to the karma could cause good or bad reactions. Karma that is done with an attitude of duty and without attachment to the results will not create any effect and will move one closer to God.

Another view holds that a Satguru, acting on God's behalf, can mitigate or work out some of the karma of the disciple.



Western hemisphere

The western hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is west of the Prime Meridian. Pretend that the earth is cut in half, from the North Pole, through England, to the South Pole. The Western Hemisphere is the half to the west. The other half is called the Eastern Hemisphere.


Molotov cocktail

A Molotov cocktail, also known as a petrol bomb, fire bomb, or benzine torch, is a simple incendiary device, meant to start a fire. It is relatively easy to make and is used by irregular paramilitary forces and by rioters. It is also used for arson.

It was used for the first time in the Spanish Civil War between July 1936 and April 1939, but it became known as "Molotov cocktails" only during the Second World War.

A Molotov cocktail consists of a glass bottle partly filled with a flammable liquid. The liquid will typically be gasoline, alcohol, methanol or ethanol. The mouth of the bottle is closed with a cork or other type of tight sealing made of rubber, glass, or plastic, and a cloth rag is fixed securely around the mouth. The weapon is used by first soaking the rag in a flammable liquid immediately before using it, lighting the rag, and throwing the bottle at the target. The bottle breaks when it lands, spilling the flammable liquid over the target, which is then ignited by the burning rag.

Many substances may be added to the basic Molotov cocktail to enhance its use as a weapon. These include:

Molotov cocktails are similar to napalm bombs in principle. Napalm was originally made by combining flammable naphthalene and petrol with a thickening agent palmitic acid. The latter two are the main ingredients of Molotov cocktails. When gasoline is used as the main ingredient, motor oil is commonly added to help the gasoline cling to the target.

The name "Molotov cocktail" is derived from Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Molotov, a Soviet politician. He was the People's Commissar for Foreign Affairs, or the Foreign Minister, of the Soviet Union.

During the early part of World War II, when Finland refused to surrender some land to the Soviet Union, the Soviets invaded it. The poorly equipped and heavily outnumbered Finnish Army faced Red Army tanks in what came to be known as the Winter War. The army borrowed an improvised incendiary device from the 1936–39 Spanish Civil War. In that conflict, the Spanish Nationalists under the orders of General Francisco Franco had used the weapon against Soviet T-26 tanks. Those tanks helped the Spanish Republicans in a failed 1936 Soviet assault near Toledo, 30 km from Madrid.

When Molotov claimed in radio broadcasts that the Soviet Union was not dropping bombs but rather delivering food to the starving Finns, the Finns started to call the air bombs satirically "Molotov bread baskets". Soon they responded by saluting the advancing tanks with "Molotov cocktails." At first the term was used to describe only the burning mixture itself, but the term was soon applied to the combination of both the bottle and its contents. This Finnish use of the hand- or sling-thrown explosive against Soviet tanks was repeated in the subsequent Continuation War. Molotov cocktails were eventually mass-produced by the Finnish military, bundled with matches to light them.

These weapons saw widespread use by all sides in World War II. They were very effective against light tanks, and very bad for enemy morale. The following is a first-hand description of their effects, written during the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in 1943:

During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, members of the Israeli Kibbutz Degania managed to stop a Syrian tank assault by using Molotov cocktails. They were frequently used against Soviet tanks with great efficiency in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.

The weapon has been used against tanks effectively because of the conformation of parts of tanks, particularly around the undersides and fuel tank "entrances". A Molotov cocktail could blow up the fuel tank, destroying the machine, particularly for older (before 1940) tank models. Molotov cocktails are much more effective against gasoline engines than diesel engines' tanks. This is because diesel has a high flashpoint of 64 °C – making it more difficult to ignite compared to petrol. Some Soviet tanks actually had an entry to the gas tank on the side of the vehicle, which could be opened by combatants in close quarters, letting out the highly flammable liquid and making destruction of the tank even easier. These tactics are effective only inside a small space, where tanks cannot easily maneuver. In such conditions quick-moving enemies, armed with incendiary bombs, have a huge advantage.

Petrol bombs were widely used throughout the Troubles in Northern Ireland in riot situations, directed towards the RUC or the British Army. As well as occasional situations where they continue to be used against the PSNI and army, they are frequently used in sectarian attacks on homes and businesses by both communities. Fireworks and homemade grenades, known as blast bombs now commonly accompany petrol bomb attacks on the security forces.

As such things can cause a lot of damage, and actually kill people, it is illegal in most countries to make or possess them. When they are used against property, this usually counts as "arson". When they are used against people, the charges range from manslaughter to murder.

Given the recent terrorism laws, such things could also fall under anti-terror legislation.

Ukrainians were using these to fend off Russian tanks late February 2022.

Molotov cocktails were put to use recently during the riotous 2005 civil unrest in France. Another situation with popularity for them is the Palestinian Intifada.

In Sydney, during the Cronulla Riots, rioters carrying Molotov cocktails were apprehended when they carried open bottles in a bus. The resulting smell of petrol alerted the driver, who in turn alerted the police.

During the Columbine High School massacre, the two gunmen built and threw several Molotov cocktails; however, none of them exploded. It is presumed that this was due to bottles being overfilled.


Flammability

Flammability or inflammability means that something can be set on fire easily. It will burn easily. The words come from Latin. The word at the base is "in-flammare" (late Latin). It means something like "to put fire to a thing".

"Inflammable" and "flammable" are used to mean the same thing. People sometimes get confused and think that "inflammable" means "not flammable" because the prefix "in" is often used to mean "not". For example, something that is inhuman is not human. Since many people do not know that "inflammable" means "burns easily", "flammable" is used more often in public places as a warning.

Flammability can be tested. Paper, for example, is more flammable than wood, and less flammable than natural gas.

Arson

Arson is a crime. When someone deliberately sets fire to anything (such as a building or vehicle) they do not own and they want to cause damage, it is called arson. A person who commits arson is an arsonist. Arsonists usually use gasoline or kerosene to start a fire. 

Arsonists use matches, Molotov cocktails and fire starters to start a fire. Arson is common in violent protests and retaliations against the government and other powers. 

Arsonists deliberately burn things for benefits that they want. This includes personal reasons, reasons related to money, or political reasons.

Julio Gonzalez became one of the most prolific arsonists in history when he set fire to the Happy Land nightclub with only 6 of the 93 occupants making it out alive. Julio started the fire after the bouncer kicked him out late in the evening due to him quarreling with his girlfriend Lydia Feliciano after she recently quit her job there. She was one of the 6 people to survive the fire. The club also came under fire due to the club having no fire escapes or sprinklers. 

Cocktail

A cocktail is a kind of mixed drink. Usually, it is made with alcoholic drinks such as vodka, gin or rum. Since such spirits do not have much taste of their own (at around 40% alcohol), other ingredients are added. Common ingredients are fruits, fruit juice, sugar, crushed ice, and ice cubes. If the cocktail is served in a bar or nightclub, it often comes with a piece of fruit on top. For example, a gin and tonic could have a lemon, a Piña Colada could have a pineapple and a cherry. A popular cocktail in Cornwall UK is the McVey, 440ml of strongbow and 125ml of Malibu.

Most cocktails were invented in the late 19th or early 20th centuries. People began drinking a lot of cocktails in the United States in the 1920s due to Prohibition. Around that time, cocktails from Cuba, such as the mojito, became popular around the world.

Cocktails made without alcohol are also made.

Because all the ingredients give their flavor to the finished drink, a cocktail is only as good as the worst ingredient.

There are many kinds of cocktails. They include:



1103

1103 was a common year.



Sneeze

A sneeze is a reaction in the body that suddenly presses air out of lungs so it flows quickly out through the mouth and nose. Air and mucus (the liquid found in the nose) are forced out quickly. Sneezing often happens after breathing dust or other small things that irritate the membranes in the nose. The function of sneezing is to clean the space in the nose by removing the mucus and irritating things. Sneezing is mostly involuntary, which means that it happens without trying.

A sneeze consists of a deep inward breath that fills the lungs, a closing or partial closing of the throat, and a sudden increase in pressure in the lungs that forces air out. This increase in pressure is a result of muscles near the lungs that contract (tighten and shorten). Sneezing never happens during sleep because reflex signals do not pass to the part of the brain that causes muscles to move. When people sneeze, their eyes close. The speed of the air from sneezing is about 150 kilometers per hour or more.

Many animals sneeze, including human beings, cats, dogs, chickens and iguanas.

When a person sneezes, many small drops of saliva and mucus blow out from the nose and mouth. These tiny drops often contain viruses and bacteria. Some of these are germs, which can make other people sick. To keep this from happening as much, is important to block the sneezed air with something like cloth or tissue to catch the drops. It also helps to move away from other people, go outside, or face away.

A common thing to say to people when they sneeze is "Bless you!", or sometimes in the United States sometimes "Gesundheit!" (from German, meaning "Good health"). There is a story that the blessing started with Pope Gregory VII (540–604 AD). He said a blessing might stop people from getting the bubonic plague which was killing people in Rome at the time. There is a myth that when you sneeze your heart and all internal organs stop functioning.

The sound of a sneeze is written "achoo!" in English. Other languages write it differently. For example, in Swedish it is "atjoo!", in French it is "atchoum!" and in German it is "Hatschi!".

Some involuntary ways that people move air in or out of the lungs are: to sneeze, laugh, cough, hiccup, or yawn.


Puma

Pumas ("Puma concolor"), also called cougars, mountain lions, catamounts, or brown panthers, are large wild cats that live in the western half of North America, along with Florida, and most of Central and South America. 

Pumas are mainly tan-color, and can be up to 9 feet long, although average length is 6 – 8 feet. They can weigh from 29 kilograms to 90 kilograms. (The males are larger.) Most pumas live up to 21 years. Although pumas are very large and some are larger than humans, the puma is classified as a small cat. That means that, in scientific terms, the puma is more closely related to the domestic cat than they are to lions. Unlike the big cats in the genus "Panthera", the puma cannot roar. Instead, it can growl, hiss, screech, and purr. Since pumas are, in the biological sense, small cats, they are capable of purring continuously. The big cats can only purr while breathing out. 

Pumas are carnivores because they eat only meat. Pumas are apex predators. They prey on deer, elk, raccoons, squirrels, foxes, rabbits, and skunks. They can also prey on mice, beavers, coyotes, bobcats, birds, porcupines, fish, and bear cubs. They will sometimes prey on livestock such as cattle, goats, sheep, and pigs. They hunt at night. Cougars can see better at night than people can. They can hear well too. Pumas stalk their prey, which means they walk slowly and quietly, they hide and then when close, they jump or run fast to catch their prey by surprise. They live and hunt alone. Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to take care for themselves. Baby cougars are called cubs or kittens.

Pumas live in the mountains and forests far from people. However, encounters with humans happen sometimes. 26 people have been killed by cougars in North America in the last 30 years. However, many more cougars have been killed by humans. Cougars used to be found all in eastern North America, but they were hunted to extinction there by the beginning of the 1900s. Also, recent sightings of cougars have been reported from Michigan, New Brunswick, southern Indiana, Kentucky, and Vermont. For now, the only confirmed, population of cougars east of the Mississippi River is in Florida, where a subspecies of the cougar lives.



Google Talk

Google Talk (also called Google Chat) was an instant messaging service that was offered by Google. It let users communicate by using texting and voice chatting. The service was sometimes called Gchat, Gtalk, or Gmessage by its users.

It is built on the XMPP platform. A web-based version was also available online.

Armour

Armour (or armor U.S.) is a protective covering or clothing to prevent injury from attack. Armour can be worn by a person, or it can be used to protect machines, animals, even buildings. Armour has always been made from the strongest materials available at the time, but weight has always been a problem. Early body armour was made from leather. Later, metals were used (e.g. mail or plate armour). Some modern armour, like bullet-proof vests, are made from plastics that do not stretch or break, such as Kevlar. These plastics may be woven into a cloth and used in layers, which makes them even stronger.

Plastic lamination (layers) is often used to protect windows against bullets. Many jewellery stores, embassies, and vehicles have bullet-proof glass with this feature.

Armour put on vehicles is usually made of metal and can include one layer over another with open spaces in between (spaced armour) or multiple layers of metal; ceramics (baked clay), and other materials. Another type of armour uses blocks of explosive that explode when another explosion goes off near it. This explosive armour protects by pushing against the other explosion. Vehicle armor is often angled to increase the amount of armour that must be shot through to get inside and to make the shot bounce off rather than piercing the armour.

Tanks have the heaviest armour of all land vehicles. Other military vehicles have armour, but not as much as a tank. 

Sometimes armour is put in non-military vehicles, such as limousines used by leaders of a country or by anyone who thinks they might be attacked such as film stars or leaders of major companies.

In the past, armour has also been used in wars to protect animals such as dogs, elephants, and horses. Today, police dogs and horses sometimes wear woven plastic bullet-proof vests.

Many sports involve violent physical contact and may be highly dangerous if the players are unprotected. Such sports include ice hockey, American football and kendo. Sports armour is usually made from hard plastic. 

North Star Computers

North Star Computers was one of the earliest manufacturers of microcomputers. Before they started making their first computer, the "North Star Horizon", they made floppy disk drives for S-100 bus computers. They included a disk operating system called "North Star DOS" (or "N*DOS"). The Horizon used the North Star disk controller and operating system. It was one of the first microcomputers that had multi-user features.

Their second computer, called the "North Star Advantage", ran CP/M, and had the keyboard and monitor built-in. The graphics were very powerful for their time. When the IBM PC came out, North Star made an MS-DOS compatible processor card that could be added to the "Advantage".

Their third computer, the "North Star Dimension", was multi-user like the "Horizon", but MS-DOS based.

Because their products in the early 1980s were only MS-DOS compatible, not fully PC compatible, they never sold very many, and the company went out of business.

Mario Bros.

Mario Bros. is a video game made in 1983. In the game, Mario and/or Luigi must defeat enemies by jumping on them from below and then kicking them, when they are knocked down. It is the first game to feature Luigi as a playable character as well as the first game in which Mario is named Mario. In "Donkey Kong", Mario was called Jumpman. It was later remade for other game consoles at the time. "Mario Bros." was also included with the four "Super Mario Advance" games.

Oval

An oval is a shape. It is round but a bit longer in one direction. 


Focus

Focus is a Latin word for hearth. In English it means many things.


Pipe organ

The pipe organ is a keyboard instrument in which the sound is made by air blowing through pipes. A person who plays the organ is called an organist. The organist plays the instrument using both the hands and the feet. The hands play the keyboards (called manuals), while the feet play pedals which also make notes.

Organs have been made for many centuries. They are usually found in places for Christian worship such as churches and cathedrals, although they may also be found in places like town halls and concert halls or even large private houses. Very small organs can be called “chamber organs”. Organs in large churches, cathedrals or halls are very large instruments indeed, and are built especially for the building they are in. They are called “pipe organs” to distinguish them from modern “electronic organs”.

No two organs are ever quite the same, and they vary greatly from one country to another and one historical period to another. The information here is about organs from Europe, Great Britain and America.

In a pipe organ, the musical notes are made by blowing air through pipes. Every organ must have pipes, something to blow the air and a way of controlling which pipes are played.

The pipes are made of metal or wood. They are lined up in rows in the "organ case" which can be as big as a room. The metal pipes are round tubes. They can be made of different types of metal, but the most common type is an alloy (or mixture of metals) of tin and lead called "spotted metal" because it has round shiny spots on it. This alloy makes pipes sound good as the harder tin provides clarity and definition while the softer lead produces tonal warmth. Very small pipes can sometimes be made of silver, like flutes. Some organs also have some pipes made of brass that sound like trumpets. Most organs have a lot of wooden pipes. The wooden pipes have four flat sides and make a sound different from that of the "spotted metal" pipes. They are not usually seen; they are neatly lined up behind the large metal pipes at the front of the organ which are sometimes painted with colours and patterns. All the pipes have to be made with an end that tapers at the bottom where the air blows in.

Each pipe can play only one note which depends on its size. The small pipes play high notes and the large pipes play low notes. Each pipe has its own special sound which depends on the material it is made from (whether it is wood or brass or spotted metal) and on the shape of the pipe. The pipes are arranged in "ranks" so that all the pipes of the same shape and material can be controlled to play a tune together, without all the others.

To blow air through the organ, there are boxes called "wind chests". When the organist is playing, he/she can see a little gauge that tells whether there is enough air. The wind chests can be kept full in two ways. The old-fashioned way is to have an enormous set of "bellows" which are pumped up and down by a person using a large handle. This sucks in air and fills the wind chest. Pumping the bellows of a large pipe organ is heavy work. For this reason, most organs nowadays have an electric motor and a large fan which fills the wind chest.

The organist uses keyboards like those on a piano to play the organ. A small organ may have just one keyboard, but many organs have two keyboards and a very big one may even have five. Organists do not call them keyboards; they call them "manuals". An organist will talk about "a four-manual organ" (which means it is a large one). The manuals are arranged on the organ "console", and the organist sits on a bench in front of the console to play. Apart from the manuals there are two other important parts of the console. There are a set of long wooden pedals which the organist can play with his/her feet. Each pedal plays a different note.

On either side of the manuals there are rows of "stops" which look like knobs. The stops can be pulled out or pushed in. When a stop is pulled out, it turns on some sets of pipes. The organist can choose whether to play loud pipes or soft pipes, flute-sounding pipes or brassy pipes, sweet pipes or harsh-sounding pipes. As the organist plays, he/she does not just have to think about the right notes. He/she also has to think about the sort of "voice" that the organ should play in. He/she can play different ranks of pipes together by pulling out several stops. Some pipes, usually the biggest decorated pipes at the very front of the organ, are used only for the grandest music. By tradition, these pipes are the symbol of the "Voice of God".

When the organist presses the keys of the organ, the sound comes from the air blowing through the pipes. This is because a valve (an opening with a one-way door) opens up to let the air into the pipe, and closes again when the organist stops pressing that key. This can happen in several ways. Traditional organs have what is called a "tracker action". The trackers are thin wooden rods and wires which move backwards and forwards, opening and shutting all the valves. They are worked by levers under the keyboard. A tracker action organ has to have the console right near the organ, usually under the big front pipes.

A more modern development was to have a "tubular pneumatic" action, in which the console could be away from the organ, but connected to it by tubes through which air could be pushed to open the valves. In the most modern pipe organs, the manual is connected to the organ pipes by electric wires. The power to open and shut the valves is controlled by electro-magnetic switches. The console does not have to be close to the organ. This makes it possible for the organist to sit in a position where he/she has good contact with the people in the church, or with other musicians.

A very small organ may only have one manual (keyboard). Most organs have at least two. In English and American Organs the lower manual is the main one and is called the "Great". The upper manual is called the "Swell" because it operates pipes which are inside a “swell box” which has shutters that can be opened or closed. This makes the music get louder or quieter (crescendo or diminuendo). The organist operates the swell box with a pedal which pivots (rocks to and fro). It is in the centre just above the pedal board. On old English organs the swell box is operated by a lever at the side. This is quite difficult to use. Most of these have now been replaced by central swell boxes.

If there is a third manual, it is called the "Choir" in English-speaking countries. Originally the English called them “chair organs” because they were a separate instrument. The organist had to turn round and face the other way to play it. It is thought that the word "chair" gradually changed to "choir" because it was often used to accompany the choir. In German organs the third manual was called the “Positiv”. The name “Rückpositiv” (“back positive”) was used because the pipes were behind the organist’s back as he/she sat facing the main organ. These started to become popular again with organ builders in the 1950s when it was felt that the Romantic organ was not suitable for old music, and some organ builders started using Baroque principles again so that the music of composers such as Bach could sound like it used to. The Choir manual is nearest to the player, the Great is in the middle and the Swell is farthest away. The Choir or Positiv often contains soft stops which are suitable for accompanying the choir. On French organs from the late 19th century onwards, the three manuals are arranged differently: the Great (“Grande Orgue”) is nearest to the player, the “Positif” is the middle manual and is like a smaller version of the Great, and the Swell (“Recit”) is the top manual. This makes it easy for the organist to build up the music, getting louder gradually, by starting at the top and gradually coming down.

The fourth manual is called the "Solo" because the stops on this manual are used to play out the tune as a solo. This manual is even farther away from the player than the Swell. Large cathedral organs usually have four manuals. The Solo will probably have a very loud stop indeed called the “Tuba” or “Tuba Mirabilis”.
If there is a fifth manual it may be called the "Echo" because it has very quiet stops that echo. Alternatively, especially on American organs, it might be a "Bombarde". The Bombarde usually contains loud, bold reed stops, including stops called 'Bombarde'. For instance: a State Trumpet or Pontifical Trumpet might be placed on this manual which can be heard above all the other stops playing. The Bombarde is borrowed from French Organs where it is a standard stop on nearly all the manuals and pedals. Having a Bombarde Manual is something of a luxury for an organist. It can be found, for example, on the organ of Westminster Abbey.

It is extremely unusual to have more than five manuals, but in America there are a few very large organs. The Wanamaker organ at Macy's store in Philadelphia has six manuals. The world’s largest organ is in the Atlantic City Convention Hall. It has seven manuals and over 33,000 pipes. However, the largest organ in the world does not work since it would be too expensive to run it.

Having two or three manuals makes it possible to have quick changes of sound during a piece. The player can also play on two manuals at once: one with the left hand and one with the right. This is particularly useful to make a tune louder than the accompaniment (on a piano this can be done by pressing harder). The manuals can also be coupled together, for example, pulling out the “Swell to Great” stop will make all the sounds from the Swell come out on the Great as well. On an organ with mechanical action the keys of the Swell will be seen “playing by themselves” like a pianola, but on some older organs it can be hard work for the organist’s fingers when the manuals are coupled as it makes the action very heavy.

The notes on the pedals are arranged like the notes on a keyboard, but are obviously much bigger. The player needs to learn to play by 'feel', otherwise he will have to spend all his time looking at his feet. He plays each note, either with the toe or the heel and either on the inside of the foot or the outside. The American and British Standard organ contains 30 notes giving a range of nearly 2 octaves (C to F, or sometimes C to G: 32 notes). They are not quite in a straight line but fan out a little to make it easier to play (it is called a "radiating, concave pedalboard"). In German and French organs and organs built before 1920, the pedalboard will be straight without any fan curvature to it. Many organists find that this makes it more difficult to play. Organists need a good pair of shoes: ones which have good narrow heels and preferably pointed toes. The soles need to be fairly slippery, but not too much, so that the player can slide the foot from one pedal to another. Organists usually like to keep a pair of shoes which are worn only for playing the organ so that the soles do not have grit or dirt from the street.
The stops on an organ console give different sounds, like the instruments of an orchestra, and have names which tell the organist what kind of sound they will produce. The stops are usually to the left and right of the organist and they are pulled out (“drawstops” or “pulls” because they are “drawn” i.e. pulled). Some organs have “tab stops” or “rocker stops” which are in front of the player and can be rocked forwards and backwards for on/off.

The stops of an organ can be divided into families.

The "chorus" stops are the foundation stops, the basic ones which are good for building up the big, solid sound. A "diapason" or "principal" is a chorus stop.

The "flute" stops sound like flutes in an orchestra. They are gentler than the diapasons and sound good for very quick and light music.

The "reeds" are stops like the "oboe", "clarinet", "trumpet", "fagotto", "trombone". Each pipe has a reed inside. Their sound is very strong and nasal (like speaking through the nose).

The "strings" are quiet stops which sound like string instruments. These are stops like the "violone" and "gamba".

There is another way of grouping the stops. Each stop will have a number underneath the name. The number may be 16, 8, 4, 2, 1 or even 2 2/3 or 1 3/5. If the number is 8 this is called an “eight foot stop”. This is the normal pitch: the note will sound as it is written, e.g. when playing Middle C the sound will be Middle C. A 4-foot stop will sound an octave higher than written, a 2-foot stop will be two octaves higher. A 16-foot stop will sound an octave lower than an 8-foot stop. 8 foot is therefore the normal pitch, and the others are added to it to make a larger, brighter sound. 16 foot stops are normal in pedal parts.

Mutation stops are stops in which a note does not sound a whole number of octaves above the normal pitch. Examples are the Tierce 1 3/5 (which sounds 2 octaves and a third above) and the Nazard or Twelfth 2 2/3 (one octave and a fifth).

An organist needs to learn which combinations of stops sound good together and how to balance them well. Each organ is different and has its own character.

The combination of stops that an organist chooses for a particular piece of music is called the “registration”. The list of all the stops that a particular organ has is called the “specification”. The specification of an organ shows the names of the stops for each of the manuals and for the pedals, as well as the list of couplers.

Organs also have buttons called “pistons” which help to change the registration in the middle of a piece. There are “toe pistons” operated by the feet, and “thumb pistons” which are placed just below each manual so that they can be pushed by the thumb while the fingers keep playing. Large organs often have “general pistons” which change any combination of stops across the organ. These are often be computerised so that players can set them up differently depending on the music they are going to play. If several players regularly use the instrument they can each have their own personal settings for the pistons which they can lock so that no one else can change them.

Each stop controls a row of pipes, called a “rank”. Each rank makes a different sound (one row for the “diapason” sound, another row for the “flute”, another for the “trumpet” and so on). The stops control the air flow through the ranks. Some stops may control more than one rank. For instance, a Mixture stop of three ranks will have 182 pipes (3 ranks of 61 pipes each) and in some organs the Celeste is a 2 rank stop. The celeste pipes are tuned slightly sharper than the rest of the organ so that, when played together with another quiet stop such as the Salicional, there will be a pleasant throbbing beat because two pipes are slightly out of tune with one another. Organ Pipes are normally made of metal or wood. High quality metal organ pipes usually contain 75 percent tin or more, and the rest is lead. The Pipes are placed on windchests inside an "organ case" in a special room called an Organ chamber. A windchest is a box-like device which contains pallets that are opened and closed to admit air to a pipe so that it sounds. The pallets are operated by pull wires and rollers in the case of a tracker instrument but may also be operated by pneumatics or direct electric action using magnets.

There is always air being pumped into the windchest when the organ is switched on. In the days before electricity someone (an organ blower) had to pump the air into the windchest using bellows. This was hard work. Large organs would have needed more than one organ blower to do this job.

No other instrument has developed in such a wide variety of ways as the organ. If Bach, who lived in the early 18th century, had gone from his home in Germany to France, he would have found it impossible to play his music properly on French organs. If Couperin, who lived at the same time, had gone from his home in France to Germany, he would not have been able to play his music on the organs that Bach was using. Neither of them could possibly have played on an organ in England at the time. For one thing, English organs in the 18th century still had no pedals. This means that organists need to know a lot about what organs were like in other countries in other centuries in order to know what registrations to use when playing music by composers of the past.

The earliest organs were water organs invented in Ancient Greece. The Romans used them in circuses and gladiator combats because they were loud. They were still popular in some countries a few hundred years ago, for example, in pleasure gardens.

In the Middle Ages large organs were built in the huge Gothic cathedrals in Britain. These instruments did not have different stops: all the ranks sounded at once. They were played by a slider mechanism. Only in the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries did they start to use a keyboard. The so-called "Mixture Organ" (or "Blockwerk") still sounded several pitches at once. Very small organs called "portatives" (because they could be carried) were used in processions. "Positives" were a bit bigger and were used to accompany singing in the church. The "Regal" was like a portative but it had reeds and no pipes. It could be put on a table. The world's oldest organ is generally agreed to be the one built at Sion, Switzerland in the 15th century. the organ.

By about 1450, the organs that were being built in Germany and the Netherlands had two or three manuals and pedals. There were stops so that the player could choose which ranks he wanted to sound. The collection of pieces called the "Buxheimer Orgelbuch" (about 1470), is one of the first collections we have of organ music. French organs, too, were developing. In England, organs were quite small. Composers like John Bull, William Byrd and Orlando Gibbons wrote music for chamber organs. In the Netherlands Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck was a very famous organist and teacher.
The Baroque period was a great period for organ music in Germany. Organs there were built on the "Werkprinzip" (literally: "work principle") which meant that each keyboard with its pipes was built separately, like two or three different organs, although they were played from the same console. Organs like these were built by the famous Arp Schnitger (1648-1719). Many famous German composers wrote organ music, especially Johann Pachelbel (1653-1709) in South Germany and (Dietrich Buxtehude) (1637-1707) in North Germany. The great composer Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) learnt from these composers and wrote some of the most famous organ music of all times. The great organ builder Gottfried Silbermann (1683-1753) lived during this time and built organs with a very beautiful tone. Instead of a keyboard called a Choir (or Chair Organ) he built an "Oberwerk" which was above the "Hauptwerk" (Great).

French organ builders at this time were very interested in colour (meaning: different sounds). Many stops had names like Cornet, Tierce and Prestant. When all the stops of the Principal chorus played together it was called the "Plein jeux". This was like the medieval Blockwerk. All the reed chorus together was called "Grand jeux". This would have sounded very loud and was used for dialogues and fugues. Composers included Nicolas de Grigny (1672-1703), Louis Marchand (1669-1732), Louis Nicolas Clérambault (1676-1749), Louis Claude Daquin (1694-1772) and François Couperin (1683-1733).

In England there was not much interest in developing the organ. It was used for accompanying the choir. There were no pedals. Pieces for organ were called voluntaries. Henry Purcell wrote a few organ pieces.

Organ composition reached a great peak in the work of J.S.Bach, but then people started to lose interest. Not many developments took place in organ-building during the Classical music period. Although Mozart played the organ and called it the “King of Instruments” he did not often write music for it. Among the organ builders at this time were Joseph and Claude-Ignace Callinet who built the organ at Notre-Dame's (St. Etienne, Loire) in 1837.
The organ in 19th century Germany started to be used for imitating the sound of an orchestra. People also started to be interested in playing the music of J.S. Bach. Many Classical organs were re-built and sometimes they lost their original character. Organs in different countries started to sound the same.

Gradually, composers started writing for the organ again. Felix Mendelssohn (1809-1847) wrote some excellent sonatas and preludes and fugues which were inspired by Bach’s music and made other composers want to write organ music. Robert Schumann (1810-1856) and Franz Liszt (1811-1886) wrote for the organ and later in the century Max Reger (1873-1916) and Sigfrid Karg-Elert (1877-1933).

In France, the organ builder Aristide Cavaillé-Coll (1811-1899) was a real genius. His organs had lots of new ideas including the Barker lever (which made it easier to play on coupled manuals) and placing families of stops on to separate chests. Organists could change their registrations quickly, pushing in or pulling out the stops that they needed. Composers included César Franck (1822-1890), Charles-Marie Widor (1845-1937) and Louis Vierne (1870-1937). The last two wrote long works in several movements which they called Symphonies because they were full of colourful sounds like those in a symphony orchestra. There were usually three manuals called "Grand", "Positif" and "Récit" placed in that order (with Grand nearest to the player). The Grand had warm foundation stops and big reeds (it was like combining the classical plein jeux and grand jeux). The Positif had string stops as well as a solo reed, and the Récit had lighter reeds.

In England, Samuel Wesley (1766-1837) wrote some important organ music inspired by J.S. Bach, and his son Samuel Sebastian Wesley (1810-1876) was influenced by Continental Romantic composers such as Mendelssohn. In 1851, the organ builder Henry Willis built a large organ for Crystal Palace Exhibition. It had three manuals and a pedal board. This set the standard in English organ building for the future.

During the 20th century organ builders became more and more interested in returning to some of the ideas of the Baroque and Classical periods. Many organs now have electric action, but a good mechanical action has the advantage that the player feels more close to the instrument that he is playing. Some large 20th century organs are able to play many kinds of organ music. Other 20th century organs were built as copies of Baroque or Classical instruments, but this means these instruments are mainly suitable for Baroque or Classical music, and are not well suited for music of the 19th and 20th centuries.

In the 19th century, many organs in England and America were placed in corners of churches where they could not be heard very well. In the 20th century, organ builders thought more about the best position for the organ, so that the sound would fill the main part of the church, the nave.
Among the most famous 20th century organ composers are Marcel Dupré (1886-1971), Jehan Alain (1911-1940) and Olivier Messiaen (1908-1992) in France, Paul Hindemith (1895-1963) in Germany, and Edward Elgar (1857-1934) and Herbert Howells (1892-1983) in England. The Czech composer Petr Eben (1929-2007) was one of the most important organ composers at the end of the 20th century, writing in an individual style.

As well as the obvious use of the organ for accompanying church choirs and congregational singing the organ has often been used to accompany instruments. In the Baroque period small organs were used to accompany solo instruments or small groups of instruments or orchestras. This kind of accompaniment was called continuo. Occasionally composers have written organ concertos in which the organ is the solo instrument and the orchestra accompanies. Handel wrote several of these. In modern times Francis Poulenc wrote an organ concerto. There is an important organ solo in Symphony no 3 by Saint-Saëns. Other orchestral works sometimes have organ parts. Organists have often made organ “transcriptions”, i.e. arranged music written for other instruments so that it can be played on the organ.




Celtic

The words Celt and Celtic can have many meanings. 

Pronounced /kel-(tik)/:


The following should only be pronounced /selt(ik)/:


Manx language

Manx, or Manx Gaelic, (known in Manx as "Gaelg" or "Gailck"), is a language spoken in the Isle of Man.

It is a Celtic language of the Gaelic language family. It is in the same family as Scottish Gaelic and Irish Gaelic.

Manx is spoken mainly by people who learn it through interest. It died out as a natural community language in the 20th century. The last of the old native speakers died in 1974.

Manx is protected under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.

Manx began to separate from Middle Irish in about 900–1600 AD, and it is called Yn Ghaelg / Yn Ghailck by its speakers. There became fewer and fewer speakers during the 19th century, when the language was replaced by English. In 1901, 9% of the people in the Isle of Man were said to speak Manx, but in 1921, the number had dropped to only 1%.

Today, Manx is used as the only language taught at five of the Isle of Man’s preschools. Manx is taught as a second language at all of the Isle of Man's primary and secondary schools.

There is now a school that teaches all of its lessons in Manx. The census of 2001 said that 2.2% of the population of the island could speak the language. There are currently 54,000 second-language speakers, mainly on the Isle of Man.

Goidelic languages

The Goidelic languages or Gaelic languages are a group of Celtic languages. They are spoken in Scotland, Ireland and the Isle of Man.

There are three Goidelic languages:


Manx cat

The Manx is a breed of domestic cat. It either has no tail at all, a "rumpy", or it has a very short tail, a "stumpy". This is because of a natural difference in spine length. The back legs are also longer than the front legs. The breed comes from the Isle of Man, where it was found as early as three hundred years ago.

The Manx's character is nervous. The Manx's appearance is round on the whole. They are skilled hunters.

Horn

Horn can mean several things:



Agave

Agave is a type of succulent plant from Mexico and the southwestern parts of the United States. They have thick, sharp leaves. Agave plants flower only once, produce seeds and then die. Before flowering they usually live for 10 to 25 years. Because they live for a long time they are sometimes called "century plants".

Agave is used to make things like tequila, agave syrup and pulque. They were an important food for many indigenous people in the southwestern United States, such as the Navajo and the Hokoham.

Apple sauce

Apple sauce (or applesauce) is a sauce made from stewed and mashed apples. Peeled or unpeeled apples can be used and different spices or additives like cinnamon can be used. 

Sugar or high fructose corn syrup is often added to the applesauce to sweeten it. Applesauce can be fine or coarse textured, and can include large pieces of apple. It is easy to make at home, and it is also sold ready-made in supermarkets. 

It is a common food or snack for children and people who have problems eating solid food. Parents often feed it to their babies because teeth are not needed to eat it.

In the United Kingdom, apple sauce is normally used as a sauce for ham, pork, and gammon.

Apple sauce was once a food prepared for winter, since it keeps well.

Apple sauce can be used in baking as a substitute for fat (such as butter or oil) or eggs.

Charles Richter

Charles Francis Richter (April 26, 1900 – September 30, 1985) was an American seismologist (someone who studies earthquakes) and a physicist. He is known for creating the Richter scale of magnitude, which says how big an earthquake is.

Richter went to work at the Carnegie Institute in 1927 after Robert Millikan offered him a position as a research assistant there, where he began a collaboration with Beno Gutenberg. The Seismology Lab at the California Institute of Technology wanted to begin publishing regular reports on earthquakes in southern California and had a pressing need for a system of measuring the strength of earthquakes for these reports. Together, Richter and Gutenberg devised the scale that would become known at the Richter scale to fill this need, based on measuring quantitatively the displacement of the earth by seismic waves, as Kiyoo Wadati had suggested.


1104

1104 was a leap year.


Charles II of England

Charles II (29 May 1630 – 6 February 1685) was king of England, Ireland, and Scotland from 1649 to 1685. His father was Charles I, who was executed after losing a war with Parliament.

Prince Charles was the king's eldest son. As a little boy, he was made Prince of Wales as a sign that he would one day be king.

By the time he grew into a young man, his father was already at war with Parliament in the English Civil War.

Prince Charles did not take much part in the fighting. His mother, Henrietta Maria, was French, and she took her children to France when the war broke out, to keep them safe.

Prince Charles was only eighteen when he heard that his father was dead.

This made him King, and he started calling himself King Charles II immediately. However, Parliament was still in control of Britain and would not let him take his throne because after Charles I's execution, Oliver Cromwell became the Lord Protector of Britain from 1653 to 1658.

In 1651, Charles II returned to Britain and fought Parliament at the Battle of Worcester.

He was defeated, but is supposed to have escaped by hiding in an oak tree.

Later, he was forced to disguise himself as a servant. A young lady called Jane Lane helped him to escape, and he sailed to the Netherlands to re-join his supporters. He kept his own royal court there until 1660.

While Charles was in Holland, Britain was being ruled by Oliver Cromwell. He was chosen as leader of the country by Parliament. When Cromwell died in 1658, his son Richard was chosen to be the next leader.

Richard Cromwell was not the man his father had been. Charles II was asked to come back and rule Britain. In 1660, Charles II was brought back to Britain and took his throne. This was the English Restoration.

Many of his enemies were punished for having executed his father and fought against him, but Richard Cromwell was allowed to go and live quietly away from London.

Charles was popular and was called "The Merry Monarch" because he changed many laws that Cromwell had made and allowed people more freedom to enjoy themselves.

He liked to go to the theatre, play cards, and enjoy sports such as horse racing.

Some people thought that a king should be more serious and not spend so much time and money on fun.

There were also some people who did not like King Charles II because of his religious beliefs. He had been brought up by his mother, who was Roman Catholic, while most people in the country were Protestant.

He married a princess from Portugal, Catherine of Braganza. They did not have any children, but Charles refused to divorce Catherine. Before he was married, he had several girlfriends and lovers, and even after he was married, he went on having lovers, who were called mistresses.

The most famous was an actress called Nell Gwyn. Several of Charles's lovers had babies. However, none of these children were allowed to follow Charles as king because they were bastards, meaning that they had been born to parents who were not married to each other.

The most popular of Charles II's children was James Scott. Charles gave him the title Duke of Monmouth. James's mother had been Charles's girlfriend when he was living in Holland, and some people said that they had been secretly married. If this had been true, then James would have been allowed to be king when Charles died. There were many who wanted this to happen, because they did not like the thought of Charles's younger brother being the next king. This brother, who was also called James, was a Roman Catholic and was not popular.

Charles II died quite suddenly of an illness, and his son James, Duke of Monmouth, started a rebellion in the hope of becoming the next king. He was defeated by the royal army, which supported Charles's brother James. The Duke of Monmouth was executed by having his head chopped off, and Charles's brother became the next ruler, King James II.

By Marguerite or Margaret de Carteret
By Lucy Walter (c.1630–1658)
By Elizabeth Killigrew (1622–1680), daughter of Sir Robert Killigrew, married Francis Boyle, 1st Viscount Shannon in 1660
By Catherine Pegge
By Barbara Villiers Palmer (1641–1709), wife of Roger Palmer, 1st Earl of Castlemaine created Duchess of Cleveland in her own right
became 2nd Duke of Cleveland (1709)
later Duke of Marlborough, who was another of Cleveland's many lovers, and was never acknowledged by Charles as his own daughter. 

By Nell Gwyn (1650–1687)
By Louise Renée de Penancoet de Kérouaille (1649–1734), created Duchess of Portsmouth in her own right (1673)

Other probable mistresses:


Crunk

Crunk is a sub-genre of hip hop music that started in the clubs of Memphis, Tennessee in the mid-1990s. The word 'crunk' is the past tense version of the word 'crank' as in "crank the music up". It can also be used as an adjective. It is a mixture of Miami bass, Southern rap, and electronica with a lot of yelling and chanting. Lil Jon is the most popular crunk artist. His song 'Get Low' with the Ying Yang Twins is the song that made crunk music mainstream. After this song came out, crunk became a really popular style of music and it saw it's heyday in the mid-2000s. It was replaced with trap music in the 2010s.


Pimp

A pimp is a person who makes money from other people prostituting themselves. Usually, the prostitutes make money for themselves, but the pimp takes a percentage of the money in exchange for providing them with security and other services. Pimps has gotten connected to a special look, often a male with fancy and colorful clothes with gold accessories.

Pimps has been portrayed in many movies, such as Taxi Driver where the pimp is called "sport"

Allan Kardec

Allan Kardec (Hippolyte Léon Denizard Rivail 3 October 1804 31 March 1869) was a French philosopher and teacher. 
He dedicated the last 15 years of his life to organise a philosophical doctrine called Spiritism. He spread the educational ideas of Pestalozzi in the 19th century. He published books on grammar, mathematics and suggestions for the improvement of public education in France. He was a teacher of physiology, astronomy, physics and chemistry. The classes were at his home in Paris.

In 1854, Kardec started studying phenomena which some people call "paranormal" or "supernatural". This were quite common at that time.

In his philosophy the spiritual manifestations were useful to the social and moral improvement of men.


Hyves

Hyves is a website where people can have contact with friends online. It can be used to make new friends or to stay in touch with old friends. It was started in 2004 and has over 9 million users; most of them are Dutch. That is the reason why it is very popular in the Netherlands.
Pictures and videos can be put and shared on it. Hyves is similar to Facebook or the German VZ Networks.


Sex organ

The sex organs, which scientists call the genitalia or genitals, are the parts of the body that allow sexual reproduction (the making of young) to take place. They are also for urination (peeing), to remove waste products from the body. While all animals have sex organs, this article is about the sex organs of human beings.

The genitals are the main parts of the human body that make men and women different. Some parts of the genitals are outside the body, while other parts are inside. In a man, his external genitals are the penis and the scrotum (a bag that contains the testicles). Inside his body the testicles produce sperm and a substance called testosterone which makes a person grow into a man and feel like a man. Other glands produce a fluid called semen. The part of a woman's genitals that is outside her body is called the vulva. Inside her body is the vagina, which holds the penis during sexual intercourse; the uterus (womb), in which a baby grows when the woman is pregnant; the ovaries, which produce ova (egg cells) and a substance called estrogen which makes a person grow into a woman and to feel like a woman; and the Fallopian tubes, which connect the ovaries to the uterus.

Many human societies believe that genitals should be hidden. For this reason, people call them private parts. This attitude has resulted in public indecency laws which make it a crime for genitals to be left uncovered in public except in special places called nudist colonies.

If a man and a woman want to reproduce sexually, they have to engage in sexual intercourse. This involves placing the man's erect penis into the woman's vagina. The vagina rubs and puts pressure on the penis, which makes the man have an orgasm. During his orgasm, the man ejaculates, and his semen flows into the woman. If a sperm in the semen reaches the woman's Fallopian tubes and fuses with an ovum, this causes the woman to become pregnant. A man and woman can also have sexual intercourse for pleasure, without wishing to have a baby. Men and women, and gay couples (two women or two men) can also use their sex organs in other ways for pleasure.

The sex organs are the parts of the body that allow sexual reproduction (the making of young) to take place. They are also for urination (peeing), to remove waste products from the body. All animals have some kind of sex organs. This article is about the sex organs of human beings. In humans, the sex organs are in the lower abdomen, at the part of the body where the legs join the torso.

The scientific name for the sex organs is "genitalia" or "genitals". They are also commonly called the reproductive organs. The genitals include both organs that can be seen on the outside of the body (the primary genitalia or external genitalia), as well as internal organs (the secondary genitalia or internal genitalia). Sometimes, however, the words "genitalia" or "genitals" are used to refer only to the external sex organs. The sex organs are informally referred to as the private parts or privates.

Males and females have different sex organs. In fact, the genitals are the main parts of the human body that make men and women different.

A man's genitals are made up of many parts. The parts that can be seen on the outside of a man's body are his penis, which is shaped like a banana or a sausage; and his scrotum, which is a bag that hangs beneath the penis and contains the two testicles. A man's penis may be circumcised. A common slang, and slightly mean, word for the parts that can be seen outside the male body is "junk". For example, if a boy is naked, his sister might say, "Can't you wear a towel? Nobody wants to see your junk."

Inside a man's body, the testicles make tiny cells called sperm, which are needed for sexual reproduction. The testicles also make a hormone called testosterone. This is a chemical that makes a person grow into a man and feel like a man. The testicles are glands, which are special parts of the body that make chemicals. Other glands that make up the genitals are the prostate, seminal vesicles, and bulbourethral glands (also called the Cowper's glands). Together, these glands make a white, sticky fluid called semen that sperm float in. Finally, a man's body contains ducts (tubes) such as the two vasa deferentia or ducta deferentia, which carry sperm out of the testicles; and the urethra, which carries semen through the penis and out of the body. The urethra also carries urine away from the bladder.
In reproduction the job of the penis is to carry sperm from the testicles into a woman's body so that a sperm cell can join together with the woman's ovum (egg cell) to form a new cell that will grow into a baby. The process of fusion of a sperm and an ovum is called fertilization. 

A man's penis is usually soft, quite short, and hangs down. When a man becomes aroused (sexually excited), the inside of his penis fills with blood. This causes the penis to become bigger, thicker, and harder and to stand upright and is called having an erection. When a man has an erection, he is able to have sexual intercourse by putting his penis into a woman's vagina. During an erection, a valve stops urine from entering the urethra so that only semen flows along it. This is why it is very difficult for a man to urinate when he is having an erection.

Young boys can have erections, but their bodies do not start producing sperm until they have reached puberty. This usually happens when they are in their teens.

The part of a woman's genitals that is on the outside of her body is called the vulva. The main parts of the vulva are two sets of fleshy "lips" called the labia. The outer labia can be seen at the front of the woman's body. On adult women, they are generally covered with some hair. Between the outer labia are the inner labia which do not have hair and are very sensitive. At the front of the inner labia is the outside part of the clitoris which is covered by the clitoral hood. During sexual intercourse, the clitoris gives feelings of pleasure to the woman.

Most of a woman's genitals are tucked inside her body. Behind the labia is a tube called the vagina, which cannot be seen on the outside of the body. (People often incorrectly use the word "vagina" to refer to the vulva.) When a man and a woman have sexual intercourse, the man's penis is placed into the woman's vagina. When a woman menstruates (has her menstrual period), blood and other fluid from the uterus pass out from her body through the vagina. If a woman uses a tampon (a specially-made wad of material) to absorb this fluid, she puts it into her vagina. The vagina is also called the birth canal because when a pregnant woman has a baby, it passes through the vagina.

Like a man, a woman has a tube called the urethra connecting the bladder to the vulva through which urine is removed from the body. The opening of the urethra is between the clitoris and the opening to the vagina.

In many women, the opening of the vagina is partly or completely blocked by a thin tissue called the hymen. Some women are born without a hymen. The hymen usually breaks when a woman has sexual intercourse for the first time, which may cause or not some bleeding depending particularly on each woman. In some cultures, a broken hymen is taken as a sign that a girl has had sex. However, a broken hymen is not a clear sign of sexual intercourse because other activities such as exercise can also cause the hymen to break. In some women, the hymen may remain unbroken even after sex.

At the top of the vagina is the cervix which is a ring of muscle separating the vagina from the uterus or womb. The cervix allows menstrual fluid to flow from the uterus into the vagina, and during sexual intercourse it allows semen from a man's penis to flow from the vagina into the uterus. The uterus is a very muscular and stretchy organ in which babies grow during pregnancy. When a woman is not pregnant, each month the lining of the uterus grows thicker, and then breaks down, causing her to menstruate. Connected to the top of the uterus are two Fallopian tubes, on the left and right. These tubes join the uterus to the two ovaries. The ovaries produce ova, or egg cells, that are needed for reproduction. Each month, an ovum travels from one of the ovaries into a Fallopian tube. If, after the woman has had sexual intercourse with a man, the ovum fuses with a sperm cell and implants in the wall of the uterus, the woman will become pregnant. The ovaries also produce the female hormone oestrogen which causes a person to grow into a woman and to feel like a woman.

Young girls do not start producing ova and menstruating until they have reached puberty. Like boys, this usually happens in their teens. Once a woman starts menstruating, she is capable of becoming pregnant. Males begin producing sperm a good deal before women begin releasing eggs.

The sex organs or genitals are used for sexual reproduction and for sexual intercourse. For sexual reproduction to happen, a man and a woman need to have sexual intercourse with each other. A man's penis becomes erect when he is aroused, for example when he sees a naked woman or is touched by her. When a woman is aroused, her clitoris and vulva also swell, and the inside of her vagina produces mucus, a substance that makes it slippery. To reproduce, the man places his penis inside the woman's vagina and moves it in and out (a movement called thrusting), while the woman moves her hips back and forth or in a circular motion. The friction caused by this movement, together with the warmth and pressure of the vagina, causes the man to have pleasurable feelings in the penis. As intercourse continues, these feelings grow stronger and stronger until the man reaches a sexual climax called an orgasm. At this point, the man's penis spasms and then contracts strongly again and again to push semen through the urethra. The semen then ejaculates or shoots out from the end of the penis into the woman's vagina. The woman may also have an orgasm, which causes the vagina to tense up and relax repeatedly. Scientists are not sure why women have orgasms. Some believe that the orgasm helps the sperm in the man's semen to swim up the vagina into the cervix so that it is more likely that a sperm cell will fuse with an egg cell. Others think that the female orgasm causes the vagina to grip the penis more tightly, which makes sex more exciting for the man and causes him to ejaculate more quickly or to produce more semen; or that it encourages a woman to have sex more often as it feels good. Both of these events would make pregnancy more likely to happen. After the man has ejaculated, the blood flows out of his penis and it becomes smaller and soft again.

Sometimes, a man and a woman may have sexual intercourse because it gives them pleasure, without wishing for the woman to become pregnant. They may try to stop fertilization from happening by using methods of contraception or birth control. Common methods of birth control include the man wearing a condom on his penis, and the woman taking birth control pills that stop her ovaries from releasing egg cells.

Apart from the man putting his penis into the woman's vagina, the sex organs can be used in other ways in sexual intercourse. The man and woman can rub each other's sex organs with their hands. They can use sex toys such as dildos or vibrators. They can also engage in oral sex. When a person uses his or her mouth, lips, and tongue to touch a woman's clitoris and vulva, this is called cunnilingus. When a person uses his or her mouth, lips, and/or tongue to touch a man's penis, this is called fellatio. A man or a woman (using a strap-on dildo or harness) can also put the sexual organ into a person's anus, this is called anal sex.

People who are gay or homosexual also use their genitals to have sexual intercourse with each other. Two women can rub each other's sex organs, put sex toys into them, or perform oral sex on each other. Two men can also rub each other's sex organs, or perform oral or anal sex on each other.

When a man strokes his own penis or a woman rubs her clitoris and vulva in order to feel good or to reach orgasm, this is called masturbation.

The sex organs are also used for urination, which is one of the ways in which the body removes waste products. Both men and women have a bladder, which is an organ that stores urine. In a man, a thin tube called the urethra passes from his bladder right through his penis. In a woman, the urethra opens into the vulva. When a person urinates, urine flows from the bladder through the urethra and out of the body.


Laurence Olivier

Laurence Kerr Olivier, Baron Olivier, (22 May 1907 – 11 July 1989) was an English actor and director. He was one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century. He was the youngest actor to be knighted and the first to be raised to the peerage. Olivier married English actresses Jill Esmond, Vivien Leigh and Joan Plowright.

Actor Spencer Tracy said that Olivier was 'the greatest actor in the English-speaking world'. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Olivier among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, at number 14 on the list.

Olivier had many awards: twelve Oscar nominations, with two wins (for Best Actor and Best Picture for the 1948 film "Hamlet"), plus two honorary awards including a statuette and certificate. He was awarded five Emmy Awards. He was a three-time Golden Globe and BAFTA winner. In 1976 he received the BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award, a lifetime achievement award.

Olivier's ashes are buried in Westminster Abbey.

Spiritism

Spiritism is a doctrine promoted by the French professor Allan Kardec. His first two books were:

Other characteristics ideas of his were:

Although Kardec claimed it was distinct, spiritism is similar to spiritualism. Kardec's books were based on reporting séances in which he claimed to observe phenomena which he attributed to incorporeal intelligence (spirits). Arthur Conan Doyle included a chapter about Spiritism in his book "History of Spiritualism". This said that Spiritism is Spiritualist (but not vice-versa). As a consequence, many Spiritualist works are widely accepted in Spiritism, particularly the works of scientists Sir William Crookes and Oliver Lodge.


Alexa

Alexa was an Internet service that measures how many Internet users visit a website. At Alexa.com, people entered a website address and Alexa showed them how well-visited the website is. It can also tell them how its popularity has changed over time.
Alexa had 6 million unique visits monthly.

Alexa was created in 1996 by American businessman Brewster Kahle and Bruce Gilliat.
In 1999, Alexa was bought by Amazon.com for about US$250 million in Amazon stock.
Alexa provided a free API that is used by services and toolbars all around the world to easily display Alexa Rating.

Some virus companies mark Alexa toolbar as adware (McAfee), trackware (Symantec) and potentially unwanted Program.

At December 2021 Amazon announced that they will turn Alexa off. Service was discontinued May 1 of 2022.


Poodle

A poodle is a breed of dog. Poodles are one of the smartest dogs. Miniature and toy poodles are two sizes. The original poodle is the Standard poodle. Miniature and toy poodles are not related to Standard poodles. They do not share DNA. If the owner does praise it, it will start liking the owner even more, and doing things for the owner. Many people that own them show them at dog shows. Poodles were once used as hunting and sporting dogs, but now they are mostly pets. Poodles do not shed their fur as some dogs do, so they are good pets for people who are allergic to dogs. Their coats are most often white or black; but can be apricot, dark gray, called "blue"; and other colors. There are also some rare colors, such as chocolate brown, and brindle. In Japan, apricot color is the most liked.

Poodles are bred in many different sizes. The four main sizes from largest to smallest are Standard, Miniature, Medium and Toy. There are also other sizes, like the very small Teacup, that are not official. This means that these other sizes cannot be part of professional dog shows.


Poodles have been used as working dogs in the military for several centuries. During World War II, it was thought that this breed of dog could become helpers during the war. So, poodles went through training by the United States Army for special tasks. In 1942, the poodle was one of 32 breeds officially ranked as war dogs by the Army.

It is the poodles main style to left hair of the chest and ankles in order to protect heart and joints from cold waters and cut others in order to reduce the resistance of the water. Now, poodles hair styles have more variations. In Japan, the "teddy bear cut" is most popular. This style lets the whole body have roundness like a teddy bear.

Irish language

Irish, "Irish Gaelic" or "Gaelic" is a language spoken in Ireland and (less commonly) in Northern Ireland. Irish is a Gaelic and so it is similar to Scottish Gaelic and Manx Gaelic and less so to Breton, Cornish, and Welsh.

Many people who speak Irish can understand some Scots Gaelic but not Welsh because the Celtic languages are divided into two groups. One group is called the p-Celtic languages, and the other is called the q-Celtic languages. Irish and Scots Gaelic are q-Celtic languages, and Welsh is a p-Celtic language.

Irish has no "yes" or "no" words.

There were great poets who wrote in Irish. Their poems became the songs of the people. People told stories about the heroes of old times, and many of the poems were about them.

Queen Elizabeth I of England tried to learn Irish, and Christopher Nugent, 9th Baron of Delvin, gave her an Irish primer. She also asked her bishops to translate the Bible into Irish in an unsuccessful attempt to split the Catholic people from their clergy.

Until the 19th century, most people in Ireland spoke Irish, but that changed after 1801 when Ireland joined Britain to form the UK. Ireland’s state schools then became part of the British system and had to teach or even to allow only English. The Catholic Church also began to discourage Irish. Also, the Irish Nationalist leader Daniel O'Connell was an Irish-speaker himself, but he thought that people should speak English since most job opportunities were in the English-speaking US and the wider British Empire.

Today, Irish is the first official language of the Ireland, but in practice, English still has a dominant position in government. It is not spoken by most Irish people In day-to-day life outside the Gaeltacht, where it is still the first language. Howewer, many speak the language among friends or family, and it must be taught in all schools in Ireland.

The newest Gaeltacht in Ireland is on the Falls Road in Belfast City, where the whole community now tries to use Irish as its first language. The area is called the Gaeltacht Quarter.

There are around 2 million speakers. The places where Irish is spoken a lot are called Gaeltacht areas or in Irish, "Gaeltachtaí". Around 70% of the people in these areas speak Irish.

Irish

Irish could mean:


Max &amp; Ruby

Max and Ruby is a Canadian preschool children’s animated television series created by Rosemary Wells. The series originally aired on Nick Jr. on Nickelodeon in the United States, It is aimed at preschool children. The series was created by children's book author / illustrator Rosemary Wells. It is based on the fictional world of her "Max and Ruby" books. The series shows stories about four year old Max, an anthropomorphised child bunny, and his big sister, seven year old Ruby, a patient young lady. The show has a good message for its audience by showing Max and Ruby playing together and using respect and love in solving their problems.


Max gets into trouble in almost every episode, but Ruby gives him a helping hand.

The show premiered on Treehouse TV on May 3, 2002 in Canada. The show also airs on Nickelodeon worldwide on 2003. The show also featured a British dub to Nick Jr. DSN premiered this show on December 4, 2009 without any copyright to Dante Channels Worldwide. After in 2016, Atomic Cartoons took the season 6 and 7, Nelvana still holds the show, Season 7 premiered also on 2018 with the New Nelvana logo.


1716

1716 was a leap year.


400

Year 400 (CD) was a leap year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Stilicho and Aurelianus (or, less frequently, year 1153 "Ab urbe condita"). The denomination 400 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.


Apollo program

The Apollo program (or Project Apollo) was a project by the United States' National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The program was named after the Greek god Apollo. The goal was to send a human to explore the Moon and bring him home to earth safely. It was started by US President John F. Kennedy in 1961. He said:
One reason the program started was that the Soviet Union was the first country to send a person into outer space. Since this was during the Cold War, many in the US thought that the US needed to stay ahead of the USSR in space exploration.

The Apollo spacecraft was made up of a Command and Service Module, and a Lunar Module. The Command Module was a space capsule. The Lunar Module was a lander. These spacecraft docked on the way to the Moon. Mercury and Gemini spaceships were very small and cramped, but the Apollo capsule was much bigger. Astronauts could move around and not have to stay in their seats. The Lunar Lander was also big on the inside. The only part of the Apollo spacecraft to come back to Earth was the capsule, the Lunar Module would crash on the moon.

The Apollo program ended in 1975. After that, NASA began to work on the Space Shuttle program, the International Space Station, and many unmanned space exploration projects.

There was a movie made about the problems that happened on the Apollo 13 mission.

In September 1967, Owen Maynard of the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston, Texas proposed a series of Apollo missions that would lead to landing a person on the Moon. There were seven types of mission, each testing a specific set of parts and tasks. Each step would need to be completed successfully before the next mission type could begin. These were:


The first manned Lunar Module, LM-3, was not ready for the December 1968 launch date of Apollo 8. The mission flew as a lunar orbital mission, using just the CSM. The E mission was canceled.

The first landing would be followed by more advanced lunar missions:

The Apollo flights were carried into space by the Saturn I and V rockets.


NASA

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) is an independent agency of the United States Federal Government that deals with space exploration and aeronautics, the operating and designing of planes. NASA has had many successful missions, for example the ISS, and Apollo 11, which put the first man on the Moon in 1969. NASA was founded on July 29, 1958. NASA's motto is: "For the Benefit of All". Since April of 2021, Bill Nelson, former Senator from Florida, has served as NASA Administrator.

NASA was preceded by the "National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics" (NACA). NACA was a US federal agency founded on March 3, 1915 to undertake, promote, and institutionalize aeronautical research. On October 1, 1958 the agency was dissolved, and its assets and personnel transferred to the newly created National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). NASA was founded to compete with the Soviet Union in the space race. In the 1950s and 1960s there was a space race between the US and the Soviet Union - now called Russia. The Soviets started first launching Sputnik 1, the first object made by people to go into orbit, in October 1957. The Americans were worried by this. It caused a crisis known as the Sputnik Crisis as the Americans feared the Russians might start building weapons in space. This all happened at a time called the Cold War when the US and the Soviet Union were always very close to war.

Originally NASA was very small with only four laboratories and around eighty people working there. German engineers and scientists led by Wernher von Braun helped them build rockets. They had helped build the V-2 missile in Germany during World War II and the Redstone missile for the US Army afterwards. Their Army missile laboratory was transferred to NASA.

In 1960 they set up the Mercury project. The Mercury Project space missions were designed by NASA, mostly to test if humans could survive in space. After they proved it was possible for people to live in space they moved on.

On May 15th 1961 astronaut Alan Shepard became the first American in space. Less than a year later, John Glenn became the first American to orbit or circle the Earth. He did so in a spacecraft called Friendship 7. Once the Mercury Project proved that humans could live in space, the Gemini Project was started. Less than a year after it began, the Apollo Program also began.

After the success of Mercury, NASA realized it had to start planning for its missions to the Moon. The Gemini spacecraft was built for two men. It was still small and cramped similar to the Mercury capsule, but allowed for more freedom of movement. Project Gemini proved that two spacecraft could rendezvous (meet and dock) in space. Neil Armstrong, the first man on the Moon, was also on the first Gemini flight to dock with another spacecraft in outer space. The Gemini spacecraft did not dock with another spacecraft with people in it. Instead, it docked with a rocket called "Agena target vehicle". The last few Gemini missions were science experiments and spacewalks designed to prepare for the Apollo Program, which would land human beings on the Moon.

The Apollo program was started by President John F Kennedy in the 1960s. The program was made of 16 missions designed to send a man to the Moon and return him safely back to Earth. The first Apollo mission, Apollo 1, ended in disaster when a fire in the command module killed all the astronauts on board. The Apollo 8 and 10 missions went to the moon. They tested equipment and took photos but did not land.

The project's main success came in 1969 when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon as part of Apollo 11. The mission was a big success for NASA and over six million people watched it worldwide. After Apollo 11, six more Apollo flights went to the moon. Five of them landed. The one that did not land, Apollo 13, had to abort its mission when an oxygen tank exploded in the spaceship. Apollo 17 was the last mission to land on the Moon.

After Congress stopped the Moon landings, NASA needed a new direction. Using a leftover Saturn V rocket, the giant rocket that sent men to the Moon, they created a space station that orbited above the Earth. This space station was called Skylab. Skylab was very big on the inside, even bigger than a small house. Skylab was visited by Apollo spacecrafts. There were three missions to Skylab. Each of them carried important experiments. The last crewed mission, Skylab 4, spent 84 days, 1 hour, 15 minutes, 30 seconds, longer than any space mission had spent until 1977. Skylab broke up in the atmosphere in 1979.

During the Space Race, the Soviets had designed their own spacecraft to fly to the Moon. Their spacecraft was called Soyuz. The Soviets never landed on the Moon, they had too many problems. Instead, they started creating small space stations. The Soyuz spacecraft is what they used to go to these space stations. US and Soviet Union were part of the Cold War. In order to make peace between Soviet Union and US, they decided they would dock an Apollo spacecraft to a Soyuz spacecraft in space. After docking, the crews performed experiments and learned about each other's cultures. Apollo–Soyuz was the last flight of the Apollo spacecraft. It has never been used since, and as of 2020, there are no plans for it to be used again.

In the 1980s and 1990s NASA began to concentrate on building Space Shuttles. Four Shuttles were built in 1985. The first to launch was the Space Shuttle Columbia on April 12, 1981. At this time the public began to lose interest in the space program and NASA faced budget cuts. They had planned for the Space Shuttles to cost less as they could be used more than once. But eventually it turned out the Space Shuttles were more expensive as building them in the first place cost more money than normal. There were further problems for NASA after the Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrated in flight in 1986, killing all seven of its astronauts. The incident is known as the Challenger Disaster.

The Challenger Disaster forced NASA to think about the way they worked. The entire Space Shuttle fleet was suspended for a year. After that, NASA launched the Hubble Space Telescope into orbit. Its most famous photo was the Hubble Deep Field.

In 2011, NASA shut down the Space Shuttle program. They were more expensive to use than other launch vehicles.

In the early 1980s, NASA planned Space Station Freedom as a counterpart to the Soviet Salyut and Mir space stations. It never left the drawing board and, with the end of the Soviet Union and the Cold War, it was cancelled. The end of the Space Race prompted the U.S. administration officials to start negotiations with international partners Europe, Russia, Japan and Canada in the early 1990s in order to build the International Space Station. This project was first announced in 1993 and was called Space Station Alpha. It was planned to combine the proposed space stations of all participating space agencies: NASA's Space Station Freedom, Russia's Mir-2 (the successor to the Mir Space Station, the core of which is now Zvezda) and ESA's Columbus that was planned to be a stand-alone spacelab.

"Curiosity" is a car-sized rover. It was made to explore the crater Gale on Mars. "Curiosity" was launched from Cape Canaveral on November 26, 2011, at 15:02 UTC and landed on Aeolis Palus inside Gale on Mars on August 6, 2012, 05:17 UTC. The Bradbury Landing site was less than from where the rover landed after a journey. The goals of the rover include an investigation of the Martian climate and geology.

Artemis 1 was a flight that landed in December 2022.

Peregrine Mission One was launched in January 2024.


In early 2010, President Barack Obama cancelled the Constellation project that was aiming to have humans return to the moon's surface by 2020. He said the project was "behind schedule and lacking in innovation". At the same time he cut back the amount of money NASA will be getting from the government in 2011.

When President Barack Obama did this, he also worked with NASA to create the Space Launch System. This, with commercial launch vehicles (launch vehicles that are not owned by NASA), will take humans to the Moon, Mars and Ceres.
In 2069, NASA plans to send a space probe to Alpha Centauri, the closest star system to the Sun. The proposed launch would be on the 100th anniversary of the first Moon landing, Apollo 11.

NASA is continuing operations include missions to the planets Mars, Saturn and Pluto. Missions to Jupiter are also planned for the future.

NASA has launched over 500 missions. Over 150 missions had humans on board. Such "manned" missions are the most expensive and make the most news but the majority of launches are for space exploration, science, and other purposes that do not need people. NASA spacecraft such as Cassini-Huygens and the Voyager program have visited every planet in the Solar System. Four NASA spacecraft have left the Solar System, Voyager 1, Voyager 2, Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11, while the fifth, a New Horizons spacecraft is estimated to exit the solar system by 2048. As of 2022 Voyager 1 is 23,447,000,000 (23.4 billion) kilometers away from Earth and Voyager 2 was at a distance 19,474,000,000 (19.4 billion) kilometres away from Earth.

The New Horizons spacecraft flew past Jupiter in February 2007, studying some of the planet's moons. On July 14, 2015 the craft flew by Pluto, took high resolution pictures of the planet's surface and analysed the chemical properties of its atmosphere.

Like other scientific organizations, NASA conducts most of its measurements in the international system (metric system). This is partially due to federal law requiring that most US government programs be done in the international system. In the 1980s, NASA transitioned to the metric system, but was still using US customary \ imperial units into the 1990s. In September 1999, a mixup (or mistake) between imperial and metric units resulted in the loss of the Mars Climate Orbiter.



Advaita Vedanta

Advaita Vedanta is a school in Hinduism. People who thoroughly explore Advaita know that their soul is not different from Brahman. The most famous Hindu philosopher who taught about Advaita Vedanta was Adi Shankara who lived in India more than a thousand years ago.

Adi Shankara learned the sacred texts of Hinduism, like Vedas and Upanishads under his teacher Govinda Bhagavadpada and later wrote extensive commentaries of Hindu sacred texts called Upanishads. In these commentaries, he proposed the theory of Advaita, saying that the Upanishad actually teach that the individual soul (called Atman) is not different from Ultimate Reality (called Brahman). He also taught that there is only one essential principle called Brahman and everything else is a kind of expression of that one Brahman. Because of this theory of one being, his teachings became popular as the "Advaita" ("a" = not, "dvaita" = two, means no-two or non-dual). The way he said this to people was ""Atman is Brahman.""

Adi Shankara was smart and knew that people would wonder how he could say such an odd thing. He realized that many people would ask him, "If a person's soul is really one with Ultimate all along, then what makes a person feel so separate from Ultimate?" His answer to this was that we are ignorant of our real self being Ultimate because we see through a kind of filter—like looking through a dirty piece of glass—and he called this filter we look through, "maya", which means "illusion" in Sanskrit. 

Shankara said that our ignorance makes us feel very separate from Ultimate, and even from everything around us. Shankara suggested that the best way people can find the truth is for them to try to clear their thinking of all ignorant thoughts, be very good, and think very hard about who they really are. He said that if a person did all these things he would realize that Brahman was himself all along.

This is a very similar idea to other religions at their esoteric core. For instance within Islam there is an idea of annihilation within the divine, and (Unity of Existence)


Parthenon

The Parthenon is a temple in the middle of the Acropolis in Athens, Greece (Europe). It was a temple to honor the goddess Athena for nearly 900 years from the 5th century BC to the 5th century AD, and originally had a huge idol to her. It was a Christian church from the 5th century to the 15th when it became a mosque. The name "Parthenon" means "the virgin's place" in Greek. It was built between 447 BC and 432 BC during the reign of Pericles. It is considered one of ancient Greece's greatest architecture accomplishments. 

The building was constructed using limestone foundations and 22,000 tons of marble. The building was designed by the architects Ictinus and Callicrates. It has 46 Doric columns which support the roof, with 8 across the front and back, and 17 on each side. 

In 1687 a gunpowder explosion damaged the building. Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin took some of the sculptures, now called the Elgin Marbles, from the Parthenon in 1759. They have been on display in the British Museum since 1816.

Neutral

The word neutrality can have different meanings too:


Physical anthropology

Physical anthropology deals mainly with looking at how the anatomy of the human body has changed over the course of time. It compares the human body to that of other primates. Studies of physical anthropology often include looking at the evolution of mankind.

Some areas of physical anthropology are paleoanthropology and primatology. When physical anthropology is joined to other branches of biology it becomes biological anthropology. Biological anthropology puts together information from the fossil record, the human skeleton, genetics, our primate relatives, human adaptations and behaviour.

Jackal

Jackals are canid species found in Africa, Asia and Europe. They are carnivorous of small and medium-sized prey. To hunt, they can run at speeds of 16 km/h (10 mph). This is not fast, but they have great endurance, so can run for a long time. 

They often chase prey as a pair or a group, usually not as individuals. Jackals are "opportunistic omnivores", which will take on larger animals if they need to. They are predators of small to medium-sized animals and scavengers.

Jackals are monogamous (each male lives with only one female). A pair defends its territory from other pairs: they mark the territory with urine and feces. The territory may be large enough to hold some young adults who live with their parents until they have their own territory. Sometimes, jackals join small packs, for example to hunt a big animal, but normally they hunt alone or as a pair.

Jackals are not a clade. They have several times developed from canid ancestors. However, they are closely related. It could be put this way: jackals are dogs which have a certain similar appearance and behaviour. They all have 78 chromosomes.
There are three species of jackals:

A canid from Ethiopia and Eritrea, the Ethiopian wolf ("Canis simensis"), is sometimes called Simien jackal, but it is really a wolf. The Ethiopian wolf is one of the rarest and most endangered of all canids.

Milwaukee

Milwaukee is the largest city in the state of Wisconsin. Milwaukee is also the 31st largest city in the United States. The city is the county seat of Milwaukee County. It is on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan, and is about 90 miles (145 kilometers) north of Chicago. As of 2009, about 604,133 people lived in Milwaukee. Part of Milwaukee is in Washington County. Cavalier Johnson has been the mayor since 2021.

The city got its name from the Indian word "millioke", which is thought to mean "the good land" or "gathering place by the water".

The city is home to the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball and the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association.

Diogenes syndrome

Diogenes syndrome is a behavioral disorder. It is not a disease, it is a psychological condition. People who have it do not look after themselves enough any more, this is called self-neglect. They do not wash, perhaps do not shave, etc. So they develop a strong odor (scent). Since they neglect their hygiene, other diseases related to poor hygiene usually accompany the disorder.

Very often this disorder affects old people who live alone.

Diogenes Syndrome is named after the behavior (but not necessarily the ideals) of Diogenes of Sinope. It is thought to be the end stage of personality disorder.


Marx and Engels Internet Archive

The Marxists Internet Archive (also known as MIA or Marxists.org) is a volunteer-based non-profit organization that has an Internet archive of Marxist writers and other similar authors, socialists, and others on their website.

The texts are available in many different languages.

NATO

The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (sometimes known as the North Atlantic Alliance, the Atlantic Alliance or the Western Alliance), also simply called NATO is a military alliance mostly in Europe and North America. It was established by the North Atlantic Treaty in 1949 and it was signed in Washington, DC, United States, on April 4, 1949. Its headquarters are in Brussels, Belgium. Its other official name means the same in French: "Organisation du traité de l'Atlantique nord" ("OTAN").

NATO has two official languages, English and French, as defined in Article 14 of the North Atlantic Treaty.

Its members in 1949 were the United States, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, the United Kingdom, Canada, Portugal, Italy, Norway, Denmark and Iceland. On 18 February 1952, Greece and Turkey also joined.
When West Germany joined the organization on 9 May 1955 it was described as "a decisive turning point in the history of our continent" by Halvard Lange, Foreign Minister of Norway at the time., the result was the Warsaw Pact, signed on 14 May 1955 by the Soviet Union and its satellite states as response to NATO.

After the Cold War in 1999 three former communist countries, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Poland joined NATO. On 29 March 2004 seven more Northern European and Eastern European countries joined NATO: Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and also Slovenia, Slovakia, Bulgaria, and Romania.

Croatia and Albania received NATO membership invitation on 3 April 2008. The Republic of Macedonia received the only conditional invitation because it was vetoed by Greece because of its name dispute with Greece.

Montenegro joined on 5 June 2017. Having changed its name to end the dispute,
North Macedonia joined NATO on 27 March 2020 and became its 30th member.
Ireland officially joined NATO on 8 September 2020 as an observer.

In April 2023, Finland joined NATO, following efforts to join since the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Sweden joined in March 2024.

Apart from this, Iceland also threatened to leave during the Cod Wars, which would put the UK at fault, and NATO would lose a key position in the North Atlantic. They did not leave as they won the Cod Wars.



Felidae

Felidae is a family of mammals, in the order Carnivora. Animals that belong to Felidae are called "felids".

The family is of quite recent origin: the first fossils are from the Oligocene, 25 million years ago (mya). There are 41 living species, including the domestic cat, and they are monophyletic: all descended from the same ancestor.

Felids tend to have lithe and flexible bodies with muscular limbs. In most species, the tail is a third or a half the length of the body, with some exceptions (the bobcat and margay). The limbs are digitigrade, meaning they walk on their toes. The paws have three soft toe pads and retractible claws (usually). The tongue of felids is covered with horny papillae, which rasp meat from prey and aid in grooming.

The Felidae has three subfamilies:

More examples of felines are the big cats – the lion, tiger, leopard, jaguar, snow leopard, clouded leopard, puma, and cheetah - and other wild cats, for example the lynx, caracal, and bobcat. All felines, also the small pet cat, are predators that can hunt many animals.

The felids evolved in Asia and spread across continents by crossing land bridges. DNA sequence analysis shows that ancient cats evolved into eight main lines. There were at least 10 migrations (in both directions) from continent to continent via the Bering land bridge and Isthmus of Panama. The "Panthera" genus is the oldest and the "Felis" genus is the youngest. 60 percent of the modern species of cats developed within the last million years.

The felids' closest relatives are the linsangs, and at one remove the group of civets, hyenas, mongooses, and Madagascar carnivores, with whom they share the Suborder Feliformia. All felid species share a genetic anomaly that prevents them from tasting sweetness.

Genetic research has provided a basis for a more concise classification for the living members of the cat family based on genotypical groupings. Specifically, eight genetic lineages have been identified:

The last four lineages (5, 6, 7, 8) are more related to each other than to any of the first four (1, 2, 3, 4), and so form a clade within the Felinae subfamily of family Felidae.



Andrei Sakharov

Andrei Dmitrievich Sakharov (Russian: Андре́й Дми́триевич Са́харов, May 21 1921 – December 14 1989), was a Soviet nuclear physicist. He was also a well-known dissident and human rights activist. Sakharov was an advocate of nuclear disarmament and civil liberties and reforms in the Soviet Union.

Sakharov was a very clever scientist. He graduated from college during World War II but was kept out of the Red Army to do scientific research for the government. Sakharov helped the Soviets develop the hydrogen bomb in the 1950s. But he also made many peaceful uses of nuclear power.

The bomb he had helped make started Sakharov to be a dissident. He argued with Nikita Khrushchev against unneeded nuclear tests. He was afraid that these tests put people's lives and healths in danger without need. He began asking, too, for more freedom of speech. The government removed him from his secret work and his special job as a scientist. Sakharov began to see what unhappy lives most Soviet citizens led.

Persecution only made him speak out more. He asked for more freedom of religion and defended others who had spoken out and been put into jail. The secret police began to watch him and to make files of information against him. After Sakharov criticized activities of the USSR's Arab allies, Arab terrorists came to his apartment and held him, his wife, and his stepson hostage for an hour. "Do you want to kill us?" cried Sakharov's wife. "We can do worse things than kill you," they replied. After the terrorists left without doing anything, Sakharov tried to tell the police about it. The police did not really care.

The only thing that protected Sakharov was many people knew about him outside the Soviet Union. The Communists were afraid that if something happened to him, it would give the world a bad image of the USSR. But when Sakharov criticized the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, they became very angry and took him to the city of Gorky. There he was watched by the police outside his apartment. He tried to go on a hunger strike, not eating anything. The Soviet Union was afraid he might die, so they force-fed him (forcing him to eat).

Sakharov kept on asking for "glasnost" (openness). In 1986, Mikhail Gorbachev, who agreed with Sakharov and thought there should be "glasnost", let the dissident scientist return home. Sakharov continued to call for reform, and in December 1989, he died of heart failure, at the age of 68. . But two years later his wish became true with the dissolution of the Soviet Union. .

1686

Year 1686 was a common year that started on a Tuesday when using the Gregorian calendar.





1149

1149 was a common year.

1st century

The 1st century was the century that lasted from year 1 to 100.

During this period Europe, North Africa and the Near East fell under increasing domination by the Roman Empire. It continued expanding under the emperor Claudius (43). The reforms introduced by Augustus during his long reign stabilized the empire. Later in the century the Julio-Claudian Dynasty, which had been founded by Augustus came to an end with the death of Nero in 68. There followed the famous Year of Four Emperors, a brief period of civil war and instability, which was finally brought to an end by Vespasian, 9th Roman emperor, and founder of the Flavian Dynasty.

China continued to be dominated by the Han Dynasty, despite a 14-year interruption by the Xin dynasty under Wang Mang. Han rule was restored in 23. Wang Mang's rule represents the watershed between the Western/Former Han and the Eastern/Later Han. The capital was also moved from Chang'an to Luoyang.





According to the New Testament, during the reign of Tiberius, Jesus, a Jewish religious leader from Galilee, was crucified in Jerusalem on the charge of blasphemy for claiming to be the Son of God. But "God raised him from the dead" three days later, see Resurrection of Jesus. Over the next few decades his followers, following the Great Commission, including the apostle Paul, carried his message throughout the Greek-speaking regions of Asia Minor, eventually introducing it to Rome itself. Roman rulers began to persecute the new sect almost immediately (the emperor Nero accused the Christians of starting the fires that destroyed much of Rome in 64 AD), and would continue to do so for centuries, sometimes vigorously, and other times passively. Christian tradition records that all of Christ's apostles except John the Evangelist suffered martyrdom.

In the 4th century, Christianity was eventually taken up by the emperor Constantine. One of his successors Julian the Apostate renounced it for paganism and again persecuted the Church. However, by the end of the 4th century, Emperor Theodosius I proclaimed Christianity as the state religion of the Roman Empire.

Note: years before or after the 1st century are in "italics".


Equidae

Equidae is a family of odd-toed ungulate that are only one surviving genus: "Equus". Horses, donkeys and zebras belong in this genus. Animals of the "Equus" genus can have hybrid offspring, but they are usually sterile. They can have many different colours.

Lynx

The Lynx is a small cat. It is a genus with four species. The four species are in Eurasia, Spain, Canada and America, and do not overlap much.

"Lynx" have short tails, and usually some hair on the ears. They have large paws (feet) padded for walking on snow, and long whiskers on the face. The color of the body is from light brown to grey and is sometimes marked with dark brown spots, especially on the legs. They weigh about 5 kg or about 11 pounds (approximately the size of a large domestic cat) and can weigh up to about 30 kg (66 pounds). They are between 70 and 150 cm long, with a relative short tail - 5-25 cm. They live for about 20 years.

"Lynx" are similar to a regular house cat, but larger. They have a powerful body on short, furry legs attached to hefty feet, and a bobbed, black-tipped tail. The fur is spotted and yellowish-brown to grey. It has a collar of fur around the face, giving a triangular shape. They also have long black ear tufts.

"Lynx" live in the high altitude forests with many shrubs, reeds and grass. They hunt only on the ground, but can climb trees and swim.

They can be found in the some places in northern Scandinavia, in North America and also in the Himalayas. Since the 1990s people try to move part of the population of the Eurasian lynx to Germany. They can also be found in Białowieża Forest (northeastern Poland), and southern Spain.

The Colorado Division of Wildlife tried to move other wild "Lynx" populations from Canada back to the United States.

"Lynx" are usually solitary, although a small group may travel and hunt together occasionally. Mating takes place in the late winter and once a year the female gives birth to between two and four kittens. The young stay with the mother for one more winter, a total of around nine months, before moving out to live on their own as young adults.

"Lynx" make their dens in crevices or under ledges. They feed on a wide range of animals from white-tailed deer, reindeer, roe deer, small red deer, and chamois, to smaller, more usual prey: snowshoe hares, fish, foxes, sheep, squirrels, mice, turkeys and other birds, and goats. They also eat ptarmigans, voles, and grouse.


The Iberian lynx is the most endangered feline in the world. There are only two populations (together, 300 animals), in the southern Spain.
Hunting lynxes is illegal in many countries.


Shania Twain

Shania Twain (born Eilleen Regina Edwards; August 28, 1965, in Timmins, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and record producer. She was married a long time to music producer Mutt Lange. She is very successful in the country and pop music genres. She had a residency show at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada, in late 2012.

Her 1995 album "The Woman in Me" brought her fame. Her 1997 album "Come On Over" became the bestselling album of all time by a female musician in any genre and the bestselling country album of all time. It has sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.

In 2017, she released the album "Now", her first in 15 years. She wrote and co-produced all of the songs. It entered at the top of the charts in Australia, Canada, the UK, and the US, where it opened with 137,000 combined copies and streams.

Twain married music producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange on December 28, 1993. They have a son, Eja (pronounced "Asia") D'Angelo, who was born on August 12, 2001. On May 15, 2008, a spokesperson for Mercury Nashville said that Twain and Lange were separating. This was after Lange allegedly had an affair with Twain's best friend, Marie-Anne Thiébaud. Their divorce was finalized on June 9, 2010. On December 20, 2010, Twain's manager said that Twain was engaged to Swiss Frédéric Thiébaud (the ex-husband of her former best friend), an executive at Nestlé. They married on January 1, 2011, in Rincón, Puerto Rico.

Twain is a longtime vegetarian. In 2001 she was voted PETA's very first Sexiest Vegetarian Alive.

In September 2010, it was confirmed that Twain was to release her first biography, "From This Moment On", on May 3, 2011. The cover work for the book was released on March 2, 2011.

In addition to the awards for her singles and albums, Twain has a number of personal honours:

Twain has released thirty-five singles from six studio albums, one greatest hits album, and one soundtrack album.



The Grass Roots

The Grass Roots are an American rock music group. Their peak in popularity was in the 1960s and 1970s. They formed in Los Angeles, California in 1966. Their biggest hit was the song "Midnight Confessions" which charted in the US at #5 in 1968. Their 1969 song "I'd Wait a Million Years" was #15 in the U.S..


Dionne Warwick

Dionne Warwick (born December 12, 1940) is an American R&B singer. She was born in East Orange, New Jersey.

Warwick sang many songs written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. Many of these songs were hits.

In 1990, Warwick hosted and executive produced a talk show, "Dionne and Friends". She was a contestant in the 2011 season of "The Apprentice".

Warwick's sister Dee Dee Warwick (1942-2008), their aunt Cissy Houston (born 1933) and cousin Whitney Houston (1963-2012) were singers.

Barenaked Ladies

Barenaked Ladies are a Canadian band. They formed in Toronto, Canada in 1988. The band is made up of four men. In 1991, the band was taken off the program for a New Year's Eve concert in Toronto because someone thought the name was bad. The band started as a duo with Ed Roberstson and Steven Page. Lead singer Page left the band in 2009 to begin a solo career. He was also arrested in 2008 for having the illegal drug cocaine.

The current band members are:

Ed Robertson is also the host of a television programme, called "Ed's Up". On the programme, he travels around Canada by airplane. A plane he was flying crashed into trees in 2008. Roberston and the other passengers were not hurt.

The theme song to the television series "The Big Bang Theory" is performed by Barenaked Ladies.

The band have made 18 albums:


Paul Revere &amp; the Raiders

Paul Revere & the Raiders were an American pop group who were popular in the 1960s. They started in Portland, Oregon in 1960.

The band claimed to have 23 hits from 1961 to 1972, more hits for a long period of time than even the likes of The Beatles did not achieve. The Raiders most well known lineup consisted of: Mark Lindsay (lead vocals), Drake Levin (guitar), Jim Valley (guitar), Phil Volk (bass), Paul Revere (keyboards) and Mike Smith (drums).

Nintendogs

There are four versions of the game each with different breeds.
They are: "Dalmatian and Friends", "Chihuahua and Friends", "Labrador and Friends" and "Dachshund and Friends". All breeds are unlockable in every version and a player can unlock dogs by increasing his trainer points. However, the player can only have three dogs at home. To get more the player must drop off one at the Dog Hotel. Every player can only drop off five dogs at a time.

If the player does not play the game for a long period of time, the dog may run away, so players need to play with their dogs daily.

A sequel, "Nintendogs + Cats", was released for the Nintendo 3DS in 2011.


Luigi

Luigi Mario is a video game character made by Nintendo. The famous game designer, Shigeru Miyamoto, made him. Luigi is the younger but taller fraternal twin brother of the Nintendo mascot, Mario. He is in many games all over the "Mario" series, almost always as an assistant to his brother Mario.

The first game Luigi was in was "Mario Bros. (Game and Watch)" (1983) as a character seen working in a factory. He later appeared playable in the 1983 arcade game "Mario Bros" and was played by the second player. It was also done in "Super Mario Bros.", "Super Mario Bros. 3", "Super Mario World", and other games. The first game in which he was present as the first character was "Super Mario Bros. 2". In the Mario series, he is usually not the main character. However, he has his own games where he is the main character, like Luigi's Mansion and Mario is Missing!. He also appears in many spin-offs, such as Mario Kart, Mario Party and the Super Smash Bros. series. Luigi has also been in every show of the three DiC TV series based on the Nintendo Entertainment System and Super Nintendo Entertainment System games.

At first, he was made as a copy of Mario with a green color instead of red. Later in the series, he became his own character with his own personality and abilities. As his part in the "Mario" series progressed, Luigi became taller and thinner than his brother.

Nintendo called 2013 "The Year of Luigi" to mark the thirty years of the character's existence. The games released in 2013 brought attention to Luigi, such as "", "", "Dr. Luigi", and the level pack "New Super Luigi U" for "New Super Mario Bros. U". In "Super Mario 3D World", a Luigi version of "Mario Bros." called "Luigi Bros." can be unlocked.

The events leading to the creation of Luigi began in 1982, during the making of "Donkey Kong". The Nintendo designer Shigeru Miyamoto had created Mario (who used to be "Jumpman") hoping that he would be able to show the character in many different pars in future games. Miyamoto had been given ideas by the game "Joust" to create a game where two players can play at the same time. This was the cause of his development of the game "Mario Bros." in 1983, with Luigi as the brother of Mario and the second playable character. The name Luigi is said to have been inspired by a pizza business near the head office of Nintendo of America in Redmond, Washington, called "Mario & Luigi's". Miyamoto noticed that the word "ruiji" means "similar" in the Japanese language and that Luigi was designed to have the same size, shape and gameplay as Mario.

At first, in "Donkey Kong", Mario was a carpenter. In "Mario Bros.", Mario and Luigi were designed as Italian plumbers by Miyamoto at the suggestion of a partner. Software limits at the time—almost the same as those that gave Mario his special look in "Donkey Kong"—meant the first appearance of Luigi was limited to a simple color swap of Mario, designed to be the second player. The characters were in every way the same, other than their colors. The green color for Luigi would be one of his physical characteristics in future releases.

After the success of "Mario Bros.", Luigi was shown to a wider market in 1985 with the release of the NES game "Super Mario Bros. "Once again, his part was limited to a color swap of Mario, acting as the second-player in almost the same way as "Mario Bros. "The Japan-only form of "Super Mario Bros. 2" in 1986 (released in the west as " "in the future) marked the start of Luigi becoming a separate character. As with his last appearances, Luigi was still a color swap of Mario. However, his moves were not the same. Luigi could now jump higher and a greater distance than his brother, at the cost of motion reaction and exactness.

While this form of "Super Mario Bros. 2" was released in Japan, it was thought to be too hard for the American public at the time. In 1988, as a result, an alternative release was developed to be good enough as "Super Mario Bros. 2" for western players (and in the future released in Japan as "Super Mario USA"). This would play a key part in forming the current look of Luigi. The game was a conversion of "", with the art changed to be characters and places from the "Mario" series. In this release, the character of "Mama", who could jump the highest, was good enough for the model for Luigi. This caused his taller, thinner look, combined with his Mario-designed outfit and green color. There were appearances of Luigi being taller than Mario before - for example, in the 1988 Famicom Disk System game "" and before that, in a very limited 1986 anime "" (though in the anime, he had a yellow shirt and blue overalls). Licensed art for "Super Mario Bros. 3" and "Super Mario World "shows Luigi with this new look. Nintendo of Japan would not change his art differences to his look within the game until the 1992 game "Super Mario Kart". The appearance of Luigi from the "Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic" version of "Super Mario Bros. 2" has been used ever since, even for games made again in which he was a palette swap to start with.

Much like his appearance, Luigi's voice has changed over the years. In "Mario Kart 64", which voiced many characters for the first time, some characters had two different voices in relation to the region of the game. The North American and European versions of the game present a deep voice for Luigi, by Charles Martinet, who also voices Mario, Wario, Waluigi, and Toadsworth. The Japanese version uses a high, falsetto voice, by (then French translator at Nintendo) Julien Bardakoff. All forms of "Mario Party" present the high-pitched clips of Bardakoff from "Mario Kart 64". Luigi kept this higher voice in "Mario Party 2". In "Mario Golf", "Mario Tennis", and "Mario Party 3" his voice returned to normal. Since then, in all games but "" and "Super Smash Bros. Melee", Luigi has always had a medium-pitched voice. In "", Luigi's voice was the same high voice as in the Japanese "Mario Kart 64". In "Super Smash Bros." and "Super Smash Bros. Melee", Luigi's voice is based on Mario's voice (with clips taken from "Super Mario 64"), with a higher pitch. In "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", he has his own voice clips instead of voice clips taken from Mario.

Playable only in two-player:

Playable in one-player or two-player:

RAID

RAID is an acronym that stands for Redundant Array of Inexpensive Disks or Redundant Array of Independent Disks. RAID is a term used in computing. With RAID, several hard disks are made into one logical disk. There are different ways this can be done. Each of the methods that puts the hard disks together has some benefits and drawbacks over using the drives as single disks, independent of each other. The main reasons why RAID is used are:


It is not possible to achieve all of these goals at the same time, so choices need to be made.

There are also some bad things:


Most of the work on RAID is based on a paper written in 1988.

Companies have used RAID systems to store their data since the technology was made. There are different ways in which RAID systems can be made. Since its discovery, the cost of building a RAID system has come down a lot. For this reason, even some computers and appliances that are used at home have some RAID functions. Such systems can be used to store music or movies, for example.

A hard disk is a part of a computer. Normal hard disks use magnetism to store information. When hard disks are used, they are available to the operating system. In Microsoft Windows, each hard disk will get a drive letter (starting with C:, A: or B: are reserved for floppy drives). Unix and Linux-like operating systems have a single-rooted directory tree. This means that people who use the computers sometimes do not know where the information is stored.

In computing, the hard disks (which are hardware, and can be touched) are sometimes called "physical drives" or "physical disks". What the operating system shows the user is sometimes called "logical disk". A physical drive can be split into different sections, called disk partitions. Usually, each disk partition contains one file system. The operating system will show each partition like a logical disk.

Therefore, to the user, both the setup with many physical disks and the setup with many logical disks will look the same. The user cannot decide if a "logical disk" is the same as a physical disk, or if it simply is a part of the disk. Storage Area Networks (SANs) completely change this view. All that is visible of a SAN is a number of logical disks.

In the computer, data is organised in the form of bits and bytes. In most systems, 8 bits make up a byte. Computer memory uses electricity to store the data, hard disks use magnetism. Therefore, when data is "written" on a disk, the electric signal is converted into a magnetic one. When data is read from disk, the conversion is done in the other direction: An electrical signal is made from the polarity of a magnetic field.

A RAID array joins two or more hard disks so that they make a logical disk. There are different reasons why this is done. The most common ones are:


RAID is done by using special hardware or software on the computer. The joined hard disks will then look like one hard disk to the user. Most RAID levels increase the redundancy. This means that they store the data more often, or they store information on how to reconstruct the data. This allows for a number of disks to fail without the data being lost. When the failed disk is replaced, the data it should contain will be copied or rebuilt from the other disks of the system. This can take a long time. The time it takes depends on different factors, like the size of the array.

One of the reasons why many companies are using RAID is that the data in the array can simply be used. Those using the data need not be aware they are using RAID at all. When a failure occurred and the array is recovering, access to the data will be slower. Accessing the data during this time will also slow down the recovery process, but this is still much faster than not being able to work with the data at all.
Depending on the RAID level however, disks may not fail while the new disk is being prepared for use. A disk failing at that time will result in losing all the data in the array.

The different ways to join disks are called "RAID levels". A bigger number for the level is not necessarily better. Different RAID levels have different purposes. Some RAID levels need special disks and special controllers.

In 1978, a man called Norman Ken Ouchi, who worked at IBM, made a suggestion describing the plans for what would later become RAID 5. The plans also described something similar to RAID 1, as well as the protection of a part of RAID 4.

Workers at the University of Berkeley helped to plan out research in 1987. They were trying to make it possible for RAID technology to recognize two hard drives instead of one. They found that when RAID technology had two hard drives, it had much better storage than with only one hard drive. However, it crashed much more often.

In 1988, the different types of RAID (1 to 5), were written about by David Patterson, Garth Gibson and Randy Katz in their article, called "A Case for Redundant Arrays of Inexpensive Disks (RAID)". This article was the first to call the new technology RAID and the name became official.

RAID uses a few basic ideas, which were described in the article "RAID: High-Performance, Reliable Secondary Storage" by Peter Chen and others, published in 1994.

Caching is a technology that also has its uses in RAID systems. There are different kinds of caches that are used in RAID systems:


In modern systems, a write request is shown as done when the data has been written to the cache. This does not mean that the data has been written to the disk. Requests from the cache are not necessarily handled in the same order that they were written to the cache. This makes it possible that, if the system fails, sometimes some data has not been written to the disk involved. For this reason, many systems have a cache that is backed by a battery.

When talking about a mirror, this is a very simple idea. Instead of the data being in only one place, there are several copies of the data. These copies usually are on different hard disks (or disk partitions). If there are two copies, one of them can fail without the data being affected (as it still is on the other copy). Mirroring can also give a boost when reading data. It will always be taken from the fastest disk that responds. Writing data is slower though, because all disks need to be updated.

With striping, the data is split into different parts. These parts then end up on different disks (or disk partitions). This means that writing data is faster, as it can be done in parallel. This does not mean that there will not be faults, as each block of data is only found on one disk.

It is possible to calculate different kinds of checksums. Some methods of calculating checksums allow finding a mistake. Most RAID levels that use redundancy can do this. Some methods are more difficult to do, but they allow to not only detect the error, but to fix it.

Many of the ways to have RAID support something is called a "hot spare". A hot spare is an empty disk that is not used in normal operation. When a disk fails, data can directly be copied onto the hot spare disk. That way, the failed disk needs to be replaced by a new empty drive to become the hot spare.

RAID works by spreading the data over several disks. Two of the terms often used in this context are "stripe size" and "chunk size".

The "chunk size" is the smallest data block that is written to a single disk of the array. The "stripe size" is the size of a block of data that will be spread over all disks. That way, with four disks, and a stripe size of 64 kilobytes (kB), 16 kB will be written to each disk. The chunk size in this example is therefore 16 kB. Making the stripe size bigger will mean a faster data transfer rate, but also a bigger maximum latency. In this case, this is the time needed to get a block of data.

Many controllers (and also software) can put disks together in the following way: Take the first disk, till it ends, then they take the second, and so on. In that way, several smaller disks look like a larger one. This is not really RAID, as there is no redundancy. Also, spanning can combine disks where RAID 0 cannot do anything. Generally, this is called "just a bunch of disks" (JBOD).

This is like a distant relative of RAID because the logical drive is made of different physical drives. Concatenation is sometimes used to turn several small drives into one larger useful drive. This can not be done with RAID 0. For example, JBOD could combine 3 GB, 15 GB, 5.5 GB, and 12 GB drives into a logical drive at 35.5 GB, which is often more useful than the drives alone.

In the diagram to the right, data are concatenated from the end of disk 0 (block A63) to the beginning of disk 1 (block A64); end of disk 1 (block A91) to the beginning of disk 2 (block A92).
If RAID 0 were used, then disk 0 and disk 2 would be truncated to 28 blocks, the size of the smallest disk in the array (disk 1) for a total size of 84 blocks.

Some RAID controllers use JBOD to talk about working on drives without RAID features. Each drive shows up separately in the operating system. This JBOD is not the same as concatenation.

Many Linux systems use the terms "linear mode" or "append mode". The Mac OS X 10.4 implementation — called a "Concatenated Disk Set" — does not leave the user with any usable data on the remaining drives if one drive fails in a concatenated disk set, although the disks otherwise operate as described above.

Concatenation is one of the uses of the Logical Volume Manager in Linux. It can be used to create virtual drives.

Most modern hard disks have a standard called Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology (S.M.A.R.T). SMART allows to monitor certain things on a hard disk drive. Certain controllers allow to replace a single hard disk even before it fails, for example because S.M.A.R.T or another disk test reports too many correctable errors. To do this, the controller will copy all the data onto a hot spare drive. After this, the disk can be replaced by another (which will simply become the new hot spare).

The setup of the disks and how they use the techniques above affects the performance and reliability of the system. When more disks are used, one of the disks is more likely to fail. Because of this, mechanisms have to be built to be able to find and fix errors. This makes the whole system more reliable, as it is able to survive and repair the failure.

RAID 0 is not really RAID because it is not redundant. With RAID 0, disks are simply put together to make a large disk. This is called "striping". When one disk fails, the whole array fails. Therefore, RAID 0 is rarely used for important data, but reading and writing data from the disk can be faster with striping because each disk reads part of the file at the same time.

With RAID 0, disk blocks that come after one another are usually placed on different disks. For this reason, all disks used by a RAID 0 should be the same size.

RAID 0 is often used for Swapspace on Linux or Unix-like operating systems.

With RAID 1, two disks are put together. Both hold the same data, one is "mirroring" the other. This is easy, fast configuration whether implemented with a hardware controller or by software.

RAID Level 5 is what is probably used most of the time. At least three hard disks are needed to build a RAID 5 storage array. Each block of data will be stored in three different places. Two of these places will store the block as it is, the third will store a checksum. This checksum is a special case of a Reed-Solomon code that only uses bitwise addition. Usually, it is calculated using the XOR method. Since this method is symmetric, one lost data block can be rebuilt from the other data block and the checksum. For each block, a different disk will hold the parity block which holds the checksum. This is done to increase redundancy. Any disk can fail. Overall, there will be one disk holding the checksums, so the total usable capacity will be that of all disks except for one. The size of the resulting logical disk will be the size of all disks together, except for one disk which holds parity information.

Of course this is slower than RAID level 1, since on every write, all disks need to be read to calculate and update the parity information. The read performance of RAID 5 is almost as good as RAID 0 for the same number of disks. Except for the parity blocks, the distribution of data over the drives follows the same pattern as RAID 0. The reason RAID 5 is slightly slower is that the disks must skip over the parity blocks.

A RAID 5 with a failed disk will continue to work. It is in "degraded mode". A degraded RAID 5 can be very slow. For this reason an additional disk is often added. This is called "hot spare" disk. If a disk fails, the data can be directly rebuilt onto the extra disk. RAID 5 can also be done in software quite easily.

Mainly because of performance problems of failed RAID 5 arrays, some database experts have formed a group called BAARF—the "Battle Against Any Raid Five".

If the system fails while there are active writes, the parity of a stripe may become inconsistent with the data. If this is not repaired before a disk or block fails, data loss may occur. An incorrect parity will be used to reconstruct the missing block in that stripe. This problem is sometimes known as the "write hole". Battery-backed caches and similar techniques are commonly used to reduce the chance for this to occur.

This was used with very large computers. Special expensive disks and a special controller are needed to use RAID Level 2. The data is distributed at the bit-level (all other levels use byte-level actions). Special calculations are done. Data is split up into static sequences of bits. 8 data bits and 2 parity bits are put together. Then a Hamming code is calculated. The fragments of the Hamming code are then distributed over the different disks.

RAID 2 is the only RAID level that can "repair" errors, the other RAID levels can only detect them. When they find that the information needed does not make sense, they will simply rebuild it. This is done with calculations, using information on the other disks. If that information is missing or wrong, they cannot do much. Because it uses Hamming codes, RAID 2 can find out which piece of the information is wrong, and correct only that piece.

RAID 2 needs at least 10 disks to work. Because of its complexity and its need for very expensive and special hardware, RAID 2 is no longer used very much.

Raid Level 3 is much like RAID Level 0. An additional disk is added to store parity information. This is done by bitwise addition of the value of a block on the other disks. The parity information is stored on a separate (dedicated) disk. This is not good, because if the parity disk crashes, the parity information is lost.

RAID Level 3 is usually done with at least 3 disks. A two-disk setup is identical to a RAID Level 0.

This is very similar to RAID 3, except that the parity information is calculated over larger blocks, and not single bytes. This is like RAID 5. At least three disks are needed for a RAID 4 array.

RAID level 6 was not an original RAID level. It adds an additional parity block to a RAID 5 array. It needs at least four disks (two disks for the capacity, two disks for redundancy). RAID 5 can be seen as a special case of a Reed-Solomon code. RAID 5 is a special case, though, it only needs addition in the Galois field "GF(2)". This is easy to do with XORs. RAID 6 extends these calculations. It is no longer a special case, and all of the calculations need to be done. With RAID 6, an extra checksum (called polynomial) is used, usually of "GF (2)". With this approach it is possible to protect against any number of failed disks. RAID 6 is for the case of using two checksums to protect against the loss of two disks.

Like with RAID 5, parity and data are on different disks for each block. The two parity blocks are also located on different disks.

There are different ways to do RAID 6. They are different in their write performance, and in how much calculations are needed. Being able to do faster writes usually means more calculations are needed.

RAID 6 is slower than RAID 5, but it allows the RAID to continue with any two disks failed. RAID 6 is becoming popular because it allows an array to be rebuilt after a single-drive failure even if one of the remaining disks has one or more bad sectors.

RAID 6 uses two parity blocks. These are calculated in a special way over a polynomial. "Double parity" RAID (also called "diagonal parity" RAID) uses a different polynomial for each of these parity blocks. Recently, the industry association that defined RAID said that double parity RAID is a different form of RAID 6.

RAID-DP is another way of having double parity.

RAID 1.5 (not to be confused with RAID 15, which is different) is a proprietary RAID implementation. Like RAID 1, it only uses two disks, but it does both striping and mirroring (similar to RAID 10). Most things are done in hardware.

RAID 5E, RAID 5EE and RAID 6E (with the added "E" for "Enhanced") generally refer to different types of RAID 5 or RAID 6 with a hot spare. With these implementations, the hot spare drive is not a physical drive. Rather, it exists in the form of free space on the disks. This increases performance, but it means that a hot spare cannot be shared between different arrays. The scheme was introduced by IBM ServeRAID around 2001.

This is a proprietary implementation. It adds caching to a RAID 3 or RAID 4 array.

Some Intel main boards have RAID chip that have this feature. It uses two or three disks, and then partitions them equally to form a combination of RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 5 or RAID 1+0 levels.

This is the name for the driver that allows to do software RAID with Linux. In addition to the normal RAID levels 0-6, it also has a RAID 10 implementation. Since Kernel 2.6.9, RAID 10 is a single level. The implementation has some non-standard features.

Sun has implemented a file system called ZFS. This file system is optimised for handling large amounts of data. It includes a Logical Volume Manager. It also includes a feature called RAID-Z. It avoids the problem called "RAID 5 write hole" because it has a copy-on-write policy: It does not overwrite the data directly, but writes new data in a new location on the disk. When the write was successful, the old data is deleted. It avoids the need for read-modify-write operations for small writes, because it only writes full-stripes. Small blocks are mirrored instead of parity protected, which is possible because the file system knows the way the storage is organised. It can therefore allocate extra space if necessary. There is also "RAID-Z2" which uses two forms of parity to achieve results similar to RAID 6: the ability to survive up to two drive failures without losing data.

With RAID different disks can be put together to get a logical disk.The user will only see the logical disk. Each one of the RAID levels mentioned above has good and bad points. But RAID can also work with logical disks. That way one of the RAID levels above can be used with a set of logical disks. Many people note it by writing the numbers together. Sometimes, they write a '+' or an '&' in between. Common combinations (using two levels) are the following:


With six disks of 300 GB each, a total capacity of 1.8TB, it is possible to make a RAID 5, with 1.5 TB usable space. In that array, one disk can fail without data loss. With RAID 50, the space is reduced to 1.2 TB, but one disk of each RAID 5 can fail, plus there is a noticeable increase in performance. RAID 51 reduces the usable size to 900 GB, but allows any three drives to fail.

There are different ways to make a RAID. It can either be done with software, or with hardware.

A RAID can be made with software in two different ways. In the case of Software RAID, the disks are connected like normal hard disks. It is the computer that makes the RAID work. This means that for each access the CPU also needs to do the calculations for the RAID. The calculations for RAID 0 or RAID 1 are simple. However, the calculations for RAID 5, RAID 6, or one of the combined RAID levels can be a lot of work. In a software RAID, automatically booting from an array that failed may be a difficult thing to do. Finally, the way RAID is done in software depends on the operating system used; it is generally not possible to re-build a Software RAID array with a different operating system. Operating systems usually use hard disk partitions rather than whole hard disks to make RAID arrays.

A RAID can also be made with hardware. In this case, a special disk controller is used; this controller card hides the fact that it is doing RAID from the operating system and the user. The calculations of checksum information, and other RAID-related calculations are done on a special microchip in that controller. This makes the RAID independent of the operating system. The operating system will not see the RAID, it will see a single disk. Different manufacturers do RAID in different ways. This means that a RAID built with one hardware RAID controller cannot be rebuilt by another RAID controller of a different manufacturer. Hardware RAID controllers are often expensive to buy.

This is a mix between hardware RAID and software RAID. Hardware-assisted RAID uses a special controller chip (like hardware RAID), but this chip can not do many operations. It is only active when the system is started; as soon as the operating system is fully loaded, this configuration is like software RAID. Some motherboards have RAID functions for the disks attached; most often, these RAID functions are done as "hardware-assisted RAID". This means that special software is needed to be able to use these RAID functions and to be able to recover from a failed disk.

There are different terms that are used when talking about hardware failures:

The failure rate is how often a system fails. The "mean time to failure" (MTTF) or "mean time between failures" (MTBF) of a RAID system is the same as that of its components. A RAID system cannot protect against failures of its individual hard drives, after all. The more complicated types of RAID (anything beyond "striping" or "concatenation") can help keep the data intact even if an individual hard drive fails, though.

The "mean time to data loss" (MTTDL) gives the average time before a loss of data happens in a given array. Mean time to data loss of a given RAID may be higher or lower than that of its hard disks. This depends on the type of RAID used.

Arrays that have redundancy can recover from some failures. The "mean time to recovery" shows how long it takes until a failed array is back to its normal state. This adds both the time to replace a failed disk mechanism as well as time to re-build the array (i.e. to replicate data for redundancy).

The "unrecoverable bit error rate" (UBE) tells how long a disk drive will be unable to recover data after using cyclic redundancy check (CRC) codes and multiple retries.

There are also certain problems with the ideas or the technology behind RAID:

Certain RAID levels allow to extend the array by simply adding hard disks, at a later time. Information such as parity blocks is often scattered on several disks. Adding a disk to the array means that a reorganisation becomes necessary. Such a reorganisation is like a re-build of the array, it can take a long time. When this is done, the additional space may not be available yet, because both the file system on the array, and the operating system need to be told about it. Some file systems do not support to be grown after they have been created. In such a case, all the data needs to be backed up, the array needs be re-created with the new layout, and the data needs to be restored onto it.

Another option to add storage is to create a new array, and to let a logical volume manager handle the situation. This allows to grow almost any RAID system, even RAID1 (which by itself is limited to two disks).

The error correction mechanism in RAID assumes that failures of drives are independent. It is possible to calculate how often a piece of equipment can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss very improbable.

In practice, however, the drives were often bought together. They have roughly the same age, and have been used similarly (called "wear"). Many drives fail because of mechanical problems. The older a drive is, the more worn are its mechanical parts. Mechanical parts that are old are more likely to fail than those that are younger. This means that drive failures are no longer statistically independent. In practice, there is a chance that a second disk will also fail before the first has been recovered. This means that data loss can occur at significant rates, in practice.

Another problem that also occurs with RAID systems is that applications expect what is called "Atomicity": Either all of the data is written, or none is. Writing the data is known as a "transaction".

In RAID arrays, the new data is usually written in the place where the old data was. This has become known as "update in-place". Jim Gray, a database researcher wrote a paper in 1981 where he described this problem.

Very few storage systems allow "atomic write semantics". When an object is written to disk, a RAID storage device will usually be writing all copies of the object in parallel. Very often, there is only one processor responsible for writing the data. In such a case, the writes of data to the different drives will overlap. This is known as "overlapped write" or "staggered write". An error that occurs during the process of writing may therefore leave the redundant copies in different states. What is worse, it may leave the copies in neither the old nor the new state. Logging relies on the original data being either in the old or the new state, though. This permits backing out the logical change, but few storage systems provide an atomic write semantic on a RAID disk.

Using a battery-backed write cache can solve this problem, but only in a power failure scenario.

Transactional support is not present in all hardware RAID controllers. Therefore, many operating systems include it to protect against data loss during an interrupted write. Novell Netware, starting with version 3.x, included a transaction tracking system. Microsoft introduced transaction tracking via the journaling feature in NTFS. NetApp WAFL file system solves it by never updating the data in place, as does ZFS.

Some sectors on a hard disk may have become unreadable because of a mistake. Some RAID implementations can deal with this situation by moving the data elsewhere and marking the sector on the disk as bad. This happens at about 1 bit in 10 in enterprise-class disk drives, and 1 bit in 10 in ordinary disk drives. Disk capacities are steadily increasing. This may mean that sometimes, a RAID cannot be rebuilt, because such an error is found when the array is rebuilt after a disk failure. Certain technologies such as RAID 6 try to address this issue, but they suffer from a very high write penalty, in other words writing data becomes very slow.

The disk system can acknowledge the write operation as soon as the data is in the cache. It does not need to wait until the data has been physically written. However, any power outage can then mean a significant data loss of any data queued in such a cache.

With hardware RAID, a battery can be used to protect this cache. This often solves the problem. When the power fails, the controller can finish writing the cache when the power is back. This solution can still fail, though: the battery may have worn out, the power may have been off for too long, the disks could be moved to another controller, the controller itself could fail. Certain systems can do periodic battery checks, but these use the battery itself, and leave it in a state where it is not fully charged.

The disk formats on different RAID controllers are not necessarily compatible. Therefore, it may not be possible to read a RAID array on different hardware. Consequently, a non-disk hardware failure may require using identical hardware, or a backup, to recover the data.

This guide was taken from a thread in a RAID-related forum. This was done to help point out the advantages and disadvantages of choosing RAID. It is directed at people who want to choose RAID for either increases in performance or redundancy. It contains links to other threads in its forum containing user-generated anecdotal reviews of their RAID experiences.



The RAID levels used most often are RAID 0, RAID 1, and RAID 5. Suppose there is a 3 disk setup, with 3 identical disks of 1 TB each, and the probability of failure of a drive for a given timespan is 1%.


Leonid Brezhnev

Leonid Illich Brezhnev (19 December 1906 – 10 November 1982) was a leader of the Soviet Union. Born in 1906, Brezhnev was First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was effectively the dictator of the Soviet Union from 1964 until his death in 1982. 

During the Second World War, Brezhnev was a Political Commissar. He supervised various military units. There, he became a friend of Nikita Khrushchev. 

Unlike Khrushchev, the leader of the Soviet Union before him, Brezhnev did not agree with the process of destalinization, and did not support reform. Under Brezhnev, the Soviet economy mostly consisted of military spending. Because the country's resources were going to the armed forces, as they had under Joseph Stalin in wartime, consumer wants were ignored. The standard of living began to fall.

Brezhnev died of a heart attack on November 10, 1982. At over 18 years, Brezhnev was longest ruling Russian Ruler since Stalin until Vladimir Putin broke this record in 2017.

List of wars and uprisings in Europe: WW2 ; Great Patriotic War (1941-1945),Hungarian Revolution of 1956,1968 Warsaw Pact Invasion Of Czechoslovakia

List of wars in Asia: Korean War,Vietnam War,Cambodian Civil War,Cambodian–Vietnamese War,Soviet–Afghan War (1950-1982)

List of wars in Africa and Middle East : Nigerian Civil War,Angolan Civil War,Iran–Iraq War (1967-1982)

Approximation

An approximation is a version of a piece of information that does not describe it exactly, but is close enough to be used. An approximation may be used either when the exact piece of information is not known, or when it's too long or complicated and people need something simpler. The most common simple adjective for an approximation is "about". 

For example, if you wanted to add 2.0002 and 2.0003, you can add 2 and 2, and it would be an approximation.
If you are left with a balance of Dollar 78.23 you might want to say you are left with 80 dollars. In mathematics, this is written using the formula_1 symbol (e.g., formula_2).

Archimedes used polygons to approximate a circle, and to calculate an approximation for formula_3 as shown below:

PhpBB

phpBB is a commonly used, free computer software for forums. As the name suggests, phpBB is written in PHP, with the use of one of SQL compatible databases.


World Health Organization

The World Health Organization (WHO) is part of the United Nations (UN), working on international public health, with its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The WHO was established by the UN on April 7, 1948. In the previous year they had already started an epidemiology service. WHO World Health Day is celebrated on April 7.


Jerboa

A jerboa is a small desert rodent of Asia and Northern Africa. It looks like a mouse, but it has a long tail and very long back legs. The jerboa moves by jumping. Jerboas have long tails, long hind legs, and short front legs. They tend to live in hot deserts.

When they are being chased, jerboas can run up to 24 kilometers per hour. Some jerboa species are preyed on by little owls in central Asia. Most species of jerboas have very good hearing. Their hearing helps them avoid being attacked by predators.

Jerboas are also 2 4km/h and there highest jump is 6 feet high and there are 33 species of jerboa


Aesop

Aesop, or Æsop (from the Greek "Αἴσωπος" "Aisopos"), is known for his fables. He was, by tradition, a slave of African descent who lived from about 620 BC to 560 BC in Ancient Greece.

Aesop's Fables are still taught as moral lessons and used as subjects for entertainment, especially children's plays and cartoons. Aesop is "said" to have written thousands of fables, but none has been verified. This means we do not know whether he wrote any, or perhaps just collected them. His most famous one was perhaps "The Lion and the Mouse".

No writings by him survive. Tales credited to him were gathered across the centuries and in many languages. This is a storytelling tradition that continues to the present day. Many of the tales have animals and inanimate objects that speak, solve problems, and generally have human characteristics.

The tradition is that he was at one point freed from slavery and that he eventually died at the hands of Delphians. In fact, the doubt about his life has led some to deny his existence altogether.

His most famous fable is a parable of the tortoise and the hare. In this story, a rabbit challenges a tortoise to a race. The rabbit is sure of its victory and as a result, depending on the version of the story, in some way completes the race slower than the turtle. Often, the hare takes a nap or takes too many breaks. The persistent tortoise, despite being slower, wins because it persevered.

The Qur'anic figure "Luqman" (Arabic: لقمان) is often identified with Aesop, whose lore is found in several ancient cultures. At some time during the Middle Ages, much was transferred to Luqman that was told in Europe of Aesop. This identification with Aesop is confirmed by the fact that many of the fables ascribed to Aesop in the west are referred to Luqman in the east.

Aesop's Fables or "Aesopica" refers to a collection of fables credited to Aesop. Aesop's Fables has also become a blanket term for collections of brief fables, usually involving personified animals.

The fables remain a popular choice for moral education of children today. Many stories included in Aesop's Fables, such as "The Fox and the Grapes" (from which the idiom "sour grapes" was derived), "The Tortoise and the Hare" (see Zeno's paradoxes) and "The Shepherd Boy and the Wolf" (also known as "The Boy Who Cried Wolf"), are well known throughout the world.



Smell

The term smell may refer to one of the following articles:


Olfaction

Olfaction is the sense of smell. The sense of smell is how a human or animal notices a smell (or odour or odor) by using the nose. Many animals have better noses than people. Some animals can detect small particles in the air or sometimes water that people cannot. 

People have special cells in the nose that can detect some chemicals. These are special nerve cells attached to the olfactory epithelium. All vertebrates have these cells. The smell is first processed by the olfactory system. The information is given to the olfactory bulb in the front of the forebrain. 

In insects, smells are sensed by sensillum on the antennae and first processed by the antennal lobe.

The olfactory reception (OR) cells are neurons (nerve cells). Many tiny hair-like cilia stick out of these cells into the mucus covering the surface of the epithelium. The surface of these cilia is covered with olfactory receptors, a kind of protein. 

There are about 1000 different genes which code for the ORs, though only about a third are functional. The rest are pseudogenes. The OR genes are the largest gene family. An odor molecule dissolves into the mucus of the olfactory epithelium and then binds to an OR. Various odor molecules bind to various ORs. The basis of the sense of smell is that different groups of scent molecules bind to different receptor cells and so fire different groups of neurons. Inside the olfactory region of the brain, the firing of neurons produces the perceived smell. 

When the OR is activated, changes start in the cells. Positive ions come in and negative ions go out of the cells. This causes the neuron to fire an impulse (generate an action potential).


Teaspoon

A teaspoon is a spoon used for stirring tea, measuring sugar, and playing games such as spoons. They are also called flatspoons in American English. Longer teaspoons can be used to eat ice cream and other desserts, too. It is usually covered with silver or stainless steel.

It is also a unit of measurement, now equal to 5 millilitres.

Camembert

Camembert is a village in France. It is in Normandy. It is in the Orne "département" of the Lower Normandy region in France. It is most famous as the place where Camembert cheese originated. In 1999, 199 people lived there.

Camembert has a total area of 10.3 square kilometers.

Camembert cheese

Camembert cheese, more generally known as Camembert, is a French soft cheese. It originated in the village of Camembert in Normandy. Since 1983, the name "Camembert de Normandie" has been protected as Appellation d'Origine controlée (AOC).

Camembert is made from unpasteurized cow's milk, and is ripened by the moulds "Penicillium candida" and "Penicillium camemberti" for at least three weeks. It is produced in small rounds, about 250 grams in weight, which are wrapped in paper and boxed in thin wooden boxes.

When fresh, it is quite crumbly and relatively hard, but it characteristically ripens and becomes more runny and strongly flavoured as it ages.

Camembert can be used in many dishes, but it is popularly eaten uncooked on bread or with wine or meat, to enjoy the subtle flavour and texture which do not survive heating.

Camembert was reputedly invented in 1791 by Marie Harel, a farmer from Normandy. However, the origin of the cheese we know today as camembert is more likely to rest with the beginnings of the industrialisation of the cheese-making process at the end of the 19th century. In 1890, an engineer, M. Ridel invented the wooden box which was used to carry the cheese and helped to send it for longer distances, in particular to America where it became very popular. These boxes are still used today.

Before fungi were properly understood, the colour of Camembert rind was a matter of chance, most commonly blue-grey, with brown spots. From the early 20th century onwards the rind has been more commonly pure white, but it was not until the mid-1970s that pure white became standard.

The cheese was famously issued to French troops in the First World War, becoming firmly fixed in the French popular culture as a result. It has many other roles in French culture, literature and history. It is now internationally known, and many local varieties are made around the world.

The cheese is said to have inspired Salvador Dalí to create his famous painting, "The Persistence of Memory". Its "melting" watches were inspired by the sight of a melting wheel of over-ripe Camembert.

The Camembert de Normandie was granted a protected designation of origin in 1992 after the original AOC in 1983.


"Camembert: A National Myth" by Pierre Boisard claims that Camembert was one of the first globalised, homogenised and standardised foods.


Childbirth

Childbirth, also known as labour and delivery, is the ending of pregnancy where one or more babies leaves the uterus by passing through the vagina or by Caesarean section. In 2015, there were about 135 million births globally.

About 15 million were born before 37 weeks of gestation, while between 3 and 12 percent were born after 42 weeks.

Birth rate is important in determining the population growth rate.


Shiva

Shiva or Mahadeva is the supreme god in Shaivism tradition in Hinduism and one of the chief deities as a member of the Trimurti. Shiva is causeless auspiciousness. Shiva is known as the Maha Rudra (the master of all Rudras). Shiva is an embodiment of ultimate space of enlightenment. He assumed human form to guide humans in the past and thus is known as Adhiguru (first guru).

His space of enlightenment is what all spiritual seekers aspire for. All enlightened masters live in this space of Shiva. Shiva is known as the destroyer god because he removes all evil from the world. His wife is the goddess Parvati or Devi Durga.

According to Hindu legend, he has a blue neck because he swallowed a poison in order to save the universe. He has three eyes, the third eye is on his forehead. Shiva is one-third of the Hindu trimurti including Brahma and Vishnu. Lord Shiva lives in the Mount Kailash with his two sons Kartikeya and Ganesha who is known as the Remover of Obstacles. There is a statue of Shiva in Bangalore which is a great tourist attraction.

In later vedic texts, Shiva becomes a deity. Shiva is also called as "Brahman", the supreme universal consciousness. The word "shivo'ham" translates as "I am Shiva", conveying that one's consciousness is where the lord resides, uniting it with the supreme "transcendence". In Tamil, he was called by different names other than Sivan. Nataraja (Dancing form of Shiva), Rudra (Enraged form of Shiva), and Dhakshinamoorthy (Yoga form of Shiva). Nataraja is the only form of Shiva worshipped in a human figure format. Elsewhere he is worshipped in Lingam figure. Pancha Bootha temples are located in south India. Pancha Bhoota Stalam refers to five temples dedicated to Shiva. Tamil literature is enriched by Shiva devotees called 63 Nayanmars (Nayanars).
A sculpture of Shiva with Moustache at Archaeological Museum, Goa
The Sanskrit word ""śiva"" (Devanagari: शिव, also transliterated as "shiva") means, states Monier Monier-Williams, "auspicious, propitious, gracious, benign, kind, benevolent, friendly". The roots of "śiva" in folk etymology are "śī" which means "in whom all things lie, pervasiveness" and "va" which means "embodiment of grace".

The word Shiva is used as an adjective in the Rig Veda (approximately 1700–1100 BC), as an epithet for several Rigvedic deities, including Rudra. The term Shiva also connotes "liberation, final emancipation" and "the auspicious one", this adjective sense of usage is addressed to many deities in Vedic layers of literature. The term evolved from the Vedic "Rudra-Shiva" to the noun "Shiva" in the Epics and the Puranas, as an auspicious deity who is the "creator, reproducer and dissolver".

Sharva, sharabha presents another etymology with the Sanskrit root "śarv"-, which means "to injure" or "to kill", interprets the name to connote "one who can kill the forces of darkness".

The Sanskrit word "śaiva" means "relating to the god Shiva", and this term is the Sanskrit name both for one of the principal sects of Hinduism and for a member of that sect. It is used as an adjective to characterize certain beliefs and practices, such as Shaivism.

The "Vishnu sahasranama" interprets "Shiva" to have multiple meanings: "The Pure One", and "the One who is not affected by three Guṇas of Prakṛti (Sattva, Rajas, and Tamas)".

Shiva is known by many names such as Viswanatha (lord of the universe), Mahadeva, Mahandeo, Mahasu, Mahesha, Maheshvara, Shankara, Shambhu, Rudra, Hara, Trilochana, Devendra (chief of the gods), Neelakanta, Subhankara, Trilokinatha (lord of the three realms), and Ghrneshwar (lord of compassion). The highest reverence for Shiva in Shaivism is reflected in his epithets 'Mahādeva' ("Great god"; 'mahā' "Great" and "deva" "god"), 'Maheśvara' ("Great Lord"; 'mahā' "great" and 'īśvara' "lord"), and 'Parameśvara' ("Supreme Lord").

Sahasranama are medieval Indian texts that list a thousand names derived from aspects and epithets of a deity. There are at least eight different versions of the "Shiva Sahasranama", devotional hymns ("stotras") listing many names of Shiva. The version appearing in Book 13 ("Anuśāsanaparvan") of the "Mahabharata" provides one such list. Shiva also has "Dasha-Sahasranamas" (10,000 names) that are found in the "Mahanyasa". The "Shri Rudram Chamakam", also known as the "Śatarudriya", is a devotional hymn to Shiva hailing him by many names.

See also: History of Shaivism

The Shiva-related tradition is a major part of Hinduism, found all over the Indian subcontinent, such as India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Southeast Asia, such as Bali, Indonesia. Scholars have interpreted early prehistoric paintings at the Bhimbetka rock shelters, carbon dated to be from pre-10,000 BCE period, as Shiva dancing, Shiva's trident, and his mount Nandi. Rock paintings from Bhimbetka, depicting a figure with a trishul, have been described as Nataraja by Erwin Neumayer, who dates them to the mesolithic.

Main article: Pashupati seal
Seal discovered during excavation of the Indus Valley archaeological site in the Indus Valley has drawn attention as a possible representation of a "yogi" or "proto-Shiva" figure.
Of several Indus valley seals that show animals, one seal that has attracted attention shows a large central figure, either horned or wearing a horned headdress and possibly ithyphallic, seated in a posture reminiscent of the Lotus position, surrounded by animals. This figure was named by early excavators of Mohenjo-daro as "Pashupati" (Lord of Animals, Sanskrit 'paśupatim'), an epithet of the later Hindu deities Shiva and Rudra.

Sir John Marshall and others suggested that this figure is a prototype of Shiva, with three faces, seated in a "yoga posture" with the knees out and feet joined. Semi-circular shapes on the head were interpreted as two horns. Scholars such as Gavin Flood, John Keay and Doris Meth Srinivasan have expressed doubts about this suggestion.

Gavin Flood states that it is not clear from the seal that the figure has three faces, is seated in a yoga posture, or even that the shape is intended to represent a human figure. He characterizes these views as "speculative", but adds that it is nevertheless possible that there are echoes of Shaiva iconographic themes, such as half-moon shapes resembling the horns of a bull. John Keay writes that "he may indeed be an early manifestation of Lord Shiva as Pashu-pati", but a couple of his specialties of this figure does not match with Rudra. Writing in 1997, Srinivasan interprets what John Marshall interpreted as facial as not human but more bovine, possibly a divine buffalo-man.

The interpretation of the seal continues to be disputed. McEvilley, for example, states that it is not possible to "account for this posture outside the yogic account". Asko Parpola states that other archaeological finds such as the early Elamite seals dated to 3000-2750 BCE show similar figures and these have been interpreted as "seated bull" and not a yogi, and the bovine interpretation is likely more accurate. Gregory L. Possehl in 2002, associated it with the water buffalo, and concluded that while it would be appropriate to recognize the figure as a deity, and its posture as one of ritual discipline, regarding it as a proto-Shiva would "go too far".

The Vedic literature refers to a minor atmospheric deity, with fearsome powers called Rudra. The Rigveda, for example, has 3 out of 1,028 hymns dedicated to Rudra, and he finds occasional mention in other hymns of the same text. The term Shiva also appears in the Rigveda, but simply as an epithet, that means "kind, auspicious", one of the adjectives used to describe many different Vedic deities. While fierce ruthless natural phenomenon and storm-related Rudra is feared in the hymns of the Rigveda, the beneficial rains he brings are welcomed as Shiva aspect of him. This healing, nurturing, life-enabling aspect emerges in the Vedas as Rudra-Shiva, and in post-Vedic literature ultimately as Shiva who combines the destructive and constructive powers, the terrific and the gentle, as the ultimate recycler and rejuvenator of all existence.

The similarities between the iconography and theologies of Shiva with Greek and European deities have led to proposals for an Indo-European link for Shiva, or lateral exchanges with ancient central Asian cultures. His contrasting aspects such as being terrifying or blissful depending on the situation, are similar to those of the Greek god Dionysus, as are their iconic associations with bull, snakes, anger, bravery, dancing and carefree life. The ancient Greek texts of the time of Alexander the Great call Shiva as "Indian Dionysus", or alternatively call Dionysus as ""god of the Orient"". Similarly, the use of phallic symbol as an icon for Shiva is also found for Irish, Nordic, Greek (Dionysus) and Roman deities, as was the idea of this aniconic column linking heaven and earth among early Indo-Aryans, states Roger Woodward. Others contest such proposals, and suggest Shiva to have emerged from indigenous pre-Aryan tribal origins.

Three-headed Shiva, Gandhara, 2nd century AD
Shiva as we know him today shares many features with the Vedic god Rudra, and both Shiva and Rudra are viewed as the same personality in Hindu scriptures. The two names are used synonymously. Rudra, the god of the roaring storm, is usually portrayed in accordance with the element he represents as a fierce, destructive deity.

The oldest surviving text of Hinduism is the Rig Veda, which is dated to between 1700 and 1100 BC based on linguistic and philological evidence. A god named Rudra is mentioned in the Rig Veda. The name Rudra is still used as a name for Shiva. In RV 2.33, he is described as the "Father of the Rudras", a group of storm gods.

The hymn 10.92 of the Rigveda states that deity Rudra has two natures, one wild and cruel (Rudra), another that is kind and tranquil (Shiva). The Vedic texts do not mention bull or any animal as the transport vehicle ("vahana") of Rudra or other deities. However, post-Vedic texts such as the Mahabharata and the Puranas state the Nandi bull, the Indian zebu, in particular, as the vehicle of Rudra and of Shiva, thereby unmistakably linking them as same.

Rudra and Agni have a close relationship. The identification between Agni and Rudra in the Vedic literature was an important factor in the process of Rudra's gradual development into the later character as Rudra-Shiva. The identification of Agni with Rudra is explicitly noted in the "Nirukta", an important early text on etymology, which says, "Agni is also called Rudra." The interconnections between the two deities are complex, and according to Stella Kramrisch:The fire myth of "Rudra-Śiva" plays on the whole gamut of fire, valuing all its potentialities and phases, from conflagration to illumination.In the "Śatarudrīya", some epithets of Rudra, such as "Sasipañjara" ("Of golden red hue as of flame") and "Tivaṣīmati" ("Flaming bright"), suggest a fusing of the two deities. Agni is said to be a bull, and Lord Shiva possesses a bull as his vehicle, Nandi. The horns of Agni, who is sometimes characterized as a bull, are mentioned. In medieval sculpture, both Agni and the form of Shiva known as Bhairava have flaming hair as a special feature.

Vima Kadphises with ithyphallic Shiva.
Coin of the Kushan Empire (1st-century BCE to 2nd-century CE). The right image has been interpreted as Shiva with trident and bull.

According to Wendy Doniger, the Puranic Shiva is a continuation of the Vedic Indra. Doniger gives several reasons for her hypothesis. Both are associated with mountains, rivers, male fertility, fierceness, fearlessness, warfare, the transgression of established mores, the Aum sound, the Supreme Self. In the Rig Veda the term 'śiva' is used to refer to Indra. (2.20.3, 6.45.17, and 8.93.3.) Indra, like Shiva, is likened to a bull. In the Rig Veda, Rudra is the father of the Maruts, but he is never associated with their warlike exploits as is Indra.

The Vedic beliefs and practices of the pre-classical era were closely related to the hypothesised Proto-Indo-European religion, and the pre-Islamic Indo-Iranian religion. The earliest iconic artworks of Shiva may be from Gandhara and northwest parts of ancient India. There is some uncertainty as the artwork that has survived is damaged and they show some overlap with meditative Buddha-related artwork, but the presence of Shiva's trident and phallic symbolism in this art suggests it was likely Shiva. Numismatics research suggests that numerous coins of the ancient Kushan Empire that have survived, were images of a god who is probably Shiva. The Shiva in Kushan coins is referred to as Oesho of unclear etymology and origins, but the simultaneous presence of Indra and Shiva in the Kushan era artwork suggest that they were revered deities by the start of the Kushan Empire.

The texts and artwork of Jainism show Indra as a dancer, although not identical generally resembling the dancing Shiva artwork found in Hinduism, particularly in their respective mudras. For example, in the Jain caves at Ellora, extensive carvings show dancing Indra next to the images of Tirthankaras in a manner similar to Shiva Nataraja. The similarities in the dance iconography suggests that there may be a link between ancient Indra and Shiva.

Rudra's evolution from a minor Vedic deity to a supreme being is first evidenced in the "Shvetashvatara Upanishad" (400–200 BC), according to Gavin Flood. Prior to it, the Upanishadic literature is monistic, and the "Shvetashvatara" text presents the earliest seeds of theistic devotion to Rudra-Shiva. Here Rudra-Shiva is identified as the creator of the cosmos and liberator of souls from the birth-rebirth cycle. The period of 200 BC to 100 AD also marks the beginning of the Shaiva tradition focused on the worship of Shiva as evidenced in other literature of this period. Shaiva devotees and ascetics are mentioned in Patanjali's "Mahābhāṣya" (2nd-century BC) and in the "Mahabharata". Other scholars such as Robert Hume and Doris Srinivasan state that the "Shvetashvatara Upanishad" presents pluralism, pantheism, or henotheism, rather than being a text just on Shiva theism.

Self-realization and Shaiva Upanishads

He who sees himself in all beings,

And all beings in him,

attains the highest Brahman,

not by any other means.

The Shaiva Upanishads are a group of 14 minor Upanishads of Hinduism variously dated from the last centuries of the 1st millennium BCE through the 17th century. These extol Shiva as the metaphysical unchanging reality Brahman and the Atman (soul, self), and include sections about rites and symbolisms related to Shiva.

A few texts such as "Atharvashiras Upanishad" mention Rudra, and assert all gods are Rudra, everyone and everything is Rudra, and Rudra is the principle found in all things, their highest goal, the innermost essence of all reality that is visible or invisible. The "Kaivalya Upanishad" similarly, states Paul Deussen – a German Indologist and professor of philosophy, describes the self-realized man as who "feels himself only as the one divine essence that lives in all", who feels identity of his and everyone's consciousness with Shiva (highest Atman), who has found this highest Atman within, in the depths of his heart.

The Shaiva Puranas, particularly the Shiva Purana and the Linga Purana, present the various aspects of Shiva, mythologies, cosmology and pilgrimage ("Tirtha") associated with him. The Shiva-related Tantra literature, composed between the 8th and 11th centuries, are regarded in devotional dualistic Shaivism as Sruti. Dualistic Shaiva Agamas which consider soul within each living being and Shiva as two separate realities (dualism, "dvaita"), are the foundational texts for Shaiva Siddhanta. Other Shaiva Agamas teach that these are one reality (monism, "advaita"), and that Shiva is the soul, the perfection and truth within each living being. In Shiva related sub-traditions, there are ten dualistic Agama texts, eighteen qualified monism-cum-dualism Agama texts and sixty-four monism Agama texts.

Shiva-related literature developed extensively across India in the 1st millennium CE and through the 13th century, particularly in Kashmir and Tamil Shaiva traditions. The monist Shiva literature posit absolute oneness, that is Shiva is within every man and woman, Shiva is within every living being, Shiva is present everywhere in the world including all non-living being, and there is no spiritual difference between life, matter, man and Shiva. The various dualistic and monist Shiva-related ideas were welcomed in medieval southeast Asia, inspiring numerous Shiva-related temples, artwork and texts in Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand and Malaysia, with syncretic integration of local pre-existing theologies.

See also: Roots of Hinduism

The figure of Shiva as we know him today may be an amalgamation of various older deities into a single figure. How the persona of Shiva converged as a composite deity is not understood, a challenge to trace and has attracted much speculation. According to Vijay Nath, for example:Vishnu and Siva [...] began to absorb countless local cults and deities within their folds. The latter were either taken to represent the multiple facets of the same god or else were supposed to denote different forms and appellations by which the god came to be known and worshipped. [...] Siva became identified with countless local cults by the sheer suffixing of "Isa" or "Isvara" to the name of the local deity, e.g., Bhutesvara, Hatakesvara, Chandesvara."An example of assimilation took place in Maharashtra, where a regional deity named Khandoba is a patron deity of farming and herding castes. The foremost center of worship of Khandoba in Maharashtra is in Jejuri. Khandoba has been assimilated as a form of Shiva himself, in which case he is worshipped in the form of a lingam. Khandoba's varied associations also include an identification with Surya and Karttikeya.

Lingodbhava is a Shaiva sectarian icon where Shiva is depicted rising from the Lingam (an infinite fiery pillar) that narrates how Shiva is the foremost of the Trimurti; Brahma and Vishnu are depicted bowing to Lingodbhava Shiva in the centre.

Main articles: Shaivism and History of Shaivism

Shaivism is one of the four major sects of Hinduism, the others being Vaishnavism, Shaktism and the Smarta Tradition. Followers of Shaivism, called "Shaivas", revere Shiva as the Supreme Being. Shaivas believe that Shiva is All and in all, the creator, preserver, destroyer, revealer and concealer of all that is. He is not only the creator in Shaivism, but he is also the creation that results from him, he is everything and everywhere. Shiva is the primal soul, the pure consciousness and Absolute Reality in the Shaiva traditions.

The Shaivism theology is broadly grouped into two: the popular theology influenced by Shiva-Rudra in the Vedas, Epics and the Puranas; and the esoteric theology influenced by the Shiva and Shakti-related Tantra texts. The Vedic-Brahmanic Shiva theology includes both monist ("Advaita") and devotional traditions ("Dvaita") such as Tamil Shaiva Siddhanta and Lingayatism with temples featuring items such as linga, Shiva-Parvati iconography, bull Nandi within the premises, relief artwork showing mythologies and aspects of Shiva.

The Tantric Shiva tradition ignored the mythologies and Puranas related to Shiva, and depending on the sub-school developed a variety of practices. For example, historical records suggest the tantric Kapalikas (literally, the 'skull-men') co-existed with and shared many Vajrayana Buddhist rituals, engaged in esoteric practices that revered Shiva and Shakti wearing skulls, begged with empty skulls, used meat, alcohol, and sexuality as a part of ritual. In contrast, the esoteric tradition within Kashmir Shaivism has featured the "Krama" and "Trika" sub-traditions. The Krama sub-tradition focussed on esoteric rituals around Shiva-Kali pair. The Trika sub-tradition developed a theology of triads involving Shiva, combined it with an ascetic lifestyle focusing on personal Shiva in the pursuit of monistic self liberation.

The Vaishnava (Vishnu-oriented) literature acknowledges and discusses Shiva. Like Shaiva literature that presents Shiva as supreme, the Vaishnava literature presents Vishnu as supreme. However, both traditions are pluralistic and revere both Shiva and Vishnu (along with Devi), their texts do not show exclusivism, and Vaishnava texts such as the "Bhagavata Purana" while praising Krishna as the Ultimate Reality, also present Shiva and Shakti as a personalized form an equivalent to the same Ultimate Reality. The texts of Shaivism tradition similarly praise Vishnu. The Skanda Purana, for example, states:Vishnu is no one but Shiva, and he who is called Shiva is but identical with Vishnu.

— Mythologies of both traditions include legends about who is superior, about Shiva paying homage to Vishnu, and Vishnu paying homage to Shiva. However, in texts and artwork of either tradition, the mutual salutes are symbolism for complementarity. The Mahabharata declares the unchanging Ultimate Reality (Brahman) to be identical to Shiva and to Vishnu, that Vishnu is the highest manifestation of Shiva, and Shiva is the highest manifestation of Vishnu.

Ardhanarishvara sculpture, Khajuraho, depicting Shiva with goddess Parvati as his equal half. In the Ardhanarisvara concept, the icon is presented as half-man and half woman.
The goddess-oriented Shakti tradition of Hinduism is based on the premise that the Supreme Principle and the Ultimate Reality called Brahman is female (Devi), but it treats the male as her equal and complementary partner. This partner is Shiva.

The earliest evidence of the tradition of reverence for the feminine with Rudra-Shiva context, is found in the Hindu scripture "Rigveda", in a hymn called the Devi Sukta:3. I am ruler, assembler of goods, observer foremost among those deserving the sacrifice.

Me have the gods distributed in many places—so that I have many stations and cause many things to enter (me).

4. Through me he eats food—whoever sees, whoever breathes, whoever hears what is spoken.

Without thinking about it, they live on me. Listen, o you who are listened to: it’s a trustworthy thing I tell you.

5. Just I myself say this, savored by gods and men:

"Whom I love, just him I make formidable, him a formulator, him a seer,

him of good wisdom".

6. I stretch the bow for Rudra, for his arrow to smash the hater of the

sacred formulation.

I make combat for the people. I have entered Heaven and Earth.

7. I give birth to Father (Heaven) on his (own) head [Agni]; my womb is in the waters, in the sea.

Thence I spread forth across all worlds, and yonder heaven with its height I touch.

8. I, just like the wind, blow forth, grasping at all worlds,

beyond heaven, beyond this earth here—of such size in my greatness

have I come into being.

— The "Devi Upanishad" in its explanation of the theology of Shaktism, mentions and praises Shiva such as in its verse 19. Shiva, along with Vishnu, is a revered god in the "Devi Mahatmya", a text of Shaktism considered by the tradition to be as important as the "Bhagavad Gita". The Ardhanarisvara concept co-mingles god Shiva and goddess Shakti by presenting an icon that is half-man and half woman, a representation and theme of union found in many Hindu texts and temples.

Main article: Panchayatana puja
Oleograph by Raja Ravi Varma depicting a Shiva-centric Panchayatana. A bearded Shiva sits in the centre with his wife Parvati and their infant son Ganesha; surrounded by (clockwise from left upper corner) Ganesha, Devi, Vishnu, and Surya. Shiva's mount is the bull Nandi below Shiva.
In the Smarta tradition of Hinduism, Shiva is a part of its Panchayatana puja. This practice consists of the use of icons or anicons of five deities considered equivalent, set in a quincunx pattern. Shiva is one of the five deities, others being Vishnu, Devi (such as Parvati), Surya and Ganesha or Skanda or any personal god of devotee's preference (Ishta Devata).

Philosophically, the Smarta tradition emphasizes that all idols (murti) are icons to help focus on and visualize aspects of Brahman, rather than distinct beings. The ultimate goal in this practice is to transition past the use of icons, recognize the Absolute symbolized by the icons, on the path to realizing the nondual identity of one's Atman (soul, self) and the Brahman. Popularized by Adi Shankara, many Panchayatana mandalas and temples have been uncovered that are from the Gupta Empire period, and one Panchayatana set from the village of Nand (about 24 kilometers from Ajmer) has been dated to belong to the Kushan Empire era (pre-300 CE). The Kushan period set includes Shiva, Vishnu, Surya, Brahma and one deity whose identity is unclear.

Adiyogi Shiva statue, recognized by the "Guinness World Records" as the "Largest Bust Sculpture” in the world; the statue is for inspiring and promoting yoga, and is named "Adiyogi", which means "the first yogi", because Shiva is known as the originator of yoga.

Shiva is considered the Great Yogi who is totally absorbed in himself – the transcendental reality. He is the Lord of Yogis, and the teacher of Yoga to sages. As Shiva Dakshinamurthi, states Stella Kramrisch, he is the supreme guru who "teaches in silence the oneness of one's innermost self ("atman") with the ultimate reality ("brahman")."

The theory and practice of Yoga, in different styles, has been a part of all major traditions of Hinduism, and Shiva has been the patron or spokesperson in numerous Hindu Yoga texts. These contain the philosophy and techniques for Yoga. These ideas are estimated to be from or after the late centuries of the 1st millennium CE, and have survived as Yoga texts such as the "Isvara Gita" (literally, 'Shiva's song'), which Andrew Nicholson – a professor of Hinduism and Indian Intellectual History – states have had "a profound and lasting influence on the development of Hinduism".

Other famed Shiva-related texts influenced Hatha Yoga, integrated monistic ("Advaita Vedanta") ideas with Yoga philosophy and inspired the theoretical development of Indian classical dance. These include the "Shiva Sutras", the "Shiva Samhita", and those by the scholars of Kashmir Shaivism such as the 10th-century scholar Abhinavagupta. Abhinavagupta writes in his notes on the relevance of ideas related to Shiva and Yoga, by stating that "people, occupied as they are with their own affairs, normally do nothing for others", and Shiva and Yoga spirituality helps one look beyond, understand interconnectedness, and thus benefit both the individual and the world towards a more blissful state of existence.

Main article: Trimurti
An art depiction of the Trimurti, with Shiva depicted on the right, at the Hoysaleswara temple in Halebidu.
The Trimurti is a concept in Hinduism in which the cosmic functions of creation, maintenance, and destruction are personified by the forms of Brahma the creator, Vishnu the maintainer or preserver and Shiva the destroyer or transformer. These three deities have been called "the Hindu triad" or the "Great Trinity". However, the ancient and medieval texts of Hinduism feature many triads of gods and goddesses, some of which do not include Shiva.

Shiva with Parvati. Shiva is depicted three-eyed, the Ganges flowing through his matted hair, wearing ornaments of serpents and a skull garland, covered in ashes, and seated on a tiger skin
A seated Shiva holds an axe and deer in his hands.


According to Gavin Flood, "Shiva is a god of ambiguity and paradox," whose attributes include opposing themes. The ambivalent nature of this deity is apparent in some of his names and the stories told about him.

Shiva is represented in his many aspects. Left: Bhairava icon of the fierce form of Shiva, from 17th/18th century Nepal; Right: Shiva as a meditating yogi in Rishikesh.

In Yajurveda, two contrary sets of attributes for both malignant or terrifying (Sanskrit: 'rudra') and benign or auspicious (Sanskrit: 'śiva') forms can be found, leading Chakravarti to conclude that "all the basic elements which created the complex Rudra-Śiva sect of later ages are to be found here". In the Mahabharata, Shiva is depicted as "the standard of invincibility, might, and terror", as well as a figure of honor, delight, and brilliance.

The duality of Shiva's fearful and auspicious attributes appears in contrasted names. The name Rudra reflects Shiva's fearsome aspects. According to traditional etymologies, the Sanskrit name "Rudra" is derived from the root "rud-", which means "to cry, howl". Stella Kramrisch notes a different etymology connected with the adjectival form "raudra", which means "wild, of "rudra" nature", and translates the name "Rudra" as "the wild one" or "the fierce god". R. K. Sharma follows this alternate etymology and translates the name as "terrible". Hara is an important name that occurs three times in the Anushasanaparvan version of the "Shiva sahasranama", where it is translated in different ways each time it occurs, following a commentorial tradition of not repeating an interpretation. Sharma translates the three as "one who captivates", "one who consolidates", and "one who destroys". Kramrisch translates it as "the ravisher". Another of Shiva's fearsome forms is as "Kāla" "time" and "Mahākāla" "great time", which ultimately destroys all things. The name "Kāla" appears in the "Shiva Sahasranama", where it is translated by Ram Karan Sharma as "(the Supreme Lord of) Time". Bhairava "terrible" or "frightful" is a fierce form associated with annihilation. In contrast, the name "Śaṇkara", "beneficent" or "conferring happiness" reflects his benign form. This name was adopted by the great Vedanta philosopher Adi Shankara (c. 788–820), who is also known as Shankaracharya. The name "Śambhu" (Sanskrit: शम्भु swam-on its own; bhu-burn/shine) "self-shining/ shining on its own", also reflects this benign aspect.

Shiva is depicted both as an ascetic yogi, and as a householder with goddess Parvati.
Shiva is depicted as both an ascetic yogi and as a householder (grihasta), roles which have been traditionally mutually exclusive in Hindu society. When depicted as a yogi, he may be shown sitting and meditating. His epithet Mahāyogi ("the great Yogi: 'Mahā' = "great", "Yogi" = "one who practices Yoga") refers to his association with yoga. While Vedic religion was conceived mainly in terms of sacrifice, it was during the Epic period that the concepts of tapas, yoga, and asceticism became more important, and the depiction of Shiva as an ascetic sitting in philosophical isolation reflects these later concepts.

As a family man and householder, he has a wife, Parvati and two sons, Ganesha and Kartikeya. His epithet "Umāpati" ("The husband of "Umā"") refers to this idea, and Sharma notes that two other variants of this name that mean the same thing, "Umākānta" and "Umādhava", also appear in the "sahasranama". "Umā" in epic literature is known by many names, including the benign "Pārvatī". She is identified with Devi, the Divine Mother; Shakti (divine energy) as well as goddesses like Tripura Sundari, Durga, Kali, Kamakshi and Minakshi. The consorts of Shiva are the source of his creative energy. They represent the dynamic extension of Shiva onto this universe. His son Ganesha is worshipped throughout India and Nepal as the Remover of Obstacles, Lord of Beginnings and Lord of Obstacles. Kartikeya is worshipped in South India (especially in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka) by the names Subrahmanya, Subrahmanyan, Shanmughan, Swaminathan and Murugan, and in Northern India by the names Skanda, Kumara, or Karttikeya.

Some regional deities are also identified as Shiva's children. As one story goes, Shiva is enticed by the beauty and charm of Mohini, Vishnu's female avatar, and procreates with her. As a result of this union, Shasta – identified with regional deities Ayyappan and Aiyanar – is born. In outskirts of Ernakulam in Kerala, a deity named Vishnumaya is stated to be offspring of Shiva and invoked in local exorcism rites, but this deity is not traceable in Hindu pantheon and is possibly a local tradition with "vaguely Chinese" style rituals, states Saletore. In some traditions, Shiva has daughters like the serpent-goddess Manasa and Ashokasundari. According to Doniger, two regional stories depict demons Andhaka and Jalandhara as the children of Shiva who war with him, and are later destroyed by Shiva.

Chola dynasty statue depicting Shiva dancing as Nataraja (Los Angeles County Museum of Art).
The depiction of Shiva as Nataraja (Sanskrit: 'naṭarāja', "Lord of Dance") is popular. The names Nartaka ("dancer") and Nityanarta ("eternal dancer") appear in the Shiva Sahasranama. His association with dance and also with music is prominent in the Puranic period. In addition to the specific iconographic form known as Nataraja, various other types of dancing forms (Sanskrit: 'nṛtyamūrti') are found in all parts of India, with many well-defined varieties in Tamil Nadu in particular. The two most common forms of the dance are the Tandava, which later came to denote the powerful and masculine dance as Kala-Mahakala associated with the destruction of the world. When it requires the world or universe to be destroyed, Shiva does it by the Tandava, and Lasya, which is graceful and delicate and expresses emotions on a gentle level and is considered the feminine dance attributed to the goddess Parvati. "Lasya" is regarded as the female counterpart of "Tandava". The "Tandava"-"Lasya" dances are associated with the destruction-creation of the world.

Dakshinamurthy "("Dakṣiṇāmūrti")" literally describes a form ('mūrti') of Shiva facing south ('dakṣiṇa'). This form represents Shiva in his aspect as a teacher of yoga, music, and wisdom and giving exposition on the "shastras". This iconographic form for depicting Shiva in Indian art is mostly from Tamil Nadu. Elements of this motif can include Shiva seated upon a deer-throne and surrounded by sages who are receiving his instruction.

An iconographic representation of Shiva called Ardhanarishvara ('Ardhanārīśvara') shows him with one half of the body as male and the other half as female. According to Ellen Goldberg, the traditional Sanskrit name for this form is best translated as "the lord who is half woman", not as "half-man, half-woman".

Shiva is often depicted as an archer in the act of destroying the triple fortresses, "Tripura", of the Asuras. Shiva's name Tripurantaka ('Tripurāntaka'), "ender of Tripura", refers to this important story.
Shiva Lingam with tripundra.

Main article: Lingam

Apart from anthropomorphic images of Shiva, he is also represented in aniconic form of a lingam. These are depicted in various designs. One common form is the shape of a vertical rounded column in the centre of a lipped, disk-shaped object, the "yoni", symbolism for the goddess Shakti. In Shiva temples, the "linga" is typically present in its sanctum sanctorum and is the focus of votary offerings such as milk, water, flower petals, fruit, fresh leaves, and rice. According to Monier Williams and Yudit Greenberg, "linga" literally means 'mark, sign or emblem', and also refers to a "mark or sign from which the existence of something else can be reliably inferred". It implies the regenerative divine energy innate in nature, symbolized by Shiva. Some scholars, such as Wendy Doniger, view "linga" merely as an erotic phallic symbol, although this interpretation is criticized by others, including Swami Vivekananda, Sivananda Saraswati, and S. N. Balagangadhara. According to Moriz Winternitz, the "linga" in the Shiva tradition is "only a symbol of the productive and creative principle of nature as embodied in Shiva", and it has no historical trace in any obscene phallic cult.

The worship of the lingam originated from the famous hymn in the "Atharva-Veda Samhitâ" sung in praise of the "Yupa-Stambha", the sacrificial post. In that hymn, a description is found of the beginningless and endless "Stambha" or "Skambha", and it is shown that the said "Skambha" is put in place of the eternal Brahman. Just as the Yajna (sacrificial) fire, its smoke, ashes, and flames, the "Soma" plant, and the ox that used to carry on its back the wood for the Vedic sacrifice gave place to the conceptions of the brightness of Shiva's body, his tawny matted hair, his blue throat, and the riding on the bull of the Shiva, the "Yupa-Skambha" gave place in time to the "Shiva-Linga". In the text "Linga Purana", the same hymn is expanded in the shape of stories, meant to establish the glory of the great Stambha and the superiority of Shiva as Mahadeva.

The oldest known archaeological "linga" as an icon of Shiva is the Gudimallam lingam from 3rd-century BCE. In Shaivism pilgrimage tradition, twelve major temples of Shiva are called Jyotirlinga, which means "linga of light", and these are located across India.

The 10th century five headed Shiva, Sadashiva, Cambodia.
Five is a sacred number for Shiva. One of his most important mantras has five syllables ("namaḥ śivāya").

Shiva's body is said to consist of five mantras, called the "pañcabrahmans". As forms of God, each of these have their own names and distinct iconography:

These are represented as the five faces of Shiva and are associated in various texts with the five elements, the five senses, the five organs of perception, and the five organs of action. Doctrinal differences and, possibly, errors in transmission, have resulted in some differences between texts in details of how these five forms are linked with various attributes. The overall meaning of these associations is summarized by Stella Kramrisch:Through these transcendent categories, Śiva, the ultimate reality, becomes the efficient and material cause of all that exists.According to the "Pañcabrahma Upanishad":One should know all things of the phenomenal world as of a fivefold character, for the reason that the eternal verity of "Śiva" is of the character of the fivefold Brahman. ("Pañcabrahma Upanishad" 31)

Puranic scriptures contain occasional references to "ansh" – literally 'portion, or avatars of Shiva', but the idea of Shiva avatars is not universally accepted in Saivism. The Linga Purana mentions twenty-eight forms of Shiva which are sometimes seen as avatars, however such mention is unusual and the avatars of Shiva is relatively rare in Shaivism compared to the well emphasized concept of Vishnu avatars in Vaishnavism. Some Vaishnava literature reverentially link Shiva to characters in its mythologies. For example, in the "Hanuman Chalisa", Hanuman is identified as the eleventh avatar of Shiva. The "Bhagavata Purana" and the "Vishnu Purana" claim sage Durvasa to be a portion of Shiva. Some medieval era writers have called the Advaita Vedanta philosopher Adi Shankara an incarnation of Shiva.

Main article: Maha Shivaratri

Maha Sivaratri festival is observed in the night, usually in lighted temples or special "prabha" (above).

There is a "Shivaratri" in every lunar month on its 13th night/14th day, but once a year in late winter (February/March) and before the arrival of spring, marks "Maha Shivaratri" which means "the Great Night of Shiva".

Maha Shivaratri is a major Hindu festival, but one that is solemn and theologically marks a remembrance of "overcoming darkness and ignorance" in life and the world, and meditation about the polarities of existence, of Shiva and a devotion to humankind. It is observed by reciting Shiva-related poems, chanting prayers, remembering Shiva, fasting, doing Yoga and meditating on ethics and virtues such as self-restraint, honesty, noninjury to others, forgiveness, introspection, self-repentance and the discovery of Shiva. The ardent devotees keep awake all night. Others visit one of the Shiva temples or go on pilgrimage to Jyotirlingam shrines. Those who visit temples, offer milk, fruits, flowers, fresh leaves and sweets to the lingam. Some communities organize special dance events, to mark Shiva as the lord of dance, with individual and group performances. According to Jones and Ryan, Maha Sivaratri is an ancient Hindu festival which probably originated around the 5th-century.

Another major festival involving Shiva worship is Kartik Purnima, commemorating Shiva's victory on the demons Tripurasura. Across India, various Shiva temples are illuminated throughout the night. Shiva icons are carried in procession in some places.

Thiruvathira is a festival observed in Kerala dedicated to Shiva. It is believed that on this day, Parvathi met Lord Shiva after her long penance and Lord Shiva took her as his wife. On this day Hindu women performs the Thiruvathirakali accompanied by Thiruvathira paattu (folk songs about Parvati and her longing and penance for Lord Shiva's affection).

Regional festivals dedicated to Shiva include the Chittirai festival in Madurai around April/May, one of the largest festivals in South India, celebrating the wedding of Minakshi (Parvati) and Shiva. The festival is one where both the Vaishnava and Shaiva communities join the celebrations, because Vishnu gives away his sister Minakshi in marriage to Shiva.

Some Shaktism-related festivals revere Shiva along with the goddess considered primary and Supreme. These include festivals dedicated to Annapurna such as "Annakuta" and those related to Durga. In Himalayan regions such as Nepal, as well as in northern, central and western India, the festival of Teej is celebrated by girls and women in the monsoon season, in honor of goddess Parvati, with group singing, dancing and by offering prayers in Parvati-Shiva temples.

The ascetic, Vedic and Tantric sub-traditions related to Shiva, such as those that became ascetic warriors during the Islamic rule period of India, celebrate the Kumbha Mela festival. This festival cycles every 12 years, in four pilgrimage sites within India, with the event moving to the next site after a gap of three years. The biggest is in Prayaga (renamed Allahabad during the Mughal rule era), where millions of Hindus of different traditions gather at the confluence of rivers Ganges and Yamuna. In the Hindu tradition, the Shiva-linked ascetic warriors ("Nagas") get the honor of starting the event by entering the "Sangam" first for bathing and prayers.

Shiva has been adopted and merged with Buddhist deities. Left: Daikokuten is a Shiva-Ōkuninushi fusion deity in Japan; Right: Acala is a fierce Shiva adaptation.
The statue of Shiva engaging in the Nataraja dance at the campus of European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) in Geneva, Switzerland.
In Shaivism of Indonesia, the popular name for Shiva has been "Batara Guru", which is derived from Sanskrit "Bhattaraka" which means "noble lord". He is conceptualized as a kind spiritual teacher, the first of all Gurus in Indonesian Hindu texts, mirroring the Dakshinamurti aspect of Shiva in the Indian subcontinent. However, the Batara Guru has more aspects than the Indian Shiva, as the Indonesian Hindus blended their spirits and heroes with him. Batara Guru's wife in southeast Asia is the same Hindu deity Durga, who has been popular since ancient times, and she too has a complex character with benevolent and fierce manifestations, each visualized with different names such as Uma, Sri, Kali and others. Shiva has been called Sadasiva, Paramasiva, Mahadeva in benevolent forms, and Kala, Bhairava, Mahakala in his fierce forms. The Indonesian Hindu texts present the same philosophical diversity of Shaivism traditions found on the subcontinent. However, among the texts that have survived into the contemporary era, the more common are of those of Shaiva Siddhanta (locally also called Siwa Siddhanta, Sridanta).

In the pre-Islamic period on the island of Java, Shaivism and Buddhism were considered very close and allied religions, though not identical religions. The medieval era Indonesian literature equates Buddha with Siwa (Shiva) and Janardana (Vishnu). This tradition continues in predominantly Hindu Bali Indonesia in the modern era, where Buddha is considered the younger brother of Shiva.

The worship of Shiva became popular in Central Asia through the Hephthalite Empire, and Kushan Empire. Shaivism was also popular in Sogdia and the Kingdom of Yutian as found from the wall painting from Penjikent on the river Zervashan. In this depiction, Shiva is portrayed with a sacred halo and a sacred thread ("Yajnopavita"). He is clad in tiger skin while his attendants are wearing Sogdian dress. A panel from Dandan Oilik shows Shiva in His Trimurti form with Shakti kneeling on her right thigh. Another site in the Taklamakan Desert depicts him with four legs, seated cross-legged on a cushioned seat supported by two bulls. It is also noted that Zoroastrian wind god Vayu-Vata took on the iconographic appearance of Shiva.

Daikokuten, one of the Seven Lucky Gods in Japan, is considered to be evolved from Shiva. The god enjoys an exalted position as a household deity in Japan and is worshipped as the god of wealth and fortune. The name is the Japanese equivalent of Mahākāla, the Buddhist name for Shiva. Shiva is also mentioned in Buddhist Tantra. Shiva as "Upaya" and Shakti as "Prajna". In cosmologies of Buddhist tantra, Shiva is depicted as passive, with Shakti being his active counterpart. In Mahayana Buddhist cosmology, Shiva resides in Akaniṣṭha, highest of Śuddhāvāsa (Pure Abodes) where Anāgāmi ("Non-returners") who are already on the path to Arhat-hood and who will attain enlightenment are born in.

The Japuji Sahib of the Guru Granth Sahib says, "The Guru is Shiva, the Guru is Vishnu and Brahma; the Guru is Paarvati and Lakhshmi." In the same chapter, it also says, "Shiva speaks, and the Siddhas listen." In Dasam Granth, Guru Gobind Singh has mentioned two avtars of Rudra: Dattatreya Avtar and Parasnath Avtar.

Sagar Shiv Mandir in Mauritius
In contemporary culture, Shiva is depicted in films, books, tattoos and art. He has been referred to as "the god of cool things" and a "bonafide rock hero".

Popular films include the Gujarati language movie "Har Har Mahadev", the Kannada movie "Gange Gowri" and well-known books include Amish Tripathi's "Shiva Trilogy", which has sold over a million copies. On television, "Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev", a television serial about Lord Shiva on the Life OK channel was among the most watched shows at its peak popularity. A 90's television series of DD National titled Om Namah Shivay was also based on legends of Lord Shiva.

In the "Final Fantasy" videogame series, Shiva is often depicted as a benevolent ancient being of Ice Element who frequently aids the heroes against mighty foes (via summoning). Shiva is also a character in the video game "Dark Souls", with the name Shiva of the East.

In Shuumatsu no Valkyrie (Record of Ragnarok), Shiva is the representative of the gods in the 5th round of Ragnarok.

Aarti of Shiva BhaktiSansar.in Viewed on 2020-08-01.

ASCII art

ASCII art is art made out of ASCII characters. This can be simple art like "<3" (it looks almost like a heart if you turn your head sideways), or it can be more complex, with characters carefully placed out, containing many lines of characters. 
ASCII art was originally used to "draw" pictures on computers that only allowed ASCII characters. 
Smilies are considered ASCII art. 

ASCII art was invented because in the past, computers could only display simple characters in a format known as ASCII. This meant that computers could only display text. People started making art with ASCII characters to display an "image". Examples are: 

codice_1 

codice_2 

They can also be more complicated 

Riddle

A riddle can be classed as a statement with a solution. This solution, however, need not be logical. Solving riddles usually involve thinking about the question and putting it into context. 


Novalis

Novalis is the pseudonym of Georg Philipp Friedrich Freiherr von Hardenberg (May 2, 1772 – March 25, 1801), who was a writer and philosopher of the early German Romanticism.

Body piercing

Body piercing or just piercing is a form of body modification, where humans of either gender pierce their skin to put jewellery through the hole later. There are many different reasons some people have piercings, such as religious or other cultural purposes. Many people, especially in North America and Europe, choose to be pierced for ornamental, or sexual pleasure.

In early records, it was not common to discuss the use of piercings or their meanings. However, body adornment and modification are estimated have been around for more than 5000 years, found in mummies like Ötzi the Iceman, Europe's oldest natural mummy estimated to be about 5,300 years old. Piercing of the ears, nose, and tongue have a long history in many ancient cultures, and lip piercing and stretching were more common in African tribes, especially for cultural identification.

Body piercings of any kind were not popular in Western cultures in the beginning of the 20th century. After World War II, the gay subculture used piercings as a fashion statement. Other subcultures, such as "hippie" and the punk movement, also began to use piercings as a form of expression in the 1960s and 1970s. Genital piercing is becoming more common. Sometimes people get genital piercings to create interest or attract attention. Some types of genital piercing are supposed to increase sexual pleasure. For males, one type of penis piercing is called an Ampallang.

Physical

Physical can mean:

Elonka Dunin

Elonka Dunin (; born December 29, 1958) is an American video game developer. Her job is to make computer games at Simutronics Corporation, in Missouri. She also knows a lot about famous puzzles, especially a puzzle called Kryptos, which no one knows all the answers to yet.

In 2006, she wrote a book with hundreds of puzzles in it, called "The Mammoth Book of Secret Codes and Cryptograms".


Supernova

A supernova is the explosion of a giant star. It usually happens when the nuclear fusion in the star cannot hold the core against its own gravity. The core collapses, and then explodes. 

The biggest stars that make supernovae are hypergiants and smaller ones are supergiants. They are massive: because of gravity, they use up their energy very quickly. Normally they only live for a few million years. 

During the explosion, the total energy radiated by supernovae may briefly outshine the entire output of a galaxy. They emit energy equal to that of the whole lifetime of a solar-like star. The explosion blows off its stellar material away from the star, at velocities up to 30,000 km/s or 10% of the speed of light. This drives a shock wave into the surrounding interstellar medium. This sweeps up an expanding shell of gas and dust, which we see as a supernova remnant. After exploding, what is left becomes a black hole or a neutron star. 

Most stars are small and do not explode. After their red giant phase, they become colder and smaller and become white dwarf stars.

Supernova explosions happen rarely. The last time people saw a supernova in our own galaxy, the Milky Way, was in the year 1604. We can see supernovas in other galaxies too. Every year we see 300 supernovas in other galaxies, because there are so many galaxies. Sometimes they are brighter than the whole rest of the galaxy.

Supernovas are usually sorted into Type I and Type II supernovas.

Type I supernovas have absorption lines that show they do not have hydrogen in them. Type Ia supernovas are very bright for a short amount of time. Then they get less bright very quickly. Type Ia supernovas happen when a white dwarf star is orbiting a big star. Sometimes, the white dwarf star sucks matter off of the big star. When the white dwarf eventually gets to be about 1.4 times the mass of the sun, it collapses. This makes lots of energy and light, which is why supernovas are very bright. Type 1a have mostly the same brightness. This allows them to be used as a secondary standard candle to measure the distance to their host galaxies.

Type II supernovas have absorption lines that show they do have hydrogen in them. A star must have at least 8 times, and no more than 40–50 times, the mass of the Sun to undergo this type of explosion.

In a star like the Sun, nuclear fusion turns hydrogen into helium. In very large stars, helium gets turned into carbon, then oxygen, and so on. The star fuses increasingly higher mass elements, up through the periodic table until a core of iron and nickel is produced. Fusion of iron or nickel produces no net energy output, so no more fusion can take place. When the energy released from the fusion process fades it cannot counteract gravitational collapse. The collapse of the core is so rapid (about 23% of the speed of light) that a huge shock wave is produced. The extremely high temperature and pressure lasts long enough for a brief moment when the elements heavier than iron are produced. Depending on initial size of the star, the remnants of the core form a neutron star or a black hole.

Without supernovas there would be no life on Earth. This is because many of the chemical elements were made in supernova explosions. These are called "heavy elements". Heavy elements are needed to make living things. The supernova is the only natural way heavy elements can be made. Other elements were made by fusion in stars. Heavy elements need very high temperature and pressure to form. In a macho supernova explosion the temperature and pressure are so high that heavy elements can be made. Scientists call this "supernova nucleosynthesis".

It could be dangerous if a supernova explosion happened very close to the Earth. The explosion is very big and many kinds of dangerous radiation are formed. But we do not have to be afraid. Only very big stars can explode as supernovas. There are no stars big enough near the Earth and if there was it would take millions of years for it to happen.

SN 1572 was seen by Tycho Brahe. This supernova helped astronomers learn that things in space could change. SN 1604 was seen by Johannes Kepler. It was the last supernova close enough to be seen from Earth's northern hemisphere without a telescope. SN 1987A is the only supernova so close that scientists could find neutrinos from it. SN 1987A was also bright enough to see without a telescope. People in the southern hemisphere saw it.

The Earth does have traces of past supernovae. Traces of radioactive iron-60, a strong indicator of supernova debris, is buried in the sea floor right across the globe. 

The "local bubble" is a ballooning region of hot gas, 600 light-years across. It surrounds the Solar System and dominates our stellar neighbourhood. It was formed by over a dozen supernovae blowing up in a nearby moving clump of stars. This happened between 2.3 million and 1.5 million years ago. This roughly corresponds with the start of the Pleistocene ice ages. The connection may be accidental.



Folk

Folk can mean:


In music:

Victorian

Victorian may mean:

Bethlehem

Bethlehem is a Palestinian city on the West Bank. It is most famous as the place where Jesus was born. (See Gospel of Matthew chapter 2.) It is five miles from Jerusalem in Israel.

Disco

Disco is a style of music that was most popular from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s, featuring African-American and Latino musicians and audiences, and in private dance parties thrown in the underground gay community of New York. People usually dance to disco music at bars called disco clubs. The word "disco" is also used to refer to the style of dancing that people do to disco music, or to the style of clothes that people wear to go disco dancing. Disco music was an up-tempo form of music which included elements of soul, funk and Latin music. It had a strong beat meant for dancing, a steady four-on-the-floor rhythm, and a big bass line, and orchestral instrumentation often included string sections. Disco is dance music too.

Disco was at its most popular in the United States and Europe in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Disco was brought into the mainstream by the hit movie "Saturday Night Fever," which was released in 1977. This movie, which starred John Travolta, showed people doing disco dancing. Many radio stations played disco in the late 1970s. By the early 1980s, disco had started to fall out of popularity, and other genres, such as dance, Hi-NRG and post-disco grew in popularity. Nevertheless, disco still exerts an influence on modern day dance music, and still has occasional moments of popularity. Additionally, a different form of disco arose in Europe, known as Euro disco, which obtained some popularity.

Disco music blends R&B with funk, soul and dance music. Disco music usually consists of a singer, electric guitars, synthesizer keyboards, electric bass guitar, and a drummer or electronic drum machine. Disco music is often very simple music, with a strong beat and a strong "bass line". Disco music often has many electronic effects.

Disco dancing is often sexually suggestive. When people go disco dancing, they usually wear tight trousers, leather shoes or boots, and glittery clothes. Women going disco dancing often wore tight clothes that revealed body parts such as their thighs or the upper part of their chest. Men going disco dancing often opened up the buttons of their shirts to show the upper part of their chest.

Disco music is played at disco clubs. In the late 1970s, there were famous disco clubs such as Studio 54 in New York City. Disco clubs have a large dance floor and a large pa system. A Disk Jockey (or "DJ") plays records of disco music through powerful amplifiers with a number of high wattage speakers. Disco music was usually played very loud, with lots of low bass frequencies. Disco clubs usually had coloured lights that flashed with the music called scanners, and mirror balls with hundreds of small mirrors, that reflect light onto the dancers and all corners of the room.

Most people who went disco dancing at disco clubs drank alcohol such as champagne and rum. Many people consumed illegal drugs such as cocaine or marijuana, so that they would become intoxicated. People who went disco dancing often had sex with people that they would meet at the disco club.



Albert II, Prince of Monaco

Albert II (born 14 March 1958), is the current Sovereign Prince of Monaco. He became ruler after his father Prince Ranier III died in April 2005. He is the only son and the middle of three children of Rainer and his wife, Grace Kelly.

Prince Albert and his wife, Charlene, had twins:

On 19 March 2020, amid the large-scale outbreak of COVID-19, it was officially announced that Albert II had tested positive. This made Albert II the first monarch and head of state to have tested positive for COVID-19. On 31 March, it was announced that he had made a full recovery.


<centre></centre>

Rex Warner

Rex Warner (birth name Reginald Ernest Walker; 9 March 1905 – 24 June 1986) was a classical English writer and translator.

Hugh Cook

Hugh Cook (born 1942) is a Canadian writer.


Franz Boas

Franz Boas (July 9, 1858 – December 21, 1942) was a German-born American anthropologist. He is considered by many to have been the 'Father of American Anthropology.' While today archaeology, cultural anthropology, linguistics, and Biological anthropology are often considered somewhat separate areas of study in anthropology, Boas used each of these fields to address research questions.

Boas was born in Prussia, or modern-day Germany, to wealthy, well-educated Jewish parents. In an effort to expose him to the values of the Enlightenment, Boas's parents enrolled in a very strong early education. During his primary school years, Boas explored the field of natural history, and as he moved on to secondary school he conducted research on the natural range of plants.

Franz Boas attended Heidelberg University for one semester, before transferring to Bonn University where he studied mathematics, physics, and geography. He received a doctorate in physics in 1881 from the University of Kiel. Today, Boas' doctorate would be closer to a degree in geography than physics.

Boas continued to study geography and eventually did fieldwork in Baffin Island, Canada with the native Inuit there. He first travelled to Baffin Island in 1883 to study the role of the environment in Inuit migrations. He published his findings in 1888 in "The Central Eskimo"

Boas returned to Germany for a time, but due to rising antisemitism, he decided to move to the United States. He worked as an editor for "Science" and as a teacher of anthropology at Clark University. He left the university in 1892 and shortly after went north to collect field-based material for the 1893 World's Colombian Exposition. After the exposition, the material was given to the Field Museum in Chicago, where Boas became the curator of anthropology. During this time Boas became involved in the Fin de Siècle debates. It was here he argued that anthropology should be different from the natural sciences and how they apply universal laws. He also began the groundwork that would grow into historical particularism: the idea that every aspect of a culture has a unique and relevant history.

Boas eventually settled at the University of Columbia in 1896. There, he created the first PhD program for anthropology in the United States. At Columbia, he taught some of his most famous students, including Alfred Kroeber, Ruth Benedict, Margaret Mead, Edward Sapir, and Zora Neale Hurston.

Franz Boas was censored by the American Anthropological Association (AAA) in December 1919 for a publication he wrote denouncing anthropologists who became involved with the war effort during the First World War. This persisted for the remainder of his life, not being reversed until 2005. He was very critical of Nazism as well as critical of the radical the war effort in the United States. Boas was also involved with combating racism. In 1963 Thomas Gossett claimed that "It is possible that Boas did more to combat race prejudice than any other person in history." Franz Boas died of a stroke on December 21, 1942.  According to legend he died in the arms of none other than Claude Levi-Strauss.

Franz Boas is often credited with the development of 'historical particularism', as well as 'cultural relativism.' Boas was a founding member of the American Anthropology Association (AAA) and served as one of the organization's first vice presidents.

Franz Boas is often credited with the development of several concepts in anthropology including 'historical particularism', 'cultural relativism', and ‘cultural determinism’. He argued culture played a significant role in human behavior and that cultures should be studied on their own terms, considering the specific and unique histories at hand. In general, the school of thought associated with Franz Boas, often referred to as "Boasian anthropology," emphasized the importance of multi-approach, context-based methods to understanding human societies. His theories laid the foundation for modern cultural anthropology. 

Although Boas was commonly known as the “Father of Anthropology” it is also important to recognize that other anthropologists like George Hunt, Zora Neale Hurston, Ella Deloria, Francis La Flesche, and Anténor Firmin either worked with him, did similar work before him, or worked under his guidance and are not equally given the credit of this title.

Zapotec peoples

The Zapotec are a native tribe of people from Mexico. People think there are between 300.000 and 400.000 people. Most of them live in the state of Oaxaca. Most of them speak either Zapotec languages or the Chatino language. Before Christopher Columbus came to America, the Zapotec civilisation was highly developed. It also included a system of writing. 



IMAX

IMAX is a kind of movie projection system, which shows movies on a very large screen. It was first introduced in Japan in 1970.


Esotericism

Esotericism is about secret knowledge for a small group of people. Esotericism also describes mystical, spiritual or occult points of view. Esotericism studies Gnosticism, Yoga, Alchemy, Magic, Spiritualism, Hypnosis, Astrology, Meditation, Mysticism, and Occultism. Many followers of Abrahamic faiths, particularly Christianity and Islam, have criticized Esotericism as black magic. Esotericism in religion is called "obscurantism".

Esotericism can also be about understanding symbolism and hidden meanings of many different books. They include religious books, philosophy books and books about history. They use these books as their texts.


Hugh Cook (science fiction author)

Hugh Walter Gilbert Cook (9 August 1956 – 8 November 2008) was a science fiction author. Cook was born in Essex, England, and moved to New Zealand. He moved to Japan in 1997.

Jainism

Jainism is a religion originated in India.It that teaches that "all the events in the universe are self-caused, random, fixed and are independent of previous events or external causes or god": Jain philosophy is the oldest philosophy of India that distinguishes body (matter) from the soul (awareness) completely. It teaches that the universe is eternal and that every living being has a soul which has the power to become all-knowing (observer of all the random events). A soul which has won over its inner enemies like attachment, greed, pride, etc. is called "jina" which means conqueror or victor (over ignorance). The holy book of Jainism is Pravachansara.


Sect

A sect is a small religious or political group that separates from a larger group. Sects have many of the same beliefs and practices as the original group, but often have some different doctrines. In contrast, a denomination is a large religious group. 


Caracal

The caracal ("Caracal caracal"), also called Persian lynx or African lynx, is a wild cat. Caracals are similar to lynxes, but are more related to the serval. Caracals are the fastest of the small cats.

The Caracal is 65 cm in length (about 2 feet), plus 30 cm tail (about 1 foot). It has longer legs and a look very similar to a lynx. The colour of its fur may be wine-red, grey, black, or sand-coloured (a type of yellow). Young caracals have red spots on the fur, but the only markings adults have are black spots above the eyes. A special part of the caracal body are its long black ears - the word "caracal" come from the Turkish word "karakulak" ("black ear"). Their ears are controlled by 20 different muscles, to help them find the animals they hunt.

Caracals live in Africa and Western Asia. Their habitat is dry steppes (areas without trees, covered with grass or shrubs) and semi-deserts, but also can live in places similar to woodlands, savannas, and scrub forests. They live alone or with a mate in a territory.

A caracal may live without drinking for a long time - they get the water from the body of the animals they eat. It hunts at night (but in winter they also hunt in the daytime) for rodents, birds, and hares. It is not usual, but sometimes they hunt small antelopes or young ostriches. They prefer to eat only the external meat of the mammals they hunt, and do not eat the internal organs, and they also do not like eating fur. But they eat the feathers of small birds and rotten meat.

They can hunt birds very well; a caracal is able to snatch a bird in flight, sometimes more than one at a time. Caracals can jump and climb every well, which enables them to catch hyraxes better than any other carnivore.

Because they can learn tricks and get accustomed to live with humans, caracals are sometimes kept as pets (especially in the United States and some European countries). Farmers in Africa do not like them, because sometimes they enter in farms and eat chickens and other animals. So they make their dog chase the caracal.

It is not easy to see caracals in nature because they hide very well. Drivers in countries where caracals live, for example, Kenya and Botswana, see many animals next to roads, but it is very rare a sighting of a caracal.

There are many species of caracals. See them and where they live:

Eel

Eels are teleost fish. They have long and narrow bodies like snakes. Adult eels can be as short as 10 cm or as long as 3 m. It depends on their species. The large eels can weigh up to 65 kg.

Eels have fewer fins than other fish. They do not have all the belly and chest fins. The back and anal fins are long and usually connected to the tail fin. The fins do not have spines.

The shoulder bones are separate from the skull. The scales have smooth edges or are absent.

Eels hatch from eggs. Baby (larval) eels are flat and transparent (clear). They are called "leptocephalus" (Greek for "thin head"). A young eel is called an elver. For a long time people did not know where eels came from, because baby eels look very different from adults. They thought the babies were a different species.

Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean. They live at the bottom of the ocean, sometimes in holes. Eels in the Anguillidae family come to fresh water to live there. Eels in the Nemichthyidae family swim about 500 m below the ocean surface. Eels in the Synaphobranchidae family live as deep as 4000 m below the surface.

Hand netting (catching with nets) is the only legal way of catching eels in England. It has been done for thousands of years on the River Parrett and River Severn.

Most eels are predators. They hunt their prey.

True eels belong to the order (group) Anguilliformes (Latin for "eel-shaped"). This order has 4 suborders (smaller groups) called "Anguilloidei", "Nemichthyoidei", "Congroidei", and "Synaphobranchoidei".

The suborders are separated into 19 families. The families are divided into 110 genera. The genera are then divided into species. There are 400 species of eels in all.

The term "eel" is also used for other eel-shaped fish, such as electric eels, spiny eels, swamp eels, and deep-sea spiny eels. These other clades, however, evolved their eel-like shapes independently from the true eels. Eels live both in salt water and fresh water and some species are catadromous (they migrate).

Freshwater eels ("unagi") and marine eels (Conger eel, "anago") are used in Japanese food. Eels are used in Cantonese (Hong Kong) food and Shanghai food. Some people eat the European eel and other eels that live in lakes all around the world. A traditional London food is "jellied eels." The Spanish meal, "angulas", consists of deep-fried elvers.
Eel skins are used to make some wallets and purses.

In some classifications, the family Cyematidae of bobtail snipe eels is included in the Anguilliformes, but in the FishBase system that family is included in the order Saccopharyngiformes.

The electric eel of South America is not a true eel, but is a South American knifefish more closely related to the carps and catfishes.

Easter egg

An Easter egg is an egg, eaten and used for decoration during the Easter holidays. The egg was a symbol of the earth to celebrate spring. The oldest tradition is to use painted chicken eggs, but today chocolate eggs wrapped in coloured foil, hand-carved wooden eggs, or plastic eggs filled with confectionery such as chocolate is used. It was used by early Christians as a sign of the resurrection (rising from the dead) of Jesus.

The use of painted and decorated Easter eggs was first recorded in the 13th century. The church did not let people eat eggs during Holy Week, but chickens still laid eggs during that week. Because there was nothing else to do with the eggs, they were used for Easter decoration.

In modern times, chocolate eggs with a colorful wrapping are given to children to be eaten. In the United Kingdom, children receive on average 8.8 chocolate Easter eggs every year. It is unclear where this tradition comes from. Most likely, it comes from a pagan fertility ritual during spring. Sometimes on Easter, children go on egg hunts to look for Easter eggs. They can look for them indoors or outdoors.

An easter egg is also the name of something secret added in computer programs, such as a joke, a picture, or a message that can be uncovered.

Although there have been claims that Easter eggs came from the pagan symbols, there is no solid evidence for this. At the Passover, a hard-boiled egg dipped in salt water is a symbol of both new life and the Passover sacrifice offered at the Temple in Jerusalem. In Christian times, the egg was a symbol of new life just as a chick might hatch from the egg. The Easter egg tradition may have celebrated the end of the privations of Lent. In the Medieval Europe, people were not allowed to eat eggs on fast days. It was traditional to use up all of the eggs that they had before Lent began, and this also made the tradition of Pancake Day. Eggs were viewed as symbols of new life and fertility through the ages. It is believed that for this reason many ancient cultures, including the Ancient Egyptians, Persians, and Romans, used eggs during their spring festivals. In Eastern Christianity, both meat and dairy are still not allowed to be eaten during the fast, and eggs are seen as "dairy" too.

It was during Easter that everybody was trying to get rid of the eggs before the fast. Eggs were given as gifts for children and servants, and used for decoration. And this is probably the reason why eggs came to be associated with Easter.

Lemur

Lemurs are primates and prosimians (not monkeys). The word "lemur" comes from the Latin word "lemures", which means "ghosts". Lemur are divided into eight families, with 15 genera and about 100 living species. However, lemur classification is controversial: it depends on which species concept is used. "Lemur" is also a genus in one of the families. 

Lemurs are native "only" to the island of Madagascar. From there a few species got to smaller islands nearby, for example the Comoros. Madagascar, like Africa and India, was part of the ancient southern continent of Gondwana. 

Lemurs weigh from 30g to the 10kg. Larger species have all become extinct since human groups moved to Madagascar. Usually, the smaller lemurs are active at night (nocturnal), and the larger ones were active during the day (diurnal).

Lemurs are endangered species because people destroy their habitat and used to hunt them, and perhaps still do so.

Ring-tailed lemur, the most studied, are white and black with a ring tail The larger species are about 1.5 meters tall and weigh about 2 to 3.5 kilograms. They move quietly, usually at night, sometimes letting out eerie wailing cries, which some people think is the reason why they got their names.

Lemurs mostly eat fruit, leaves, and other plant parts. They live in family groups of 5 to 42 members which is called a troop. Females are dominant and remain in the same troop for life. Males move between troops. The female's gestation period lasts four to five months, and they usually have one or two babies. Lemur mothers nurse their babies until they are about four months old. Then they begin to feed the babies solid food such as fruit. Lemurs spend most of their time in the trees. Some are great leapers, flinging themselves from tree to tree.

Lemurs communicate with a variety of hoots. They will also send messages with scents (smells). When a male lemur wants to scare another male away, he first rubs its tail on the smelly glands under its arms and then waves the tail in the other male's face. These are called "stink fights".




Good Friday

Good Friday is a religious holiday usually observed by Christians. It is also called Holy Friday, Black Friday, or Great Friday. It is observed to remember the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, his death, and his rising from the dead. The holiday is often at the same time as the Jewish holiday of Passover.

The estimated year of Good Friday is AD 33, by two different groups, and at first as AD 34 by Isaac Newton by the differences between the Biblical and Julian calendars.

According to the Gospels, Jesus was arrested in the Garden of Gethsemane by the Temple Guards. This was done through the help of his disciple Judas Iscariot. Judas received money (30 pieces of silver) () for betraying Jesus. He had told the guards that whomever he kisses was the one they were to arrest. Jesus was brought to the house of Annas. Annas was the father-in-law of the high priest at that time, Caiaphas. There he was questioned. However, it was with little result. Tied up, he was sent to Caiaphas the high priest, where the Sanhedrin had come together ().

Lots of people came and said conflicting things about Jesus to make him look bad. As he heard these, Jesus said nothing. At last, the high priest tells Jesus, "I adjure you, by the Living God, to tell us, are you the Anointed One, the Son of God?" Jesus said yes: "You have said it, and in time you will see the Son of Man seated at the right hand of the Almighty, coming on the clouds of Heaven." The high priest ripped his clothes, crying out that Jesus had blasphemed God. The trial ended with a sentence of death (). While they were questioning Jesus, Peter was waiting in the courtyard. He also said that he did not know Jesus three times to people standing by. According to the Bible, Jesus already knew that Peter would say this.

In the morning, the people brought Jesus to the Roman governor Pontius Pilate. They said he was troubling the nation. They also said he tried to stop people from paying taxes to Caesar, and wanted to make himself a king (). Pilate questioned Jesus. He told the people that Jesus had nothing to be sentenced for. When he learned that Jesus was from Galilee, Pilate said that Jesus should be judged by the ruler of Galilee, King Herod. At that time, Herod was in Jerusalem for the Passover Feast. Herod questioned Jesus, but Jesus did not answer. Herod sent Jesus back to Pilate. Pilate told the people that neither he nor Herod have found Jesus guilty. Pilate wished to have Jesus whipped, then let him go ().

It was a custom during the feast of Passover for the Romans to let one prisoner go free as requested by the Jews. Pilate asked the crowd whom they would like to go free. The crowd asked for Barabbas, another prisoner. He had gone to prison for murdering people. Pilate asked what they would have him do with Jesus. At this, and they demanded, "Crucify him!" (). Pilate's wife warned Pilate to "have nothing to do with this righteous man" (). She had had a dream about him earlier that day.

Pilate had Jesus whipped, then tried to let him go. The chief priests demanded that Jesus be sentenced to death "because he claimed to be God's son." This filled Pilate with fear. He brought Jesus back inside the palace and demanded to know from where he came ().
Coming before the crowd one last time, Pilate declared Jesus innocent. He washed his own hands in water to show he has no part in this. However, Pilate handed Jesus over to be crucified so that the crowd would not get angry () and that he could keep his job.
Jesus carried his cross to "A Place of the Skull", or "Golgotha" in Hebrew. In Latin it is called "Calvary". There he was crucified with two criminals ().

Jesus is hung on the cross for six hours in extreme pain. During his last 3 hours on the cross there is darkness over the whole land (; ; ). At last, Jesus cried, "It is finished". He then "gave up his spirit". There is an earthquake. Tombs break open, and the curtain in the Temple is torn from top to bottom. The centurion on guard at the crucifixion declares, "Truly this was God's Son!" () 

Joseph of Arimathea, a member of the Sanhedrin and secret follower of Jesus, who had not said yes to his death, went to Pilate. He asked for the body of Jesus (). Another secret follower of Jesus and member of the Sanhedrin named Nicodemus brought a mix of spices and helped wrap the body of Christ (). Pilate asked the centurion to make sure that Jesus is dead (). A soldier pierced the side of Jesus, causing blood and water to flow out (). At this, the centurion told Pilate that Jesus was dead ().

Joseph of Arimathea took the body of Jesus, wrapped it in a clean linen shroud, and placed it in his own new tomb that had been carved in the rock (). The tomb was in a garden. Nicodemus () also came bringing 75 pounds of myrrh and aloes, and placed them in the linen with the body of Jesus, according to Jewish burial customs (). They rolled a large rock over the entrance of the tomb (). Then they went back home and rested, because at sunset began Shabbat (). According to the Bible, on the third day, Sunday, which is now known as Easter Sunday (or "Pascha"), Jesus rose from the dead.

Special prayer services are usually held on this day with readings from the Gospel accounts of the events leading up to the crucifixion. Major Christian churches say that Christ's crucifixion was a voluntary act that he did for everyone who believed in him. It is also said that his crucifixion and resurrection on the third day caused death itself to be crushed.



Archaea

The Archaea (or "Archea") are a group of single-celled organisms. The name comes from Greek αρχαία, "old ones". They are a major division of living organisms.

Archaea are tiny, simple organisms. They were originally discovered in extreme environments (extremophiles), but are now thought to be common to more average conditions. Many can survive at very high (over 80 °f) or very low temperatures, or highly salty, acidic or alkaline water. Some have been found in geysers, black smokers, oil wells, and hot vents in the deep ocean. Recent research has found ammonia-eating archaea in soil and seawater.

In the past they had been classed with bacteria as prokaryotes (or Kingdom Monera) and named archaebacteria, but this is a mistake. The Archaea have an independent evolutionary history and show many differences in their biochemistry from other forms of life. They are now classified as a separate domain in the three-domain system. In this system, the three distinct branches of evolutionary descent are the Archaea, Bacteria and Eukaryota.

Archaea are, like bacteria, prokaryotes: single-celled organisms that do not have nuclei and cell organelles of the eukaryote type.

The following table compares some major characteristics of the three domains, to illustrate their similarities and differences. Many of these characteristics are also discussed below.

Interesting facts about archaea:




Jared Diamond

Jared Mason Diamond (born September 10, 1937) is an American author and biologist. His book "Guns, Germs, and Steel" won a Pulitzer Prize in 1997.

Diamond was born in Boston, Massachusetts. His father was a doctor and his mother was a teacher. He received his college degree from Harvard University in 1958, and then he received a doctorate degree from the University of Cambridge in 1961.

In 1966, he became a teacher at UCLA, a university in Los Angeles, California. He has also traveled to some islands called New Guinea, which are far away from the United States, in the South Pacific Ocean. Diamond is famous for knowing a lot about the birds that lived on that island, and he has traveled there many times.

Diamond writes about science in ways that people can understand, and he has written many articles for magazines like "Discover" in the United States.

He also writes books. One of his first books was called "The Third Chimpanzee", which talked about the way that people evolved from monkeys, and how many things are the same between humans and monkeys.

His most famous book is "Guns, Germs, and Steel". In his book, Diamond explained why he thought that different parts of the Earth had people on them at different times, and why some people in some parts of the world had more science or farming than people in other parts of the world. The book went over thousands of years of human history.

In 2004, he wrote another book, called, "Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed." In this book, Diamond wrote about why he thought that some groups of people from many hundreds of years ago were able to have their groups get very big and strong, while other groups fell apart. His book talked about what people today can maybe learn from the studying the problems from history.




Iglesia ni Cristo

The (IPA: ; Filipino for Church of Christ), or INC, is a church which was founded in the Philippines by Felix Manalo in 1914. The INC states the church was founded by Jesus Christ but that Felix Manalo restored it. The church does not believe in the religious teaching that Jesus is God and part of the Trinity.

Felix Manalo was born a member of the Roman Catholic Church, but joined a number of Protestant churches until he believed that God gave him a mission to teach the gospel and to bring back the first church made by Jesus. The INC began with a handful of followers on July 27, 1914 in Punta, Santa Ana, Manila, with Manalo as highest minister. It has now spread to many different countries.

Some of the teachings INC believes in are:


State court (United States)

In some countries, a municipal court is a court with limited jurisdiction, both in people and laws. Most commonly, municipal courts only deal with the laws and citizens of one city or town. But in some places they make decisions for an entire county, and may be involved with early hearings of cases that will be tried in a higher court. Some things that often involve municipal courts are traffic tickets, leash laws, and building code violations and death.

Municipal courts in Mississippi are "Judge Alone" courts. This means that judges alone hear the presented cases and offenders(and alleged offenders)have no right to jury trials. In felony cases in Mississippi, the Municipal court holds a preliminary hearing and then sends the case to the grand jury of the state. The Municipal court is not a court of record and its cases are summarized by docket.

There are no municipal court facilities in the state. All courthouses are done at the county level. For example, if a speeding ticket violation occurred, it automatically goes to the county seat in which the violation occurs whether it is in a municipality or unincorporated. In the case of some elongated counties like Chatham County, there is an alternate courtroom in Siler City as well as Pittsboro, the county seat. In other cases where there are multiple large population centers like in Guilford County, court cases are handled in Greensboro and High Point. Although a federal issue, traffic violations occurring in military bases are not subject to civilian courts.

Emma Goldman

Emma Goldman (June 27, 1869 – May 14, 1940) was an Russian-American anarchist and labor organizer. She was an anarcho-communist who was an early supporter of atheism, gay rights and feminism.

Goldman fought for women’s rights and equality, workers' rights, queer rights, and anarchism (anarchism is the belief that society should be run without authorities or a government). She was also known for being one of the first women’s reproductive rights activists. In addition, Goldman wrote many books. Her most famous book, “Living My Life,” is an autobiography. 
Goldman was born in a part of the Russian Empire, which is now known as Lithuania. She moved to the United States with her family when she was 17. She was upset by the way workers and labor activists were treated in the US. In 1889 she moved to New York. In New York, she joined an anarchist group. In the anarchist group, she met a new friend and someone she would work with for a long time, Alexander Berkman. In 1892, they attempted to assassinate (kill) Henry Clay Frick, for the way he treated workers. Berkman was unsuccessful and spent fourteen years in prison, but Goldman was not punished.

Later, in 1901, President William McKinley was assassinated by an anarchist who said he was inspired by Goldman. Goldman defended the murderer by saying “if the people want to do away with assassins, they must do away with the conditions which produce murderers."

Besides being a defiant radical, Emma was very well known for being incredibly influential in women’s reproductive rights activism. She fought for women’s sexual and economic freedom. Goldman was a nurse and midwife and taught other women about birth control. She was imprisoned in 1916 for this because at the time spreading information about birth control was illegal. 
Goldman faced many legal troubles. In 1893 she was convicted of starting a riot and spent a year in prison. She was arrested in 1901 for allegedly conspiring in the assassination of President McKinley, but was never found guilty.
In 1917 she was arrested and spent two years in prison for not supporting World War I. 
In 1919, Goldman and Berkman were sent back to Russia because the American government thought they were too dangerous. The Russian Revolution had just happened and Goldman was hopeful that Russia might end up being a good place. She ended up deciding that the revolution in Russia was not as good as she thought and that the Bolsheviks tricked many of the people in Russia. She thought the Bolsheviks were too controlling and were too powerful. She also did not like that the Soviet Union put lots of anarchists in jail for not agreeing with them.
She and Berkman left after two years and Goldman lived in many places in Europe, including England and France. In 1936 she moved to Spain to help the anarchists fight the fascists during the Spanish Civil War.
She died in Toronto of a stroke. She is buried near Chicago.

Computer engineering

Computer engineering is the practice of making computers and their parts. Computer engineers are always trying to make new parts smaller and better. They can also work on software, especially software for embedded systems (specialized electronics like cell-phones and satellite receivers, not a general-purpose computer).
Computers are electrical machines that run programs.

Computer engineering has parts of both electrical engineering and computer science/software engineering. In computer engineering classes, students learn about the hardware and software of computers. They start with learning how transistors and computer chips are made and how they work (which uses quantum mechanics). Then the student learns how the chips talk to each other and how to make a complete printed circuit board (PCB), which is the electrical part. They also learn how to program the ROM or Flash memory so the computer can do something useful.

Because computer engineering is closely related to electrical engineering and computer science, the fields are found in the same department at many universities. Students also need to learn fundamental science subjects and mathematics, such as calculus and differential equations.

Computer engineering is difficult to learn, but computer engineers are needed. Software engineering companies, telecommunications firms, designers of digital hardware, and many other companies hire computer engineering majors upon graduation and pay them well.

Spanish Civil War

The Spanish Civil War (18 July 1936 – 1 April 1939) was a civil war between Republicans and Nationalists. The war ended on 1 April 1939, when the last Republican troops surrendered. Francisco Franco became dictator of Spain until he died in 1975.

The civil war began after a "pronunciamiento" (revolt) against the Republican government by the Nationalists. The nationalists were supported by FE de las JONS, a far right political party. During this time, fascist General Francisco Franco and his nationalist troops wanted to take control of the Spanish Republic. The Army split, with about half of the troops being loyal to the Republic. 

Many different groups worked together to help the democratic Spanish Republic stop Franco, including Basques, Catalans and other groups.

The Soviet Union, Mexico and French Third Republic sold the Republican weapons, the International Brigades was a left wing international militant group formed to fight Franco, many anti-fascist partisans internationally volunteered to fight against Franco, including people from the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Germany, and Italy.

The governments of Nazi Germany, Kingdom of Italy and Second Portuguese Republic provided troops and supplies for Franco.

Around half-a-million people died in the war, and many atrocities were committed by both sides. The most famous atrocity was the bombing of Guernica. On 26 April 1937, the city was bombed by Legion Condor, a Nazi military unit working for Franco. It was the first time that an air bombing caused so many civilian casualties. The bombing was reported all over the world in newspapers and made people aware of the German involvement.


Fyodor Tyutchev

Fyodor Ivanovich Tyutchev (rus: "Фёдор Иванович Тютчев", fyô'dər ēvä'nəvĭch tyū'chĭf) (December 5 1803 – July 27, 1873) was one of the most significant Russian poets. Almost 20 years of his life he spent in Munich and Turin. Tyutchev was a good friend of Heinrich Heine, knew Schelling as well. Tyutchev didn’t want people to know him as a poet. He didn’t take any part in a literary life.

He has around 400 of his poems. Russian people quote them very often. His early poems are made in Russian poetic tradition of the XVIII century. In the 1830s we can find an influence of European (especially German) romanticism on Tyutchev’s lyrics. He writes philosophic poems about the universe, nature and human being. In 1840s Tyutchev wrote several articles about relations between Russia and Occidental civilization. In 1850s Tyutchev created several heartfelt poems, in which we can see love as a tragedy. These poems are combined into one cycle, named “Denisievsky”. “Denisievsky” means dedicated to a mistress of Tyutchev – Elena Alexandrovna Denisieva. In 1860s–1870s Tyutchev wrote mainly political poems.

The most famous Tyutchev's poem is “Silentium!”. This is a hard appeal to be silent. Because a man never can understand another person. A line “A word once uttered is untrue” is one of the most popular aphorisms of Tyutchev. As well as “We can’t understand Russia by the reason” and “We are not know, what will be the respond for our word”. 


Erythropoietin

Erythropoietin, or Erythropoetin (EPO) is a hormone produced by the kidneys. Epoetin is a synthetic version.

Erythropoietin acts on the bone marrow so that it makes more red blood cells. It is used to treat some kinds of anemia. Anemia can happen in kidney failure, or from chemotherapy to treat cancer. The man-made hormone is made with cell cultures. The hormone can be used for blood doping in endurance sports although this is illegal in all athletic competitions.

It is also responsible for inhibiting the body process "Gluconeogenesis" (a process in your body which makes glucose from products other than carbohydrates), thus contributing to cure of type2 diabetes, glucose intolerance.


Anarcho-punk

Anarcho-punk is a subculture that combines punk music and anarchist politics. Some important anarcho-punk bands include Crass, Conflict, Chumbawamba, and Subhumans. Common ideas that many anarcho-punks support are anti-war, animal rights, feminism, environmentalism, equality, anti-capitalism and other common anarchist causes.

Household hardware

Household hardware describes various things used mostly at home. Those things can be equipment such as fasteners, keys, door knobs, locks, hinges, latches, handles, wire, chains, tools, screws and machine parts, especially when they are made of metal.


Breton

Breton can mean:

Slavs

Slavs live in Central Europe, Eastern Europe, Southeast Europe, Central Asia and North Asia. Present-day Slavic peoples are classified into West Slavs (mainly Poles,Silesians, Czechs, Moravians and Slovaks), East Slavs (mainly Ukrainians, Belarusians, and Russians), and South Slavs (mainly Serbs, Bulgarians, Croats, Bosniaks, Pomak, Torbesh, Gorani, Macedonians, Slovenes, and Montenegrins).

Austrians, Hungarians, Romanians (although 1/3 of Romanian population is made of Slavic population, mainly , Serbians and Bulgarians), Estonians, Lithuanians and Latvians (and these 3 countries have sizable Russian and Poles population, so much so that they make a majority ethnic groups in those countries) live near the Slavic nations but are not Slavs themselves. There are more Slavs than any other ethnic group in Europe. Russians make up the most Slavs, followed by Poles and Ukrainians.

There are many small historic Slavic nations like Lusatia (and Lusatian Serbs, typically referred to as Sorbs, who still live in eastern Germany), Rusyn, Kashubia and others. Russia is now the most powerful and populated Slavic country, but in the 10th century Bulgarians and Czechs were powerful, in 13th and 14th century Serbs were powerful, and in the 16th century Poland was the strongest nation in the area.

The Slavic languages are closely related. The largest similarities can be found within the same group (for example, Polish and Slovak, both West Slavic languages), but similarities exist even between Slavic languages from other different subgroups (such as Bulgarian and Russian).

However, the greatest similarities are between Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian, which are South Slavic languages. They are considered separate by the Bosnian and Croatian governments (the separation is of political nature), but linguistically they are one language- Serbo-Croatian (since Serbian, Croatian, Bosnian and Montenegrin are more similar than those variants of English, German, Dutch, or Hindi–Urdu, and mutual intelligibility between their speakers "exceeds that between the standard variants of English, French, German or Spanish).

Slavic languages are spoken natively by 300 million people and as second or third languages by many more people in countries as far away as Germany and China.

Maharbal

Maharbal was Hannibal's cavalry-leader during the Second Punic War. Many times he was important in Carthage's successes over Rome. In his Italian campaign, Hannibal always was able to have more cavalry than Rome, and so relied on them and Maharbal to give himself a big advantage.

Maharbal is most famous for what he said to Hannibal after the Battle of Cannae. According to Livy, a Roman historian, the conversation went like this after Maharbal said he wanted to go with the army to Rome immediately:

"I commend your zeal", Hannibal said to Maharbal; "but I need time to weigh the plan that you propose." "Assuredly", Maharbal replied, "no one man has been blessed with all God's gifts. You know, Hannibal, how to gain a victory; you do not know how to use it." -Livy, The History of Rome 22.51

"In Simple English:"
"I like your enthusiasm", Hannibal said to Maharbal; "but I need time to think about what you want to do." Maharbal said back, "It is true that no one is perfect. You know how to win, Hannibal; you do not know what to do after."

Livy wrote this in Latin, so Maharbal's reply is often quoted in Latin, and is a famous phrase: "Vincere scis, Hannibal; victoria uti nescis."

Hannibal

Hannibal (Hǎnnibal Barca, 247 BC – ? 183/2/1 BC), was a Carthaginian statesman and general who was the greatest enemy of the Roman Republic. 

Hannibal is most famous for what he did in the Second Punic War. He marched with an army from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into northern Italy and defeated the Romans in a series of battles. At the Battle of Cannae, he defeated the largest army Rome had ever put together even though Carthage was heavily outnumbered. The Roman army at Cannae is reckoned at 16 legions and a total of 86,000 men. Over 80% of the army was killed or captured, including many of its commanders.

Hannibal kept an army in Italy for many years. Eventually, a Roman invasion of North Africa made him return to Carthage. He lost, and the Romans made him leave Carthage. He lived at the Seleucid court and convinced its emperor to fight Rome. When he lost a naval battle, Hannibal fled to the Bithynian court. When the Romans told him to surrender, he committed suicide by drinking poison.

Hannibal is listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history. The military historian Theodore Ayrault Dodge once called Hannibal the "father of strategy" because even his greatest enemy, Rome, copied his military ideas.
Hannibal's father, Hamilcar, was the commander of the Carthaginian forces at the end of the First Punic War. After Carthage had lost the war, Hamilcar crossed to Hispania to conquer the tribes of what is now Spain. At the time of this invasion, Carthage was in a poor condition. Its navy could not carry its army to Iberia (Hispania). Hamilcar had to march towards the Pillars of Hercules and to go across the Strait of Gibraltar. According to a story in Livy, Hamilcar made Hannibal promise that he would never be a friend of Rome. 

In return, Hamilcar agreed to take Hannibal with him to Spain. Hamilcar spent two years finishing the conquest of Iberia south of the Ebro. He died in 229/228 in battle, most likely by drowning in the Jucar River. His son-in-law Hasdrubal took command but was assassinated in 221 BC.

With Hasdrubal's death, Hannibal became the leader of the army. Rome feared the growing strength of Hannibal. They made an alliance with the city of Saguntum and claimed to be protecting the city. Saguntum was south of the Ebro River and so. Hannibal attacked the city. It was captured after eight months. With the attack of a Roman ally, Rome wanted justice from Carthage. Instead, the Carthaginian government saw nothing wrong with Hannibal's actions. The war that Hannibal wanted was declared at the end of the year. 

Hannibal's army was made up of as many as 75,000 foot soldiers and 9,000 horsemen. Hannibal left New Carthage in late spring of 218 BC. He fought his way north to the Pyrenees. He defeated the tribes by clever mountain tactics and stubborn fighting. After marching 290 miles through Hispania and reaching the Ebro, Hannibal chose the most trustworthy and loyal parts of his army of Libyan and Iberian mercenaries to keep going with him. He left 11,000 troops to keep watch over the newly conquered region. At the Pyrenees, he let go of another 11,000 Iberian troops. Hannibal entered Gaul with 50,000 foot soldiers and 9,000 horsemen. 

Hannibal needed to cross the Pyrenees, the Alps and many important rivers in the region starting in the spring of 218 BC, he fought his way to the Pyrenees. He made peace deals with the Gaulic tribal leaders and reached the Rhône River. Arriving at the Rhône in September, Hannibal's army numbered 38,000 infantry, 8,000 horsemen, and 37 war elephants.

Hannibal got away from a Roman force sent to fight him in Gaul. He then went up the valley of one of the streams of the Rhône River. By Autumn, he reached the foot of the Alps. His journey over the mountains is one of the most famous achievements of any military force. After this journey, Hannibal came down from the foothills into northern Italy, to the surprise of the Romans. He had arrived with only half the forces he had started with and only a few elephants. Hannibal had lost as many as 20,000 men crossing over the mountains.

Publius Cornelius Scipio commanded the Roman force sent to stop Hannibal. He did not expect Hannibal to cross the Alps but expected to fight Hannibal in Spain. With a small army still in Gaul, Scipio tried to stop Hannibal. He moved his army to Italy by sea in time to meet Hannibal. 

Hannibal made the area behind him safer by defeating the tribe of the Taurini (now Turin). The opposing forces fought at Carthage, where Hannibal forced the Romans to get out of the plain of Lombardy. This victory did much to weaken Roman control over the Gauls, who decided to join the Carthaginians. Soon, all of northern Italy was unofficially allied. Gallic and Ligurian troops soon raised his army back to 40,000 men. Hannibal’s army was ready to invade Italy. Scipio retreated across the River Trebia. He camped at the town of Placentia and waited for more troops. 

The Senate had ordered Sempronius Longus to bring his army from Sicily to meet Scipio and to face Hannibal. Hannibal was in position to head him off. Sempronius avoided Hannibal and joined Scipio near the Trebbia River near Placentia. At Trebia, Hannibal defeated the Roman infantry by a surprise attack from an ambush on the flank.

Arriving in Etruria in the spring of 217 BC, Hannibal decided to lure the main Roman army led by Flaminius into battle. Hannibal found Flaminius camped at Arretium. He marched around his opponent’s left side and cut Flaminius off from Rome. Hannibal made Flaminius chase him. On the shore of Lake Trasimenus, Hannibal destroyed Flaminius's army in the waters or on the nearby slopes. He killed Flaminius as well. He had got rid of the only force that could stop him from getting to Rome. He realized that without siege engines, he could not hope to take the capital and so he decided to continue into central and southern Italy. He hoped this show of strength would create a revolt against the Roman government. After Lake Trasimene, Hannibal said, “I have not come to fight Italians, but on behalf of the Italians against Rome.”

Rome was put into an immense state of panic and appointed a dictator, Quintus Fabius Maximus. He was an intelligent and careful general.

Fabius adopted the Fabian strategy" He refused open battle with his enemy and put several Roman armies near Hannibal to limit his movement. Fabius sent out small forces against Hannibal’s foraging parties. Residents of small northern villages were told to post lookouts. They could gather their livestock and possessions and go to fortified towns to wear down the invaders’ endurance. 
Hannibal decided to march through Samnium to Campania. He hoped that the destruction would draw Fabius into battle, but Fabius refused to be drawn into battle. His troops became irritated by his “cowardly spirit”. His policies were not liked since Romans were used to facing their enemies in the field, and the people wanted to see a quick end to the war. 

The rest of autumn continued with frequent skirmishes. After six months, Fabius was removed from his position in accordance with Roman law.

In the Spring of 216 BC Hannibal captured the large supply depot at Cannae in the Apulian plain, effectively placing himself between the Romans and their source of supply. The Roman Senate resumed their consular elections in 216. They chose Caius Terentius Varro and Lucius Aemilius Paullus as consuls. The Romans raised largest army so far their history to defeat Hannibal. It is estimated that the total strength of the army was around 80,000 men.
The Roman army marched southward to Apulia. After two days of marching, they found Hannibal at the Audifus River. Varro was a reckless man full of pride and was determined to defeat Hannibal. Varro's arrogance got the better of him and allowed Hannibal to drew him into a trap. With brilliant tactics, Hannibal surrounded and destroyed most of this force even though he was heavily outnumbered. 

It is estimated that 50,000-70,000 Romans were killed or captured at Cannae. Among the dead were 80 senators. The Roman Senate was no more than 300 men: 25%–30% of the governing body. The Battle of Cannae one of the worst defeats in the history of Ancient Rome. It is also one of the bloodiest battles in all of human history in terms of the number of lives lost in a single day. After Cannae, the Romans refused to fight Hannibal in battles but tried instead to defeat him by wearing him down. They relied on their advantages of supply and manpower. 

Because of that victory. most of southern Italy joined Hannibal's cause. Thet same year, the Greek cities in Sicily revolted against Roman control. Macedonian King Philip V supported Hannibal. That started the First Macedonian War against Rome. Hannibal made his new base in Capua, the second-largest city of Italy.

Without resources from his allies or reinforcements from Carthage, Hannibal could not do much more and began losing ground. He continued defeating the Romans whenever he could bring them into battle but could never score another decisive victory.

In 212 BC, plotters in Tarentum let Hannibal into the city. They then blew the alarm with some Roman trumpets. This let Hannibal's troops pick off the Romans as they stumbled into the streets. Hannibal told the Tarentines to mark every house in which Tarentines lived so that they would not be looted. Even with the looting, the citadel held out. That stopped Hannibal from using the harbuor, and Rome was slowly gaining ground over Hannibal. In the same year, he lost Campania.

In 211 BC, the city of Capua fell. That summer the Romans destroyed the Carthaginian army in Sicily. Meanwhile, Hannibal had defeated Fulvius at Herdonea in Apulia, but lost Tarentum. With the loss of Tarentum in 209 BC and the Romans capturing of Samnium and Lucania, his hold on south Italy was almost lost. 

In 207 BC, he retired to Bruttium. Those events marked the end to Hannibal's success in Italy. In 203 BC, Hannibal was recalled to Carthage to lead the defence of his homeland against a Roman invasion.

Both Scipio Africanus.and Hannibal met on the field of Zama. Hannibal had about 50,000 infantry and 4,000 cavalry. Scipio had 34,000 infantry and 8,700 cavalry. For years, Hannibal had won victories with his experienced army. He now faced the best of the Roman army, and he led a makeshift army, which did not do well against the Romans. Hannibal was defeated, and 20,000 men of his army were killed at Zama, with the same number of men being taken as prisoners. The Romans lost as few as 500 dead and 4,000 wounded. With their best general defeated, the Carthaginians accepted defeat and surrendered to Rome.

Seven years after the victory of Zama, the Romans demanded Hannibal's surrender. He went into voluntary exile and went to Tyre, the mother-city of Carthage, and then to Ephesus and Syria.

In 190 BC, he was placed in command of a Phoenician fleet, but it was defeated in a battle off the Eurymedon River. Hannibal went to Cretebut soon returned to the Asia Minor. At Libyssa, on the eastern shore of the Sea of Marmora, he was going to be turned over to the Romans. Rather than letting himself be taken, he committed suicide by drinking poison. The precise year of his death is not certain. It is believed to be 183 BC. He died in the same year as Scipio Africanus.


Veganism

Veganism is a philosophy that says people should not use animals. There are vegans who choose not to eat animals, and vegans who choose not to use them in any other way either.

Vegans do not eat or drink food that comes from animals, including meat, eggs and dairy products (like milk, cheese, and yogurt). A vegan diet is sometimes called a strict vegetarian diet. Some vegans also do not eat honey. Many vegans try not to use any other animal products, such as leather, wool, feathers, bone, pearl or shoes. They also try not to buy or use products that have been tested on animals. They may support animal welfare and animal rights, and may campaign for these causes.

Vegans eat fruits, vegetables, beans, grains, nuts, and seeds, and types of food made from them like vegan sweets, vegan cheese and vegan cakes.

Some people become vegan because they disagree with the treatment of animals in the modern animal farm industry. Other reasons to become vegan are for health, religious reasons, to protect the environment, or because of world hunger. Animals eat a lot and take up a lot of resources. By not producing meat, milk, or eggs, a lot of food, land (as of 2006, 30% of the earth's land mass is used raising animals for food) and water can be saved. For example, it takes about 16 pounds of grain to make 1 pound of grain-fed meat, so eating plants directly takes fewer resources. There is also the issue of antibiotic use in the industry. Animals are given antibiotics so often that the risk of bacteria becoming resistant to antibiotics is very possible in the near future.

Some vegans only eat foods that have not been cooked. Their diet is called raw veganism. Another more restrictive type of veganism is fruitarianism. Fruitarians only eat foods that can be harvested without harming or killing a plant. 

Vegans must make sure their diet includes enough vitamin B, because it does not occur reliably in plant foods. Vitamin B deficiency can have serious bad effects on the person's health. These might include anaemia and neurodegenerative diseases. California-based dietitian nutritionist Ashley Lytwyn said “Nutrients like B12 can be tough to get with a vegan diet, and the iron in vegetables isn’t as bioavailable as iron in animal proteins.” “Even if he ate enough iron-rich vegetables, the body can’t always absorb what it needs.” Vegan societies recommend that vegans either eat foods with added B or take a B supplement. Tempeh, seaweed, spirulina, organic produce, and intestinal bacteria "do not have enough B for a vegan diet". Vitamin D deficiency is possible in the absence of dairy products (which are normally fortified with vitamin D). Vitamin D deficiency can lead to rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. In rickets, bones do not mineralize normally, causing growth retardation and skeletal deformities. It can be prevented by supplements, and by direct injections.

A typical vegan diet contains more iron than other diets. Yet, the incidence of iron deficiency in vegans is similar to omnivores. While legumes, nuts, vegetables, and dried fruits are rich in iron, vegans absorb iron less effectively.

Many people think that it is not healthy to be vegan. However, a vegan diet can have all of the nutrients needed for health. It is just more difficult to get the nutrients because there are fewer foods to choose from.



Necrophilia

Necrophilia is a paraphilia of being sexually attracted to dead bodies. Some necrophiliacs have sex with dead bodies. It is usually considered morally wrong. In addition sexual contact with dead bodies carries the risk of disease if the body has started to decay. It is illegal in many parts of the world, but not all.

Strait of Magellan

The Strait of Magellan is a passageway from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific. It is just south of mainland South America and north of Tierra del Fuego. It goes through Argentina and Chile and for a long time the two countries argued over which one owned the land around it. Chile now owns it. The strait is named after Ferdinand Magellan. It is very foggy and stormy.


Fenerbahçe S.K.

Fenerbahçe is a sports club in Istanbul, Turkey. It was officially founded in 1907.
Fenerbahçe's home stadium is the Fenerbahce Şükrü Saraçoğlu Stadium in Kadıköy, Istanbul.
They have won the Spor Toto Super League 28 times and Ziraat Turkish Cup 6 times.


Homo sapiens

Humans are the only living species of the genus "Homo". "Homo" is the human genus. "H. sapiens" is the only surviving species of the genus "Homo". "Homo sapiens" are sometimes called "anatomically modern humans".

The recent African origin of modern humans is the mainstream model of the origin and dispersal of anatomically modern humans.

The hypothesis that humans have a single origin was published in Charles Darwin's "The Descent of Man" (1871). The concept is supported by a study of present-day mitochondrial DNA, and with evidence based on physical anthropology of fossil humans. According to genetic and fossil evidence, older versions of "Homo sapiens" evolved only in Africa, between 200,000 and 100,000 years ago, with members of one branch leaving Africa by 90,000 years ago and over time replacing earlier human populations such as Neanderthals and "Homo erectus".

The recent single origin of modern humans in East Africa is the near-consensus position held within the scientific community.

Sequencing of the full Neanderthal genome suggests Neanderthals and some modern humans share some ancient genetic lineages. The authors of the study suggest that their findings are consistent with Neanderthal admixture of up to 4% in some populations. The reason for this admixture is not known. In August 2012, a study suggested that the DNA overlap is a remnant of a common ancestor of both Neanderthals and modern humans.

The time frame for the evolution of the genus "Homo" out of the last common ancestor is roughly 10 to 2 million years ago, that of "H. sapiens" out of "Homo erectus" roughly 1.8 to 0.2 million years ago.

Scientific study of human evolution is mostly concerned with the development of the genus "Homo", but usually involves studying other hominids and hominines as well, such as "Australopithecus". "Modern humans" are defined as the "Homo sapiens" species, of which the only living subspecies is known as "Homo sapiens sapiens".

"Homo sapiens idaltu", the other known subspecies, is now extinct. "Homo neanderthalensis", which became extinct 30,000 years ago, has sometimes been classified as a subspecies, ""Homo sapiens neanderthalensis"". Genetic studies now suggest that the functional DNA of modern humans and Neanderthals diverged 500,000 years ago.

Similarly, the discovered specimens of the "Homo rhodesiensis" species have been classified by some as a subspecies, but this classification is not widely accepted.

Until recently it was thought that anatomically modern humans first appeared in the fossil record in Africa about 195,000 years ago. Studies of molecular biology suggested that the approximate time of divergence from the common ancestor of all modern human populations was 200,000 years ago. The broad study of African genetic diversity found the ǂKhomani San people had the greatest genetic diversity among the 113 distinct populations sampled, making them one of 14 "ancestral population clusters". The research also placed the origin of modern human migration in south-western Africa, near the coastal border of Namibia and Angola.

In the 1960s an archaeological site at Jebel Irhoud in Morocco was dated as about 40,000 years old but it was re-dated in the 2000s. It is now thought to be between 300,000 and 350,000 years old. The skull form is almost identical to modern humans, though the jaw is different.

The forces of natural selection have continued to operate on human populations, with evidence that certain regions of the genome show selection in the past 15,000 years.

Lake Tanganyika

Lake Tanganyika is a large lake in the Great Rift Valley of central Africa. The lake is divided between four countries – Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Tanzania and Zambia. It is the longest fresh water lake in the world and the second deepest.

Pinocchio (1940 movie)

Pinocchio is the second animated Disney movie, made by Walt Disney Productions and first released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures on February 7, 1940. Based on the story "Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi, it was made in response to the huge success of "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs". 

The movie tells the story of Pinocchio, a wooden puppet made by a man named Geppetto and brought to life by the Blue fairy, after Geppetto wishes he could have a son. She tells him he can become a real boy if he proves himself "brave, truthful, and unselfish." Pinocchio must try to be good so he can become a real boy, with the help of his friend, Jiminy Cricket. Thus begins the adventures of the puppet into a real boy, which involve many encounters with a series of unpleasant characters.

The movie was adapted by Aurelius Battaglia, William Cottrell, Otto Englander, Erdman Penner, Joseph Sabo, Ted Sears, and Webb Smith from Collodi's book. The production was supervised by Ben Sharpsteen and Hamilton Luske, and the film's sequences were directed by Norman Ferguson, T. Hee, Wilfred Jackson, Jack Kinney, and Bill Roberts.

It features the song, "When You Wish Upon A Star", which has immediately become the official anthem of the Walt Disney Company and has been used at the start of most Disney movies since 1985.

A man called Geppetto makes a wood puppet called Pinocchio. He wishes that Pinocchio were a real boy, and the Blue Fairy makes Geppetto's wish come true. But to become a real boy instead of a live puppet, Pinocchio has to prove that he's good. The Blue Fairy assigns a cricket named Jiminy Cricket to guide him and keep him out of trouble. This is a hard job, and Pinocchio does a lot of things wrong.

On his first day of school, two crooks, a fox named Honest John and his mute sidekick named Gideon, trick Pinocchio to join Stromboli's puppet show instead. Pinocchio is popular in the show, but Stromboli is cruel to him and locks him in a bird cage. The Blue Fairy asks Pinocchio how this happened, but Pinocchio lies, and his nose grows longer. With the help of the Blue Fairy and Jiminy, Pinocchio escapes from the cage.

The crooks trick Pinocchio again, and tell him to go to Pleasure Island. He meets Lampwick, a bad boy who convinces him to gamble, smoke, drink, vandalize and other bad things. The island is magical, and the boys who act like "jackasses" (donkeys) "turn into" donkeys. These donkeys are sold to work in the circus and in the salt mines.

Lampwick becomes a donkey, but Pinocchio only changes part way, with donkey ears and a donkey tail. He escapes from Pleasure Island and returns to Geppetto's house. But Geppetto is not there. He has gone to sea, to search for Pinocchio on Pleasure Island.

Pinocchio and Jiminy go looking for Geppetto, but they are eaten by the huge whale Monstro. Monstro has also swallowed Geppetto. Pinocchio builds a fire to make Monstro sneeze, and this frees them all. But they are lost in the ocean and Geppetto is drowning. He tells Pinocchio to swim to shore and save himself, but Pinocchio grabs Geppetto and carries him to shore. Geppetto survives, but Pinocchio appears to be dead.

Geppetto and Jiminy are sad and return home with Pinocchio's body. The Blue Fairy decides that Pinocchio has proven that he is good enough, and brings him back to life... and also turns him into a real boy. Everyone is happy and they celebrate. The movie ends with Jiminy Cricket getting a badge of soild gold and a chorus sings a reprise of the song "When You Wish Upon A Star" as the word "The End" appears, and the movie ends as the song finishes.

The original plan for the movie was very different from what they made. Many characters and events from the original book were used in early versions. Producer Walt Disney was unhappy with this version and had them change a lot of the story and characters.

At first, Pinocchio was going to look like a real wooden puppet, with a long pointed nose, a pointed hat, and bare wood hands. He was going to act more grown-up and do bad things on purpose, instead of being tricked into doing bad things. But Walt Disney did not think that people would like this character, so they changed his appearance and the way he acted. They made him look more like a real boy, with a small nose, a child's hat, and regular hands with gloves. The only parts of him that still looked like a puppet were his arms and legs.

Jiminy Cricket (voiced by Cliff "Ukelele Ike" Edwards) became a more important character. He was not included in the first version of the story. When they added him, he looked more like a real cricket, but Walt wanted more people to like him, so Ward Kimball changed him into "a little man with no ears. That was the only thing about him that was like an insect."



With the re-release of "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs" in 1944 came the tradition of re-releasing Disney movies every seven to ten years. "Pinocchio" has been theatrically re-released in 1945, 1954, 1962, 1971, 1978, 1984, and 1992. The 1992 re-issue was digitally restored by cleaning and removing scratches from the original one scene at a time, getrting rid of blurry sound, and making the color lighter. The movie also received four video releases (and two DVD releases), being a big-seller in 1985 (this print was re-mastered and re-issued in 1986). Then the more complex digital restoration that was done for the 1992 re-issue was released on VHS, followed by the final VHS release (which was also the movie's first release on Disney DVD as well as the first in the Walt Disney Gold Classics Collection VHS/DVD line) in 1999. The second Disney DVD release (a 60th anniversary) premiered the following year in 2000. The third DVD release and first Blu-ray Disc release (the second Blu-ray in the Walt Disney Platinum Editions series) were released on March 10, 2009 (March 11, 2009 in Australia), and like the 2008 Sleeping Beauty release, the Blu-ray package featured two discs, and a bonus DVD of the movie also included.


"Pinocchio" was not successful at the box office when first released, and Disney only earned $1.9 million against a $2.6 million budget. The movie made some success at the American box office, but was not able to profit, due to its poor performance in Europe. The timing of the move's release was a reason, with World War II cutting off European markets. Although the United States had not yet gotten into the war, people's interests may have not have meant much among Americans in seeing fantasy stories as they were in the days of "Snow White and the 7 Dwarfs". It also lacked the romance element that had proven popular in "Snow White".

Nevertheless, there were positive reactions to the movie as well. Archer Winsten, who had criticized "Snow White", said that "The faults (mistakes) that were in "Snow White" no longer exist. In writing of "Pinocchio", you are limited only by your own power of expressing enthusiasm". Also, despite the poor timing of the release, the movie did do well both critically and at the box office in the United States. Jiminy Cricket's song, "When You Wish Upon a Star," became a major success and still is today, and is the fanfare for The Walt Disney Company. "Pinocchio" also won the Academy Award for Best Song and the Academy Award for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture. In 1994, "Pinocchio" was added to the United States National Film Registry as being very important in culture, history, or aesthetic. In 2001 Terry Gilliam picked it as one of the ten best animated movies of all time and in 2005 Time.com named it one of the 100 best movies of the last 80 years. Many movie historians consider this to be the movie that is the closest to technical perfection of all the Disney animated features.
Pinocchio earned $84,254,167 at the box office.

In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten"—the best ten movies in ten "classic" American movie genres. After polling over 1,500 people from the creative community, "Pinocchio" was acknowledged as the second best movie in the animation genre, after "Snow White".

The songs in "Pinocchio" were composed by Leigh Harline, Ned Washington and Oliver Wallace, who had no screen credit as the film conductor while Paul J. Smith composed the incidental music score.

There is a collection of CDs named Classic Disney: 60 Years of Musical Magic. It includes "When You Wish upon a Star" on the second disc (the blue one), "Give a Little Whistle" on the fourth disc (the purple one), and "I've Got No Strings" on the fifth disc (the orange one).
Another collection of CDs named Disney's Greatest Hits includes "When You Wish upon a Star" on the Volume 1 disc (another blue one), "I've Got No Strings" on the Volume 2 disc (the green one), and "Give a Little Whistle" on the Volume 3 disc (the red one).



Disney on ice "starring" Pinocchio, toured nationally & internationally from 1987 - 1992. A Shorter version of the story is also presented in the current Disney on ice production "100 Years of Magic"




Lubbock, Texas

Lubbock is a city in the United States. It is in the state of Texas. More than 250,000 people live there.

It is the home of Texas Tech University.

Pearl

Pearls are made of a kind of material made by mollusks, like oysters. Pearls are small and often white but sometimes in pale colors or even black. They are often round, but sometimes half-round, oval, or in different shapes. Pearls are often used for jewelry. The pearl is the birthstone for the month June.

A natural pearl is formed when nacre-producing cells are displaced from the mantle tissue of an oyster. These cells are genetically programmed to produce nacre, the substance that lines the inner sides of an oyster's shell. When the cells become displaced, often by a boring parasite or damage to the outer shell, they continue to do what they are programmed to do -- produce nacre and form a pearl.

They can be very tiny (as tiny as a peppercorn) or quite big (as big as a human's fist). The world's largest pearl, found in 1934 and called the Pearl of Lao-tze, is about the size of a basketball.

There are two kinds of pearls: saltwater pearls and freshwater pearls. Saltwater pearls come from oysters that live in the oceans. Freshwater pearls are found in mussels that live in rivers, lakes, or ponds. 

There is also a "natural pearl" and a "cultured pearl." Natural pearls are made by oysters accidentally, and are very rare. Cultured pearls are made by inserting small beads and a piece of donor mantle tissue (in the case of saltwater pearls) into the reproductive organ of a saltwater oyster, or simply inserting a piece of donor mantle tissue (in the case of freshwater pearls) into a small incision in the mantle of a freshwater mussel.

Warner Bros.

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (commonly called Warner Bros.) is a large entertainment group and movie studio. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD). Warner Bros. is known for Looney Tunes, Scooby-Doo, The Flintstones, Tom and Jerry and Cartoon Network. DC Comics well known original comics for Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman. They own the copyrights to the Harry Potter movie series, Superman movie series, Batman movie series, Wonder Woman movie series, DC Extended Universe and It duology. They also produced the TV shows Wonder Woman, The Big Bang Theory, The Dukes of Hazzard, Animaniacs, Two and a Half Men and Friends. 

Warner Bros. is a very large company. Warner Brothers was founded on April 4, 1923. Its founders were Jack L. Warner, Albert Warner, Harry Warner, and Sam Warner. It was founded in Hollywood, California. It has won several awards including the Academy Award for Best Picture.

Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi

Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi is a science fiction movie. It is the sixth film in the "Star Wars" film series. The movie was released in 1983. It also includes romance, action, adventure and drama.

The Empire constructs a new Death Star. Luke, Leia, and the droids rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, an evil slug-like gangster. Later, Luke learns that Leia is his sister and must confront his father (Darth Vader) and return him to the good side. The movie is also famous for introducing a group of little creatures called Ewoks who help fight the Empire's troopers.



Quarter

Quarter might mean:


Freedom of religion

Freedom of religion, also known as freedom of worship, is the human right and civil liberty to be able to practice a religion without fear of being persecuted for it. It usually involes tolerating religions that are not the majority religion and usually comes alongside a separation of church and state, although not always. According to the United Nations, freedom of religion is part of international law.

In the United States, freedom of religion is part of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which states:Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.



MDC (band)

MDC are an anarcho-punk and hardcore punk band that started in Austin, Texas in 1979. They helped make hardcore punk popular in Austin, but in 1982 they moved to San Francisco, California, where they continued to become popular in the hardcore punk community. In 1993 the band stopped playing music, but they began again in 2000 and still play music today. 

Their lyrics were very political. They did not like the police, war, capitalism or racism. They did like gay people and thought that they should be treated fairly. 

The name MDC is an abbreviation and has meant many things. The band changes what it means a lot. It has meant "Millions of Dead Cops", "More Dead Cops", "Millions of Dead Children", "Multi Death Corporations", "Millions of Damn Christians", "Missile Destroyed Civilization" and "Magnus Dominus Corpus". 


Optimus Prime

Optimus Prime, known in Japan as Convoy, is a character from the "Transformers" franchise. Prime is the leader of the Autobots, a group of transforming robots from the planet of Cybertron. The Autobots are constantly at war with another group of transforming robots called Decepticons. According to Bob Budiansky, co-writer of the Transformers series, Dennis O'Neil made his name. In the 1986 animated film Transformers: The Movie, he is killed by his nemesis Megatron, who is the leader of the Decepticons. Optimus Prime is voiced by Peter Cullen.

In the Transformers Generation 1 cartoon series, Optimus was originally a naive and defenceless dock worker named Orion Pax. Some time later, Orion was killed by Megatron and rebuilt by Alpha Trion as Optimus Prime.

In the films, Optimus does not have his original Generation 1 look or voice due to the fact they were not based on the cartoon series. In Transformers (2007), and , he had his original body, the one from the 2007 film. In , Optimus appears battle damaged but was revealed to have been hiding from humans with the other Autobots, according to his friend Ratchet. In the movie, he was given a new look after being fixed by a human named Cade Yeager. In The Last Knight, Optimus is seen floating around in space after running low on Energon, a source of energy that transformers run on. When he appears on Cybertron, Optimus had no memory of what had happened to Cybertron, which had imploded on itself in Transformers: Dark of the Moon. In the film, Optimus is brainwashed by Quintessa, the prime of life and turned into Nemesis Prime. He also has the look he had in .


Comic strip

A comic strip is a series of panels with cartoon drawings in them that make a story. Sometimes comic strips are humorous, and sometimes they are serious. Famous examples of comic strips are:

There are comic strips in newspapers and on the web. Comic strips on the web are called webcomics. Penny Arcade and xkcd are famous webcomics.

Franz Ferdinand

Franz Ferdinand could mean:


First ScotRail

ScotRail was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by Abellio operating the ScotRail franchise.

National Express operated the ScotRail franchise from March 1997 until October 2004.

On July 28 2003 Transport Scotland announced Arriva, First and National Express had been chosen to bid for the new franchise.

On June 11 2004 Transport Scotland awarded the new franchise to First with the services operated by ScotRail moving to First ScotRail on October 17 2004. It originally traded as "First ScotRail" before being rebranded as "ScotRail" in September 2008.

On October 8 2014, Abellio were awarded the franchise beating First. They started running the trains in April 2015.

 

Waste container

A waste container (known more commonly in British English as a dustbin, rubbish-bin or simply a bin, and American English as a trash can) is a container, usually made of plastic or metal, used to store refuse.

Rubbish (trash) is usually kept in these until it is emptied by collecters, who will take it to a landfill or incinerator.

Some bins are used specifically for recycling.

Vijayanagara Empire

Vijayanagara empire (1336–1646 CE) was an Indian Hindu empire. From 1336 and afterwards, it was in the Deccan, in the peninsula and in southern India. It was founded by Harihara (Hakka) and his brother Bukka Raya. The empire is named after its capital city Vijayanagara, now Hampi in modern Karnataka, India. It began in 1336 and ended in 1660, though in its last century it began losing its power. Stories of the empire's creation and history are not certain, though tales of the empire's wealth and power were described by European travellers such as the Portuguese travelers Domingo Paes and Nuniz, and the Venetian traveler Niccolò Da Conti.

This list is based on the book by Robert Sewell (A Forgotten Empire).

Sangama Dynasty

Saluva Dynasty

Tuluva dynasty

Aravidu (dates are not known), includes these rulers. There is certainly more than one ruler under each name. 


Delhi Sultanate

The Delhi Sultanate (دلی سلطنت), or Sultanate-e-Hind (سلطنتِ ہند) or Sultanate-e-Dilli (سلطنتِ دلی) were the Sunni Islamic Persian-speaking dynasties of Turkic and Pashtun origin, which were controlling most of the Indian subcontinent from 1210 to 1526. Most of these dynasties ruled from Delhi. This includes the Slave dynasty (1206-90), the Khilji dynasty (1290-1320), the Tughlaq dynasty (1320-1413), the Sayyid dynasty (1414-51), and the Lodi dynasty (1451-1526). Later on, after the Pashtun Lodi dynasty was destroyed at Panipat in 1526, the region fell to the Mughals, there was again a brief period when Humayun, son of the Mughal Babur and father of Akbar the Great, was deposed by the Pashtun Suri dynasty under Sher Shah Suri who enjoyed a short rule then, before Humayun was reinstated in 1555.






1526-1540: Mughal rule after the First Battle of Panipat

1555: Return to Mughal Rule after brief interregnum





Hoysala Empire

The Hoysala Empire (Kannada: ಹೊಯ್ಸಳ) was an Indian empire. It controlled part of southern India from 1000 to 1346 A.D. Belur, Karnataka was the empire's capital. The Hoysala Empire is remembered today mostly because of its architecture. The hundreds of temples found across Karnataka are good examples of temples that were in the cities of Belur, Halebid and Somnathpura. The Hoysala kings were affected by Jainism and Hinduism. King Vishnuvardhana and the kings after him believed in Vaishnavism.

In the beginning, the Hoysalas were a small part of the Chalukyas of Kalyani. However, they began to grow until they made their own empire in Karnataka. The Hoysala period is known as one of the best times in the history of Karnataka, next only to the Vijayanagara Empire. Some famous Hoysala kings were Vishnuvardhana, Veera Ballala II and Veera Ballala III. Kannada was the main language of the Hoysala kings. The Hoysalas helped to increase Kannada and Sanskrit writing.



Macedonia (ancient kingdom)

Macedonia (Greek: Μακεδονία) or Macedon was an Ancient Greek kingdom of the Archaic and Classical Greece, and later the most powerful state of Hellenistic Greece. The kingdom was established and was at first ruled by the royal Argead dynasty, which was followed by the Antipatrid and Antigonid dynasties. Home to the ancient Macedonians, the earliest kingdom was centered on the northeastern part of the Greek peninsula, and bordered by Epirus to the west, Paeonia to the north, Thrace to the east and Thessaly to the south.

Alexander the Great made it the most powerful kingdom in the Near East for a few years. When he died the empire fell apart and the Antigonid dynasty ruled Macedonia as a small empire. Centuries later the Roman Empire conquered Macedonia and much of Alexander's empire.






Burger King

Burger King (often just called BK) is a chain of fast food restaurants that comes from the United States. It sells hamburgers, French fries, and soft drinks. It was created in 1954 in Miami, Florida, by James McLamore and David Edgerton. Edgerton bought a restaurant named Insta Burger King and changed it to Burger King. More than 34 thousand people work for the company.

There are more than 15,000 Burger King restaurants world-wide in 100 countries, and almost all of them are franchises. But in Australia, since the name "Burger King" was already trademarked there, BK franchises there are called Hungry Jack's.

Burger King is owned mostly by 3G Capital, a Brazilian investment company. But it is also owned by shareholders and used to publicly trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker BKW. In 2014, the chain's operations was merged with that of Tim Hortons from Canada, under the name Restaurant Brands International (). Burger King is an American global chain of hamburger fast food restaurants. Headquartered in the unincorporated area of Miami-Dade County, Florida, the company was founded in 1953 as Insta-Burger King, a Jacksonville, Florida–based restaurant chain.


Argead dynasty

The Argead dynasty (, ) was an ancient Macedonian royal house. They were the founders and the ruling dynasty of the kingdom of Macedon from about 700 to 310 BCE. From about 700 BCE the founder of the dynasty, Perdiccas I, led the people who called themselves Macedonians eastward from their home on the Haliacmon River. Aegae (today Vergina) became the capital, and by the reign of Amyntas I (6th century BCE) Macedonian power extended eastward beyond the Axius (Axiós) River to dominate the neighbouring Thracian tribes. 

People of the Argead royal house supposedly believed they were descended of Heracles' family. Famous kings included Philip II of Macedon (reigned 359-336 BC) who subdued Greece and famously united the defeated Greek city states as the League of Corinth with the Macedonians as Hegemon, and his son Alexander the Great (reigned 336–323 BC) who led his army along with allied armies to conquer much of the known world at the time, creating a vast Empire stretching from Macedonia and Greece, to Egypt, and the Indus River, also defeating the Persian Achaemenid Empire. 

The Argead family dynasty ended during the wars of the Diadochi when Alexander IV of Macedon and his mother Roxana were murdered.


Antipatrid dynasty

The Antipatrid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty. It was created by Cassander in 302 BC, who was the son of Antipater. However it was not a long dynasty. It ended in 294 BC when it was taken over by the Antigonid dynasty.




Antigonid dynasty

The Antigonid dynasty was a Macedonian dynasty. The kings were part of the family of Alexander the Great's general Antigonus I Monophthalmus ("the One-eyed"). The dynasty ended when the Roman Empire conquered the area after the Battle of Pydna in 168 BC. 


Futurama

Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company. It is in "New" New York City during the 31st century. The shows were first shown on Fox Network on March 28, 1999, until August 10, 2003. 

In 2008 Comedy Central began airing episodes. Comedy Central later said that the seventh season would be the final season. The series finale aired on September 4, 2013, though Groening has said he will try to get it picked up by another network. Also, 4 DVD movies were made.

The series is about Philip J. Fry (Billy West), a lazy New York City pizza delivery boy, who froze himself by mistake on New Year's Eve, 1999. He wakes up one thousand years later on New Year's Eve, 2999, and finds himself in "New" New York City. Fry wants to get a new job, though in the end he is forced to be a delivery boy. Fry tries to escape from his job and afterwards goes to Planet Express, a small delivery company that goes around the galaxy owned by his distant nephew, where he becomes a delivery boy. The series then describes the adventures of Fry and the other workers as they go around the universe making deliveries.


The first episode begins in the year 2999 later 3000, a time where there are many technological advancements, as well as a place where 21st century problems are treated as everyday situations. In a jab at segregation, for example, the series depicts the human prejudice against mutants as being so great that the latter have been forced to live underground in the sewers. The characters' home on Earth is the city of New New York, built over the ruins of present-day New York City, referred to as "Old New York".

There is a fictional religion named Robotology in the television show. It is similar to United States black churches.

Old episodes are now seen on Adult Swim (a part of Cartoon Network) and Too Funny To Sleep (a part of TBS) in the United States, on Teletoon in Canada, on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom plus Sky One, Sky Two, Sky Three and TV6 in the UK and Republic of Ireland, on Fox8 and Network Ten in Australia, on Pro 7 in Germany and on Canal Fox in Latin America, including Colombia, Argentina, Mexico, etc.


Radar

Radar is a machine that uses radio waves for echolocation to find objects such as aircraft, ships, and rain. 

The basic parts of a radar are:

By doing this, the radar can locate the object. Radar is used in many different ways. It can measure the speed and number of cars on a road, the amount of water in the air, and many other things. 

The radar transmitter sends radio pulses. By controlling how often the rapid pulses of radar energy are sent out by a radar transmitter (called the transmitter's "pulse repetition rate"), and how long it takes for the reflected pulse energy to come back to the radar receiver, one can tell where objects are, and how far away. Digital circuits in a radar receiver calculate the distance to an object by knowing the time interval between energy pulses. The radar receiver's digital circuits count how long it takes between pulses for an object's reflected energy to be detected by the radar receiver. Since radar pulses are sent and received at approximately the speed of light, the distance to an object can easily be calculated. This is done in digital circuits by multiplying the speed of light by the time it takes to receive the radar energy reflected back from an object.

The time between pulses influences how far away an object can be detected. That distance is called the "range" of a radar transmitter and receiver. Radar transmitters and receivers use slow repetition frequencies to find the distance to objects that are far away. This makes it possible to accurately determine the distance to the moon, for example. Fast repetition is used to detect objects that are much closer, like ships at sea, high flying aircraft, or to determine the speed of fast moving automobiles on highways.

Radar was first used in 1904 by Christian Hülsmeyer. He was given a patent for radar (Reichspatent Nr. 165546). Radar was vital in the Battle of Britain and other parts of World War II. The Axis countries failed to keep up with British and American radar technology during the war.

The word "RADAR" was created in 1942 as an acronym for Radio Detection and Ranging. This acronym replaced the British initialism "RDF" ("Radio Direction Finding"). The word is now thought of by many people as a regular word, no longer as an acronym. 

The FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) use several kinds of radar:



GameSpot

GameSpot is a website that was created in June 1996 by Pete Deemer, Vince Broady and Jon Epstein.

In the beginning the website was mainly about PC games. Another similar site, videogamespot.com was created in December of the same year to talk about console video game systems. In 1997, videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short time. Afterward in 1998, videogames.com and GameSpot.com joined together to become a single site.

GameSpot makes video game and PC reviews, previews, downloads, news, and information. It is known as one of the biggest game websites on the Internet. ZDNet bought GameSpot later on. However ZDNet was later bought by CNET Networks, who were then bought by CBS Corporation in March 2008. CBS Interactive are the owned GameSpot until they sold it in 2020 to Red Ventures. Fandom purchased GameSpot in 2022.

On October 3, 2005, GameSpot changed how the website looked, making it similar to what TV.com looks like.

TV.com

TV.com is a popular website owned by the CNET Games & Entertainment family of websites, which also includes GameSpot, GameFAQs and MP3.com. The website replaced the popular TV Tome website.

The website has information about television (mostly English-language television in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Ireland). Other than episode guides, TV.com also has news, reviews, photos, trailers and TV listings.

People can also get accounts on TV.com like other CNET websites. Users get a user page and can keep track of television shows. They can also add things like episode details and cast members.

Olive (color)

Olive is a color which looks like green or yellow. (when gray or black is added to yellow, the various shades of the color olive are produced). Some dark shades of olive can also be made by mixing a darker color (like brown) with green.

The most common place you will find the color olive is on an olive. It is the color of the outside of an olive. An olive's center is usually brown or sometimes orange or red.

There is a mineral called olivine that is colored a pale olive color.



400s

The 400s was a decade that started on 1 January 400 and ended on 31 December 409.


South Asia

South Asia (or Southern Asia) is the southern part of the continent of Asia.There are 8 countries that are generally included in this region. It is surrounded by (clockwise) West Asia, Central Asia, Eastern Asia, Southeastern Asia and the Indian Ocean. Countries in this part of the world are as follows:

The natural resource most used by the people is the rich land. Most of the people living there are farmers. They produce a lot of cashews, rice, peanuts, sesame seeds, and tea. A lot of natural gas is there, but these resources are usually underdeveloped. Many people there raise cattle and sheep. The cattle are raised for their milk or to carry things in Hindu areas. In India, the cattle are very important to the environment because the manure is a fertilizer for farmers.

The climate of South Asia can be divided into three basic types: tropical, dry, and temperate. The northeast is from tropical to subtropical. Moving west the moisture and elevation change, causing a steppe and a desert climate like in the Middle East. There is also a steppe climate in the center of the lower peninsula. Two parts of the South Asian climate especially affect the people. One is the "monsoon". These changing winds bring lots of the area's rain, so when they do not come early, the land becomes very dry. Hurricanes also happen every year and sometimes destroy many things and kill and injure people. In the extreme north of India and Pakistan, the climate is affected by the mountains. There is a mild climate near the Indus river where farmers grow crops like rice and tea.


Thermodynamics

Thermodynamics is a branch of physics that studies the relations between, heat, temperature, and energy. A branch of math called statistics is often used in thermodynamics to look at the motion of particles.

Thermodynamics is useful because it helps us understand how the world of the very small atoms connects to the large scale world we see everyday.

Thermodynamics also has two main branches called classical thermodynamics and statistical thermodynamics. An important idea in thermodynamics is that of a thermodynamic system.

An example of a thermodynamic system is a brick. A brick is made up of many atoms which all have their own properties. All thermodynamic systems have two kinds of properties, "extensive" and "intensive". For the brick, the extensive properties are the ones you get by adding up all the atoms. Things like the volume, energy, mass, and charge are extensive because two of the same brick put together have twice as much mass as one brick. The intensive properties of the brick are the ones you get by looking at the average over all atoms. Things like temperature, pressure, and density are intensive because two of the same brick still has the same temperature as one brick alone.

There are four laws of thermodynamics that say how energy can be moved between two objects in the form of heat. The laws of Thermodynamics point out how the energy in a system changes and if the system can work well with its surroundings.




Earlier, thermodynamics was studied to make steam engines work better. Now, ideas from thermodynamics are used in everything from making engines to studying black holes.

Scientists use thermodynamics for many reasons. One is to make better engines and refrigerators. Another is to understand the properties of everyday materials so that they can make them stronger in the future. Thermodynamics is also used in chemistry to explain which reactions will work and which will not (this study is known as chemical kinetics). Thermodynamics is powerful because simple models for atoms work well in explaining the properties of large systems like bricks.


Brookhurst, Wyoming

Brookhurst is a census-designated place in Natrona County, Wyoming, USA. About 192 people live there.

Bollywood

Bollywood, an Indian Hollywood, refers to the Hindi language movie industry in India.

The word is often used to describe Indian cinema as a whole, but more precisely it means Hindi language movies only. The term "Bollywood" combines Bombay (where most Hindi movies are made) and Hollywood (where most American movies are made).

Top 10 Bollywood actors are. Read 

Bollywood makes many movies each year. Many Bollywood movies are called "Masala" movies. In Hindi, "Masala" means spice. These movies usually have higher levels of emotions, songs, revenge and differences between rich and poor in them.

The movies made in Bollywood are usually in Hindi and Urdu. Some are made in Marathi, which is the main and official language of the state of Maharashtra, where Bollywood is located. Some are also in English. Often, poetic Urdu words are used; see also Lollywood (Pakistan Cinema).

The number of dialogues and songs in English has increased lately. There are movies now where parts of the dialogue are in English. There is also a growing number of movies which are in English. Some movies are also made in more than one language. This is either done with subtitles, or by using several soundtracks.

In general, Bollywood movies are like musicals. The audience expects to hear music. There are usually song-and-dance numbers as a part of the script. Often, the success of a movie depends on the quality of these musical numbers. Very often, the movie music is released before the movie. It helps make the audience bigger.

A good entertainer is generally referred to as "paisa vasool". This means "money's worth". Songs and dances, love triangles, comedy and thrills are all mixed up. Such movies are called "masala" movies, after the Hindustani word for a spice mixture, "masala". Like "masalas", these movies are a mixture of many things.

Bollywood movies are often longer than those made in Hollywood. A normal Bollywood movie is about 3 hours long. Bollywood movies are movies made for the masses. Other Indian movies are made inside or outside of the Bollywood tradition. They sometimes try to set higher standards. They often lose out at the box office to movies with more mass appeal.

Bollywood plots are usually melodramatic. They often use common ideas such as star-crossed lovers and angry parents, love triangles, family ties, sacrifice, corrupt politicians, kidnappers, scheming villains, hookers with a heart of gold, long-lost relatives and siblings separated by fate, dramatic reversals of fortune, and convenient coincidences.

Bollywood songs are called Hindi film songs or filmi songs. Most of the movies have songs in them. Bollywood songs along with dances are a characteristic part of Hindi cinema. They give these movies their popular appeal, cultural value and context. Songs are sung by playback singers which actors and actresses lip sync on screen.

Bollywood ways of doing things are changing, however. A large Indian diaspora in English-speaking countries, and increased Western influence at home, have moved Bollywood movies closer to movies made in Hollywood. Kisses in the movies are now allowed. Plots tend to show Westernised city people dating and dancing in discos instead of arranged marriages.

Movie critic Lata Khubchandani writes,""..our earliest movies...(had) liberal doses of sex and kissing scenes in them. Strangely, it was after Independence the censor board came into being and so did all the strictures.""
In 2001 five percent on Indian movies were shown in the United Kingdom which has a large Indian minority.

The emergence of streaming media and OTT platforms has disrupted the Bollywood industry as well. With COVID-19 affecting the entertainment industry worldwide, focus has shifted in recent year from cinema to web series. A number of successful web series are produced in Bollywood and overall the trend is shifting from musical films to different genres. This has also given rise to a trend of method acting in Bollywood, which more and more young actors are now taking up.


Dinah Washington

Dinah Washington (born Ruth Lee Jones; August 24, 1924 - December 14, 1963) was an American R&B and jazz singer. She was an African American who was born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama and raised in Chicago. She died of an accidental drug overdose in Detroit.


Robin Ward

Robin Ward (born Jacqueline McDonnell in 1941) was an American singer. She had a hit with her song "Wonderful Summer" in 1963.

Adrenal gland

The adrenal gland is a gland in most mammals. It is near the kidneys. Its name tells its position ("ad" – "near", and "renes" – "kidneys"). The gland is made up of two types of tissues: the centrally located tissue is called the adrenal medulla and outside this lies the adrenal cortex.

The adrenal glands are known as "suprarenal glands" in humans. In many animals the glands are next to the kidneys, but they are cap-like structures on top of the kidneys in humans.

The adrenal cortex produces three main types of steroid hormones: mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, and androgens. Mineralocorticoids (such as aldosterone) help in the regulation of blood pressure and electrolyte balance.

The adrenal gland makes hormones which control stress. It is involved in the production of steroid hormones. Among these hormones are cortisol and adrenaline.

The hormones secreted from the cortex region are called adrenocorticosteroids or corticoids. These are the hormones it makes:


The adrenal medulla, in the center of the gland, makes:

Chiswick

Chiswick is a district in the London Borough of Hounslow in West London. It is most famous as the home of the artist William Hogarth.

The Golden Girls

The Golden Girls was an American comedy television series. It ran from 1985 to 1992 on NBC. It was about a group of older women who lived in the same house in Miami, Florida. The series was produced by Paul Junger Witt.

The women were:


‏‎ 

Bark

Bark is the covering of the stems of woody plants, like trees. Bark protects the tree. Bark of different plants and trees can look very different, it can be rough or smooth and can have different colors. It is the outer layer of tree trunks.

Most of the bark grows from the vascular cambium. Some outer parts of the bark sometimes come from a cork cambium. In the bark are lenticels which allow gases to move in and out of those inner tissues which have living cells.

Bark of one kind or another has been on trees from the Carboniferous period. It is obvious on stems and branches, and on some kinds of storage organs.

Tartar

Tartar could mean:

Cowboy

Cowboy is a broad term for men who work on ranches. The word "cowboy" was used in England in the early 19th century but its use in the late 19th century in North America comes from the Spanish word . The cowboy has deep historic roots tracing back to Spain and the earliest European settlers of the Americas. In the United States the Native Americans and cowboys have a rich history, Still today, Native American cowboys are making a big impact in the world of rodeo.

Over the centuries Movies about cowboys are often called western movies. Movies often show them as fighting rather than working. Cowboys can be recognized by their big brown hats and lassos. Men who do similar work in Australia are called "stockmen".

Common clothing includes a belt with a big buckle, a cowboy hat, a lasso, a buttoned polo shirt, chaps, boots, and sometimes include another belt for carrying things while riding a horse.

A Cowboy is simply a person who works on a ranch and rides on a horse while he herds cattle. However, on the modern day ranch, the job has evolved into more duties such as branding, fencing, hay production, and machine and animal maintenance. Cowboys are also gunfighters, a lawman, outlaw, or a shooting exhibitionist, but was more commonly a hired gun who made a living with his weapons in the Old West.

In American culture, the idea of cowboys is of freedom and independence. It is part of the myth of the Wild West. In movies and other stories, white actors usually play cowboys, for example Clint Eastwood and John Wayne. In real life, many cowboys of the 1800s were black or Latino.

The fictional cowboy called Sheriff Woody is played by Tom Hanks.

In Britain, a "cowboy" is someone who charges money but is unskilled. For example, a "cowboy roofer" is someone who offers to fix a roof but does not know how to fix roofs.


Janet Reno

Janet Reno (June 21, 1938 – November 7, 2016) was the United States Attorney General from 1993 to 2001, under President Bill Clinton. She was the first woman to ever have this job.

Reno died on November 7, 2016 from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 78.

1493

1493 was a common year.

1285

1285 was a common year.


Alex Haley

Alexander Murray Palmer Haley (August 11, 1921 – February 10, 1992) was an African-American writer. He also had Irish and, according to his own telling, some Cherokee ancestry. He was born in Ithaca, New York. He is best known for "The Autobiography of Malcolm X", which he helped Malcolm X write, and his book "", which was about his family history and inspired a television mini-series. He died of a heart attack in Seattle, Washington.

Members of his family lineage that can be confirmed:

According to Haley, he based his novel "Roots" on oral tradition and research, including a visit to Africa.

About the first third of the book is of Haley's possible ancestor, Kunta Kinte, growing up in Africa in the 1700s. This part of the book describes the culture he lived in.

When Kinte is a teenager, he is kidnapped and taken across the Atlantic Ocean to Annapolis, Maryland. He is sold in Spotslvania County Virginia to John Waller and then to his brother William Waller. He tries to escape and fails. Part of his foot is cut off as punishment and so he cannot run away again. He marries a female slave cook named Bell. They have a daughter Kizzie who is sold at age sixteen. She is raped by Tom Lea and gives birth to a son, "Chicken George" Lea. Chicken George becomes a famous cockfighter, meaning he trains chickens for people to bet on as they fight. George marries and has six children, but his father sells him to a British man who takes him overseas. While George is away, his family is sold to a slave trader who sells them to the Murray family of Alamance County, North Carolina. George eventually returns to them. After the US Civil War of 1861-1865 rather than sharecrop, the family moves to Henning Tennessee. Chicken George's granddaughter Cynthia marries Will Palmer and they become Alex Haley's grandparents.

Roots won a Pulitzer Prize and a National Book award. It is unusual for a novel to do both.

At first, Haley said "Roots" was not a novel but non-fiction. But when scholars looked into his facts, they found many of them were wrong. Today, scholars think that the griot, the African scholar who talked to Haley, made up parts of the story. They think Haley was guessing or imagining things as well. Later, Haley would also admit that he copied parts of his book from a 1967 book called "The African".

Even though the book is not historically accurate, American scholars still say it is one of the most important novels in the country because it inspired African Americans to write more about Africa and slavery.

Trying to confirm the facts in Haley novel in regards to Africa and the Waller, Lea, and Murray families raised doubts.
Ironically, the Millses discovered a better fit to the Haley oral history in the written record than Haley himself had found. Dr. William Waller's father was "Colonel" William Waller, who owned a slave named Hopping George, a description consistent with a foot injury. Colonel Waller also owned a slave named Isbell, who may be the Bell in Haley family legend. Tom Lea's father lived in Spotsylvania County, Virginia, and he may have purchased some of Haley's ancestors from the Wallers. When the Lea family moved to North Carolina, they would have taken their slaves with them. The Leas lived in close proximity to the Murrays and Holts, and there are three Kizzies associated with the Lea and Murray families in the post-Civil War records.

Historian Henry Louis Gates Jr. was a friend of Haley, but years after Haley's death, Gates acknowledged doubts about the author's claims:

Most of us feel it's highly unlikely that Alex found the village whence his ancestors sprang. "Roots" is a work of the imagination rather than strict historical scholarship. It was an important event because it captured everyone's imagination." Gates later hosted the TV series "African American Lives" and "Finding Your Roots", which used DNA testing to corroborate family histories and genealogies. Haley wrote another novel in regard to his paternal grandmother Queen [Jackson] Haley but died before he could finish it; it was published posthumously as "". Ironically Subsequent DNA testing of Alex Haley's nephew Chris Haley revealed that Alec Haley, Alex's paternal grandfather (and Queen Haley's husband) was most likely descended from Scottish ancestors via William Harwell Baugh, an overseer of an Alabama slave plantation.

Harold Robbins

Harold Robbins (born Harold Rubin; May 21, 1916 – October 14, 1997) was an American author.

Baptism

Baptism is a rite or ceremony performed by Sikhs and Christians. It is done as a cleansing symbol. For Christians it shows that the person being baptized has become a follower of Jesus, and it can represent the joining of the Christian family. For Sikhs, taking Baptism or Amrit Sanskar is most important and it represent followers of Sikhism.

Roman Catholics baptize infants to mark their becoming members of the church. It is a sacrament usually performed by a priest. Anglicans, Methodists, Lutherans and Presbyterians also baptize babies. Baptists and many other churches, baptize only when the person is old enough to decide that they are ready to declare their faith in Christ.

Some religious groups practice baptism by sprinkling a small amount of water on the person, usually their head. Other groups put the person under the water. Almost all Christians baptize in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. A few baptize only in the name of Jesus. 

In the Old Testament, a similar washing ceremony was done when priests were ordained. Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist before he began his ministry. The usual form of baptism among the earliest Christians was for the person to be immersed totally or partially. But sprinkling, or pouring, was also practiced at an early day with sick and dying persons when total or partial immersion was not practical.


List of ethnic groups in China

There are many people in China, more than in any other country. They all have many different cultures, histories and beliefs. The Chinese government officially says there are 56 nationalities. They are called "zú" or "mínzú" in China. Of these, almost all of them (about 90%) are Han people (汉族 : Hàn Zú). The rest of these nationalities (called "ethnic minorities"), from biggest to smallest in population, are: 


Women's chastity was guarded by keeping them in the inner quarters of the house in Han culture and Manchus adopted this practice from Han after the Qing was founded. the Jurchens (Manchus) were former Ming subjects but were rejecting their previous status and revolting when Nurhaci declared the Later Jin dynasty in 1616 and his Seven Grievances in 1618 calling for revenge against the Ming killing his father and grandfather.

Shang dynasty

The Shang dynasty (existed from 1600BC - 1046BC) was the second dynasty in China following the Xia dynasty. Most of what we know about the Shang Dynasty is from reading pictures on oracle bones and bronze objects. A dynasty is a series of rulers which are considered to be part of the same family because they are ruling a country(s) over generations. According to tradition, the last Shang king was overthrown in 1046 BC. The succeeding dynasty was called the Zhou dynasty. 


 

Tang of Shang

King Tang of Shang, in Chinese:"湯", born Zi Lu, in Chinese:"子履" (1617 BC - 1588 BC) was the first king of the Shang dynasty in Chinese history. He fought Jie, the last king of the Xia dynasty.

He was the leader of his "tribe", or group of people, for more than 17 years. When he was a leader, he made many smart men officials to help fix his government. 

When he saw that the Xia Dynasty was starting to be weak, Tang started 16 wars fighting the Xia Dynasty, getting many lands. Tang finally defeated the dynasty in 1600bc.
Many people of his country thought he was a good leader. He made taxes smaller and did not force his people to be soldiers for a long time. He affected many people from foreign places.

Bu Bing

King Bu Bing of Shang of China, in Chinese:"卜丙", born Zi Sheng, in Chinese:"子勝". He was the forth king of the Shang Dynasty (1600 BC - 1046 BC). He was the second son of King Tang. 

In Records of the Grand Person, he was recorded as the second king of the Shang Dynasty. In that book he is given the name "Wai Bing", in Chinese:"外丙". But in the oracle script, he was recorded as the forth king of the Shang Dynasty. In these records his name is "Bu Bing",in Chinese:"卜丙".

New Year's Eve

New Year's Eve is the holiday before New Year's Day, on December 31, the last day of the current year. 

Today, Western countries usually celebrate this day with a party which ends with a group countdown to midnight. Party hats, noisemakers, fire crackers and drinking champagne are fairly common during this holiday.

Many towns also have firework shows or other noisy ways to start the new year. Places like Berlin, Chicago, Edinburgh, Los Angeles, London, New York, Paris, Rio de Janeiro, Sydney, Toronto, and Tokyo are well known for their New Year's Eve celebrations.

New Year's Eve is also a work holiday in some countries, such as Australia, Argentina, Brazil, France, Mexico, the Philippines, and Venezuela.


Chen dynasty

The Chen dynasty () was the fourth and the last of the southern dynasties in China. It was an ethnic Han dynasty.

Few records survive from the time of the Chen dynasty. However, the records that exist say that the dynasty was strong and rich. Legend says that the Chen dynasty had ten times more wealth than Europe at the time. The Chen dynasty's rulers had a tax system and ruling system similar to the Kang-Qian 'flourishing age'. (The Kang-Qian age was the last and richest Chinese feudal dynasty).

The Chen dynasty took in an enormous amount of silver, which was used as money at the time. The records that still exist say that the dynasty had as much as 30 million taels of silver in their reserves. (A silver tael weighed about 30 grams.) During the Chen dynasty, there was also a huge demand for Chinese silk, spices, porcelain, artwork, and many other products.

In the year 589, the Sui dynasty took over the Chen dynasty after the last Chen Emperor abdicated (gave up his position as Emperor).

Fighter aircraft

Fighter aircraft are small military planes that are made to fight other airplanes. They are often fast, having aerodynamic shapes (shapes that make them move through air easily) and very powerful engines for their size. 

Fighters may carry many different kinds of weapons, including missiles, machine guns, and bombs. Fighters may be used as attack aircraft to attack vehicles, soldiers, or buildings on the ground. They are different from bombers because they are mainly designed to fight other airplanes. 

Specialized fighters have been made, such as night fighters, interceptors, and air superiority fighters.
Fighter aircraft also usually are maneuverable (turn well). 


https://techvozone.com/best-fighter-jets-in-the-world/

Aircraft carrier

Aircraft carriers are warships that carry airplanes and other aircraft like helicopters. They are used by navies to allow aircraft to fight along with naval warships. Aircraft carriers are usually very large, carrying hundreds or thousands of sailors and tens or hundreds of aircraft.

The top of an aircraft carrier is called the flight deck and looks like a very small airport. Old aircraft carriers carried airplanes that could takeoff and land in the short distance of the flight deck without help. Similarly, small modern aircraft carriers only carry helicopters or specially designed airplanes such as the Harrier that can take off and land straight up and down or in the short distance of the flight deck. 

The flight deck of a large, modern aircraft carrier has a landing area and a take-off area. The landing area is in the back and has a short runway. Airplanes stop by using a hook on the back of the airplane to grab wires stretched across the runway. In the front, the flight deck has a steam-powered catapult that connects to the front wheel of an airplane. The catapult pulls and throws the airplane off the deck, helping it take off quickly. So, aircraft carriers are basically small, floating, mobile airports. 

Because they are big ships and need much electric power, big modern aircraft carriers are steamships. Some have on-board nuclear power plants Others burn fuel oil.

Except for their airplanes, aircraft carriers usually have few weapons, so other warships escort them. Together, the aircraft carrier and these warships form a carrier group.

Edward Kasner

Edward Kasner (1878–1955) is an American mathematician (person who studies math). He is famous for creating the word googol and the word googolplex.

Kasner went to Columbia University and received his Ph.D. (a degree (measure) of learning) in 1899.

Around 1920, Kasner decided to make a good, catchy name for a very big number (one, followed by a hundred zeros). While he was walking with his nephews Milton (c. 1911–1980) and Edwin Sirotta in New Jersey's Palisades, Kasner asked them to think of good names. Milton was the one who said "googol".

In 1940, with James Roy Newman, Kasner made a book about math called "Mathematics and the Imagination" . It was in this book that the name "googol" was first used.

The website Google was named after Kasner's number googol.



Bay of Bengal

The Bay of Bengal is a bay in the northeastern part of the Indian Ocean, west of the Malay Peninsula and east of India. It looks like a triangle. It is called the "Bay of Bengal", because to the north are the Indian state of West Bengal and the country of Bangladesh. It is an extended part of the Indian Ocean, but part of the sea landed on part of Bangladesh. It has four sea ports on part of Bangladesh. The Bay of Bengal was named in the history of Bangladesh.

Malay Peninsula

The Malay Peninsula (Malay: "Semenanjung Tanah Melayu") is a big peninsula in Southeast Asia. The place is divided into three political parts. This includes:


Jubilee line

The Jubilee line is a line on the London Underground. It runs from Stanmore in north-west London to Stratford in east London. The colour of the Jubilee line on tube maps is grey.

The line opened on 1 May 1979, taking over one of the Bakerloo Line's two branches to relieve the main part of the line. To the Baker Street to Stanmore part a new four-kilometre part into central London was added, terminating at a new station at Charing Cross railway station.

The old Charing Cross station, on the Circle, District, Bakerloo and Northern lines, was renamed Embankment. The new Charing Cross tube station created a new interchange, from the stations of Strand on the Northern Line and Trafalgar Square on the Bakerloo.

The Jubilee Line of 1979 was to be the first part of the project, but because of the lack of money the line stayed the same until the late 1990s. Phase 2 would have extended the line along Fleet Street to stations at Aldwych, Ludgate Circus, Cannon Street, Fenchurch Street, St Katherine's Dock, Wapping and then under the River Thames to New Cross, terminating at Lewisham. An alternative plan was created in the late 1970s to extend the Jubilee Line in parallel with the River Thames, this would taken the Line from Wapping to Thamesmead Via Surrey Docks North, Canary Wharf, North Greenwich, Custom House, Silvertown, Woolwich Arsenal and to Thamesmead. However the 'river line' extension as it was called was too expensive and construction of the extension never started.

Changes in land use, particularly the new areas in the Docklands area, caused the project to change considerably in the 1990s. The Jubilee Line Extension, opened in three stages in 1999, split from the existing line at Green Park, creating a one-station branch to Charing Cross, which is now closed (although it is still sometimes opened for occasional use as a film set). With the extension, the Jubilee Line is the only line on the London Underground network that crosses all other lines.

When the Jubilee Line was opened, it was run with 1972 trains. In 1984 the 1972 trains were replaced by the new 1983 trains. The old 1972 Stock were used on the Northern Line. The 1983 trains proved to be unreliable in service, with their single doors making passenger loading and unloading slower than on other trains with wider doors. With the opening of the Jubilee Line Extension, the opportunity was taken to introduce new trains, and today the line is worked by 1996 trains.



Medical emergency

A medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person's long-term health or life. It needs to be treated immediately. Doctors that are trained in emergency medicine are taught how to react to medical emergencies, and how to resuscitate patients.

When there is a medical emergency, emergency medical services should be notified as soon as possible by calling for help using a local emergency telephone number, such as "911" in the United States or Canada, "112" in most of continental Europe and on GSM cell phones, "999" in the UK and most of its former colonies (112 works as well), "15" in France, "118" in Italy, "119" in South Korea and Japan, "000" in Australia, "101" in Israel and "111" in New Zealand. Calls to emergency services are usually free of charge; they can be made from any phone; in the case of a prepaid phone no credit is required. 

The people that answer emergency calls, emergency medical dispatchers, will ask questions about the person who needs immediate treatment; some of the questions are whether the person is conscious, how badly injured they are, their name if it is known, and if they have any other illnesses. They will also ask some basic information about the called, such as the name of the person calling. 

Many countries have laws that require anyone to help those in immediate danger. Help can mean as little as alerting emergency services, or telling other people that the person is having a problem. People that know first aid are expected to help as much as they can. Moving the victim to a safe place can sometimes do more harm than good, and should be left to people that know how to properly move injured people unless there is no alternative (for example, in wilderness first aid). Many states have laws that protect those helping.

If the victim is not breathing, or if a heartbeat cannot be felt, artificial respiration and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) could be needed to keep a person's blood circulating long enough for medics to attempt revival. Emergency medical technicians, Outdoor Emergency Care technicians or paramedics can use airway management techniques to help a person who is not breathing.

While in a hospital environment, staff members that are on duty are trained to deal with emergency situations. Emergency medical physicians are trained to deal with many medical emergencies, and have up-to-date cardiopulmonary resuscitation and advanced cardiac life support certificates. In major incidents, most hospitals have protocols to have staff that are not at work at the hospital to go on duty as fast as they can.

Emergency departments follow basic advanced cardiac life support protocols, which include keeping a patient's blood pressure and blood saturation at acceptable levels. Possible exceptions include the clamping of arteries in severe haemorrhage.

Most emergencies are quite unspectacular. They will happen close to home.

Of all emergencies:

Southeast Asia

Southeast Asia or Southeastern Asia, is the southeastern part of Asia. There are ten countries in this region. All the countries in Southeast Asia are a part of ASEAN, except for East Timor. Some of the countries are mostly on the Asian mainland; they were formerly called Indochina. The others are only on islands. All of the countries in Southeast Asia are in the tropics except for the northernmost areas of Myanmar, which is in the subtropics. 

These are the countries and territories in Southeast Asia:

The United Nations also includes the region of Northeast India and Southeast Bangladesh traditionally, due to ethnicity similarities and culturally as part of Southeast Asia.


Sprint

Sprints are short running races in athletics. They are events in which runners will not have to "pace themselves", but can run as fast as possible for the entire distance. These are often some of the more popular events in the Olympic Games. The most common distances are 60 meters, 100 meters, 200 meters ,400 meters and 1500 metres. 


Boxer (dog)

The Boxer is a breed of dog. With good care, a Boxer can be an ideal pet and companion.

Boxers are good guard dogs. They are strong and like to run in open spaces. They can have a coat in various colors, such as fawn, brindle, fawn-brindle mix, white, white-fawn mix, and brindle-white mix. Males are 22-25 inches at the withers (tops of the shoulders) and the females are 21-24 inches at the withers. These dogs can range from medium size (65 lbs) to medium large (75 lbs). Boxers are one of the most popular breeds of dogs in the US and over-breeding is a concern.

Boxers are loyal dogs and unlike certain breeds, are not "one-person" dogs. They can become loyal to a person, family or group of persons and family friends. They make friends by nature and are curious dogs who love to explore. They are well-suited to be with children and elderly persons, though they can knock people down playing. These dogs may be feared because of their fearsome stance that can look intimidating. They rarely bark without a reason.

They have a high energy level and require lots of exercise. They love to play and have fun. Owners note that they act "puppy-like" their entire lifetime. Their temperament is jovial. Mean Boxers are a rarity. Boxers love to chase, run, play tag and get any form of attention whenever possible. Boxers are easy to train to do tricks, especially for rewards including attention, love and recognition. They are clever dogs with a good memory. They love to ride in vehicles and are good "road trip" dogs. 

These dogs can have some neurotic behaviors and can become anxious if left alone. If they are left alone, "crate-training" is important. Dogs who are crate trained do not mind the practice and often feel secure in a den-like setting. But being in an open house may make the dog agoraphobic, causing them to destroy things. Boxers are easily trained and want to please. While not aggressive, they will show some protective behaviors over their owners and families, especially children. Boxers do well with other dogs and pets such as cats, if they are properly acquainted and socialized. Because Boxers are very bright dogs, they may challenge an owner mentally by being defiant or by being openly obstinate. This type of behavior requires training and patience.

Many veterinarians now refuse to crop (cut, bandage and splint to produce points) the Boxer's ears and many owners prefer the "naturally-floppy ears" to avoid painful and possibly cruel cosmetic surgery. Many owners like the cute appearance. Most Boxers have their tail cropped at birth. White Boxers, which were drowned at birth for much of the breed's span, are now sold or allowed to be distributed as pets, though most are neutered or spayed to prevent breeding. 

Medical issues common to Boxers include hereditary conditions such as hip dysplasia, certain forms of heart defects and certain forms of cancer. A reputable breeder vs. a "puppy-mill" Boxer is recommended. All dogs should get all necessary and regular vaccinations, have regular veterinarian checkups and teeth cleanings, along with a good diet and plenty of exercise. The average lifespan of a healthy Boxer is 9–11 years. Many people get a Boxer and then may give it to a rescue or pound because they are not ready or willing to devote the time that Boxers require for training and attention. A Boxer will not be ignored and will go to great lengths to draw attention to itself, good or even bad. Jumping on people is a common complaint, so positive reinforcement training is a must. They are affable, lovable, clown-like, yet dedicated dogs who adore their owner(s).

The Boxer was bred in Germany and was originally bred for bull-bating and dog fights, but when that was ruled out they were used as hunting dogs and farm dogs and just regular house pets. The Boxer breed was created from the brabanter and Bullenbeiser. Though originally bred to fight and later used as a military sentry or police dog, Boxer owners will confirm that this type of role is no longer suitable for Boxers, as many decades of breeding had produced a dog that is too docile for this type of duty.

American Graffiti

American Graffiti is a 1973 American teen comedy-drama movie directed by George Lucas. This was Lucas' second movie and made him very well known. It is about what happens to a group of teenagers one night in August 1962 in Modesto, California, while they are driving around town and listening to radio DJ Wolfman Jack.

Lake Vostok

Lake Vostok is the biggest of the seventy lakes in Antarctica that are under sheets of ice. It is at 77° S 105° E. It is under Russia's Vostok Station. It is 4,000 meters (13,000 feet) under Antarctica's surface. 

The lake was found by Russian and British scientists. They used radar to find it. 

The lake consists of fresh water. The temperature of the water is about -3 °C. The freezing point of water is at 0 °C, but the water in the lake remains liquid because of the high pressure produced by the ice. 

There are two separate basins in the lake. These are separated by a ridge. It has been suggested that the ecosystems of the two basins are different.

Lake Vostok is an oligotrophic extreme environment. It is supersaturated with oxygen. The levels of oxygen are fifty times higher than those typically found in ordinary freshwater lakes on Earth. 
The weight of the ice on top of Lake Vostok is believed to add to the high concentration of oxygen. Oxygen from the ice gets dissolved into the water of the lake. Deposits of oxygen and other gases are trapped in the lake as well. The structure that traps them is called a clathrate. Gases trapped in clathrates are enclosed in ice and look like packed snow. These structures form at the high-pressure depths of Lake Vostok; they would become unstable if brought to the surface.

No other natural environment on Earth is as rich in oxygen. For this reason, if there are any forms of life in the lake, they would probably need to have adapted to the high levels of oxygen to be able to survive. Some adaptations might include high concentrations of protective enzymes.

The environment in the lake is very similar to that on Jupiter's moon Europa or Saturn's moon Enceladus. Finding life in the lake would therefore make it more probable that life has existed on one of these moons.


Infrared

Infrared (IR) radiation is a type of electromagnetic radiation (a wave with electricity) . The wave is longer than light which humans can see and shorter than microwaves. The word "infrared" means "below red". It comes from the Latin word "infra" (meaning "below") and the English word "red". (Infrared light has a frequency "below" the frequency of red light.) Red light has the longest wavelength that human eyes can see. Infrared waves cannot be seen by the eye.

Near-infrared waves are between 800 nm and 1.4 µm. Most infrared from the Sun is near-infrared. Thermal imaging is mostly done with thermal radiation waves between 8 and 15 µm.

People sense infrared as heat.

Most remote controls use infrared to send the control signals. Many missiles for anti-aircraft warfare find their target by infrared.

Before Bluetooth was invented, some computers, personal digital assistants, and cell phones used infrared technology to send files to other devices. Bluetooth replaced infrared in the early 2000s. Infrared is limited by the need to have both devices in a "line of sight" with each other.

Infrared lasers are used to provide the light for optical fiber communications systems. Infrared light with a wavelength around 1,330 nm (least dispersion) or 1,550 nm (best transmission) are the best choices for standard silica fibers.


Municipalities of Republika Srpska

In 1994, the "Law on Territorial Organization and Local Self-Government" was created. It made the Republika Srpska into 80 parts, called municipalities. However, because of the Dayton Peace Agreement in 1996, there are now 63 parts. 



Republika Srpska

Republika Srpska (Serbo-Croatian: Република Српска / Republika Srpska) is one of the two parts of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The other part is the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and there is also a special city that is not in either, the Brčko District. It is located in Southeastern Europe, more precisely in the western part of the Balkan Peninsula. The largest city is Banja Luka and is the seat of most of the institutions of the Republika Srpska, as well as its political, administrative, economic and university center. Srpska shares a state border with the Republic of Serbia, Montenegro and the Republic of Croatia, and the inter-entity demarcation line with the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Srpska was created due to the Bosnian War.

Republika Srpska has seven main parts (called regions). They are:

Kenneth Branagh

Sir Kenneth Branagh (born 10 December 1960) is a British actor, movie director and television producer. He played Hamlet. He has directed and acted in many Shakespeare adaptations. He has acted alongside popular actors including: Emma Thompson, Keanu Reeves, Michael Keaton, Maggie Smith and Alan Rickman. He is also known as Director and star for his Hercule Poirt film adaptations.

Since Richard Attenborough's death in August 2014, Branagh has been the president of the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Arts in London.

In 2022, he won a Golden Globe Award and Academy Award for screenplay writing for his movie "Belfast".

Sculpture

Sculpture is a type of art. It must be three-dimensional (meaning it must have height, width, and depth like a cube). There are many kinds of sculptures from different parts of the world, like China and India, or from different time periods, like the Renaissance and modern times. The pictures below are of sculptures:


Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor

Charles V (24 February 1500 21 September 1558) was Holy Roman Emperor from 1519, King of Castile and Aragon from 1516, and Lord of the Low Countries as Duke of Burgundy from 1506. 

Philip the Handsome (son of Maximilian I of Austria and Mary of Burgundy) and Joanna the Mad (daughter of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile) were his parents. He ruled Austria, Spain, Two Sicilies, Sardinia, Germany, Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, Hungary, Bohemia, Croatia, Mexico, Peru, and Venezuela.

"His Majesty" or "His Imperial Majesty" was first used when he was king. His Empire became large and was known as "in which the sun does not set". He was also known as "The Emperor of Universal Dominion."

He divided his empire between his brother Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and his son Philip II of Spain.

Renaissance

The Renaissance is a period in European history that followed the Middle Ages and ended in the 17th century. “Renaissance” is a French word for “cultural rebirth.” During this period, there was a “rebirth” of classical learning. People started relearning the teachings of scholars from Ancient Greece, Rome, and other ancient societies. The Renaissance is often said to be the start of the "modern age"

During the Renaissance, there were many advances in art, literature, the sciences, mathematics, and culture. Many famous artists, writers, philosophers, and scientists lived during this period. A person who is clever at a great number of things is sometimes called a "Renaissance man". The most famous Renaissance man is Leonardo da Vinci, who was a painter, a scientist, a musician and a philosopher.

The Renaissance started in Italy, but soon spread across the whole of Europe. In Italy, the period is divided into three parts:

Following the "Mannerist" period was the "Baroque" period, which also spread across Europe starting around 1600. Outside Italy, it can be hard to tell where the "Renaissance" period ends and the "Baroque" begins.

In the Middle Ages, most artistic, legal, and historical production took place in and around books. Monasteries, churches, universities, and people who could afford them produced and owned books. Books were produced entirely by hand, which is why they were called manuscripts; illuminated manuscripts include hand-colored, drawn, and gilded pictures.

Most books at that time were written in Latin, Greek, and Roman, which was used in the Catholic Church. Only priests and well-educated people read Latin then. People were forbidden by law from translating the Bible into Italian, English, German, French, or other "local" languages.

Around 1440 the first printed books were made in Europe. The printing press made it possible to print copies of large books like the Bible and sell them cheaply. It took 300 calf skins or 100 pig skins to print the Bible. Printers soon began to print everything that they thought was interesting: Ancient Greek and Roman writings, poetry, and plays; stories about the lives of the saints; mathematics textbooks; medical textbooks; Christian stories; erotic stories; books about animals and monsters; maps of the world; and advice to princes about how to rule their people.

Before the invention of the printing press, knowledge had belonged to priests, monasteries and universities. Suddenly many thousands of people, even merchants, could learn far more than they ever could before.
From about 400 B.C. to about 400 AD, Europe experienced a Golden Age. In Ancient Greece and Rome, there were many philosophers, writers, painters, sculptors, architects and mathematicians. Things were beautiful, well-organized and well-run.

However, by the year 1400, the city of Rome was in ruins. Inside the broken walls that had been smashed in 410 AD were the remains of huge temples, sports arenas, public baths, apartment blocks and palaces. Nearly all of them were half-buried and ruined, so they could not be used. Many were pulled down to use as building stone.

Among the ruins of this once-great city, the people of Rome lived in cottages. They still went to church in the huge churches (basilicas) built by the first Christian Emperor, Constantine the Great, in the 4th century. They still held market day in the Ancient Roman market place of "Campo dei Fiori" ("Field of Flowers").

In 1402, Filippo Brunelleschi and a teenage Donatello came to Rome. They were probably the world's first archaeologists. They were fascinated by everything that they saw. They measured ancient ruined buildings, drew things, and dug around for weeks looking for bits of broken statues and painted pottery that they could put back together. By the time they went back home to Florence, they knew more about Ancient Roman architecture and sculpture than anyone had known for about a thousand years. Brunelleschi became a very famous architect and Donatello became a very famous sculptor.

The "Renaissance" really began in the city of Florence. In those days, Italy was not one single country. It was made of many little states, all governed in different ways. These states were constantly making alliances and fighting with each other.

Rome was politically powerful, because Rome had the Pope, the person in control of the Roman Catholic Church. Because of his very great importance as a spiritual leader, most people and most cities did not want to argue with any pope. After a pope died, a new pope was elected. Everyone who was rich and powerful hoped a member of their family would be chosen. It was always a good idea to have several young men in the family trained as priests, just in case. It also helped to be good friends with other rich families. One way to do this was to have lots of daughters and get them to marry rich powerful men from different cities. This was the way that politics worked.

There were other powerful cities in Italy too. Venice had a large and powerful navy. Milan controlled trade with Northern Europe and was very rich. Genoa was also very rich, because it controlled trade with France and Spain. Florence, where many people say the Renaissance started, was another important city.

Florence’s strength did not come from a strong army, a strong fortress, or control over trade. It came from banking. The Medicis were an important banking family. They helped to make Florence a powerful city and the centre of Renaissance learning.

Capture of Constantinople










Lava

Lava is magma, hot molten rock that flows through holes in the Earth's crust and onto the surface. Like magma, lava can be either viscous (~thick) or fluid (~thin). Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground. Other types of lava, like "pahoehoe", "aa", and "pillow lava", are thinner and flow faster. Lava sometimes sets things on fire. Sometimes it even destroys towns.

"Blocky lava" is cool, stiff lava that cannot travel far from where it was erupted. Blocky lava usually oozes out from a volcano only after an explosion has let out lots of the gas pressure from the place where there is magma. Blocky lava makes jumbled piles of sharp chunks.

Pronounced "pah HOY HOY", "pahoehoe" gets its name from the Hawaiian word for "ropy" because its surface looks like coils of rope. Pahoehoe lava flows slowly, like wax dripping down from a candle, making a glassy surface with round wrinkles.

"Aa" is a Hawaiian word that is pronounced "AH-AH". This lava that has a sharp, jagged surface. This stiff lava pours out quickly and makes a crust that breaks easily. The crust is torn into sharp pieces as the hot lava underneath still moves.

Pillow lava is made when lava erupts underwater. It makes round lumps that are the size and shape of pillows. Pillow lava has a round shape because the lava cools very quickly when it touches water.

They occur wherever mafic or intermediate lavas push out under water. This happens along marine hotspot volcano chains and the constructive plate boundaries of mid-ocean ridges. Pillow lavas occur in the oldest preserved volcanic sequences on earth, the Isua and Barberton greenstone belts. This shows that large bodies of water were on the Earth's surface early in the Archaean. Pillow lavas are used generally to show volcanism occurred underwater in metamorphic belts. Pillow lavas are also found where volcanoes were under ice early before an eruption.

A lava tube is a natural channel formed in flowing lava. The lava continues flowing under the tube's upper surface. Later, when the lava is cooled and solid, the tube remains as a feature in the landscape.


Greenwich Village

Greenwich Village is an area on the western part of southern/downtown Manhattan. It is sometimes called "The Village". The Village is mainly residential.

Greenwich Village is bordered by Broadway to the east, Hudson River to the west, Houston Street to the south and 14th Street to the north.
Originally, Greenwich Village was a hamlet separate to New York City. The grid plan for its streets is less orderly than in parts of Manhattan that were built later. 

The village is located on what used to be marshland. In the 16th century, Native Americans called it "Sapokanikan" which means "tobacco field". In the 1630s, it was turned into pasture by the Dutch, who called it "Noortwyck". In 1664, when the English captured the Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam, and Greenwich Village developed as a hamlet.

In 1712, it officially became a village, and was named Grin'wich in the 1713 Common Council records. Following a yellow fever epidemic in 1822, many New York residents moved to the healthier air of Greenwich; where many stayed. In the 19th century, it was known as Washington Square.


Yoshiki

Yoshiki's solo career includes two classical studio albums: "Eternal Melody" (1993), and "Eternal Melody II" (2005).

Aragon

Aragon is an autonomous community in the northeast of Spain. In the various dialects of Spain it is: in ; in ; in .

Aragon covers the area of the medieval Kingdom of Aragon. It is named after the Aragón river, a tributary of the Ebro.

Aragon has three provinces (from north to south): Huesca, Zaragoza and Teruel. Its capital is Zaragoza (sometimes called "Saragossa" in English).

Aragon is one of the 17 Spanish autonomous communities. It has a surface area of , 9.4 percent of the territory of Spain. By area, it is the fourth largest Spanish autonomous community after Castile and León, Andalusia and Castile-La Mancha.

Aragon is bordered to the north by France (Nouvelle-Aquitaine region). Within Spain, the community is bordered to the east by Catalonia (Lerida and Tarragona provinces), to the south by Valencian Community (Castellón and Valencia provinces) and Castile-La Mancha (Cuenca and Guadalajara provinces), and to the west by Castile and León (Soria province), La Rioja and Navarre.

Most of Aragon has an altitude of . The highest point is the Aneto peak with high; it is the highest mountain of the Pyrenees.

The lowest point in Aragon is on the Ebro river, close to Zaragoza, with an altitude of high.

The three main geographical regions of Aragon are:

Most of the Aragonese rivers are tributaries of the Ebro, Spain's largest river in volume and which divides Aragon into two. Some important tributaries on the left side of the river (rivers that come from the Pyrenees) are the Aragón, born in Huesca but flows into the community of Navarre, the Gállego and Cinca, which joins the Segre just before ending up in the Ebro. Right tributaries are the rivers Jalón, Huerva and Guadalupe.

On the Ebro, near the border with Catalonia, lies the Mequinenza Reservoir, with a length of about 110 km, and that is popularly known as the "Sea of Aragon".

Climatically, Aragon can be divided into three areas:

In the middle of Aragon, which is only above sea level, the annual average temperature is around . To the north and south of the Ebro valley, where the elevation rises to above sea level, the temperature drops by two degrees. In the mountains, between , the temperatures are between .

Aragon consists of three provinces named after their capitals: Huesca, Teruel and Zaragoza. Each province is divided in "comarcas" (a "comarca" is a local administrative division) and these are divided in municipalities.

Aragon has a population, in 2013, of 1,347,150, for a population density of inhabitants/km, one of the lowest in Spain. The most densely populated areas are around the valley of the Ebro river, particularly around Zaragoza, and in the Pyrenean s (the hills at the base of the Pyrenees), while the areas with the fewest inhabitants tend to be those that are higher up in the Pyrenean mountains, and in most of the southern province of Teruel.

The province of Zaragoza is the one with more inhabitants, with 978,638 people living there, representing % of the population of Aragon.

The city with more people living in it is the capital, Zaragoza (620,419). The other provincial capitals Huesca and Teruel have, respectively, 47,923 and 31,506 inhabitants.

The 10 most important cities in the department are:

Spanish is the native language in most of Aragón. The only official language, it is understood and spoken by virtually everyone in the region.Also, Aragonese is still spoken, in several local varieties, in the mountainous northern counties of the Pyrenees, particularly in western Ribagorza, Sobrarbe, Jacetania and Somontano. In the easternmost areas of Aragón, along the border with Catalonia, varieties of Catalan are spoken, including the comarcas of eastern Ribagorza, La Litera, Bajo Cinca, Bajo Aragón-Caspe, Bajo Aragón and Matarraña.


Aragonese language

The Aragonese language is a Romance language spoken in the north of Aragon by 10,000 people.

It is similar to nearby languages: Spanish, Catalan and Occitan. Also, many Aragonese words are similar to Basque words.

Aragonese, which developed in parts of the Ebro basin, can be traced back to the High Middle Ages. It spread throughout the Pyrenees to areas where languages almost the same as modern Basque might have been spoken before. The Kingdom of Aragon (formed by the counties of Aragon, Sobrarbe and Ribagorza) expanded to the south from the mountains. It pushed the Moors farther south in the Reconquista and spreading the Aragonese language.

The union of the Catalan counties and the Kingdom of Aragon which formed the 12th-century Crown of Aragon did not merge the languages of the two areas; Catalan continued to be spoken in the east and Navarro-Aragonese in the west. The Aragonese Reconquista in the south ended when James I of Aragon gave Murcia to the Kingdom of Castile as dowry for an Aragonese princess.

The best-known writer in Aragonese was Johan Ferrandez d'Heredia, the Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller in Rhodes at the end of the 14th century. He wrote a lot of works in Aragonese and translated several works from Greek into Aragonese (the first in medieval Europe).

The spread of Spanish, the Castilian origin of the Trastámara dynasty, and the similarity between Spanish and Aragonese helped the decline of the latter. A turning point was the 15th-century coronation of the Castilian Ferdinand I of Aragon, also known as Ferdinand of Antequera.

In the early 18th century, after the defeat of the allies of Aragon in the War of the Spanish Succession, Philip V ordered the prohibition of the Aragonese language in the schools and the institution of Spanish as the only official language in Aragon. This was ordered in the Aragonese Nueva Planta decrees of 1707.

In recent times, Aragonese was mostly seen as a group of rural dialects of Spanish. After the 1978 Spanish transition to democracy new books and studies of the language have been published.

1178

1178 was a common year.


251

251 (CCLI) was .



1280

Year 1280 (MCCLXXX) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.




675

675 was a common year.


1195

1195 (MCXCV) was .




1106

1106 was a common year.


525

525 was a common year.


1380

September 8th - Battle of Kulikovo.


303

Year 303 (CCCIII) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar. 







1221

1221 was a common year.


1304

1304 (MCCCIV) was .

1156

1156 was a leap year.


1226

1226 was a common year.


1219

1219 was a common year.


1711

1711 was a common year.



1765

1765 (MDCCLXV) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday of the 11-day slower Julian calendar.

1590

1590 was a common year.

1628

1628 was a leap year.

1105

1105 was a common year.


1622

1622 was a common year.

Levi Eshkol

Levi Eshkol (born Levi Shkolnik, October 25, 1895 – February 26, 1969) was the 3rd Prime Minister of Israel from 1963 until his death in 1969. He is buried in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

Sidney Sheldon

Sidney Sheldon (February 11, 1917 - January 30, 2007) was an American screenwriter and novelist. He wrote the screenplays for twenty-three motion pictures including "Easter Parade" and "Annie Get Your Gun". He also created four long-running television series. He is also included in the "Guinness Book of Records" as, "The Most Translated Author".

His novels include:


Mackenzie Bowell

Sir Mackenzie Bowell, PC, KCMG (27 December 1823–10 December 1917) was the fifth Prime Minister of Canada from 21 December 1894 to 27 April 1896.

Bowell was born in Rickinghall, Suffolk, England to John Bowell and Elizabeth Marshall. In 1832 his family moved to Belleville, Ontario. He started work helping the printer at the town newspaper, "The Intelligencer". He became printer and editor with that newspaper, and later its owner. He was a Freemason and an Orangeman, becoming Grandmaster of the Orange Order of British North America, 1870 – 1878. In 1847 he married Harriet Moore (1829 – 1884). He had four sons and five daughters.

Bowell was elected to the House of Commons in 1867, as a Conservative, for North Hastings, Ontario. In 1878 he became Minister of Customs. In 1892 he became Minister of Militia and Defence. He was a skilled and hardworking administrator. He later became Minister of Trade and Commerce. He was elected to the Senate. His visit to Australia in 1893 led to the first meeting of British colonies and territories. It was held in Ottawa in 1894. He became Leader of the Government in the Senate on October 31 1893.

In December 1894 the Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly. Bowell was the most senior Cabinet minister and was appointed Prime Minister by the Governor General. Bowell was the second of two Canadian Prime Ministers to serve in the Senate rather than the House of Commons. (The first was John Abbott.)

As Prime Minister, Bowell faced the difficult Manitoba Schools Question. In 1890 Manitoba stopped giving money to Catholic schools. This was the opposite of an earlier law called in the Manitoba Act of 1870. Bowell other political leaders could not solve the problem. It had divided the country, the government, and even Bowell's own Cabinet. He could not make up his own mind on how to fix the problem. As a Senator he could not speak in the arguments in the House of Commons. Bowell supported a law that would have forced Manitoba to restore funding the Catholic schools. His Cabinet did not agree. Normal government activities stopped. His Cabinet decided he did not have the ability to be Prime Minister and he was forced to resign. Seven government ministers resigned and stopped new people from being appointed. Bowell called them "a nest of traitors". After ten days, the Governor General stepped in and the problem was solved. Six of the ministers went back to their jobs. Charles Tupper was the person who was seen as the real leader. Tupper had been Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. He had been asked to come back and taker over from Bowell. Bowell resigned at the end of the parliamentary session.

Bowell was the Conservative leader until 1906. He stayed in the Senate until his death. He died of pneumonia in Bellville, just before he turned 94. He was buried in the Belleville Cemetery. His funeral was attended by a full group of the Orange Order.

Bowell's descendants live in Hertfordshire, England.



Rugby World Cup

The Rugby World Cup is the most important tournament in the sport of rugby union. The first one was in 1987. The cup happens every four years. The competition is one of the biggest sporting events in the world (along with the FIFA World Cup and the Olympics).

There are only 20 spots available in a Rugby World Cup, so teams must compete for them in a qualifying competition. Teams that reached the knockout stages of the previous tournament automatically qualify for the next tournament.

The 2011 match was held in New Zealand, and the 2015 England. The 2019 competition will be held in Japan.

The current champions are South Africa.

<br>

1996 U.S. campaign finance scandal

The 1996 United States campaign finance controversy was an alleged effort by the People's Republic of China to influence domestic United States politics during the 1996 federal elections. The Chinese government denied all accusations. Twenty-two people were eventually convicted of fraud or for funneling Asian funds into the United States elections, and others fled U.S. jurisdiction. 

In late 1996, the Justice Department opened a task force to investigate allegations of illegal donations to the Clinton/Gore re-election campaign and to Clinton's legal defense fund. Ultimately, Justice Department prosecutors secured the conviction of several fund-raisers for various offenses. John Huang served 500 hours of community service and paid a $10,000 fine. Johnny Chung served 3000 hours of community service. Charlie Trie served four months of in-home detention. Maria Hsia served 90 days of home detention and paid a $5,300 fine. Indonesian billionaire James Riady was fined $8.6 million. Ernest Green served three months home detention. Michael Brown served 150 hours of community service and paid a $5000 fine. In all, the Justice Department task force secured criminal convictions against 22 people by 2001.

1008

1008 (MVIII) was a common year when the Julian calendar was used. It was the eighth year of the 2nd millennium and the 11th century.


Kick

In hand-to-hand combat, in martial arts and sports, a kick is a blow with the foot, the knee or the leg. It is used in combat as an attack. Generally, the kicks are slower than the punches although stronger than the blows with hands.

The kicks are a fundamental part in many martial arts. The examples are: wushu, karate, kickboxing, tangsudo or taekwondo; whereas other arts do not use any kick, as it is in the case of judo or of boxing. Other martial arts can use kicks, although they limit them to attacks to the legs and to the lower parts of the body of the opponent.

There exists a great number of kicks, and a lot of them have typical names for each one. Frequently the same movement has different names in different martial arts. This is obvious especially when comparisons are done between western arts and oriental arts. 


(1) The front kicks and side kicks, in "penetrating" form, on the lower member are entitled between the professionals especially for certain titles, but not in all the lands.

(2) There exist numerous hybrid kicks, such as the "side-front" que the "side kick" with the hips rather frontal what allows an instant connection of the techniques of fist much useful in active defense

Category of the straight-legged kicks, called stick kick:

(*) Certain techniques can be spinning and jumping at the same time.


1644

1644 was a leap year.

Islam and clothing

Muslims have different dress codes for different contexts. Conservative ideas of "hijab" require people to dress modestly both for outside and religious contexts. Clothing for everyday wear, inside and outside the house is different, and very much depends on the family.

Muslim men often wear thobes as well as kufi hats.

Islam says that women should dress in a very special way. This dress code applies to women and adolescent girls, but not to children. Usually, women who travel to Muslim countries should also wear such dress.


Charles I of England

Charles I (19 November 1600 – 30 January 1649), was the king of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649. He was a son of James VI and I. He was married to Henrietta Maria of France. He was executed during the English Civil War.

Charles was born at Dunfermline Palace in Fife, Scotland, before his father James VI and I came to the throne of England.

Charles came to England in 1604. When Charles's older brother Henry Frederick died in 1612, Charles became the Prince of Wales and the heir apparent to his father's kingdoms. He had an elder brother, Henry, who was clever, handsome, popular, and rich, and next in line for the throne. Henry died suddenly in 1612, and then his brother Charles was made Prince of Wales in his place, showing that he was now the heir to the throne. Charles was less suited to be king than Henry had been, because he was small and weak and not as clever.

After his brother died, the person Charles was closest to was George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham, who was also his father's best friend. The Duke of Buckingham was very powerful and rich, but was not popular with most common people. He took Charles to Spain in the hope of finding him a Spanish princess as a bride, but they had a lot of problems on the journey and could not persuade the Spanish king to give them his daughter as a wife for Charles.

Charles sat in the Parliament of England's House of Lords in 1621. King James wanted Charles to marry Maria Anna of Spain because she was the sister of Philip IV of Spain. Charles travelled to Spain to meet Maria in 1623, but the journey was a disaster, the two did not marry, and Charles became an enemy of Spain.

On the way home, Charles went through France again, and there Charles met the French royal family.

Charles married Henrietta Maria of France because she was the sister of the French king, Louis XIII, and planned to fight Spain. The Parliament of England convened in 1624 because of Charles's plans. King James did not want a war, but he died in 1625.

His religious policies, and his marriage to a Roman Catholic, made him mistrusted by Reformed groups such as the English Puritans and Scottish Covenanters, who thought his views were too Catholic. He supported "high church" Anglican ecclesiastics, and failed to help Protestant forces enough in the Thirty Years' War. His attempts to force the Church of Scotland to adopt high Anglican practices strengthened the position of the English and Scottish parliaments and were a cause of his downfall.

Charles, now the king, convened the parliament again in 1625. The parliament did not give the king what the king wanted. The men in parliament did not like Charles's friend George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham. Buckingham had gone with Charles to Spain and later helped him to marry Henrietta Maria. When Buckingham led the Royal Navy to attack Cadiz in Spain, the campaign was a failure, and the Parliament of England impeached him. Because of this, Charles stopped (dissolved) the parliament. He also wanted to send soldiers to help Protestants in the Kingdom of France, and made demands for more money as payment for the army. This campaign was also a failure, and the king had to agree to the Petition of Right in 1628. An army officer assassinated Buckingham that summer.

The Parliament of England convened again in 1629. There were many disagreements about religion and the organization of the Church of England. Charles gave support to the "High Church" group, but the parliament gave their support to the "Low Church" group. Charles supported Arminianism, but the parliament's House of Commons tried to make Arminianism illegal. To stop the House of Commons, the king again dissolved the parliament. Some members of parliament in the House of Commons tried to continue their session, but the king put them in prison. Charles continued to support Arminians in the Church of England, with the inclusion of William Laud, the Archbishop of Canterbury ("the chief bishop of all England"). The population disliked Laud and the Arminians, and disliked Charles's taxes. Between 1629 and 1640, the king controlled the government alone. There was no parliament. This time has the name "Personal Rule" or the "Eleven Years' Tyranny".

This made Charles very unpopular with the people, who did not like the different taxes they had to pay directly to the king, since Parliament could not vote to give him any budget. Many also did not like the King's closest adviser, William Laud, who was trying to force the Church of England to use the same Anglican Prayer Book and stop the many other Protestant denominations that were becoming popular at that time.

When the king and the Archbishop then tried to force a Prayer Book on Scotland, which was even more Protestant (Calvinist), armed rebellion broke out there. The Wars of the Three Kingdoms started in 1639 with the Bishops' Wars.

The members of Parliament, angry at the things that had been going on for 11 years, did not want to give him money to fight his war. Instead, they spent the session complaining about what had been going on in the country for the last 11 years. So after only three weeks, Charles dissolved Parliament again. For this reason, it was known as the Short Parliament. Without enough money, Charles lost the war badly, and had to pay the Scots even more money that he did not have. 

These wars were a failure for the king, and his position forced Charles to convene the Parliament of England in 1640. Parliament voted that the King had to call Parliament, and could not shut them down again. Charles had no choice but to agree. This Parliament is known as the Long Parliament, because it ended up lasting for twenty years, until 1660.

