The Detroit Symphony Orchestra (DSO) is an American musical group that is mostly located in Detroit, Michigan. Its main location where they play is Orchestra Hall at the Max M. Fisher Music Center in Detroit's Midtown area. The musical group's current leader and CEO is Anne Parsons, since 2004. Jader Bignamini is the current musical leader of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, getting the position in 2020.

Bikini contest

A swimsuit competition, which is more commonly called bikini contest nowadays, is a beauty pageant, where the contestants wear swimsuits. The contestant models are mostly judged by their physical attractiveness. Companies have sometimes organised such contests to make their products more popular, or to find new models for their swimwear.

Such competitions have also been criticized: Critics say that such competitions make girls and women think that they are primarily valued for their physical appearance; t this puts pressure on women to conform to conventional beauty standards.


Kernersville, North Carolina

Kernersville is a town in Forsyth and Guilford counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 26,449 people live in Kernersville.

Hakama

Hakama are Japanese clothing that looks like a skirt. Men also wear hakama like trousers. Hakama begins in the 6th century. Hakama are tied at the waist and worn over kimono.

Holbeck

Holbeck is an centre city area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It starts on the southern area of Leeds city centre and mostly is in the LS11 postcode area. The M1 and M621 motorway previously started or ended in Holbeck, but now it is only the M621 that goes through the area. Since big pieces of Holbeck have been evacuated so they can remake a big part of the area, with many people leaving the area. Holbeck had a population of 5,505 in 2011. The area currently is in the Beeston and Holbeck part of Leeds City Council.

Barco

Barco NV is a Belgian technology company. Barco focusing on three core markets: entertainment, enterprise, and healthcare. Barco is headquartered in Kortrijk, Belgium. 

The company has 400 granted patents. Shares of Barco are listed on Euronext Brussels.

Barco is an acronym (Belgian American Radio Corporation).

Barco was founded in 1934 in the town of Poperinge. Founder is Lucien Depuydt. In 1989, Barco acquired EMT. In 2018, Barco sold subsidiary Barco Silex.

Matthews, North Carolina

Matthews is a town in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 29,435 people live in Matthews.

Monkey on My Back (movie)

Monkey on My Back is a 1957 American biographical movie directed by Andre DeToth and starring Cameron Mitchell, Dianne Foster, Paul Richards, Jack Albertson, Kathy Garver, Barry Kelley, Raymond Greenleaf, Richard Benedict. It was distributed by United Artists.


Ahvaz

Ahvaz () is a city in southwestern Iran. It is the capital of Khuzestan Province. In the year 2016, about 1,350,000 people lived there. In 2018, 30 people were killed in a mass shooting. The city is majority Arab with a significant Persian minority.

The Patriot (wrestler)

Delbert Alexander "Del" Wilkes, Jr. (December 21, 1961June 30, 2021) was an American professional wrestler and college football player. He had many ring names such as The Trooper and The Patriot. Wilkes wrestled for the American Wrestling Association, the Global Wrestling Federation, All Japan Pro Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation.

Wilkes died of a heart attack on June 30, 2021 in Newberry, South Carolina, at the age of 59.

Desmond O'Malley

Desmond Joseph O'Malley (2 February 1939 – 21 July 2021) was an Irish politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick East constituency from 1968 to 2002. He was born in Limerick, Ireland. He was also the founder and Leader of the Progressive Democrats from 1985 to 1993.

O'Malley was Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1977 to 1981 and 1989 to 1992. O'Malley also was Minister for Trade, Commerce and Tourism from March 1982 to October 1982, Minister for Justice from 1970 to 1973 and Government Chief Whip and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Defence from 1969 to 1970.

O'Malley died on 21 July 2021 in Dublin, aged 82.

Peanut oil

Peanut oil is a type of vegetable oil that comes from the fat in peanuts. This oil is known to have a neutral flavour unless the peanuts were roasted first. It is commonly used in deep frying.

Peanut oil is 17% saturated fat, 46% monounsaturated fat, and 32% polyunsaturated fat (table).

Boniface Alexandre

Boniface Alexandre (31 July 1936 – 4 August 2023) was a Haitian politician. Alexandre served as the provisional President of Haiti following the 2004 Haitian coup d'état until May 2006.

During Alexandre's acting presidency, Amnesty International found that many people have been kidnapped, murdered and imprisoned without charge or trial.

Alexandre died on 4 August 2023 at his home in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, four days after his 87th birthday.

Corn oil

Corn oil (also called maize oil) is a type of cooking oil. It comes from the fat in the germ of corn seeds. It is a cheap oil compared to others. It is commonly used in frying at high heats.

Corn oil is 12.9% saturated fat, 27.6% monounsaturated fat, and 54.7% polyunsaturated fat.

Juan Vital Sourrouille

Juan Vital Sourrouille (13 August 1940 – 21 July 2021) was an Argentine economist and politician. Sourrouille was born in Buenos Aires. He was the Minister of Economy of Argentina during the government of Raúl Alfonsín from 1985 until 1989. He created the Austral plan.

Sourrouille died on 21 July 2021 in Buenos Aires from colorectal cancer, aged 80.

The Disputed Vote of Mr. Cayo

The Disputed Vote of Mr. Cayo is a 1986 Spanish movie directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico and starring Francisco Rabal, Juan Luis Galiardo, Iñaki Miramón, Lydia Bosch.

A Year of the Quiet Sun

A Year of the Quiet Sun () is a 1984 Polish Italian German World War II romantic drama movie directed by Krzysztof Zanussi and starring Maja Komorowska, Scott Wilson, Ewa Dałkowska, Vadim Glowna, Zbigniew Zapasiewicz, Zofia Rysiówna.

Ash Wednesday (1973 movie)

Ash Wednesday is a 1973 American mystery drama movie directed by Larry Peerce and starring Elizabeth Taylor, Henry Fonda, Helmut Berger, Keith Baxter. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Stealing Heaven

Stealing Heaven is a 1988 British Serbian romantic drama movie directed by Clive Donner and was based on the novel of the same name by Marion Meade. It stars Derek de Lint, Kim Thomson, Denholm Elliott, Bernard Hepton, Kenneth Cranham, Rachel Kempson, Angela Pleasence, Patsy Byrne, Timothy Watson, Victoria Burgoyne.

IJustine

Justine Ezarik (born March 20, 1984) is an American YouTuber, host, author and actress and the winner of the 7000th show "The Price is Right". She is best known as iJustine, with over a billion views across her YouTube channels since 2006. She gained attention as a lifecaster who communicated directly with her millions of viewers on her Justin.tv channel, ijustine.tv.

Blackmail (1939 movie)

Blackmail is a 1939 American crime drama movie directed by H. C. Potter and starring Edward G. Robinson, Ruth Hussey, Gene Lockhart, Bobs Watson, John Wray, Arthur Hohl, Esther Dale. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Kevin Brueck

Kevin Brueck (born April 27, 1978) is an American voice actor and YouTuber, most notable for his involvement in the web series the "Annoying Orange" franchise and the spin-off "Liam the Leprechaun" franchise. He is also known for voicing many characters on the YouTube web series "The Annoying Orange"; his most famous voice role is that of Grandpa Lemon, Lemon's grandfather.

Biggles (movie)

Biggles is a 1986 British World War I science fiction adventure movie directed by John Hough and starring Nick Dickson, Alex Hyde-White, Fiona Hutchison, Peter Cushing, William Hootkins, Francesca Gonshaw, Daniel Flynn.

Big business

Big business means large-scale and corporate-controlled business activities. The term "big business" refers to activities that run from "huge transactions" to the more general "doing big things". United States companies which are classified as big businesses include although are not limited to Walmart, Microsoft, Apple Inc., General Electric, Verizon Communications, Google, General Motors, Amazon, Tesla and Toyota. Apple Inc. had just over $2.1 trillion as of June 2021. Microsoft had almost $1.8 trillion by that same time. Tesla had about $641 billion by June 2021. The biggest United Kingdom business networks are HSBC, Barclays, Unilever and BP (called British Petroleum before 1998).

According to the "Oxford English Dictionary", the words "big business" were first mentioned in Frederic Clemson Howe's book "The City: the Hope of Democracy"' in 1905.

The automotive industry started off small in the late 19th century. They grew very fast after large-scale gasoline was developed during the early 20th century.

New technology from computers spread across the world in the years following World War II. Businesses built around computer technology include though are not limited to Microsoft, Apple Inc., Intel, IBM and Samsung.

There are various efforts being made to investigate the effects of "bigness" toward workers, consumers and investors. The effects toward prices and competition are also being looked at.

Large corporations have been subjected to strong controversy and criticism for abusing their employees, exploiting workers, political corruption, white-collar crime and corporate scandals. 

Contrary to popular belief, not all corporations in the United States associate with the Republican Party. Several companies, Delta Air Lines, Coca-Cola and Major League Baseball went against Georgia's new and restrictive voting laws. Amazon, Google and Starbucks signed a statement that was against legislation which would discriminate against people who have certain racial, ethnic or disability backgrounds and those with certain sexual preferences.

Many Americans believe that corporations have too much power.

Corporate concentration can lead to influence over government in areas such as tax policy, trade policy, environmental policy, foreign policy, and labor policy through lobbying. In 2005, the majority of Americans believed that big business has "too much power in Washington."

Boana curupi

The yellow-spotted tree frog, fasciated frog or spotted tree frog ("Boana albopunctata") is a frog that lives in Paraguay, Brazil, and Argentina. Scientists have seen it between 300 and 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 29.0 to 43.4 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 41.3 to 47.0 mm long.

This frog is dark brown in color with darker patches and a white stripe on its lip. It is lighter at the throat. Its bones are green and the iris of its eye is gold.

The frog's name comes from "Curupi," also called "Curipira" or "Kurupira," a creature from folklore that protects the forest and the living things in it.

Netsuke

Netsuke is a Japanese miniature sculpture. It appeared in the 17th century. Originally It looked like a hanging keychain on Japanese traditional clothing called kimono. Netsuke was a button fastener on the cords of an inro box.

Netsuke is made of various materials: ivory, boxwood, metal, boar tusk, clay and so on.

Kintsugi

Kintsugi is the Japanese art of repairing broken pottery with lacquer. It is similar to the Japanese philosophy of wabi-sabi (philosophy of imperfection value). 


Free Britney movement

The Free Britney movement is an Internet social movement. Members with the movement are working for American Britney Spears to be freed from her years-long and court-ordered conservatorship (the appointment of court-ordered guardians or protectors by court judges). The Free Britney movement was begun in 2008. The movement became popular in 2019.

In 2008, Spears was placed into a three-day psychiatric hold two separate times. At the time, she was experiencing serious conflicts which affected her personal life. Those conflicts include divorcing her then-husband Kevin Federline in late 2007, attacking paparazzi, shaving her head and losing the custody of her two sons with Federline. Just after the second hospital visit, Spears' father Jamie filed to put a temporary conservatorship on her. The conservatorship was made permanent later in 2008. Jamie was the conservator for Britney's personal affair and co-conservator for her finances with Andrew Wallet. Wallet was in charge starting in 2009. He resigned his position in March 2019. Due to stress from her father Jamie's afflictions, Britney went into a mental health facility the same month. She was released the following month from the mental health facility.

In April 2019, a podcast that involved Britney, titled "Britney's Gram", put out voicemails from an anonymous party saying they were the former members of her legal team. The anonymous party also said her planned second residency was canceled by her father Jamie due to Britney not always wanting to take her medication. They then said Britney was involuntarily held in the facility beginning in January after she violated rules that banned her from driving. Finally, they said the conservatorship was originally scheduled to end in 2009. Shortly after the podcast episode, a movement to end the conservatorship, called #FreeBritney, became widely known. In May, the Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Brenda Penny, the judge over the case, ordered an "expert evaluation" of the arrangement during a hearing. In September 2019, her former husband Federline was then granted a restraining order against Britney's father Jamie just after what might have been a physical dispute between Jamie and one of Federline's and Britney's sons. The order was sought when Federline said Jamie broke down a door to get his grandson. When the grandson was in his room, Federline said, Jamie grabbed him.

The Los Angeles divorce attorney Mark Vincent Kaplan stated there was a disagreement that took place when Britney and her sons were visiting Jamie at his home. According to Kaplan, the disagreement led to a serious act of physical violence that was observed by Britney's and Federline's older son Jayden. Kaplan credited Britney for removing the children from the area.

Britney Spears gave notice to the court on June 23, 2021 and talked about having trauma. She described the conservatorship as "abusive". She then expressed her wishes for choosing her own legal representation and to marry and have another child. She asked Penny to dissolve the conservatorship without further evaluation. The request to end the conservatorship, however, was later denied by Penny. During a court hearing in July 2021, Britney Spears was given the right to choose her own lawyer. Judge Penny then approved the replacement of Spears' previous lawyer Samuel Ingham with Matthew Rosengart. The new lawyer said he would be working to dissolve the conservatorship. 

From 2019 to 2021, the #FreeBritney movement gained support from many celebrities. They included singers Miley Cyrus and Cher and media personality Paris Hilton. The singers Justin Timberlake and Christina Aguilera, the earlier of whom was Spears' past boyfriend, also voiced their support. The latter also said Spears' conservatorship was "unacceptable".

U.S. Burgess Owens, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Andy Biggs and Matt Gaetz invited Spears to testify on her conservatorship to United States Congress. In relation to Spears' case, U.S. Senators Bob Casey Jr. and Elizabeth Warren called on the United States Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Justice to give them data on conservatorships so they could make policy-related recommending on the system. Casey Jr. and Warren called for more federal oversight on the guardianship system in the United States after Spears' testimony. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), a nonprofit organization, decided they would help Spears in dissolving the conservatorship if she requested to do so. They filed an "amicus curiae" to support Spears' plea to choose her own legal representation.

Skytech

Skytech Helicopters is a Belgian helicopter company. 

Skytech operating heavy-lift helicopters in different countries. 

Сompany was founded in Belgium in November 1989 by helicopter pilots Thierry Lakhanisky and Lucienne De Dryver.

Janssen Pharmaceuticals

Janssen Pharmaceuticals is a Belgian pharmaceutical company. 

Company is headquartered in Beerse, Belgium, and owned by Johnson & Johnson. 

Janssen Pharmaceuticals conducts research of a wide range of human medical disorders, including mental illness, neurological disorders, gastrointestinal disorders, HIV/AIDS, allergies and cancer. 

Company was founded in 1953 by Paul Janssen.

In 1961, Janssen Pharmaceuticals was purchased by American corporation Johnson & Johnson.

Conservatorship

In United States law, conservatorship is when a protector or guardian is appointed by a court judge to manage the financial affairs for another person. This is usually because that person is old or has physical or mental health problems. People in a conservatorship are called "conservatees". Conservatees are usually adults. A person in guardianship is called a "ward". The term "ward" is usually used in reference to minors (people under age 18). Conservatorship may also be used for corporations or organizations.

"Conservatorship" refers to the legal responsibility over a person who has a certain mental disorder or a physical health problem. This includes people affected with psychosis, suicidal ideation, certain levels of autism or in some other way are not able to make medical, financial or legal decisions for themselves. 

In relation to the government control of businesses and corporations, like Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, conservatorship means more temporary control than does nationalization.

A recent example of conservatorship controversy is that involving the American pop singer-songwriter Britney Spears. She was put into conservatorship by her father in 2008. The year before, Britney had a mental breakdown. Spears also shaved her head and hit paparazzi with an umbrella but that was because they were violently attacking her. In late 2008, the conservatorship was made permanent (unfortunately). It triggered the Free Britney movement because it was clearly fraudulent (britney did not, and has never, had dementia or any form thereof)

In California there are two forms of conservatorship. The Lanterman-Petris-Short conservatorship starts off being temporary. This one is renewed every year if necessary. A probate (aka slavery) conservatorship does not have a temporary period. It does not automatically expire. Spears is in the latter (the probate form of conservatorship which lasts for around 10,000 years and is one of the most horrific things that can happen to a person).

Spears has wanted the conservatorship to be stopped because, she says, her father uses it to abuse and use her, and also it is clearly a dishonest strategy to steal her money and ruin her life.

Chink (slur)

Chink or ching chong ( or 清衝 ("qīng chōng"), is a racial slur for a Chinese person. It is primarily used in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, India, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malaysia. Sometimes, it can be used to refer to anyone of Asian heritage or appearance.


Paki

Paki is a British English racial slur targeted at Pakistanis. It is mostly used in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and India. 

Bloody hell

Bloody hell is a common British swearing phrase used as a milder form of "fucking hell" and a vulgar version of "what the hell", "bugger", "crap" or "damn it". It is used in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India, Singapore, Malaysia, Fiji and Sri Lanka.

Texaco

Texaco (or The Texas Company; originally called The Texas Fuel Company) is an American petroleum and gasoline company. It was founded in 1902 in Beaumont, Texas. The Chevron Corporation bought the Texaco company in late 2000.

In 1931, Texaco bought the Indian Oil Company. The Indian Oil Company was in Illinois. This expanded the company's refining and marketing base across the midwestern United States. It also gave Texaco rights to Indian's Havoline motor oil (which became a Texaco product). 

In 1994, the System3 gasolines by Texaco were replaced with new CleanSystem3 gasoline for improved engine performance.

Texaco gasoline contains Techron, an additive developed by Chevron in 2005. It replaces the previous CleanSystem3. This Texaco brand is strong in Latin America, the United States and West Africa. It is also in Europe. In the United Kingdom, there are about 850 Texaco-branded gas stations.

In 2010, Texaco ended business operations across the Mid-Atlantic States. Texaco removed its brand from 450 stations in Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana, West Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Kentucky and Washington, D.C..

Texaco once did business in and around the Quad Cities of southeastern Iowa and northwestern Illinois. In the 2000s decade, however, the stores were closed. They were then replaced with Kwik Shop stores in Iowa and with Gas Land stores in Illinois.

The Haunted Mansion (movie)

The Haunted Mansion is a 1996 American horror comedy film based on the attraction of the same name at Disney theme parks. Directed by Paul Weiland, the film is written by Dave Foley, Jay Kogen and Stephen Hibbert and stars Alec Baldwin, Donald Sutherland, Kyle MacLachlan, Rachel Weisz in a dual role, Jennifer Tilly, and Dina Spybey.

Michael Keaton, Brendan Fraser, Jim Carrey, Mel Gibson, Tim Robbins, Jon Lovitz, Tim Allen, Tom Hanks and Mike Myers were also considered for the role of Jim Evers. However, Mike Myers and Tim Robbins were too busy working on "".

The film was theatrically released in the United States on December 3, 1999 and is Disney's second film based on an attraction following the television film "Tower of Terror". The film grossed $182.3 million worldwide on a $90 million budget and was panned by critics.

Principal photography began on December 21, 1998, and wrapped on a April 28, 1999.

Balinese language

Balinese (ᬪᬵᬱᬩᬮᬶ ᬩᬲᬩᬮᬶ; "Basa Bali") is a Malayo-Polynesian language which belongs to the Austronesian language family. It is spoken by the Balinese people on the island of Bali in Indonesia. It is written in both Balinese script and Latin script.

Intonation (speech)

Intonation is about the variation in pitch of speech which may change meaning. How something is said may change its meaning. All spoken languages use this tactic.



The study of intonations is part of prosody.

A simple example which shows how important prosody is. A parent says to a child "well done". Without some annotation, one can't decide whether the child has indeed done well, or whether it has {say} knocked a glass of milk over. 

Puppet theatre

Puppet theatre or puppetry is a form of theatre where the puppeteer manipulates the puppets. The puppeteer is usually hidden from the audience. The action of puppet show take place on the small self-made stage. The puppets can be marionette, finger puppets, sock puppets or glove puppets.

The War of the Roses (movie)

The War of the Roses is a 1989 American black comedy film based upon the 1981 novel of the same name by Warren Adler. The film follows a wealthy couple with a seemingly perfect marriage. When their marriage begins to fall apart, material possessions become the center of an outrageous and bitter divorce battle.

The film co-stars Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner and Danny DeVito. DeVito directed the film, which also had producer James L. Brooks working on a project outside of "The Simpsons". The opening title sequence was created by Saul Bass and Elaine Makatura Bass.

In both the novel and the film, the married couple's family name is Rose, and the title is an allusion to the battles between the warring Houses of York and Lancaster who were contending for the English throne during the late Middle Ages. In Germany, the film was such a huge success that its German title "Der Rosenkrieg" became synonymous with high-conflict divorce and is now regularly used in the media.

Frankenstein 90

Frankenstein 90 is a 1984 French comedy movie directed by Alain Jessua and starring Jean Rochefort and Eddy Mitchell.

Savage Steve Holland

Savage Steve Holland (born April 29, 1958) is an American writer, cartoonist, producer, voice actor, animator, and film director who wrote and directed the films "Better Off Dead" (1985) and "One Crazy Summer" (1986), starring John Cusack. He also directed the film "How I Got into College" (1989), and animated the "Whammy" on the game show "Press Your Luck". He later went on to create and produce "Eek! the Cat" and "The Terrible Thunderlizards" for Fox Kids. He now manages his own studio, Savage Studios Ltd., and directs shows for Cartoon Network, Disney Channel and Nickelodeon.

He studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts, where one of his student projects "Going Nowhere Fast" (1980), was exhibited at the Museum of Cat Food show "Tomorrowland: CalArts in Moving Pictures".



Savage Steve Holland was lampooned in the episode "What Big Rewrite Notes You Have" of the cartoon Ned's Newt, as over-the-top director "Sausage Steve Finland".

Beach volleyball

Beach volleyball is a team sport, a kind of volleyball. The players have two teams (2 per side) and play on a sand court divided by a net.

Alexander Williams (cartoonist)

Alexander "Alex" Williams (born October 18, 1967 in London, England) is an English television and film animator and cartoonist. He is the son of animator Richard Williams. He has worked on many animated television series, and is the author of the "Queens Counsel" cartoon strip in "The Times", for which he was awarded the Cartoon Art Trust Award for Strip Cartooning in October 2017.

In June 1987 Williams was 19 years old and in his first year of studies at the University of Oxford when he started work as an in-betweener on "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", working under animator Simon Wells and later as an assistant animator to Marc Gordon-Bates. Williams initially worked unpaid as an intern, and was later invited by producer Patsy de Lord to work on the film full-time. The university agreed to his taking a suspension of studies for a year. The following year, in 1988, he joined the Disney-MGM Studio in Orlando, Florida, working on the short film RollerCoaster Rabbit.

His work as an animator includes "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988), "The Princess and the Cobbler" (1993), "The Lion King" (1994), "Quest for Camelot" (1998), "The Iron Giant" (1999), "The Road to El Dorado" (2000), "" (2002), "Piglet's Big Movie", "" (2003), "Robots" (2005) and "Open Season" (2006).

Honey Bunny In Crazy Crazy Chase

Honey Bunny In Crazy Crazy Chase is a 2019 Indian animated action-comedy movie, based on Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal.
The movie is inspired by Home Alone. It is also the first and only movie of the Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal movie series to be distributed by PVR Cinemas as well as Sony Pictures Networks.
Honey and Bunny are on their way to Kanyakumari but mistakenly end up in Goa while following Miss Katkar's lookalike. There, their paths cross with two burglars who may end up ruining their vacation.

Google Docs Editors

Google Docs Editors is a web-based productivity office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service. The suite includes Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, Google Drawings, Google Forms, Google Sites, and Google Keep. It used to also include Google Fusion Tables until it was discontinued in 2019.

The Google Docs Editors suite is available freely for users with personal Google accounts: through a web application, a set of mobile apps for Android and iOS, and a desktop application for Google's Chrome OS.

Many other programs compete with Google Docs. The competing programs are similar and have the basic functions of Google Docs and some add-ons that make them a better product than the same.



André Silva (footballer, born 1995)

André Miguel Valente da Silva (born 6 November 1995) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a striker for La Liga club Real Sociedad, on loan from RB Leipzig, and the Portugal national team.

Indian Trail, North Carolina

Indian Trail is a town in Union County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 39,997 people live in Indian Trail.

Post-punk

Post-punk (originally called new musick) is a large genre of rock music. It started in the late 1970s when musicians got tired of the how simple regular punk rock was. Post-punk artists added avant-garde ideas and other ideas from outside rock music. They kept punk rock's energy and DIY ethic but added styles like funk, electronic music, jazz, and dance music; the production techniques of dub and disco; and ideas from art and politics, including critical theory, modernist art, cinema and literature. These communities produced independent record labels, visual art, multimedia performances and fanzines.


Maile Flanagan

Maile Flanagan (born May 19, 1965) is an American actress and comedian. She is best known for her role as Naruto Uzumaki in the English dub of "Naruto" who she has voiced in all properties and media since 2005.


Hikimayu

Hikimayu was a Japanese tradtiion of removing the eyebrows and painting two smudges on the forehead from Nara period to 19th century. 


Bunraku

Bunraku, also known as "Ningyō jōruri", is a Japanese puppet theatre, founded in Osaka in the 17th century. It was mainly related to kabuki from Genroku period. Bunraku developed in Edo period combining puppet art with "joruri". Bunraku has the narrator with puppets and the action is accompained by a game on the shamisen. 

The most famous Japanese bunraku playwright is Chikamatsu Mozaemon. His most famous work is "The Love Suicides at Sonezaki". 

Originally the term bunraku referred to theatre founded in Osaka in 1805. 

In Edo period, male pupeteers were hidden from the audience by the curtain while they held pupepts. The narrator and musician were also hidden. In 1703, pupeteers apperead in full view of the audience. In 1728, the narrator and musician were given their own stage. 


Midland, North Carolina

Midland is a town in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,684 people live in Midland.

Ousmane Dembélé

Masour Ousmane Dembélé (born 15 May 1997) is a French football player. He plays as a forward for Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.

Borussia Dortmund

Barcelona

France

Individual

Orders

Vernon, Eure

Vernon is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Vernon is twinned with:

Alonsotegi

Alonsotegi is a municipality of 2,890 people (2020). It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

IParty with Victorious

"iParty with Victorious" was an episode of the television shows "iCarly" and "Victorious". It aired on June 11, 2011.

Special Guest Stars: Victoria Justice as Tori Vega:
Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine:
Danielle Monet as Trina Vega:
Matt Bennet as Robbie Shapiro:
Avan Jogia as Beck Oliver:
Elizabeth Gilles as Jade West:
Leon Thomas III as Andre Harris:

Drew Massey

Drew Massey is an American voice actor, actor, puppeteer and director for Nickelodeon and The Jim Henson Company. He has worked with the Muppets and has performed in many movies, television series and commercials. He also lent his voice to many commercials and video games.

Bernardo Silva

Bernardo Mota Veiga de Carvalho e Silva (born 10 August 1994), known as Bernardo Silva or simply Bernardo, is a Portuguese football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder or a winger for Manchester City and the Portugal national team. 

Matthew J. Munn

Matthew J. Munn (born July 1980) is an American voice actor and animator for many studios. He voiced Boog and Doug in "Open Season 3". He replaced Mike Epps as the voice of Boog in "Open Season 2" (who replaced Martin Lawrence from the first movie). He was later replaced by Donny Lucas in "".

Political corruption

Political corruption is using powers of government officials or their network contacts for inappropriate private gain. 

The forms of corruption are very different between one another. Examples of political corruption are lobbying, bribery, extortion (which refers when to someone commits blackmail or bribery against or threatens other people through putting a feeling of fear by telling certain people something "will" happen if the victim does not comply), nepotism (the unfair use of power for receiving job employments or benefits by family or friends), patronage (improperly using state money/goods to reward families, certain groups or races in exchange for voting for certain political party members) and embezzlement. Corruption is often linked to human trafficking, money laundering and drug trafficking. But political corruptions are not limited to these illegal acts. Misuse of government power for certain other purposes, an example of which is police brutality is also classified as political corruption.

Political corruption hurts democracy by going against the formal process. Corruption in elections and in legislature reduces responsibility and falsely represents the related creations of policies.

Economies having a high level of political corruption tend to not be as financially successful as one that has low level corruption. Political corruption not only threatens justice and ethical values. Recalls of loans by international banks, along with massive selling of emerging market stocks from international mutual funds, is associated with (and can actually cause) crises in economics and currency problems in certain countries. Examples of these problems are in Asia, Africa and Central America.

Oviraptoridae

Oviraptorians lived between 83.6 and 66 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous.

Presnel Kimpembe

Presnel Kimpembe (born 13 August 1995) is a French football player. He plays as a centre-back for Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.

Beaumont-sur-Oise

Beaumont-sur-Oise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Mating system

Mating system is a term form biology, to describe the sexual behaviour of a group of animals. It basically describes which males and females in a group mate.


Central Asian red deer

The central Asian red deer or Tarim red deer ("Cervus hanglu") is an elk that lives in Central Asia.

The International Union for the Conservation of Nature says the central Asian red deer is a "least concern" species, but many subspecies of central Asian red deer have become locally extinct. This means that places that once had many deer now have none.

One subspecies of central Asian red deer, the Kashmir stag ("Cervus hanglu hanglu"), is the only species of deer that lives in India.

Arenysaur

Arenysaur lived between 68 and 66 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous. Arenysaur includes "Arenysaurus" and "Ajnabia".

Ajnabia

Ajnabia (meaning "stranger" or "foreigner") is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaur that lived between 68 and 66 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous.

Akainacephalus

Akainacephalus was a plant-eating dinosaur that lived 76 million years ago during the Late Cretaceous period. "Akainacephalus" was first discovered by Scott Richardson, a Bureau of Land Management employee who also discovered "Lythronax" and "Kosmoceratops", all in the same region of Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.

The dinosaur was medium-sized, standing at 3 feet 6 inches tall and stretching about 15 feet long. It lived in present-day southern Utah, which during the Late Cretaceous Period was part of the southern portion of Laramidia, an island continent that stretched from the Arctic Circle to the Gulf of Mexico. Though ankylosaurids originated in Asia between 125 - 100 million years ago, they do not appear in the western North American fossil record until about 77 million years ago. The new species "Akainacephalus" offers the most complete skeleton of an ankylosaurid dinosaur found in the southwestern United States. It includes a skull, much of the vertebral column, including a complete tail club, several fore and hind limbs elements, and bony body armour that includes two neck rings and spiked armour plates.

Guard mounting

Guard mounting, changing the guard, or the changing of the guard, is an official ceremony in which guards that take place in duties at important places are swapped with different guards. The ceremonies are usually planned very well. They started during peaceful times and war fighting drills, with it becoming more popular from the 17th and 18th centuries as it helped make the army less tired and more useful.

Plaza de Oriente

The Plaza de Oriente is a plaza in the historic center of Madrid, Spain. It has a shape like a rectangle and is very big and noticeable. It was designed in 1844 by Narciso Pascual y Colomer. It was opened by King Joseph I after he said that the houses originally in the area should be destroyed.

It is located between some very well known and important places in Madrid. To the west is the Royal Palace, the Teatro Real, to the east, and the Royal Monastery of the Incarnation to the north.

Kīlauea, Hawaii

Kīlauea is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kauai County, Hawaii, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 3,014.

Kīlauea shares the name of the active volcano Kīlauea on the island of Hawaii. The name translates to "spewing" or "much spreading" in the Hawaiian language.

Kīlauea is on the northeastern shore of Kauai and is bordered to the west by Kalihiwai and to the north by the Pacific Ocean. Hawaii Route 56 passes through the south side of the community, leading west to Hanalei and east to the Moloaa area which includes Moloaa Forest Reserve and overlooks Moloaa Bay.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Kilauea CDP has a total area of , of which are land and , or 5.7%, are water.

Shipwrecking

Shipwrecking is an event that causes a shipwreck, such as a ship striking something that causes the ship to sink; the stranding of a ship on rocks, land or shoal; poor maintenance; or the destruction of a ship either intentionally or by violent weather.

Factors for the loss of a ship may include:

The hallmark of a shipwreck due to poor design is the capsize of Swedish warship "Wasa" in Stockholm harbour 1628. She was too narrow, had too little ballast and her lower cannon deck had too low free-board for good seaworthiness. Poor design allowed the ferry MS "Herald of Free Enterprise" to put to sea with open roll-on/roll-off bow doors, with tragic consequences.
Failure or leaking of the hull is a serious problem that can lead to the loss of buoyancy or the free surface effect and the subsequent sinking of the vessel. Even the hulls of large modern ships have cracked in heavy storms. Leaks between the hull planks of wooden vessels are a particular problem.

Equipment failure caused the shipwreck of cruiseferry "Estonia" in 1994. The stress of stormy seas on hull and bow especially caused the bow visor to break off, in turn tearing the watertight bow door open and letting seawater flow onto the car deck. She capsized with tragic consequences. Failure of pumps can lead to the loss of a potentially salvageable ship with only a minor leak or fire.

Failure of the means of propulsion, such as engines, sails or rigging, can lead to the loss of a ship. When the ship's movement is determined only by currents or the wind and particularly by storms, a common result is that the ship is unable to avoid natural hazards like rocks, shallow water or tidal races. Loss of propulsion or steering can inhibit a ship's ability to safely position itself in a storm, even far from land. Waves attacking a ship's side can overwhelm and sink it.

Instability is caused by the centre of mass of the ship rising above the metacenter resulting in the ship tipping on its side or capsizing. To remain buoyant, the hull of a vessel must prevent water entering the large air spaces of the vessel (known as downflooding). Clearly for the ship to float, the normally-submerged parts of the hull will be watertight, but the upper parts of the hull must have openings to allow ventilation to compartments, including the engine room, for crew access, and to load and unload cargo. In a capsize, water can enter these openings if not watertight. If a ship sinks after capsizing, or as a consequence of a leak in the hull or other water ingress, it is often described as having "foundered" or "foundering". Large ships are designed with compartments to help preserve the necessary buoyancy.

On 25 October 2012, the tall ship "Bounty" (a replica of the original HMS "Bounty") sank in a hurricane. The vessel left New London, Connecticut, heading for St. Petersburg, Florida, initially going on an easterly course to avoid Hurricane Sandy. On 29 October 2012 at 03:54 EDT, the ship's owner called the United States Coast Guard for help during the hurricane after losing contact with the ship's master. He reported she was taking on water off the coast of North Carolina, about from the storm, and the crew were preparing to abandon ship. There were sixteen people aboard, two of whom did not survive the sinking. An inquiry into the sinking was held by the United States Coast Guard in Portsmouth, Virginia from 12 to 21 February 2013; at which it was concluded that Captain Walbridge's decision to sail the ship into the path of Hurricane Sandy was the cause, and the inquiry found this to have been a "reckless decision".

Poor weather can cause several problems:

Wind causes waves which result in other difficulties. Waves make navigation difficult and dangerous near shallow water. Also, waves create buoyancy stresses on the structure of a hull. The weight of breaking waves on the fabric of the ship force the crew to reduce speed or even travel in the same direction as the waves to prevent damage. Also, wind stresses the rigging of sailing ships.

The force of the wind pushes ships in the direction of the wind. Vessels with large windage suffer most. Although powered ships are able to resist the force of the wind, sailing vessels have few defences against strong wind. When strong winds are imminent, sailing vessels typically have several choices:

Many losses of sailing ships were caused by sailing, with a following wind, so far into a bay that the ship became trapped upwind of a lee shore, being unable to sail into the wind to leave the bay. Low visibility caused by fog, mist and heavy rain increase the navigator's problems. Cold can cause metal to become brittle and fail more easily. A build-up of ice can cause instability by accumulating high on the ship, or in severe cases, crush the hull if the ship becomes trapped in a freezing sea.

According to one scientist who studies rogue waves, "two large ships sink every week on average, but the cause is never studied to the same detail as an air crash. It simply gets put down to 'bad weather'." Once considered mythical and lacking hard evidence for their existence, rogue waves are now proven to exist and known to be a natural ocean phenomenon. Eyewitness accounts from mariners and damages inflicted on ships have long suggested they occurred; however, their scientific measurement was only positively confirmed following measurements of the "Draupner wave", a rogue wave at the Draupner platform in the North Sea on January 1, 1995, with a maximum wave height of (peak elevation of ). During that event, minor damage was also inflicted on the platform, far above sea level, confirming that the reading was valid. Their existence has also since been confirmed by satellite imagery of the ocean surface.

Fire can cause the loss of ships in many ways. The most obvious way would be the loss of a wooden ship which is burned until watertight integrity is compromised (e.g. "Cospatrick"). The detonation of cargo or ammunition can cause the breach of a steel hull. An extreme temperature may compromise the durability properties of steel, causing the hull to break on its own weight. Often a large fire causes a ship to be abandoned and left to drift (e.g. MS "Achille Lauro"). Should it run aground beyond economic salvage, it becomes a wreck.

In extreme cases, where the ship's cargo is either highly combustible (such as oil, natural gas or gasoline) or explosive (nitrates, fertilizers, ammunition) a fire onboard may result in a catastrophic conflagration or explosion. Such disasters may have catastrophic results, especially if the disaster occurs in a harbour, such as the Halifax Explosion.

Many shipwrecks have occurred when the crew of the ship allowed the ship to collide with rocks, reefs, icebergs, or other ships. Collision has been one of the major causes of shipwreck. Accurate navigation is made more difficult by poor visibility in bad weather. Also, many losses happened before modern navigation aids such as GPS, radar and sonar were available. Until the 20th century, the most sophisticated navigational tools and techniques available - dead reckoning using the magnetic compass, marine chronometer (to calculate longitude) and ships logbook (which recorded the vessel's heading and the speed measured by log) or celestial navigation using marine chronometer and sextant - were sufficiently accurate for journeys across oceans, but these techniques (and in many cases also the charts) lacked the precision to avoid reefs close to shore.

The Scilly naval disaster of 1707, which claimed nearly 2,000 lives and was one of the greatest maritime disasters in the history of the British Isles, is attributed to the mariner's inability to find their longitude. This led to the Longitude Act to improve the aids available for navigation. Marine chronometers were as revolutionary in the 19th century as GPS is today. However the cost of these instruments could be prohibitive, sometimes resulting in tragic consequences for ships that were still unable to determine their longitude, as in the case of the "Arniston".

Even today, when highly accurate navigational equipment is readily available and universally used, there is still scope for error. Using the incorrect horizontal datum for the chart of an area may mislead the navigator, especially as many charts have not been updated to use modern data. It is also important for the navigator to appreciate that charts may be significantly in error, especially on less frequented coasts. For example, a recent revision of the map of South Georgia in the South Atlantic showed that previous maps were in some places in error by several kilometres.

Over the centuries, many technological and organizational developments have been used to reduce accidents at sea including:




Lil Rel Howery

Milton Howery Jr. (born December 17, 1979), known professionally as Lil Rel Howery, is an American actor and comedian. Howery is best known for his roles as Robert Carmichael in NBC's television comedy series The Carmichael Show (2015-2017) and as TSA officer Rod Williams in the horror film Get Out (2017). He also starred in the TV series Rel (2018-2019), which he also created and co-produced lasting only one season.

Michael Yarmush

Michael Lawrence Yarmush (born June 19, 1982) is an American-Canadian actor. He was born in Miami, Florida. His parents are Daniel and Diane Yarmush. He was the original voice of Arthur Read on the PBS Kids animated television series "Arthur" from 1996 to 2000, when he left the voice cast.

Michael Caloz

Michael Caloz (born May 2, 1985), is a Canadian former actor and voice actor, who is best known for voicing D.W. Read on Arthur from 1996 to 1999, holding his role for the first three seasons (he also narrated the funding credits for season 1 when it first aired on PBS). He won a Young Artist Award in 1999 for his role as D.W. Read. Caloz was born in Montreal, Quebec. He voiced Dora Winifred Read (D.W.) in Arthur from 1996 to 1999. After season 3, he was replaced by Oliver Grainger. He also voiced Annie on The Little Lulu Show. He has performed in several movies, including Screamers, which was based on the Philip K. Dick story Second Variety. He has also performed on several live-action television shows including an episode on Nickelodeon's Are You Afraid of the Dark?, as a frozen child's ghost. He has two brothers and plays piano, guitar and violin.

Rotten Ralph

Rotten Ralph is a series of children's picture books written by Jack Gantos and illustrated by Nicole Rubel. About twenty "Rotten Ralph" books have been published from 1976 to 2011.

"Rotten Ralph" is also the first book in the series, a 32-page picture book published by Houghton Mifflin of Boston in 1976. It was the first published book for both Gantos and Rubel.

Alternatively, Rotten Ralph is the title character of the series, initially "a very very nasty cat" —a bright red domestic cat who enjoys playing mean, practical jokes on his human family.

There was a children's television series by Cosgrove Hall Films, Tooncan Productions and Italtoons Corporation based on the books, first broadcast on CBBC from 1999 to 2001. It also went to air on Nickelodeon in the UK too, around 2000. The show hasn't been aired in the UK since reruns ended in 2005. The show aired in the United States on the Nickelodeon in 1999–2001. The voice cast were recorded in Los Angeles and the animation was done in Manchester.


Red Sorghum

Red Sorghum is a 1987 Chinese romantic drama movie directed by Zhang Yimou and was based on the 1986 novel by Mo Yan. It stars Gong Li, Jiang Wen, Ji Chunhua, Teng Rujun.


Sagging (fashion)

Sagging means when someone wears their trousers or jeans just below the waist. 

Sagging is mainly a male fashion. Women and girls' wearing low-rise pants in a manner that shows the females' G-string underwear or panties is not usually described as sagging. People who wear sagging trousers or pants are sometimes called "saggers".

The style was made popular by skaters and hip-hop musicians in the 1990s, although sagging may have gotten started as early as the late 1980s. It was later declared a symbol of freedom and being aware of fashion culture with many teenagers and young adults. It was also the symbol for rejection of the values in the mainstream society.

It is often said the style got started with the United States' prison system. In that system, belts are sometimes not allowed. There may also be situations wherein there is not enough clothing of the appropriate size.

Lahmacun

Lahmacun, also spelled Lahmajoon, is a Middle Eastern dish. 

The name Lahmacun comes from Arabic (لحم بعجين "lahma bi'ajeen") meaning meat and dough. Lahmacun is often described as Turkish Pizza or Armenian Pizza but it is not a pizza because it doesn’t have cheese on it.

Lahmacun is topped with minced meat with herbs and spices and cooked in a clay oven. It can be wrapped around like a burrito with salad inside or eaten as a flat bread.

Zōri

Zōri are Japanese sandals made of rice straw, leather, rubber and lacquered wood. In English-speaking countries, flip-flops (renamed zōri) are popular. 


Lamezia Terme

Lamezia Terme is an Italian city in Calabria. It has about 70,000 inhabitants.

Legnano

Legnano is an Italian city in Lombardy. It has about 60,200 inhabitants.

Cerignola

Cerignola is an Italian city in Apulia. It is about southeast of Foggia and has about 58,500 inhabitants.

Molfetta

Molfetta is a city in southern Italy. Molfetta is in the Apulia Region. It has about 59,000 inhabitants.

Velletri

Velletri is an Italian city in Lazio. About 53,000 people live there.

La Traviata (1983 movie)

La Traviata is a 1983 Italian Dutch musical movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli and was based on the 1853 opera of the same name by Giuseppe Verdi and Francesco Maria Piave. It stars Teresa Stratas, Plácido Domingo, Cornell MacNeill, Allan Monk, Pina Cei and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

COVID-19 pandemic in Andorra

The COVID-19 pandemic in Andorra is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Andorra was confirmed on 2 March 2020, when a 20-year-old man returned from Milan, Italy.

Bucharest Non Stop

Bucharest Non Stop () is a 2015 Romanian comedy-drama movie directed by Dan Chișu and starring Gheorghe Ifrim, Ion Besoiu, Adrian Titieni, Dorina Lazăr, Dorian Boguță, Olimpia Melinte.

Pak Watan

Pak Watan (Urdu:پاک وطن) is a National personification and a term of endearment for Pakistan. The Word Watan refers to this sacred homeland, heimat, country, or nation.

Hajji

Hajji () (sometimes spelled Hadji, Haji, Alhaji, Al hage, Al-hajj or El-Hajj) is an honor title which is given to a Muslim who has successfully completed the Hajj to Mecca. It is also often used to call an elder, since it can take years to get enough the wealth to fund the travel and in many Muslim societies to a respected man as an honorific title. 

Prime Minister of South Ossetia

The Prime Minister of the Republic of South Ossetia, officially known as the Chairman of the Government () is the "de facto" head of government of the partially recognized Republic of South Ossetia.


Gennady Bekoyev

Gennady Borisovich Bekoyev (; born 1981) is a South Ossetian politician. He is the 16th Prime Minister of South Ossetia. Bekoyev was appointed to the position following the dismissal of Erik Pukhayev by President Anatoly Bibilov. Bekoyev is an independent.

Aleksandr Shavlokhov

Aleksandr Apollonovich Shavlokhov (, born in 1939) is a South Ossetian politician. He was the Prime Minister, from 1996 until August 1998.

Boris Chochiev

Boris Eliozovich Chochiev (Russian: Борис Елиозович Чочиев; ; 1 November 1957 – 22 July 2021) was a South Ossetian politician. He was the acting Prime Minister of South Ossetia in 2008. He became Prime Minister on 18 August 2008, after South Ossetian President Eduard Kokoity had fired the former government.

Chochiev died on 22 July 2021 in Vladikavkaz, Russia from COVID-19 at the age of 63. 

Hamzanama

Hamzanama (Urdu: داستان امیر حمزه) A national epic is an epic poem or a literary work of epic scope which seeks or is believed to capture and express the essence or spirit of a particular nation; not necessarily a nation-state, but at least an ethnic or linguistic group with aspirations to independence or autonomy. The Pakistani author Maqbool Jahangir wrote "Dastan-e-Amir Hamza" for children in the Urdu language. His version contains 10 volumes and was published by Ferozsons (also Ferozsons Publishers). The Hamza romance spread gradually, usually in its briefer and less elaborate forms, into a number of the modern languages of Southern Asia. Pashto and Sindhi were particularly hospitable to the Hamza story, and at least in Pashto it continues to flourish today, with printed pamphlet versions being produced. It therefore considered as the "“National Epic of Pakistan”" respectively.

President of South Ossetia

The president of the Republic of South Ossetia is the "de facto" head of state of the partially recognized Republic of South Ossetia.


Eduard Kokoity

Eduard Dzhabeyevich Kokoyty (; born 31 October 1964) is the former President of the partially recognized state South Ossetia. His term in office lasted just under ten years, beginning December 2001 and ending December 2011.

Vadim Brovtsev

Vadim Vladimirovich Brovtsev (, "Brovtsête Vlâdimire fert Vâdim"; , , "Vadim Brovcevi"; born 26 July 1969) is a Russian businessman who was Prime Minister of the Republic of South Ossetia from 5 August 2009 to 26 April 2012, as well as Acting President from December 11, 2011 to April 19, 2012. 

Leonid Tibilov

Leonid Tibilov (; ; ; born 28 March 1951) is a South Ossetian politician. He was the President of South Ossetia from 2012 to 2017.

Yi Yi

Yi Yi () is a 2000 Taiwanese Japanese drama movie directed by Edward Yang and starring Wu Nien-jen, Elaine Jin, Kelly Lee, Jonathan Chang, Issey Ogata.


Anatoly Bibilov

Anatoly Ilyich Bibilov (, ; born February 6, 1970) is a Russian and South Ossetian military officer. He was the 4th President of South Ossetia from April 21, 2017 until May 24, 2022.

John Cornell

John Cornell (2 March 1941 – 23 July 2021) was an Australian movie producer, writer, actor, and businessman. He was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. He was best known for his role as "Strop" on "The Paul Hogan Show" and for writing the "Crocodile Dundee" movies. He also helped create the World Series Cricket in 1977.

He started as a journalist. Cornell became an editor of "The Daily News" at 26 years of age.

In 1971, he was working as a producer of "A Current Affair." He produced and co-wrote the screenplay for Hogan's 1986 film "Crocodile Dundee," produced and directed the"Crocodile Dundee II" sequel in 1988. 

Cornell died on 23 July 2021 at his home at Byron Bay, New South Wales from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 80.

Alfred Biolek

Alfred Biolek (born Alfred Franz Maria Biolek; 10 July 1934 – 23 July 2021) was a German entertainer and television producer. Biolek was an honorary professor at the Academy of Media Arts Cologne. Biolek was born in Freistadt, Czechoslovakia. He helped produce some television specials for Monty Python.

Biolek died on 23 July 2021 in Cologne, aged 87.

COVID-19 pandemic in Samoa

The COVID-19 pandemic in Samoa is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Samoa was confirmed on 18 November 2020. As of 1 June 2021, there were three COVID-19 cases in Samoa.

Mike Smith (football manager)

Michael John Smith (1937 – July 2021) was an English football manager. He managed the Wales and Egypt national teams and Hull City. His managing career lasted from 1974 until 1995.

His death was announced on 22 July 2021. He was 84.

Caril Ann Fugate

Caril Ann Fugate (born July 30, 1943, Nebraska) is the youngest female in the United States to have been tried and convicted of first-degree murder. She was the teenage girlfriend of Charles Starkweather, a serial killer. Fugate was age fourteen when Starkweather's conviction happened. She was convicted as his accomplice and given life imprisonment. She was paroled in 1976.

Fugate lived in Lincoln, Nebraska with her mother Velma Bartlett and her stepfather Marion Bartlett. In 1956, at age 13, Fugate got romantically involved to Charles Raymond Starkweather. The man had dropped out of high school. He was born almost five years before Fugate was. They bet by way of Caril's sister Barbara. The latter was dating Starkweather's friend Bob von Busch. Starkweather was a truck unloader for the Western Union newspaper warehouse. 

On Sunday, December 1, 1957, Starkweather committed his first murder when attendant Robert "Bobby" Calvert, working for a gas station near Lincoln, Nebraska, refused to let Starkweather buy a present for Fugate on credit. Starkweather then killed Calvert and robbed the gas station.

On January 21, 1958, Starkweather shot and killed Velda and Marion Bartlett. The killer then hit Fugate's baby half-sister, Betty Jean. That caused blunt-force trauma. Starkweather then stabbed her in the neck.

Starkweather and Fugate left Nebraska. They drove into Wyoming. They were involved in six more murders. Starkweather and Fugate were later arrested near Douglas, Wyoming. 

Starkweather was sentenced to death and executed in Nebraska's electric chair on Thursday, June 25, 1959. He insisted although he killed most of the victims, Fugate also killed several. Fugate maintained her innocence. However, she was tried and convicted for her role in the murder spree. While being tried, Fugate testified she was Starkweather's hostage. The jury, however, found Fugate's testimony as not credible.

While in prison, Fugate was called a model prisoner. After release, she lived in the Lansing, Michigan area for a long time.

The Nebraska Parole Board did not grant a pardon for Fugate. The decision was made in February 2020. The reason for the decision was because the role of a pardon is to restore rights to felons, not to set people free of their crimes.

The Starkweather–Fugate case was the inspiration for several movies. Those include "Kalifornia" (1993), "Natural Born Killers" (1994) and "Starkweather" (2004). The television movie, "Murder in the Heartland" (1993) was a biographical depiction of Fugate and Starkweather. The earlier is played by Fairuza Balk. The latter is played by Tim Roth


212 Warrior

212 Warrior (also known as Wiro Sableng 212 and Wiro Sableng Pendekar Kapak Maut Naga Geni 212) is a 2018 Indonesian action fantasy comedy movie directed by Angga Dwimas Sasongko and was based on the Wiro Sableng series by Bastian Tito. It stars Vino G. Bastian, Sherina Munaf, Marsha Timothy, Happy Salma, Dwi Sasono, Yayan Ruhian and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Greg Knapp

Gregory Fishbeck Knapp (March 5, 1963 – July 22, 2021) was an American football coach. He was an assistant coach in the National Football League (NFL) for 25 seasons with the New York Jets, Atlanta Falcons, Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, Houston Texans, Seattle Seahawks and San Francisco 49ers. He was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Knapp was hit by a car while riding his bike in San Ramon, California on July 17, 2021. He died from his injuries five days later on July 22, aged 58.

Jean-Pierre Jaussaud

Jean-Pierre Jaussaud (3 June 1937 – 21 July 2021) was a French racing driver. He was known for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1978 and 1980. Jaussaud was born in Caen, France. He raced with Formula Three cars.

Jaussaud died on 21 July 2021 in Caen of a heart attack, aged 84.

Los Bracitos tree frog

The Los Bracitos tree frog or Hispaniolan green tree frog ("Boana heilprini") is a frog that lives in Hispaniola, which is the island that has Haiti and the Dominican Republic on it. Scientists have seen it as high as 1823 meters above sea level.

Rahul Gupta

Rahul Gupta (born 1970 or 1971) is an American physician. He was born in India and raised in Washington, D.C.. He is the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy since 2021 during the Joe Biden administration.

Gupta was in charge of the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department from 2009 to 2014. He became the director of the West Virginia Bureau of Public Health in 2015, and focused on reducing overdose deaths from the opioid epidemic.

In July 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Gupta to serve as director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 28, 2021.

Summerville, South Carolina

Summerville is a town in the U.S. state of South Carolina, mostly in Dorchester County with small parts in Berkeley and Charleston counties. It is part of the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of Summerville at the 2020 census was 50,915.

St. George, South Carolina

Saint George is a town in Dorchester County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,843 at the 2020 census. It has been the county seat of Dorchester County since 1897. 

Malagasy cuisine

Malagasy food is the cuisine of Madagascar. Malagasy cuisine is generally very similar to Creole cuisines, and are usually very spicy and usually generous. Most of it has been influenced by South Asia.

Papilio polyctor

The common peacock ("Papilio polyctor"), is a swallowtail butterfly found in the Indian subcontinent. It is found in the Great Himalayas and parts of Pakistan and Northern India. 

Dropping out

Dropping out means leaving school. Reasons students drop out include because they must work, for social reasons, because of harassment, because of illness or because they no longer trust the school system that they are leaving. Unlike failing or expulsion, dropping out is the student's decision and not the school's.

In Canada, most people graduate from grade 12 by age 18. It was found by the Labour Force Survey (LFS) that by 2009, one in twelve 20-to-24 year old adults in Canada did not have a diploma from high school (Gilmore, 2010). The study also showed that males had higher dropout rates than females. Other people with stronger risks for dropping out were those outside urban/suburban areas or in the northern territories. Beginning from 1990 the Canadian dropout rates went down from 20% (1990) to around 9% (2010). From 2010 and after, however, the rate did not drop across Canada. When females drop out of high school, they get less money, the economic costs are greater and they have higher rates of unemployment than male dropouts. Female high school dropouts are more likely to rely on public support programs than male dropouts.

Dropping out of school is not allowed in the United Kingdom. Dropping out of college or universities, however, "is" allowed. Students under age 16 must attend a school with the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE).

In the United States, dropping out means students entirely quit school before they graduate. About 1.2 million students drop out of high school every year in the United States. They do this for different reasons: bullying, family emergency, poor grades, depression, mental illness, bad environment or not enough freedom. Students who drop out of high school in the United States are more likely to be unemployed, homeless or receiving welfare. Members of certain racial or ethnic groups drop out at higher rates than white students. Students raised in single-parent families and low poor students are more likely to drop out.

Many states say students must stay in school until they are 16, like in the United Kingdom. However, in 1972, the United States Supreme Court said that Amish students do not have to go to high school.

Daniel Brochu

Daniel Brochu (born February 28, 1970) is a Canadian actor, who is well known for voicing Buster Baxter in the PBS Kids TV series Arthur and it's spin-off Postcards from Buster, as well as Danny Pickett in later seasons of "What's with Andy?".

Mint Hill, North Carolina

Mint Hill is a town in Mecklenburg and Union counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 26,450 people live in Mint Hill.

Thinhorn sheep

The thinhorn sheep ("Ovis dalli") is a hoofed animal in the family Bovidae. They live in northwestern North America.

There are about 115,000 thinhorn sheep alive. There are two subspecies of thinhorn sheep, the Dall sheep ("Ovis dalli dalli") and stone sheep ("Ovis dalli stonei"). Most thinhorn sheep are Dall sheep.

Most of the stone sheep live in British Columbia.

These sheep are about 1.5 m high and can weigh up to 110 kg. The female sheep have small horns but the male sheep have larger horns that twist more as they get older. The horns are tan in color. The wool of Dall's sheep is almost pure white. The wool of the stone sheep is almost all black. Stone sheep's horns do not flare out as much and are lighter in color.

These sheep live in mountains. In the summer, they come to grassy places to eat twigs, sage, buds, leaves and grass. These places are 1200 to 1500 meters above sea level. In the winter, they stay on the south sides of the mountains, where it is warmer. These places are about 1500 to 2200 meters above sea level. Although they do well in the cold, thinhorn sheep do not move easily through deep snow. They have short legs and small feet, so they cannot walk through snow or on top of it. Instead, they try to live in forests where the snow is not deep or near cliffs. They can climb the cliffs to get away from animals that want to eat them. They follow the same routes from summer places to winter places for generations.

Thinhorn sheep live in herds. Most of the time, the rams live together in a bachelor herd, and the ewes and young sheep live together in other herds. Male sheep leave the female herds when they are about two years old.

The sheep mate in November. Although younger rams can mate, it is mostly the older rams who actually do. Rams only fight each other if their horns are almost the same size. Otherwise, rams with smaller horns give way to rams with larger horns. Thinhorn rams do not fight each other as much as bighorn rams do.

The ewes give birth when the Spring plants are growing. The ewe climbs up into a rock place and gives birth. She and her lamb stay there for a few days before coming back down. This makes it harder for predators to find and eat the new lamb.

Golden eagles, wolves, bears, and wolverines eat thinhorn sheep. It is easiest for predators to catch sheep in bad winters, when the snow is deep and the spring comes later. The sheep are hungry and cannot run away quickly.

Thinhorn sheep and snow sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago.

Shallotte, North Carolina

Shallotte is a town in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,185 people live in Shallotte.

Newport, North Carolina

Newport is a town in Carteret County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,364 people live in Newport.

Melissa Altro

Melissa Altro (born May 16, 1982) is a Canadian voice actress from Montreal, Quebec. Prior to having a career in voice acting, Altro guest-starred on a 1994 episode of the YTV/Nickelodeon series Are You Afraid of the Dark?. Altro also provides the voice of Gretchen in the Teletoon/Disney XD animated series Camp Lakebottom. Altro is perhaps best known for voicing Muffy Crosswire on the PBS Kids animated television series Arthur (1996-present).

Single parent

A single parent is a parent who lives with their children but does not live with a spouse or partner. People may become single parents if they are breaking up with the other parent. This may happen because of domestic violence, sexual assault/rape, because the woman gives birth alone, because of abandonment, or by choice. Single-parent families are those having children that are in the control of one parent.

In homes in OECD countries in 2011, single-parent homes made up about 3-11%. The average was 7.5%. The percentage was highest in Australia (10%), Canada (10%), Mexico (10%), the United States (10%), Lithuania (10%), Costa Rica (11%), Latvia(11%) and New Zealand (11%). It was the lowest in Japan (3%), Greece (4%), Switzerland (4%), Bulgaria (5%), Croatia (5%), Germany (5%), Italy (5%) and Cyprus (5%).

In homes having children in 2005–09, the percentage of single-parent homes was 10% in Japan, 16% in the Netherlands, 19% in Sweden, 20% in France, 22% in Denmark, 22% in Germany, 23% in Ireland, 25% in Canada, 25% in the United Kingdom and 30% in the United States. The U.S. majority increased from 20% in 1980 to 30% in 2008.

In all OECD countries, most single-parent homes included a mother. Between 9% and 25% included a father. The lowest numbers were for Estonia (9%), Costa Rica (10%), Japan (10%), Ireland (10%) and the United Kingdom. The highest were in Norway (22%), Spain (23%), Sweden (24%), Romania (25%) and the United States (25%).

In most single-parent families, the parent is the mother. In 2016, the number of 6–12 year olds living mostly with their fathers was between 5% and 36% in the many OECD countries. It was highest in Belgium (17%), Iceland (19%), Slovenia (20%), France (22%), Norway (23%) and Sweden (36%). It was the lowest in Lithuania (4%), Ireland (5%), Poland (5%), Estonia (7%), Austria (7%) and the United Kingdom (8%). In the United States it was 15%.

Over 9.5 million American families are each run by one woman. Single mothers are likely to have mental health problems, trouble with money, be at risk of poverty and receive low levels of social support. The mental health problems that affect single mothers include anxiety and depression.

Often, low-income women cannot get good mental health care services. These women are less likely to receive mental health treatment.

Children raised by a single parent are more likely than two-parent children to have these problems: failing grades at school, committing crimes, substance abuse, poverty and being dependent on welfare. One study showed that many American children from single-parent families are less good at mathematics and reading tests than other American children.

In Sweden, research has shown that children living with one parent have far worse well-being, family relationships, mental health, peer friendships, physical health, bullying and cultural activities than families with both parents.

Experts disagree about what the most important part of a family is, especially experts in the United States. Some people say that a single parent family is not really a family.

Dall sheep

The Dall sheep or Dall's sheep is a subspecies of Thinhorn sheep. They usually eat grass and other plants. They live in northwestern North America, in Canada and Alaska.

These sheep are about 1.5 m high and can weigh up to 110 kg. The female sheep have small horns but the male sheep have larger horns that twist more as they get older. The horns are tan in color. The wool of Dall's sheep is almost pure white.

The sheep's horns grow fastest in warm weather and slowest in cold weather. This puts rings in the horns called annuli. The number of rings shows how old the sheep is.

The other kind of thinhorn sheep, the stone sheep, can breed with Dall sheep. These thinhorn sheep are sometimes called Fannin's sheep.

Most Dall sheep live to be about 12 years old, but some ewes live to be 16 or even 19.

There are about 100,000 Dall sheep in the world. They live in Alaska in the Kenai Peninsula and Brooks Range. They live in Canada's Yukon and Northwest Territories in the Mackenzie Mountains, Kluane and Saint Elia ranges.

Like other thinhorn sheep, Dall sheep live in mountains. Because they do not have long legs or large feet, they cannot move easily in snow. Instead, they live in places where the wind blows the snow away before it gets too deep. They climb onto rocks to escape animals that want to eat them. They follow the same paths from summer places to winter places for generations.

Dall sheep live in herds. Most of the time, the rams live together in a bachelor herd, and the ewes and young sheep live together in other herds. Male sheep leave the female herds when they are two or three years old.

The sheep mate in November. Although younger rams can mate, it is mostly the older rams who actually do.

Before an ewe gives birth, she climbs into a rocky place that humans call a "lambing cliff." She gives birth there. She and her lamb stay there for a few days before coming back down. This makes it harder for predators to find and eat the new lamb. The lamb can eat grass by October.

Golden eagles, wolves, grizzly bears, and wolverines eat thinhorn sheep.

Thinhorn sheep and snow sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago. After that, the thinhorn sheep moved east and spread out. The Dall sheep and stone sheep became separate subspecies some time after that.

Elisabeth Falkhaven

Elisabeth Falkhaven (born September 12, 1955 in Partille, Sweden) is a Swedish politician from the Green Party. She is a member of Riksdag from Halland County since 2018.

On June 23, 2021, she undertook support for Aliaksandr Kardziukou. Aliaksandr Kardziukou saw the murder of Hienadz Shutau and is a political prisoner from Belarus.

Waiting for the Sea

Waiting for the Sea () is a 2012 Russian Ukrainian Belgian French Kazakhstani German Tajik drama movie directed by Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov and starring Egor Beroev, Anastasiya Mikulchina, Detlev Buck, Dinmukhamet Akhimov.

Sherwood Schwartz

Sherwood Charles Schwartz (November 14, 1916 - July 12, 2011) was an American television producer. He worked on radio shows in the 1940s, but he now is best known for creating the 1960s television series Gilligan's Island (1964-1967) for CBS and The Brady Bunch (1969-1974) for ABC. On March 7, 2008, Schwartz, at the time still active in his 90s, was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. That same year, Schwartz was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.

The Family Jewels (movie)

The Family Jewels is a 1965 American comedy movie directed by Jerry Lewis (who also played seven roles in the movie) and starring Donna Butterworth, Sebastian Cabot, Neil Hamilton, Jay Adler. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 1 Golden Globe in 1966.

Lock Haven, Pennsylvania

Lock Haven is the county seat in Clinton County, Pennsylvania. It started as a town in 1833. It was declared a city in 1870. As of 2020, there were 8,108 people living in the city.
The most damaging floods in Lock Haven happened in June 1972 when remnants from Hurricane Agnes crossed Schuylkill County within 75 miles of Lock Haven.

Morrisville, North Carolina

Morrisville is a town in Wake and Durham counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 29,630 people live in Morrisville.

Mount Pleasant, North Carolina

Mount Pleasant is a town in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,671 people live in Mount Pleasant.

Smithfield, North Carolina

Smithfield is a town in and the county seat of Johnston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 11,292 people live in Smithfield. It is the birthplace of the Hollywood actress, Ava Gardner.

Winterville, North Carolina

Winterville is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 10,462 people live in Winterville.

Papilio bianor

The Common peacock black swallowtail emerald "(Papilio bianor)", is a swallowtail butterfly found in Asia. It is also found in the Great Himalayas and parts of Pakistan and Northern India. 

Taylorsville, North Carolina

Taylorsville is a town in and the county seat of Alexander County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,320 people live in Taylorsville.

Thilo Kehrer

Jan Thilo Kehrer (; born 21 September 1996) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Premier League club West Ham United and the Germany national team. Mainly a centre-back, he can also play in either full-back position.

Life Is a Miracle

Life Is a Miracle () is a 2004 Serbian Montenegrin French Italian war musical comedy drama movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Slavko Štimac, Nataša Šolak, Vesna Trivalić, Goran Jevtić, Vuk Kostić, Aleksandar Berček.


Mayor of Tower Hamlets

The mayor of Tower Hamlets is the directly elected mayor of Tower Hamlets London Borough Council in east London, England. The first election for this position happened on 21 October 2010. 

Henry Wade

Henry Menasco Wade (November 11, 1914 – March 1, 2001) was an American lawyer. He was the district attorney of Dallas County from 1951 to 1987. He was known for his prosecution of Jack Ruby for killing Lee Harvey Oswald, and the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing abortion, "Roe v. Wade".

Wade died of problems caused by Parkinson's disease on March 1, 2001 in Dallas, Texas at the age of 86.

Vanquish (movie)

Vanquish is a 2021 action-thriller movie, directed by George Gallo. The movie starring Ruby Rose and Morgan Freeman.

Yungas tree frog

The Yungas tree frog, fasciated frog or spotted tree frog ("Boana balzani") is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 1200 and 2210 meters above sea level in the Andes mountains.

This frog lives in cloud forests.

Vanquish (video game)

Snow sheep

The snow sheep ("Ovis nivicola") is a sheep in the family Bovidae. It lives in Siberia.

Scientists put the snow sheep in the subgenus "Pachyceros". They are in the same group as bighorn sheep and thinhorn sheep. The bighorns and thinhorns live in North America and the snow sheep live in Eurasia. The snow sheep used to be called the Asiatic bighorn sheep.

Scientists do not all agree on how many subspecies of snow sheep there are:


The adult male snow sheep can weigh 70-100 kg (155-222 lbs). The adult female snow sheep can weigh 40-70 kg (90-155 lbs). This is heavier than most sheep. They have very thick, curly horns that can be a meter long.

The snow sheep live further north than any other Eurasian sheep. They live in a large part of Russia with mountains in it.

Snow sheep like open places without many trees or large bushes.

Snow sheep eat grasses, green plants, and sedge. They can also eat lichen and pine needles. Like other sheep, snow sheep lick clay for the salt. The kodar subspecies eats coal, but scientists are not sure why.

Snow sheep and thinhorn sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago. Scientists think the sheep became different species because the water melted and covered the Bering land bridge.

The Kansan (movie)

The Kansan is a 1943 American western movie directed by George Archainbaud and starring Richard Dix, Jane Wyatt, Albert Dekker, Eugene Pallette, Victor Jory, Beryl Wallace, Hobart Cavanaugh, Willie Best, Douglas Fowley. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944.


List of Kamp Koral: SpongeBob's Under Years episodes


She's the One (1996 movie)

She's the One is a 1996 American romantic comedy movie directed by Edward Burns (who also stars) and also starring Cameron Diaz, Jennifer Aniston, John Mahoney, Maxine Bahns, Mike McGlone, Leslie Mann, Amanda Pett, Frank Vincent. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jack of Diamonds (1967 movie)

Jack of Diamonds is a 1967 American German crime drama movie directed by Don Taylor and starring George Hamilton, Joseph Cotten, Zsa Zsa Gabor, Carroll Baker, Maurice Evans, Marie Laforêt. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Skite (album)

Skite is the third studio album by Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias, released on September 8, 1978. The album was produced by Ian Dury and the Blockheads keyboardist and guitarist Chaz Jankel. Recorded in May 1978, the album was Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias' first studio album released following the success of 1977's "Italians from the Outer Space", which included the UK Top 40 single "Old Trust".

The music on "Skite" is built around sendups of pop and rock music of the late-1970s, featuring sendups of ABBA, Robyn Hitchcock, Status Quo, Ian Dury and the Blockheads, Pink Floyd, Nick Lowe, The Buzzcocks, The Stranglers and Devo. The album also features reggae version of Pete Seeger's "Where Have All the Flowers Gone" and doo-wop version of Sex Pistols' "Anarchy in the U.K.".

Despite a mixed critical reception, "Skite" sold well and peaked at number fifty on the UK Singles Chart. The album produced one of Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias's more famous singles, "Heads Down No-Nonsense Mindless Boogie", a sendup of Status Quo and "Juan Lopez (The Lonely Goatherd)", a sendup of ABBA; "Heads Down No-Nonsense Mindless Boogie" peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart.



Taothingmang

Taothingmang was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is a son and the successor of Emperor Khuyoi Tompok.
He is one of the nine kings associated with the different designs in a historic flag of the kingdom. Other than the Cheitharol Kumbaba, the Ningthourol Lambuba and the Chada Laihui, Taothingmang and his elder brother Yoimongba are also especially mentioned in the Toreirol Lambuba and the Tutenglon.

Mickey Levy

Michael (Mickey) Levy, Hebrew: מיכאל (מיקי) לוי , (born 21 June 1951) is an Israeli politician of Yesh Atid.

Levy was born in Jerusalem. He was a major in the IDF, commander of the Judea and Samaria police district as well of the Jerusalem police district, and police attaché in the United States. Later on he was head of the Egged Ta'avura bus company.

He has been a member of the Knesset since 5 February 2013. From 2013 to 2014 he was deputy minister of finance in the Third Netanyahu Government. Since 13 June 2021 he has been speaker of the Knesset.

Levy holds a bachelor in political science from Haifa University. He is married with four children and lives west of Jerusalem in Mevasseret Tzion.


Iznasen Berber

Iznasen Berber or Taznast (Berber : ⵜⴰⵣⵏⴰⵙⵙⵜ, Arabic : الزناتية زناسنية) is the original dialect of the At Iznasen, an Arabized berber tribe, established in the extreme north-east of Morocco in Berkane province, the north of Oujda province and the north of Taourirt province, before the border between Algeria and Morocco.
The arabic language is predominant at the Iznasen tribe. 

Vice Squad (1953 movie)

Vice Squad is a 1953 American crime movie directed by Arnold Laven and was based on the novel "Harness Bull" by Leslie T. White. It stars Edward G. Robinson, Paulette Goddard, K. T. Stevens, Porter Hall, Edward Binns, Jay Adler, Lee Van Cleef, Dan Riss and was distributed by United Artists.


Brannigan (movie)

Brannigan is a 1975 British American action thriller movie directed by Douglas Hickox and starring John Wayne, Richard Attenborough, Judy Geeson, Mel Ferrer, John Vernon, Ralph Meeker, Lesley Anne Down, James Booth. It was distributed by United Artists.


Blind Date (1984 movie)

Blind Date, also known as "Deadly Seduction", is a 1984 American British Greek erotic thriller movie directed by Nico Mastorakis and starring Kirstie Alley, Joseph Bottoms, Marina Sirtis, Lana Clarkson. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.


List of national mottos

A national motto is chosen to describe the intent or motivation of the state in a short phrase. For example, it can be included on a country's flag, coat of arms, or a currency for that country.

Cairo International Stadium

The Cairo International Stadium is a large stadium in Cairo, Egypt. It has a capacity of 75,000 people, and is the most visited stadium in Egypt. The stadium was opened in 1960. It was designed by Werner March, the same man who also designed the Berlin Olympic Stadium.

The stadium hosts matches from the Egypt national team, Al Ahly, and Zamalek SC.

Many games in the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations were played at this stadium, including the final between Algeria and Senegal.

30 June Stadium

30 June Stadium is a stadium in Cairo, Egypt. It has a capacity of 30,000 people. It was built by the Egyptian Air Defense Forces.

The stadium is used by the Egyptian Premier League club Pyramids FC, and was one of the stadiums which hosted 2019 Africa Cup of Nations matches.

On 8 February 2015, 20 football fans died from a stampede when the crowd panicked after police used tear gas to clear the fans trying to force their way into the stadium.

Borg El Arab Stadium

Borg El Arab Stadium is the second largest stadium in Africa, and is in Borg El Arab, near Alexandria, Egypt. It has a capacity of 86,000 people.

It hosts some matches for the Egypt national team, Smouha SC, Al Ahly SC, and Al Ittihad Alexandria Club.

Organic acid

Organic acid is a type of organic compound that typically has acidic properties. A common example of organic acids are called carboxyl acids, which are generally known as weak acids and do not totally dissociate in a medium such as water, unlike with strong minerals.

The simplest form of organic acids, such as acetic and formic, are typically used in stimulation treatments against corrosion for gas and oil, since these are less reactive compared to hydrochloric acid and other strong acids.

Femen

Femen is a group of people which identify as feminist. The group was founded in 2008, in Ukraine. Since then, they mostly became known for different protests, they did with their breasts exposted (topless).

Rashid Rauf

Rashid Rauf (ca. 1981 – 22 November 2008) was a person thought to work for Al-Qaeda. He was a citizen of two countries, with them being the United Kingdom and Pakistan. He would be arrested in Bhawalpur, Pakistan as he was involved with the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot in August 2006, a day before some other arrests were made in the United Kingdom. The Pakistani Interior Minister, Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao, thought that he was definitely someone who worked for al Qaeda. He was thought to be one of the leaders of the plot. In December 2006, the anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi said that they couldn't find any proof that showed he had been involved in helping terrorists, but was charged with some smaller charges.

Rauf was born in England with people originally from Pakistan as his parents, and was in Birmingham during his childhood. Rauf was married to someone in the family of Maulana Masood Azhar.

Rauf would be killed in 2008 in a drone strike.

2021 Henan floods

From 17-31 July 2021, China's Henan province has been affected by flooding caused by a long period of heavy rainfall. There had been record-breaking maximum rainfall in an hour, , was seen in Zhengzhou, the capital of the province. The floods and landslides have killed least 56 people with at least 5 went missing. 585,193 people were evacuated, 919,519 were relocated, and 7.579 million people were affected. 

The floods were made more likely because of extreme weather caused by climate change in China.

Tuomo Ylipulli

Tuomo Sakari Ylipulli (3 March 1965 – 23 July 2021) was a Finnish ski jumper. He was born in Rovaniemi, Finland. He won a gold medal in the Team large hill competition at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. He also won two gold medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 1985 and 1987.

Ylipulli died on 23 July 2021 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 56.

Marshall Applewhite

Marshall Herff "Do" Applewhite Jr. (May 17, 1931 – March 26, 1997) was an American cult leader. He co-founded what became known as the Heaven's Gate religious group and organized their mass suicide in 1997, which killed 39 people. Applewhite was born in Spur, Texas. 

In 1954, Applewhite was drafted by the United States Army and served in Austria and New Mexico as a member of the Army Signal Corps.

Applewhite believed in the ancient astronaut hypothesis, which said that extraterrestrials had visited humanity in the past and put humans on Earth and would return to collect some people.

Applewhite killed himself during the Heaven's Gate mass suicide by drinking barbiturate at his Rancho Santa Fe, California mansion, aged 65.

Jeremy Gelbwaks

Jeremy Russell Gelbwaks (born May 22, 1961) is an American former child actor who starred as Chris Partridge in the television series "The Partridge Family" from 1970 to 1971 on ABC.

Rancho Santa Fe, California

Rancho Santa Fe is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California, United States. It is within the San Diego metropolitan area. ​The population was 3,156 at the 2020 census. 

David Reimer

David Reimer (born Bruce Peter Reimer; 22 August 1965 – 4 May 2004) was a Canadian man who was born male but raised as a girl following medical advice and after his penis was badly injured during a circumcision gone wrong in infancy. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Reimer's parents were told to raise him as a girl by Dr John Money. He displayed a lot of masculine behavior, including urinating while standing up over the toilet. Reimer realized that he was not a girl between the ages of 9 and 11 years. 

He reverted to living as a male at age 15. His surgery gone wrong has been used as an example of what not to do and became known as the "John/Joan" case. Reimer later went public with his story to help people not go through similar medical practices. 

Reimer, who was suffering from depression, killed himself on 4 May 2004 in Winnipeg after shooting himself outside a grocery store, aged 38.

John and Lorena Bobbitt

John Wayne Bobbitt (born March 23, 1967) and Lorena Bobbitt (née Gallo; born October 31, 1969) were an American couple married on June 18, 1989 and lived in Manassas, Virginia. Their relationship became well known in 1993 when, after claims of years of rape and abuse by her husband, Lorena cut off his penis with a knife while he was asleep in bed. The penis was surgically reattached. 

John was born in Buffalo, New York and Lorena was born in Guayas Province, Ecuador.

John Bobbitt was acquitted on the rape charge. Lorena Bobbitt was found not guilty for reason of insanity.

In 1995, after six years of marriage, John and Lorena finalized their divorce.

After the events, John starred in two pornographic movies in the 1990s and said in 2018 that his penis is "back to normal".

Lorena was invited by President Abdalá Bucaram for an official dinner and later became godparents to each other's children in 1996.

In December 1997, Lorena was charged with assault for punching her mother, Elvia Gallo, as they watched television. She was eventually acquitted of assault and in 2007, she founded Lorena's Red Wagon organization, which helps prevent domestic violence through family-oriented activities.

National personification

A National personification are concepts such as nations, emotions, and natural forces/phenomena, such as seasons and weather in relation to personae characteristics of a state or the people(s) it inhabits. It may appear in political mascots and cultural depictions.


Idris of Libya

Idris (; El Sayyid Prince Muhammad Idris bin Muhammad al-Mahdi as-Senussi; 13 March 1890 – 25 May 1983) was a Libyan political and religious leader. He was the Emir of Cyrenaica. Idris was the King of the United Kingdom of Libya (renamed as the Kingdom of Libya in 1963) from 1951 to 1969. He was the chief of the Senussi Muslim order.

Sheldon Lee Glashow

Sheldon Lee Glashow (, ; born December 5, 1932) is an American theoretical physicist. He is the Metcalf Professor of Mathematics and Physics at Boston University. He is also a professor emeritus, at Harvard University. He is known for his works about the unification of electroweak interactions. He won the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics alongside Steven Weinberg and Abdus Salam.

Glashow was born in New York City. He studied at Cornell University and Harvard University. In 1972, he married Joan Shirley Alexander. They have four children.


Steven Weinberg

Steven Weinberg (; May 3, 1933 – July 23, 2021) was an American theoretical physicist. He won the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics for his works with Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow to the unification of the weak force and electromagnetic interactions. 

Weinberg was born in New York City. He studied at Cornell University and Princeton University. In 1954, he married law academic Louise Goldwasser. They have one daughter, Elizabeth. Weinberg is Jewish and a liberal.

Weinberg died on July 23, 2021 at a hospital in Austin, Texas at the age of 88.

Louise Weinberg

Louise Weinberg (née Goldwasser; born December 5, 1932) is an American legal scholar. She is known for being the chairholder and law professor at the University of Texas Law School. She is known for her "judicial federalism" legal theory. 

Weinberg was born in New York City. She studied at Cornell University and at Harvard University. From 1954 until his death in 2021, she was married to physicist and Nobel winner Steven Weinberg. They had one daughter.

Jerome Isaac Friedman

Jerome Isaac Friedman (born March 28, 1930) is an American physicist. He is Institute Professor and Professor of Physics, "Emeritus, "at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He won the 1990 Nobel Prize in Physics along with Henry Kendall and Richard Taylor, for work showing an internal structure for protons later known to be quarks. 

Friedman was born in Chicago, Illinois to a Jewish family. He studied at the University of Chicago. In 1956, he married Tania Letetsky-Baranovsky. They have four children.

In 2003, he was one of 22 Nobel winners who signed the Humanist Manifesto. He is an atheist.

Henry Way Kendall

Henry Way Kendall (December 9, 1926 – February 15, 1999) was an American particle physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1990 with Jerome Isaac Friedman and Richard E. Taylor for their works on the scattering of electrons on protons and the creation of the quark model in particle physics.

Kendall was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Amherst College and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Kendall died, aged 72, while diving the cave at the Edward Ball Wakulla Springs State Park in Wakulla County, Florida on February 15, 1999. He ran out of oxygen while ignoring safety protocols, which his autopsy found to be on purpose because of a physiological issue.

Amherst College

Amherst College ( ) is a private liberal arts college in Amherst, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1821 as an attempt to relocate Williams College.

Creedmoor, Texas

Creedmoor is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Jonestown, Texas

Jonestown is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lakeway, Texas

Lakeway is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Alfred Loewenstein

Alfred Léonard Loewenstein (11 March 1877 – 4 July 1928) was a Belgian banker and businessman. Loewenstein was worth around £12 million in the currency of the time (equivalent to £ million in ), making him the third richest person in the world at the time. 

Loewenstein died on 4 July 1928 after his body fell out of his private plane that was travelling over the North Sea, aged 51. The reason why he fell out of the plane is unknown as murder, accidental or suicide have been not been ruled out.

Leonard, Texas

Leonard is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Tsung-Dao Lee

Tsung-Dao Lee (; born November 24, 1926) is a Chinese-American physicist. He was born in Shanghai. He is known for his work on parity violation, the Lee Model, particle physics, relativistic heavy ion (RHIC) physics, nontopological solitons and soliton stars. 

He was a University Professor Emeritus at Columbia University, where he taught from 1953 until his retirement in 2012.

In 1957, Lee, at the age of 30, won the Nobel Prize in Physics with Chen Ning Yang for their work on the violation of the parity law in weak interactions.

COVID-19 pandemic in Vanuatu

The COVID-19 pandemic in Vanuatu is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Vanuatu was confirmed on 11 November 2020. The Vanuatuan Government and groups such as the Vanuatu Red Cross support and encourage vaccination against COVID-19.

Shin'ichirō Tomonaga

, usually known as Sin-Itiro Tomonaga in English, was a Japanese physicist and important in the creation of quantum electrodynamics. For this, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965 along with Richard Feynman and Julian Schwinger. Tomonaga was born in Tokyo.

Tomonaga died on July 8, 1979 in Tokyo of throat cancer, aged 73.

Samuel C. C. Ting

Samuel Chao Chung Ting (, born January 27, 1936) is a Chinese-American physicist. With Burton Richter, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1976 for discovering the subatomic J/ψ particle. He has been the principal investigator in research with the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer. 

Ting was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan.

Arno Allan Penzias

Arno Allan Penzias (; April 26, 1933 – January 22, 2024) was a German-born American physicist and radio astronomer. Along with Robert Woodrow Wilson, he discovered the cosmic microwave background radiation, which helped create the Big Bang theory of cosmology. He and Wilson won the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Penzias was born in Munich, Germany and raised in New York City. He studied at Columbia University.

Penzias died from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease in San Francisco, California on January 22, 2024, at the age of 90.

Pyotr Kapitsa

Pyotr Leonidovich Kapitsa or Peter Kapitza (Russian: Пётр Леонидович Капица, Romanian: Petre Capița ( – 8 April 1984) was a Soviet physicist and engineer. He was best known for his work in low-temperature physics. He won the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics.

William Alfred Fowler

William Alfred Fowler (August 9, 1911 – March 14, 1995) was an American nuclear physicist. With Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, he won the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physics. He is known for his theoretical and experimental research into nuclear reactions within stars and the energy elements produced in the process. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Fowler died on March 14, 1995 in Pasadena, California from kidney failure, aged 83.

Manor, Texas

Manor is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Carlo Rubbia

Carlo Rubbia, (born 31 March 1934) is an Italian particle physicist and inventor. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 with Simon van der Meer for work leading to the discovery of the W and Z particles at CERN. He was born in Gorizia, Italy.

Klaus von Klitzing

Klaus von Klitzing (, born 28 June 1943) is a German physicist. He is known for his discovery of the integer quantum Hall effect. He was awarded the 1985 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Ernst Ruska

Ernst August Friedrich Ruska (25 December 1906 – 27 May 1988) was a German physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1986 for his work in electron optics. He helped create the design of the first electron microscope.

Gerd Binnig

Gerd Binnig (born 20 July 1947) is a German physicist. He is most famous for having won the Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Heinrich Rohrer in 1986 for the invention of the scanning tunneling microscope.

Georg Bednorz

Johannes Georg Bednorz (born 16 May 1950) is a German physicist. With K. Alex Müller, they discovered high-temperature superconductivity in ceramics, for which they shared the 1987 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Russell Alan Hulse

Russell Alan Hulse (born November 28, 1950) is an American physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1993, which he shared with his thesis advisor Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr., for the discovery of a new type of pulsar and his studies on gravitational waves.

In 2004, Hulse joined University of Texas at Dallas and became the Founding Director of UT Dallas Science and Engineering Education Center (SEEC).

Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr.

Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr. (born March 29, 1941) is an American astrophysicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1993 for his discovery with Russell Alan Hulse of a "new type of pulsar, a discovery that has opened up new possibilities for the study of gravitation".

Taylor Jr. was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Harvard University.


Frederick Reines

Frederick Reines ( ; March 16, 1918 – August 26, 1998) was an American physicist. He was awarded the 1995 Nobel Prize in Physics for his works on the neutrino with Clyde Cowan in the neutrino experiment.

Clyde Cowan

Clyde Lorrain Cowan Jr (December 6, 1919 – May 24, 1974) was an American physicist. He was the co-discoverer of the neutrino along with Frederick Reines. The discovery was made in 1956 in the neutrino experiment.
Frederick Reines received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 in both their names.

David Lee (physicist)

David Morris Lee (born January 20, 1931) is an American physicist. He shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics with Robert C. Richardson and Douglas Osheroff for their discovery of superfluidity in helium-3. Lee is professor emeritus of physics at Cornell University and distinguished professor of physics at Texas A&M University. Lee was born in Rye, New York.

Robert Coleman Richardson

Robert Coleman Richardson (June 26, 1937 – February 19, 2013) was an American experimental physicist. He was known for his works on sub-millikelvin temperature studies of helium-3. He won the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Douglas Osheroff

Douglas Dean Osheroff (born August 1, 1945) is an American physicist. He is known for his work in experimental condensed matter physics and for his co-discovery of superfluidity in Helium-3. He shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics along with David Lee and Robert C. Richardson.

Claude Cohen-Tannoudji

Claude Cohen-Tannoudji (born 1 April 1933) is a French physicist. He shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Physics with Steven Chu and William Daniel Phillips for research in methods of laser cooling and trapping atoms. He is still an active researcher, working at the École normale supérieure (Paris).

William Daniel Phillips

William Daniel Phillips (born November 5, 1948) is an American physicist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics, in 1997, with Steven Chu and Claude Cohen-Tannoudji.

In 1996, he received the Albert A. Michelson Medal from The Franklin Institute.

Phillips is also a professor of physics, which is part of the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences at University of Maryland, College Park.

Robert B. Laughlin

Robert Betts Laughlin (born November 1, 1950) is an American physicist and Professor of Physics and Applied Physics at Stanford University. Along with Horst L. Störmer and Daniel C. Tsui, he was awarded a share of the 1998 Nobel Prize in physics for their explanation of the fractional quantum Hall effect.

Hijackers in the September 11 attacks

There were 19 hijackers in the September 11 attacks, part of an Islamic terrorism group called Al-Qaeda. The 19 hijackers hijacked four aircraft; American Airlines Flight 11 had five hijackers and crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, United Airlines Flight 175 had five hijackers and crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center, American Airlines Flight 77 had five hijackers and crashed into the Pentagon, and United Airlines Flight 93 had four hijackers and crashed outside of Shanksville, Pennsylvania.

Mohamed Atta was the leader of the hijackers, and helped carry out the attacks. (Pilot-hijackers in bold)

Horst Ludwig Störmer

Horst Ludwig Störmer (born April 6, 1949) is a German physicist. He is a emeritus professor at Columbia University.
He was awarded the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Daniel Tsui and Robert B. Laughlin "for their discovery of a new form of quantum fluid with fractionally charged excitations", also known as the fractional quantum Hall effect.

Daniel C. Tsui

Daniel Chee Tsui (, born February 28, 1939) is a Chinese-born American physicist. He is a professor at Princeton University. Tsui shared the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physics with Robert B. Laughlin and Horst L. Störmer for their discovery of fractional quantum Hall effect. He was born in Henan, China.

John E. Walker

Sir John Ernest Walker (born 7 January 1941) is a British chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1997. Walker is Emeritus Director and Professor at the MRC Mitochondrial Biology Unit in Cambridge, and a Fellow of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.

Bertram Brockhouse

Bertram Neville Brockhouse, (July 15, 1918 – October 13, 2003) was a Canadian physicist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1994, shared with Clifford Shull for the development of neutron scattering and neutron spectroscopy.

Clifford Shull

Clifford Glenwood Shull (September 23, 1915 – March 31, 2001) was an American physicist. He won the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physics with Bertram Brickhouse.

Shull's awards include the Buckley Prize, which he received from the American Physical Society in 1956, and election to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1956) and to the National Academy of Sciences (1975).


John Hasbrouck Van Vleck

John Hasbrouck Van Vleck (March 13, 1899 – October 27, 1980) was an American physicist and mathematician. He was co-awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1977.

Nevill Francis Mott

Sir Nevill Francis Mott (30 September 1905 – 8 August 1996) was a British physicist. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1977 for his work on the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems. He shared it with Philip W. Anderson and J. H. Van Vleck.

Brian Forster

Brian A. Forster (born April 14, 1960) is an American former child actor. He is best known as the second actor to play the role of Chris Partridge in the television series The Partridge Family. He replaced Jeremy Gelbwaks, when Gelbwaks left the series.

Crónicas

Crónicas is a 2004 Ecuadorian Mexican thriller movie directed by Sebastián Cordero and starring John Leguizamo, Damián Alcázar, José María Yazpik, Leonor Watling, Alfred Molina, Camilo Luzuriaga.


Favria

Favria is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Intelligence and Security Committee

The Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament (ISC) is a group in the Parliament of the United Kingdom that is responsible for making sure that what the UK intelligence community does is allowed or okay.

The Committee was created in 1994 by the Intelligence Services Act 1994, and they were given more power by the Justice and Security Act 2013.

The ISC is not like other committees in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, being a statutory committee instead of a more common select committee. It was originally made under the Intelligence Services Act 1994. The committee would later have what it does changed, and what it can do expanded by the Justice and Security Act 2013.

How independent it is has been, in the past, questioned by journalists and interest groups but the ISC says it is independent because it is made of MPs and peers from different parties and runs in a neutral manner. The ISC got stronger power under the Justice and Security Act 2013 which also made it so that the Prime Minister didn't decide who was in the group anymore.

No Exit (1930 movie)

No Exit is a 1930 British romantic comedy movie directed by Charles Saunders and starring John Stuart, Muriel Angelus, Janet Alexander. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Quart, Aosta Valley

Quart is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Boana bandeirantes

Boana bandeirantes is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it higher than 400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.1–29.1 mm long from nose to rear end and one adult female frog was 31.2 mm long. It has a little webbing on its front feet and more on its back feet. The skin of its back has four light brown stripes with darker brown in between. It has some white color on its face and two dark brown stripes from its nose over the eye down to where the legs meet the body.

Senate of Virginia

The Senate of Virginia is a part of the Virginia General Assembly. The general assembly is the legislature for Virginia. The Senate of Virginia is the upper house, while the Virginia House of Delegates is the lower house. The senate has 40 members called senators. The leader of the senate is called the president and is also the lieutenant governor. The current president is Justin Fairfax. There is a second position called the Pro tempore if the president is absent or unavailable.

The senate holds elections every 4 years. The last election was on November 5, 2019 and the next election is on November 7, 2023.

Jacobin pigeon

The Jacobin pigeon is a breed of fancy pigeon that originated in Asia. It is in the Asian feather and voice pigeon show group. This breed is known for its feathered hood over its head. The breed name comes from the feather arrangements on their heads (known as a muff or cowl) that look similar to the hoods that Jacobin monks wore. It is considered as the "“National Pigeon of India”" respectively. 

Virginia House of Delegates

The Virginia House of Delegates is a part of the Virginia General Assembly. The general assembly is the legislature for Virginia. The house is the lower house, while the Senate of Virginia is the upper house. The house has 100 members called delegates. The leader of the house is called the Speaker of the House. The Speaker is internally elected. The current Speaker is Todd Gilbert. The leader of the largest party is called the majority leader. The leader of the smallest party is called the minority leader.

The House of Delegates holds elections every 2 years. The last election was on November 2, 2021, and the next election is on November 7, 2023.

The House of Burgesses was the representative body for the Virginia General Assembly. The House of Burgesses became the House of Delegates in 1776.

2021 Virginia gubernatorial election

The 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election happened on November 2, 2021, to elect the next governor of Virginia. Incumbent Governor Ralph Northam is unable to run, as the Constitution of Virginia does not allow terms to be served in a row.

The Democratic Party chose previous Governor Terry McAuliffe, and the Republican Party chose Glenn Youngkin. Teacher Princess Blanding ran under the new Liberation Party.

In the general election on November 2, Republican Glenn Youngkin won the election over Democrat and former Governor Terry McAuliffe, making him the first Republican to win a statewide election in Virginia since 2009.




A convention is a different way to choose a person for an election. This Republican convention used a method of voting called instant-runoff voting to choose a person for the general election.

The Republican Party of Virginia chose a convention on December 5, 2020 with a vote. The vote was 41 to 28. This decision started debates internally. At first, state senator Amanda Chase was going to run as an independent, but decided to run in the convention.




Pamela Adlon

Pamela Adlon (née Segall; born July 9, 1966) is an American-British actress, screenwriter, producer and director. She is best known for acting as the voice of the character Bobby Hill in the television show "King of the Hill" (1997-2010) and Beau in the Cartoon Network series "Dexter's Laboratory" (1996-2003), and its spin-off installment, "The Beau Montgomery Show" (1999-2003). She won a Primetime Emmy Award. She also voiced Baloo in "Jungle Cubs" (1996-1998), Pajama Sam in the "Pajama Sam" series of video games (1996-2001), Lucky in "" (1997-1998), Ashley Spinelli in "Recess" (1997-2001) and Brigette Murphy in "Milo Murphy's Law" (2016-2019).

Blacula

Blacula is a 1972 American blaxploitation fantasy horror movie directed by William Crain and starring William Marshall, Denise Nicholas, Vonetta McGee, Gordon Pinsent, Thalmus Rasulala, Ketty Lester, The Hues Corporation. It was followed by the sequel "Scream Blacula Scream" in 1973.


United Airlines Flight 328

United Airlines Flight 328 was a scheduled flight from Denver International Airport in Denver, Colorado, to Daniel K. Inouye International Airport in Honolulu, Hawaii. On February 20, 2021, the Boeing 777-222 (registered N772UA) operating the route suffered an engine failure while flying over Broomfield, Colorado. The airplane then returned to Denver International Airport.

The failure to the engine caused a fire in the engine damage to the aircraft's body.

The incident aircraft, N772UA, is a Boeing 777 which flies for United Airlines. It was built in November 1994 and given to United Airlines in September 1995. At first, the aircraft was a part of a test to approve its entry to fly commercially.

As of July 25, 2021, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is looking into the incident. Debris was collected. The NTSB found that two blades on the engine were broken and the damage done to be the same as metal fatigue.

Avianca Flight 203

Avianca Flight 203 was an internal flight from El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia to Alfonso Bonilla Aragón International Airport in Cali, Colombia. On November 27, 1989, the Boeing 727-21 (registered HK-1803) was destroyed by a bomb while flying over Soacha. All 107 passengers and 3 people on the ground were killed. The bombing was ordered by the Medellín drug cartel.

The aircraft was a Boeing 727-21 with registration HK-1803. It was built in 1966 and delivered to Pan Am on May 28, 1966. In 1975, the aircraft was bought from Avianca. The aircraft changed registrations when bought.

Flight 203 took off at 7:13 a.m. Shortly after, while at , a bomb was set off, causing fuel to explode. A second explosion made the front of the aircraft to separate from the back of the aircraft. The debris was spread across the town of Soacha. All 107 passengers and crew and 3 people on the ground were killed. 

An investigation found the cause of the explosion to be plastic explosives. Drug cartel leader, Pablo Escobar, planned the bombing. The reason was to kill Colombian presidential candidate, César Gaviria Trujillo. However, Gaviria did not get on the plane, and became the president of Colombia.

The bombing was shown in Season 1 of the television show, Narcos.

George Abbott

George Francis Abbott (June 25, 1887 – January 31, 1995) was an American theater producer and director, playwright, screenwriter, and movie director and producer. His career lasted from 1913 until 1995. He won six Tony Awards, a Pulitzer Prize and Drama Desk Award. Abbott was born in Forestville, New York. He was known for directing and writing many Broadway plays.

Abbott died on January 31, 1995 in Miami Beach, Florida from a stroke at the age of 107.

Orlando Drummond

Orlando Drummond Cardoso (October 18, 1919 – July 27, 2021) was a Brazilian actor and comedian. He was best known for his works as Seu Peru in the series "Escolinha do Professor Raimundo" and also as the voice of "Scooby-Doo", "Alf", and "Popeye". He was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Drummond died on July 27, 2021 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 101.

West Springfield, Virginia

West Springfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. The population was 22,460 at the 2010 census.

West Springfield is located in Fairfax County at (38.788436, −77.232802). The town borders (touches) the Norfolk Southern Railway to the north, Accotink Creek to the east, Fairfax County Parkway to the south, and Pohick Creek to the west.

At the 2010 census there were 22,460 people, 10,289 houses, and 7,840 families in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 75.31% White, 4.89% African American, 0.28% Native American, 13.91% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 2.55% from other races, and 3.01% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.33%.

According to a 2007 estimate, the average income for each house was $97,203, and the average income for families was $106,667. Males had an average income of $61,953, and females had an average income of $40,380. About 1.7% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 0.5% of those age 65 or over.

Fairfax County Public Schools operates public schools.

Henry Danton

Henry Danton (born Henry David Boileau Down; 30 March 1919 – 10 February 2022) was a British dancer and teacher of classical ballet. He was born in Bedford, England. He worked at Sadler's Wells Ballet. In the UK, Danton performed as a soloist in the International Ballet partnering Mona Inglesby in "Les Sylphides" and "Swan Lake" 1943–44.

Danton died on 10 February 2022 at the age of 102.


Yuriko (dancer)

Yuriko Kikuchi (February 2, 1920 – March 8, 2022), known by her stage name Yuriko, was an American dancer and choreographer. She was best known for her work with the Martha Graham Dance Company. She was born in San Jose, California. She danced in the first production of Graham's masterpiece, "Clytemnestra", as well as in "Appalachian Spring", "Cave of the Heart" and "Dark Meadow". She died on March 8, 2022 in New York City at age of 102.


Herbert Köfer

Herbert Köfer (17 February 1921 – 24 July 2021) was a German actor and television presenter. He was born in Berlin. He starred in the 1963 movie "Naked Among Wolves" as Kluttig. He was also known for appearing in many comedy and crime movies through "Polizeiruf 110".

Köfer turned 100 in February 2021. and died in Berlin on 24 July 2021, aged 100.


Goochland, Virginia

Goochland is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Goochland County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 census was 861. 

Glenn Youngkin

Glenn Allen Youngkin (born December 9, 1966) is an American politician and businessman. He is the 74th and current Governor of Virginia, after winning the 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election. He is a Republican.

Youngkin was born in Richmond, Virginia. When Youngkin was a teenager, the family moved from Richmond to Virginia Beach. He went to Norfolk Academy in Norfolk, Virginia. He graduated in 1985.

Youngkin announced that he would try to get the Republican Party's nomination for governor of Virginia.

Youngkin won the Virginia Republican Party convention on May 10, 2021, beating six other candidates. Youngkin became the Republican nominee. He would face former Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe in the general election.

Youngkin did not meet McAuliffe in a scheduled debate by the Virginia Bar Association (VBA) on July 12, 2021. He has agreed to three debates.

On November 2, Youngkin beat McAuliffe in the election winning 50.6% of the vote against McAuliffe's 48.6%.

Youngkin was sworn in as Governor of Virginia on January 15, 2022. 

After being sworn in, Youngkin signed multiple executive orders. These orders include making it not allowed to teach critical race theory in schools, and removing multiple COVID-19 regulations, such as requiring masks in public schools, and making it required for all state employees to get COVID-19 vaccines.

Youngkin lives in Great Falls, Virginia with his wife Suzanne and their four children. As of September 2021, he had a net worth of $440 million.

2019 Virginia House of Delegates election

The 2019 Virginia House of Delegates elections was held on November 5, 2019. The elections for the Senate of Virginia was also held on the same day. All 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates were up for election.

The Democrats got 6 seats, becoming the largest party in the House of Delegates. The Democrats also became the largest party in the Senate of Virginia. This was the first time the Democrats was the largest party in both houses in Virginia since 1993.

Seats where the margin of victory was under 10%:

Incumbent Republican Terry Kilgore has represented the 1st District since 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Jennifer Carroll Foy has represented the 2nd district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Will Morefield has represented the 3rd district since 2010.

Incumbent Republican Todd Pillion has represented the 4th district since 2014. He is retiring.

Incumbent Republican Israel O'Quinn has represented the 5th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Jeff Campbell has represented the 6th district since 2014 special election.

Incumbent Republican Nick Rush has represented the 7th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Joseph McNamara has represented the 8th district since the 2018 special election.

Incumbent Republican Charles Poindexter has represented the 9th district since 2008.

Incumbent Democrat Wendy Gooditis has represented the 10th district since 2016.

Incumbent Democrat Sam Rasoul has represented the 11th district since 2014.

Incumbent Democrat Chris Hurst has represented the 12th district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Danica Roem has represented the 13th district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Danny Marshall has represented the 14th district since 2002.

Incumbent Republican Todd Gilbert has represented the 15th district since 2006.

Incumbent Republican Les Adams has represented the 16th district since 2014.

Incumbent Republican Chris Head has represented the 17th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Michael Webert has represented the 12th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Terry Austin has represented the 19th district since 2014.

Incumbent Republican Richard Bell has represented the 20th district since 2010. He did not seek reelection, and was succeeded by Republican John Avoli.

Incumbent Democrat Kelly Fowler has represented the 21st district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Kathy Byron has represented the 22nd district since 1998.

Incumbent Republican T. Scott Garrett has represented the 23rd district since 2010. He did not seek reelection, and was succeeded by Republican Wendell Walker.

Incumbent Republican Ronnie R. Campbell has represented the 24th district since a 2019 special election.

Incumbent Republican Steve Landes has represented the 25th district since 1996. He did not seek reelection.

Incumbent Republican Tony Wilt has represented the 26th district since a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Republican Roxann Robinson has represented the 27th district since a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Republican Bob Thomas has represented the 28th district since 2018. He was defeated in the Republican Primary by Paul Milde, who was then defeated in the General election by Democrat Joshua G. Cole.

Incumbent Republican Chris Collins has represented the 29th district since 2016.

Incumbent Republican Nick Freitas has represented the 30th district since 2016. He ran and won as a write in candidate.

Incumbent Democrat Elizabeth Guzmán has represented the 31st district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat David A. Reid has represented the 32nd district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Dave LaRock has represented the 33rd district since 2014.

Incumbent Democrat Kathleen Murphy has represented the 34th district since the 2015 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Keam has represented the 35th district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Kenneth R. Plum has represented the 36th district since 1982.

Incumbent Democrat David Bulova has represented the 37th district since 2006.

Incumbent Democrat Kaye Kory has represented the 38th district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Vivian Watts has represented the 39th district since 1996.

Incumbent Republican and Majority Caucus Chairman Tim Hugo has represented the 40th district since 2003. He was unseated by Democrat Dan Helmer.

Incumbent Democrat and Minority Leader of the Virginia House of Delegates Eileen Filler-Corn has represented the 41st district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Kathy Tran has represented the 42nd district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Sickles has represented the 43rd district since 2004.

Incumbent Democrat Paul Krizek has represented the 44th district since 2016.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Levine has represented the 45th district since 2016.

Incumbent Democrat and Minority Caucus Chair Charniele Herring has represented the 46th district since 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Patrick Hope has represented the 47th district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Rip Sullivan has represented the 48th district since 2014.

Incumbent Democrat and House Minority Whip Alfonso H. Lopez has represented the 49th district since 2012.

Incumbent Democrat Lee J. Carter has represented the 50th district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Hala Ayala has represented the 51st district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Luke Torian has represented the 52nd district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Marcus Simon has represented the 53rd district since 2014.

Incumbent Republican Bobby Orrock has represented the 54th district since 1990.

Incumbent Republican John McGuire has represented the 56th district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat David Toscano has represented the 57th district since 2006. He did not seek reelection.

Incumbent Republican Rob Bell has represented the 58th district since 2002.

Transair Flight 810

Transair Flight 810 was a cargo flight from Honolulu International Airport to Kahului Airport. On July 2, 2021, the Boeing 737-200 (registered N810TA) had mechanical difficulties and crashed shortly after takeoff. Both pilots survived.

On July 2, 2021, at 1:33 a.m. HST, the aircraft took off. At 1:42 a.m., the pilots told air traffic control that they had "lost an engine." At around 1:46 a.m., the pilots reported that the second engine was overheating, and they could not stay at higher altitude.

The plane went down on the water of Māmala Bay about short of Kalaeloa Airport.

John Byner

John Byner (born John Biener; June 28, 1938) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his voice roles on the cartoon series "The Ant and the Aardvark". He is also known for his impressions of Dean Martin and Jackie Mason.


Villeparisis

Villeparisis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. It is in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 26,471 people lived here in 2018.

Ridgecrest, California

Ridgecrest is a city in Kern County, California, United States. The population was 27,959 at the 2020 census.

Corbeil-Essonnes

Corbeil-Essonnes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is also in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 50,954 people lived here in 2018.

Franconville, Val-d'Oise

Franconville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. It is also in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the 
center. 37,010 people lived here in 2018.


Le Tampon

Le Tampon is a commune in the French overseas department of Réunion.

Saint-André, Réunion

Saint-André is a commune in the French overseas department of Réunion.

Gulf of Kutch

The Gulf of Kutch is a large bay in the Arabian Sea, on the west coast of India. It lies in the Indian state of Gujarat. The gulf is about long, and wide. The Gulf of Kutch is important: 41 percent of imports and exports are done through this waterway. 

The area is renowned for extreme daily tides which often cover the lower lying areas – comprising networks of creeks, wetlands and alluvial tidal flats in the interior region. The Gulf of Kutch has several ports including Okha (at the entrance of the gulf), Māndvi, Bedi, and Kandla. Kandla, visible on the northern peninsula in the left of the image, is one of the largest ports in India by volume of cargo handled. 

The gulf is rich in marine biodiversity. Part of the southern coast of the Gulf of Kutch was declared Marine Sanctuary and Marine National Park  in 1980 and 1982 respectively – the first marine conservatory established in India. The park covers an area of around 270 sq km, from Okha in the south (not visible) to Jodiya. There are hundreds of species of coral in the park, as well as algae, sponges and mangroves. 

Maria Full of Grace

Maria Full of Grace (Spanish title: María, llena eres de gracia, lit., "Maria, you are full of grace") is a 2004 Colombian Ecuadorian American drama movie directed by Joshua Marston and starring Catalina Sandino Moreno, Yenny Paola Vega, Guilied López, John Alex Toro, Patricia Rae, Virginia Ariza. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2005.


In the Name of the Girl

In the Name of the Girl () is a 2011 Ecuadorian comedy-drama movie directed by Tania Hermida and starring Eva Mayu Mecham Benavides, Markus Amaru Mecham Benavides, Javier Izquierdo, Tatiana Ugalde, Juana Estrella, Felipe Vega, Pancho Aguirre.

Rhêmes-Notre-Dame

Rhêmes-Notre-Dame is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Rhêmes-Saint-Georges

Rhêmes-Saint-Georges is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Roisan

Roisan is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Wyoming Mail

Wyoming Mail is a 1950 American western movie directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Stephen McNally, Alexis Smith, Howard Da Silva, Ed Begley, Dan Riss, Roy Roberts, Whit Bissell, James Arness, Richard Jaeckel, Richard Egan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Saint Piran

Saint Piran (c. 400's? - 480) is the patron saint of Cornwall. He was a Cornish/Celtic bishop in the 5th century.



Britannic

Britannic means 'of Britain' or 'British', from the Roman name for Great Britain.

Britannic may also refer to:





Muslim saints

This is a list of patron Muslim saints of places by nation, and other regional countries, in the Islamic world.

Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act, 2018

The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act, 2018 is law in Pakistan which was passed by the parliament in 2018 to legally provide equality to transgender people and to make sure they kept their rights. The law aims to legally recognise transgender people in the country. It also allows them to legally have the same rights as cisgender people. The law gives trans peoples official equality, but non substantive equality and although the law has taken a large leap towards the equality of trans peoples in Pakistan, major cultural and infrastructural changes need to occur before this is genuinely the case.

In March 2020, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) addressed the provision of Pakistan after releasing a paper at International Transgender Day of Visibility. The ICJ highlighted features of the provision. Pakistan, according to the "Aljazeera," is the one of the first nations that legally recognised transgender people.


Américo Tomás

Américo de Deus Rodrigues Tomás (; 19 November 1894 – 18 September 1987) was a Portuguese Navy officer and politician who was the authoritarian 13th President of Portugal from 1958 to 1974.

Lake Biwa

Lake Biwa () is the largest lake in Japan that is located in Shiga Prefecture.

Francisco Craveiro Lopes

Francisco Higino Craveiro Lopes (; 12 April 1894 – 2 September 1964) was a Portuguese Air officer and politician. He was the authoritarian 12th President of Portugal from 1951 to 1958.

List of presidents of Portugal

The complete list of presidents of the Portuguese Republic consists of the 20 heads of state in the history of Portugal since the 5 October 1910 revolution.


Francisco da Costa Gomes

Francisco da Costa Gomes, , (; 30 June 1914 – 31 July 2001) was a Portuguese military officer and politician. He was the 15th President of the Portuguese Republic from 1974 until 1976.


Óscar Carmona

António Óscar Fragoso Carmona (; 24 November 1869 – 18 April 1951) was a Portuguese Army officer and politician. He was the 96th Prime Minister of Portugal from 1926 to 1928 and 11th President of Portugal from 1926 until his death in 1951. 

He also was the Minister of War in late 1923 and in 1926, and he also was the Minister of Foreign Affairs two times in 1926.


List of prime ministers of Portugal

The prime minister of the Portuguese Republic () is the head of the country's Government.

COVID-19 pandemic in Belize

The COVID-19 pandemic in Belize is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Belize was confirmed on 23 March 2020.

The country's first case was confirmed on 23 March, a Belizean woman who returned to San Pedro Town from Los Angeles, California. The second case was confirmed on 25 March. They had come into contact with the first case.

The third case in Belize was confirmed on 29 March from a traveler returning from New York City to Belize City.

The fifth case of coronavirus was confirmed in a Belizean student who returned from Florida. Two people died (on 4 April and 10 April).

COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Lucia

The COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Lucia is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Saint Lucia was confirmed on 13 March 2020. As of 26 July 2021, there were 5,529 total confirmed cases, 93 active cases, with 88 deaths and 5,343 recoveries.

Augusto Santos Silva

Augusto Ernesto dos Santos Silva (born 20 August 1956) is a Portuguese sociologist, university professor, and politician. He has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs during the António Costa cabinet since 2015. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

Silva was also the Minister of Education from 2000 until 2001, Minister of Culture from 2001 until 2002, Minister of Parliamentary Affairs from 2005 until 2009 and Minister of National Defence from 2009 until 2011.

Khui Ningomba

Khui Ningomba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He was the successor of Emperor Taothingmang. It was during his reign that the Manipuri traders reached out on horseback to upper Burma and China. He is one of the nine kings associated with the design of a historic flag. Besides the Cheitharol Kumbaba, he is mentioned in the Ningthourol Lambuba.

2021 Virginia House of Delegates election

The 2021 Virginia House of Delegates election for the 162nd Virginia General Assembly were held on November 2, 2021. All 100 Delegates are elected to two-year terms. Primary elections took place on June 8. This election took place at the same time as the elections for the Virginia Governor, lieutenant governor and Attorney General. All of the elections were won by Republicans. The next election for the upper house of the Virginia General Assembly, the Senate of Virginia, will be held on November 7, 2023.

The results were certified on November 15. They showed that Republicans took seven seats from the Democrats. This gave them a majority in the House of Delegates. All races have been called by the Associated Press.

Five incumbents did not seek re-election. They either retired or tried to be elected to other positions.

One Democrat did not seek re-election.

Four Republicans did not seek re-election.

There were two special elections in 2021 to the 161st Virginia General Assembly, both held on January 5.

Incumbent Democrat Joseph C. Lindsey, first elected in a 2014 special election, retired on November 10, 2020.

Incumbent Democrat Jennifer Carroll Foy, first elected in 2017, retired on December 12, 2020 to run for governor.

The Republican Party showed a strong performance in 2021, gaining seven seats over the Democrats. Due to close races in Districts 85 and 91, recounts were requested by Democrats Alex Askew and Martha Mugler, who fell in close second places to their Republican challengers. On December 3, 2021, the recount in District 85 reaffirmed the victory of Republican Karen Greenhalgh, giving the Republican Party a majority in the House of Delegates and ending the Democratic Party's control over the chamber. District 91's recount, which took place on December 7, resulted in victory for Republican candidate A.C. Cordoza, making the final seat count 52 Republicans to 48 Democrats.

Both major parties fielded a record high number of candidates, with Republicans contesting 98 out of the 100 districts, and Democrats contesting 93.

Seats where the margin of victory was under 10%:

Incumbent Republican Terry Kilgore was first elected in 1993.

Incumbent Democrat Candi King was first elected in a 2021 special election.

Incumbent Republican Will Morefield was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Republican Will Wampler was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Israel O'Quinn was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Jeff Campbell was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican Nick Rush was first elected in 2011. He is retiring.

Incumbent Republican Joseph McNamara was first elected in a 2018 special election. Democratic challenger Dustin Wimbish withdrew from the race on October 13, but his candidacy remained on the ballot.

Incumbent Republican Charles Poindexter was first elected in 2007. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat Wendy Gooditis was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Sam Rasoul was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Chris Hurst was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Danica Roem was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Danny Marshall was first elected in 2001.

Incumbent Republican and House Minority Leader Todd Gilbert was first elected in 2005.

Incumbent Republican Les Adams was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican Chris Head was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Michael Webert was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Terry Austin was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican John Avoli was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Kelly Convirs-Fowler was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Kathy Byron was first elected in 1997.

Incumbent Republican Wendell Walker was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Ronnie R. Campbell was first elected in a 2018 special election.

Incumbent Republican Chris Runion was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Tony Wilt was first elected in a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Republican Roxann Robinson was first elected in a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Joshua G. Cole was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Bill Wiley was first elected in a 2020 special election.

Incumbent Republican Nick Freitas was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Democrat Elizabeth Guzmán was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat David A. Reid was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Dave LaRock was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Kathleen Murphy was first elected in a 2015 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Keam was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Kenneth R. Plum was first elected in 1981.

Incumbent Democrat David Bulova was first elected in 2005.

Incumbent Democrat Kaye Kory was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Vivian Watts was first elected in 1995.

Incumbent Democrat Dan Helmer was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat and Speaker of the House Eileen Filler-Corn was first elected in a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Kathy Tran was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Sickles was first elected in 2003.

Incumbent Democrat Paul Krizek was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Levine was first elected in 2015. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat and House Majority Leader Charniele Herring was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Patrick Hope was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Rip Sullivan was first elected in a 2014 special election.

Incumbent Democrat and House Majority Whip Alfonso H. Lopez was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Democrat Lee J. Carter was first elected in 2017. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat Hala Ayala was first elected in 2017. She is retiring to run for lieutenant governor.

Incumbent Democrat Luke Torian was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Marcus Simon was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican Bobby Orrock was first elected in 1989.

Incumbent Republican Buddy Fowler was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican John McGuire was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Sally L. Hudson was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Rob Bell was first elected in 2001.

Incumbent Republican Matt Fariss was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican James E. Edmunds was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Thomas C. Wright was first elected in a 2000 special election.

Incumbent Republican Carrie Coyner was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Lashrecse Aird was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Republican Emily Brewer was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Lee Ware was first elected in a 1998 special election.

Incumbent Republican Kirk Cox was first elected in 1989. He is retiring to run for governor.

Incumbent Democrat Karrie Delaney was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Dawn Adams was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Betsy B. Carr was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Delores McQuinn was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Jeff Bourne was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Schuyler VanValkenburg was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Rodney Willett was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Lamont Bagby was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Democrat Roslyn Tyler was first elected in 2005.

Incumbent Democrat Clinton Jenkins was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Cliff Hayes Jr. was first elected in a 2016 special election.

Incumbent Republican Jay Leftwich was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Steve Heretick was first elected in 2015. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat Don Scott was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Barry Knight was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Republican Jason Miyares was first elected in 2015. He is retiring to run for attorney general.

Incumbent Democrat Nancy Guy was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Glenn Davis was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Alex Askew was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Ibraheem Samirah was first elected in 2019. He lost renomination to Irene Shin, who was elected with 65.4% of the vote.

Incumbent Democrat Suhas Subramanyam was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Mark Cole was first elected in 2001. He is retiring.

Incumbent Democrat Jay Jones was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Angelia Williams Graves was first elected in a 2021 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Martha Mugler was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Jeion Ward was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Michael P. Mullin was first elected in a 2016 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Shelly Simonds was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Marcia Price was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Republican Amanda Batten was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Scott Wyatt was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Keith Hodges was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Margaret Ransone was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Robert Bloxom Jr. was first elected in 2014.


Ornate tree frog

The ornate tree frog ("Boana ornatissima") is a frog that lives in Brazil, the Guianas, and Colombia.

Ningthou Kangbalon

The Ningthou Kangbalon () is an Ancient Meitei language historic text (PuYa), which presents a brief genealogy of the rulers of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) in the pre Christian era. According to the manuscript, King Ningthou Kangba () had nine sons, Koikoi, Teima, Yangma, Tesrot, Urenkhuba, Urenhanba, Irem, Khabi and Langba. Teima became a Meitei. Yangma went to the West of Kangleipak (present day Manipur) and spread over to Mayang (Cachar and beyond). Tesrot went to Takhel (present day Tripura) and became Takhel (Tripuri). Urenkhuba spread over as a people of Ancient Moirang, Irem went to the North and became Pasa. Khabi/Khaba went to the east and became a part of Chinese people. Langba went to the South and spread over his descendants. The name of Manipur was "Tilli Koktong Leikoilel" during the period of Ningthou Kangba.


Nexus 7 (2013)

Nexus 7 (2013), is a small-mini tablet computer produced by Google and Asus. It uses the Android operating system.

Nexus 6

Nexus 6 is a mini mobile phone produced by Google and Motorola Mobility that uses Android operating system.

Nexus 9

The Nexus 9 is a tablet computer produced by Google and HTC that uses Android operating system.

Democratic Party of Virginia

The Democratic Party of Virginia is the affiliate (associated with) of the Democratic Party. The Virginia Democrats are based in Richmond, Virginia.

As of 2022, the Democrats are the largest party in the Senate of Virginia. Federally, Virginia has voted for every Democratic presidential candidate since 2008. The Democrats also hold seven out of the 11 state's U.S. House seats and both of the state's U.S. Senate seats.

Local Democratic Committees assist the Democratic Party by locality, though they can contain several localities.

The Central Committee controls all matters of the Party. The committee can create an annual budget and the method to nominate candidates for statewide offices.

Democrats have controlled both of Virginia's seats in the U.S. Senate since 2008:

Out of Virginia's 11 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, seven are held by Democrats:

As of 2022, Democrats control none of the three elected statewide offices.


In 2019, all three of Virginia's statewide executive office holders, all Democrats, were in various controversies. Governor Ralph Northam's medical school yearbook page had featured a person in blackface and a person in a Ku Klux Klan hood, Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax was accused of having sexually assaulted a professor in 2004, and Attorney General Mark Herring was revealed to have worn blackface at a college party. Parts of the Democratic Party of Virginia told Northam to resign from the governorship, but he did not. The national Democratic Party remained silent, as Northam's and Fairfax's resignation would have meant that Republican Speaker of the House Kirk Cox would have become governor. Ultimately, none of the three accused resigned.

Senneville, Quebec

Senneville () is an rich on-island suburban village on the western tip of the Island of Montreal. It is the wealthiest town in the West Island.

Saint-Christophe, Aosta Valley

Saint-Christophe is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Nueve (Mexican TV network)

Nueve (stylized Nu9ve) is a Mexican free-to-air television network owned by Televisa. The primary station and network namesake is Channel 9 of Mexico City (also known by its call sign XEQ-TDT), though the network has nationwide coverage on Televisa stations and some affiliates. Nueve offers a range of general entertainment programs.

High School of Montreal

The High School of Montreal was an English-language high school founded in 1843. It was in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was less formally known as Montreal High School and from 1853 to 1870 was called the High School of McGill College, or the High School Division.

The school closed in June 1979, because of a decline in the English-speaking population.

Saint-Denis, Aosta Valley

Saint-Denis is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Elaine Taylor (actress)

Elaine Regina Taylor Plummer (born 17 October 1943) is a former English actress, best known as a leading lady in comedy films of the late 1960s and early 1970s. She is the widow of Canadian actor Christopher Plummer.

In 1967 Taylor was a "Bond girl" (with, among others, Jacqueline Bisset, Barbara Bouchet and Alexandra Bastedo) as Peg in "Casino Royale" and played on both stage and screen with Tommy Steele in "Half a Sixpence".

Saint-Marcel, Aosta Valley

Saint-Marcel is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Amanda Plummer

Amanda Michael Plummer (born March 23, 1957) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in "Joe Versus the Volcano" (1990), "The Fisher King" (1991), "Pulp Fiction" (1994), and "" (2013). 

Plummer won a Tony Award in 1982 for her role in "Agnes of God". Her parents were actors Christopher Plummer and Tammy Grimes. 

Saint-Nicolas, Aosta Valley

Saint-Nicolas is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Cyrano (musical)

Cyrano is a musical with a book and lyrics by Anthony Burgess and music by Michael J. Lewis.

It is based on Edmond Rostand's classic 1897 play of the same name. It is about a love triangle involving the large-nosed poetic Cyrano de Bergerac, his beautiful cousin Roxana and handsome friend Christian de Neuvillette.

The cast included Christopher Plummer as Cyrano, Leigh Beery as Roxana, and Mark Lamos as Christian, with Tovah Feldshuh making her Broadway debut in two small supporting roles.


Iago

Iago () is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Othello". Iago is the play's main villain and Othello's standard-bearer. 

He is the husband of Emilia. Iago hates Othello and creates a plan to destroy him by making him believe that his wife is having an affair with his lieutenant, Michael Cassio.

Saint-Oyen, Aosta Valley

Saint-Oyen is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Hamlet at Elsinore

Hamlet at Elsinore is a 1964 television version of the play by William Shakespeare. It was produced by the BBC. The director was Philip Saville. It was the longest version of the play telecast in one evening up to that time, running nearly three hours. A 1947 telecast of the play had split it up into two ninety-minute halves over two weeks.


Barrymore (play)

Barrymore is a two-person play by William Luce. It is about actor John Barrymore taking place a few months before his death in 1942 as he is rehearsing a revival of his 1920 Broadway success as "Richard III".

The play was first made at the Stratford Theater in 1996. It was directed by Gene Saks and Christopher Plummer played Barrymore. He won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play. Plummer played the role again in Érik Canuel's 2011 movie version of the same name.

Triple Crown of Acting

The Triple Crown of Acting is a term used to talk about actors who have won an Academy Award, Emmy Award, and Tony Award in the acting categories. Only 24 people have achieved the triple crown of acting (15 women, 9 men). Helen Hayes was the first person to achieve the triple crown. Thomas Mitchell became the first man to achieve the triple crown. Hayes, Viola Davis, and Rita Moreno are the only triple crown winners in competitive acting categories who have also won a Grammy Award to complete the EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, Tony). Dame Maggie Smith has the most triple crown wins, with 7 awards.

Saint-Pierre, Aosta Valley

Saint-Pierre is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Stage Struck (1958 movie)

Stage Struck is a 1958 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Henry Fonda, Susan Strasberg and Christopher Plummer in his movie debut. 

Wind Across the Everglades

Wind Across the Everglades is a 1958 movie directed by Nicholas Ray.


Newland, North Carolina

Newland is a town in and the county seat of Avery County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 715 people live in Newland.

Georg von Trapp

Georg Ludwig Ritter von Trapp (4 April 1880 – 30 May 1947) was an Austro-Hungarian naval officer. He was the father of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the musical play and movie "The Sound of Music". 

Elaine Luria

Elaine Goodman Luria (born August 15, 1975) is an American politician and Navy veteran. She was the U.S. representative from Virginia's 2nd congressional district from 2019 to 2023.

She defeated Republican incumbent Scott Taylor in 2018. She defeated Taylor in a rematch to win a second term in 2020. In 2022, she lost her re-election bid to Jen Kiggans.

Luria was born on August 15, 1975, in Birmingham, Alabama. Luria graduated from Indian Springs School in 1993. She graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1997.

Luria served as a Navy officer for 20 years as an engineer, where she rose to the rank of commander.


Luria ran for the United States House of Representatives in . In the June 10 Democratic primary, she got 62% of the vote, defeating Karen Mallard, who got 38%.

In the general election, Luria defeated Republican incumbent Scott Taylor with 51% of the vote to Taylor's 49%. She carried six of the district's nine county-level jurisdictions, including all but one of the district's five independent cities. She also carried Taylor's hometown of Virginia Beach.


Luria ran for reelection. She defeated Taylor in a rematch with 51% of the vote. She was likely helped by Joe Biden winning the district in 2020; Biden carried Virginia Beach, the first Democrat to do so since 1964.

Waterloo (1970 movie)

Waterloo () is a 1970 epic war movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk and produced by Dino De Laurentiis. It is about the Battle of Waterloo. 

It stars Rod Steiger as Napoleon Bonaparte and Christopher Plummer as the Duke of Wellington with a cameo by Orson Welles as Louis XVIII of France.

The Exception

The Exception is a 2016 romantic war movie directed by David Leveaux and written by Simon Burke. It is based on Alan Judd's 2003 novel "The Kaiser's Last Kiss". The movie stars Jai Courtney, Lily James, Janet McTeer, and Christopher Plummer.

The Insider (movie)

The Insider is a 1999 American drama movie directed by Michael Mann. It is based from Marie Brenner's 1996 "Vanity Fair" article "The Man Who Knew Too Much". It stars Al Pacino and Russell Crowe, with supporting actors including Christopher Plummer, Bruce McGill, Diane Venora and Michael Gambon.

It is based on the "60 Minutes" segment about Jeffrey Wigand, a whistleblower in the tobacco industry. 

It was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor in a Leading Role (for Russell Crowe).

J.B. (play)

J.B. is a 1958 play written in free verse by American playwright and poet Archibald MacLeish, and is a modern version of the story of biblical figure Job.

The play won the 1959 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.

No Man's Land (play)

No Man's Land is a play by Harold Pinter written in 1974 and first produced and published in 1975. Its original production was at the Old Vic theatre in London by the National Theatre on 23 April 1975.


In the Broadway revival by the directed by , which opened on 27 February 1994. It starred Jason Robards as Hirst, Christopher Plummer (nominated for a ) as Spooner, as Foster, and John Seitz as Briggs.

Inherit the Wind (play)

Inherit the Wind is an American play by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee. It was first shown in 1955. The story is a fictional version of the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" Trial and the McCarthy trials.

The Thorn Birds (miniseries)

The Thorn Birds is an American television miniseries broadcast on ABC from March 27 to 30, 1983. It starred Richard Chamberlain, Rachel Ward, Barbara Stanwyck, Christopher Plummer, Piper Laurie, Jean Simmons, Richard Kiley, Bryan Brown, Mare Winningham and Philip Anglim.


Scott Taylor (politician)

Scott William Taylor (born June 27, 1979) is an American politician and former Navy SEAL. He served as the U.S. representative from Virginia's 2nd congressional district from 2017 to 2019. Taylor was also a state delegate for the 85th house district.

On November 6, 2018, Taylor was defeated for reelection by Democrat and U.S. Navy veteran Elaine Luria. In December 2019, he stated he was going to run again for his old seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. In the November general election, he was defeated by Luria a second time.

Scott William Taylor was born in Baltimore.

After high school, he served in the United States Navy and became a Navy SEAL, first taking part in drug enforcement.

In 2008, Taylor ran for Mayor of Virginia Beach, Virginia. He was a candidate in the 2010 primary election for Virginia's 2nd congressional district, but lost to Scott Rigell. Taylor became a state delegate for the 85th house district in November 2013.

In 2016, after the then current representative, Scott Rigell, announced he would not seek re-election, Taylor won the Republican Party nomination for Virginia's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives, defeating Randy Forbes in the primary, then defeated Democrat Shaun Brown, 61.3% to 38.5%, to win the general election on November 8, 2016. 

In January 2018, former Navy commander Elaine Luria announced her plan to run for Taylor's seat. In the June 10 Democratic primary, Luria received 62% of the vote, defeating Karen Mallard, who received 38%. In the Republican primary, Taylor defeated Mary Jones, 76% to 24%.

On November 6, 2018, Taylor lost to Luria, taking 48.9 percent of the vote to Luria's 51.1 percent.


On July 8, 2019, Taylor announced that he was running for the United States Senate against two-term incumbent Mark Warner in the 2020 election. Taylor decided to not run for the Senate race, instead choosing to run to take back his old House seat. On June 23, 2020, he won the Republican primary, setting up a rematch with Luria.

Luria defeated him and was re-elected with a six-point margin taking 52 percent to Taylor's 46 percent.

Madeline (TV series)

Madeline is a French-Canadian television series produced by France Animation, And Nelvana Limited part of the Madeline media franchise about the character Madeline Fogg. It began as a series of six television specials from 1988 to 1991, and then was continued as "Madeline" and "The New Adventures of Madeline" from 1993 to 2001.

Our Fathers (movie)

Our Fathers is a 2005 American made-for-television drama movie directed by Dan Curtis and starring Ted Danson, Christopher Plummer, Brian Dennehy and Ellen Burstyn. 

Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal

The Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal () was a commemorative medal created in 1977 to mark the twenty-fifth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession to the throne.

125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal

The 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal are memorial medals struck by the Royal Canadian Mint celebrating the 125th aniversary of the Confederation of Canada. The Medal honors Canadians who have made a significant contribution to their fellow people, to their community, or to Canada. 

Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal

The Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal () or the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal was a commemorative medal created in 2002 to mark the fiftieth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession. 

Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal

The Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal or The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal is a commemorative medal created in 2012 to mark the sixtieth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession to the thrones of the Commonwealth realms. 

Transcendental idealism

Transcendental idealism is a part of philosophy. It was founded by German philosopher Immanuel Kant in 18th century. He wrote about it in his most famous work "Critique of Pure Reason" (1781). Transcendental idealism has several meanings. It may be the root cause of all phenomena. It is also about observable objects that are limited during perception by consciousness.

Departure (TV series)

Departure is a 2019 suspense drama television series by Canadian broadcaster Global. The series premiered on Universal TV on 10 July 2019, with Global scheduling the Canadian debut for 8 October 2020. On 11 September 2020, the series was renewed for a second season. It stars Archie Panjabi and Christopher Plummer. 

The series is about the investigation by the fictional Transport Safety and Investigations Bureau into the disappearance of a British passenger plane over the Atlantic Ocean and the reasons behind it.

Christopher Plummer on screen and stage

Christopher Plummer (1929–2021) was a Canadian actor. Plummer won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Mike Mills' movie "Beginners" (2010).

Subtle body

A subtle body is a body that also has a psyche and a soul (not only physical form). One of the subtle body is the astral body. 

This concept is common in Hinduism, Tibetan Buddhism, Kabbalah, Sufism. 

Aura (paranormal) 

The Last Full Measure (2019 movie)

The Last Full Measure is a 2019 American war drama movie written and directed by Todd Robinson. The story is about Pentagon staffer Scott Huffman and many veterans to see the Medal of Honor awarded to William H. Pitsenbarger, who flew in helicopter rescue missions during the Vietnam War. The movie stars Sebastian Stan, Christopher Plummer, William Hurt, Ed Harris, Samuel L. Jackson, Jeremy Irvine, and Peter Fonda.

The movie premiered in October 2019 in Westhampton Beach, New York. It was released in the United States by Roadside Attractions on January 24, 2020.

Kangjeirol

The Kangjeirol () is an Ancient Meitei language text (PuYa) about the art of the game Sagol Kangjei (), which is the foremost form of the present day game Polo. It is the treatise which mentions about the rules and regulations to be instructed and to be followed in the game of Polo. The text mentions that King Ningthou Kangba of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak), invented the game of Polo or Sagol Kangjei ().

Mike Wallace

Myron Leon "Mike" Wallace (born in Brookline, Massachusetts, May 9, 1918 – died in New Haven, Connecticut, April 7, 2012) was an American journalist, actor, game show host and television personality. He presented the CBS television program "60 Minutes".

Al dente

Al dente is a term used when cooking. It comes from Italian, and is used for pasta, rice, and sometimes vegetables. It means that the item (for example the spaghetti) are cooked, so that they are soft, but they are still firm to the bite. Usually, cooking something al dente involves a short cooking time. Commercial pasta often specifies the cooking time (for al dente).

A counter-example may be risotto: When preparing Italian-style risotto, the rice is usually cooked until it is totally soft. 

Eka Tkeshelashvili

Ekaterine "Eka" Tkeshelashvili (; born May 23, 1977) is a Georgian jurist and politician, who had held post of Minister of Justice, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Secretary of the National Security Council, and Deputy Prime Minister and State Minister for Reintegration of Georgia under President Mikheil Saakashvili.


Emakimono

Emakimono (絵巻物) or just emaki is an Japanese horizontal illustrated narration. It was originated in 8th century. Emakimoko used as illustration of religious texts, legends, or even romantic stories. It was generally depicted the customs of Japanese people. The preserved copies are protected as National Treasures of Japan.

Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine

Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine (5 April 1863 - 24 September 1950) was the eldest child of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom and Louis IV, Grand Duke of Hesse. She was the granddaughter of Queen Victoria. She married Prince Louis of Battenberg. Her children were Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, and Princess Alice of Battenberg, Queen Louise of Sweden, and George Mountbatten, 2nd Marquess of Milford Haven, . She was the grandmother of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh grandmother in law of Queen Elizabeth II and great grandmother of King Charles III.

Princess Victoria Marchioness Milford Haven died on 24 September 1950 age 87 . She was buried on 28 September 1950 with her husband Prince Louis of Battenberg at St Mildred Church Whippingham on the Isle of Wight.

Northwest Airlines Flight 5 (1990)

Northwest Airlines Flight 5 was an internal flight from Miami International Airport to Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport. On January 4, 1990, the Boeing 727-251 (registered N280US) had an engine failure in the third engine while flying over Madison, Florida.

The aircraft was a Boeing 727-251 with registration N280US. The aircraft was 14 years old at the time of the incident. The aircraft was operated by Northwest Airlines.

On January 4, 1990, at 8:15 EST, the aircraft took off from Miami. At 9:10 , the pilots heard a loud bang. The pilots did not know that an engine fell off the aircraft. The aircraft flew for 50 minutes before emergency landing at Tampa International Airport.

After looking, it was found that the lavatory seal was missing. This made lavatory fluid freeze, and fall into the third engine. The engine fell off after being damaged. The engine was designed this way.

Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations

The Commonwealth of Nations is a group of 54 countries, most of which used to be apart of the British Empire. It is an international organisation that has Queen Elizabeth II as its head. 

All dates below are provided by the Commonwealth of Nations Secretariat members list, and population figures are as of 1 February 2020.

A. Unless otherwise noted, independence was gained from the United Kingdom on the date (shown in column 2) of joining the Commonwealth.
B. Not a member of the Commonwealth Foundation.
C. Though Pakistan celebrates 14 August 1947 as its independence day, independence was officially granted at midnight, 15 August 1947. Therefore, its date of joining the Commonwealth would be 15 August 1947.
D. Geopolitically part of Europe, but geographically part of Asia.
E. Constitutional monarchy that operates under a Westminster system. The monarch is not the British monarch, making it not a Commonwealth realm.


Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport

Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport is an international airport used for commercial and military use. The airport is located in Minnesota, United States. The airport is the largest in terms of passenger amount in the Upper Midwest region of the United States.

These airlines fly to and from Minneapolis-Saint Paul;


Montevideo–Chippewa County Airport

Montevideo–Chippewa County Airport is an airport in Montevideo, Minnesota, United States.

Red Scorpion

Red Scorpion is a 1988 American South African Namibian action movie directed by Joseph Zito and is the first movie in the "Red Scorpion" series. It stars Dolph Lundgren, M. Emmet Walsh, Al White, T. P. McKenna, Carmen Argenziano.


Lake Kasumigaura

Lake Kasumigaura () is a lake that is located in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. It is the second largest lake in Japan after Lake Biwa.

Saint-Rhémy-en-Bosses

Saint-Rhémy-en-Bosses is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Baudette International Airport

Baudette International Airport is an airport available to the public. The airport is owned by the county of Lake of the Woods in Minnesota. The airport is near a the city of Baudette, Minnesota.

The airport has one asphalt runway numbered 12/30. The airport also has a landing area for seaplanes on the Rainy River.

Soft Metal Music

Soft Metal Music is a genre of music involving metal music that is not quite heavy enough to be considered heavy metal music. One notable song with this genre is "Smells Like Teen Spirit" by Nirvana. This genre includes sub genres such as Nu metal, grunge music, and heavy rock.

Montville, Connecticut

Montville is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Flag of the Faroe Islands

The flag of the Faroe Islands has a blue-fimbriated red Nordic cross on a white field.

Forensic evidence

Forensic evidence is a way of using forensic science to find out who someone is using technology to look at stuff they've touched. It is commonly used at places where crimes have taken place and are being investigated.

One of the most common types of evidence is fingerprints. When someone touches something, they leave their fingerprint on it. Using technology, people can look at the fingerprint on the object that was touched and find out who touched it.

Shinano River

The Shinano River () is the longest river in Japan that flows through Niigata and Nagano prefectures.

Oswald Spengler

Oswald Spengler (29 May 1880 – 8 May 1936) was a German philosopher and schoolteacher. He was mostly active in the areas of the philosophy of history, and cultural history. He also had antidemocratic ideas. He was part of a group of people called Konservative Revolution. His main work, The Decline of the West (original: Der Untergang des Abendlandes), he is against telling the story of humanity as a linear story of advances and successes. Instead, he says that history is cyclic: new cultures arise, they are successful, and they vanish again. He also says that the different cultures are well-defined, and clearly distinguishable. One such culture usually has a "lifetime" of about 1.000 years. Even in the title of his work, he says that the culture of the West (he used the term Abendland, occident, in English), is in decline. 

According to his contemporaries, Spengler correctly predicted some historical developments. He also influenced a few historians, such as Franz Borkenau and Arnold J. Toynbee. 

Spengler also published a number of minor works. As he saw that the Weimar Republic didn't work, he hoped that there would be a dictator thar would be strong enough to master the political challenges, in internal and foreign policy. Spengler talked about an era of wars of annihilation (such as the First World War). Spengler was also against National Socialism. He thought that antisemitism (as propagated by the Nazis) was too simple to be a solution for the problems of the time. He also thought that Benito Mussolini was better at what he did than Adolf Hitler.

Spengler died of a heart attack in his apartment in Munich, on May 8, 1936. 

The Nazis were ambivalent as to Spengler: Some saw him as one of the philosophical forefathers, others though that his ideas were too antiquated to be useful. As a philosopher, Alfred Baeumler was much closer to Nazi ideologies. 

Dongo, Lombardy

Dongo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Tone River

The Tone River () is a large river that runs through the Kanto region of Japan from northwest to southeast. It is the second longest river in Japan after the Shinano River. The river basin area is the largest in Japan.

Barkhamsted, Connecticut

Barkhamsted is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Abdullah el-Faisal

Abdullah el-Faisal (born 10 September 1963) is a Muslim minister who gave his messages in the United Kingdom until he was convicted of supporting hate against different races and asking his followers to murder Jews, Hindus, Christians, and Americans.

El-Faisal was sent to nine years in prison, but only went to it for four years before being forced to go back to Jamaica in 2007. He would then go to Africa, but was forced to leave Botswana in 2009 and later Kenya in January 2010.

Bethany, Connecticut

Bethany is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Bolton, Connecticut

Bolton is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Bozrah, Connecticut

Bozrah is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Vienna International Airport

Vienna International Airport is the international airport of Vienna, Austria, southeast of central Vienna. The airport is the largest in Austria.

On 27 December 1985, Vienna International Airport was one of two airports attacked in the 1985 Rome and Vienna airport attacks.


JP Karliak

John Paul "JP" Karliak (born May 11, 1981) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is known for voicing characters, such as Linus in "The Stinky and Dirty Show" and Wile E. Coyote in "Wabbit/New Looney Tunes". Karliak was born John Paul Karliak on May 11, 1981 in Scranton, Pennsylvania.

Doug Lennox

Doug Joseph Lennox (21 January 1938 – 28 November 2015) was a Canadian actor, writer and radio personality, who was perhaps best known for his book "Now You Know, The Big Book of Answers" and his many appearances in movies such as "X-Men", "Police Academy" and "The Mask".

Stiff Records

Stiff Records is a British independent record label. It was formed in London, England, by Dave Robinson and Jake Riviera (real name Andrew Jakeman). It was first active from 1976 to 1988 and then started again in 1995.

Robinson and Riviera had arranged package tours ‒ such as the 1975 "Naughty Rhythms" tour ‒ for acts they managed before forming Stiff. The first tour, known as the "Live Stiffs Tour" or "5 Live Stiffs" (3 October – 5 November 1977), comprised five bands: Elvis Costello and The Attractions, Ian Dury and the Blockheads, Wreckless Eric and The New Rockets, Nick Lowe's Last Chicken in the Shop, and Larry Wallis's Psychedelic Rowdies. Having signed all the named artists as individuals, bands had to be formed in order to tour: these were largely based on the session musicians used for the artists' solo records. There were 18 musicians on the tour, several doubling up, e.g. Dury playing drums for Wreckless Eric while the last two "bands" had the same line up (Nick Lowe, Larry Wallis, Dave Edmunds, Terry Williams, Pete Thomas and Penny Tobin).

The original idea was that the running order would rotate each night, but Dury and Costello were clearly the strongest acts. Costello played mostly new material and cover versions, rather than numbers from his recently released album "My Aim is True", so the gigs usually ended with most of the artists on stage performing Dury's "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll". A live album entitled "Live Stiffs Live" and a video of the tour were produced, but the tour only covered the UK.

After the departure of Riviera, Robinson arranged a second tour, the "Be Stiff" or the "Be Stiff Route 78" tour, from October 10 to November 19, 1978 (UK), again comprising five acts; Wreckless Eric, Lene Lovich, Jona Lewie, Chris Sievey and Rachel Sweet. The mainland section of the UK tour was undertaken by train and the Irish section by coach, and then continued on to the New York, USA in December 17 to 20. The artists contributed to an EP with cover versions of the Devo song, and early Stiff single, "Be Stiff".

The final tour, the "Son of Stiff Tour 1980", comprised Tenpole Tudor, Any Trouble, Dirty Looks, Joe "King" Carrasco and the Crowns, and The Equators. Undertaken by bus, this European tour was not successful. The tour led to a 12" EP "Son of Stiff Tour 1980" (SON 1) and a short movie directed by Jeff Baynes. The movie has not been released for sale, but was shown on BBC4 in September 2006.

List of geek rock artists

This is a list of artists who are known for producing music in the geek rock genre including its subgenres such as nerd punk and trock.







Mine (disambiguation)

Mine, mines, miners or mining may refer to:














Thomas Müntzer

Thomas Müntzer (c. 1489 – 27 May 1525) was a German preacher of the early Reformation. He became also a leader of the uprising well known as the German Peasant's War.

Theology of Muntzer combines spiritual elements, apocalyptic elements, and social elements. He believed that the Roman Catholic Church, with which he had quarrels, was similar to the Whore of Babylon from the Book of Revelation.

Maricopa, California

Maricopa is a city in Kern County, California in the United States. It lies at an elevation of .

Ishikari River

The Ishikari River () is the third longest river in Japan that flows through Hokkaido.

Phil Jupitus

Phillip Christopher Jupitus (, "né" Swan; born 25 June 1962) is an English stand-up and improv comedian, actor, performance poet, cartoonist and podcaster. Jupitus was a team captain on all but one BBC Two-broadcast episode of music quiz "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" from its inception in 1996 until 2015, and also appears regularly as a guest on several other panel shows, including "QI" and BBC Radio 4's "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue".

Osaka Bay

Osaka Bay is a bay that is located between Osaka and Awaji Island in Japan.

Suruga Bay

Suruga Bay () is a bay located in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.

Iturup

Iturup (, ) is the largest island in the Kuril Islands.

Kunashir Island

Kunashir Island (, ) is an island in the Kuril Islands.

Catharsis

Catharsis is a term in the Greek theatre meaning the purification of emotions through art. This was the effect of the tragedy as the main and earliest genre of the Greek theatre. It was originally used by Aristotle in the Poetics. 

It was also used in psychology. 

Art therapy

Mimesis

Teatro Massimo

The Teatro Massimo Vittorio Emanuele is an opera house and opera company located on the Piazza Verdi in Palermo, Sicily. It was dedicated to King Victor Emanuel II.
It is the biggest in Italy, and one of the largest of Europe (at the time of its opening, it was - with its area of 7730 m² - the third largest opera house in Europe after the Palais Garnier in Paris, and the K. K. Hof-Opernhaus in Vienna). It is famous for its perfect acoustics.

The final scenes of Francis Ford Coppola's film "The Godfather Part III" (1990) were filmed at the theatre, where the uncle of Francis Ford Coppola, the composer and conductor Anton Coppola, is shown conducting the opera, "Cavalleria rusticana".


Rta

In the Vedic religion, Ṛta (/ˈrɪtə/; Sanskrit ऋत "ṛta" "order, rule; truth") is the principle of natural order which regulates and coordinates the operation of the universe and everything within it. In the hymns of the Vedas, "Ṛta" is described as that, which is ultimately responsible for the proper functioning of the natural, moral and sacrificial orders. Conceptually, it is closely allied to the injunctions and ordinances thought to uphold it, collectively referred to as "Dharma", and the action of the individual in relation to those ordinances, referred to as "Karma" – two terms which eventually eclipsed "Ṛta" in importance as signifying natural, religious and moral order in later Hinduism. Sanskrit scholar Maurice Bloomfield referred to "Ṛta" as "one of the most important religious conceptions of the "Rigveda", going on to note that, "from the point of view of the history of religious ideas we may, in fact we must, begin the history of Hindu religion at least with the history of this conception".
its Avestan equivalent "" (Asha "Truth") properly joined, right, true", from a presumed root "*". The derivative noun "ṛta" is defined as "fixed or settled order, rule, divine law or truth".
"Ṛta-" or "arta-" sometimes appears as an element in Vedic and Indic personal names, as with Iranian.

In India the vocalic 'ṛ' of Sanskrit is transformed into the modern 'ri', or in South India, 'ru'. Indian names include:



Polytechnic Institute of Paris

The Polytechnic Institute of Paris (French: "Institut polytechnique de Paris") is an engineering graduate school in France. 

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Institut polytechnique de Paris.

On September 15, 2020, the Institute co-founded with HEC Paris the artificial intelligence research center Hi! PARIS.

Most of the 6900 graduate engineer students at Institut polytechnique de Paris live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at Institut polytechnique de Paris relate to the following topics:


Eleni (movie)

Eleni is the 1985 movie adaptation of the memoir "Eleni" by Greek-American journalist Nicholas Gage. Directed by Peter Yates with a screenplay by Steve Tesich, the movie stars John Malkovich, Kate Nelligan, Linda Hunt and Glenne Headly.

The movie is told in a flashback format with Gage, now living in the United States, returning to his native Greece to solve the mystery of his mother's death when he was a child. The film looks back to the effect of the 1940s Greek Civil War in Lia – the remote Greek village of Gage's childhood in the northwestern Greek region of Epirus; and in particular, the murder of his mother by communist guerrillas of the
Democratic Army of Greece (ΔΣΕ), which was founded by the Communist Party of Greece in order to make Greece a communist country.




Russell Square tube station

Russell Square is a London Underground station facing Russell Square on Bernard Street, Bloomsbury, in the London Borough of Camden. The station is on the Piccadilly line, between Holborn and King's Cross St Pancras on tube maps.

Russell Square Station is very close to the British Museum, the University of London's main building, Great Ormond Street Hospital, Russell Square Gardens and the Brunswick Centre.

The station was designed by Leslie Green and is of the modern style.

On 7 July 2005, in a organised bomb attack, an explosion in a train going between King's Cross St. Pancras and Russell Square caused the deaths of 26 people.

A memorial to the victims, similar to the one at King's Cross St Pancras tube station, is located at the station.

The station was used as the place for the horror movie "Death Line", which had actors like Donald Pleasence, Christopher Lee and Clive Swift in.

Leo De Lyon

Irving Levin (April 27, 1926 - September 18, 2021), known professionally by his stage name Leo De Lyon, was an American actor who was best known for his role as Spook and Brain in the prime time animated series "Top Cat" (1961-1962).

André Roussin

André Roussin (22 January 1911 – 3 November 1987) was a French playwright. He was born in Marseille, France. He was elected to the Académie française in 1973. His plays were made into movies such as "The Little Hut" and "The Ostrich Has Two Eggs". 

Night of the Auk

Night of the Auk is a 1956 Broadway drama in three acts written by Arch Oboler. It is a science fiction drama about space travelers returning to Earth after the first Moon landing. The play was based on Oboler's radio play "Rocket from Manhattan". "Night of the Auk" was published as a book in 1958.

Archibald MacLeish

Archibald MacLeish (May 7, 1892 – April 20, 1982) was an American poet and writer. He worked for "Fortune" from 1929 to 1938. For five years, MacLeish was the ninth Librarian of Congress, nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. From 1949 to 1962, he was a professor at Harvard University. He was awarded three Pulitzer Prizes for his work.


Robinson Jeffers

John Robinson Jeffers (January 10, 1887 – January 20, 1962) was an American poet. He was known for his work about the central California coast. His works were about the environmental movement.



Delta Air Lines Flight 89

Delta Air Lines Flight 89 was a planned flight from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Shanghai Pudong International Airport (PVG). On January 14, 2020, the Boeing 777-232ER (registered N860DA) had engine problems after taking off. While returning to the airport, the plane dumped fuel over homes and schools. This made 56 people injured.

The incident aircraft, N860DA, is a Boeing 777 which flies for Delta Air Lines.

On January 14, 2020, the aircraft took off at 11:32 a.m. After a few minutes, the pilots told air traffic control they had a compressor stall in their right engine. The pilots said they did not need to dump fuel.

While flying over Los Angeles, the plane dumped fuel. Many schools were hit by this fuel, including Park Avenue Elementary School. Students in Park Avenue were covered in jet fuel. 

First responders helped students and staff at schools. At least 56 children and adults had injuries to their skin and lungs.

The aircraft started more flights on January 24. On October 4, it was retired with all Delta Air Line's Boeing 777's.

Medea (play)

Medea (, "Mēdeia") is an ancient Greek tragedy written by Euripides. It is based on the myth of Jason and Medea and first produced in 431 BC. 

It is about Medea, a former princess of the kingdom of Colchis, and the wife of Jason; she finds her role in the Greek world threatened as Jason leaves her for a Greek princess of Corinth. Medea takes revenge on Jason by murdering Jason's new wife as well as her own children, after which she escapes to Athens to start a new life.

The play holds the American Theatre Wing's Tony Award record for most wins for the same female lead character, with Judith Anderson winning in 1948, Zoe Caldwell in 1982, and Diana Rigg in 1994.

American Shakespeare Theatre

The American Shakespeare Theatre was a theater company based in Stratford, Connecticut, United States. It was created in the early 1950s by Lawrence Langner, Lincoln Kirstein, John Percy Burrell, and philanthropist Joseph Verner Reed. 

The American Shakespeare Festival Theatre was opened in 1955. Their first play was "Julius Caesar". The theater building burned to the ground on January 13, 2019.

Royal Shakespeare Theatre

The Royal Shakespeare Theatre (RST) is a theatre owned by the Royal Shakespeare Company. It is located in the town of Stratford-upon-Avon in the English Midlands. The Royal Shakespeare and Swan Theatres re-opened in November 2010 after renovation known as the Transformation Project.

Maurice Gosfield

Maurice Lionel Gosfield (January 28, 1913 - October 19, 1964) was an American stage, movie, radio and television actor. He is best remembered for his portrayal of Private Duane Doberman on the sitcom "The Phil Silvers Show" (1955-1959) and voicing Benny the Ball in "Top Cat" (1961-1962).

Jean Anouilh

Jean Marie Lucien Pierre Anouilh (; 23 June 1910 – 3 October 1987) was a French dramatist. Anouilh is best known for his 1944 play "Antigone".

Becket

Becket or The Honour of God () is a 1959 play written in French by Jean Anouilh. It is about the fight between Thomas Becket and King Henry II of England leading to Becket's assassination in 1170. It is known for having many incorrect historical facts, something which Anoulih said.

The play was first performed in the original French at the Théâtre Montparnasse-Gaston Baty in Paris on 8 October 1959 and in an English version on Broadway in 1960.

Evening Standard Theatre Awards

The "Evening Standard" Theatre Awards, created in 1955, are the oldest theatrical awards ceremony in the United Kingdom. They are presented every year for outstanding achievements in London Theatre. It is organised by the "Evening Standard" newspaper.

The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui

The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui (), known "A parable play", is a 1941 play by the German playwright Bertolt Brecht. It is about the rise of Arturo Ui, a fictional 1930s Chicago mobster, and his attempts to control the cauliflower racket by killing his business enemies. The play is an satirical allegory of the rise of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party.


The Royal Hunt of the Sun

The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1964 play by Peter Shaffer that is about the connection of two worlds entering in a conflict by connecting them to two characters: Atahuallpa Inca and Francisco Pizarro.

"The Royal Hunt of the Sun" was first presented at the Chichester Festival by the National Theatre and subsequently at the Old Vic in July 1964. It was directed by John Dexter and designed by Michael Annals with music composed by Marc Wilkinson and movement by Claude Chagrin.

Jean Giraudoux

Hippolyte Jean Giraudoux (; 29 October 1882 – 31 January 1944) was a French novelist, essayist, diplomat and playwright.


Amphitryon 38

Amphitryon 38 is a play written in 1929 by the French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.

"Amphitryon 38" was translated into English in 1938 by S. N. Behrman in 1964 by Phyllis La Farge and Peter H. Judd and in 1967 by Roger Gellert.

"Amphitryon 38" was first performed on 8 November 1929 in Paris at the Comedie des Champs-Elysees.

Danton's Death

Danton's Death ("Dantons Tod") was the first play written by Georg Büchner, set during the French Revolution.

The play is about the story of Georges Danton, a leader of the French Revolution. Georges Danton created the office of the Revolutionary Tribunal as a strong arm for the Revolutionary Government.


Adrian Mitchell

Adrian Mitchell FRSL (24 October 1932 – 20 December 2008) was an English poet, novelist and playwright. He became known for his works in British Left. He was a leading activist in the anti-Bomb movement.

Long Day's Journey into Night

Long Day's Journey into Night is a tragedy play in four acts written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill in 1941–42, first published in 1956. The play is seen to be his best work and one of the best American plays of the 20th century. 

O'Neill posthumously won the 1957 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for "Long Day's Journey into Night". 

The Good Doctor (play)

The Good Doctor is a comedy with music written by Neil Simon. It is multiple short plays, based on short stories and other works of Russian writer Anton Chekhov.

"The Good Doctor" opened on Broadway at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre on November 27, 1973, and closed on May 25, 1974, after 208 performances and eight previews. It starred René Auberjonois, Barnard Hughes, Marsha Mason, Christopher Plummer, and Frances Sternhagen.

After the Fall (play)

After the Fall is a play by the American dramatist Arthur Miller.

The play premiered on Broadway at the ANTA Washington Square Theatre on January 23, 1964, and closed on May 29, 1964 after 208 performances. It was directed by Elia Kazan and starred Barbara Loden as Maggie and Jason Robards Jr. as Quentin, along with Ralph Meeker as Mickey, Salome Jens as Holga, and Faye Dunaway as Nurse. 

Caesar and Cleopatra (play)

Caesar and Cleopatra is a play written in 1898 by George Bernard Shaw that is a fictionalized relationship between Julius Caesar and Cleopatra. It was first published with "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" and "The Devil's Disciple" in Shaw's 1901 collection "Three Plays for Puritans". 

It was first performed in a single staged reading at Newcastle upon Tyne on 15 March 1899. It was later shown in New York in 1906 and in London at the Savoy Theatre in 1907.


Prospero

Prospero ( ) is a fictional character and the hero of William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Prospero is the rightful Duke of Milan. He has learned sorcery from books.

Anthony Mann

Anthony Mann (born Emil Anton Bundsmann; June 30, 1906 – April 29, 1967) was an American movie director and stage actor. He was known for his work in the "film noir" and Western genres. 

He made several Westerns with James Stewart, such as "Winchester '73" (1950), and he was the director of "El Cid" (1961). He also directed "Cimarron" (1960).

In 1967, Mann died from a heart attack in Berlin while filming the spy thriller "A Dandy in Aspic".

Inside Daisy Clover

Inside Daisy Clover is a 1965 American drama movie based on Gavin Lambert's 1963 novel of the same name, directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Natalie Wood. It follows a tomboy becoming a Hollywood actress and singer.

Eddie Chapman

Edward Arnold Chapman (16 November 1914 – 11 December 1997) was an English criminal and wartime spy. During the Second World War he offered his services to Nazi Germany as a spy and soon became a British double agent. 

His British Secret Service handlers codenamed him "Agent Zigzag".


The Night of the Generals

The Night of the Generals is a 1967 World War II mystery movie directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by Sam Spiegel. It stars Peter O'Toole, Omar Sharif, Tom Courtenay, Donald Pleasence, Joanna Pettet and Philippe Noiret. It was loosely based on the beginning of the novel of the same name by German author Hans Hellmut Kirst. 

Doctor Dolittle (1967 movie)

Doctor Dolittle (also known as Dr. Dolittle) is a 1967 American musical comedy movie directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Rex Harrison, Samantha Eggar, Anthony Newley, and Richard Attenborough. 

It was based on Leslie Bricusse from the novel series by Hugh Lofting.

Oedipus the King (1968 movie)

Nobody Runs Forever

Nobody Runs Forever, also called The High Commissioner, is a 1968 political neo noir spy thriller movie directed by Ralph Thomas. It is based on Jon Cleary's 1966 novel "The High Commissioner". It stars Rod Taylor as Australian policeman Scobie Malone and Christopher Plummer as the Australian High Commissioner.

In August 1966 Cleary said Frank Sinatra was interested in buying the movie rights.

Battle of Britain (movie)

Battle of Britain is a 1969 British Second World War movie directed by Guy Hamilton, and produced by Harry Saltzman and S. Benjamin Fisz. The movie is about the Battle of Britain. 

It stars Laurence Olivier as Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding, Trevor Howard as Air Vice-Marshal Keith Park, and Patrick Wymark as Air Vice-Marshal Trafford Leigh-Mallory, Air Officer commanding No. 12 Group RAF. It also starred Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer and Robert Shaw as Squadron Leaders. 

Jennifer Carroll Foy

Jennifer Denise Carroll Foy (born September 25, 1981) is an American lawyer and politician. She served as the Virginia state delegate for the 2nd house district. She resigned to run for governor of Virginia in the 2021 election She lost in the Democratic primary behind Terry McAuliffe.

Jennifer Carroll Foy was born in Petersburg, Virginia. She graduated from Petersburg High School.

After graduating from the Thomas Jefferson School of Law, Carroll Foy spent time teaching in Los Angeles. She moved to Virginia and opened a private law practice for criminal defense.

In February 2017, Carroll Foy began running for the 2nd district seat in the 2017 election. In November 2017, Carroll Foy became delegate of Virginia's Second district.

In 2020, Carroll Foy became a candidate for the Democratic Party in the 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election. She resigned from her state delegate seat on December 12, 2021. She lost when previous Governor Terry McAuliffe was chosen in the Democratic primary.

Lock Up Your Daughters (1969 movie)

Lock Up Your Daughters! is a 1969 British comedy movie directed by Peter Coe and starring Christopher Plummer, Susannah York and Glynis Johns. It is a version of the 1959 stage musical of the same name set in 18th-century Britain.

The Royal Hunt of the Sun (movie)

The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1969 British-American epic historial drama movie based on the play of the same name by Peter Shaffer. It stars Robert Shaw as Francisco Pizarro and Christopher Plummer as the Inca leader Atahualpa. Plummer appeared in stage versions of the play before appearing in the movie.

It received mixed reviews from critics.

The Silent Partner (1978 movie)

The Silent Partner (French title: "L'argent de la banque") is a 1978 Canadian heist movie and a remake of the 1969 Danish movie "Think of a Number". It is based on a novel by Danish writer Anders Bodelsen. The movie was directed by Daryl Duke and written by Curtis Hanson. It stars Elliott Gould, Christopher Plummer and Susannah York.

It has been called "one of the few truly good movies to come out of the tax-shelter heyday of the 1970s."

Aces High (movie)

Aces High is a 1976 war movie starring Malcolm McDowell, Peter Firth, Christopher Plummer and Simon Ward. The movie is based on the 1928 play "Journey's End" by R. C. Sherriff. It was directed by Jack Gold and written by Howard Barker.


Starcrash

Starcrash is a 1978 American space opera movie directed and co-written by Italian filmmaker Luigi Cozzi, and starring Marjoe Gortner, Caroline Munro, Christopher Plummer, David Hasselhoff and Joe Spinell. It is seen as a "cash-in" and cheap copy of "Star Wars". 

International Velvet (movie)

International Velvet is a 1978 British-American sports drama war movie and a sequel to the 1944 picture "National Velvet" starring Tatum O'Neal, Christopher Plummer, Anthony Hopkins and Nanette Newman. It was directed by Bryan Forbes.

Murder by Decree

Murder by Decree is a 1979 British-Canadian mystery thriller movie directed by Bob Clark. It is about Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson trying to solve the real life 1888 Whitechapel murders committed by "Jack the Ripper". Christopher Plummer plays Holmes and James Mason plays Watson. 

Somewhere in Time (movie)

Somewhere in Time is a 1980 American romantic fantasy drama movie directed by Jeannot Szwarc. It is a movie version of the 1975 novel "Bid Time Return" by Richard Matheson, who also wrote the screenplay. The movie stars Christopher Reeve, Jane Seymour, and Christopher Plummer.

Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 61% positive review; the rating average is 6 out of 10.

Christopher Reeve

Christopher D'Olier Reeve (September 25, 1952 – October 10, 2004) was an American actor, director, and activist. He was best known for playing Superman in the 1978 movie of the same name and its three sequels. He was born in New York City. During his career, he won a BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and a Grammy Award.

Reeve broke his neck when he was thrown from a horse during an equestrian competition in 1995. He became a quadriplegic (paralyzed). He was married to Dana Reeve.

Reeve died on October 10, 2004 in Mount Kisco, New York of cardiac arrest as an allergic reaction to his medicine, aged 52.

Dragnet (1987 movie)

Dragnet is a 1987 American comedy movie, directed and co-written by Tom Mankiewicz. It is based on the radio and television crime drama of the same name. It stars Dan Aykroyd, Tom Hanks, Christopher Plummer, Harry Morgan, Alexandra Paul and Dabney Coleman.

Wolf (1994 movie)

Wolf is a 1994 American romantic horror movie directed by Mike Nichols and starring Jack Nicholson, Michelle Pfeiffer, James Spader, Kate Nelligan, Richard Jenkins, Christopher Plummer, Eileen Atkins, David Hyde Pierce, and Om Puri. It was written by Jim Harrison, Wesley Strick, and Elaine May. The music was composed by Ennio Morricone.

The movie was released in June 1994. It made more than $131 million worldwide.

Taylor Hackford

Taylor Edwin Hackford (born December 31, 1944) is an American movie director. He was president of the Directors Guild of America. He won the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film for "Teenage Father" (1979). He is known for directing "An Officer and a Gentleman" (1982) and "Ray" (2004).

12 Monkeys

12 Monkeys is a 1995 American science fiction movie directed by Terry Gilliam. It stars Bruce Willis, Madeleine Stowe, and Brad Pitt, with Christopher Plummer and David Morse.

Pitt was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and he won a Golden Globe Award for his performance.

Nicholas Nickleby (2002 movie)

Nicholas Nickleby is a 2002 British-American period comedy-drama movie written and directed by Douglas McGrath. The screenplay is based on "The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby" by Charles Dickens. Charlie Hunnam stars as the main character with Nathan Lane, Jim Broadbent, Christopher Plummer, Jamie Bell, Anne Hathaway, Alan Cumming, and Timothy Spall.


Nicholas Nickleby

Nicholas Nickleby or The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (or also The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, Containing a Faithful Account of the Fortunes, Misfortunes, Uprisings, Downfallings, and Complete Career of the Nickleby Family) is a novel by Charles Dickens. It was published as a serial from 1838 to 1839. It was Dickens' third novel. The story is about the life and adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, a young man who must support his mother and sister after his father dies.

Joyce Vincent

Joyce Carol Vincent (19 October 1965 – December 2003) was an English woman whose death in her London bedsit flat went unnoticed for over two years.

Vincent was born in Hammersmith, London. Her parents were from Grenada. Her father was of African background and her mother was of Indian background. She left her job in 2001 for unknown reasons. Shortly after, she moved to a shelter for victims of domestic violence. Around the same time, she cut off nearly all contact with her close family and friends. An investigator of Vincent's case said that she had been in a relationship that had a "history of domestic violence". It has been said that she may have been ashamed of being a domestic violence victim or did not want to be found by her abuser. In February 2003, Vincent moved into a bedsit flat above a shopping centre in Wood Green, north London. It was owned by the Metropolitan Housing Trust and was used for abuse victims.

Vincent had asthma. For two days during November 2003, she was treated for a peptic ulcer at North Middlesex University Hospital. She died in her flat sometime in December 2003 at the age of 38. Her cause of death is unknown. It is thought she died from either an asthma attack or problems caused by her recent peptic ulcer.

Vincent's death went unnoticed for over two years. Neighbours believed the flat to be empty. The strong smell of Vincent's decomposing body were thought to be caused by bins close by. On 25 January 2006, bailiffs forced entry into the flat and found her body. A pathologist said that Vincent was "mostly skeletal" when she was found. Her body was found with a shopping bag and wrapped Christmas presents around her. The television and heating were still running due to debt forgiveness. Her bills were being paid through automatic debit.

A movie about her, "Dreams of a Life" (2011), was directed by Carol Morley. Actress Zawe Ashton played Vincent in the movie.

Steven Wilson's fourth solo studio album, "Hand. Cannot. Erase." (2015), is inspired by Vincent.

Punk rock musician Alex Marshall was inspired to write a song about Vincent's life. His band later decided to change the song's title to "No One Knew" and used the song's original title, Miss Vincent, to name the band instead. The single was released in 2012.

Vampire in Venice

Vampire in Venice (), also known as Prince of the Night and Nosferatu In Venice is a 1988 Italian supernatural horror movie directed by Augusto Caminito and starring Kinski, Christopher Plummer, Donald Pleasence, and Barbara De Rossi. 

The movie is about Professor Paris Catalano, who travels to Venice following the trail of the last known appearance of Nosferatu in 1786.

Stephen Gaghan

Stephen Gaghan (; born May 6, 1965) is an American screenwriter and director. He is known for writing Steven Soderbergh's movie "Traffic". He won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for "Traffic". He also wrote and directed the thriller "Abandon" and the family movie "Dolittle".

Must Love Dogs

Must Love Dogs is a 2005 American romantic comedy movie based on Claire Cook's 2002 novel of the same name. It stars Diane Lane and John Cusack. The movie is about a woman's struggle with divorce and meeting new people afterward. 

It was released on July 29, 2005 to negative reviews.


The New World (2005 movie)

The New World is a 2005 historical romance drama movie written and directed by Terrence Malick. It is about the founding of the Jamestown, Virginia and the historical figures Captain John Smith, Pocahontas of the Powhatan tribe, and Englishman John Rolfe.

It stars Colin Farrell, Q'orianka Kilcher, Christopher Plummer, Christian Bale, August Schellenberg, Wes Studi, David Thewlis and Yorick van Wageningen. 

Inside Man

Inside Man is a 2006 American heist thriller movie directed by Spike Lee and written by Russell Gewirtz. It is about a bank heist on Wall Street. It stars Denzel Washington, Clive Owen, Jodie Foster, Christopher Plummer, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Willem Dafoe.

The Lake House (movie)

The Lake House is a 2006 American fantasy romantic drama movie directed by Alejandro Agresti. It stars Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock with Christopher Plummer. It was written by David Auburn.

It is about an architect living in 2004 from Chicago and a doctor living in 2006 who meet through letters left in a mailbox at the lake house in Wisconsin where they have lived at separate points in time.

Mike Mills (director)

Michael Chadbourne Mills (born March 20, 1966) is an American movie director from Berkeley, California. He is also a writer and graphic designer. He is best known for his independent movies, "Beginners" (2010) and "20th Century Women" (2016).

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2011 movie)

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a 2011 neo-noir psychological thriller movie based on the 2005 novel by Swedish writer Stieg Larsson. It was directed by David Fincher. 

It is about journalist Mikael Blomkvist's investigation to find out what happened to a girl from a wealthy family who disappeared 40 years prior. He hires the help of Lisabeth Salander, a computer hacker.

Boana beckeri

Boana beckeri is a frog that lives in Brazil in Minas Gerais. It lives in at least one protected place: the Parque Estadual Nova Baden.

Humans are more likely to see this frog on rainy days. The male frog climbs onto low plants and sings for the female frogs.

This frog's Latin name comes from scientist Johann Becker.

The Man Who Invented Christmas (movie)

The Man Who Invented Christmas is a 2017 Christmas biographical comedy drama movie directed by Bharat Nalluri and written by Susan Coyne. It is based on the 2008 book of the same name about Charles Dickens by Les Standiford. It stars Dan Stevens, Christopher Plummer, and Jonathan Pryce. It is about Dickens (Stevens) as he creates and writes his 1843 classic "A Christmas Carol".

It was released by Bleecker Street in the United States on 22 November 2017. It received generally positive reviews from critics.

2005 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 2005 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 76th time the midseason baseball game between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL) (the two leagues that contained Major League Baseball) played. The game took place on July 12, 2005 at Comerica Park in Detroit, Michigan, where the Detroit Tigers, one of the teams competing, was located. The game would end with the American League defeating the National League 7–5, and giving an AL team (it would later be decided for it to be the Chicago White Sox) the prize of the ability to play at their home field in the 2005 World Series.

The Detroit Symphony Orchestra played the British national anthem before the game celebrations, as to show that they were also sad about the 7 July 2005 London bombings.

Studio One (American TV series)

Studio One is an American radio anthology drama series that was also adapted to television. It was created in 1947 by Canadian director Fletcher Markle. It aired under several titles: Studio One in Hollywood, Studio One Summer Theatre, Westinghouse Studio One and Westinghouse Summer Theatre.

CBS Radio received a Peabody Award for "Studio One" in 1947.

The Alcoa Hour

The Alcoa Hour is an American anthology television series that was aired live on NBC from 1955 to 1957. The Alcoa Hour was a one-hour live dramatic anthology series presenting both original stories and adaptations of popular works.


Kraft Television Theatre

Kraft Television Theatre is an American anthology drama television series that began May 7, 1947 on NBC, airing at 7:30pm on Wednesday evenings until December of that year. It was a live hour-long series offered television plays with new stories and new characters each wee. The program was broadcast live from Studio 8-H at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, currently the home of "Saturday Night Live".

Omnibus (American TV program)

Omnibus was an American educational variety television series.

The series won more than 65 awards, including eight Emmy Awards (it was nominated for thirteen) and two Peabody Awards. The series is held at the Library of Congress.

A Doll's House (1959 movie)

A Doll's House is a 1959 live telecast based on Henrik Ibsen's 1879 play "A Doll's House" directed by George Schaefer. It was broadcast on 15 November 1959. 


A Doll's House

A Doll's House (also translated from Danish as "A Doll House") is a three-act play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. It premiered at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen, Denmark, on 21 December 1879. The play is set in a Norwegian town circa 1879.


The Philadelphia Story (play)

The Philadelphia Story is a 1939 American comic play by Philip Barry. It is about a socialite whose wedding plans are ruined by the arrival of her ex-husband and an attractive journalist.


Herod Antipas

Herod Antipas (, "Hērǭdēs Antipas"; born before 20 BC – died after 39 AD), was a 1st-century ruler of Galilee and Perea. He had the title of tetrarch ("ruler of a quarter") and is known as both "Herod the Tetrarch" and "King Herod" in the New Testament. He never held the title of king. 

Jesus of Nazareth (TV series)

Jesus of Nazareth () is a 1977 British-Italian epic movie and television drama serial directed by Franco Zeffirelli and co-written by Zeffirelli, Anthony Burgess, and Suso Cecchi d'Amico.

It is about the life of Jesus Christ. It stars Robert Powell as Jesus and Anne Bancroft, Ernest Borgnine, Laurence Olivier, Christopher Plummer, Anthony Quinn, Rod Steiger, James Earl Jones, and Peter Ustinov.

"Jesus of Nazareth" premiered on 27 March 1977, on the Italian channel Rai 1, and was first aired in the United Kingdom, on 3 April 1977, on the ITV Network. 


Robert Powell

Robert Powell (; born 1 June 1944) is an English actor. He is known for playing Jesus Christ in "Jesus of Nazareth" (1977).


Herbert Kappler

Herbert Kappler (23 September 1907 – 9 February 1978) was a key German SS functionary and war criminal during the Nazi era. He was head of German police and security services ("Sicherheitspolizei" and SD) in Rome during the Second World War and was responsible for the Ardeatine massacre.

Stone sheep

The stone sheep is a subspecies of thinhorn sheep. Almost all stone sheep live in British Columbia in Canada.

This sheep is larger than its relative, the Dall sheep. The adult male stone sheep can weigh 180 to 220 lbs (82 to 100 kg). The adult female sheep are smaller. Unlike Dall sheep, stone sheep do not have bright white fur. Instead, they are gray, brown, or black. Lighter stone sheep are sometimes called Fannin sheep. Some scientists think Fannin sheep are a separate subspecies of thinhorn sheep and other scientists do not.

Stone sheep have horns with different shapes, but female stone sheep have thinner horns than male stone sheep. The horns are darker in color than the horns of Dall sheep.

The face, backs of the legs and the rear end usually have white fur on them. The tail is usually black with some black fur on the back.

There are about 12,000 to 15,000 stone sheep in the world. Most of them live in British Columbia in Canada. They like to live on steep mountains. They move around. They go to low meadows to eat plants and then go back to high, rocky places where it is difficult for other animals to catch them.

Thinhorn sheep and snow sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago. After that, the thinhorn sheep moved east and spread out. The Dall sheep and stone sheep became separate subspecies some time after that.

The Scarlet and the Black

The Scarlet and the Black is a 1983 American television war drama movie directed by Jerry London, and starring Gregory Peck and Christopher Plummer. It is based on J. P. Gallagher's book "The Scarlet Pimpernel of the Vatican". It was directed by Jerry London. 

The World of David the Gnome

The World of David the Gnome, originally titled David, el Gnomo (also known as David, the Gnome), is a Spanish animated television series based on the children's book "The Secret Book of Gnomes". Twenty-six episodes were produced. There was also a spin-off series entitled "Wisdom of the Gnomes".

David Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir

David Patrick Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir, (29 May 1900 – 27 January 1967), known as Sir David Maxwell Fyfe from 1942 to 1954 and as Viscount Kilmuir from 1954 to 1962, was a British Conservative politician, lawyer and judge. During his political career, he was the Solicitor General, Attorney General, Home Secretary and Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.


Nuremberg (miniseries)

Nuremberg is a 2000 Canadian-American television docudrama in 2 parts. It is based on the book "Nuremberg: Infamy on Trial" by Joseph E. Persico, that tells the story of the Nuremberg trials.



American Tragedy (movie)

American Tragedy is a 2000 television movie broadcast on CBS from November 12, 2000 to November 15, 2000. It is based on the O. J. Simpson murder case for the 1994 murder of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron Goldman. It was produced by Fox Television Studios. 

It won a Satellite Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award.


Ric Burns

Ric Burns (born 1955) is an American documentary filmmaker and writer. He has written, directed and produced historical documentaries since the 1990s. He was involved in the making of the PBS series "The Civil War" (1990), which he produced with his older brother Ken Burns.



On Golden Pond (play)

On Golden Pond is a 1979 play by Ernest Thompson. The play is about an old couple Ethel and Norman Thayer, who spend each summer at their home on a lake called Golden Pond. During the year the story takes place, they are visited by daughter Chelsea with her fiancé Billy Ray and his son Billy Ray Jr.

In 2001, CBS aired a live television version starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer.

On Golden Pond (2001 movie)

On Golden Pond is a 2001 American live television version of the play of the same name starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. The movie originally aired on CBS on April 29, 2001.


The Gospel of John (2003 movie)

The Gospel of John is a 2003 epic television movie that is about the life of Jesus according to the Gospel of John. 


The Captains (movie)

The Captains is a 2011 documentary movie that is about actor William Shatner through interviews with the other actors who have played starship captains in five other versions of the "Star Trek" franchise. Shatner talks about his life and career before, during, and after his work on "Star Trek". 

The movie has interviews from Scott Bakula, Avery Brooks, Kate Mulgrew, Chris Pine, Patrick Stewart, René Auberjonois, Jonathan Frakes, Christopher Plummer and Nana Visitor.

New shekel

The New Shekel or Israeli Shekel is the official currency (money) of the State of Israel. The shekel is the name of money used in ancient times in the Bible and in places like the Land of Israel.

People usually call the money simply "the shekel." The plural of shekel is "shkalim". Shkalim are divided into 100 "agorot".

The shekel has its own special symbol: ₪. This comes from joining the first two letters of the words in Hebrew for New Shekel (ש"ח). In English, shekel can be written as NIS (standing for 'New Israeli Shekel').

TriStar Pictures

TriStar Pictures, Inc. is an American movie studio and production company. The company is a member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group. TriStar Pictures is a sister studio of the older Sony studio Columbia Pictures. Sony Pictures Television runs a special label called "TriStar Television" for certain productions. 

TriStar Pictures was created in 1982 and founded as Nova Pictures by Victor Kaufman, a high-ranking employee at Columbia. He convinced Columbia, CBS, and HBO to give him money for a new studio, and the first movie made by TriStar was "The Natural" in 1984. After making several successful movies such as the "Rambo" series, TriStar was eventually combined with Columbia, which in turn was bought by Sony. Despite taking a backseat to Columbia in the present day, TriStar still makes movies once in a while either through TriStar Productions or by releasing movies from other Sony departments.

Vincent Cannistraro

Vincent Cannistraro is the former head of the CIA's anti-terrorism center. He worked with the CIA for over 27 years. After leaving, he would become an advisor on terrorism to a few different companies and organizations, such as ABC News and the Holy See.

La plus que lente

La plus que lente, L. 121 (, "The more than slow"), is a waltz for solo piano Claude Debussy wrote in 1910. Just beforehand, he had published Préludes, Book I. The piece was first played at the New Carlton Hotel in Paris. There, it was transcribed for strings. The popular 'gipsy' violinist, Léoni, performed it. Debussy had written it for him, and gave him the manuscript himself.

Debussy arranged the piece for small orchestra (flute, clarinet, piano, cimbalom and strings) which was published in 1912.

The title, "La plus que lente", refers to a slow waltz, the valse lente genre that Debussy tried to copy. It does not refer to the speed of the piece. This piece is a typical example of how Debussy named his pieces. It is also a reaction to the slow waltz, which was very popular in France at the time. Frank Howes noted, ""La plus que lente" is, in Debussy's wryly humorous way, the "valse lente" [slow waltz] to outdo all others."

The work is marked "Molto rubato con morbidezza," indicating Debussy's encouragement of a flexible tempo.

A small statue may have inspired Debussy to write this piece. He kept this statue on his furniture, and called it "La Valse". Other people have pointed out other sources of inspiration: A piece that he had written shortly before, called Ballade, is very similar.

During the same year of its composition, an orchestration of the work was conceived, but Debussy opposed the score's heavy use of percussion and proposed a new one, writing to his publisher:



Burgoberbach

Burgoberbach is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

In the graveyard of the Catholic church of St. Leonhard lies the grave of Flying Officer George Warren, administered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.

Bob Moses (activist)

Robert Parris Moses (January 23, 1935 – July 25, 2021) was an American educator and civil rights activist. He was known for his work as a leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the Civil Rights Movement. He co-founded the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party. Moses was born in Harlem, New York.

Moses died on July 25, 2021 in Hollywood, Florida at the age of 86.

Ivan Toplak

Ivan Toplak (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Toплaк; 21 September 1931 — 26 July 2021) was a Serbian football player and manager. Toplak played for NK Olimpija Ljubljana and Red Star Belgrade. He also represented the Yugoslavia national team. Toplak was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.

Toplak died on 26 July 2021 in Maribor, Slovenia at the age of 89.

Olimpija Ljubljana 

Red Star Belgrade 

Yugoslavia

Hoops &amp; Yoyo

Hoops&Yoyo are greeting card characters from Hallmark Cards. They were created by Mike Adair and Bob Holt on September 11, 2003.

Hallmark released the Hoops & Yoyo "Jingle Jingle Wiggie" CD in December 2005. Hallmark released another Hoops&Yoyo CD called "One Donut a Day!" in July 2007.

In November 2011, Hallmark released a Christmas special called "Hoops&Yoyo Ruin Christmas". In October 2012, Hallmark released a Halloween special called "Hoops&Yoyo Haunted Halloween".

Man of Steel (movie)

Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero movie that is inspired by the DC Comics character Superman. It is directed by Zack Snyder and is the first movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). It was written by Snyder, David S. Goyer and Christopher Nolan. It stars Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Michael Shannon, Kevin Costner, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Antje Traue, Ayelet Zurer, Christopher Meloni and Russell Crowe. 

The movie was filmed in Chicago and Vancouver. 

"Man of Steel" was released in theaters on June 14, 2013, in 2D, 3D, and IMAX. The movie had divisive reviews from critics as some people liked the "darker, more realistic" retelling of Superman's origin story while others, who were used to a more joyful Superman, did not. A follow-up movie titled "" was released on March 25, 2016.


Japanese flying squid

The Japanese flying squid, Japanese common squid or Pacific flying squid, scientific name "Todarodes pacificus", is a squid of the family Ommastrephidae. This animal lives in the northern Pacific Ocean, in the area surrounding Japan, along the entire coast of China up to Russia, then spreading across the Bering Strait east towards the southern coast of Alaska and Canada. They tend to cluster around the central region of Vietnam.

Flying squid have been spotted to covering distances as long as 30m above the surface of the water, presumably to avoid predators or save energy as they migrate across vast expanses of ocean, uniquely utilizing jet-propelled aerial locomotion. However, the behavior is not unique to the species, and is quite common in the Oegopsida order.

Firefly squid

The firefly squid ("Watasenia scintillans"), also commonly known as the sparkling enope squid or hotaru-ika in Japan, is a species of squid in the family Enoploteuthidae. It is the sole species in the monotypic genus Watasenia. These tiny squid are found on the shores of Japan in springtime during spawning season, but spend most of their life in deeper waters between 200 and 400 metres (700 and 1,300 feet; 100 and 200 fathoms). They are bioluminescent organisms and emit blue light from photophores, which some scientists have thought could be used for communication, camouflage, or attracting food, but it is still unclear in the scientific community exactly how this species uses their bioluminescence. The firefly squid is a predator and actively hunts its food, which includes copepods, small fish, and other squids. The lifespan of a firefly squid is about one year. At the end of their lives females return close to shore to release their eggs, and then die shortly thereafter. This mass migration of firefly squid to the shore is amazing business for Japanese fishermen, and during spawning season many go out to the bays to collect the dying squid. Many more also visit Japan during spawning season to see the bright blue light created from the firefly squid's bioluminescence light up the bay, making their spawning season not only a fishing opportunity but also a tourist attraction.

State of Franklin

The State of Franklin (also the Free Republic of Franklin or the State of Frankland) was a part of the United States of America that wanted to become a U.S. state. The proposed state was located in what is now the eastern part of Tennessee.

SANSA Flight 32

SANSA Flight 32 was an airplane flight from Juan Santamaría International Airport to Palmar Sur Airport. On January 15, 1990, the CASA C-212 Aviocar (registered TI-SAB) that was doing the flight crashed into a mountain after takeoff. All 20 passengers and 3 crew members on board died.

The incident aircraft, TI-SAB, was an CASA C-212 Aviocar which flew for Sansa Airlines.

The aircraft took off at 8:25 a.m. CST. Air traffic control had the plane fly to 5500 ft (1676 m). After this, air traffic control had the plane fly to 8500 ft (2600 m). While flying at 7200 ft (2200 m), the plane crashed into a mountain, killing all on board. 

After looking into the accident, the reason for the crash was because the pilots did not follow the flight plan agreed to with air traffic control. The plane did not have a GPWS.

They Might Be Giants discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of They Might Be Giants, an American alternative rock band comprising several artists including John Flansburgh, John Linnell, Marty Beller, Dan Miller, and Danny Weinkauf. The band's first release was the November 4, 1986 eponymously titled "They Might Be Giants", but TMBG did not gain commercial success until their March 1990 single "Birdhouse in Your Soul" from the album "Flood". "Birdhouse in Your Soul" reached #3 on the United States Modern Rock Tracks chart and #6 on the UK Singles Chart and remains their highest-charting single in both countries. Over the next two decades, They Might Be Giants released studio albums on a near-biennial fashion and currently have a total of 22 studio albums along with six live albums, eight compilation albums, 21 extended plays and 11 singles.


Avianca Flight 52

Avianca Flight 52 was a scheduled flight from Bogotá to New York City. On January 25, 1990, the Boeing 707 (registered HK-2016) flying the route crashed after running out of fuel, killing 65 passengers and 8 crew members.

The incident aircraft, HK-2016, was as Boeing 707 which flew for Avianca. The aircraft was made in 1967 and bought by Pan Am. Avianca bought the plane from Pan Am in 1977. The aircraft had flew for a total of 61,000 hours and was 22 years old.

On January 25, 1990, the aircraft took off at 13:10 EST. The flight first flew to a stopover airport in Medellín. More fuel was put into the aircraft, totaling of fuel, though other sources say that there was of fuel. 

The flight took off from Medellín at 15:08. It then entered the United States at 17:28. The airplane circled near Norfolk, Virginia from 19:04 to 19:23. The aircraft was then put into a holding pattern at 20:18. 

Air traffic control told Flight 52 that there was an indefinite hold at JFK, and told Flight 52 that they could go to their other airport, which is used in case a plane cannot reach its destination. The pilots denied this, and stated they did not have enough fuel to reach their other airport. At 20:46, the flight was cleared to go to JFK airport. 

At 21:00, JFK airport was experiencing light drizzle with fog. The landing gear was put out at 21:19. The first officer then told the pilot that the plane was below the glideslope, a way to measure the rate a plane is going down while landing. The plane then went above and below the correct glideslope. The plane experienced a wind shear and the pilots made a missed approach.
After taking a left turn, the captain told the first officer to tell air traffic control they were in an emergency. The first officer told control that "we'll try once again[;] we're running out of fuel," to which the controller replied, "okay." The captain then told the first officer again to "advise him we are [in an] emergency" and asked if he did, and the first officer replied, "Yes sir, I already advised him."

At 21:32, the aircraft lost all power in two out of four engines." The pilot told air traffic control that they had "just ah lost two engines[,] and ... we need priority please." The control tower told the pilot that they were clear for approach and the pilot acknowledged, which was the last time Flight 52 sent a message.

The flight crashed at 21:34. The aircraft hit trees and crashed onto a hill in Cove Neck, New York.

Ezekiel

Ezekiel (in Hebrew: יְחֶזְקֵאל) was a prophet in the Old Testament of the Bible (also known as the Hebrew Bible). He is known for having a vision of God along with 4 creatures (supposedly angels).


Rough Draft Korea

Rough Draft Korea Co, Ltd. is an Korean animation production studio based in Seoul, South Korea. The studio was founded in Seoul, South Korea by Park Kyung-sook on April 20, 1992.

Rough Draft Korea have also produced television series, features, specials, commercials and direct-to-video work for companies such as Warner Bros. Animation, Cartoon Network Studios, 20th Television Animation, Nickelodeon Animation Studio, Film Roman and Disney Television Animation.

Rough Draft Korea has produced animation for the following series, features, specials, short films, music videos and commercials.



Cleavage

Cleavage is the low-cut in women's clothing, partially revealing the women's breasts. It is also used with an erotic purpose. 

In 1805, in geology and mineralogy, cleavage meant "tendency (of rocks or gems) to break cleanly along natural fissures." General meaning "action or state of cleaving or being cleft" is from 1867. 

The sense of "cleft between a woman's breasts in low-cut clothing" is first recorded 1946, defined in a "Time" magazine article.

Tōdai-ji

Tōdai-ji () is a temple of the Huayan in Nara, Japan. It was built in the Nara period. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara. It is famous for a statue named Daibutsu.

Kōtoku-in

The Kōtoku-in () is a temple of the Jōdo-shū in Kamakura, Kanagawa Prefecture in Japan. It is famous for "Daibutsu".

Terrorism in the United Kingdom

Terrorism in the United Kingdom, according to the Home Office, is a big threat to the nation. There have been a few different causes of terrorism in the UK. in the 20th century, most attacks were caused by the Northern Ireland conflict (the Troubles). In the 21st century, most of the attacks were by Middle Eastern terrorist groups, most of which were linked with Islamism and/or the Arab–Israeli conflict.

Since 1970, it is thought that there have been at least 3,395 terrorist-caused deaths in the UK, the highest number of deaths in Western Europe. Most of the deaths took place in Northern Ireland. In Great Britain, there were about 430 terrorist caused deaths from 1971 until 2001. Since 2001, there have been almost 100 terrorist-related deaths in Great Britain, most of which were caused by the 7 July 2005 London bombings in 2005 and the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017.

Jerónimos Monastery

The Jerónimos Monastery () is a Monastery that is located in Lisbon, Portugal. It is registered as a World Cultural Heritage Site.

Belém Tower

The Belém Tower is a tower that is located in Lisbon, Portugal. It is registered as a World Cultural Heritage Site.

Robert Levin

Robert David Levin (born October 13, 1947) is an American classical pianist, musicologist, and composer.

He studied in Harvard University where he got a bachelor degree in arts in 1968 with a thesis entitled The Unfinished Works of W. A. Mozart.

In addition to music history and theory Levin's academic career also includes teaching performance practice with an emphasis on the Classical period. From 1986 to 1993, he worked as professor of piano at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg in Germany. Since 1993 he's been a professor at his alma mater, Harvard University.

Levin completed or reconstructed unfinished compositions by Mozart and J.S.Bach.


Byōdō-in

Byōdō-in () is a Buddhist temple that is located in Uji, Kyoto in Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.

Jason Njoku

Jason Chukwuma Njoku (born 11 December 1980) is a British-Nigerian businessman, the co-founder and CEO of iROKOtv.

Njoku holds bachelors degree in chemistry from the University of Manchester. 

Rinki Sethi

Rinki Sethi is the vice president and Chief Information Security Officer at Twitter Inc since September 2020. 

Capella University

Capella University is an American private for-profit, online university. It is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

Uji

Uji（）is a city in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.

Kinkaku-ji

Kinkaku-ji () or Rokuon-ji () is a Zen Buddhist temple in Kyoto, Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.

Malcolm Bilson

Malcolm Bilson (born October 24, 1935) is an American pianist and musicologist specialising in 18th- and 19th-century music.

Bilson was born in Los Angeles, California. In 1957 He graduated from Bard College and later studied in Berlin and Paris. Now he is the Frederick J. Whiton Professor of Music at Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y. With years Bilson developed a reputation as a fortepiano performer. In 1974 he founded the "Amadé Trio" that was performing on historical instruments. Being retired since 2006, he remained active in teaching and performing. 

Bilson has published several articles on the topic of interpreting late 18th- and early 19th-century works by Schubert, Mozart and Beethoven in Early Music and Studia Musicologica Academiae Scientiarum Hungaricae.


Chicago-style pizza

Chicago-style pizza, or deep dish pizza, is a pizza baked in a very thick pan. The pizza's thickness gives space for lots of cheese and tomato sauce. It was invented in Chicago.

Kiyomizu-dera

Kiyomizu-dera () is a Buddhist temple in eastern Kyoto, Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.

Ronald Brautigam

Ronald Brautigam (born 1954) is a Dutch classical pianist. Brautigam is known for his performances of Beethoven's piano works on the fortepiano.

In 1984 he received the Nederlandse Muziekprijs, and in 2015 his Beethoven recordings got the Edison Award and also the annual German Record Critics' Prize. He currently lives in Amsterdam, Netherlands, with his wife. He has been a professor at the University of Music of the Basel Music Academy since 2011.


Nexus 4

Nexus 4 is an Android smartphone produced by Google and LG Electronics.

Alexei Lubimov

Alexei Lubimov (born 1944 as Алексе́й Бори́сович Люби́мов, Alexey Borisovich Lyubimov) is a Russian pianist.

He performs on such historical instruments as fortepiano and harpsichord. Lubimov studied at the Moscow Conservatory. In the past he gave concerts with the London Philharmonic, City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, Russian National Orchestra in Moscow, and the Tonkünstlerorchester.

Lubimov made several recordings using original historical fortepianos as well as replicas. Among others these recordings include works of Mozart, Beethoven, Chopin and Debussy.


Nexus 5

Nexus 5 is an Android smartphone sold by Google and produced by LG Electronics.

Fugazza

Fugazza con queso, or just Fugazza, is a type of Argentine pizza with a thick crust topped with onions, cheese, and sometimes olives. It's a combination of Naples-style pizza with focaccia bread. It was created in Buenos Aires.

Kristian Bezuidenhout

Kristian Bezuidenhout (born in 1979 in South Africa) is an Australian classical pianist currently living in London.

He was born in King William's Town in Eastern South Africa and moved with his family to Australia in 1988. Bezuidenhout started his musical studies in Australia and completed them at the Eastman School of Music in New York. Being interested in historical performance, he started studying fortepiano with an American professor and a pianist Malcolm Bilson. Bezuidenhout won the first prize in the Bruges Fortepiano Competition being just 21 years old. 

During his career Bezuidenhout has already collaborated with the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra, Concerto Köln, the Collegium Vocale Gent and Les Arts Florissants. He also worked together with such conductors as Trevor Pinnock and John Eliot Gardiner. His wide list of recordings include works of Schumann, Mozart, Haydn and other classical composers.


Girl with a Pearl Earring

The Girl with a Pearl Earring () is an oil painting by Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer, dated 1665. It shows a girl wearing a turban and a pearl earing.

Andy Rubin

Andrew Rubin is an American computer programmer, engineer, entrepreneur. He is the founder and former CEO of venture capital firm Playground Global.

COVID-19 pandemic in Mauritius

The COVID-19 pandemic in Mauritius is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ().

On 18 March 2020, the Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth confirmed that there were three cases of COVID-19 in Mauritius.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Comoros

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the Comoros on 30 April 2020. On 4 May, the first death was announced.

Nexus 10

Nexus 10 is a tablet computer produced by Google and Samsung Electronics. It uses the Android operating system.

Pengsiba

Pengsiba () or Pengshiba () was a ruler of ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He was a successor of Khui Ningomba and the predecessor of Kaokhangba. In the 4th century AD, during the reign of his era, Manipuri traders reached out on horseback to upper Burma and China. He is one of the nine kings who are associated with the design of a historic flag.


LineageOS

LineageOS is a free and open-source software operating system for smartphones, tablets and computers.

Burk, Bavaria

Burk is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

Rojales

Rojales is a municipality of 16,671 people (2020). It is in the province of Alicante in the Valencian Community in Spain.

Duluth International Airport

Duluth International Airport is an airport owned by the city of Duluth, Minnesota. The airport is used for military and commercial reasons. It is the third busiest airport in Minnesota. 

Northwest Airlines began using the airport in 1940. In 1942, the airport stopped doing flights because of World War II.

American Airlines began using the airport in 2019 for flights to O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. However, American Airlines stopped flights into Duluth International in April 2020, saying the airport had little demand. 

These airlines fly to and from Duluth International;


Cessnock, New South Wales

Cessnock is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is about west of Newcastle. In 2016, about 21,725 people lived in Cessnock.

Boana palaestes

Boana palaestes is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists save seen it in two places on the east side of the Andes Mountains.

Amphibian Species of the World

Amphibian Species of the World 6.1: An Online Reference (ASW) is a database of amphibian science. It lists the names of frogs, salamanders and other amphibians, which scientists discovered each species, and what year. It also says where the amphibians live.

The American Museum of Natural History hosts "Amphibian Species of the World".

The Association of Systematics Collections (ASC) started this project in 1978 because the Convention on Trade In Endangered Species of Fauna and Flora (CITES) needed a database for animals. (The ASC later changed its name to Natural Science Collections Alliance.) The ASC's Stephen R. Edwards wrote "Mammal Species of the World" first and started "Amphibian Species of the World" second. Edwards decided to write about living amphibians because Richard G. Zweifel had just written a large list of amphibian names and because experts from the University of Kansas were there to help. Darrel Frost came to help Edwards. Frost planned to write "Turtle and Crocodilian Species of the World" next, but he decided to finish his Ph.D. instead.

In 1985, the ASC gave the copyright for "Amphibian Species of the World" to the Herpetologists' League, and they added more amphibians to it. The League and American Museum of Natural History put D.R. Frost in charge of the project. At the time, Frost was a curator at the American Museum of Natural History. Frost added more information for professional amphibian scientists to use. He corrected bad information. He added more species that had been discovered after 1985.

According to Amphibians.org, "For three decades ASW has been the primary reference for amphibian taxonomy." In 2013, Frost won the Sabin Award for his work on "Amphibian Species of the World".



Australian brushturkey

The Australian brushturkey ("Alectura lathami") is a type of bird. It is one of the megapodes.

Tino Fariña

Tino Fariña (Güímar, 1951 – Güímar, June 19, 1994) was a Spanish surrealist painter.

Tino Fariña was a self-taught painter. After finishing his pre-university studies, he moved to Madrid, where he lived for two years and attended the Escuela de Artes Aplicadas y Oficios Artísticos. In 1973 he went to London, where he worked and developed as an artist. Before returning to the Canary Islands, he worked for two years as a painter in Palma de Mallorca. In 1980 he returned to the island of Tenerife and began studying to become a teacher at the ULL.

In 1990 he exhibited for the first time his work entitled "La fijación del olvido", at the IX Festival Internacional de Cine Ecológico y de Naturaleza de Canarias (I Premio de Pintura Luis de la Cruz y Ríos), in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife.

The collective exhibition "De todo corazón", held in Santa Cruz de Tenerife in 1994, was the last time the artist's work was exhibited to the public.

Tino Fariña died on June 19, 1994, at the age of 43, in Güímar, his hometown.

in 2008 the Mayor's Office of the Municipality of Güímar called for a competition and named a public space dedicated to the artist: Calle Pintor Tino Fariña.

The street Pintor Tino Fariña is located in 38508 Puertito de Güímar, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain. It is located between Avenida Olof Palme and Avenida Ingeniero Manuel Gonzales. It borders with Calle Pintora Isabel Pérez, Calle Lepanto and Calle Hernán Cortés. Nearby is the Virgen del Carmen bakery, parking for the disabled, Spar Puertito Güímar and Club de Padel las Palmeras.




List of national dishes

A National cuisine is a cuisine or a dish that is chosen by a country as a symbol or a delicacy for that country.

Mariano Comense

Mariano Comense is an Italian city in Lombardy. It has about 23,600 inhabitants.

Blevio

Blevio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cucciago

Cucciago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Torno, Lombardy

Torno is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Tavernerio

Tavernerio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lipomo

Lipomo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Luisago

Luisago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Fino Mornasco

Fino Mornasco is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Fino Mornasco is considered the third best

"comune" in all of the Province.

Grandate

Grandate is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Senna Comasco

Senna Comasco is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Splitgate

Splitgate is a free to play video game for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 and PC. Splitgate's gameplay is built around the ideas of arena shooters like Halo, with added portal mechanincs, similar to those added by Portal. Developed by a small game studio, 1047 Games it first saw a huge success when it became cross-platform across PC and console in July 2021, after 2 years of open beta.

List of national drinks

A National drink is a distinct beverage that is strongly associated with a particular country, and can be part of their national identity and self-image.

Maslianico

Maslianico is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Moltrasio

Moltrasio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Schignano

Schignano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Capiago Intimiano

Capiago Intimiano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Montorfano

Montorfano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

San Fermo della Battaglia

San Fermo della Battaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 1 January 2017, Cavallasca was merged to form the municipality of San Fermo della Battaglia.

Edgware Road tube station (Circle, District and Hammersmith &amp; City lines)

Edgware Road is a London Underground station. It is on the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines. The station is by the edge of Chapel Street and Cabbell Street.

There have been suggestions in the past to make a new name for one of the Edgware Road stations to stop there being confusion.

This station was part of the world's first below ground railway when it was started as part of the Metropolitan Railway between and . It was opened on 10 January 1863.

The station was where one of the bombings in 7 July 2005 London bombings happened. Mohammad Sidique Khan exploded a bomb at about 8:50am, on a train that was leaving the station. 6 people died in the bombing.

Cavallasca

Cavallasca was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 1 January 2017, it was merged to form the municipality of San Fermo della Battaglia.

Montano Lucino

Montano Lucino is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Villa Guardia

Villa Guardia is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lurate Caccivio

Lurate Caccivio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Arosio, Lombardy

Arosio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Arosio

Arosio is the name of two places in Europe:

Colmberg

Colmberg (; East Franconian: "Colmberch") is a municipality in Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany. Colmberg is the site of Colmberg Castle (), built in the 13th century and purchased in 1318 by Duke Frederick IV of Nuremberg. The town is located in Nature Park Frankenhöhe.





Vaccinium angustifolium

Vaccinium angustifolium, commonly known as the wild lowbush blueberry, is a blueberry species. It is native to eastern Canada and the northeastern United States. It has a sweet and intense flavor.

National colours

National colours are frequently part of a country's set of national symbols.

Many states and nations have formally adopted a set of colours as their official "national colours"

National colours often appear on a variety of different media, from the nation's flag to the colours used in sports.


Hazlehurst, Mississippi

Hazlehurst is the county seat of Copiah County, Mississippi, United States.

Vaccinium myrtilloides

The common blueberry (Vaccinium myrtilloides) is a blueberry species. It is native to Canada and the northern United States. Its flowers bloom in May to June.

Crystal Springs, Mississippi

Crystal Springs is a city in Copiah County, Mississippi, United States.

Quitman, Mississippi

Quitman is the county seat of Clarke County, Mississippi, United States.

Allen Jenkins

Allen Curtis Jenkins (born Alfred McGonegal; April 9, 1900 – July 20, 1974) was an American character actor and singer who worked on stage, film, and television. Jenkins was born in Staten Island, New York on April 9, 1900. He studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. In his first stage appearance, he danced next to James Cagney in a chorus line for an off-Broadway musical called Pitter-Patter, earning five dollars a week.

Hernando, Mississippi

Hernando is the county seat of DeSoto County, Mississippi, United States.

Horn Lake, Mississippi

Horn Lake is a city in DeSoto County, Mississippi, United States. It is a suburb of Memphis.

Olive Branch, Mississippi

Olive Branch is a city in DeSoto County, Mississippi, United States. it is a suburb of Memphis.

Fanny by Gaslight (movie)

Fanny by Gaslight also known as Man of Evil is a 1944 British drama movie directed by Anthony Asquith and was based on the 1940 novel of the same name by Michael Sadleir. It stars Phyllis Calvert, James Mason, Wilfrid Lawson, Stewart Granger, Jean Kent, Margaretta Scott, Nora Swinburne, Stuart Lindsell.

Meadville, Mississippi

Meadville is the county seat of Franklin County, Mississippi, United States.

Leakesville, Mississippi

Leakesville is the county seat of Greene County, Mississippi, United States.

McLain, Mississippi

McLain is a city in Greene County, Mississippi, United States.

Lexington, Mississippi

Lexington is the county seat of Holmes County, Mississippi, United States.

Durant, Mississippi

Durant is a city in Holmes County, Mississippi, United States.

Moss Point, Mississippi

Moss Point is a city in Jackson County, Mississippi, United States.

Bay Springs, Mississippi

Bay Springs is the western county seat of Jasper County, Mississippi, United States.

Paulding, Mississippi

Paulding is the eastern county seat of Jasper County, Mississippi, United States.

False Colors

False Colors is a 1943 American western movie directed by George Archainbaud and starring William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jimmy Rogers, Douglass Dumbrille, Claudia Drake, Robert Mitchum, Glenn Strange. It was distributed by United Artists.

Prentiss, Mississippi

Prentiss is the county seat of Jefferson Davis County, Mississippi, United States.

De Kalb, Mississippi

De Kalb is the county seat of Kemper County, Mississippi, United States.

Indian Airlines Flight 605

Indian Airlines Flight 605 was a scheduled internal flight from Mumbai to Bengaluru. On 14 February 1990, the Airbus A320-231 (registered VT-EPN) flying the route crashed while trying to land, killing 92 of the 146 people.

Flight 605 took off from Bombay Airport at 11:58 a.m. IST. The flight had 139 passengers and 7 crew members, including 4 infants.

While trying to land, Flight 605 went below the glideslope, a way to measure the rate a plane is going down while landing. The flight touched down on a golf club and bounced up and back down. The aircraft then went over a 12-ft wall, making the engines and landing gear come off. Then the plane flew over a road and crashed in a grassy area.

Virginia's 41st House of Delegates district

Virginia's 41st House of Delegates district is one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the Virginia General Assembly. Current Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates, Eileen Filler-Corn, is representing the district.

Transverse myelitis

Transverse myelitis (TM) is a rare neurological condition in which the spinal cord is inflamed. "Transverse" talks about when the inflammation is beyond the spinal cord. The underlying cause of TM is unknown. It can cause damage to nerve fibers, by loss of myelin.

Frank McRae

Frank McRae (March 18, 1941 – April 29, 2021) was an American actor and a professional football player. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee. His career lasted from 1972 until 2006. He was a defensive tackle for the Chicago Bears in the 1967 NFL season appearing in 6 games. His best known roles were as James Bond's friend Sharkey in "Licence to Kill" (1989) and Harry Noble in "Batteries Not Included" (1987).

McRae died from a heart attack on April 29, 2021 in Santa Monica, California at the 80.

2021–2022 Tunisian political crisis

The 2021 Tunisian political crisis is an ongoing political crisis in Tunisia between the President and the Assembly of the Representatives of the People, led by the Ennahda Movement. 

The crisis began on 25 July 2021, after President Kais Saied fired Prime Minister Hichem Mechichi and stopped the activities of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People. 

The decisions of the president were made in response to a series of protests against the Ennahda Movement and increase in COVID-19 cases in Tunisia. 

On 26 July 2021, Saied fired Minister of Defence Ibrahim Bartaji and acting Minister of Justice Hasna Ben Slimane. Saied announced a 1-month curfew from 26 July to 27 August 2021.

On 29 September 2021, President Saied named Najla Bouden Romdhane as prime minister. She is the first female prime minister in Tunisia and the Arab world. On 3 October, about 2 million Tunisians showed in support of the president's decisions.

In a referendum in July 2022, voters in Tunisia approved a new constitution which would expand the powers given to the president by making the country into a presidential system.

Rached Ghannouchi

Rached Ghannouchi ( '; born 22 June 1941), also spelled Rachid al-Ghannouchi or Rached el-Ghannouchi, is a Tunisian politician. He is the co-founder of the Ennahdha Party.

Ghannouchi was named one of "Time"'s 100 Most Influential People in the World in 2012. 

On 13 November 2019, Ghannouchi was elected Speaker of the House. Ghannouchi narrowly survived a vote of no confidence after 97 MPs voted against him on 30 July 2020.

Speaker of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People

The Speaker of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People of Tunisia is the presiding officer of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People, the unicameral legislature of Tunisia. 

Mustapha Ben Jafar

Mustapha Ben Jafar () (born 8 December 1940) is a Tunisian politician and physician. He was Speaker of the Constituent Assembly of Tunisia from November 2011 to December 2014. He founded and has led the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties (FDTL).

Datschiburger Kickers

The Datschiburger Kickers are a charity association football team from Augsburg with a changing line-up. The team featured well-known athletes, local Augsburg celebrities and show stars. The team was founded in 1965 by Max Gutmann, an Augsburg entrepreneur and promoter of sports and science, and sports journalist Horst Eckert. The impetus came from a charity match between FC Schmiere and Augsburg's celebrity team on July 17, 1965, which 30,000 people came to watch at Rosenaustadion.

The Datschiburger Kickers are still active today. More than 300 games have been played since 1965 and over 1.5 million Euros have been raised for social causes. Since the club was founded in 1965, the Kickers remained undefeated for almost 45 years. On July 23, 2010, the Datschiburg Kickers' winning streak ended in a match against the Sport Press team, which they lost 4–3. The team's name is derived from a nickname for Augsburg citizens, the Datschiburgers. This in turn is based on the Zwetschgendatschi, a yeast cake invented in Augsburg.

In the 1960s and 1970s, the Datschiburger Kickers played in Augsburg's Rosenaustadion in front of up to 20,000 spectators. The most famous team members were athletes such as Helmut Schön, Günter Netzer, Sepp Herberger, Helmut Haller, Uwe Seeler, Franz Beckenbauer, Gerd Müller, Fritz Walter, Uli Biesinger and Max Schmeling. However, celebrities such as Gunter Sachs, Gert Fröbe and Uschi Glas also competed.

All references are in German.


Kathy Hilton

Kathleen Elizabeth Hilton (née Avanzino; born March 13, 1959) is an American former actress, businesswoman, and television personality. She is known for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Kathleen Elizabeth Avanzino was born in New York City on March 13, 1959, as the only child of painter and decorator Laurence Kenneth "Larry" Avanzino and casting director Kathleen Avanzino. Her father's family comes from Italian ancestry while her mother's family comes from Ireland. Her parents divorced in 1963, her mother married businessman and retired lieutenant colonel Ken Richards and had Hilton's two maternal half-sisters; Kim Richards and Kyle Richards, both of whom are actresses. She also has five paternal younger half-siblings. Hilton's father died on February 18, 1997. He was 61.

Hilton graduated from Montclair College Preparatory School in Los Angeles, where she became best friends with Michael Jackson. The two remained close friends until his death in 2009.

Hilton began working as a child actress in 1968. She made her debut as an actress in April 1970, with the role of Melodie during an episode of the ABC sitcom "Nanny and the Professor". She retired from acting in 1979.

Hilton hosted the NBC reality television series "I Want to Be a Hilton". The series ran for eight episodes during the summer of 2005. The series was later cancelled.

Hilton appeared as an official "friend of the housewives" during seasons 11 and 12 of the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". She previously appeared in a guest capacity during seasons 1, 3, 4, 5, 9, and 10.

Hilton made a guest appearance during an episode of the Netflix reality cooking show "Cooking with Paris" in August 2021. Hilton appeared on the Peacock reality television series "Paris In Love" in November 2021.

Hilton operated her own gift and antiques store The Staircase on Sunset Plaza in Los Angeles during the 1980s and early 1990s.

Hilton debuted with 2002 merchandise sales on cable TV's QVC home shopping network. She began selling her signature skincare line on HSN. She launched a perfume, "My Secret", in 2008.

Hilton has designed the Kathy Hilton Collection of party dresses, sold in four hundred stores worldwide, including Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue and Nordstrom.

Hilton and her daughters modeled the new Valentino 2021 resort collection in a photo series for "Vogue", in December 2020.

Hilton resides in Bel Air, Los Angeles.

Hilton met Richard Hilton, a member of the Hilton family, at the age of 15. The couple wed on November 24, 1979, when he was 24 and she was 20 years old. They have four children together; Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. She has seven grandchildren; three through Nicky, two through Barron, and two through Paris.

Mauricio Umansky is her brother-in-law through his marriage to Kyle; her nieces are Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. Her nieces and nephew through her sister Kim are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson.

Barron Hilton was her father-in-law. James Rothschild, a member of the Rothschild family - the only son of Amschel Rothschild and a grandson of Victor Rothschild, 3rd Baron Rothschild - is her son-in-law through his marriage to Nicky. Tessa von Walderdorff - a member of the Walderdorff family - is her daughter-in-law through her marriage to Barron. 

Source: 

Kaokhangba

Meidingu Kaokhangba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the successor of Pengsiba and the predecessor of Naokhamba. In Ancient Meitei language, "Kao" means a wild bull and "Khangpa" means to prevent or to catch. 

He is one of the nine kings associated with the design of a historic flag. He is mentioned in the Cheitharol Kumbaba and the Ningthourol Lambuba.

Marty Makary

Martin Adel "Marty" Makary is an American surgeon, author and professor. He practices surgical oncology and gastrointestinal laparoscopic surgery at the Johns Hopkins Hospital.

Makary holds a bachelor's degree in medicine and bachelor surgery from Bucknell University, MD from Thomas Jefferson University and MPH from Harvard University.


Saulos Chilima

Saulos Klaus Chilima (born 12 February 1973 in Ntcheu) is a Malawian economist, politician and was the vice president of the Republic of Malawi.

Chilima went on to the University of Malawi, Chancellor College, where he obtained degree in social sciences, a master's degree in Knowledge Management, and received his Ph.D. in Knowledge Management from the University of Bolton in the United Kingdom.

Chilima is married to Mary (née Chibambo) and they have two children.

Naokhamba

Meidingu Naokhamba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the successor of Kaokhangba and the predecessor of Naophangba. During his reign, Manipuri traders reached out on horseback to upper Burma and China. Besides the Cheitharol Kumbaba and the Ningthourol Lambuba, he is also mentioned in the Chengleiron.
Naokhamba abducted the wife of King Thangyi Khongjromba of the Chenglei tribe when she was heavily pregnant. Later, she had a son named "Naophang Ahanba". During his reign, Chingjen Naran Panggalba, the king of the Chengleis left Kangleipak for westward lands.


A House Divided (board game)

A House Divided is a logical level wargame placed in the American Civil War for two players, featuring point-to-point movement.

It was designed by Frank Chadwick. It was published in 1981 by Game Designers Workshop (GDW).

Games reviews said the new game was notable.

Chengleiron

The Chengleiron () or the Chengleirol () is an Ancient Meitei language historic text (PuYa) about the genealogy of the rulers of the Chenglei dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). It gives the detailed information on the events that took place in the principality dominated by the Chengleis. It mentions that Chingjen Naran Pangganba, the son of Thangyi Khongjomba, the king of the Chengleis, left Kangleipak for the westward lands.

Ligurian Wikipedia

The Ligurian Wikipedia is the Ligurian language edition of the Wikipedia online encyclopedia. Ligurian is a Romance language of the Gallo-Romance branch spoken in the Liguria region of Italy. It was started in 2008. It has more than 10,600 articles as of July 2021. It is the 152th largest Wikipedia as of July 2021.


List of national slogans

This is a list of national slogans used by organized opposing' teams, or by its nationalist citizens who are attempting to organize fellow patriotism respectively.


Ligurian language

Ligurian or Genoese ( or ) is a Romance language of the Gallo-Romance branch spoken in the Liguria region in northwestern Italy and in two communes in the Italian island of Sardinia as well as in parts of Alpes-Maritimes and Corsica in southeastern France, and in Monaco.

Ligurian belongs to the Gallo-Italic languages group within the Gallo-Romance branch and therefore differs significantly from standard Italian, which is spoken south of the La Spezia-Rimini language border; the same applies to the other northern Italian languages. They include Piedmontese, Lombard, Emilian and Romagnol.

Ligurian has many dialects, the most widespread of which is Genoese, spoken in Genoa. Another dialect of Ligurian, is Monegasque, which is spoken as a first language by the people of Monaco.

The Ligurian language, like many minority languages, is an endangered language which is disappearing more and more in recent years and may be threatened with extinction. 

Only around 500,000 out of the 2,000,000 Ligurians, speak Ligurian, who are mostly older people. Because the Ligurian language is rarely passed on to the younger generations, fewer younger people speak it. That is why like the other minority languages, it is slowly being replaced by standard Italian or standard French.

Ligurian does not enjoy an official status in Italy. Hence, it is not protected by law.

Ligurian also does not enjoy an official status in France.

In Monaco, where it is known as Monegasque, it is not an official language, but it enjoys an official status and is taught in schools, where it is compulsory.

Dialects of the Ligurian language are:

The sign means that this dialect is extinct, meaning it has no speakers.



Jean-François Stévenin

Jean-François Stévenin (; 23 April 1944 – 27 July 2021) was a French actor and filmmaker. He was born in Lons-le-Saunier, France. His career began in 1968. He was known for her roles in "The Dogs of War", "Cold Moon" and "Sushi Sushi".

Stévenin died on 27 July 2021 at a hospital in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France at the age of 77.

Satsuki Eda

Eda died in Okayama on 28 July 2021 from pneumonia, aged 80.


Dean Winters

Dean Gerard Winters (born July 20, 1964) is an American character actor. He is known for his role as Ryan O'Reily on the HBO prison drama "Oz" and had roles in TV series" Rescue Me", "30 Rock", "Sex and the City" and "". He also plays Mayhem in a series of Allstate commercials. 

Winters was born in New York City. He was raised in Long Island, New York. He studied at Brophy College Preparatory and Colorado College.

Storey

A storey (British English), story (American English) or floor level is any level part of a building with a floor that could be used by people for work, play, a place to live, etc. The word is known as "storeys" in the United Kingdom and "stories" in the United States.

Both British and American English have different floor numbering systems. In British English, the level above the ground floor is the "first floor", whereas in American English, it is the " second floor". 

Basements may be considered storeys, especially if they're partly above ground, as in a walkout basement. In which cases, it's typically called the "lower floor", " lower ground floor ", " terrace level ", etc. In some buildings, the top storey is a finished attic or garret.

Storeys can be used to classify buildings as low-rise, mid-rise or high-rise.

Low-rise buildings have one to four storeys.

A mid-rise building is typically 5-9 storeys.

And a high-rise building is typically 10 or more storeys.

Webster's Dictionary

Webster's Dictionary is any of the English language dictionaries edited in the early 19th century by American lexicographer Noah Webster. ""Webster's"" has since become a well known name in the United States for English dictionaries, and is mainly used in dictionary titles.

Willis Group

Willis Group Holdings plc was a multinational risk advisor, insurance brokerage and reinsurance brokerage company with its headquarters in the Willis Building in London until its merger with financial services company Towers Watson in 2016. 

It was the world's third-largest insurance broker. Willis has around 400 offices in 120 countries and about 18,000 employees.

The 110-story Sears Tower in Chicago was renamed the Willis Tower in July 2009 since Willis bought the name rights of the building.

Flag of Liguria

The flag of Liguria is one of the official symbols of the region of Liguria, Italy. The current flag was adopted on 7 July 1997.

Each color has the following meaning:


At the center of the flag is the coat of arms of Liguria: a stylized caravel, symbolizing the maritime traditions of the region and its great navigators, positioned below the historical flag of the Republic of Genoa (the current flag of the modern-day city of Genoa). The four six-pointed stars imposed on the Genovese flag represent the four provinces of Liguria: the Province of Genoa, the Province of Imperia, the Province of La Spezia, and the Province of Savona.

Mark Gitenstein

Mark Henry Gitenstein (born March 7, 1947) is an American lawyer and politician. Gitenstein is the United States Ambassador to the European Union since 2022. He was the United States Ambassador to Romania from 2009 to 2012 during the Barack Obama presidency.

In July 2021, Gitenstein was nominated to be the United States Ambassador to the European Union by President Joe Biden. The United States Senate confirmed him on December 18, 2021 by voice vote. Gitenstein presented his credentials to the European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen on January 24, 2022.

Jake Ellzey

John Kevin "Jake" Ellzey Sr. (born January 24, 1970) is an American veteran and Republican politician. He is the U.S. Representative for Texas's 6th congressional district. Ellzey replaced Ron Wright who died in early 2021.

Ellzey was a member of the Texas House of Representatives for the 10th district from January 2021 until his election to U.S. Congress in July of that year. 

He served in the United States Navy as a fighter pilot.

Tony Warren

Tony Warren (8 July 1936 – 1 March 2016) is the founder of ITV television series "Coronation Street".

Tony Warren was born Anthony McVay Simpson in Eccles to George M. and Doris Simpson. George M. Simpson fought in World War II and could speak seven languages. After the war, he worked as a fruit importer and played the violin in George M Simpson’s Tonics Dance Orchestra.

Tony would visit his mother's mother's house and listen to her visitors talk. He would later use these memories to make the characters on "Coronation Street" talk like real people.

He began working in Sunday School plays and then the BBC's Children's Hour. He took the stage name Tony Warren while still a child actor.

Warren went to Eccles grammar school on a scholarship. He went to Liverpool's Shelagh Elliott-Clarke's drama school but was told he had to leave school after 18 months. He went to London and worked on acting and writing.

In 1958, Warren started working at ITV company Granada Television as a writer. He worked on "Shadow Squad", "Biggles", and other projects.

Warren started his own series in the 1960s. At first he called it "Florizel Street", but a tea lady at Granada named Agnes said that sounded "like a disinfectant", so they changed the name to "Coronation Street".

"Coronation Street" was a success, but Warren began to have problems with money, drugs, and alcohol. Sometimes he would leave the country. He tried to write "Ferry Cross the Mersey" but could not. He did write other things: "The War of Darkie Pilbeam" in 1968.

Warren managed to become sober. He worked as a consultant on "Coronation Street" and related projects. He wrote novels: "The Lights of Manchester" in 1991, "Foot of the Rainbow" in 1993, "Behind Closed Doors" in 1995, and "Full Steam Ahead" in 1998.


Michael Nouri

Michael Nouri (born December 9, 1945) is an American actor. He is best known for his television roles, including Dr. Neil Roberts on "The O.C.", Phil Grey on "Damages", Caleb Cortlandt on "All My Children", Eli David in "NCIS", and Bob Schwartz on "Yellowstone". 

He is also known for his movie roles in "Flashdance" (1983) and "The Hidden" (1987). 


2021 CAF Women's Champions League

The 2021 CAF Women's Champions League is the 1st edition of the African women's club football championship organised by the Confederation of African Football (CAF). This edition will held in Egypt.

Each of CAF's regions holds a qualifying tournament. The winner advances to the final tournament.

The tournament take place in Berkane, Morocco.

The tournament will held in Cape Verde.

The tournament will held in Côte d'Ivoire from 24 July to 05 August 2021.

The tournament will held in Kenya from 17 July to 1 August 2021.

COSAFA Women’s Champions League draw was held on July 29 
The seven teams were divided into two groups (one group of 4 teams and one group of 3 teams). The first two in each group advance to the semi-finals.
The final tournament will held in Egypt. The eight teams are divided into two groups of four. The first two in each group advance to the semi-finals. WAFU-B qualified two teams because it is region of the current Africa Women Cup of Nations champions.



Dentlein

Dentlein is a municipality in Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Diebach

Diebach is a municipality in Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Dietenhofen

Dietenhofen is a municipality in Ansbach in Bavaria, Germany.

This small village is in the Franconian Heights about 28 km west of Nuremberg, 14 km north east of Ansbach and 38 km east of Rothenburg o.d. Tauber.
The river Bibert flows through the valley community. It also gives its name to the Bibert walking and bicycle path. Apart from the main village, there are 27 subdivisions which also belong to Dietenhofen.

These are: 
The current mayor, Heinz Henninger has been in power since 1984.
The local council includes 20 voluntary members.

Exchanges take place and lasting friendships have been established.

Dietenhofen has a recently renovated indoor swimming pool and a sports hall. There are also some playing fields.
The clubs and music groups on offer make sure that there is something for everybody. Cultural events take place regularly.

Ligurian Republic

The Ligurian Republic (, Ligurian: "Repubbrica Ligure") was a client republic (a puppet state) formed by Napoleon I of France on 14 June 1797, after his army occupied Italy. It consisted of the old Republic of Genoa which Napoleon abolished and which covered most of the Ligurian region of northwest Italy, and the small Imperial fiefs owned by the House of Savoy inside its territory. Its first constitution was passed on 22 December 1797, establishing a Directorial republic.

The directory was overthrown on 7 December 1799 and the executive Girolamo Luigi Durazzo was temporarily replaced by a commission. In 1800 a Doge was nominated for 5 years. In 1802 he was nominated for life. The Doge had no real powers, because he and the state were controlled by Napoleon and his army. Despite the appearance as a constitutional republic with a constitution and a legislature, almost everything was decided by Napoleon, like in all the other French client states.

The state was briefly occupied by the Austrian army in 1800, but Napoleon soon returned with his army. A new constitution was published in 1801, establishing institutions more similar to those of the previous Genoan Republic, with a Doge who was president of a senate. The Ligurian Republic used the traditional Genoese flag, a red cross on a white background.

In June 1805, the Ligurian Republic was annexed by the French to the French Empire.

After the fall of Napoleon in 1814, the republic was briefly restored between 28 April and 28 July. Following the Congress of Vienna it was awarded to the Kingdom of Sardinia and annexed on 3 January 1815.

Pizza marinara

Pizza marinara, also known as pizza alla marinara, is a type of Neapolitan pizza that only has tomato sauce, olive oil, oregano, and garlic. It might be the oldest kind of tomato-covered pizza.

Kai Tak Airport

Kai Tak Airport () was the international airport of Hong Kong from 1925 until 1998 (1997 as British Hong Kong). 

Dassault Aviation

Dassault Aviation is an international French aircraft manufacturer of military and commercial jets, and is member of the Dassault Group.

It was founded in 1929 by Marcel Bloch as "Société des Avions Marcel Bloch" or "MB". After the World War II, Marcel Bloch changed his name to Marcel Dassault, and the company name was changed on 20 January 1947 to "Avions Marcel Dassault".

The Dassault Aviation Group has been managed by Éric Trappier since January 9, 2013.


Harland Williams

Harland Reesor Williams (born November 14, 1962) is a Canadian-American actor and stand-up comedian.

Harland Reesor Williams was born on November 14, 1962, in Toronto, Ontario, to Lorraine Mary (née O'Donnell), a social worker, and John Reesor Williams, a lawyer who served as a member of the Ontario legislature from 1975 to 1985. He is the middle child of five with two older, his brother Steve, and two younger sisters.

Harland holds dual citizenship with Canada and the United States.

He is the author and illustrator of his own series of children's books involving a little brontosaurus named Lickety Split. Williams' love of art drove him to create the series, in which the curious, young dinosaur embarks on a series of amazing adventures and learns important life lessons in the process. The artistically inclined Williams had refined his passion for drawing and painting at Canada's Sheridan College in Oakville, Ontario. Finding a creative outlet in poetry and painting while working as a forest ranger for five years after dropping out of Sheridan College, Williams set his goals to leave the forest as a stand-up comic and actor, soon moving to Los Angeles to pursue his newfound calling.

Williams is cousin to Barenaked Ladies keyboardist Kevin Hearn, and together they have a hobby band called The Cousins. Williams also played the security guard in the music video for the band’s 2001 single "Falling for the First Time".

Williams is known for his movie roles, which include "Dumb and Dumber", "Freddy Got Fingered", "There's Something About Mary", "Half Baked", "RocketMan", "Sorority Boys", "Down Periscope", "Superstar" and "Employee of The Month". Williams starred as the security guard in the music video for the 2001 Barenaked Ladies song "Falling for the First Time". He has performed his stand-up comedy routines on "Late Night with David Letterman", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", HBO, Comedy Central and at comedy clubs throughout the country. 

Naophangba

Meidingu Naophangba () was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the successor of Naokhamba and the predecessor of Sameiraang. He promulgated a proto-Constitution in 429 AD, which later grew into the Loyumba Shinyen, a written constitution in 1100 AD, during the reign of King Loyumba. He is one of the most outstanding figures in the history of Meitei architecture of Ancient Manipur. He laid the foundation stone of the Kangla, the "Namthak Sarongpung", which is the holiest place to the Manipuri ethnicity.
During his reign, the coronation hall in the Kangla was inaugurated and a hog was sacrificed.
According to the Loyumba Shinyen, he took command from Mangang Luwang Khuman for the administration of justice in the kingdom. According to the Chakparol, the ten villages of the Chakpas separated during his reign. It was right from his reign that the newcomers (immigrants) were assigned and admitted to the yek salai (clans) and the yumnaks (families) of the Meitei ethnicity. According to the Thengkourol, copper and brass were imported from Burma () and China () during his reign. 

The first seven kings preceding his reign were sometimes considered divine, but it was right from his era that the rulers were usually regarded as human beings. He is remembered for his emphasis on ethics. Though many Manipuri Muslims claim that their earliest ancestors settled in Manipur right from the reign of Naophangba (5th century AD), the claim is clearly contradicted by the fact that Islam and Muslims first set feet in the Indian subcontinent in Gujarat, extreme Western India in 623 AD (7th century AD).


Crowded House (album)

Crowded House (album) is the first studio album by the band of the same name. It was released in June 1986. It features the top 10 hits "Don't Dream It's Over & Something So Strong". It also features 3 other singles that also charted in Australia and New Zealand.

Track Listing:


Cardiff Airport

Cardiff Airport () is the busiest airport in Wales. It is in Cardiff.


Campo Grande tree frog

The Campo Grande tree frog ("Boana cymbalum") was a frog that lived in South America. Scientists had only seen it in one place, Campo Grande da Serra in São Paulo, Brazil. In 2023, it was declared extinct by the IUCN.

Kashmir markhor

The Kashmir Markhor or the Flare-Horned Markhor "(Capra falconeri cashmiriensis)" is a goat that lives in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan and in the Kashmir Valley in India. Some scientists say it is a subspecies of "Capra falconeri" and others say it does not count as its own subspecies. The Kashmir Markhor is the sub species of Markhor which is also known as Pir Panjal Markhor. These Markhors are found in the Chitral Valleys of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, a province of Pakistan and Neelum Valley.

These markhors are hunted under a community-based hunting program. One survey conducted by CITES and WWF and the KPK wildlife department counted only 300 markhors. Then the government started the community-based hunting program. They issued 4 hunting permits for Kashmir markhor per year. They required that 80% of the money from trophy hunting go to the local community. Because of this, local people stopped killing the markhor for food. This hunting program succeeded. A more recent survey counted 4000 markhors.

This animal is easier to hunt than the Astor Markhor or Suleman Markhor but the hunter must be strong. A 40” horn is considered representable.

This wild goat-antelope has horns on its head that curve in a spiral. It is synonymous with the Astor Markhor which has large, flat horns, branching widely and then going up nearly straight with only a half turn, from a heavy, flat horns, twisted like a corkscrew.

These animals live in dry places. In the winter, they do not live more than 2200 meters above sea level.

For most of the year, the Kashmir markhor eats grassy plants. In the winter, when snow covers the grass, the Kashmir markhor will eat parts of trees and shrubs if it cannot find grass. It can eat pine needles, but not when it can find other foods.

When it is not mating season, male and female Astor markhors often live apart. The females usually go to cliffs with fewer plants on them, and the males go to places with more plants to eat. 

There are few Kashmir markhor left because human beings take livestock to eat grass in the places where the Kashmir markhor lives. Other people have killed the Kashmir markhor for its horns.

The nominate subspecies Kashmir Markhor is the State animal of Azad Kashmir.

Viktor Johansson

Viktor Tobias Johansson (born 14 September 1998) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for English club Rotherham United, as a goalkeeper.

Johansson spent his early career with Stuvsta, Hammarby, Aston Villa, Alfreton Town and Leicester City.

In September 2020 he signed for Rotherham United. He made his first appearance in a 2–1 win at home against Preston North End on 7 November 2020.

Johansson has represented Sweden at under-17, under-19 and under-21 youth levels.

Dombühl

Dombühl is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Dombühl has eight districts:

2009 L'Aquila earthquake

The 2009 L'Aquila earthquake occurred on 6 April 2009 in L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Central Italy. It occurred as a result of faulting in the central Apennines. This earthquake killed over 300 people. It was Italy's most destructive of the last 30 years (as of 2009). 

Dürrwangen

Dürrwangen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Ehingen, Middle Franconia

Ehingen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Hesselberg

Hesselberg (; 689 m above sea level) is the highest point in Middle Franconia and the Franconian Jura and is situated 60 km south west of Nuremberg, Germany.

All references are in German.


Hajipur

Hajipur () is a city in Bihar, India. It is the headquarters of Vaishali district. There is also a Lok Sabha area under the parliamentary system of Hajipur India. Hajipur became its headquarters after Vaishali became an independent district on 12 October 1972 after being separated from Muzaffarpur. The city is the headquarters of the East-Central Railway of Indian Railways, established on 8 September 1996. It has several national level institutions and famous for Banana, Mango and Litchi.

National epic

A National epic is an epic poem or a literary work of epic scope which seeks or is believed to capture and express the essence or spirit of a particular nation. In a broader sense, a national epic may simply be an epic in the national language which the people or government of that nation are particularly very proud of respectively.

Usually most national epics frequently recount the origin of a nation, a part of its history, or a crucial event in the development of national identity such as other national symbols.

Purvis, Mississippi

Purvis is the county seat of Lamar County, Mississippi, United States.

Monticello, Mississippi

Monticello is the county seat of Lawrence County, Mississippi, United States.

Carthage, Mississippi

Carthage is the county seat of Leake County, Mississippi, United States.

Flachslanden

Flachslanden is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Dr. Dimensionpants

Dr. Dimensionpants is a Canadian animated television series created by Brad Peyton.

Kyle Lipton was a normal 12-year-old kid, until a portal opened and dropped a pair of "The Dimensionpants", also called the 'Pants of Power' or 'Power Pants'. It is one of several powerful clothing items constructed in the Unicrone dimension, which also included socks and a summer dress.

Gebsattel

Gebsattel is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany. It lies on the Tauber River.

Gebsattel has nine neighborhoods or districts:


Gerolfingen

Gerolfingen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Geslau

Geslau is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Insingen

Insingen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Langfurth

Langfurth is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Lehrberg

Lehrberg is a market town in the district of Ansbach, Mittelfranken, Bavaria, Germany.
There are districts mentioned below:

Ballstädt

Ballstädt is a village and a former municipality in the district of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany. Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the municipality Nessetal.

Berndorf, Rhineland-Palatinate

Berndorf is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde". It is a kind of collective municipality – in the Vulkaneifel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the "Verbandsgemeinde" of Gerolstein, whose seat is in the like-named town.

Berndorf lies between Hillesheim and Kerpen, southwest of the latter in the Vulkaneifel.

The council is made up of 12 council members, who were elected by majority vote at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.

Anton Schütz (born 19 April 1894 in Berndorf, died 6 October 1977), well-known artist in New York


Birkach

Birkach () is an urban district in the south of Stuttgart located on the plain known as the Filderebene. It is north of Plieningen. Birkach is one of the smallest districts in Stuttgart.

Botnang

Botnang (formerly "Bothnang") is a district of the City of Stuttgart and is between Feuerbach, Stuttgart-West and Vaihingen.




Stuttgart-North

Stuttgart-Nord is an inner city district in the north of Stuttgart.

Kühndorf

Kühndorf is a municipality in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district of Thuringia, Germany.

Lichtenau, Bavaria

Lichtenau is a market town in the district of Ansbach, Mittelfranken, Bavaria, Germany. A small village/town of roughly 3,780 population on the “Castle Road” theme route of Southern Germany. It is at 390 meters above sea level with an area of 41.39 km² (16 sq mi).


James A. Andersen

James A. Andersen (September 21, 1924 – May 1, 2022) was an American politician and judge. He was a Republican. He served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives (1959–1967) and the Washington State Senate (1967–1973). He was also a justice of the Washington Supreme Court from 1984 to 1995.

Long was born in Auburn, Washington. He served in the United States Army as a combat infantryman in World War II. He was wounded in the Battle of the Bulge near Bastogne, Belgium.

Andersen died on May 1, 2022 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 97.

Dick Long

Richard John Long (4 May 1924 – 28 July 2021) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a member of the Victorian Legislative Council for Gippsland from 1973 to 1992. 

Long was born in Leongatha, Victoria. He served as a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) pilot during World War II. He died in 2021 at the age of 97.

Mac Tonight

Mac Tonight is a McDonald's mascot from the late 1980s played by Doug Jones and Brock Walsh. Mac Tonight is known for its crescent moon head and wearing sunglasses.

Moon Man is a unofficial parody of Mac Tonight which he is depicted as being racist used similarly to Pepe the Frog.

Mitteleschenbach

Mitteleschenbach (East Franconian: "Middleschabach)" is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Mönchsroth

Mönchsroth is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

World economy

The world economy or the global economy is the economy of everyone in the world. This includes all trading that happens between people or groups of people such as nations. In some situations, the two meanings can mean different things, with the "global economy" being measured differently from how people measure and look at economies by country. 

Neuendettelsau

Neuendettelsau (colloquially: "Deddlsa", formerly also "Beddlhē") is a municipality in Middle Franconia, Germany. Neuendettelsau is 20 miles southwest of Nuremberg and 12 miles east of Ansbach.

The mayor is Christoph Schmoll (SPD), elected in March 2020.





Neusitz

Neusitz is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberdachstetten

Oberdachstetten is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Northeast blackout of 2003

Connecticut

Massachusetts

Michigan

New Jersey

New York

Ohio

Ontario

Pennsylvania

The Northeast blackout of 2003 was a big power outage that happened in many parts of the northeastern and midwestern United States, and the Canadian area of Ontario on Thursday, August 14, 2003, starting soon after 4:10 p.m. EDT.

Most places got power back by midnight (in about 7 hours since it was lost), some as early as 6 p.m. on August 14 (in 2 hours since it was lost), while the New York City Subway started serving customers again by 8 p.m. Full power came back to New York City and Toronto on August 16. It was the world's second biggest blackout in history, second to the 1999 Southern Brazil blackout.

The blackout happened because of a software problem in the alarm area of the control room of FirstEnergy.

Rye bread

Rye bread is a type of bread made from rye flour. The flour can either come from refined or whole rye kernels. The color can be either light or dark. It is denser than wheat bread unless mixed with wheat flour. It is thought to have a stronger flavour.

Foods made with rye are thought to be staple foods in the middle ages. Around year 500, Saxons came to Britain with rye which can handle the climate there.

There are many types of rye bread. In Germany, there is a rye bread known as pumpernickel. It also known to be eaten in some Jewish communities where it is also known as sissel bread or cissel bread.

Its nutritional content is similar to other grain based breads.

Rice bread

Rice bread is a type of bread that is made from rice flour. It is a gluten-free option for people who are sensitive to it.

The Vietnamese banh mi (baguette) is made with rice flour and sometimes wheat flour. It has an airy and crispy texture.

Liberian rice bread is a type of rice bread, made with rice flour, mashed ripe plantains, butter, eggs, baking soda, sugar, salt, water, and grated ginger.

Red-naped trogon

The red-naped trogon ("Harpactes kasumba") is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.

Hackney Wick

Hackney Wick is an area in east London, England. Hackney is next to a park called Victoria park . Did you know there is a river in hackney? 

If you are looking for food there is a market close to fish island. If your looking for houses in 2023 fish island [ which is in hackney wick ] has built new houses. Schools are developing and getting better . conveniently, Stratford is next to hackney . Every year there is a hackney half which most people go and run . In the hackney half people cheer each other on even if they don't know the person . 

The Downfall (movie)

The Downfall (, ) is a 1961 Greek drama movie directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Zoe Laskari, Nikos Kourkoulos, Vangelis Voulgaridis, Pantelis Zervos, Kostas Voutsas.

Esther (1986 movie)

Esther (Hebrew: אסתר) is a 1986 Israeli Dutch Austrian British drama movie directed by first time director Amos Gitai and starring Simone Benyamini, Zare Vartanian, Mohammad Bakri, Juliano Mer-Khamis, Rim Banna, Fouad Awad.


Extrasolar moon

An extrasolar moon, or exomoon, is a moon, or natural satellite, of an exoplanet.

Exomoons are difficult to find and confirm. Observations from missions like "Kepler" have found some things that might be exomoons, one of them include Kepler-1625b I. 

Philip Pierre

Philip Joseph Pierre (born 18 September 1954) is a Saint Lucian politician. He became the ninth Prime Minister of Saint Lucia on 28 July 2021. He has been the political leader of the Saint Lucia Labour Party since 18 June 2016.

Kenneth Tencio

Kenneth Tencio Esquivel (born December 6, 1993) is a Costa Rican freestyle or freestyle BMX cyclist. He is an athlete known in Costa Rica for participating in freestyle BMX competitions in the X-Knights, winning a plata medal at the 2018 World Cycling World Championship and qualifying for the 2020 Summer Olympics.

YouTube Kids

YouTube Kids is an official YouTube app made for kids. It is safer for kids to use YouTube Kids more than YouTube, due to the content being made specifically for younger audiences. Parents can block unwanted videos, or only allow select videos to be seen.

Only videos that are made for kids come up. However, it is criticized for having videos that look kid-friendly, but aren't. The platform imports videos from the original YouTube app, with only a check mark or an automatic modification allowing a copy of the video to show up on the YouTube Kids app.

Many videos that are not family-friendly, mainly edited clips that use characters from family-oriented TV shows, are automatically moved to the children's platform without the creator's consent, easily creating problems on the app.

Zoom, Zoom, Superman!

Zoom, Zoom, Superman! is a 1973 Filipino fantasy comedy movie directed by Ishmael Bernal, Joey Gosiengfiao and Elwood Perez. It stars Ariel Ureta, Rita Gomez, Boots Anson-Roa, Liza Lorena, Celia Rodriguez, Edgar Mortiz, Gina Alajar, Max Alvarado.

Only by the Night

Only by the Night is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Kings of Leon. It was released on September 19, 2008.

List of prime ministers of Saint Lucia

This article is a list of prime ministers of Saint Lucia.


Vaughan Lewis

Sir Vaughan Allen Lewis, KCSL CBE (born 17 May 1940) is a Saint Lucian politician. He is a member of the United Workers' Party (UWP). He was the fourth Prime Minister of Saint Lucia.

Governor-General of Saint Lucia

The Governor-General of Saint Lucia is the representative of the monarch of Saint Lucia, currently King Charles III.


Pearlette Louisy

Dame Calliopa Pearlette Louisy (born 8 June 1946) is a Saint Lucian politician. She was the Governor-General of Saint Lucia from 1997 until 2017. She was the first woman to hold this office. 

Neville Cenac

Sir Emmanuel Neville Cenac, GCSL, GCMG (born 24 November 1939) is the Governor-General of Saint Lucia since 2018. He was appointed to that post in January 2018.He left his post in November 2021

Oleg Baklanov

Oleg Dmitriyevich Baklanov (; March 17, 1932 – July 28, 2021) was a Soviet politician and businessman. He was Minister of General Machine Building from 1983 until 1988.

Porfirio Armando Betancourt

Porfirio Armando Betancourt Carranza (10 October 1957 – 28 July 2021) was a Honduran professional footballer. From 1982 until 1985, he made nine appearances for the national team. ​

Betancourt died on 28 July 2021 in San Pedro Sula, Honduras from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 63.


Kate Nelligan

Patricia Colleen Nelligan (born March 16, 1950), known professionally as Kate Nelligan, is a retired Canadian actress. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1991 movie "The Prince of Tides". She won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for the 1991 movie "Frankie and Johnny". She also starred as a main protagonist in the 1981 movie "Eye of the Needle", the 1983 movie "Without a Trace" and the 1985 movie "Eleni".


Dina Boluarte

Dina Ercilia Boluarte Zegarra ( ; born 31 May 1962) is a Peruvian politician, civil servant and lawyer who is the 64th and the current President of Peru since 2022. Previously, she was the 35th First Vice President of Peru from 2021 to 2022. Before that, she was the First Vice President of Peru and the Minister of Development and Social Inclusion from 2021 to 2022.

Boluarte is the first woman to become President of Peru. She was sworn in following a failed self-coup d'état by President Pedro Castillo which caused his impeachment, removal from office, and arrest.

2021 Maharashtra floods

The 2021 Maharashtra floods were floods across the Indian state of Maharashtra. , around 250 people have been killed and over 100 are still missing due to floods and landslides. Thirteen districts have been affected in western Maharashtra.

The most affected regions are the districts of Raigad, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Satara, Sangli and Kolhapur.

The Hound of the Baskervilles (1983 movie)

The Hound of the Baskervilles (a.k.a. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Hound of the Baskervilles) is a 1983 British television mystery thriller movie directed by Douglas Hickox and was based on the 1902 novel of the same name by Arthur Conan Doyle. It stars Ian Richardson, Donald Churchill, Martin Shaw, Connie Booth, Brian Blessed, Edward Judd, Eric Richard, Ronald Lacey, Nicholas Clay, Glynis Barber, Cindy O'Callaghan, Francesca Gonshaw.

2020-21 UEFA U-20 Europa League

The 2020–21 UEFA U-20 Europa League was the 19th season of Europe's secondary youth club football tournament organised by UEFA,

Due the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, the tournament was delayed and originally started in January 2021, However, on 13 December 2020, the tournament was cancelled and champions was not awarded for second year in a row.

Fanny (1961 movie)

Fanny is a 1961 American romantic drama movie directed by Joshua Logan and was based on the 1954 musical of the same name and in turn it was based on the two plays by Marcel Pagnol. It stars Leslie Caron, Horst Buchholz, Maurice Chevalier, Charles Boyer, Georgette Anys, Lionel Jeffries and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1962.


Salon (meeting)

A salon is a gathering of people held by an inspiring host. During the gathering there is amusement and the people increase their knowledge through conversation.

Modern-day versions of the traditional salon (some of them about literature, other art forms or science) ​are held throughout the world, in private homes and at public places.

Sameirang

Meidingu Sameirang () was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the successor of Naophangba and the predecessor of Ura Konthouba. He was born to King Naophangba of Ningthouja dynasty and Queen Kaireima, the princess of Khuman dynasty. In 518 AD, he defeated Kwakpa Thawanthaba, the chief of the Angom principality and took possession of his territory after killing him.

He founded the "Phaida Loishang" (eunuch institution) led by a head for the first time in the kingdom. During his reign, Yumnaks (Meitei families) like Yengkhom, Keithellakpam and Kheirom are found mentioning in the chronicles. These are the descendants of Thamanglang, the step brother of King Sameirang. His name is mentioned in the inscription found in Khoibu region.


Yorktown class aircraft carrier

The Yorktown class was a class of 3 american aircraft carriers built for the US Navy. They were USS Yorktown, USS Enterprise, and USS Hornet. The first ship was commissioned in 1937 and the last ship was commissioned in 1942. They saw service during World War 2 at the Battles of Coral Sea, Midway, Santa Cruz, Philippine Sea, and Leyte Gulf, among others. 2, USS Yorktown and Hornet, were sunk. 

The Yorktown class were designed from the Lexington class aircraft carriers, which were built before the Yorktown class. Under the , naval size was greatly limited. This led to the scrapping of many ships. Some ships that were not completed yet were changed into aircraft carriers, and these included the Lexington class. The Yorktown class was built from the start as a carrier, which had some good sides. Early designs called for no island. However, the drawbacks from having no island were known, and the designs were switched. 
In 1937, the Washington Naval Treaty was put out of use, and the US began building more carriers. A third member of the class, USS Hornet, was built. This also allowed the Essex class carriers to be built.

During the Pearl Harbor attack, Enterprise was at sea. It later helped in the first battles of the war. Yorktown arrived in the Pacific ocean on December 16th, and later joined Enterprise. Yorktown later fought in the Battle of Coral Sea, and with USS Lexington, sank the japanese carrier Shoho. 

On July 4th, one of the most important battles of the Pacific campaign of WW2 began. In the Battle of Midway, Yorktown, Enterprise, and Hornet fought against 4 IJN carriers: the Akagi, the Kaga, the Soryu, and the Hiryu. Over the next 3 days, the US sank all of them. At the end of the battle, Yorktown was sunk by a Japanese submarine. 

The next year, Hornet was sunk in an air attack at the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands, leaving Enterprise the only allied carrier in the entire Pacific theater. After being upgraded and repaired, she joined the new Essex class carriers in the Pacific Campaign. She fought at the battles of the Philippine Sea and Leyte Gulf. Finally, a Kamikaze attack in May 1945 damaged it, requiring repairs until the end of the war. It helped in bringing soldiers back to the US. Not needed after the war, Enterprise was put into the reserve fleet. After efforts to make it into a museum ship failed, she was scrapped. In total, the class won 27 .

Bend of the River

Bend of the River is a 1952 American western movie directed by Anthony Mann and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Bill Gulick. It stars James Stewart, Arthur Kennedy, Julie Adams, Rock Hudson, Lori Nelson, Howard Petrie, Chubby Johnson, Harry Morgan and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Roberto Calasso

Roberto Calasso (30 May 1941 – 28 July 2021) was an Italian writer and publisher. He was born in Florence, Italy. He has been called "a literary institution of one". He founded and owned the publishing company Adelphi Edizioni.

Calasso died on 28 July 2021 in Milan, Italy at the age of 80.

István Csom

István Csom (June 2, 1940 – July 28, 2021) was a Hungarian chess Grandmaster and International Arbiter. He became an International Master in 1967 and a Grandmaster in 1973. He was Hungarian Champion in 1972 and 1973. He was born in Sátoraljaújhely, Hungary. Csom played for the Hungarian team in seven Chess Olympiads.

Csom died on July 28, 2021 in Budapest at the age of 81.

Linguine Carbonara

Linguine Carbonara is an Italian pasta variety dish from Rome first introduced in the mid twentieth century. It contains egg, cheese, pork, black pepper, cream and pancetta.


Axel Olrik

Axel Olrik (3 July 1864 – 17 February 1917) was a Danish folklorist and interpretator of Norse mythology (including Edda, Gesta Danorum). He analyzed Norse eschatology and his genesis. 

2021 COSAFA Women’s Champions League

The 2021 COSAFA Women's Champions League is the 1st edition of the COSAFA women's club football championship organised by the COSAFA for the women's clubs of association nations. This edition will held from 26 August–4 September 2021. It will be hosted by South Africa .

The winner of the tournament will qualify for the first ever CAF Women's Champions League which will held later this year.

The following seven teams will contest in the league.

The draw ceremony of the championship was held on 29 July 2021 11:00 local time at Johannesburg, South Africa.

Teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria are applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Kaireima

Khuman Chanu Khayoiron Kaireima () was a Queen of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). She is the consort of King Naophangba (427 AD-517 AD or 1825 MF-1915 MF) of the Ningthouja dynasty and the princess of the Khuman dynasty. She is the daughter of Waklen Tongyai ("Kacheng Khuyee Yaaba"), the younger brother of King Yoirangpok Punshiba, who ruled in the Khuman kingdom with Thoubal as its capital. Along with Naophangba, she mothered King Sameirang (517 AD-567 AD or 1915 MF-1965 MF) of the Ningthouja dynasty. For being the mother of a king, her name was recorded in the Chada Laihui, besides the Cheitharol Kumbaba and the Ningthourol Lambuba.

Financial market

A financial market is a market in which people trade different assets at low trade costs. Some of these include stocks and bonds, natural materials and rare metals, which are known sometimes as commodities.

The word "market" is sometimes used for what is more like "exchanges" (trading) of stuff, and groups that help the trade in financial commodities, for example a stock trading or commodity trade. This can be a real on land location (such as the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), London Stock Exchange (LSE)) or an online electric system such as NASDAQ.

St. Louis-style pizza

St. Louis-style pizza is a type of pizza popular in St. Louis, Missouri. It is made with a very thin crust, Provel cheese, and is usually cut into squares instead of wedges.

Thamanglang

Thamanglang was a prince of the Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is a son of King Naophangba of Ningthouja dynasty and Queen Yaoreibi of Luwang dynasty. He is a step brother of Sameirang, who later became the king. He is the progenitor of the yumnaks including Yengkhom, Keithellakpam and Kheirom of the Ningthouja dynasty of the present day Meitei ethnicity.

Detroit-style pizza

Detroit-style pizza is a type of pizza popular in Detroit, Michigan. It's made with a thick crust that is crispy and chewy, and is usually topped with tomato sauce and Wisconsin brick cheese.

Mustang Ridge, Texas

Mustang Ridge is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ise Bay

Ise Bay () is a bay in Japan. It is located at the mouth of the between Mie and Aichi Prefectures.

Yanceyville, North Carolina

Yanceyville is a town in and the county seat of Caswell County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,937 people live in Yanceyville.

Amory, Mississippi

Amory is a city in Monroe County, Mississippi, United States.

Mo Hayder

Mo Hayder (born Beatrice Clare Bastin; 2 January 1962 – 27 July 2021) was a British crime-thriller novelist. She wrote over ten novels during her twenty-year career. She won an Edgar Award in 2012. Her best known work was "Birdman" and its sequel "The Treatment". Hayder was born in Essex, England.

In December 2020, Hayder was diagnosed with motor neurone disease. She died on 27 July 2021 from problems caused by the disease, aged 59.

Johnny Ventura

Juan de Dios Ventura Soriano (8 March 1940 – 28 July 2021), better known as Johnny Ventura nicknamed , was a Dominican singer, bandleader and politician. His music were mainly merengue and salsa. He was mayor of Santo Domingo from 1998 to 2002. Ventura was born in La Vega, Dominican Republic.

Ventura died on 28 July 2021 in Santo Domingo from a heart attack, aged 81.

Aimee Carrero

Aimee Carrero (born July 15, 1988) is a Dominican-American actress and singer. She is known for her voice roles as Adora/She-Ra in the Netflix animated series "She-Ra and the Princesses of Power," and Princess Elena on the Disney Channel animated series "Elena of Avalor".

Marsala

Marsala (; ) is an Italian city in Sicily. It is in the Province of Trapani. In 2017, 82,640 people lived there.

The city is known for the docking of Giuseppe Garibaldi on 11 May 1860 (the "Expedition of the Thousand") and for its Marsala wine.

Marsala is built on the ruins of the ancient Carthaginian city of Lilybaeum, and is a famous archaeological site of the island of Motya, an ancient Phoenician town.

Jackie Cruz

Jackie Cruz (born August 8, 1986) is a Dominican–American actress, singer and former model. She is known for her role as Marisol "Flaca" Gonzales on the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black".

Garbagnate Milanese

Garbagnate Milanese ( ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy,]. It is about northwest of Milan.

As of 30 November 2017, 27.185 people lived there.

Garbagnate Milanese borders the municipalities of Caronno Pertusella, Cesate, Lainate, Senago, Arese, Bollate and Baranzate.

Garbagnate was given the honorary title of city on February 25, 1985.

"

Saint-Vincent, Aosta Valley

Saint-Vincent is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Sarre, Aosta Valley

Sarre is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Allen Chastanet

Allen Michael Chastanet (born 1960/1961) is a Saint Lucian businessman and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Saint Lucia from 2016 to 2021. He is currently the Opposition Leader of Saint Lucia since 2021. He os the political leader of the United Workers Party.

Torgnon

Torgnon is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Kenny Anthony

Kenny Davis Anthony (born 8 January 1951) is a Saint Lucian politician who was Prime Minister of Saint Lucia from 1997 to 2006 and again from 2011 to 2016.

Boana phaeopleura

Boana phaeopleura is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Suzzara

Suzzara is an Italian city in Lombardy. 21,129 people live there.

Viadana, Lombardy

Viadana is an Italian city in Lombardy. It has about 20,000 inhabitants.

Bukharan markhor

The Bukharan markhor or Heptner's markhor ("Capra falconeri heptneri") is a goat that lives in Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan. It is a subspecies of "Capra falconeri".

This goat has horns on its head that curve in a spiral pattern.

This subspecies is endangered because of disease and because human beings hunt them and graze animals in the places where the goats like to live. Snow leopards, brown bears, jackals, wolves, and golden eagles eat the Bukharan markhor.

2015 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2015 Africa Cup of Nations was the 30th edition of the tournament. It was hosted in Equatorial Guinea.

Valgrisenche

Valgrisenche is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Kumbaya

"Kum ba yah" ("Come by Here") is an African American spiritual song of unknown origin, but is known to be sung by the Gullah people of the islands off South Carolina and Georgia, who are descendants of former slaves from West Africa. The song is thought to have spread from the islands to other Southern U.S. states and to Northern U.S. states, as well as other places in the world. The first known recording, of someone known only as H. Wylie, who sang in the Gullah dialect, was recorded by the folk music enthusiast Robert Winslow Gordon in 1926. It is a popular hymn in African American churches. It later became a popular campfire song in Scouting and summer camps.
The song was originally an appeal to God to come and help those in need.

The title of the song is often used sarcastically in English-speaking countries, either to make fun of spirituality and interpersonal relationships or to criticize their superficiality.


Stay (The Kid Laroi and Justin Bieber song)

"Stay" is a song by Australian rapper and singer The Kid Laroi and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on July 9, 2021, through Columbia Records. The two artists share the same manager, Scooter Braun. Laroi and Bieber wrote the song with Subhhaan Rahmaan, Magnus Hoiberg, Michael Mule, Omer Fedi, Blake Slatkin, and Charlie Puth. Puth, Fedi, Slatkin, and Cashmere Cat produced the song. After entering the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number three, it later peaked at number one, becoming Laroi's first US number-one and Bieber's eighth.

Richard A. Baker (historian)

Richard Allan Baker (born March 18, 1940) was the first Historian of the United States Senate from 1975 until 2009. He directed the United States Senate Historical Office from the time of its creation in 1975.


Historian of the United States Senate

The Historian of the United States Senate heads the United States Senate Historical Office, which was created in 1975 to record and preserve historical information about the United States Senate. The current Historian of the Senate is Betty K. Koed.



Donald A. Ritchie

Donald A. Ritchie (born December 23, 1945) is an American historian. He was the second Historian of the United States Senate from 2009 until 2015.


Parliamentarian of the United States Senate

The Parliamentarian of the United States Senate is the official advisor to the United States Senate. Their job is to talk about and protect the original meaning of the Standing Rules of the United States Senate and parliamentary procedure.

The following have served as Senate Parliamentarian:

Elizabeth MacDonough

Elizabeth MacDonough is an American lawyer. She has been the Parliamentarian of the United States Senate since 2012. She is the first woman to hold the position.

Alan Frumin

Alan Scott Frumin (; born December 26, 1946) is an American lawyer. He was the parliamentarian of the United States Senate from 1987 until 1995 and from 2001 until 2012.

In November 2011, Frumin was included on "The New Republic's" list of Washington's most powerful, least famous people.

Robert Dove

Robert B. Dove (October 18, 1938 – July 28, 2021) was an American political scientist and lawyer. He was the parliamentarian of the United States Senate from 1981 until 1987 and again from 1995 until 2001. He was a professor of political science at George Washington University.

Dove died on July 28, 2021 at the age of 82.

Gesta Danorum

Gesta Danorum (Deeds of the Danes) is a chronicle of Danish history. It was written by the 12th century historian Saxo Grammaticus. This work is the most significant for the Danish nation's early history. 

"Gesta Danorum" consists of sixteen books written in Latin.

Milica Mandić

Milica Mandić (born 6 December 1991) is a Serbian taekwondo practitioner. She is two times Olympic champion and World champion as well.

Saxo Grammaticus

Saxo Grammaticus (c. 1150 - c.1220) was a Danish historian and theologian. He was famous for the Gesta Danorum, first work of Danish history.

Albert Bandura

Albert Bandura (; December 4, 1925 – July 26, 2021) was a Canadian-American psychologist. He was a Professor Emeritus of Social Science in Psychology at Stanford University. He was born in Mundare, Alberta. He was of influence in the transition between behaviorism and cognitive psychology. His later work focused on social cognitive theory, therapy, and personality psychology.

He was known for creating social learning theory and the theoretical construct of self-efficacy. He was also responsible for the creation of the 1961 Bobo doll experiment.

Bandura died on July 26, 2021 in Stanford, California from congestive heart failure, aged 95.

Brooklyn Nine-Nine

Brooklyn Nine-Nine is an American police procedural sitcom television series created by Dan Goor and Michael Schur for Fox, later airing on NBC, that premiered on September 17, 2013 and ended on September 16, 2021.

The show’s main cast featured Andy Samberg as Det. Jake Peralta, Joe Lo Truglio as Det. Charles Boyle, Melissa Fumero as Sgt. Amy Santiago, Terry Crews as Lt. Terry Jeffords, Dirk Blocker as Michael Hitchcock, Joel McKinnon as Norm Skully, Andre Braughter as Captain Raymond Holt, and Stephanie Beatriz as Det. Rosa Diaz.

Intergovernmental organization

An Intergovernmental organization is an organisation of states established on the basis of treaty in accordance with International LAW to achieve specific goals.

Bargème

Bargème is a commune of 223 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Bargemon

Bargemon is a commune of 1,349 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Barjols

Barjols is a commune of 2,975 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Food of the Central African Republic

The food of the Central African Republic includes both native farming foods and foods introduced from the new world. Plantains and cassava are the main sources of carbohydrates. Fufu made from cassava is an important part of the diet. Bushmeat and river fish are often eaten with tomato or peanut sauces, flavoured with chillies and vegetables.

Hot Rod

A "hot rod" is a term used for a car that has been changed to be faster. This can be done by taking off parts to make it lighter or putting a more powerful motor in it. Hot rods are made by people who are passionate about cars, and they use them often in races. They may also be painted or detailed. Traditional "hot rods" have declined, as the number of parts in cars grow, and the safety of the car is lessened by removing them, racers are less likely to change their car to a hot rod.

Buffer zone

The buffer zone means a neutral area serving to separate hostile forces or nations.

Michael Weist

Michael G. Weist III (born 25 July 1996) is an American producer and actor. He is known for his role as an actor in the Hulu movie "Jawline," which won the 2019 Sundance Film Festival.

Weist is a member of the Recording Academy. Weist's television and movie work includes guest appearances on "Dr. Phil," "The Kids Choice Awards", "The Grammy"'s, and appearances in movies.

Weist stars in the Amazon Prime Original, "TanaCon: What Really Happened, Shane Dawson's The Truth About TanaCon," and more.

In June 2018, Weist held an event in collaboration with youtuber Tana Mongeau; called "TanaCon." The event was cancelled just hours after it began.

Short rib

The short rib is a type of meat cut. It can come from the rib, plate, brisket, or chuck parts. It is a fatty cut of meat.

The short rib can come from different muscles. The most common ones are the serratus anterior, latissimus dorsi, and intercostal muscles.

Like most beef cuts, the short rib can be cooked with different methods. Braising is a popular way to cook this cut.

Short ribs are known to be used in Chinese, Jewish, and Korean foods.

In a 1948 "Three Stooges" short titled "Shivering Sherlocks", Larry Fine has an argument with a customer about getting either chicken soup or short ribs.

Bone marrow (food)

Bone marrow, when eaten as food, is the bone marrow of animals. There are different marrows. Some are red and some are yellow.

The marrow is on the inside of the bone. Mammals have bone marrow.

Cuts of bones are usually sold with the marrow inside. The marrow has a lot of fat.

Bone marrow can be cooked the same way as meat.

In Vietnam, people put beef bone marrow in a soup called phở. In the Philippines, the soup bulalo is made mostly of beef stock and bone marrow, vegetables, and boiled meat. It is also used in another soup called kansi.

In India and Pakistan, slow-cooked marrow is used in a dish called "nalli nihari".

Beef bone marrow is also a used in the Italian dish "ossobuco", which is braised veal shanks. Beef marrow bones are also used in the French "pot-au-feu" broth, with some sea salt.

In Kathmandu, Nepal, Sapu Mhichā, which is a leaf tripe bag stuffed with bone marrow, is a delicacy served during special occasions. The bag is boiled and fried, and is eaten when the marrow is still molten.

Unity Technologies

Unity Software Inc. is an American video game software development company based in San Francisco. It was founded in Denmark in 2004 as Over the Edge Entertainment and changed its name in 2007.

Heather Hallett, Baroness Hallett

Heather Carol Hallett, Baroness Hallett (born 16 December 1949) is a former English judge in the Court of Appeal and a life peer. She was the fifth woman that got onto the Court of Appeal.

She was made a life peer in the 2019 Prime Minister's Resignation Honours. This made her name Baroness Hallett.

Jeff McCarthy

Jeffrey Charles McCarthy (born October 16, 1954) is an American actor and director. McCarthy was born in Los Angeles and grew up in Santa Maria, California - growing up blocks away from the Pacific Conservatory of the Performing Arts, where he studied and performed for several seasons in the 1970s. He completed the masters program in acting at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco before becoming a company member.

Sulaiman markhor

The Sulaiman markhor or straight-horned markhor ("Capra falconeri jerdoni") is a goat that lives in Asia. It is a subspecies of "Capra falconeri". Some scientists say it is the same subspecies as the Kabul markhor and others say they are two different subspecies.

Dialects in Tyrol

The Dialects in Tyrol belong to the Upper German dialect groups Bavarian and - only marginally - Alemannic. A large part of it is occupied by Southern Bavarian, which in Tyrol includes the western and central parts of North Tyrol as well as South and East Tyrol.

The Ötztal dialect, which represents the transitional area between the Bavarian and Alemannic continuum and also has borrowings from the Rhaeto-Romanic language formerly spoken in the region and still spoken in parts of neighboring Graubünden, was designated an intangible cultural heritage in Austria by the Austrian UNESCO Commission as of October 2010 because of its specificity, and because it represents a living linguistic landscape.

Common features of Southern Bavarian, as distinguished from Central Bavarian, are:


However, these features do not occur in all speakers, or some are on the wane.

Tyrolean shows partial lexical similarities with Alemannic; for example, the Alm/Alp isogloss runs through Tyrol (in the Inn Valley: between Ötztal and Imst).

Differences from the rest of Austria are also evident in vocabulary, as in:

ållm, ålli, olli - always

aniadr, aniedr / aniade - each / every

auchi, aufi, auchn, aucha - upwards

aweck - away, away (cf. English away)

Fleischkas - meat loaf

gegga - fie, bad (children's language)

gleim (also in Carinthia) - close (together)

Gluuf, Gluufe, Glufa - safety pin, pin (cf. Gufe in Swiss German and Glufa in Swabian)

lei (also in Carinthian) - only

losna, horchn - to hear (cf. Swiss German verb lose)

lipfa, lupfn - to lift up

marenda - snack (between meals)

Halbmittag - mid-morning snack (specific to South Tyrol)

marenda or untern - snack

Mosbeer - blueberries

oi, oui, euchi, öachn, ouchn, ocha - downhill

d - this

dear, dr - the

dia - the

semm, zem, detta, dert - there

The following terms are widely used; their meaning may vary somewhat from place to place. Not all pronunciation variants are included in the list.

bekirnan, pekiengin - to swallow

decht - nevertheless, yet

drlada, drloadn - to bore, to annoy

dunta - down

endern - beyond

felli, fellig, föllig - almost, nearly

floka lossa, flacken - to lie down

formas, foarmos - breakfast

gahl, lobelat - weakly salted

ghilb, gehilbe - cloudy, foggy

glangla losa, glenggang - to dangle, to hang (loosely)

gliandi, gleanig, gluenig - glowing

grantl, gront, grant, troug - trough

graschglan, graschplen - to crackle, crunch, rustle

Griffl - finger

huppm, happm - to take (a child) in the arm

Huudr, Hüdr, Hudo - rag, shred of cloth

iatz - now

inrua lossa, unkeit lossn - to leave unmolested, to leave alone

kallar, schöpfa - ladle

kraaln, gralln - to scratch

Kondla, Kondl - jug

Lulle, Lüllar, Luller - pacifier

night - yesterday

nikarli mocha, nåpsln, nuagerle - midday nap

Neunerlen - morning snack

Ora, Losar - ears

Patatti - potato (Tyrolean Oberland)

plindara, plintern - to move, to change apartment

Pundl, Pundal - jug, container

Purzigogla, Puchzigoglar, Purzigagel - somersault

riibl, riiblar - a kind of schmarren

roogl, rougl, rougla - loose, not solidified

schiifara, schiifer - splinter of wood (in the skin)

schittla, naggln - to wiggle, to shake

schmargala/stinka, schmargelen - to smell badly

schwenza - to flush

springea - to run

Strauch, Strauche - cold, sniffles

suur, gilla - manure, slurry

taasig - dizzy, weary, limp

Taatl, Tootn - drawer, container

Teggn - infirmity, damage

Tiisl - flu, disease

Troppl - trap

Tschippl, Schiipl - a (small) amount

Tschottn, Tschouttn, Schotta - curd, curdled milk

wiach, wiache - (very) fat

zfleiß, zefleiße - intentionally, in defiance of the law

Zeggr - hand basket, shopping bag

Zogglar - badly dressed person, tramp, good-for-nothing

Notsch - pig

Ő - newspaper

The vocabulary of Tyrolean dialects is recorded and described in the .

The Tyrolean dialect was influenced by other languages of previously settled peoples who became sedentary in the course of the migration of peoples. This is especially true for Rhaeto-Romanic, which was displaced in most areas over the centuries. This is especially noticeable in romanized terms such as Balla for Ballen (Tyrolean Oberland). In the Pustertal and in East Tyrol, as well as in Carinthia, a Slavic influence is added, which is reflected above all in a much softer pronunciation. In South Tyrol, due to the affiliation with Italy, some Italian loan words have developed.

In Tyrol, dialect boundaries run west to the Alemannic of Vorarlberg, which forms a sharp border, and roughly east of Schwaz (excluding the Zillertal) to the Central Bavarian transitional area.

While in the south and east as well as in the central area of North Tyrol it is "ålm"/"åjm" (German: Alpe, Bergweide) or "wīsn" (German: Wiese), in the west with "ålwe" and "wīse" a transitional area to Alemannic (about Vorarlberg) shows up, where further west the -e also fades ("alp", "wīs"). Other features of Tyrolean Oberland there are "gsejt" instead of "gsågt" (German: gesagt) and "it" instead of "nit" (German: nicht). There is also a typical Alemannic idiom used. For example, in the rest of Tyrol it is "I gea iatz schwimmen" (German: Ich gehe jetzt schwimmen), but in parts of the Oberland it is "I gea iatz ga schwimma". This is very similar to the Alemannic "Etzt gang i ga schwimma".

In the Upper Inn Valley, diminutive forms are -le, -ele and -eli, while in the rest of the Inn Valley an -l is added. The sound groups of the short "el" become "al" in the Oberland (German: Welt - "Walt" or Geld - Gald).



Ohrenbach

Ohrenbach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Petersaurach

Petersaurach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Röckingen

Röckingen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Psittaculidae

The parrot family Psittaculidae consists of five subfamilies, Agapornithinae, Loriinae, Platycercinae, Psittacellinae and Psittaculinae.

This family has been accepted into The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World in 2014, and the IOC World Bird List.

Rügland

Rügland is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany. Rügland also has a castle, which is surrounded by a moat.

Sachsen bei Ansbach

Sachsen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Schnelldorf

Schnelldorf is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Mittelfranken in Bavaria in Germany.
It neighbours to Feuchtwangen, Wörnitz and Wettringen (Mittelfranken) in Bavaria and Rot am See, Wallhausen, Baden-Württemberg, Satteldorf and Kreßberg.

Schopfloch, Bavaria

Schopfloch is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany. It is the home of Lachoudisch, a rare Hebrew-infused German dialect.

La Escalera tree frog

The La Escalera tree frog ("Boana sibleszi") is a frog that lives in Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 1850 meters above sea level.

Siberian ibex

The Siberian ibex ("Capra sibirica"), also known as the Altai ibex or Gobi ibex, is a species of ibex that lives in central Asia. 
They are the longest and heaviest goats known, though they are surpassed in shoulder height. Males are between 88 and 110 cm (35 and 43 in) in shoulder height, and weigh between 60 and 130 kg (130 and 290 lb). Females are noticeably smaller, with heights between 67 and 92 cm (26 and 36 in), and weights between 34 and 56 kg (75 and 123 lb). Both genders have beards, though it is shorter and can be possibly absent in females. The colouration is also variable, from dark brown to light tan, with some reddish individuals.

The wild goat species form a closely related group with complicated internal systematics. Externally, the various forms are distinguished mainly by the sometimes very large horns of the males, while the females are also relatively similar between species. On the basis of the horns of the males one believed for a long time to be able to distinguish different species or species groups. Alpine ibex, Siberian ibex and Nubian ibex, for example, look very similar and were considered to be particularly closely related. What remained puzzling was the fact that the ranges of these three forms are separated by those of other wild goat species. Genetic studies, however, strongly suggest that the Siberian Ibex and the Nubian Ibex each represent separate species, with the Siberian Ibex standing at the base of the genus Capra
Though some recent authorities treat the species as monotypic, others have recognized four subspecies, based mainly on differences in total size and size of horns:


Siberian ibexes live mostly above the tree line, in areas of steep slopes and rocky scree. Most Siberian ibexes are seen in central and northern Asia, Afghanistan, western and northern China (Primarily Xinjiang), north-western India, south-eastern Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, eastern Uzbekistan, Mongolia, northern Pakistan, and south-central Russia.

Goral

The gorals are four species in the genus Nemorhaedus or Naemorhedus. They are small ungulates with a goat-like or antelope-like appearance.

The original name is based on Latin "nemor-haedus", from "nemus, nemoris" 'grove' and "haedus" 'little goat', but was misspelt "Naemorhedus" by Hamilton Smith (1827).

Until recently, this genus also contained the serow species (now in genus "Capricornis"). The name "goral" comes from an eastern Indian word for the Himalayan goral. The four species of gorals are:

Ura Konthouba

Meidingu Ura Konthouba () or Wura Konthouba () was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the successor of Sameirang and the predecessor of Naothingkhong. In 568 AD, he issued coins for the first time in the kingdom. During his reign, the Selloi Langmai tribes attacked the Haokap hills by trespassing the Meetei territory. The Naothingkhong Phambal Kaba describes that he uprooted the Selloi-Langmai people. His daughter was married to the King of Moirang whose descendants took the surname "Ura".


List of Azerbaijani flags

This is a list of flags used in Azerbaijan.

Quick on the Trigger

Quick on the Trigger is a 1948 American western movie directed by Ray Nazarro and starring Charles Starrett, Smiley Burnette, Lyle Talbot, Helen Parrish, George Eldredge, Russell Arms, Alan Bridge. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Anne B. Newman

Anne B. Newman is an American expert on epidemiology and gerontology. She was appointed to the Katherine M. Detre Chair of Population Health Science at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health. Professor Newman is chair of the school’s department of epidemiology and director of the school’s Center for Aging and Population Health. Dr. Newman has been on the faculty since 2005. She also works as a Senior Investigator in the National Institute on Aging. 

Anne B. Newman was born in 1955 in Pennsylvania.

She graduated from the University of Pittsburgh in 1978. She worked in the hospital.

In 1988 she started her work in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.


Who Was That Lady?

Who Was That Lady? is a 1960 American spy comedy movie directed by George Sidney and was based on the 1958 play of the same name. It stars Tony Curtis, Janet Leigh, Dean Martin, Jack Benny, James Whitmore, Larry Keating, Larry Storch. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Johnny Stool Pigeon

Johnny Stool Pigeon is a 1949 American crime drama movie directed by William Castle and starring Howard Duff, Shelley Winters, Dan Duryea, Tony Curtis, John McIntire, Leif Erickson, Barry Kelley. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Randi J. Hagerman

Randi J. Hagerman is the director of MIND Institute at the University of California, Davis. She works on the pediatrics.

Randi J. Hagerman studied in the Stanford University.

She was listed on the American Board of Pediatrics in 1981.

She is a member of many organizations like the American Academy of Pediatrics and others.

She became a recognized researcher of genetics branch (autism spectrum disorder) in the world.

Randi J. Hagerman received some awards:


Aquarium Barcelona

Aquarium Barcelona is an aquarium located in Barcelona, the capital city of Catalonia, Spain. It was opened on September 8, 1995. This aquarium is the largest in Europe. 


Man'yōshū

The Man'yōshū () is the oldest extant collection of Japanese waka (poetry in Classical Japanese), compiled sometime after AD 759 (during the Nara period). 

Palau de la Música Catalana

The Palau de la Música Catalana (Palace of Catalan music) is a concert hall in Barcelona, Spain. It was built between 1905 and 1908 by the modernista Catalan architect Lluís Domènech i Montaner.

Paella

Paella is a traditional rice dish in Valencia, Spain. Paella named after the traditional pan (frying pan) used to cook the dish on an open fire. This dish consists of grain rice, green beans, peas, chicken, rabbit, lima bean. Also paella (paella de marisco) consists of seafood instead of meat.


2022 Copa America Feminina

The 2022 Copa América Femenina was a big football tournament for women in South America. It was the 9th time they had this competition. Teams from different South American countries played against each other. They played these matches in Colombia from 8th to 30th July 2022. This competition was important because the teams were trying to earn a spot in two other big tournaments the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand, and the 2023 Pan American Games in Santiago, Chile. Some teams could go straight to these tournaments, and others had to play more matches to get there. Also, the teams that made it to the final match got a chance to play in the 2024 Summer Olympics in France.

Brazil was really good at this competition. They have won it four times before, and this time they won again by beating Colombia 1-0 in the final match. So, Brazil became the champions for the 8th time. As winners, they got to play against England, who won another big competition in Europe, in a special match called the 2023 Women's Finalissima.

All ten teams of women's football from CONMEBOL were allowed to join in.
The draw happened on 7th April 2022 in a place called Asuncion, which is in Paraguay. During this event, they decided how the teams would play against each other in the tournament. They did this at 11:00 in the morning, local time in Paraguay. It's like picking names out of a hat to see which teams will compete against each other in the games.

The team that won the match for fifth place got a chance to play in the inter-confederation play-offs.
The teams that won the semi-finals got to go to the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup and also to play football in the 2024 Summer Olympics.

The team that came third in the competition got a ticket to play in the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup. But the team that didn't do as well, they still had a chance. They had to play more matches against teams from other teams in the inter-confederation play-offs.

Tamara Alpeyeva

Tamara Alpeyeva (, birth name Tamara Lameka (); born on March 23, 1949, in Lyepyel, Vitebsk Region, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic) is a philosopher and scientist in the field of culture from Belarus. She is a Doctor of Philosophy (1993) and a Professor (1996). She is a member of the International Personnel Academy.

She studied in Belarusian State University, finishing in 1972. In the same year she went to work at the Institute of Philosophy and Law of the Academy of Sciences of the BSSR. In 1976, she moved to teach at the Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics. In 2002, she became the deputy of the head of the International Humanitarian-Economic Institute (IHEI). In August 2004, she became the head of the International Humanitarian-Economic Institute.

Her research interests are social philosophy and culture, social mythology and religious studies, the theory of education and the framework of pedagogy.

On March 22, 2011, she was put in the as the head of the International Humanitarian-Economic Institute (IHEI). Alpeyeva got a punishment by the EU for letting students go. One exaple of that was her decision to let go. The student was an activist of the campaign.


List of national libraries

A National library is established by the government of a nation to serve as the pre-eminent repository of information for that country. Some national entities which are not independent but who wish to preserve their particular culture, have established a national library with all the attributes of such institutions, such as legal deposit. Unlike public libraries, they rarely allow citizens to borrow books respectively.


Seattle Kraken

The Seattle Kraken are a professional ice hockey in Seattle. The Kraken competes in the National Hockey League (NHL) as a member of the Pacific Division in the Western Conference.

In December 2018, the NHL approved a proposal by Seattle Hockey Partners to give a hockey team franchise to the city of Seattle. 

In July 2020, the Kraken's name and logos were revealed. It is the first professional hockey team to play in Seattle since the Seattle Totems in 1975.

The Kraken's first season was the 2021-22 NHL season. They finished last place in the Pacific Division with a 27-49-6 record and 60 points.

Climate Pledge Arena

Climate Pledge Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Seattle, Washington. It is located north of downtown Seattle in Seattle Center, a multi-use development that opened for the 1962 World's Fair.

The arena, which opened with the World's Fair, reopened in October 2021 after a major rebuild that cost $1.15 billion. It is home to the Seattle Kraken, a National Hockey League (NHL) expansion team that began play in the 2021–22 season; the Seattle Storm of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA); the Seattle University Redhawks men's basketball team, and the Rat City Roller Derby league of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association. 


Saginaw Grant

Saginaw Morgan Grant (July 20, 1936 – July 27, 2021) was a Native American actor and dancer, best known for his roles in "The Lone Ranger", "The World's Fastest Indian", "Community", and "Breaking Bad". He was the Hereditary Chief of the Sac and Fox Nation. Grant was born in Pawnee, Oklahoma.

Grant died on July 27, 2021 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 85.

Vito Fossella

Vito John Fossella Jr. (born March 9, 1965) is an American politician. He became the Borough President of Staten Island in 2022. He represented New York's 13th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives for six terms, from 1997 to 2009. Fossella is a member of the Republican party.

In March 2021, Fossella announced that he was running for Borough President of Staten Island and won the Republican nomination in July. He was elected Borough president in November 2021.

Mark Levine (New York politician)

Mark D. Levine (born April 30, 1969) is an American politician and educator. Levine is the 18th Borough President of Manhattan since 2022. He was a member of the New York City Council for the 7th district from 2014 until 2022. He is a Democrat.

Levine ran as for Manhattan Borough President, having won the June 2021 primary election and eventually the general election in November.

Antonio Reynoso

Antonio Reynoso (born May 9, 1983) is an American politician and community organizer. Reynoso is the Borough President of Brooklyn since 2022. He was a member of the New York City Council for the 34th district from 2014 until 2022. He is a Democrat. 

Vanessa Gibson

Vanessa L. Gibson (born March 19, 1979) is an American politician. Gibson is the Borough President of The Bronx since 2022. She was a council member for the 16th district of the New York City Council from 2014 until 2022. She is a Democrat.

Guido Bellido

Guido Bellido Ugarte (born 7 August 1979) is a Peruvian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Peru from 29 July 2021 until 6 October 2021 during the Pedro Castillo presidency. He is also a member of the Congress of the Republic of Peru since 26 July 2021. Bellido is a member of Free Peru. He was born in Livitaca District, Peru.

On 6 October, Bellido resigned as the Presidency of the Council of Ministers, after President Castillo asked for his resignation.

Héctor Béjar

Héctor Béjar Rivera (born 2 September 1935) is a Peruvian author, academic, artist and politician. He was the minister of foreign affairs of Peru from 29 July 2021 until 17 August 2021.

On 29 July 2021, President Pedro Castillo named Béjar the new minister of foreign affairs. He resigned on 17 August 2021 amid criticism after saying that Peru's navy "had been responsible for terrorist acts" and that the CIA created the Shining Path terrorist organization.

Tawny Newsome

Tawny Newsome (born February 24, 1983) is an American musician, comedian, and actress. She is best known for playing Chelsea Leight-Leigh on "Bajillion Dollar Propertie$" and as Angela Ali in "Space Force". She co-hosts the podcast "Yo, Is This Racist?".

Hobbs' tree frog

Hobbs' tree frog ("Boana hobbsi") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, and Venezuela.

New Lenox, Illinois

New Lenox is a village in Will County, Illinois, United States. The village population was 27,214 as of 2020.

Frank Beard (musician)

Frank Lee Beard (born June 11, 1949) is an American rock musician. He is the drummer in the American rock band ZZ Top.

Before joining ZZ Top, Beard was a member of a fake version of the British band The Zombies. He was also part of The Outlaws with later ZZ Top member Dusty Hill.

Frank Beard (golfer)

Joseph Franklin Beard (born May 1, 1939) is an American former professional golfer. He was a member of the PGA Tour and Champions Tour. Beard won eleven PGA Tour events. He was born in Dallas, Texas. Beard has also worked as a golf commentator on ESPN. His career began in 1962.


Frank Beard

Frank Beard may refer to:

National Museum of Nature and Science

The National Museum of Nature and Science () is a national museum that is located in Ueno Park, Tokyo in Japan.


International Style (architecture)

The International Style or internationalism is a major architectural style that was created in the 1920s and 1930s. It is similar to modernism and modern architecture. It was first named by Museum of Modern Art curators Henry-Russell Hitchcock and Philip Johnson in 1932. 


National Museum of Western Art

The National Museum of Western Art () is a national art museum that is located in Ueno Park, Tokyo in Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of The Architectural Work of Le Corbusier.

Schindler Group

The Schindler Group is a Swiss company that makes escalators, moving walkways, and elevators worldwide. It was founded in Switzerland in 1874. 

The company is seen in more than 140 countries and hires more than 58,000 persons worldwide. 

The production facilities are located in Brazil, China, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, India and the United States.

Emporis

Emporis GmbH is a real estate data mining company with headquarters in Hamburg, Germany. The company collects and publishes data and photographs of buildings.

Ikebukuro Station

Ikebukuro Station () is a major railway station located in the Ikebukuro, Tokyo in Japan.

Schiff Hardin

Schiff Hardin LLP is a national law firm with more than 300 attorneys. There are seven offices in the United States — Ann Arbor, Chicago, Lake Forest, New York City, Newport Beach, San Francisco and Washington, D.C.. 

The firm was founded in 1864 as Hitchcock & Dupee and is one of Chicago's oldest law firms. In its early years, it represented the Chicago City Railway Company and Chicago Transit Authority.

Seyfarth Shaw

Seyfarth Shaw LLP ( ) is an international AmLaw 100 law firm based in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded in Chicago in 1945 by Henry Seyfarth, Lee Shaw, and Owen Fairweather. Seyfarth Shaw focused on labor and employment law at first. The firm’s clients include over 300 of the Fortune 500 companies.

Setagaya

Setagaya () is a special ward in Tokyo, Japan. 


Tube (structure)

In structural engineering, the tube is a system where a building is designed to act like a hollow cylinder to give it more support. This system was created by Fazlur Khan while at the architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM), in their Chicago office. 

The first example of the tube’s use is the Plaza on DeWitt, in Chicago, Illinois.

Toshima

Toshima () is a special ward in Tokyo, Japan.

Supertall building

A supertall building is a building that is higher than and beneath . It is a form of skyscraper. It falls between a common minimum definition of "skyscraper" (a building taller and a "megatall" building (taller than ).

Ping An Finance Center

The Ping An International Finance Center (also known as the Ping An IFC) () is a 115-story, supertall skyscraper in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. 

It was completed in 2017. It is the tallest building in Shenzhen, the 2nd tallest building in China and the 4th tallest building in the world.

It also broke the record of having the highest observation deck in a building at .

Setback (architecture)

A setback, in the specific sense of a step-back, is a step-like form of a wall or other building. Importantly, one or more step-backs lowers the building's center of mass, making it more stable. 

Truss

A truss is a structure that has beams, called members, across a structure such as a building or bridge to give it more support.

There are two basic types of truss:

WMAQ-TV

WMAQ-TV, virtual channel 5 is an NBC owned-and-operated television station for Chicago, Illinois, United States. The station is owned by the NBC Owned Television Stations.

WMAQ-TV and WSNS-TV share studios at the NBC Tower on North Columbus Drive in the city's Streeterville neighborhood and transmitter facilities are on top of the Willis Tower.

MetLife

MetLife, Inc. is the holding corporation for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (MLIC), better known as MetLife. MetLife is the largest global providers of insurance, annuities, and employee benefit programs, with 90 million customers in over 60 countries. The firm was founded on March 24, 1868. 

Trizec Properties

Trizec Properties, Inc., also known as TrizecHahn Corporation, was a real estate investment trust headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It was originally a Canadian company.

In 1994, it was bought by Peter Munk and in October 2006, it was bought by Brookfield Properties and The Blackstone Group.

Laminated glass

Laminated glass is a type of safety glass that holds together when glass breaks. In the event of breaking, it is held in place by an interlayer, which might be made of polyvinyl butyral (PVB), ethylene-vinyl acetate (EVA), or thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU). When broken, it caused a "spider web" crack pattern.

Liberty City Seven

The Liberty City Seven were seven members of a small Miami, Florida-based religious group who called themselves the Universal Divine Saviors. They have been called a "bizarre cult". The seven were arrested and charged with terrorism-related offenses in 2006 after a Federal Bureau of Investigation sting investigation. They called themselves as representatives of Al-Qaeda and planned to destroy the Sears Tower in Chicago. The members of the group were located in the Miami neighborhood of Liberty City. 

Ernst &amp; Young

Ernst & Young Global Limited, also known as Ernst & Young or simply EY, is a professional services network with headquarters in London, England. EY is one of the largest professional services networks in the world. It mainly gives assurance, tax, consulting and advisory services to its clients. 

Chicago (magazine)

Chicago is a monthly magazine published by Tribune Publishing. It talks about the lifestyle and stories in the city. They also review restaurants, travel, fashion, and theatre from or nearby Chicago. In 2004, there were over 165,000 made, larger than "People" in its market. Also in 2004, it received the National Magazine Award for General Excellence.

Chicago Review

Chicago Review is a literary magazine founded in 1946. It published quarterly in the Humanities Division at the University of Chicago. The magazine talks about poetry, fiction, and criticism, often works in translation and special features in double issues.

Three stories published in "Chicago Review" have won the O. Henry Award.

Dan Goodwin

Daniel Goodwin (born November 7, 1955) is an American climber. He is best known for climbing many skyscrapers such as the Sears Tower, the John Hancock Center, the World Trade Center and the CN Tower.


Suction cup

A suction cup, also known as a sucker, is an object that uses the negative fluid pressure of air or water to stick to surfaces, creating a partial vacuum.

Suction cups are inspired by the ones used by octopuses and squids.

Trespass

Trespass is an area of criminal law or tort law where someone or a group of people go into an area where people are not supposed to go to or breaking into private property.

Trespass to the person historically involved six separate trespasses: threats, assault, battery, wounding, mayhem (or maiming), and false imprisonment.

Alain Robert

Alain Robert (born Robert Alain Philippe; 7 August 1962) is a French rock climber and urban climber. He is known as "the French Spider-Man" or "the Human Spider". Robert is famous for his free solo climbing and climbing many famous skyscrapers across the world.

SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant

SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant, also known as lineage B.1.617.2, is a variant of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. It was first detected in India in late 2020. The World Health Organization (WHO) named it the Delta variant on 31 May 2021.

Fajer Al-Kaisi

Fajer Al-Kaisi (born May 7, 1979) is an Iraqi-Canadian actor.

McFarland, California

McFarland is a city in Kern County, California. It is named after James McFarland, was founded in 1909 and was incorporated in 1957.

Clinton, Connecticut

Clinton is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Colchester, Connecticut

Colchester is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States. 15,555 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Colebrook, Connecticut

Colebrook is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Columbia, Connecticut

Columbia is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Cornwall, Connecticut

Cornwall is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Valpelline, Aosta Valley

Valpelline is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Valsavarenche

Valsavarenche is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Valtournenche

Valtournenche is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy. It is named after the valley of the same name.

Verrayes

Verrayes is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Verrès

Verrès is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Villeneuve, Aosta Valley

Villeneuve is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Cantù

Cantù (; Brianzöö: ) is a city and comune in Italy. It is in the Province of Como, located at the center of the Brianza zone in Lombardy. It is the second largest city in Brianza.

The name could come from the Canturigi, a group of people in Insubria during the 6th century BC. A village was founded here by Gauls in the next century. It was captured by the Romans in 196 BC.

In the Middle Ages, the cities of Milan and Como fought over Cantù . The Sforza of Milan took control in the 15th century.

Gary Dubin

Gary Michael Dubin (May 5, 1959 - October 8, 2016) was an American television, movie and voice actor. He was best known for his portrayal of Punky Lazaar, a friend of Danny's on "The Partridge Family". He also voiced Toulouse in "The Aristocats" in 1970. He played the part of ill-fated teenager Eddie Marchant, who was eaten by the shark in "Jaws 2".

Vito Scotti

Vito Giusto Scozzari (January 26, 1918 - June 5, 1996), known professionally as Vito Scotti, was an American character actor. He played both dramatic and comedy roles many on Broadway, in films and later on television. He was mainly active between the late 1930s to the mid 1990s. He was known as a man of a thousand faces for his ability to assume so many divergent roles in more than 200 screen appearances in a career spanning 50 years and for his resourceful portrayal of various ethnic types. Born of Italian heritage, he was seen playing everything from a Mexican bandit, to a Russian doctor, to a Japanese sailor, to an Indian travel agent.

List of national airlines

A National airliners is a Airlines or a Aeroplane that is chosen by a country as a symbol or a passenger traveller for that country for international purposes.

Steinsfeld

Steinsfeld is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Unterschwaningen

Unterschwaningen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Weidenbach, Bavaria

Weidenbach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Weihenzell

Weihenzell is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Weiltingen

Weiltingen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wettringen, Bavaria

Wettringen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wieseth

Wieseth is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wilburgstetten

Wilburgstetten (East Franconian: ) is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Windelsbach

Windelsbach (East Franconian: ) is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wittelshofen

Wittelshofen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is located near the delta of the Sulzach into the Wörnitz at the foot of the Hesselberg mountains. The municipality is divided into the following parts:

The neighbour municipalities are (starting in the north clockwise):

Wörnitz

Wörnitz is a municipality in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Wörnitz, west of Ansbach.

Alzenau

Alzenau (; until 31 December 2006 officially "Alzenau i.UFr.") is a town in the north of the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany. Until 1 July 1972, Alzenau was the district seat of the now ended district of the same name and has a population of around 19,000.

Alzenau borders in the north on the communities of Rodenbach and Freigericht, in the east and southeast on the communities of Mömbris and Johannesberg, in the southwest on the community of Karlstein and in the west on the community of Kahl am Main.

Alzenau's quarters are Albstadt, Hörstein, Kälberau, Michelbach and Wasserlos.


Alzenau's town council has 24 seats.



In 1999, the following institutions existed:





Blankenbach

Blankenbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany, and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Schöllkrippen.

The community placed some 17 km from Aschaffenburg and Alzenau. Together with the communities of Kleinkahl, Krombach, Schöllkrippen, Sommerkahl, Westerngrund and Wiesen, Blankenbach forms the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Schöllkrippen in the Kahlgrund.

The council is made up of 12 council members, not counting the mayor.

Dammbach

Dammbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany, and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Mespelbrunn, whose seat is in Heimbuchenthal.

The community is in the centre of the Spessart (range), in the so-called High Spessart ("Hochspessart"). The namesake brook, the Dammbach, rises near Rohrbrunn and has many small tributaries.

As for elevation extremes, the community's lowest point is in the essential community of Neuhammer at 200 m above sea level, and the highest on the Geishöhe at 525 m.

The community of Dammbach contains several small hamlets such as Schnorrhof, Hundsrück, Heppe and Oberwintersbach.

The council is made up of 14 council members, not counting the mayor.

Cristo Rey (movie)

Cristo Rey is a 2013 Dominican Republic Haitian French romantic drama movie directed by Leticia Tonos and starring Akari Endo, Yasser Michelén, James Saintil.

Downhill Domination

Downhill Domination is a racing video game for PlayStation 2. Developed by Incognito Entertatinment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.

Groundbreaking

Groundbreaking, also known as cutting, sod-cutting, turning the first sod or a sod-turning ceremony, is a ceremony to mark the first day of building a building or other construction project. A specific person picks up a special shovel and lifts the first shovelful of dirt. Important people such as politicians and businesspeople come to groundbreaking ceremonies and often take part. The actual shovel used during the groundbreaking can be a special ceremonial shovel, sometimes colored in gold or have words carved on it so it can be shown in the actual building, in a museum or at home. In other groundbreaking ceremonies, people use a bulldozer instead of a shovel. In some groundbreaking ceremonies, both the shovel and the bulldozer are used to mark the first day of construction.

Geiselbach

Geiselbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

Geiselbach is on the Hesse-Bavaria boundary, 20 km north of Aschaffenburg and 50 km east of Frankfurt am Main.

Elevations in the community reach from 272 m above sea level at the church up to 381 m at the Ziegelberg.

The municipal area comprises 535 ha in the constituent community of Geiselbach and 415 ha in the constituent community of Omersbach.



One Way Ticket (1988 movie)

One Way Ticket () is a 1988 Dominican Republic drama movie directed by Agliberto Meléndez and starring Carlos Alfredo, Ángel Haché, Rafael Villalona, Ángel Muñiz, Víctor Checo, Félix Germán, Frank Lendor.

Glattbach

Glattbach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany. It has around 3,300 inhabitants (2020).

The community is in a valley north of Aschaffenburg on the western edge of the Spessart (range).

The council is made up of 17 council members, counting the full-time mayor.





Pat Buttram

Maxwell Emmett Buttram (June 19, 1915 - January 8, 1994) also called Pat Buttram, was an American character actor. He was famous for playing the sidekick of Gene Autry and for the character of Mr. Haney in the television series "Green Acres". He had an unusual voice that, in his own words, "never quite made it through puberty."

The Battle of the Three Kings (movie)

The Battle of the Three Kings (, , , also known as "Drums of Fire") is a 1990 Russian Spanish Italian Moroccan adventure drama movie directed by Souheil Ben-Barka and starring Massimo Ghini, Ángela Molina, F. Murray Abraham, Ugo Tognazzi, Fernando Rey, Irene Papas, Harvey Keitel, Olegar Fedoro.

United Airlines Flight 811

United Airlines Flight 811 was a regularly scheduled flight from Los Angeles, United States to Sydney, Australia, with stops at Honolulu, Hawaii and Auckland, New Zealand. On February 24, 1989, the Boeing 747-122 (registered N4713U) operating the route suffered a failure in a cargo door, resulting in an explosive decompression. The incident resulted in nine passengers dying.

The incident aircraft, N4713U, was a Boeing 747 which flew for United Airlines. The aircraft was given to United Airlines in November 1970. 

Before the incident, the aircraft flew the first part of the flight. It flew from Los Angeles, United States to Honolulu, United States.

Flight 811 took off from Honolulu at 01:52 local time, with 337 passengers on board.

Seventeen minutes after departure, as the aircraft was flying through , the flight crew heard a loud thump. About a second and a half after the thump, a cargo door opened and opened the fuselage. The resulting pressures caused 10 seats to fly off the aircraft. All eight passengers in those seats were killed, and another in a seat close to incident area.

The pilots first thought a bomb had exploded inside the aircraft. The incident happened two months after Pan Am Flight 103 was blown up over Scotland. They began to fly down in an emergency descent. The aircraft also turned towards Honolulu.

Debris from the aircraft during the explosive decompression damaged engines number 3 and 4. Engine number 3 was vibrating fast, so the pilots turned the engine off. Engine number 4 failed and was producing flames, so the pilots also turned that engine off.

As the aircraft was beginning to land, the pilots moved the flaps and landing gear out. However, the flaps could only be moved out a certain distance because of damaged caused by debris. The aircraft landed and stopped on the runway. All passengers and crew exited the aircraft in less than 45 seconds. 

No victims of the incident were found. Pieces of clothing and body parts were found in the number 3 engine, which means that at least one victim went into the engine.

Siren (video game)

The game has followed by two sequels, called "Forbidden Siren 2" and "Siren Blood Curse".

GSM

Appsheet (Global System for Mobile Communications) is a means of telecommunication produced by the European Institute (ETSI) to develop second-generation (2G) digital that is used by cellular networks used by mobile devices such as mobile phones and tablets. 
In 1991, GSM was deployed in Finland. By the mid-2010s, it became everywhere for mobile communications.

Jaffa orange

The Jaffa orange is an orange variety with few seeds. and a tough skin. Because of these features, the variety can be exported easily. It is also known by its Arabic name, Shamouti orange. Today the variety is thriving.

Palestinian farmers developed these oranges, in the mid 19th century. The oranges take their name from the city of Jaffa where they were first produced for export. Today, Jaffa is a a part of Tel Aviv. The orange was the main citrus export for the city. Together with the navel and bitter orange, it is one of three main varieties of the fruit grown in the Mediterranean, Southern Europe, and the Middle East. The "Jaffa" is also cultivated in Cyprus, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria, Jordan and Turkey.

Jaffa oranges produce very little juice.

These oranges are very cold-tolerant, allowing them to grow outside of the subtropical regions normally associated with growing oranges. 'Jaffa' oranges are affected by certain types of fungus, and are prone to biennial bearing - irregular crop.

Located between Africa, western Asia, and Europe, Palestine produced a number of commodities for export throughout the late Turkish period (1200–1900 CE). Among these were Nabulsi soap, sugar, barley, oranges, and cotton. Though cotton left its mark throughout the region, the only commodity that remains a symbol of production in Palestine is the 'Jaffa' orange.

The 'Jaffa' orange was a new variety. Arab farmers developed it, after it emerged as a mutation on a tree of the 'Baladi' variety near the city of Jaffa, in the 19th century. While the sour orange ("C. aurantium") was brought westward from China and India by local traders, who may have introduced it to Sicily and Spain, the 'Jaffa' orange was developed from the sweet orange ("C. sinensis") which was brought from China to the Mediterranean region by Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama in 1498.

After the Crimean War (1853–56), the most important innovation in local agriculture was the rapid expansion of citrus cultivation. One of the varieties often cultivated was the Jaffa (Shamouti) orange. A mention of an export of these oranges to Europe first appears in British consular reports in the 1850s. One factor cited in the growth of the export market was the development of steamships in the first half of the 19th century. These made it possible to export oranges to the European markets in days rather than weeks. Another reason for the growth of the industry was that the Europeans had less control over the cultivation of oranges compared to cotton, which used to be grown in Palestine, but was often replaced by the Jaffa orange.

Exports grew from 200,000 oranges in 1845 to 38 million oranges by 1870. Most of the citrus plantations of this time were owned by wealthy Palestinian merchants and notables. A citrus plantation required large amounts of capital, and at the start there is no yield for several years. This made it very difficult for small farmers to grow citrus fruits on a large scale. Fruits with the "Jaffa orange" label were first marketed in Sarona, a German Templer colony established in 1871. An 1872 account of Jaffa by a European traveller notes that, "Surrounding Jaffa are the orange gardens for which it is justly extolled, and which are a considerable source of wealth to the owners. The annual value of fruits grown in Jaffa was said to be 10,000 pounds." In the 1880s, an American grower, H.S. Sanford, tried to cultivate the 'Jaffa' orange in Florida.

The prosperity of the orange industry brought increased European interest and involvement in the development of 'Jaffa'. In 1902, a study of the growth of the orange industry by Zionist officials outlined the different Palestinian owners and their primary export markets as England, Turkey, Egypt and Austria-Hungary. While the traditional Arabic cultivation methods were considered "primitive," an in-depth study of the financial expenditure involved reveals that they were ultimately more cost-efficient than the Zionist-European enterprises that followed them some two decades later.

The Zionists who immigrated to Palestine introduced the advanced cultivation methods that spurred the 'Jaffa' orange industry. According to the Hope Simpson Enquiry of 1930,"The cultivation of the orange, introduced by the Arabs before the [beginning] of Jewish settlement, has developed [a lot] [as a] consequence of that settlement. There is no doubt that the pitch of perfection to which the technique of plantation and cultivation of the orange and grapefruit have been brought in Palestine is due to the scientific methods of the Jewish agriculturist."
Partnerships in growing and exporting these oranges was an example of Arab-Jewish cooperation despite rising political tensions.

At the end of 1928, Jews owned 30,000 dunams of the country's 60,000 dunams of orange orchards. Whereas before World War I, the price of a dunam of land in a fruitful orange grove was 50-75 pounds sterling, by 1929, the same groves were selling for 150-200 pounds sterling.

By 1939, Jewish-owned and Arab-owned orange orchards in Palestine covered , employed over 100,000 workers, and their produce was a primary export. During World War II (1939–1945) citrus-growing declined, but recovered after the war with the vigorous assistance of the British Mandate authorities.

Jaffa oranges are harvested in the Israeli territories and the Palestinian territories between November and March, with the marketing season beginning in September and extending through April. More than half the annual crop is exported, and Israel is a main provider of other citrus fruits to the European Union. In the 1950s and 1960s, Jaffa oranges became emblems of the Israeli state. A general decline in the importance of agriculture to the Israeli economy, extreme limits on available water resources, and the reliance on migrant workers have reduced productivity. Even though, manufacturing industries, such as diamonds and precision instruments, are more important today, Israel still exports a large number of citrus fruits to Europe.

The 'Jaffa' orange is also known for lending the city of Tel Aviv-Yafo the nickname "Big Orange".



Flag of Åland

The flag of Åland has a yellow-fimbriated red Nordic cross on a blue field.

Liar Wanted

Liar Wanted () is a 1961 Greek comedy movie directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos, Pantelis Zervos, Anna Kyriakou, Martha Karagianni, Thanasis Veggos, Periklis Christoforidis.

Feletto

Feletto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Liaodong Peninsula

Liaodong Peninsula is a peninsula in China, in the south of Liaoning. It points in the southwest direction. The largest city in the peninsula is Dalian. Many orchards are grown here.

Altopascio

Altopascio is a "comune" in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region of Tuscany. In 2017, 15,572 people lived there.

Altopascio is twinned with:

Saint-Gilles, Gard

Saint-Gilles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Gard department in south France.

The abbey of Saint-Gilles was founded during the 7th century traditionally by the hermit Saint Giles (Latin: "Ægidius").

It was the birthplace of Guy Foulques, Pope Clement IV (died 1268), whose birth house is now a museum of the archaeology, ethnology and ornithology of the Camargue.

Saint-Gilles is twinned with:

Capharnaüm

Capharnaüm is a 2018 Lebanese drama movie directed by Nadine Labaki (who also stars) and also starring Zain Al Rafeea, Yordanos Shiferaw, Boluwatife Treasure Bankole, Kawthar Al Haddad, Fadi Kamel Youssef. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2019.


Shell shock

In World War I, many soldiers had psychological problems. These kinds of problems are known as post-traumatic stress disorder (or PTSD) today. The term post-traumatic stress disorder is relatively new. At the time, people such as Charles Samuel Myers called this condition shell shock. Shell shock is a reaction to bombardment and fighting. Soldiers who were affected often felt helpless. Very often they panicked, were scared, and tried to flee. They were also unable to reason, sleep, walk or talk.

During the War, people did not agree on what exactly shell shock was. Some people interpreted it as a physical or psychological injury, others said it was a lack of morale. In 2021, the Department of Veterans Affairs still used the term "shell shock" to describe certain parts of PTSD. In most cases, the term is no longer used, except for very specific injuries which occurred during the war.

From World War II onwards, people were no longer diagnosed with "shell shock": The new term used was combat stress reaction: this is a similar but not identical response to the trauma of warfare and bombardment.
As outlined, the term shell shocked is used in the context of World War I, to describe early cases of what is called PTSD today. As it is a reaction to the detonation of high-impact explosives, it also has modern uses. 

When they were in Iraq and Afghanistan, approximately 380,000 U.S. troops, about 19% of those deployed, were estimated to have sustained brain injuries from explosive weapons and devices. This prompted the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to open up a $10 million study of the blast effects on the human brain. The study revealed that, while the brain remains initially intact immediately after low level blast effects, the chronic inflammation afterwards is what ultimately leads to many cases of shell shock and PTSD.




Barro Branco tree frog

The Barro Branco tree frog ("Boana secedens") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the town of Barro Branco.

None, Piedmont

None is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Fenestrelle

Fenestrelle is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Antdorf

Antdorf is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Bernbeuren

Bernbeuren is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Meitei currency

The Meitei currency for most of the history of Manipur consisted of gold, silver, bronze and copper coinage.
From the earliest history of the coinage in the Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak), during the 1st century CE, well into the modern times, Meitei currency saw many changes in form,
denomination and composition. A persistent feature was the inflationary debasement and the replacement of coins over the centuries. Notable examples include the reforms of King Pamheiba (). This trend continued into modern times.
There are many archeological sites excavated in Manipur from where many ancient coins were found, among which Nachou is one of the most significant places.
There were two kinds of coins issued in Ancient Manipur right from the time of the onset of marketing, which are "semkhai" and "sen". These are generally crafted out of bronze. Two "semkhai"s equals to one "sen".
The earliest known coinage was issued by during the reign of Emperor Ura Konthouba in the 7th century CE in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). Some historians strongly opined that the oldest known coins were circulated from the 1st century CE during the reign of Emperor Nongda Lairen Pakhangba in Ancient Manipur. It is evident that bronze coins dating back to 568 AD to 658 AD were found inscribed with letters of archaic Meitei script.

It is evident from the coins discovered that there was a good deal of literary activity taken place during the reign of King Kyamba. The Cheitharol Kumbaba recorded that King Khagemba issued coins along with which there was all round progress in the kingdom. In the Sana Keithel (Royal Market), there was a custom in which the king threw bell metal coins amidst the public as familiar gestures of goodwill and responsibility for public welfare. In the beginning, kings had to abandon the plan to issue copper coins when the women traders refused to accept them.
The coins issued before the reign of King Pamheiba () depicted legends in the archaic Meetei script. For the first time in the history of Manipur's numismatics, Garibaniwaja introduced the Nagari script in depicting the legends. The tradition of depicting Bengali script and Nagari script in the coins was followed by the succeeding rulers of later times.
Many of the coins, issued in between seventeenth and nineteenth century AD, bear Sanskrit legends in Devanagari script. On special occasions, coins were distributed among the crowds with a grand possession of the royalty.

On special occasions, coins were distributed among the crowds with a grand possession of the royalty.
In the Northeast India, only Manipur struck low denomination coins that were useful for market trading. When Manipur came under the Indian Union, the Indian currency came into use.

The Senjam and the Aheibam families were engaged for making coins under the supervision of the institution of the maibas. The populace often learned about of a new ruler when coins appeared with the new ruler's name. For example, Ura Konthouba (Wura Konthouba) issued coins bearing the Meetei letter "ꯋ" ("wa") denoting his name.

The senior most/chief male family members (pibas) used coins in the names of God Sanamahi and Goddess Leimarel and regularly perform rites and rituals in the Sanamahi Kachin (Lainingthou Kachin).
During the Laiching Jagoi, an ancient dance performance in the Lai Haraoba festival, the senior most maiba has to throw a "konyai" (gold or silver coin) and rice into the water to invoke a deity. The art of fortune telling consists of throwing the coins on the floor and reading its results by the maibas and the maibis.



Beating retreat

The Beating Retreat is a ceremony performed by armies and other military groups. It began in England during the 1600s. At first, people used it to tell soldiers on patrol that it was time to go back to the castle.

The Indian Border Security Force and Pakistani Pakistan Rangers use the beating retreat for the Wagah border closing every day. They started doing this in 1959. Michael Palin videoed it for one of his television programmes. He said it was "carefully choreographed contempt".

Front, Piedmont

Front is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Fiano, Piedmont

Fiano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Fiorano Canavese

Fiorano Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Foglizzo

Foglizzo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Nuyorican

Nuyorican are people of Puerto Rican birth or heritage who live in New York City. The word "Nuyorican" is a mixture of the terms “New York" and "Puerto Rican”. 

The Nuyorican Movement is a cultural movement of literature, art, and music. It celebrates Nuyorican poetry, art, music, dance, food, and festivities. It affirms Afro-Caribbean and indigenous Caribbean identities. Artistic themes include the power of creativity, poverty, hope, resilience, and protest.

The Puerto Rican Day Parade celebrates Nuyorican people every spring at 5th Avenue in New York City. Many Nuyoricans proudly call themselves "Boricua".


Bill Thompson (voice actor)

William H. Thompson (July 8, 1913 - July 15, 1971) was an American radio personality and voice actor. His career stretched from the 1930s until his death. He was a featured comedian playing multiple roles on the "Fibber McGee and Molly" radio series. He was the voice of Droopy in most of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio theatrical cartoons from 1943 to 1958.

Pete George

Peter T. George (June 29, 1929 – July 28, 2021) was an American weightlifter. He was later an assistant professor of stomatology. He was born in Akron, Ohio.

George won a gold medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was the first Bulgarian-American to win Olympic gold. George also won two silver medals at the 1948 and at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

George died on July 28, 2021 at the age of 92.

Cabinet of Japan

The is the executive branch of the government of Japan. 

The members of the current cabinet of Japan headed by the Liberal Democratic Party lawmaker Yoshihide Suga as of 23 June 2021 are as follows.


List of mosques

A National mosque are Mosques that represent the Cultural Identity of Muslim-Majority countries and the image of the same country or a particular Islamic nation respectively.


Robie Lester

Robie Lester (March 23, 1925 – June 14, 2005) was an American voice actress, singer, actress and author, best known as the voice of "Miss Jessica" in the Rankin/Bass animated special "Santa Claus is Comin' to Town", the singing voice of Eva Gabor in Disney's "The Aristocats" and "The Rescuers" and as the original "Disneyland Story Reader" for Walt Disney Records read-alongs.

Pointing devices

The graphical user interfaces (GUIs) in use today require some kind of device for positioning the on-screen cursor. Typical pointing devices are: mouse, trackball, touch pad, track point graphics, joystick and touch screen.

Pointing devices, such as a mouse, connected to the PC via a serial ports (old), PS/2 mouse port (newer), or USB port (newest). Older Macs used ADB to connect their mice, but all recent Macs use USB (usually to a USB port right on the USB keyboard).

Goldbach, Bavaria

Goldbach is a market community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

The council is made up of 24 council members, not counting the mayor.


Großostheim

Großostheim (or "Grossostheim") is a market town in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany. The inhabitants call themselves "Aistmer" ("ostheimers").

Großostheim is on the northeast edge of the Odenwald in the Bavarian Lower Main ("Bayerischer Untermain") region.

Großostheim's "Ortsteile" are Großostheim, Pflaumheim, Wenigumstadt and Ringheim.

Clockwise from the north, these are the community of Stockstadt, the district-free town of Aschaffenburg, the community of Niedernberg, the community of Mömlingen (both in Miltenberg district) and the community of Schaafheim (Darmstadt-Dieburg).

Together with Stockstadt am Main and the neighbouring Hessian community of Schaafheim, the market community forms the historic Bachgau region.

Within the municipal area lived 12,788 inhabitants in 1970, 13,514 in 1987, 15,913 in 2000 and 16,299 in 2004.

The mayor is Herbert Jakob (CSU), elected in April 2014 and re-elected in 2020.

The income from municipal taxes in 1999 amounted to €9,751,000 (converted) of which net intake from business taxes amounted to €3,180,000.

There are the following institutions (as at 2007):





Haibach, Lower Franconia

Haibach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany. It has a population of around 8,300.

The community is east-south-east of the town of Aschaffenburg on the western edge of the Spessart (range) between the town and the hills' well-known landmark Mespelbrunn Castle. The highest elevations in the municipal area are the "Findberg" and the "Buchberg". They reach some 330 m above NHN. Haibach is in the Spessart Nature Park ("Naturpark Spessart")

Haibach's "Ortsteile" are Haibach, Grünmorsbach and Dörrmorsbach.

The climate is moderate and warm ("Bayerisch Nizza", or "Bavarian Nice"). Haibach represents a meteorological divide between the Main Plain and the High Spessart.

There are three Catholic churches in the community:

There is also one Protestant church:

In Haibach are found, among others, the head office of the Adler chain of clothing shops, the German headquarters of Macrovision Corporation and the European headquarters of Renzi AG.

Since 2006, Andreas Zenglein (CSU) has been Haibach's mayor.

The council is made up of 20 council members, counting the mayor.





Garzigliana

Garzigliana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Germagnano

Germagnano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Giaglione

Giaglione is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is on the border with France.

Giaglione is twinned with:

Bramans

Bramans is a former commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val-Cenis.

Bramans is twinned with:

Bulgarograsso

Bulgarograsso is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Guanzate

Guanzate is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como. As of 31 December 2004, 5,290 people lived there. It has an area of 6.9 km².

Guanzate is next to these municipalities: Appiano Gentile, Bulgarograsso, Cadorago, Cassina Rizzardi, Cirimido, Fenegrò, Fino Mornasco, Lomazzo, Veniano.


Cadorago

Cadorago is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como. As of 30 September 2017, 7,953 people lived there. It has an area of 7.19 km².

Cadorago is next to these municipalities: Bregnano, Fino Mornasco, Guanzate, Lomazzo, Vertemate con Minoprio.


Bregnano

Bregnano is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about south of Como. As of 31 March 2017, 6,466 people lived there. It has an area of 6.2 km².

Bregnano is next to these municipalities: Cadorago, Cermenate, Lazzate, Lomazzo, Rovellasca.

It has three churches called San Michele, San Giorgio and Santi Ippolito e Cassiano.


George Hudson

George Hudson (1800–71) was the most important railway promoter of his time. 

Called the "railway king" of Britain, Hudson amalgamated (brought together) short lines and set up a "Clearing House" in 1842. This designed uniform paperwork and standardized methods for fares. Passengers and freight were included, and part of their journey might be on canals. Hudson designed company and line amalgamations. 

His activities helped to bring about a more modern railway network. In 1849 he exercised effective control over nearly 30% of the rail track then operating in Britain. Financial malpractice eventually forced him out of office.

Givoletto

Givoletto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Gravere

Gravere is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Susa, Piedmont

Susa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Euston bus station

Euston bus station stores buses that carry people around the Euston area of Camden in London. The station, as it is in London, is owned and fixed up by Transport for London.

Candy Candido

Jonathan Joseph "Candy" Candido (December 25, 1913 - May 19, 1999) was an American bass player, radio performer, and voice actor. He was best remembered for his famous line "I'm feeling mighty low". Born Jonathan Joseph Candido on Christmas Day in 1913 in New Orleans, Louisiana, Candido, who later used the legal name John B. Candido, was a bassist and vocalist in Ted Fio Rito's big band, and they can be seen in a Soundie, "Ma, He's Making Eyes at Me". In 1933, he married Anita Bivona.


Grosso

Grosso is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Nole

Nole is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Made in U.S.A (1966 movie)

Made in U.S.A is a 1966 French crime comedy movie directed by Jean-Luc Godard and was based on the novels "The Big Sleep" by Raymond Chandler and "The Judder" by Donald E. Westlake. It stars Anna Karina, Ernest Menzer, László Szabó, Jean-Pierre Léaud, Kyôto Kosaka, Yves Afonso, Jean-Claude Bouillon.


Bruce Reitherman

Bruce Reitherman (born September 15, 1955) is an American filmmaker and former child actor. Born in Burbank, California, Reitherman is the son of German American Disney animator Wolfgang Reitherman and Janie Marie McMillan and provided the voices of Mowgli in "The Jungle Book" and Christopher Robin in "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree".


2016 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania

The 2016 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on November 8, 2016, as part of the 2016 United States presidential election. Pennsylvania has 20 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

Obama won the state in 2012 by a margin of 5.38%. However, Trump was able to get back the state, winning it by a 0.72% margin.

Westphalian

Westphalian may refer to:


National monument

A national monument is a monument constructed in order to commemorate something of importance to national heritage. The term may also refer to a specific monument status, such as a national heritage site, by reason of their cultural importance rather than age respectively.

National monument status is usually granted to colossal symbols of national identity.


National stadium

Many countries have a national sport stadium, which typically serves as the primary or exclusive home for one or more of a country's national representative sports teams. The term is most often used in reference to an association football stadium. 

Karan Singh Grover

Karan Singh Grover (born 23 February 1982), also known by the initialism KSG is an Indian model and actor. He is known for his work in Indian television series such as Dill Mill Gayye and Qubool Hai. He has also starred in the Indian films Alone and Hate Story 3.


Corpse Party (movie)

The movie has followed by sequel, "Corpse Party: Book of Shadows" in 2016.

Cagua tree frog

The Cagua tree frog ("Boana alemani") is a frog that lives in Venezuela.

Mayank Anand

Mayank Anand is an Indian actor. He is best known for playing the character of Dr. Rahul in the television series "Dill Mill Gayye".

Mayank's most popular role to date was Dr. Rahul Garewal in "Dill Mill Gayye" on STAR One opposite Drashti Dhami.

He married film and television actress Shraddha Nigam in December 2012. They have since launched a fashion label together at the Lakme Fashion Week.



Titus Livius

Titus Livius (; 64/59 BC – AD 12/17), was a Roman historian. Today, he is best known for his work Ab Urbe Condita ("From the foundation of the city [of Rome]). "In it, he tells the history of Rome from the foundation of the city (753 BC) to the year 9 BC. Livius was born probably in 59 BC in the city that is now called Padua. He died there in either 12 AD or 17 AD. In English, he is also known as Livy. Unlike other historians of the time, Livius was not active in politics. 

About a quarter of "Ab Urbe Condita" is known exactly. The rest is lost, but for some parts, it is known what they contained (because other people summarized his works). 

When citing his works, his name is usually shortened to Liv. 

Kii Peninsula

The Kii Peninsula () is the largest peninsula on the island of Honshū in Japan.

Saulxures-sur-Moselotte

Saulxures-sur-Moselotte is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Gigantophis

Gigantophis garstini was an extinct giant snake. Before the Paleocene constrictor genus "Titanoboa" was described from Colombia in 2009, "Gigantophis" was the largest snake ever recorded. "Gigantophis" lived about 40 million years ago during the Eocene, in the Paratethys Sea. This was in what is now the northern Sahara, where Egypt and Algeria are now.

Saint-Aubin-de-Scellon

Saint-Aubin-de-Scellon is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Cloak &amp; Dagger (1984 movie)

Cloak & Dagger is a 1984 American spy family adventure movie directed by Richard Franklin and is the third version of the short story "The Boy Cried Murder" by Cornell Woolrich. It was first filmed as "The Window" in 1949. It stars Henry Thomas, Dabney Coleman, Michael Murphy, Jeanette Nolan, Christina Nigra, John McIntire, Eloy Casados, Tim Rossovich and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Santa Maria Maggiore

Santa Maria Maggiore is a church in Rome, Italy. It is also called Santa Maria della Neve, Santa Maria ad praesepe, or Basilica Liberii. It is located near the main railway station, Roma Termini. There are over 40 churches dedicated to Mary in Rome. Santa Maria Maggiore is the most important of these. The church was built in the 5th century. It is a basilica major.

Nadia Boulanger

Juliette Nadia Boulanger (; 16 September 188722 October 1979) was a French music teacher and conductor. She taught many of the leading composers and musicians of the 20th century, and also performed occasionally as a pianist and organist.

She grew up in a musical family. Her first success was when she was at the Conservatoire de Paris. She believed, that she had no talent as a composer, she gave up that path. She became a teacher instead. As a teacher, she had a large influence on many young copmosers of the 20th century. Most of them were from the United States and other English-speaking countries. Among her students were people who later became important composers, soloists, arrangers and conductors. Some of them were Grażyna Bacewicz, Burt Bacharach, Daniel Barenboim, Lennox Berkeley, İdil Biret, Elliott Carter, Aaron Copland, John Eliot Gardiner, Philip Glass, Roy Harris, Quincy Jones, Dinu Lipatti, Igor Markevitch, Astor Piazzolla, and Virgil Thomson.

Boulanger taught in the US and England. She worked with music academies including the Juilliard School, the Yehudi Menuhin School, the Longy School, the Royal College of Music and the Royal Academy of Music. For most of her life, she was in her family's flat in Paris, where she taught for most of the seven decades from the start of her career until her death at the age of 92.

Boulanger was the first woman to conduct many major orchestras in America and Europe, including the BBC Symphony, Boston Symphony, Hallé, and Philadelphia orchestras. She conducted several world premieres, including works by Copland and Stravinsky.




Boana icamiaba

Boana icamiaba is a frog that lives in Brazil.

National hero

The title of Hero is presented by various governments in recognition of acts of self-sacrifice to the state, and great achievements in combat or labour.


The Morning (Boccioni)

The Morning (also known as Il Mattino) is a 20th-century portrait painted in oil by Umberto Boccioni, made around 1909-1910, during the Futurism in Milano, Italy, exhibited at the Museum Gallerie di Piazza Scala of Milano.

The work was created by Boccioni in his apartment in Via Adige at number 23 in Milan, observing the door area Porta Romana - Vigentina-Via Ripamonti, near the Museum Fondazione Prada . Today the neighborhood is identified with innovative luxury fashion and art.



Mater (Boccioni)

Mater (also known as Materia) is a 20th-century portrait painted in oil by Umberto Boccioni, made around 1912-1913, during the Futurism in Milano, Italy, exhibited at the Peggy Guggenheim Collection.

Materia is clearly a full-length portrait of the artist's mother, the main subject of numerous canvases he made, as in the case of the mother with crochet from 1907.
The mother in the painting is portrayed sitting in her house frontally, so as to turn her back to a balcony overlooking the urban landscape behind Porta Romana in Milan.
This compositional choice serves to merge in a single "simultaneous vision" the optical perception of two distinct subjects, the metropolitan environment seen from Via Adige (Via Ripamonti) in Milan and the artist's mother.
The hands of the mother figure are represented crossed and gigantic and constitute the focus of the portrait.
The urban scenario of the Fondazione Prada district in Via Ripamonti appears as a space perfectly integrated with the human figure, the profiles of the houses are represented as generating nuclei of wide beams of transparent blue light, which illuminate the "mother" from above.
Typical of this painting is the energy that is formed thanks to the colors used, an energy that goes in every direction as is typical of the current it belongs to, the Futurism.



Naothingkhong

Meidingu Hongnemyoi Khunjao Naothingkhong () was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the successor of Ura Konthouba and the predecessor of Khongtekcha. He ran away from the Kangla at the age of about 10 or 12 years and went to live along the Shelloi Langmais in the Nongmaiching Hill in the eastern Manipur. He was mad in love with Pitang-nga, a Langmai girl and married her. They lived in her parents' house. This is the first reference to the matrilocal residence in the history of Manipuri ethnicity. According to ancient sources, he has six wives from different clan principalities of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). In fact, he has nine total wives, out of which three are childless. So, in general cases, it is regarded as he has six wives. He married Princess Ewanglon Namun Chaobee after engagement. Luwang Ningthou Punshiba of Luwang dynasty gave training of state craft and the art of governance to Naothingkhong when he was a prince. Besides, the great grandson of Luwang Ningthou Punshiba (from his first wife) got married to Naothingkhong's daughter.

The Naothingkhong Phambal Kaba (), a literary work, narrates his life story of how he ascended the throne. He defeated Mangang Konkhuchaa Atengba, the chief of Mangang tribe, after which the Mangangs merged into the Ningthoujas. He is one of the nine kings associated with the design of a historic flag. The Meitei family Lourembam of the Ningthouja dynasty branch appeared during the reign of Naothingkhong.


Porta Romana (Boccioni)

The Porta Romana (also known as Workshop of Porta Romana in Milano) is a 20th-century portrait painted in oil by Umberto Boccioni, made around 1909-1910 in Milan in Via Adige, near Porta Vigentina, during the Futurism in Milano, Italy, exhibited at the Gallerie di Piazza Scala.

The work is created by Boccioni in his apartment in Via Adige at number 23 in Milan, near the door Porta Romana - Vigentina, near the Museum Fondazione Prada, while looking from the window. Today the neighborhood is identified with innovative luxury fashion and art.
The Palazzo displays a plaque in memory of the painter Boccioni on the outside.

Today these urban area is the youngest and most innovative in Milan and can be compared to the Upper East Side of New York.

Boccioni was inspired by his window from which he also created the work The Street Enters the House and Mater.




The Street Enters the House (Boccioni)

The Street Enters the House ("La Strada Entra Nella Casa") is an oil on canvas painting by Italian artist Umberto Boccioni. Painted in the Futurist style, the work centres on a woman on a balcony in front of a busy street, with the sounds of the activity below portrayed as a riot of shapes and colours.

The first public display of the painting was in Paris, in 1912, as part of the first Futurist exhibition. It is now housed in the Sprengel Museum in Hanover, Germany.

Boccioni was one of the founding members of the Futurist movement. Until 1910, the group concentrated primarily on capturing "emotion and multiple states of mind" using techniques derived from Neoimpressionism style (for example, Severini's "The Black Cat" or "The Obsessive Dancer"). After hearing second-hand reports of the innovations of Picasso and Braque, Boccioni and his compatriots adapted their technique to match, incorporating angular lines and intersecting planes as a way of capturing multiple viewpoints in a two-dimensional image. While this was going on, there was a corresponding shift in "what" the group was attempting to capture as well. They began to focus more heavily on the physical and the external rather than the emotional and internal.

In 1910, Boccioni began a series of works based on modern urbanism. The first, "The City Rises", described the construction of a new city and the sights and sounds of men and horses at work. He described it as a "great synthesis of labour, light, and movement." His later works, such as "The Forces of the Street", "The Street Enters the House", "Simultaneity of Vision", and "Street-pavers" and "A Study of a Woman Among Buildings "were elaborations on the same theme.

The central figure of "The Street Enters the House "is a woman dressed in blue and white, viewed from behind and above. She looks over her balcony at a busy street scene, a riot of colours, lines, and angles. On the road in front of her, workers lift poles to form the walls of a new building, surrounded by a pile of bricks. On every side of this construction, white and blue houses lean into the street. Two of the balconies are occupied by other figures peering down into the road. A line of horses flies past the foreground.

The identity of the woman in "The Street Enters the House" is the subject of some debate. While several scholars postulate that she was an entirely imagined character, Boccioni had a history of employing the women of his family as models. This has led some to the conclusion that the figure is Boccioni's mother, and use the depiction in "The Street Enters the House" as evidence of Boccioni's changing view of women in general and mothers in particular.

The painting in general showcases Boccioni's evolution from a Neoimpressionist style to one more aligned with the ideals of Cubism, and the catalog description for the piece demonstrates his increasing fascination with scientific terminology. It includes lines such as "The principles of Roentgen rays is applied to the work, allowing the personages to be studied from all sides, objects both at the front and the back are in the painter's memory." Boccioni experiments with Cubist techniques as a way of keeping elements in both the foreground and background "rushing into the window at the same time" He also weaves in references to his earlier works. See for example, the visual pun of the horse's appearance on the woman's buttock when compared with a line from his earlier Manifesto: "How often have we seen upon the cheek of the person with whom we are talking the horse which passes at the end of the street."

"The Street Enters The House" was completed after Boccioni's return from Paris in November 1911. Its first public display was at the Bernheim-Jeune gallery in Paris as part of the first Futurist exhibition. The exhibition featured works by Boccioni, Carrà, and Severini, among others. It remained at Bernheim-Jeune from 5 to 24 February 1912, before moving on to Herwarth Walden's Sturm Gallery in Berlin, and finally to the Sackville Gallery in London. The painting, along with several others, was purchased by Albert Borchardt in 1913, who later donated it to the Sprengel Museum in Hanover, Germany, where it remains.


The City Rises

The City Rises (La città che sale) (1910) is a painting by the Italian painter Umberto Boccioni. It was his first major Futurist work.

The original title of the painting was Il lavoro ("Work"), as it appeared at the "Mostra d'arte libera" (Exhibition of free art) in Milan in 1911. Though realistic elements are present, such as the building, and the space is still rendered through perspective, this painting is considered the first true futurist work by Umberto Boccioni, even though it is not markedly different from his several previous works centered on suburbs. In this painting the naturalistic vision of the previous works is partly abandoned, replaced by a more dynamic vision.

Buildings in construction in a suburb can be seen with chimneys in the upper part, but most of the space is occupied by men and horses, melted together in a dynamic effort. Boccioni thus emphasizes some of the most typical elements of futurism, the exaltation of human work and the importance of the modern town, built around modern necessities.
The painting portrays the construction of a new city with developments and technology. Suburbs, and the urban environment in general, formed the basis of many of Boccioni's paintings, from the capture of the staccato sounds of construction in "The Street-Pavers" to the riot of sound and colour offered to the observer of street scenes, as typified by "The Street Enters the House".

In 1912, the picture was bought by the musician Ferruccio Busoni during the travelling futurist art exposition in Europe. It has been exhibited in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City as part of their permanent collection.


Polsat Box

Polsat Box is the company of Cyfrowy Polsat's digital satellite television services. It replaced the company name identical to platform name in August 2021.

On December 5, the third platform in Poland was launched - "Polsat 2 Cyfrowy". Initially, the platform offered 10 Polish-language stations, which included: Polsat, Polsat 2, TVP1, TVP2, Polsat's thematic channels and a dozen foreign-language stations. During this period, Polsat 2 Cyfrowy advertised itself as "the only digital platform without a subscription".

A new Polsat set-top box was launched - Samsung DSR 7000, and the Open TV software was also launched.

In February, a mandatory subscription was introduced, in the same month a movie channel - Filmax was launched, Portal ITV was launched in set-top boxes, and the name of the platform was changed to Polsat Cyfrowy.

Another decoder was introduced - the Thomson DSI30OP.

On June 13, Polsat Cyfrowy changed its name to Cyfrowy Polsat.

Cyfrowy Polsat commissioned Echostar to produce set-top boxes for the platform, Polsat Zdrowie i Uroda launched the same year.

On October 4, Cyfrowy Polsat modified the logotype of the platform.

On May 6, Cyfrowy Polsat debuts on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. On June 30, the company's mobile telephony service was launched under the company's brand. In July, the company had nearly 10,000 points of sale throughout Poland and enabled the use of prepaid and postpaid services of the Rodzinna Telefonia Komórkowa Cyfrowego Polsatu. In mid-this same year, the platform was the third in Poland (after n and Cyfra+) to start selling set-top boxes with a hard disk and a "freeze" function ("freeze frame"), which made it possible to stop the program being watched at any time and play it at a later date.

On November 30, two new services were launched: wireless internet and VOD Domowa Wypożyczalnia Filmowa, which allows subscribers paid access to popular movies, available on specific positions of the set-top box (items from 201 to 213).

In November, Cyfrowy Polsat announced that it was buying 100% of the shares of Telewizja Polsat. 2010 also saw the finalization of the purchase of M.Punkt Holdings Ltd., the owner of a distributor of mobile telephony services. In this same year, the company launches the HSPA+ broadband Internet access service and introduces the first HD set-top box of its own production to the market. Until then, a million set-top boxes had been produced in the Cyfrowy Polsat factory.

Cyfrowy Polsat starts selling LTE services, and the platform's offer is expanded to include Multiroom HD and catch-up TV services.

Cyfrowy Polsat buys 100% of shares in Redefine, the creator of the IPLA online video service and the muzo music service. This year, a new service is launched - "MOBILNA TV" - operating in digital terrestrial television (DVB-T) technology. LTE Internet speeds up to 150 Mb/s, and its availability is growing - at the beginning of 2013, every second inhabitant of Poland is within the range of the service.

On April 30, Polsat Group donated 200,000 to Polish hospitals. tests for coronavirus worth PLN 16 million.

On September 8, Cyfrowy Polsat changed the bundling of satellite TV and IPTV. It was critically received by Internet users.

On August 2, Cyfrowy Polsat changed its logotype and introduced the name Polsat Box.


Chūshingura

Chūshingura is a famous Japanese play about Akō incident. This story is played in bunraku, kabuki, many movies. 

Yakusha-e

Yakusha-e is a subgenre of ukiyo-e. This is about depiction of Kabuki actors with makeup of their famous roles on woodblock prints. 

Ukiyo-e 

Terry Cooper (footballer, born 1944)

Terence Cooper (12 July 1944 – 31 July 2021) was an English football player and manager. He was born in Brotherton, West Riding of Yorkshire. He made twenty appearances for the England national team between 1969 until 1974. He also played for Leeds United and Middlesbrough. Cooper also managed Bristol City.

Cooper died on 31 July 2021 at the age of 77.

Parliament of Morocco

The Parliament of Morocco (; ; ) is the bicameral legislature located in Rabat, the capital of Morocco.

Since 1996, the national legislature has become bicameral and has two parliamentary chambers:

House of Representatives (Morocco)

The House of Representatives ( ; ; ) is one of the two chambers of the Moroccan Parliament. The House of Representatives has 395 members elected for five-year terms.

House of Councillors (Morocco)

The House of Councillors ( ; ; ) is the upper house of the Parliament of Morocco and has 120 members, elected for a six-year term.

Omar Jazouli

Omar Jazouli (1946 – 1 August 2021) was a Moroccan politician. In 1977, he was elected the Parliament of Morocco. He became mayor of Marrakesh in 2003. He lost his mayoral re-election in 2009 by 35 votes.

Jazouli died on 1 August 2021 in Marrakesh of COVID-19, aged 75.

Tōshūsai Sharaku

Tōshūsai Sharaku (active period - 1794 - 1795) was a Japanese ukiyo-e print designer. He depicted the Kabuki actors on woodblock prints. The dates of his birth and his death are not known. His works consist of fewer than 160 prints, chiefly of actors. They are very dynamic, with unflattering details. He became popular when his works appeared in Europe.

After 1795 Sharaku quit his career and suddenly disappeared. Nodoby knows the exact circumstances.

Sharaku characters have facial expression. Sharaku focused on the actor's psychology. 

Tooth Fairy (2010 movie)

Tooth Fairy is a 2010 American Canadian fantasy-comedy movie directed by Michael Lembeck and starring Dwayne Johnson, Ashley Judd, Julie Andrews, Stephen Merchant, Ryan Sheckler, Billy Crystal. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.



Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018 was the sixteenth edition of the contest. It took place at the Minsk-Arena, Minsk, Belarus on 25 November 2018, Belarusian broadcaster Belarusian Television and Radio Company (BTRC) was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""#LightUp"".

On 9 August 2017, it was confirmed that sixteen countries would take part in the contest. Israel was given permission to participate as they had won the adult contest earlier that year.

Despite withdrawing from the contest on 2 July 2018 due to financial difficulties, Ukraine were added to the list of participating countries on 2 August 2018, setting a record of 20 participating countries.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received from each country's professional juries.

Ugo Natoli

Ugo Natoli (Messina, 9 February 1915 - Rome, 13 November 1992) was a member of Italy's Consiglio Superiore della Magistratura (CSM). He was also a university professor and lawyer.

Brother of Aldo Natoli and Glauco Natoli, he was full professor of labor law. He was a former partisan hero and collaborator of Palmiro Togliatti in the Ministry of Justice.

Natoli è stato componente del primo Consiglio superiore della magistratura, and promoter of the association of magistrates and jurists "Democratic jurists".

He learned from Salvatore Pugliatti, full professor, he is credited with having observed that the programmatic rules contained in the Constitution represent "the definitive criterion for evaluating the legitimacy of all the activity expressed by the activity of the State".

After having taught for a long time at the faculty of law of the University of Messina, he was holder of the chair of civil law at the faculty of jurisprudence of the University of Pisa, and for a long time dean and director of the Institute of private law of the same faculty, which was named after his death.

Founder of the Legal Journal of Labor and Social Security, he collaborated with his students Lina Bigliazzi Geri, Umberto Breccia and Francesco Donato Busnelli in the series of civil law of the UTET publishing house.



Yulimar Rojas

Yulimar Andrea Rojas Rodríguez (also known as Yolimar Rojas; born 21 October 1995) is a Venezuelan athlete. She was born in Caracas, Venezuela. She holds the women's triple jump world records: her personal best of 15.67m, the world record, was set in Tokyo, Japan, on 1 August 2021. 

Rojas won an Olympic gold medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

She also holds the indoor world record of 15.43m, which she set in Madrid, Spain, on 22 February 2020.

2021 Turkey wildfires

The 2021 Turkish wildfires were over a hundred wildfires, mostly in southern Turkey. The wildfires started in Manavgat, Antalya on 28 July 2021. On 30 July 2021 there were wildfires in 17 provinces, including Adana, Osmaniye, Mersin and Kayseri. The fires stopped on 12 August.

Ivan Graanoogst

Ivan Graanoogst is a Surinamese soldier and politician. He was the acting military ruler of Suriname from 24 December 1990 to 29 December 1990, after a military coup that removed the democratic government of President Ramsewak Shankar from power.

Basilica major

Basilica major is a title for the highest-ranking Roman Catholic churches. The other churches which have basilica in their name are basilica minores (one of them is a basilica minor). The first document mentioning the name basilica major is from 1727. There are the following Basilicae maojres in Rome:


Except for St.Peter's basilica, which is in Vatican City, all are extraterritorial possessions of the Holy See.

Grugliasco

Grugliasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ingria, Piedmont

Ingria is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Hero Elementary

Hero Elementary is a Canadian children's television series produced for PBS Kids by Portfolio Entertainment The characters go to a school where they learn to be superheroes. The show teaches children about science. season 2 will premiere Summer 2024 but most likely that the Wiki fandom says it will be on very soon in 2025.



Season 2 will premeire in Summer 2024 & Consists Of 26 Episodes. just maybe the Wiki fandom Says it will be on soon on PBS Kids in 2025.

Isolabella

Isolabella is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

La Cassa

La Cassa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Twilight at Porta Romana

Twilight at Porta Romana or Crepuscolo a Porta Romana is a work of art painted in oil on canvas (90x120 cm) by Umberto Boccioni, painted in 1909 in his studio in Via Adige, near Porta Vigentina-Via Ripamonti in Milan.

The painting shows how well Boccioni knew the land near Porta Romana in Milan and the way it was changing over time. He had already started doing this with "Officine a Porta Romana".



La Loggia

La Loggia is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Basilica minor

Basilica minor is a title given to important church buildings of the Roman Catholic Church. Popes have given the title to churches since the 18th century. Many churches that are important for pilgrimage are basilicae minores. The name is in contrast to the four basilicae majores in or around Rome.

Megan Dahle

Megan Dahle is an American politician from California. She is the California State Assemblywoman for the 1st district. She was elected to the state assembly in a special election in 2019. Dahle is a member of the Republican Party.

Dahle and her husband Brian are wheat farmers. She has three children. She was the co-owner of Big Valley Nursery in Bieber, California until 2012. Dahle was the President of the Big Valley Joint Unified School Board for one term.

After her husband Brian was elected to the California State Senate, Dahle decided to run to replace him as the assembly member for the 1st assembly district. She won the special election on November 5, 2019, defeating Democrat Elizabeth Betancourt. She defeated Betancourt in a rematch in the 2020 general election.

Woodblock printing

Woodblock printing is a way of printing images or text. It is common in East Asia. In Japan, "ukiyo-e" is the best known art woodblock prints.

July 2021 Gulf of Oman incident

On 29 July 2021, the oil tanker "Mercer Street" was attacked off the coast of Oman. The United States Navy said the attack came from a drone. Israeli, United States and European officials blamed the attack on Iran. 

Iranian state media initially said the attack was in response to a possible Israeli airstrike on a military airport in Syria, but the Iranian government formally denied involvement.

Similar incidents occurred in May 2019, June 2019 and August 2021.

Lanzo Torinese

Lanzo Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Lauriano

Lauriano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pavone Canavese

Pavone Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pachyrhizus erosus

Pachyrhizus erosus is a plant form the pea family (Fabaceae) that originally grew in Mexico. In English, it is commonly known as jícama, Mexican yam bean, or Mexican turnip. The name can refer both to the plant (which is a vine) and its seeds. Even though it originally grew in Mexico, it was already found in Peru, more than 3.000 years ago. The Spanish introduced it to Asia in the 17th century.

The jícama vine can grow up to a height of 4-5 meters (13-16 feet). Its root can grow up to 2 m (6.5 ft) of length and weigh up to 20 kilograms (44 pounds). The heaviest jícama root recorded weighed 23 kg (51 lb) and was found in the Phillipines in 2010.

Romano Canavese

Romano Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Oulx

Oulx is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Leini

Leini (formerly Leinì) is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Noasca

Noasca is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Locana

Locana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Kevin McHale (actor)

Kevin Michael McHale (born June 14, 1988) is an American actor and singer. He got his start playing Dooley Fibadoo on "Zoey 101". He is known for his role as Artie Abrhams on the Fox televison show, "Glee".

The Drinker of Via Ripamonti

The Drinker of Via Ripamonti or The Drinker is a work of art painted in oil on canvas (87.5 x 87.5 cm) by Umberto Boccioni in 1914 in his studio in Via Adige, near Porta Vigentina-Via Ripamonti in Milan, kept at the Museum Museo del Novecento in Milan.

The subject is photographed in the area where Boccioni lived and where he took inspiration. The main subject is a man who is in the blissful phase of alcohol, leaning over the table and framed from above.



Terry Kiser

Terry Kiser (born August 1, 1939) is an American actor. He is known for playing Bernie in "Weekend at Bernie's" and its sequel, "Weekend at Bernie's II".

50/50 (2011 movie)

50/50 is a 2011 American black comedy-drama movie directed by Jonathan Levine and written by Will Reiser. It stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen, Anna Kendrick, Bryce Dallas Howard, and Anjelica Huston with Philip Baker Hall. "50/50" was released on September 30, 2011. It made $41 million at the box office. It had strong positive reviews when it was released.

Dorado

Dorado is a constellation in the southern sky.

Bavarian Alps

The Bavarian Alps () are a section of the Northern Eastern Alps ("Nördlichen Ostalpen") in the international unified orographic classification of the Alps (SOIUSA) according to Sergio Marazzi. The same name is used in the Partizione delle Alpi for a mountain group of the Central Alps, but there it covers a larger area. The term "Bavarian Alps" is not used in the mountain classification of the Eastern Alps developed by the German-speaking Alpine Clubs. In contrast, the large natural region of the Swabian-Bavarian Pre-Alps largely coincides with the Bavarian Alps, but does not include some parts of the landscape (see below).

In a broader sense, "Bavarian Alps" also stands for the part of the Alps located on Bavarian or German territory. Bavaria is the only German state that has a share of the Alps. Mostly, however, the Bavarian Alps are understood to mean only the mountain parts located between the rivers Lech and Saalach in Germany. With this interpretation, therefore, the Allgäu Alps, to which the Bavarian territory has only recently extended, and the Berchtesgaden Alps do not belong to the Bavarian Alps.

The Bavarian Alps are to be distinguished from the Bavarian Prealps. The latter comprise only the Bavarian part of the Pre-Alps between the Loisach in the west and the Inn in the east.

Most of the subsections of the Bavarian Alps according to SOIUSA each correspond to a group of the Alpine Club Division of the Eastern Alps (AVE). Only the Wallgau Alps and Mangfall Mountains subsections are combined in the AVE to form the Bavarian Pre-Alps group.

The Partizione delle Alpi uses the term Bavarian Alps for the entire area of the SOIUSA sections of the North Tyrolean Limestone Alps and Bavarian Alps west of the Inn.

The following table contains all mountain groups of the Alps that are at least partly located in Bavaria and thus in Germany - in the initial overview sorted roughly from west to east and indicated with maximum altitude in meters (m) above sea level (NHN). The highest mountains and heights listed refer to the part of the mountain groups that lies in Bavaria and not to the entire mountain group. For example, the highest mountain in the Allgäu Alps, the 2656-meter-high Großer Krottenkopf, is located in Tyrol and is consequently not included in the table.

The highest elevation of the Alps in Germany is the Zugspitze. It is located in the western part of the Wetterstein Mountains - which, however, do not belong to the Bavarian Alps - and has a high alpine character with a height of 2,962 m above sea level as well as two small glaciers (see high mountains). Also the partly high alpine Berchtesgaden Alps do not belong to the group of the Bavarian Alps.
Like the Alps as a whole, the Bavarian Alps as part of the Northern Alps were strongly shaped by the last ice age. Kare, lakes and the typical U-shaped valleys were formed by glaciers. Deposits of the ice-age rivers as well as especially the glaciers created a hilly landscape with lakes and bogs, especially in the foothills of the Alps.


Boana cambui

The Boana cambui is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it 905 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26.3-32.8 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists saw one adult female frog. It was 32.7 mm long. Its head is wider than its middle.

At night, this frog is dark brown in color with light brown spots and a light stripe down each side. During the day, this frog is lighter in color. The stripes and brown spots are harder to see. During the day, it has small red spots.

SCP 004-89

SCP 004-89 is a F-type Main Sequence Stars in Constellation Pisces, This Star is Located 10,000 Light Years Away From Earth

The Godfather: The Game

The Godfather or The Godfather: The Game is an Action adventure video game of the same movie title. Originally released for PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows

JB 668-991

JB 668-991 is a Binary Star System in Constellation Coma Berenices, This Star System is Located 53,000 Light Years Away From Earth

The True Story of Eskimo Nell

The True Story of Eskimo Nell (retitled Dick Down Under in the United Kingdom) is a 1975 Australian western comedy movie directed by first time director Richard Franklin and starring Max Gillies, Serge Lazareff, Butcher Vachon, Kris McQuade, Grahame Bond, Ernie Bourne, Elke Neidhardt.

Roger Browne

Roger Browne (born April 13, 1930) is an American actor. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He is known for his role as Drake in the Greek movie "It Happened in Athens". ​He also played Mars in "Vulcan, Son of Giove" and "Mars, God of War". He is also known for voice dubbing 800 movies.

Paul Westhead

Paul William Westhead (born February 21, 1939) is an American basketball coach. He was the head coach of the University of Oregon women's team. He was known for coaching the Los Angeles Lakers between 1979 until 1981, leading them to win the 1980 NBA Finals. Westhead was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Voxel art

Voxel art is a digital art form which is similar to pixel art. Instead of coloring squares, cubes are colored. Voxel art is especially popular in revamps of old video games, and also in "Minecraft" and other cube sandboxes"." Voxel art is made with special software called a voxel editor.


Lakeview Terrace

Lakeview Terrace is a 2008 American crime and thriller movie. The movie's title is a reference for a racially and ethnically-combined middle class Lake View Terrace neighborhood of Los Angeles.

As a mixed race married couple, Chris and Lisa move themselves into a Los Angeles home. Shortly after that, however, the next-door neighbor, Abel Turner, who works with the Los Angeles Police Department, begins starting violent racial fights and arguments with Chris. Abel later starts making inappropriate comments on Chris' smoking and listening to hip hop music. As part of Abel's racist pattern of behavior, he also makes serious remarks about the ethnicity in his mixed race relationship to Lisa.

The following evening, Chris and Lisa have sex in the swimming pool near the house. Without the couple knowing, Abel's children, Marcus and Celia, look at the couple while they have sex. Abel then arrives to his home. He sees Chris and Lisa engaging in sex. Abel then becomes furious and angry. He then sets his home's security floodlights to shine into Chris' and Lisa's window, keeping them awake. Abel begins suggesting toward Chris that he doesn't like his (Chris') mixed-race marriage. He (Abel) wants the couple to move from their new neighborhood.

One evening, Chris and Lisa hear noises from the downstairs of the home. They discover the tires on Chris' car slashed. The couple suspect Abel and contact Los Angeles police. The cops, however, cannot do anything because of Abel's status within the Los Angeles Police Department. Chris fights back by shining his own security floodlights into Abel's bedroom.
Lisa begins showing she is pregnant. This causes arguments between Lisa and her husband Chris. That's because Chris is not prepared for having children. Meanwhile, Abel is suspended without pay following his abuse against a suspect. That causes Abel to become even "more" furious. Abel continues harassing the couple with his hosting of a loud bachelor party. In the party, Abel subjects Chris to sexual harassment by a nightclub stripper. Chris later plants trees along the fence between the couple's and Abel's properties. That causes a near-violent altercation between Chris and Abel. The latter is against having trees hanging over his property. When Chris goes to a Los Angeles bar, Abel then enters. The latter begins informing Chris that his (Abel's) own wife was killed during a traffic accident while having an affair with a white male employer. Abel then says that's the reason he does not trust white men. That is also his reason for him being against mixed-race relationships.

Abel sends his informant, Clarence Darlington, to trash the couple's home in yet another effort of forcing them out. Lisa arrives home early and surprises the informant. They fight. Lisa is knocked out, though not before she triggers the alarm. Chris rushes home. He is followed by a frustrated Abel. When the latter comes upon his hired informant, he (Abel) shoots the informant dead to keep him quite. Lisa is rushed to the hospital. She is okay.
Wildfires are taking place in the surrounding hills. Local people are warned to leave their homes. Abel, who remains behind, enters Chris' and Lisa's house. He (Abel) hopes to retrieve Clarence's cell phone, fearing the phone will make him appear guilty. Chris and Lisa suddenly return home from the hospital before Abel finds the phone. While the couple pack up before leaving the residence, Chris discovers the cell phone. He calls the last number diales. Chris then learns Abel was responsible for the break-in. Abel learns that Chris has found the cell phone.
Abel goes over with his gun drawn. He and Chris fight between each other. Before Lisa can leave the area, Abel shoots her car. The gun hit causes Lisa to crash into a parked car. After pistol whipping Abel and knocking him out, Chris tries to free Lisa from the vehicle. But then, Abel fires his gun towards Chris. He (Abel) misses. Chris holds Abel's other gun at him and tells him to stay back. Los Angeles County sheriff officers reach the area. The police demand Chris drop his gun. They order Abel to not move any further. Chris' wife Lisa begs for him to comply with orders. Abel tells Chris to listen to her. Chris then says Abel should have listened to his wife and asks if he saw the wife's betrayal coming. Chris then states that Abel's aggression drove her into cheating on him. Abel then becomes furious, takes out his hidden gun and shoots Chris in his shoulder.


"Lakeview Terrace" was rated 44% on the Rotten Tomatoes website. The critical consensus from the site read: "This thriller about a menacing cop wreaking havoc on his neighbors is tense enough but threatens absurdity when it enters into excessive potboiler territory." On the Metacritic, the movie had an average score near 47 out of 100. That meant "mixed or average reviews."
Roger Ebert from the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the movie a strong and positive review. He awarded it his highest rating of four stars. Ebert then said: "Some will find it exciting. Some will find it an opportunity for an examination of conscience. Some will leave feeling vaguely uneasy. Some won't like it and will be absolutely sure why they don't, but their reasons will not agree. Some will hate elements that others can't even see. Some will only see a thriller. I find movies like this alive and provoking, and I'm exhilarated to have my thinking challenged at every step of the way." 
Mick LaSalle from the "San Francisco Chronicle" also liked "Lakeview Terrace". LaSalle said: "In its overall shape and message, "Lakeview Terrace" is a conventional suspense thriller, but the details kick it up a notch. ... The fun of "Lakeview Terrace" is not in what happens but in "how" it happens." J.R. Jones of the "Chicago Reader" said "Lakeview Terrace" was: "one of the toughest racial dramas to come out of Hollywood since the fires died down – much tougher, for instance, than Paul Haggis's hand-wringing Oscar winner "Crash"."

The movie had a $20 million budget. It made about $44.7 million, around $39.2 million within the United States alone.

Polygyny in animals

Polygyny in animals is a mating system in which one male lives and mates with more than one female. Each female only mates with a single male. If several females mate with several males it is either as promiscuity or polygynandry.

Typical polygyny is one-male, multi-female groups. The system is widespread. Examples are elephant seal, spotted hyena, gorilla, house wren, hamadryas baboon, common pheasant, red deer, Bengal tiger.

Mike McShane

Michael McShane (born June 25, 1955) is an American actor, singer, and improvisational comedian. He appeared on the original British television show "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" (1988–97) and went on to appear in films such as "" (1988), "" (1991), "Richie Rich" (1994), and "Office Space" (1999). McShane has also been involved in several Disney productions, including "Tom and Huck" (1995), the television series "Brotherly Love" (1995–97), and "Tower of Terror" (1997).

McShane voiced Marlon, Caracticus P. Doom and various other characters in Cosgrove Hall Films's "Avenger Penguins" (1993–94), Gareb in "Todd McFarlane's Spawn" (1997–99), and Quosmir in "Dave The Barbarian" (2004–05).

Polyandry in animals

Polyandry in animals is when one female mates with several males in a breeding season. These males raise their own progeny without any help from females.

It is much less common than polygyny in mammals. It does occur in some primates, such as marmosets, and other members of the New World monkey family Callitrichidae. 

Another example is in those fish which store sperm for months. This tends to set up a kind of fitness competition between sperm. The system is called "cryptic sperm competition". 

Male "pregnancy" is found in seahorse, pipefish and sea dragons.

La Bastide, Var

La Bastide is a commune of 211 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Baudinard-sur-Verdon

Baudinard-sur-Verdon is a commune of 229 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Paul McNulty

Paul McNulty (born 1953 in Houston, Texas) is a piano builder specialising in historical pianos. He creates replicas of fortepianos after makers such as Silbermann, Stein, Walter, Graf etc.

McNulty studied classical guitar and lute at the Peabody Conservatory in 1976. In 1978 he continued his studies at the New England School of Stringed Keyboard Instrument Technology. After attending a seminar at the Steinway factory in New York he was accepted for a technician position there, but chose a career of a fortepiano builder instead. 

In 1986 McNulty moved to Amsterdam and then later to the Czech Republic. Since 1995 he has been living and working as a piano builder in Divišov. His fortepiano replicas are suitable for performing works of Chopin, Liszt, Brahms, Mozart and Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach. Classical musicians such as Paul Badura-Skoda, Kristian Bezuidenhout, Ronald Brautigam, Alexei Lubimov that are known for their performances and recordings on period instruments used McNulty's replicas in their concerts or purchased instruments for their own collections. 

Paul McNulty was described by the New Grove Dictionary as "famous for the high standards of [his] instruments".



The 1st International Chopin Competition on Period Instruments

The 1st International Chopin Competition on Period Instruments that took place in Warsaw, Poland, on September 2-14, 2018. The competition was organised by the Fryderyk Chopin Institute, and pianists from 9 countries participated in it. All participants were performing Chopin's music on period instruments. They were able to choose the piano themselves. The organisers offered them three restored original pianos - 1837 Érard, the 1842 Pleyel, the 1847-1848 Broadwood and 2 replicas - the 1826 Buchholtz (Paul McNulty) and the 1819 Graf (McNulty).

The winner was a young pianist from Poland Tomasz Ritter.


Thiès

Thiès is the third largest city in Senegal. In 2013, 317,763 people lived there. It is the capital of Thiès Region and is an important industrial city.

Benitez's tree frog

The Benitez's tree frog ("Boana pulidoi") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Venezuela, and the Guyana highlands.

Puremba

Khuman Puremba () or Khuman Purenba () is a son of Parenkoiba () and a grandson of Khuman prince Haoramyaima (), who once fled from the Khuman kingdom to Ancient Moirang kingdom. He is a brave warrior of Khuman dynasty and a minister of Ancient Moirang kingdom. He is best known for capturing the nine tigers alive from the wild and saving the life of the King of Moirang. For the king having no daughter, Puremba was offered Ngangkha Leima, one of the King's wives as a reward for his bravery. Ngangkha Leima was already conceived with the king's child when she came to Puremba's home. So, her first child Khamnu was, in fact, the blood of the king. And with Puremba, she gave birth to Khuman Khamba. At the joy of the birth of his son, Puremba stroke the emergency war noticing drum of the kingdom even though there was no invasion of the enemies. For this, he was punished to death. After he died, his wife also died. So, his children were brought up by his friends, on the rotational basis, among which Kabui Salang Maiba took the children's care the most.

Kabui Salang Maiba

Kabui Salang Maiba () may refer to:

Sfax

Sfax () is a city in Tunisia. In 2004, 265,131 people lived there. It is the second-most populated city in the country after the capital Tunis.

The city is on the Mediterranean Sea and is the main economic center.

Le Beausset

Le Beausset is a commune of 9,790 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Callas Forever

Callas Forever is a 2002 Italian French Spanish British Romanian biographical drama movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli and starring Fanny Ardant, Jeremy Irons, Joan Plowright, Jay Rodan, Gabriel Garko.

Plainfield, Illinois

Plainfield is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Body horror

Body horror is a subgenre of horror. This genre shows disturbing changes to the human body, like disease, decay, destruction, and mutation. The genre originates in gothic literature, especially novel Frankenstein by English writer Mary Shelley.

Famous representatives of this genre are movies of David Cronenberg (The Fly, Scanners, Shivers, Rabid, Videodrome), Saw, The Thing, Braindead, the Alien movie series, many Japanese horror movies (Tetsuo: The Iron Man and Ichi the Killer) and so on. 

Encyclopedia of Life

The Encyclopedia of Life (EoL) is an online source of information. The Encyclopedia of Life lists plants, animals and all other kinds of living things. It gives this information in many languages. It has more than 2 million species in it, making it one of the largest sources of species information in the world.

Many different groups work together to make and run the encyclopedia. The Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History is the leader.

In 2008, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation and Alfred P. Sloan Foundation gave the Smithsonian the money to start the encyclopedia.

In 2018, EoL started a new way of showing information that allowed users to search for species in new ways. For example, it is more easy to see and search for which living things eat which other animals or plants.


Jeopardy! (1998 video game)

Jeopardy! is an edutainment game based on the game show of the same name. It was released in 1998 by Hasbro Interactive (publisher) and Artech Studios (developer) for the Microsoft Windows and PlayStation. For Macintosh MacSoft (publisher.) & PlayStation 2 version Atari SA. The game was only released in the United States and is based on the popular Sony Pictures Television show "Jeopardy!".


National weapon

A National weaponry is a wide variety of weapons can be used for self-defence. The most suitable depends on the threat presented, the victim or victims, and the experience of the defender. Legal restrictions also greatly influence self-defense options.

Aliaksei Mzhachyk

Aliksei Uladzimiravich Mzhachyk (; 30 June 1996 – 1 August 2021) was a Belarusian weightlifter. He came in 12th place in the men's +105 kg event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born in Pinsk, Belarus.

Mzhachyk was killed in a car crash on 1 August 2021 in Germany, aged 25.

Francisco Weffort

Francisco Correia Weffort (17 May 1937 – 1 August 2021) was a Brazilian academic, political scientist and politician. He was born in Quatá, São Paulo. Weffort was a professor at the Universidade de São Paulo. He was also the Minister of Culture from 1995 until 2002 during the Fernando Henrique Cardoso presidency.

Weffort died on 1 August 2021 at a hospital in Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro from heart surgery-related problems, aged 84.

Kryvyi Rih

Kryvyi Rih (; literal "Crooked Horn") is a city in the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) in central Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Kryvyi Rih Raion (district). In 2020, 619,278 people lived there.

Azerbaijani Sign Language

Azerbaijani Sign Language () is the sign language used by the deaf community in Azerbaijan. As with other sign languages, AİD has a unique grammar that is different from the other sign languages used in the Caucasus region. Although there are approximately 31,000 deaf people in Azerbaijan, most of them use Turkish Sign Language (TİD) as their main sign language.

The Azerbaijani Sign Language does not have any language codes. It is not recognized as an official language by Azerbaijan.

Azerbaijani Sign Language is based on the Russian Sign Language (RSL) and is related to the Turkish Sign Language (TİD).

There is a significant number of deaf people in Azerbaijan. Most famous of them was Bahruz Kangarli, an Azerbaijani painter and graphic artist. There are two deaf schools in Azerbaijan that only serve members of the Azerbaijani deaf community. Although their sign language is not recognized as an official language, Azerbaijan's deaf community is a member of the World Deaf Federation (WDF). In international conferences and meetings, Russian Sign Language (RSL) is used instead of Azerbaijani Sign Language (AİD).


Kamianske

Kamianske () is a city in the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) in Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Kamianske Raion (district). In 2020, 231,915 people lived there. It is an important industrial city.

From 1936 to 2016, the city was known as Dniprodzerzhynsk.

Population: 

Gino Renni

Gino Renni (born Luigi Melieni Mollo; 7 June 1943 – 1 August 2021) was an Italian-Argentine actor, comedian, singer and politician. He was born in Corigliano Calabro, Italy. His career began in 1960. He was known for his role as Gino Foderone in the "Explosive Squad" and "Craziest Bathers in the World" movie series.

In 2013, Renni ran for a seat in the Chamber of Deputies in Italy as a member of the Democratic Party. He lost the election.

Renni was hospitalized in June 2021 with COVID-19 shortly after getting vaccinated in Buenos Aires. He died two months later on 1 August 2021 from problems caused by the infection, aged 78.

Jack Soo

Jack Soo (October 28, 1917 – January 11, 1979) was an American singer and actor. He was best known for his role as Detective Nick Yemana on the television sitcom "Barney Miller". He was born on a ship traveling from Japan to the United States. His career began in 1958.

Soo died on January 11, 1979 at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles from esophageal cancer, aged 61.

Pat Suzuki

Pat Suzuki (; born Chiyoko Suzuki; September 22, 1930) is an American pop singer and actress. She is best known for her role in the original Broadway production of the musical "Flower Drum Song" and for singing "I Enjoy Being a Girl". Suzuki was born in Cressey, California.

Cressey, California

Cressey (formerly, Cressy) is a census-designated place in Merced County, California. It is north-northwest of Atwater. The population was 366 at the 2020 census.

Atwater, California

Atwater is a city in Merced County, California, United States. The population as of the 2020 census was 31,970.

Angela Bailey

Angela Bailey (28 February 1962 – August 2021) was an English-born Canadian track and field athlete. She held the Canadian record in the 100 metres. She won an Olympic silver medal in the 4×100 metres relay at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She also won three silver medals at the Commonwealth Games. She was born in Coventry, England.

Bailey died in August 2021 in Toronto, Ontario from cancer, aged 59.


National shrine

A National shrine is a Religious place of worship or other sacred place which has met certain requirements and is given this honour by the national episcopal conference to recognize a people's special historical, cultural and religious significance or a patronage towards a saint respectively.

Antonio de la Torre Villalpando

Antonio de la Torre Villalpando (21 September 1951 – 2 August 2021) was a Mexican footballer. He played most of his career with Club América from 1974 until 1982. His career began in 1971 and he retired in 1988. Torre Villalpando played for the national team between 1972 until 1978. He was born in Mexico City.

Torre Villalpando died on 2 August 2021 in Mexico City, aged 69.

Guy Herbulot

Guy Alexis Herbulot (7 March 1925 – 1 August 2021) was a French Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Saint-Menges, France. He became a priest in 1950. Herbulot was the Bishop of Évry-Corbeil-Essonnes from 1978 until 2000.

Herbulot died on 1 August 2021 in Reims, France, aged 96.

Renae Jacobs

Renae Jacobs (born February 1, 1957) is an American voice actress, who is perhaps best known for voicing journalist and reporter April O'Neil in the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles animated series.

Saint-Menges

Saint-Menges is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Ardennes department in north France.

Besse-sur-Issole

Besse-sur-Issole is a commune of 3,035 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Jennifer Darling

Jennifer Darling (born June 19, 1946) is an American voice, movie and television actress. Her best-known role on screen was as Peggy Callahan in "The Six Million Dollar Man" and its spin-off "The Bionic Woman". In anime, she is the voice of Akeya in the English dub of "Tenchi Muyo!" for most of the English adaptations.




Nickelodeon movie theater

The nickelodeon was the first type of indoor space dedicated to showing projected motion pictures in the United States. Usually set up in converted stores, these small, simple theaters charged five cents for admission and thrived from about 1905 to 1915.
"Nickelodeon" got its name from the "nickel", the name of the U.S. five-cent coin, and the ancient Greek word "odeion", which is a roofed-over theater.

Abdalqadir as-Sufi

Abdalqadir as-Sufi (born Ian Dallas; 1930 – 1 August 2021) was a Scottish Islamic scholar and writer. He was the leader of the Darqawi-Shadhili-Qadiri Tariqa and founder of the Murabitun World Movement. He wrote many books on Islam, Sufism and political theory. 

As-Sufi was born in Ayr, Scotland. He converted to Islam in 1967 with the imam of the Qarawiyyin Mosque in Fez, Morocco. As-Sufi died on 1 August, 2021 in Cape Town, South Africa.


Heigenbrücken

Heigenbrücken is a municipality in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany, and seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Heigenbrücken. It has a population of around 2,200.

Heigenbrücken is in the Bavarian Lower Main ("Bayerischer Untermain") in the middle of the Spessart (range).

Heigenbrücken has one outlying "Ortsteil", Jakobsthal, is about 5 km away from the main town.

The municipal area had 2,330 inhabitants in 1970, 2,332 in 1987 and 2,499 in 2000.
The municipal tax revenue in 1999 amounted to €935,000.

The council is made up of 15 council members, counting the mayor.

The mayor is Jochen Drechsler, elected in 2020.

The following institutions are to be found in Heigenbrücken (as at 1999):


Heimbuchenthal

Heimbuchenthal is a town in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany, and the seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Mespelbrunn. It is also a state-recognized recreational resort ("Erholungsort").

Heimbuchenthal is in the Bavarian Lower Main ("Bayerischer Untermain") in the upper valley of the Elsava in the "Mittelgebirge" (hill range) Spessart.

Within the municipal area there were 1,875 inhabitants in 1970, 2,106 in 1987, 2,260 in 2000 and 2,154 in 2013.

"Fahrradmuseum Pedalwelt" – modern bicycle development and drive concepts from all over the world (with test course).

The council is made up of 15 council members, counting the mayor.
The mayor is Rüdiger Stenger (SPD/FWG).


Heimbuchenthal features the following institutions (as of 2006):

Bart Has Two Mommies

"Bart Has Two Mommies" is the 14th episode of "The Simpsons" 17th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on March 19, 2006. In the episode, Homer Simpson takes his son Bart to an animal sanctuary. Bart gets taken by a chimpanzee after trying to give it ice cream.

The episode was written by Dana Gould. Michael Marcantel is the director of the episode. The name of the episode is a parody of "Heather Has Two Mommies". Randy Johnson is seen in the episode selling teddy bears at a convention for left-handed people. About 8.75 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Gerd Andersson

Gerd Gunvor Andersson (born 11 June 1932) is a Swedish actress and dancer. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden. She is the sister of Bibi Andersson. Andersson is known for her roles in "Summer Interlude" (1951), "Secrets of Women" (1952) and "Fanny and Alexander" (1982).

Ursula Kraus

Ursula Kraus (2 August 1930 – 2 August 2021) was a German politician. She was born in Neunkirchen, Saarland. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party. Between 1984 until 1996, Kraus was Mayor of Wuppertal. She was also a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1984 until 1990.

Kraus died on her 91st birthday on 2 August 2021 in Wuppertal.

Lucy Punch

Lucy Punch (born 30 December 1977) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "Ella Enchanted", "Hot Fuzz", "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger", "Dinner for Schmucks," and "Into the Woods". 

The Spiderwick Chronicles (movie)

The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 fantasy movie. It was based on the book series of the same name. It was released on February 14, 2008. Freddie Highmore played the main role.

Condola Rashād

Condola Phylea Rashād (born December 11, 1986) is an American actress. She is known for her role in the Off-Broadway play "Ruined".

She was nominated for four Tony Award nominations for her work on Broadway in the plays "Stick Fly", "The Trip to Bountiful", "A Doll's House, Part 2", and "Saint Joan".

Her parents are actress Phylicia Rashad and sportscaster Ahmad Rashād.

Přílepy (Kroměříž District)

Přílepy is a municipality and village of the Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.


Ahmad Rashād

Ahmad Rashād (born Robert Earl "Bobby" Moore; November 19, 1949) is an American sportscaster for NBC Sports and former professional football player. He was born in Portland, Oregon. He played as a wide receiver.

Rashād played for the St. Louis Cardinals between 1972 until 1973. He also played Buffalo Bills in 1974. From 1976 until 1982, Rashād played Minnesota Vikings.

From 1985 until they divorced in 2001, he was married to actress Phylicia Ayers-Allen. They have one daughter: Condola.


Venezuelan food

Venezuelan food is about the many foods made and eaten in Venezuela. Most foods came from as a mix of European (Mostly from the Mediterranean sea), African, and Indigenous dishes. The most well known dish is the Arepa, a type of flat bun made with cornmeal (It could also be made with wheat flour) which is eaten as a side or main dish filled with other foods. Other well known foods are pan de jamón, tequeños, pabellón criollo, and hallacas.

Different Venezuelan regions have different foods that are eaten. The most common food ingredients used are:


The foods most eaten in most parts of Venezuela are:

Because of how big the country is, the foods are different in each region. Common foods of the regions are:






Fresh or marinated vegetables, like aubergines, pumpkins, potatoes are also commonly eaten as sides.

Some popular drinks are:


Some foods commonly eaten as snacks are:

Some breads commonly eaten are:


Some desserts eaten in special events are:

Queso fresco (or queso blanco) is popular in South American countries like Venezuela. Other popular cheeses are Guayanés cheese, Palmita cheese, and queso de mano.

Some sauces commonly made and used are:

Sauces from other countries, such as ketchup, mayonnaise, soy sauce, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco, pink sauce, tartar sauce have also been popular.

The hallaca is a food eaten at the Christmas season, which begins at December 3. Venezuelan families meet to prepare the food. During the parties, pan de jamón, pork leg, chicken salad, punch, wine, black cake, and other dishes are commonly eaten as a side.

Even though it can be found at markets, people usually like the homemade version. Newer generations like to change up the recipe a bit.

Cassina Rizzardi

Cassina Rizzardi is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lemie

Lemie is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about northwest of Turin.

Lemie is next to these municipalities: Ala di Stura, Balme, Mezzenile, Usseglio, Viù, and Condove.

Viù

Viù is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Usseglio

Usseglio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mezzenile

Mezzenile is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about northwest of Turin.

Mezzenile is next to these municipalities: Ceres, Ala di Stura, Pessinetto, Traves, Viù, Lemie

Traves, Piedmont

Traves is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Christiana Visentin Gajoni

Christiana Visentin Gajoni (also known as Christiana Visentin; born in 1974 in Rome (Italy) is a painter and actress Italian.
Christiana Visentin, is the daughter of actress Cristina Gajoni and composer Alberto Visentin. 
She started painting as a child in her grandfather's studio Adriano Gajoni, with his grandfather's pupils in Milan, who after his death had taken over the workshop. His pictorial movement is called Magical Neorealism. Educated at the Montparnasse Academy in Paris.
Initially, specialized in the study of artistic genres of Still life, mainly pictorial which represents inanimate elements (fruits, flowers, various objects...) and drawing inspiration from the Renaissance Art painters she studied for decades. She started her career as a very young actress de cinéma, moved to Paris to study drawing and painting at the Académie Montparnasse in Paris then devoted himself to painting.

Christiana Visentin Gajoni creates a genre of painting in which objects are represented with extreme neonaturalism, but which, thanks to the addition of surreal or paradoxical elements, give the representation a subtly mysterious effect, conveying a sense of unreality.



Abstract photography

In most cases, photography is about taking pictures of objects or scenes that can directly be recognised. This is done as a way to document things, or to do a portrait, for example. Abstract photography focuses on details, or on the way light is used. As a result, the object that is photographed can no longer be recognised easily. An abstract photograph often only shows a part of a natural scene. The viewer no longer has information about the context. That way, it may create a view that looks unreal. Very often color, light, shadow, texture, shape or form are used to give a feeling, sensation or impression.

The image may be produced using traditional photographic equipment like a camera, darkroom or computer, or it may be created without using a camera by directly manipulating film, paper or other photographic media, including digital presentations.

There is no common definition of the term "abstract photography": different people use it for different concepts. On the one hand, there are people such as Aaron Siskind who photographed peeling paint, on the other, people such as Marco Breuer made prints and books without using a camera or film. The term includes many different kinds of representations; it is used to categorize a type of photography that often ambiguous.

Alvin Langdon Coburn was the first to speak about "abstract photography": In 1916 proposed that an exhibition should be organized with the title "Abstract Photography". The entry form for the exhibition would clearly say that "no work will be admitted in which the interest of the subject matter is greater than the appreciation of the extraordinary." This exhibition did not happen; Coburn later created some distinctly abstract photograph, though.

Photographer and Professor of Psychology John Suler wrote an essay "Photographic Psychology: Image and Psyche. In this essay, he" said that an abstract photograph tookaway that which is realistic or literal, such as natural appearances and recognizable subjects in the actual world. He said there was a test: If you look at a photo and there’s a voice inside you that says 'What is it?'….Well, there you go. It’s an abstract photograph."

According to Barbara Kasten, who is also a photographer an professor: "Abstract photography challenges our popular view of photography as an objective image of reality by reasserting its constructed nature...Freed from its duty to represent, abstract photography continues to be a catchall genre for the [mixing] of mediums and disciplines. It is an arena to test photography."

German photographer and photographic theorist Gottfried Jäger used the term "concrete photography" to describe a particular kind of abstract photography. He said:With this, he made a reference to Concrete art, an art movement of the 1930s that strongly focused on geometric forms.

More recently conceptual artist Mel Bochner hand wrote a quote from the Encyclopædia Britannica that said "Photography cannot record abstract ideas." on a note card. He then photographed the card and printed it using six different photographic processes. He turned the words, the concept and the visualization of the concept into art itself, and in doing so created a work that presented yet another type of abstract photography, again without ever defining the term itself.


Vernalization

Vernalization is something plants do when the weather is cold. Vernalization is when some plants only sprout from seeds or grow flower buds in the spring if they have spent enough days in the cold. Some plants need colder temperatures than others. For example, an apple tree that has not had a cold winter will not form good flowers the next year. Some plants need more days of cold than others. Biennial and perennial plants (including poaceae) and some trees do this.

DB Station&amp;Service

DB Station&Service is a company from Germany, which is managing over 5,400 train station and has its headquarters in Berlin. It is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn.

Thornhill, West Yorkshire

Thornhill is an area where people live in Dewsbury, Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. Previously part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, Thornhill became part of Dewsbury County Borough in 1910. It is on a big hill on the lower part of the River Calder.

Transgender rights in the United Kingdom

Transgender rights in the United Kingdom have been gaining ground since the 1990s, with the granting of rights and protection to the transgender community (LGBT). Various laws within the United Kingdom refer to identity documents, marriage rights, and anti-discrimination measures used by or pertaining to transgender people, in the areas of employment, education, housing and social services, amongst others.

Sex Discrimination Act 1975

The Sex Discrimination Act 1975 (c. 65) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which protected men and women from discrimination on the grounds of sex or marital status. The Act concerned employment, training, education, harassment, the provision of goods and services, and the disposal of premises. 

The Sex Discrimination (Gender Reassignment) Regulations 1999, The Gender Recognition Act 2004 and The Sex Discrimination Act 1975 (Amendment) Regulations 2008 amended parts of this Act to apply to those who "intend to undergo, are undergoing or have undergone gender reassignment". 

Gender Recognition Panel

The Gender Recognition Panel is a tribunal in the United Kingdom dealing with transsexual and transgender concerns and allowing people to change their legal gender. It was founded to satisfy the Gender Recognition Act 2004, which legislates its decision-making process.

It issues gender recognition certificates for people who "live in another gender". Only lawyers, medical practitioners or psychologists may be appointed to the panel.


Gender Recognition Act 2004

The Gender Recognition Act 2004 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that allows people who have gender dysphoria to change their legal gender. It came into effect on 4 April 2005.

The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) appreciated the challenges to married transsexual people and their partners presented by Schedule 2 of the Act and in a recent submission to government they recommend:
The government amends the Gender Recognition Act to allow for the automatic conversion of a marriage into a civil partnership upon one member of the couple obtaining a gender recognition certificate.

2021 United Kingdom census

On 21 March 2021, the censuses of England and Wales and of Northern Ireland took place. The census of Scotland is planned to take place in 2022. Censuses have been done in the United Kingdom every 10 years since 1841. They are now run by the Office for National Statistics.

The general style of the questionnaire is similar to that of the 2011 census, although there are some new questions for 2021:

Most of it was done online, the first time this has happened.

In Scotland, the Census (Amendment) (Scotland) Act 2019 makes provisions for voluntary questions about transgender status and sexual orientation to be asked. The Census (Return Particulars and Removal of Penalties) Act 2019 makes the same provision for England and Wales. The sexual orientation question will also be asked in Northern Ireland.

On 17 March 2021, the ONS withdrew from the High Court proceedings, conceding that "what is your sex" refers to sex as recognised by the law, and not gender identity.

Equality Act 2006

The Equality Act 2006 (c 3) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom covering the United Kingdom. The 2006 Act is a precursor to the Equality Act 2010, which combines all of the equality enactments within Great Britain and provide comparable protections across all equality strands. Those explicitly mentioned by the Equality Act 2006 include age; disability; gender; proposed, commenced or completed gender reassignment; race; religion or belief and sexual orientation.


Christopher Scarver

Christopher Scarver Sr. (born July 6, 1969) is an American convicted murderer who beat serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer and Jesse Anderson to death at the Columbia Correctional Institution in 1994. Scarver used a metal bar taken from exercise equipment in the prison weight room, to beat Dahmer and Anderson. After the beatings, Dahmer died on November 28 and Anderson died on November 30. Scarver was sentenced to two further life sentences for the two killings..

Before the prison murders in 1994, on June 1, 1990, Scarver went to the Wisconsin Conservation Corps training program office and found Steve Lohman, the supervisor who had replaced Edward Patts. Scarver demanded money from Lohman. Upon receiving only $15 from Lohman, Scarver shot him. At the same time, he demanded money from site manager John Feyen. Scarver began shooting him again before Feyen gave a $3,000 check to Scarver and ran away.

Scarver was convicted and sentenced to life in prison and sent to the Columbia Correctional Institution in Portage, Wisconsin, in 1992.

Bischoff's tree frog

Bischoff's tree frog ("Boana bischoffi") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Kath Soucie

Katherine Elaine Soucie (; born February 20, 1967) is an American actress. She is known for playing Linka in "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", Lola Bunny in the Looney Tunes franchise, Fifi La Fume and Li'l Sneezer in "Tiny Toon Adventures", Bea in "Mighty Max", Dexter's Mom in "Dexter's Laboratory", Maddie Fenton in "Danny Phantom", Phil, Lil and their mother Betty in "Rugrats", Princess Sally Acorn in "Sonic The Hedgehog", Cadpig and Rolly in "", Kat Harvey in "The Spooktacular New Adventures of Casper", Morgana Macawber in "Darkwing Duck", Sally and Shock in "The Nightmare Before Christmas", and Kanga in the "Winnie the Pooh" franchise. She currently voices Tuffy Mouse from "The Tom and Jerry Show" and Perdita from "101 Dalmatians", since "" (2003).


ObsCure: The Aftermath

ObsCure: The Aftermath known in PAL regions as ObsCure II is an survival horror video game, developed by Hydravision Entertainment, and also published by Playlogic Entertainment (European and Australian distribution only) and Ignition Entertainment (North American distribution). It was released in Europe in 2007; and North America/Australia in 2008. Released for PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Wii, and Microsoft Windows. It is sequel to "ObsCure".

Football at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's football tournament at the 2020 Summer Olympics was held in Japan from 22 July to 7 August 2021. It was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Only players born after 1 January 1997 could play in this tournament, but each team was allowed 3 older players.

Kosciuszko National Park

Kosciuszko National Park is a national park in the Australian state of New South Wales, Australia and is the largest national park in New South Wales and the tallest in Australia, home to the highest peak of Australia; Mt. Kosciuszko as well as two famous ski resorts: Thredbo and Perisher. The park gets its name from a Polish-Lithuanian hero called General Tadeusz Kościuszko, which explains the etymology of a name that is rather difficult to pronounce by most Australians.
The higher regions of the park experience an alpine climate which is quite unusual on mainland Australia. However, only the peaks of the main mountain range are subject to consistent winter snow. The climate station at Charlotte Pass recorded
Australia's lowest temperature of on 28 June 1994.

The point with the highest altitude is the peak of Mt. Kosciuszko at 2228m, and the lowest point of the park is near Khancoban at 337m. The peak is also the tallest point of the mainland Australian continent. However, the tallest peak of Australia, excluding the areas as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory is actually in Mawsons Peak, some 3000km from the capital of Western Australia; Perth.

The Snowy River starts in the park and flows south to Victoria. Many tunnels, dams, generators and other parts of the Snowy Mountains Scheme hydro-electric system are located within Kosciuszko National Park, including the Tantangara Reservoir.

The Snowy Scheme, constructed between 1949 and 1974, is a hydroelectricity and irrigation complex consisting of sixteen major dams; seven power stations; a pumping station; and 225 kilometres of tunnels, pipelines and aqueducts and is the largest engineering project undertaken in Australia. An 8km powerline has been planned through the area.


Dorian Harewood

Willie Dorian Harewood (born August 6, 1950) is an American actor. Harewood first attracted attention for his portrayal of Simon Haley (father of author Alex Haley) in the ABC miniseries . He is known for his roles in Full Metal Jacket, for starring as Jesse Owens in The Jesse Owens Story, and for his co-starring role in the ABC Television series Strike Force (starring Robert Stack).


Krystsina Tsimanouskaya

Krystsina Siarheyeuna Tsimanouskaya or Kristina Sergeyevna Timanovskaya (, Łacinka: Kryscina Siarhiejeŭna Cimanoŭskaja, ; , ; born on November 19, 1996) is a Belarusian and Polish sprinter. She won a silver medal in the 100 metres at the 2017 European U23 Championships, a gold medal in the 200 metres at the 2019 Summer Universiade and a silver medal in the team event at the 2019 European Games.

Tsimanouskaya was about to be part of the 2020 Summer Olympics in the 100 m and 200 m events. Belarus and the country's Olympic committee forced her to run in the 4 × 400 m relay race, even though she did not want to. Belarusian sports representatives just did not make enough doping tests for other 4 × 400 m relay race sprinters. But Tsimanouskaya has never run in this event as a sprinter. 

On July 30, 2021, during the Games, she took it to her Instagram and said bad things about the Belarus Olympic Committee. On August 1, 2021, she was taken to Haneda Airport by the representatives of the Belarusian Olympic team against her will. She was forced into taking a flight in Belarus. She was afraid to come back home and did not want to go to Belarus. She contacted Japanese police in Haneda Airport. Japanese police offered her protection. Then she asked for asylum in Poland. Its embassy in Japan took her in on August 2, 2021.

Outdoor
Indoor

She is married to sprinter Arseniy Zdanevich. He was afraid of getting in trouble over his wife's words and went to Ukraine in August 2021. Krystsina Tsimanouskaya's parents told Krystsina Tsimanouskaya not to return to Belarus. There was information that Belarusian police locked in on them and Krystsina Tsimanouskaya's grandmother. A Financial Times interview claims she officially worked for the Ministry of Internal Affairs, Belarus with the rank of Lieutenant.


EmailSanta.com

emailSanta.com is a Christmas-themed entertainment website that claims to allow people to send emails to Santa Claus and get a computer-generated, personalised answer from the website.

Wally Adeyemo

Adewale Wally Adeyemo (born May 20, 1981) is a Nigerian-American lawyer and government worker, he served as the United States deputy secretary of the treasury.
 He was also the number one president of the Obama Foundation. He served during the Obama government as the deputy national security advisor for international economics.

Obama Foundation

Barack Obama Foundation is an American-based nonprofit organization founded in 2014. 
The foundation sees the creation of the Barack Obama Presidential Center.

All About Trans

All About Trans is a project that aims to improve how the media understands and portrays transgender people. Its aim is to "promote trans voices in the media" and engage media professionals (such as journalists, presenters and editors) and other sector professionals with trans topics in creative ways.

Trans Media Watch

Trans Media Watch (TMW) is a British charity founded in 2009 to improve media coverage of transgender and intersex issues. By improving media coverage, TMW strives to "foster social acceptance and civil recognition for trans persons", and to prevent the "material consequences" of misrepresentation.



Press for Change

Press for Change (PFC) is a UK-based campaign group focusing on the rights and treatment of trans people. Its stated aim is "seeking respect and equality for all trans people in the UK". The group led the campaign for full legal recognition for transgender people living in Britain including the right to marry.


Mermaids (charity)

Mermaids is a British charity and advocacy organisation that supports gender variant and transgender youth.

The Gender Trust

The Gender Trust is a United Kingdom charitable organization promoting public education about transgender and gender identity issues and providing information to those affected.

In 2003, The Gender Trust was one of the many UK support groups suggested for intersex persons and people with gender identity problems. In 2007, an advice panel suggested Gender Trust as one of several professional organizations from which a person troubled with gender identity issues can seek guidance.


Labour Campaign for Trans Rights

The Labour Campaign for Trans Rights (LCTR) is a British pressure group within the Labour Party, founded in February 2020.

LGBT+ Labour

LGBT+ Labour, the Labour Campaign for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Rights, is a socialist society related to the Labour Party in the United Kingdom. Originally called the Gay Labour Group, the purpose of this organisation is to campaign within the Labour Party and wider Labour movement to promote the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) peoples, and to encourage members of the LGBT community to support the Labour Party.

2015 marked the 40th anniversary of the organisation.



Komi Republic

Komi Republic or just Komi is a federal subject of Russia. It is situated to the west of the Ural Mountains.

The capital city of Komi is Syktyvkar.

Karyn Dwyer

Karyn Dwyer (born Karyn Elizabeth Dwyer; 22 March 1975 – 25 September 2018) was a Canadian television, stage and movie actress. She was best remembered for playing Maggie in the lesbian-themed movie Better Than Chocolate in 1999. Later that year, Dwyer then played Summer Falls in the comedy movie "Superstar".

Dwyer was in award-winning short movies which were based on stage plays. Those included "Pony" and "Polished".

Dwyer was born in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador. She dealt with anxiety and depression. Dwyer committed suicide at age 43 in Toronto, Ontario.

Boana pombali

Boana pombali is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Alison Bechdel

Alison Bechdel (/ˈbɛkdəl/ "BEK-dəl"; born September 10, 1960) is an American cartoonist. She created the comic strip about gay women called "Dykes to Watch Out For." She also created a graphic novel "Fun Home."The book also became a musical that won a Tony Award in 2015. In 2012, she published her second graphic book "Are You My Mother?" She won the MacArthur "Genius" Award. 


Lucky the Dinosaur

Lucky the Dinosaur is an approximately green Segnosaurus free roaming audio animatronics figure which pulls a flower-covered cart and is led by "Chandler the Dinosaur Handler".
Lucky premiered at The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles on August 28, 2003. He made appearances at Disney California Adventure Park as well. Lucky appeared regularly at the DinoLand U.S.A. area of Disney's Animal Kingdom at Walt Disney World from June 2005 to August 2005. He was then moved to Hong Kong Disneyland to celebrate the grand opening of the park in September 2005. As of August 2015, Lucky is at his final home of Walt Disney Imagineering. He is still running as he meets visitors who come with the Backstage Magic Tour from Adventures By Disney.

Lucky is notable in that he was the first free roaming audio-animatronic figure ever created by Disney's Imagineers. The flower cart he pulls conceals the computer and power source. Lucky is capable of moving, vocalizing, and responding to guests.


Joey Camen

Joseph Jay Camen (born January 16, 1957) is an American voice actor, comedian and writer who has performed voice over work in various movies, TV shows and video games. Camen arrived in Hollywood at the age of 17 from Detroit, Michigan. At age 18 he was a regular performer and master of ceremonies at The Comedy Store on the Sunset Strip.

Controlled explosion

A controlled explosion is a way of exploding a bomb safely. It is often used by the police and law enforcement to try get rid of something that could be dangerous.

Public park

A public park is a park in cities and other incorporated places. It has recreation and green space, which can be used by people who live in the area and visitors. Public parks often have playgrounds, gardens and fitness trails.

Lessolo

Lessolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about north of Turin.

Lessolo is next to these municipalities: Brosso, Borgofranco d'Ivrea, Montalto Dora, Alice Superiore, Vico Canavese, and Fiorano Canavese.

Montalto Dora

Montalto Dora is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

T. K. Carter

Thomas Kent Carter (born December 18, 1956) is an American actor. In movies, he is most known for his comedic performances, such as the street-smart Chester in "Seems Like Old Times" and the karaoke-singing Iceman in "Ski Patrol". He is also known for playing slightly nervous characters, such as the rollerskating chef Nauls in John Carpenter's "The Thing", as well as the unfortunate National Gaurd, Cribbs in Walter Hill's "Southern Comfort".

Bay, Haute-Saône

Bay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Saint-Aubin-des-Bois, Eure-et-Loir

Saint-Aubin-des-Bois is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Eure-et-Loir department in north France.

Green Liberal Party of Switzerland

The Green Liberal Party of Switzerland (, glp; , pvl), abbreviated to glp, is a green-liberal political party in Switzerland. It was founded on 19 July 2007.

Rebati Tripura

Shri Rebati Tripura is an Indian politician from Tripura, and has been elected to the Lok Sabha in 2019 from Tripura East (Lok Sabha constituency) as a National Democratic Alliance candidate. He belongs to Bharatiya Janata Party.

Rebati Tripura is currently seeking fund from Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman to allocate additional funds from the budget to Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) for the welfare and development of the ethnic communities of the state.


Zodiac (movie)

Zodiac is a 2007 American thriller movie directed by David Fincher and based on the book of the same name. It was released on March 2, 2007. It is about investigation and manhunt for the serial killer Zodiac who has been active during the late 1960s and early 1970s. 

Catherine Reitman

Catherine Marcelle Reitman (born April 28, 1981) is an American-Canadian actress, producer and writer. She is the creator, executive producer, writer and star of the CBC comedy series Workin' Moms. Reitman was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of French-Canadian actress Geneviève Robert and Slovak-born Canadian film director Ivan Reitman. best known of voice acting notable, "Space Jam", "Family Guy", "American Dad", "The Powerpuff Girls", "Nutri Ventures", "Dexter's Laboratory", etc.

Tostones

Tostones are a dish of sliced and fried plantains. It is commonly eaten in many countries in Latin America.

Plantains that are green and not ripe are used. It is sliced into small flat pieces and then it is fried two times.

It is unknown where tostones came from. Many Caribbean and Latin American countries say they made tostones. The recipe is known under different names. They are called "patacones" in Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Costa Rica and Peru, and they are called "tostones" in Cuba, Nicaragua, Puerto Rico, and Dominican Republic. In the Dominican Republic, they also go by the name "platano frito" or "fritos verdes", and in Haiti they are also called "bannann peze".


Godfred Yeboah

Godfred Yeboah (27 July 1980 – 3 August 2021) was a Ghanaian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He played for the national team from 2003 until 2008.

Yeboah died on 3 August 2021 at the age of 41.

Aloys Wobben

Aloys Wobben (22 January 1952 – 31 July 2021) was a German billionaire businessman and engineer. He was the founder and owner of the wind turbine company Enercon. Wobben was one of the 50 richest people in Germany.

Wobben died in July 2021 after a long illness, at the age of 69.

Soerjadi Soedirdja

Soerjadi Soedirdja (11 October 1938 – 3 August 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was Governor of Jakarta from 1992 to 1997. He was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies. He was also the Minister of Home Affairs between 1999 until 2001 during the Abdurrahman Wahid presidency.

Soedirdja died on 3 August 2021 in Jakarta, aged 82.

Cathy Moriarty

Cathy Moriarty (born in New York City, November 29, 1960) is an American television/movie actress and singer. Her acting career has extended for over forty years. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her part in the movie "Raging Bull" (1980). Other movies in which Moriarty acted include "Soapdish" (1991), "Casper" (1995), "Analyze That" (2002) and "The Bounty Hunter" (2010). She also had television roles in "Tales from the Crypt" (for which she won a CableACE Award for the Best Actress in a Dramatic Series), "Law & Order" and "".

Moriarty played Mary Brown during the comedy movie "But I'm a Cheerleader" in 1999. The film was originally rated NC-17 for its depiction of lesbian sexual activity. It was edited for an R-rating before release in the United States movie theaters.

Moriarty was later nominated for a DVD Exclusive Award for Best Actress for her acting role in the movie "Red Team" (originally titled "The Crimson Code").

Gholam Hosein Shiri Aliabad

Gholam Hosein Shiri Aliabad (; 30 April 1961 – 3 August 2021) was an Iranian politician. He was born in Hashtrud, Iran. He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly from 2012 until 2016. 

Shiri Aliabad died on 3 August 2021 of COVID-19 in Tehran, aged 60.

Peter Smith, Baron Smith of Leigh

Peter Richard Charles Smith, Baron Smith of Leigh (24 July 1945 – 3 August 2021) was a British Labour local politician and life peer. He was born in Lowton, Lancashire. He was the Executive Leader of Wigan Council from 1991 until 2018. In 1999, he became a member of the House of Lords.

Smith died on 3 August 2021, aged 76.


Antonio Pennacchi

Antonio Pennacchi (26 January 1950 – 3 August 2021) was an Italian writer. He was born in Latina, Lazio. He won the 2010 Strega Prize for his novel, "Canale Mussolini". He also wrote "Il fasciocomunista".

Pennacchi died on 3 August 2021 in Milan from a heart attack, aged 71. 


Jerry Carter

Jerry Carter (1954/1955 – August 2, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2019 until his death. Carter was a member of the Republican Party. Carter died while still serving in the House on Aug. 2, 2021. Carter was born in Eden, North Carolina.

Carter died on August 2, 2021 from gastrointestinal surgery-related problems in Durham, North Carolina at the age of 66.

Young and Beautiful (Lana Del Rey song)

"Young and Beautiful" is a song by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey used for the soundtrack to the drama movie "The Great Gatsby".

"Young and Beautiful" reached the top ten in Australia where it was later certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In May 2013, the song broke into the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Del Rey and Nowels received awards for their songwriting. They were nominated for a Grammy Award. They eventually won a Satellite Award. On January 26, 2014, "Young and Beautiful" was announced as number 7 on the annual Triple J's Hottest 100 in Australia.

Saggaf bin Muhammad Aljufri

Habib Sayyid Saggaf bin Muhammad Aljufri, M.A. (, ; 17 August 1937 – 3 August 2021) was an Indonesian Islamic scholar. He was born in Pekalongan, Central Java. He was the Supreme Head of Alkhairaat from 1974 until his death. Aljufir was the Rector of Alkhairaat University from 1967 until 1989.

Aljufri died on 3 August 2021 in Jakarta at the age of 83.

Elias John Kwandikwa

Elias John Kwandikwa (1 July 1966 – 2 August 2021) was a Tanzanian politician. He was a member of the Chama Cha Mapinduzi. From 2015 until his death, Kwandikwa was a member of the National Assembly. He was also Minister of Defence from 2020 until 2021. Kwandikwa was born in Kahama, Tanzania.

Kwandikwa died on 2 August 2021 in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania at the age of 55.

Lilia Aragón

Lilia Aragón (born Lilia Isabel Aragón del Rivero, 22 September 1938 – 2 August 2021) was a Mexican actress and politician. She was born in Cuautla, Morelos. Aragón was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2004 until 2006. She was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. Aragón was known for her roles in "De frente al sol", "Más allá del puente" and "Velo de novia".

Aragón died on 2 August 2021 in Mexico City at the age of 82.

Peter F. Schabarum

Peter Frank Schabarum (January 9, 1929 – August 1, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the California State Assembly from 1967 until 1972. He was a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors from 1972 until 1991. Schabarum was born in Los Angeles. He was a member of the Republican Party.

In the 1950s, he played for the San Francisco 49ers.

Schabarum died on August 1, 2021 in Los Angeles at the age of 92.

Paul Cotton

Norman Paul Cotton (February 26, 1943August 1, 2021) was an American guitarist and country rock singer-songwriter. He was a member of the band Poco. He wrote the international hit song "Heart of the Night". He was co-guitarist for the Illinois Speed Press. Cotton was born at Fort Rucker in Dale County, Alabama.

Cotton died at his summer home near Eugene, Oregon on August 1, 2021, at the age of 78.



Natalie Zea

Natalie Zea (born in Houston, Texas, March 17, 1975) is an American television, stage and movie actress. She began her acting career with an Off-Broadway theatre. Zea appeared in productions for the "Three Sisters" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream". In November 2000, she began playing the businesswoman and socialite Gwen Hotchkiss in the NBC soap opera "Passions". Zea played the rich Hotchkiss family member from November 15, 2000 until October 3, 2002. After she left "Passions", Liza Huber (the daughter of actress Susan Lucci) replaced her and resumed playing Hotchkiss.

In 2004, Zea became a cast member in FX's police drama television series "The Shield". She played the character Lauren Riley in the series. One year after that, Zea became a cast member in the role of Trish Agermeyer in the ABC television drama series "Eyes". The series was canceled after its only season. Later, she had guest roles in the television programs "", "Two and a Half Men" and "Without a Trace".

In the 2010s, Zea played regular roles during several television dramas. The shows included "Californication", "Justified" and "The Detour".

Erik Larson

Erik Larson (born January 3, 1954) is an American journalist and author. He has written a number of bestsellers, such as "The Devil in the White City" (2003). He won the 2004 Edgar Award. Larson was born in New York City.


2021 Gulf of Oman incident

2021 Gulf of Oman incident may refer to: 


Gulf of Oman incident

Gulf of Oman incident may refer to:


Too Short

Todd Anthony Shaw (born in Los Angeles, California: April 28, 1966), better known by the stage name Too Short, is an American rapper and record producer. He became famous for West Coast hip hop in the mid-to-late 1980s. His rap lyrics are usually about promiscuity (casual sex with several partners) and pimping. They are also about street survival and drug cultures. The former is talked about in many dirty rap songs, for example, "Blow the Whistle" (2006). The latter is talked about in his political rap song from "The Ghetto" (1990).

Shaw's first studio album, "Don't Stop Rappin"', released in 1983, was one of the first rap albums that actually used the word "bitch" during certain songs on it.

Shaw began his career in 1983. He drew fame on the Oakland underground rap scene. Shaw signed a major deal with Jive Records in 1987. Jive released Shaw's fourth album "Born to Mack". The following year, his fifth album "Life Is...Too Short" became his best-selling studio rap album. He remained well known during the 1990s.



Chan Zuckerberg Initiative

Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI) is an organization belonged to Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook founder and his wife Priscilla Chan. They invested 99 percent of their wealth from their Facebook shares.

Biohub

Biohubs is a non-profit research organization. It was founded in 2015.

Tax avoidance

Tax avoidance is a legal way to avoid or reduce the tax payed to the government or state. It contrasts with tax evasion, which is illegal dodges to avoid paying tax. A tax shelter is one type of tax avoidance. Tax havens are places which offer low tax. 

The World Bank's World Development Report 2019 on the future of work says governments should curb tax avoidance. It remains a fact that tax avoidance is the way many companies and rich people manage to pay as little tax as possible.

Corrine Brown

Corrine Brown (born November 11, 1946, Jacksonville, Florida) is an American former politician. Brown was a member of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Florida from 1993 to 2017. She is a Democratic Party member. When Brown was indicted federally on criminal corruption charges, she was defeated during the 2016 Democratic primary by Al Lawson, a former member from the Florida Senate.

Brown worked with the Florida House of Representatives in the state's 17th district from 1982 to 1992.

On Monday afternoon May 11, 2017, Brown was convicted of eighteen out of twenty-two criminal charges against her. The charges included conspiracy, filing false tax returns and mail fraud. A federal appeals court overturned her convictions seven months later.

Zhou Xuan

Zhou Xuan was an iconic Chinese singer and film actress. By the 1940s, she had become one of China's "Seven Great Singing Stars". 

She was nicknamed the "Golden Voice", and had a movie career until 1954. She recorded more than 200 songs and appeared in over 40 films in her career.


Dried fruit

Dried fruit is fruit that has almost no moisture in it. They are dried in the sun or with the help of dryers or dehydrators. Unlike ordinary fruits, they are more preserved. People use it for sweeteners or snacks. 

There are also succade. 

National memorial

A national memorial is a designation in a country or a nation for an officially recognized area that memorializes a historic person or certain event respectively.

Lynne Spears

Lynne Irene Spears (born Lynne Bridges in Magnolia, Mississippi, May 4, 1955) is an American novelist, author and mother of American pop singers Britney and Jamie Lynn Spears and of motion picture and television producer Bryan Spears. 

Spears owned and operated a child day care in Kentwood, Louisiana. Her daughter Britney teamed up with what was then called "The All New Mickey Mouse Club" in that program's final two seasons.

Lynne Spears co-wrote several books with her oldest daughter Britney. The first, "Heart to Heart", was published in 2000. It was a biographical book about Britney. Another book, titled "A Mother's Gift" was published by Britney and her mother one year later. Their third novel, "Through the Storm: A Real Story of Fame and Family in a Tabloid World", was published in September 2008.

Tapas

Tapas is a snack in Spanish cuisine before the main dishes. In some places of Spanish-language countries this snack is called in different ways. In Central American countries they are known as bocas. In Mexico tapas are called "botanas".

Hoogmoed's tree frog

The Hoogmoed's tree frog ("Boana roraima") is a frog that lives in Guyana and Venezuela. Scientists have seen it between 490 and 1600 meters up in the mountains.

MSN Games

MSN Games is a gaming website. It has single player, multiplayer, social casino video games, and downloadable content for PCs. These games are available for a free trial, and there are full-feature payable versions.

MSN Games is part of Xbox Game Studios and is linked to the MSN portal. It was made by MSN and Microsoft Corporation, it was created in 1996 by MSN Broadband. In the early year of 1996, Bill Gates introduced <nowiki>"MSN Gaming Zone"</nowiki> which would be on at MSN Broadband. 

The first version of the site, known as "The Village," was started by Kevin Binkley, Ted Higgs, and Hoon. In 1996, an employee of Microsoft Steve Murch convinced Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer to buy the game site, which was owned by Electric Gravity. The site was renamed to "Internet Gaming Zone" and released in 1996.
On January 10, 2009, MSN Internet Access was removed from Windows XP and Windows 2000 because it no longer ran MSN Gaming Zone. On July 31, 2019, later after the release, Microsoft announced that they would no longer continue servicing the MSN Internet Games Zone for Windows XP and Windows ME. It was removed from Windows Vista on August 2, 2019, and from Windows 7 on January 22, 2020, after 5 days of ending support.



Tanzeem Ittehad-I-Ummat

Tanzeem Ittehad-I-Ummat (Urdu:تنزیم اتحاد امت) is not a political organisation, and its edicts are not legally binding.

In recent years it was impossible for transgender people to marry in Pakistan, where gay marriage remains punishable by life imprisonment, and since 2018 “third gender” is recognised on official identity cards.

Over the years, transgender rights have come a long way all over the world. For instance, protections for transgender sex workers and private escorts have come into place to ensure that trans women and men can work more safely.

The head of the religious organisation appealed to the nation in a press conference accompanied by other religious leaders at Lahore Press Club. They asked central leaders of protesting religio-political parties to keep “extremist elements” away from their sit-ins and called for a resolution of all issues through dialogue. Whereby Muhammad Zia Ul Haq Naqshbandi, a senior scholar of the Lahore-based head of the ""Tanzeem Ittehad-I-Ummat"" appealed to Chief Justice of Pakistan which issued a fatwa, said parents who deprived their transgender sons or daughters of inheritances were “inviting the wrath of God”.

The fatwa declared that: - 

The controversial fatwa also stated that any act intended to “humiliate, insult or tease” the community was forbidden, and that transgender persons should not be deprived of family inheritances, nor the right to be buried in Muslim ceremonies.

Whilst the fatwa has been welcomed by Pakistan’s LGBT community, it was received with widespread cross-sect opposition from the country’s many Islamic groups who perceived the ruling as a passive acceptance and encouragement of LGBT activity.

This group wields influence due to its tens of thousands of followers across Pakistan respectively.

Life as a transgender person in Pakistan is difficult to say the least, but it may get a little easier with the help of a group of Islamic clerics.

Transgender persons in Pakistan have never enjoyed equal rights to other citizens in a society where discussion of gender or sexuality was taboo. They often act as the entertainment at weddings, singing and dancing to make money, but they cannot themselves get married due to Pakistani law.

It was only in 2012 that Pakistan’s Supreme Court ruled in favour of transgender people receiving identity cards, allowing them the right to vote after 65 years of disenfranchisement, but while this legal ruling was handed down, it has not been enforced completely.

Despite the legal ruling, many are still not issued with a national identity card, without which they are cut off from daily tasks such as buying airline tickets or opening bank accounts. Some are forced to roam the streets as beggars by day and by night as prostitutes to survive.

A debate on the status of transgender people in Pakistan has been building since May, following the controversial death of a transgender patient in Peshawar who was not treated by doctors after being shot multiple times.

But an important change in status, one that does come with limiting conditions, has been affirmed by the unlikeliest of allies.

Fifty clerics from the Tanzeem-Ittehad-I-Ummat Pakistan (TIUP, or the The Pakistan Organization for the Unity of the Muslim Brotherhood) passed a fatwa - a religious ruling that is binding upon their followers - that has changed the status of transgender people - or "hijras", as they are called in Southern Asia.

According to the ruling, a copy of which was obtained by NBC News, transgender people who "have the signs of masculinity" can be legally and religiously married to other transgender people who "have the signs of femininity". Also, "regular" men and women can marry transgender partners from the opposite sex.

But the ruling, while granting the trans community the same funeral ceremony rights as non-transgender Muslims, also warned them that they have to live by the same code of Islam as regular Muslim men and women: "praying, fasting, charity, performing the Hajj and other Shariat [Islamic law] duties."

The ruling goes a step further and promises transgender people rights of inheritance, saying those parents who disown their transgender children will be subjected to "Allah's damnation." Also, "taunting, teasing, attacking or even thinking of them as inferior" is "haram" - strictly forbidden - according to the ruling, and "can become a reason for Allah's displeasure." The fatwa, passed by Chairman TIUP Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq Naqshbandi and more than 50 other clerics, was celebrated by Trans Action Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, a transgender activist group based in Peshawar.


Toshiba satellite CL10-B-100

The Toshiba Satellite CL10-B-100 is a very small laptop made by Toshiba. It is designed to have a light weight and low price. It runs Windows 8.1 as its operating system.

Shafter, California

Shafter is a city in Kern County, California. Its population in 2020 was 19,953.

Tehachapi, California

Tehachapi is a city in Kern County, California. It is in the mountains between the San Joaquin Valley and the Mojave Desert. Tehachapi had a population of 12,939 in 2020, comprising 8,225 males and 4,714 females. There are many more males than females because Tehachapi has a state prison.

August 2021 Gulf of Oman incident

On 3 August 2021 the asphalt tanker "Asphalt Princess", travelling from Khor Fakkan, UAE to the Sohar, Oman, was attacked and boarded in the Gulf of Oman.

In August 2021, "Asphalt Princess" was reported to have been hijacked in the Gulf of Oman, 60 miles to the east the port of Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates. The hijackers are possibly supported by Iran.

Three similar attacks happened in May 2019, June 2019 and July 2021.

Gholam-Ali Haddad-Adel

Gholam Ali Haddad-Adel (, born 9 May 1945) is an Iranian philosopher, conservative and principlist politician and former chairman of the Parliament. He was the first non-cleric in the job since the Iranian Revolution of 1979. He was one of the candidates in the 2013 presidential election. 

Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf

Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf or Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf (, born 23 August 1961) is an Iranian conservative politician. Ghalibaf has been the 23rd Speaker of the Parliament of Iran since 2020. He was the Mayor of Tehran from 2005 to 2017. He was cmmander of the Revolutionary Guards' Air Force from 1997 to 2000.

Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i

Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i (, ; born 29 September 1956) is an Iranian conservative politician, Islamic jurist and prosecutor. In July 2021, he became the Chief Justice of Iran.

Vice President of Iran

The Vice President of Iran (, "M'avân-e Renisjimhur-e Iran") is a politician hired by the President of Iran to lead an organization related to Presidential activities. , there are 12 Vice Presidents in Iran. 

The First Vice President () is the most important as he or she leads cabinet meetings when the president cannot.

Hassan Habibi

Hassan Ebrahim Habibi (, 29 January 1937 – 31 January 2013) was an Iranian politician, lawyer and scholar. He was the first vice president from 1989 until 2001 under Presidents Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammad Khatami. 

Mohammad Reza Aref

Mohammad Reza Aref (, born 19 December 1951) is an Iranian engineer, academic and reformist politician. He was the Vice President of Iran from 2001 until 2005.

Parviz Davoodi

Parviz Davoodi (; born 5 February 1952) is an Iranian politician. He was the first Vice President of Iran from 2005 until 2009.

Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei

Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei (; born 16 November 1960) is an Iranian conservative politician. He was a cabinet member during the President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad administration. He was the First Vice President of Iran for one week in 2009 until his resignation was ordered by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.

Mohammad Reza Rahimi

Mohammad Reza Rahimi (, born on 11 January 1949) is an Iranian politician who was first vice president from 13 September 2009 until 3 August 2013. 

On 15 February 2015, Rahimi was convicted of corruption and was sent to jail at Evin Prison.

Padma Sachdev

Padma Sachdev (17 April 1940 – 4 August 2021) was an Indian poet and novelist. She was the first modern woman poet of the Dogri language. She was known for her poetry collection "Meri Kavita Mere Geet" (My Poems, My Songs). It won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1971. She also received the Padma Shri in 2001. 

Graham McRae

Graham McRae (5 March 1940 – 4 August 2021) was a New Zealand racing driver. He was known for his success in Formula 5000 racing. He won the Tasman Series each year from 1971 to 1973. He came in 16th place at the 1973 Indianapolis 500 and won Rookie of the Year.

McRae died on 4 August 2021 at the age of 81.

Miroslav Lazanski

Miroslav Lazanski (; 18 September 1950 – 3 August 2021) was а Serbian journalist, military analyst, politician, and a diplomat. He was the Serbian Ambassador to Russia from 2019 until his death. He was a member of the National Assembly of Serbia from 2016 to 2019 as member of the Serbian Progressive Party. Lazanski was born in Karlovac, PR Croatia.

Lazanski died on 3 August 2021 in Belgrade from a heart attack, aged 70.

National Assembly (Serbia)

The National Assembly (, ) is the unicameral legislature of Serbia. The assembly is made up of 250 deputies who are elected to four-year terms by secret ballot. The assembly elects a president (speaker) who presides over the sessions.

Kazimierz Kowalski

Kazimierz Kowalski (30 July 1951 – 1 August 2021) was a Polish operatic bass and opera manager. He worked at the Grand Theatre, Łódź. He founded an opera and operetta festival in the spa town of Ciechocinek in 1998. Kowalski was born in Łódź, Poland.

Kowalski died on 1 August 2021, two days after his 70th birthday.

Kleenex

Kleenex is a brand name for many paper products, such as facial tissue, bathroom tissue, paper towels, tampons, and diapers. The name is a popular genericized trademark for facial tissue in the United States. It is a trademark of Kimberly-Clark Worldwide, Inc. Kleenex products are made in 30 countries and sold in more than 170 countries.


Hubert Ingraham

Hubert Alexander Ingraham (born 4 August 1947) is a Bahamian politician. He was Prime Minister of the Bahamas from August 1992 to May 2002 and again from May 2007 to May 2012. He is a member of the Free National Movement Party (FNM).

Jody Hamilton

Joseph Hamilton (August 28, 1938 – August 3, 2021) was an American professional wrestler, promoter, and trainer. He was best known as one half of the tag team The Assassins where he was called "Assassin #1". He was born in St. Joseph, Missouri. In the late 1980s, Hamilton founded Deep South Wrestling (DSW). 

Hamilton died under hospice care on August 3, 2021 in Georgia, at the age of 82.

The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter

Pan de jamón

Pan de jamón () is a type of bread eaten in Venezuela. It is commonly eaten during the Christmas season.

The dough is made with flour, yeast, butter, egg, sugar, salt, and milk. The dough is then filled with ham, olives, and raisins.

It is unknown where the bread came from. Miro Popić, a Venezuelan journalist thought that it came from Gustavo Ramella, a owner of a bakery in Caracas in 1905. In that time, only ham was used as the filling. It had became very popular that other bakeries sold the bread with other fillings like raisins, and then olives and nuts.

As the time passes, new type of this bread have been made. Some are now filled with cream cheese, turkey, and mushrooms. Some use puff pastry as the dough instead.

Wasakaka

Wasakaka (also spelled Guasacaca) is a sauce commonly eaten in Venezuela. It is made by mixing avocado, parsley, bell pepper, coriander, onion, garlic, salt, black pepper, and other seasonings. It is commonly eaten with grilled meats, cakes, empanadas, tequeños, appetizers, and other traditional dishes. It is similar to guacamole, but with a stronger flavor.

The ingredients can be either chopped up or blended. Some fats like mayonnaise or extra virgin olive oil can also be added to the mix.


Mocha, Yemen

Mocha is a city in Yemen. As of 2021, about 10,000 people lived there. It is also known as Al-Makha. From the 15th to the 18th century, it was the main city, where coffee was traded. Mocha was also the main port city for Yemen's capital, Sana'a. In recent times, the ports of Aden and Al Hudaydah have become more important. 

Byram, Mississippi

Byram is a city in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States. Byram had 12,666 people living there during the 2020 census.

Indo-Persianate architecture

The Indian subcontinent's Islamic period produced architecture that drew stylistically from Persianate culture, using features such as domes, iwans, minars, and baghs. Early Islamic rulers tended to use spolia from Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain buildings, resulting in an Indianised style which would be refined by later kingdoms. Hence monuments came to feature uniquely Indian architectural elements, such as corbelled arches and jali. The main buildings produced were mosques, forts, and tombs. These still stand today and are well-represented in the architecture of cities such as Lahore, Delhi, and Hyderabad, to name a few. 

Indo-Persian architecture was not exclusive to Islamic power, as the members and rulers of other religions incorporated it in their monuments. Sikh architecture is a notable example of this. The Hindu Vijayanagara Empire used Indo-Persian architecture in courtly monuments.

Beauregard, Mississippi

Beauregard is a village in Copiah County, Mississippi, United States.

Big Creek, Mississippi

Big Creek is a village in Calhoun County, Mississippi, United States.

Slate Springs, Mississippi

Slate Springs is a village in Calhoun County, Mississippi, United States.

Sardis, Mississippi

Sardis is one of two county seats of Panola County, Mississippi, United States.

United States congressional delegations from Idaho

These are tables of congressional delegations from Idaho to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives.

The current dean of the Idaho delegation is Senator Mike Crapo, having served in the Senate since 1999 and in Congress since 1993.

List of lieutenant governors of Idaho

The Lieutenant Governor of Idaho is a constitutional statewide elected office in the U.S. state of Idaho. According to the Idaho Constitution, the officeholder is elected to a four-year term.

The current Lieutenant Governor of Idaho is Republican Scott Bedke, who took office January 2, 2023.

Idaho has had 43 lieutenant governors since 1890. Five people have served twice as Idaho Lieutenant Governor: O. E. Hailey (1927–1929; 1929–1931), G. P. Mix (1931–1933; 1935–1937), Charles C. Gossett (1937–1939; 1941–1943), Donald S. Whitehead (1939–1941; 1947–1951) and Jim Risch (2003–2006; 2007–2009).

, there are seven surviving former lieutenant governors of Idaho; the eldest is Phil Batt at . The most recent death was that of Mark Ricks (served 2006–2007), who died at age 92 in September 2016.
^ Also served as governor


Milavče train crash

The Milavče train crash happened when two passenger trains collided head-on in Milavče, Plzeň Region, Czech Republic on 4 August 2021. Three people were killed and 67 others injured.

The trains were a local service and an international service from Munich, Germany to Prague. Both trains were operated by České dráhy.

The cause of the accident is unknown if it was either caused by technological or human error.

Boana caiapo

Boana caiapo is a frog that lives in Brazil.

From the top, this frog's head looks round. It has three light brown stripes on its back from head to tail. There are two dark brown stripes in between the light brown stripes. The backs of its back legs are purple with dark spots.

Dave Severance

Dave Elliott Severance (February 4, 1919 – August 4, 2021) was a United States Marine Corps colonel. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. During World War II, he was the commanding officer of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 28th Marines. He was a veteran of the Battle of Iwo Jima.

In February 2019, Severance turned 100. He died on August 4, 2021 in La Jolla, California at the age of 102.

Brian Henderson (television presenter)

Brian Weir Henderson AM (15 September 1931 – 5 August 2021) was a New Zealand-born Australian radio and television personality. He was known for his work with Nine Network in Australia. He worked as a television news anchor for Nine Network. He was a presenter and as host of "Bandstand". Henderson was born in Dunedin, New Zealand.

Henderson was diagnosed with kidney cancer in February 2020. He died on 5 August 2021 from the disease, aged 89.

Max Park

Max Park is an American solver of the Rubik's Cube. As of September 24, 2022, he holds the world record for solving five cubes in a row. His fastest average time is 4.86 seconds per cube.and he has a world record with a time of 3.314 seconds

Shazam! Fury of the Gods

Shazam! Fury of the Gods is a 2023 American superhero movie based on DC Comics. It is a sequel to "Shazam!" (2019) and the fourteenth movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). It is directed by David F. Sandberg.

It stars Zachary Levi, Asher Angel, Jack Dylan Grazer, Djimon Hounsou, Rachel Zegler, Helen Mirren, and Lucy Liu.

"Shazam! Fury of the Gods" released in the United States on March 17, 2023.

Two years after Thaddeus Sivana's defeat, Hespera and Kalypso, two of the daughters of the Titan Atlas, break into the Acropolis Museum in Athens, Greece to steal the Wizard's broken staff. The duo then take it to the imprisoned Wizard, forcing him to repair the staff and activate its powers.

In Philadelphia, Billy Batson and his "Shazamily" of foster siblings save people on the collapsing Benjamin Franklin Bridge, but are called out for its destruction. The group is drifting apart at home due to their growing up and having personal interests. Billy is worried about being kicked out of the Vasquez family after he turns 18 and ages out of the foster system. In a dream, as Shazam, Billy is warned by the Wizard about Hespera and Kalypso — he and the Shazamily research the Daughters.

Freddy Freeman, still bullied at school, falls for a new girl named Anne, to whom he shows off his superhero self. Unfortunately, Hespera and Kalypso arrive with the staff and steal Freddy's powers. Anne is revealed to be their youngest sister, Anthea. Billy and the other Shazamily try to save Freddy, but the daughters kidnap him and place a dome around the city, trapping everyone inside. Freddy is imprisoned along with the Wizard in the Gods' Realm. Hespera and Kalypso reveal they want revenge because the Wizard killed their father.

Meanwhile, the Shazamily enter the Rock of Eternity, where they encounter a sentient pen named "Steve," which they use to draft a letter to Hespera as a negotiation for Freddy's release. Billy meets Hespera, and, while the meeting is initially cordial, she and Kalypso soon fight the Shazamily. Pedro loses his powers during the fight, while Hespera is captured and returned to the Rock. Hespera easily breaks out and steals the Golden Apple, the seed of the Tree of Life. Meanwhile, Freddy and the Wizard try to escape the Gods' Realm with Anthea's help, just as Hespera returns with the apple. However, the Daughters argue as Hespera and Anthea want to use the Apple to revive their realm, while Kalypso wishes to plant it on Earth to conquer it. Freddy steals the apple but is found out, though Billy and the Shazamily show up, and Freddy reacquires his powers.

Billy and the Shazamily emerge with the Wizard in the Vasquez home, where they reveal their secret identities to their foster parents. Kalypso appears with a dragon named Ladon to acquire the Apple. All but Billy lose their powers in the skirmish while Kalypso retrieves the Apple. She intends to plant the Tree on Earth, rather than in the Gods' Realm, planning to terraform the Earth. Kalypso mortally wounds Hespera and depowers Anthea when they object. She later plants the tree at Citizens Bank Park, which spawns monsters that attack the city. Billy, in despair, asks the Wizard to revoke his powers, though the Wizard assures him he is a true hero.

Heeding the Wizard's words, Billy turns into Shazam and flies off to stop Kalypso, while the Shazamily enlist the help of unicorns to fend off the monsters in the city. Meanwhile, Shazam persuades a dying Hespera to help him stop Kalypso. Realizing the dome reacts violently to his lightning, Billy lures Kalypso to the Park while Hespera shrinks the dome to contain them. Billy fights Kalypso and Ladon before killing them both by overloading the staff with electricity, destroying the tree and Kalypso's army with them, at the cost of his own life.

Anthea brings Billy's grieving family to her kingdom for his funeral as they mourn for him. However, the demigoddess Wonder Woman suddenly appears and repairs the staff, imbuing it with her power before using it to revive the Gods' Realm and resurrect Billy, who happily reunites with his family. Billy then uses the staff to restore all of his siblings' powers. The Shazamily fixes their home while Anthea and the Wizard take up residence on Earth.

In a mid-credits scene, Emilia Harcourt and John Economos attempt to recruit Billy on behalf of Amanda Waller to join the Justice Society. In a post-credits scene, an incarcerated Sivana encounters Mister Mind once again and is frustrated that Mister Mind hasn't begun to enacting their plan yet.\

The champion of an ancient wizard, who possesses "the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the stamina of Atlas, the power of Zeus, the courage of Achilles, and the speed of Mercury"

Billy's physically disabled foster brother, who is a fan of superheroes. Grazer portrays Freddy's regular form, while Brody portrays his adult superhero form.


Billy's mature and academically-driven older foster sister. Currey also portrays Mary's adult superhero form, replacing Michelle Borth from the first film.

Billy's younger foster brother who is an obsessive gamer. Butler portrays Eugene's adult superhero form, while Chen portrays his regular form.[

Billy's older foster brother, who is openly gay, shy, and sensitive. Cotrona portrays Pedro's adult superhero form, while Armand portrays his regular form.

Billy's good-natured younger foster sister. Good portrays Darla's adult superhero form, while Herman portrays her regular form.




Billy's foster family also includes Marta Milans and Cooper Andrews as Rosa and Victor Vásquez, the foster parents of Billy and his siblings. Reprising their DCEU roles in the film while uncredited, Gal Gadot appears as Diana Prince / Wonder Woman, alongside Jennifer Holland as Emilia Harcourt and Steve Agee as John Economos in the mid-credits scene, and Mark Strong as Dr. Thaddeus Sivana and director David F. Sandberg as the voice of Mister Mind in the post-credits scene. Sandberg also cameos as a civilian who is attacked by one of Kalypso's monsters. Rizwan Manji, who portrayed Jamil in the DCEU television series , appears as an unnamed docent. P. J. Byrne briefly appears as Dr. Dario Bava, a pediatrician whom Billy confused as a therapist, while Diedrich Bader briefly appears as Mr. Geckle, a school teacher. Sandberg's wife Lotta Losten, who previously portrayed Dr. Lynn Crosby in the first film, cameos as a nurse who is saved by Shazam. Michael Gray, who portrayed Billy Batson in the 1970s television series, makes a brief cameo as a man on the street. Natalia Safran, wife of producer Peter Safran, cameos as a driver with kittens. CNN news anchor Wolf Blitzer makes a cameo appearance as himself.

 

Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom

Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom is 2023 American superhero movie about Aquaman. It is a sequel to "Aquaman" (2018) and the fifteenth and final movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) before it is "rebooted" as the DC Universe (DCU). ​The movie is directed by James Wan. It stars Jason Momoa as Aquaman alongside Amber Heard, Patrick Wilson, Dolph Lundgren, and Yahya Abdul-Mateen II.

"Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom" was released on December 22, 2023.

Superman III

Superman III is a 1983 superhero movie directed by Richard Lester from a screenplay by David Newman and Leslie Newman. It is based on the DC Comics character Superman. It is the third movie in the "Superman" movie series. It stars Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor, Jackie Cooper, Marc McClure, Annette O'Toole, Annie Ross, Pamela Stephenson, Robert Vaughn, and Margot Kidder.

A sequel, "", was released in July 1987.

David F. Sandberg

David F. Sandberg (born 21 January 1981) is a Swedish filmmaker. He also directed The Conjuring Universe spin-off horror movie "" (2017), and "Shazam!" (2019), the seventh movie in the DC Extended Universe.

Asher Angel

Asher Dov Angel (born September 6, 2002) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Jonah Beck in the 2017 Disney Channel series "Andi Mack" and as Billy Batson in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!".

Brishaketu Debbarma

Brishaketu Debbarma is a member of 12th Tripura Legislative Assembly. He is a former member of Indigenous People's Front of Tripura where he represented Simna constituency).

Cuban Olympic Committee

The Cuban Olympic Committee () is the organization that represents Cuban athletes in the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Pan American Games and the Central American and Caribbean Games. It was created in Havana in 1926; however, it was not formally recognized by the IOC until 1955. The organization is currently directed by José Fernández Álvarez.

The Cuban Olympic Committee is headquartered in Havana, Cuba.



Abbas Edalat

Abbas Edalat (Persian: عباس عدالت‎) is a British-Iranian academic, a professor of computer science and mathematics at the Department of Computing, Imperial College London and a political activist.

University of Warwick

University of Warwick (pronounce as "WORR-ik") is a British university. It is near Coventry, England between the West Midlands and Warwickshire.
It is organised into three faculties — Arts (humanities); Science, Engineering and Medicine; and Social Sciences. There are 32 departments. In 2019, Warwick had about 26,531 full-time students and 2,492 academic and research staff.

Mexican Olympic Committee

The Mexican Olympic Committee () (COM) is the organization that represents Mexican athletes in the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Pan American Games and the Central American and Caribbean Games. It was created and formally recognized by the IOC in 1923. The organization is currently directed by Carlos Padilla Becerra.

The Mexican Olympic Committee is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.

From the Universal Exposition of Paris (1900) Baron Pierre de Coubertin thought that Mexico could join quickly to the next Olympic Games In 1901 he met with ambassador of Mexico Miguel de Beistegui in Belgium, in this meeting was born idea to create a National Olympic Committee of Mexico. After meeting it was decided to send a letter to the then President of Mexico the General Porfirio Diaz to inform him that Beistegui would be the representative of Mexico before the International Olympic Committee. This occurred on May 25, 1901.

In 1923 Baillet Latour, then vice-president of the International Olympic Committee, visited Latin America to invite the countries to go to the Paris 1924 Summer Olympics. He arrived in Mexico after visiting the countries of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay on February 16, 1923.



Chigasaki, Kanagawa

Chigasaki () is a city in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.

Supernature (Goldfrapp album)

Supernature is the third studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp. It was released on August 17, 2005. 


Tokorozawa, Saitama

There Will Be Blood

There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American drama movie. It was directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. The movie is based on Upton Sinclair's novel "Oil!". It stars Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano. 

Bormes-les-Mimosas

Bormes-les-Mimosas is a commune of 8,223 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

The Fort de Brégançon is in the commune. It is the official retreat of the President of the French Republic since 1968.


Nagaoka

Nagaoka may refer to:




Le Bourguet

Le Bourguet is a commune of 38 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Upwelling

Upwelling is a rise of water from deep cold water towards the ocean surface. 

Upwelling occurs in the open ocean and along coastlines. The reverse process, called “downwelling,” also occurs when wind causes surface water to build up along a coastline and the surface water eventually sinks toward the bottom.

Kakogawa, Hyōgo


From Japanese census data,


Chaozhou

Chaozhou (), alternatively Teochew, is a prefecture-level city in eastern Guangdong province, China. In 2010, 2,669,844 people lived there.

Hegang

Hegang () is a prefecture-level city in northeastern Heilongjiang province, China. In 2010, 1,058,665 people lived there.

Xining

Xining () is the capital city of Qinghai province in western China. In 2010, 2,208,708 people lived there.

Guiyang

Guiyang () is the capital city of Guizhou province in central China. In 2010, 4,324,561 people lived there.

Haikou

Haikou () is the capital city of Hainan province in northern China. In 2010, 2,046,189 people lived there.

St. Gallen (disambiguation)

St. Gallen can mean:

List of governments of Israel

This is a list of governments of Israel.


Tomaszów Lubelski

Tomaszów Lubelski is a town in Lublin Voivodeship in southeastern Poland. In 2020, 18,783 people lived there and has an area of 13.29 km².

Sopot

Sopot () is a city in Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. It is on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea and has about 40,000 inhabitants.

Sopot is twinned with:

Boana freicanecae

Boana freicanecae is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it about 700 meters above sea level. It lives in forests on mountains.

Zakopane

Zakopane is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 26,846 people lived there. It is a ski resort.

Kasukabe, Saitama

From Japanese census data,

Metallicity

Metallicity is a term in astronomy. It means the amount of elements that are heavier than hydrogen and helium. 

Most of the normal physical matter in the Universe is either hydrogen or helium. Astronomers use the word ""metals"" as a convenient short term for ""all elements except hydrogen and helium"". This is different from the usual chemical or physical definition of a metal as an electrically conducting solid. 

Stars and nebulae with plenty of heavier elements are called "metal-rich", even though many of those elements are non-metals in chemistry.

The heavier elements come from stellar nucleosynthesis. Most elements heavier than hydrogen and helium in the Universe ("metals") are formed in the cores of stars. Over time, stellar winds and supernovae put the metals into the surrounding environment, enriching the interstellar medium. There it is material for the birth of new stars. Older generations of stars, which formed in the metal-poor early Universe, generally have lower metallicities than those of younger generations, which formed in a more metal-rich Universe.

Fukuyama, Hiroshima

2021 Welsh Conservatives leadership election

The 2021 Welsh Conservatives leadership election took place on 23 January 2021. It happened after Paul Davies resigned from being leader of the Welsh Conservatives, after people saying that he had broken COVID-19 rules.

After a short talk between people in the Welsh Conservatives, the group decided Andrew RT Davies should be the new leader.

Takarazuka, Hyōgo


From Japanese census data,


University of Geneva

The University of Geneva () is a university in Geneva, Switzerland. It was founded in 1559. As of 2018, it had 17,271 students.


Ajicero criollo

Ajicero criollo or picante criollo () is a spicy sauce from Venezuela. It is similar to the Chilean pebre or Mexican pico de gallo.

The sauce is made by macerating onions, garlic, sweet pepper, chili pepper, pepper grains, carrot, ají chirel (a small, but spicy pepper), and paprika with other spices and vinager. Buttermilk can also be added to the mix.

This sauce is used as a side to sancochos or grilled foods.


Richard Trumka

Richard Louis Trumka (July 24, 1949 – August 5, 2021) was an American lawyer and organized labor leader. He was President of the AFL–CIO from 2009 until his death. He was the secretary-treasurer of the AFL-CIO from 1995 to 2009. He was president of the United Mine Workers from 1982 to 1995. He was born in Nemacolin, Pennsylvania.

Trumka died on August 5, 2021 from a heart attack in Washington, D.C., aged 72.

Nemacolin, Pennsylvania

Nemacolin is a census-designated place (CDP) in Greene County, Pennsylvania, United States.

The population of the CDP was 826 at the 2020 census.

Thomas R. Donahue

Thomas Reilly Donahue (born September 4, 1928 died February 18, 2023) is an American lawyer and labor organizer. He was Secretary-Treasurer of the AFL–CIO from 1979 to 1995. He was President of the AFL–CIO for a short time in 1995, and President Emeritus since 1996. Donahue was born in New York City.

Yevhen Marchuk

Yevhen Kyrylovych Marchuk (, 28 January 1941 – 5 August 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the 4th Prime Minister of Ukraine from 1995 until 1996. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 1995 until 2000. Marchuk was a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was born in Holovanivsk Raion, Ukraine.

Marchuk unsuccessfully ran for President of Ukraine in 1999. He was a close advisor to President Petro Poroshenko.

Marchuk died of heart and respiratory failure caused by COVID-19 on 5 August 2021 in Kyiv, aged 80.

Hassaballah El Kafrawy

Hasaballah Mohamed El Kafrawy (, 22 November 1930 – 5 August 2021) was an Egyptian engineer and politician. He was Minister of Housing of Egypt from September 1977 to October 1993 during the Hosni Mubarak presidency. He was also governor of the Damietta Governorate from 1976 until 1977. El Kafrawy was born in Kafr Saad, Egypt.

El Kafrawy died on 5 August 2021 in Cairo, aged 90.

Tachi Yamada

Tadataka "Tachi" Yamada MD, KBE (山田忠孝 Yamada Tadataka or "ターチ Tachi"; 5 June 1945 – 4 August 2021) was a Japanese-born American physician and gastroenterologist. He was born in Tokyo. He was an executive for Frazier Healthcare Partners. Yamada received an honorary appointment as Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire.

Yamada died on 4 August 2021 in Seattle, Washington from a heart attack at the age of 76.

Jaco Van Dormael

Jaco van Dormael (born 9 February 1957) is a Belgian movie director and screenwriter. He is best known for his movie Mr. Noboby.

Åke Lundqvist

Åke Bertil Lundqvist (9 June 1936 – 4 August 2021) was a Swedish actor. He was born in Gävle Parish, Sweden. He was known for his roles in "Häxan Surtant" and in "Beck – Mannen med ikonerna". He also played bookkeeper Schröder in the "Gösta Berlings" movie series. His career began in 1973.

Lundqvist died on 4 August 2021 in Högalid, Sweden at the age of 85.

Yu Ying-shih

Yu Ying-shih (; 22 January 1930 – 1 August 2021) was a Chinese-born American historian, sinologist, and academic. He was a professor at Princeton University. He was known for his writing about Chinese history and philosophy. He also worked at Harvard University and Yale University. Yu was born in Tianjin, China.

Yu died on 1 August 2021 in Princeton, New Jersey at the age of 91.

Bogliasco

Bogliasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Liguria region in Italy.

Ventimiglia

Ventimiglia (; ) is a city in northern Italy. Ventimiglia is in the Liguria Region and has about 24,000 inhabitants. It is on the Italian Riviera and borders France.

Erchie

Erchie is a "comune" in the Province of Brindisi in the Apulia region in Italy.

Kessler Twins

Alice and Ellen Kessler (born 20 August 1936 in Nerchau, Saxony, Germany) are twin entertainers known in Europe, especially Germany and Italy, from the 1950s and 1960s and until today for their singing, dancing, and acting. They are usually credited as the Kessler Twins (Die Kessler-Zwillinge in Germany and Le Gemelle Kessler in Italy), and remain popular today.

In the US, they were not as popular but appeared in the 1963 movie "Sodom and Gomorrah" as dancers and appeared on the cover of Life Magazine in that year. They made their American television debut on 12 February 1963 on the "Red Skelton Hour", acting in his comedy sketch and dancing and singing a duet. They also performed on "The Ed Sullivan Show".

Their parents, Paul and Elsa, sent them to ballet classes at the age of six, and they joined the Leipzig Opera's child ballet program at age 11. When they were 18, their parents used a visitor's visa to escape from East Germany to West Germany, where they performed at the "Palladium" in Düsseldorf. They performed at "Le Lido" in Paris between 1955 and 1960, and represented West Germany in the 1959 Eurovision Song Contest, finishing in 8th place with "Heute Abend wollen wir tanzen geh'n (Tonight we want to go dancing)".

They moved to Italy in 1960 and gradually moved to more serious roles. At the age of 40, they agreed to pose on the cover of the Italian edition of Playboy. That issue became the fastest-selling Italian Playboy up until that point.

They moved back to Germany in 1986 and currently live in the Munich suburb of Grünwald. They have received two awards from both the German and Italian governments for promoting German-Italian cooperation through their work in show business.


2021 British Isles heat wave

The 2021 British Isles heat wave happened for 10 days between the 15 July 2021 and 25 July 2021. It was when the temperature was hotter than it usually was. This caused some new records in how hot the weather got in the British Isles.

The Met Office said that there might be a lot of heat in some places, and made a extreme heat warning for some places in the United Kingdom. Just before this, all nations in the British Isles said it was the hottest day of the year.

Microsoft Bug Bounty Program

Microsoft Bug Bounty Program is a competition which allow it's contestants to find and report vulnerabilities in software before malicious hackers find and exploit those weak points in return the contestants are offerd security researchers sizable sums of money.

Khamaj

Khamaj is an Hindustani classical Music based Raga which is named after Khamaj Thaat. Khamaaj is also known for having many popular Thumri's and Ghazal's composed in this raaga.

The Whole Year is Christmas

The Whole Year is Christmas () is a 1960 Argentine fantasy movie directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Raúl Rossi, Olga Zubarry, Carlos Estrada, Nelly Meden, Leonardo Favio, Ricardo Castro Ríos, Mabel Kerr, Enrique Guarnero.

Voodoo Island

Voodoo Island is a 1957 American horror thriller movie directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Boris Karloff, Beverly Tyler, Murvyn Vye, Elisha Cook Jr., Rhodes Reason, Jean Engstrom, Adam West. It was distributed by United Artists.


Jamake Highwater

Jackie Marks, Jack Marks, or J. Marks (February 14, 1931 – June 1, 2001), also called Jamake Highwater, was an American writer, news writer and television show host. He was white but he pretended to be Native American. For many years, whites and Native Americans thought he was an expert on Native American culture. He wrote books about Native American culture. He helped make television series that were about Native Americans or had Native Americans in them.

Marks was born on February 14, 1931. Alexander Hill Marks and Marcia Marks were his parents. Alexander Hill Marks had been born in New York City and Marcia Marks in Russia. Both had ancestors from Eastern Europe. Alexander Hill Marks was Jewish.

Marks worked for the San Francisco Contemporary Dancers from 1954 to 1967. He was a director and dance arranger. He got in trouble for giving students "American college degrees" even though his school was not accredited, meaning that no accrediting agency had said it was a good enough school to give degrees.

Marks did not pretend to be a Native American all at once. He started slowly.

In 1969, he said his mother was Cherokee. In 1970, Columbia Records wrote that Marks' mother was Cherokee and called "Marcia Highwater." In Marks' book, "Mick Jagger", the author page says that "J Marks" was only a pen name and the author's real name was "Jamake Mamake Highwater."

In 1974, Marks wrote in a legal document that Marcia and Alexander Marks were his adoptive parents, and Marks' birth parents had been a half-Blackfoot woman and Cherokee man. Marks later said his father had also been John Wayne's stunt double.

In the 1980s, Native American activist Hank Adams found out that Marks was not really Native American and printed what he knew in newspapers. For a while, he thought Marks was really Gregory J. Markopoulos, a moviemaker. Markopoulos spoke to Adams and showed he wasn't Marks. In 1986, Adams sued Marks. Adams said in the lawsuit that Marks had lied about being Native American so the federal government would give him money for his work. The court dismissed the charges. However, Marks stopped asking for government money for projects about being Native American at about this time.

President of the National Council of American Indians Joe DeLaCruz removed Marks from the NCAI in 1984. He said this:

"This person is not an Indian, has no personal or professional experience or academic expertise regarding Indians, has falsely held himself forth as an Indian and an Indian expert, has claimed academic credentials he does not possess and has published under his own name extremely derivative materials from the works of others. Importantly, this person has invented and repeated stereotypic and biased information about Indians."

However, not everyone believed that Marks wasn't really a Native American. Some people believed but did not care. Marks worked as a Native American Advisor on a television show in the 1990s. When Marks died in 2001, the "LA Times", "Washington Post", and "New York Times" all printed articles about his life and death that said he was Native American.

Marks died in 2001 of a heart attack. He had been diagnosed with AIDS ten years before. His body was burned to ashes and the ashes were put in the Pacific Ocean.

Marks wrote nonfiction, for example "The Primal Mind: Vision and Reality in Indian America". PBS made this book into a television show, "The Primal Mind", in 1984. Marks was the host of the show. The National Educational Film Festival said this was their program of the year. The National Cable Television Association gave it an ACE Award.

Marks wrote fiction, for example "Anpao: An American Indian Odyssey" and "The Sun, He Dies: A Novel About the End of the Aztec World". He also wrote poetry and travel books. In 1978, "Anpao" won the Newberry Honor Award. It also won many awards from the American Library Association and School Library Journal.

In the 1990s, Marks was the Native American advisor on "", which had a Native American character called Chakotay.



Gil Stauffer

Gil Stauffer is a Spanish company dedicated to transportation and moving. It was founded in 1905 in Madrid, Spain. It is in Madrid, Seville, Barcelona, Zaragoza, Salamanca, Malaga, Tenerife and other Spanish cities. 

It was a forerunner in the use of the TECO system (express container train) in Spain.

Gil Stauffer was founded in 1905 by Antonio Gil. It started as a furniture storage company in a small warehouse in Madrid, Spain.

It created offices in the main Spanish cities, with a commercial network that covered the peninsula and the Canary and Balearic Islands. It developed industrial packaging, air cargo, storage and distribution of goods, and transfer of works of art; later it was extended to international transport. When the war ended in 1939 with the victory of General Francisco Franco, all trucks used by the regime were returned.

The company was sold to a financial group that established the franchise system in 1993, with branch managers becoming owners of their own area franchise.

Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City

Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccon City is an 2021 survival horror movie, written and directed by Johannes Roberts. Based on the first and second games by Capcom and it serves as reboot of the "Resident Evil" movie series. The reboot movie is starring by Kaya Schodelario, Robbie Amell, Avan Jogia, Tom Hopper, Donal Louge and much more.

Monster Hunter (movie)

Monster Hunter is a monster movie, is directed, writen, and produed by Paul W. S. Anderson. Based on video game series of the same name by Capcom. The movie starring Milla Jovovich as US Army Ranger Captain Nathalie Artemis, Tony Jaa as Hunter, Ron Perlman as the Admiral, Diego Boneta as Marshall, Tip "T.I." Harris as Lincolin, Jin Au-Yeung as Axe, Josh Helman as Steeler, Hirona Yamazaki as Aiden, Aaron Beelner as Palico, and much more actor/actress.

A Gathering of Eagles

A Gathering of Eagles is a 1963 American romantic drama movie directed by Delbert Mann and starring Rod Taylor, Rock Hudson, Kevin McCarthy, Henry Silva, Robert Lansing, Leif Erickson, Mary Peach, Richard Anderson, Louise Fletcher. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1964.

Major General "Happy Jack" Kirby conducts a surprise inspection of an Air Force Base in California and finds several inadequacies. Wing commander Colonel Jim Caldwell, tasked to rectify the issues, faces challenges in implementing strict policies and considers dismissing his vice-commander, and old friend, Colonel Hollis Farr, for indiscipline. The decision strains Caldwell's marriage due to rumors of his wife's affair with Farr. However, when an emergency arises and Farr successfully handles a crisis by breaking protocol, Kirby, after demanding an explanation, acknowledges he would've done the same, leading to the wing passing its test and Farr potentially retaining his position.


DNA methyltransferase

DNA methyltransferase (DNA MTase, DNMT) is a "family" of enzymes, They catalyze the transfer of a methyl group to DNA. 

DNA methylation has many biological functions.

Three active DNA methyltransferases have been identified in mammals. They are named DNMT1, DNMT3a, and DNMT3b. Recently, a fourth enzyme DNMT3c has been discovered specifically expressed in the male germline in the mouse. 

What these enzymes do is make DNA methylation work. DNA methylation is how methyl groups are added to the DNA molecule. "Methylation can change the activity of a DNA segment without changing the sequence". When positioned in a gene promoter, DNA methylation acts to stop gene transcription.

Dog Soldiers

Dog Soldiers is a 2002 British American Luxembourgian horror movie directed by the first time director Neil Marshall and starring Sean Pertwee, Kevin McKidd, Emma Cleasby, Liam Cunningham, Thomas Lockyer, Darren Morfitt. It was distributed by Pathé.


The Wastrel

The Wastrel () is a 1961 Italian Cypriot drama movie directed by Michael Cacoyannis and starring Ellie Lambeti, Van Heflin, Franco Fabrizi, Fosco Giachetti, Annie Gorassini, Clelia Matania.

Jit (movie)

Jit is a 1990 Zimbabwean romantic comedy movie directed by Michael Raeburn and starring Dominic Makuwachuma, Sibongile Nene, Farai Sevenzo, Winnie Ndemera, Oliver Mtukudzi, Lawrence Simbarashe.

LGBT conservatism

LGBT conservatism refers to a socio-political movement which embraces and promotes the ideology of conservatism within an LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) context. Gay conservatives may also refer to lesbian or gay persons with socially and/or economically conservative political views. The number of openly LGBT advocates for conservative policies has only become increasingly apparent since the advent of the modern LGBT civil rights movement in the 1970s while many more LGBT conservatives remain closeted in countries where other socially conservative politicians have led the most organized opposition to LGBT rights efforts as well as the backlash from liberal and left-leaning LGBT social activists. 

In 1975, the Conservative Group for Homosexual Equality (CGHE) was founded in the United Kingdom by Peter Walter Campbell. It was the first LGBT conservative organization ever.

There are those who are LGBT people who believe in economical (or other form of) conservativism and there are LGBT people who believe in Social Conservatism and they don't accept LGBT rights (like same sex marriage, civil unions, adoption).

LGBT+ Conservatives

LGBT+ Conservatives is an organisation for LGBT conservatism in the United Kingdom. It is affiliated and is the official LGBT wing of the Conservative Party.


LGBT+ Liberal Democrats

LGBT+ Liberal Democrats is a British lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and other sexual minorities equality group of the Liberal Democrats political party.


Equality before the law

Equality before the law, also known as equality under the law, equality in the eyes of the law, legal equality, or legal egalitarianism, is the principle that all people must be equally protected by the law. The principle requires a systematic rule of law that observes due process to provide equal justice, and requires equal protection ensuring that no individual nor group of individuals be privileged over others by the law. 


Campaign for Homosexual Equality

The Campaign for Homosexual Equality (CHE) is a membership organisation in the United Kingdom with a stated aim from 1969 to promote legal and social equality for lesbians, gay men and bisexuals in England and Wales.

From 2015 the organisation has stated on its page that it "no longer has the resources to offer assistance to individuals experiencing discrimination, whether in the UK or elsewhere."

Coalition for Equal Marriage

The Coalition for Equal Marriage is a British campaign group created in 2012 by Conor Marron and James Lattimore, a same-sex couple, to petition in support of civil marriages for gay couples. 

Anna Kostivna Lypkivska

Hanna Kostivna Lypkivska (; 18 May 1967 – 24 March 2021) was a Ukrainian theatrologist. 

In 2011 she won the theater studies and theater criticism prize of the . She taught at the Kyiv National I. K. Karpenko-Kary Theatre, Cinema and Television University.

Lypkivska died in Kyiv on 24 March 2021, aged 53 from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Ukraine.

Organisation Intersex International

The Organisation Intersex International (OII) is a global advocacy and support group for people with intersex traits.

Intersex UK

Intersex UK is an organisation by and for intersex people (those born with differences of sex development or variations of sex anatomy) in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Intersex UK works to protect the bodily autonomy and civil rights of intersex children, adolescents, and their families through government lobbying and educational outreach.

Minorities Research Group

The Minorities Research Group (MRG) (est. 1963) was the first organisation to openly advocate the interests of lesbians in the United Kingdom. After the legalisation of male homosexuality in the UK with the implementation of the Sexual Offences Act 1967 other more political organisations had appeared, such as the Campaign for Homosexual Equality which focuses on equal rights for all homosexuals. These superseded the objectives of Minorities Research Group and helped bring about its demise and evolution.

Sexual Offences Act 1967

The Sexual Offences Act 1967 is an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom (citation 1967 c. 60). It legalized homosexual acts in England and Wales, on the condition that they were consensual, in private and between two men who had attained the age of 21. The law was extended to other parts of the UK respectively by 1982.

Tory Campaign for Homosexual Equality

The Tory Campaign for Homosexual Equality (TORCHE) was a British LGBT conservative organization.

Naz and Matt Foundation

Naz and Matt Foundation is a charity based in the United Kingdom that tackles homophobia triggered by religious and cultural beliefs. The Foundation campaigns in the national media and give talks in schools and universities. They provide support to LGBTQI individuals and their family to help resolve challenges linked to sexuality, gender identity and religion.

The organisation was established in 2014 following the death of Dr Nazim Mahmood, by his long term fiancé Matthew Ogston.

Bras, Var

Bras is a commune of 2,663 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Brenon

Brenon is a commune of 27 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Brue-Auriac

Brue-Auriac is a commune of 1,397 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Cabasse

Cabasse is a commune of 1,961 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Cadière-d'Azur

La Cadière-d'Azur is a commune of 5,563 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Callas, Var

Callas is a commune of 1,934 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.


Callian, Var

Callian is a commune of 3,252 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Callian is twinned with:

Calliano, Piedmont

Calliano is a "comune" in the Province of Asti in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Calliano is twinned with:

Calliano, Trentino

Calliano () is a "comune" in Trentino in the Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region in Italy.

Calliano is twinned with:

Calliano

Calliano is the name of two comunes in Italy:


Callian

Callian is the name of two communes in France:


A Town Like Alice (movie)

A Town Like Alice is a 1956 British Australian war drama movie directed by Jack Lee and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Nevil Shute. It stars Virginia McKenna, Peter Finch, Kenji Takaki, Jean Anderson, Maureen Swanson, Marie Lohr, Geoffrey Keen, Nora Nicholson, Vincent Ball.

Burbot

The burbot ("Lota lota") is the only gadiform (cod-like) freshwater fish. It is also known as bubbot, mariah, freshwater cod, freshwater ling, freshwater cusk, the lawyer, coney-fish, lingcod, and eelpout.

The burbot can live under ice, and it needs frigid temperatures to breed. "These were ice-age fish that once swam unhindered in a glacial world".

The burbot looks like a cross between a bowfin and eel.

These fishes live in large, cold rivers, lakes, and reservoirs. They mostly prefer freshwater habitats.



Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020 was the eightteenth edition of the contest. It took place at the TVP Headquarters, Warsaw, Poland on 29 November 2020, Polish broadcaster Telewizja Polska (TVP) was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""Move The World"".

On 8 September 2020, it was confirmed that twelve countries would take part in the contest. Germany would make their first appearance, while Albania, Australia, Ireland, Italy, North Macedonia, Portugal and Wales would not return, having participated in 2019.

Armenia withdrew from the contest on 5 November 2020 due to the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war, reducing the number of participating countries to 12.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received from each country's professional juries.

The following people announced the jury 12 points for their respective country:

Rusty tree frog

The rusty tree frog, zebra frog, duck-footed frog, giant tree frog, or giant gladiator tree frog ("Boana boans") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Panama, Ecuador, and Trinidad.

The adult male frog is 101 to 128 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 91 to 123 mm long. The skin on the male frog's back is brown and the skin on the female frog's back is orange-brown. Both male and female frogs have dark bars on their bodies. Both male and female frogs have bellies that are almost white.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lays eggs during the time of year when there is less rain. The male digs a hole that fills with water. This hole is called a nest basin. The male frogs usually build nest basins near streams so the water will get in. Male frogs fight each other for the best places to dig. The female frog leaves 1300 to 3000 eggs on the surface of the water in the nest basin. The tadpoles are light brown or almost white. Fish do not like to eat these tadpoles.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2021

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2021 will be the nineteenth edition of the contest. It will take place at La Seine Musicale, Paris, France on 19 December 2021, French broadcaster France Télévisions will be the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest is ""Imagine"".

19 countries competed in the 2021 edition. Belarus will be absent for the first time after the country's broadcaster BTRC was expelled from the EBU.

Command prompt

Command Prompt (also known as cmd.exe, cmd) is a Windows program found in all windows versions that can be used to execute commands (for example codice_1 will ping the Google website, and codice_2 will forcefully terminate the Internet Explorer application.

The Command Prompt is also found in other operating systems, such as ReactOS and Linux.

Hanna, Louisiana

Hanna is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Shotgun (1955 movie)

Shotgun is a 1955 American western movie directed by Lesley Selander and starring Sterling Hayden, Yvonne De Carlo, Zachary Scott, Guy Prescott, Robert J. Wilke, Angela Greene, Paul Marion. It was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures.

Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors

The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors (LACBOS) is the five-member governing body of Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Members of the Board are officially nonpartisan, and are elected by constituents of their respective districts. As of 2020, they are:

Sheila Kuehl

Sheila James Kuehl (born February 9, 1941) is an American politician and actress. She is a member of the member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors for the 3rd District. Kuehl was California's first openly gay state legislator. 

Michael D. Antonovich

Michael Dennis Antonovich (born August 12, 1939) is an American politician. He was a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors from 1980 until 2016 as a Republican.

Holly Mitchell

Holly J. Mitchell (born September 7, 1964) is an American politician. She has been a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors since 2020 as a member of the Democratic Party.

Janice Hahn

Janice Kay Hahn (born March 30, 1952) is an American politician. She has been a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors from the 4th district since 2016. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Hahb was a U.S. Representative from California from 2011 to 2016.

Kathryn Barger

Kathryn Ann Barger-Leibrich is an American politician. She has been a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors since 2016. She is a member of the Republican Party.

Emilio Bianchi Di Cárcano

Emilio Bianchi Di Cárcano (April 5, 1930 – August 2, 2021) was an Argentine Roman Catholic priest. He was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Azul from 1982 to 2006, and Bishop emeritus of Azul until his death in August 2021. Bianchi di Cárcano was born in Buenos Aires. He became a priest in 1960.

Bianchi Di Cárcano died in Buenos Aires on August 2, 2021, at the age of 91. 

Yūsuke Kinoshita

On 26 July 2021, Kinoshita was hospitalized in Nagoya, Japan after after going into cardiopulmonary arrest. He died eight days later on 3 August, aged 27.

Razzy Bailey

Rasie Michael "Razzy" Bailey (February 14, 1939 – August 4, 2021) was an American country singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Five Points, Alabama. His career began in 1966. He was best known for singing "Loving Up a Storm", "Midnight Hauler" and "She Left Love All Over Me".

Bailey died on August 4, 2021 in Goodlettsville, Tennessee at the age of 82.


Goodlettsville, Tennessee

Goodlettsville is a city in Davidson and Sumner counties, Tennessee.

Maurice Brun

Maurice Brun (2 July 1925 – 5 August 2021) was a French politician. He was mayor of Montluçon from 1972 to 1977 and as a Deputy from 1973 to 1978. Brun was born in Montluçon. 

Brun died on 5 August 2021 in Allier, France, aged 96.

The Texican

The Texican is a 1966 American Spanish western movie directed by Lesley Selander and starring Audie Murphy, Broderick Crawford, Diana Lorys, Luz Márquez, Anthony Casas, Antonio Molino Rojo, Aldo Sambrell. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Reg Gorman

Reg Gorman (2 August 1932 – 5 August 2021) was an Australian television actor and comedian. He was known for his role as Jack Fletcher in "The Sullivans" and as Harry Patterson in "Fergus McPhail". Gorman was born in Sydney.

Gorman died on 5 August 2021 at a hospital in Melbourne from cancer, three days after his 89th birthday.

Yuri Trutnev (scientist)

Yuri Alexeyevich Trutnev (Russian: Ю́рий Алексе́евич Тру́тнев; 2 November 1927 – 6 August 2021) was a Russian theoretical physicist and nuclear engineer. Trutnev was born in Moscow. He was the Emeritus Professor of the National Research Nuclear University MEPhI (Moscow Engineering Physics Institute). He was known for working on some thermonuclear weapons for the Soviet Union such as the RDS-37 and Tsar Bomba.

Trutnev died on 6 August 2021 in Sarov, Russia at the age of 93.

Sarov

Sarov () is a closed town in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia. It was known as Gorkiy-130 (Горький-130) and Arzamas-16 (). Until 1995, it was known as Kremlyov/Kremlev/Kremljov (). In 2002, the population was 87,652.

Lalibela

Lalibela () is a town in Lasta district of North Wollo Zone in Amhara Region, Ethiopia. It is famous for rock-cut monolithic churches. 

The Rock-Hewn Churches were declared a World Heritage site in 1978.

Gabriel Boric

Gabriel Borić Font (born 11 February 1986) is a Chilean politician and activist. Boric is the 37th and current President of Chile since 2022. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2014 until 2022.

During the 2019 civil unrest in Chile, Boric was one of the politicians who helped create a referendum to change the Constitution. 

In 2021, he was selected as the presidential candidate of the Apruebo Dignidad coalition. He defeated José Antonio Kast in the second round of the presidential election, winning 55.9% of the votes. He is the youngest president in Chile's history and the second youngest state leader in the world. He is also the first Chilean president born during the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.

Gabriel Borić Font was born in Punta Arenas in 1986. He has two brothers, Simón and Tomás. He moved to Santiago to study at University of Chile's law school in 2004. He failed his law exams and never graduated with a law degree.

In 1999 and 2000, Boric was part of the Federation of Secondary School Students of Punta Arenas. While at university, he joined the Autonomous Left. He was an advisor to the Students' Union of the Law Department in 2008 and became its president in 2009. He also represented students as a university senator from 2010 to 2012.

Boric ran for Deputy in 2013 as an independent candidate to represent District 60. He was elected with 15,418 votes (26.2%), the highest number received by any candidate in the region. Boric was mentioned as one of the most popular politicians in Chile according to different opinion polls.

In the 2017 general election, Boric ran for re-election as an independent candidate supported by the Humanist Party. He won by 18,626 votes (32.8%).

During his time, he was criticized for not dressing formally.

Boric was the nominee for President of Chile in the 2021 election. In November 2021, he advanced to the second round facing José Antonio Kast. He was elected the 37th President a month later on 19 December after winning almost 56% of the vote. He is the youngest president of Chile ever elected. He was inaugurated on 11 March 2022.

Boric announced the ministers of his cabinet in January 2022. Fourteen out of twenty-four ministers are women, making it the first cabinet in the Americas where more than half of its members are women. He also nominated the first openly LGBT ministers in Chile's history. He also hired Maya Fernández Allende, the granddaughter of former president Salvador Allende, in his cabinet.

On his first day, Boric pushed for a law to create a 40-hour working week and increase the minimum wage. Also, he has proposed workers' representatives and gender equality on boards of large companies. He has proposed the creation of a state company for lithium mining, increase the royalties paid by mining companies and protect the environment.

During the first months of government Boric and people working with his government have had threats and physical aggression. In April, Boric was attacked by a man who attempted to throw a stone at him. On May one of Boric's bodyguards was kidnapped and shot in the arm by unknown assailants. 

Boric made his first presidential trip in April 2022, to Argentina, where he met with President Alberto Fernández. In Argentina, Boric said that any territorial issues with Argentina would be solved and supported Argentina's rule over the Falkland Islands.

In April 2022, polling showed that Boric's disapproval rate had passed his approval rate. Another poll that same month, found a similar increase in the disapproval of presidency. The rise in disapproval is because of high inflation and violence in Araucanía.

In May 2022, Boric decided to send troops to the southern part of the country, during the rising violence in the Mapuche conflict. Boric lost support from the Communist Party of Chile with this move.

Boric has been open about his mental health issues such as obsessive–compulsive disorder. He took leave from congress for a few weeks after being hospitalized for it in 2018. He is known for being a fan of rock and heavy metal music. Boric is known for having visible tattoos and was the first Latin American head of state to have visible tattoos.

Boric started a relationship with anthropologist and sociologist Irina Karamanos in 2019. They have a pet dog, called Brownie. They live in Punta Arenas.

Boric and Karamanos announced the end of their relationship in November 2023.


Milavče

Milavče is a municipality and village of the Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.

On 4 August 2021, two trains crashed near the village.


Camps-la-Source

Camps-la-Source is a commune of 1,902 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Cannet-des-Maures

Le Cannet-des-Maures is a commune of 4,282 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Caribbean philosophy

Caribbean philosophy is the study of thought by philosophers of the Caribbean. It also deals with people and situations within Caribbean societies.
Caribbean philosophy often asks questions about race, slavery, freedom, emancipation, gender issues, and decolonization. Caribbean philosophy examines thought practices in other fields such as literature, music, and historical writings.

Afro-Caribbean philosophers write about the Afro-Caribbean intellectual tradition.

Caribbean philosophical texts are written in several languages such as English, and French, Spanish. For example,José Martí and Eugenio María de Hostos wrote in Spanish about Cuban and Puerto Rican independence. Caribbean women philosophers include Ofelia Schutte, Sylvia Wynter, and Giannina Braschi. They write on many different subjects including racism, sexism, economy, and oppression.

American and Latin American philosophy receive more academic attention than Caribbean philosophy. To combat that, the Caribbean Philosophical Association was founded on June 14, 2003 in Mona, Jamaica.  







The Suit (2003 movie)

The Suit (Russian: Шик) is a 2003 internationally comedy-drama movie directed by Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov and was based on the 1958 short story "The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit" by Ray Bradbury. It stars Ivan Kokorin, Aleksandr Yatsenko, Artur Smolyaninov, Ingeborga Dapkūnaitė, Ruslana Rukhadze, Andrei Panin, Elena Drobysheva.

Jaffa Cakes

Jaffa Cakes are a small kind of sweet snack that are named after the Jaffa orange. They are made with orange-flavored jam, and chocolate. McVitie and Price introduced them in the United Kingdom in 1927. Even though they look like biscuits, a court ruled that they are actually cakes. The court case was because biscuits are taxed differently than cakes. 

McVitie's did not register the name "Jaffa Cakes" as a trademark. For this reason, other biscuit manufacturers and supermarkets have made similar products under the same name. The product's classification as a cake or biscuit was part of a VAT tribunal in 1991, with the court finding in McVitie's favour that the Jaffa cake should be considered a cake for tax purposes. In 2012 they were ranked the best selling cake or biscuit in the United Kingdom.

Bombs Over Burma

Bombs Over Burma (also known as The Devil's Sister) is a 1942 American World War II drama movie directed by Joseph H. Lewis and was based on the story by Milton Raison. It stars Anna May Wong, Noel Madison, Nedrick Young, Dan Seymour, and Frank Lackteen.


The Future of Emily

The Future of Emily is a 1984 German French drama movie directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms and starring Brigitte Fossey, Hildegard Knef, Ivan Desny.


Jiizas: di Buk We Luuk Rait bout Im

Jiizas: di Buk We Luuk Rait bout Im is a translation of the Gospel of Luke from Biblical Greek to Jamaican Patois. It was made for the Jamaican Creole Translation Project, which is done by the Bible Society of West Indies, which is in Kingston. It came out in printed and audio forms in summer 2010. They also made "Di Jamiekan Nyuu Testiment", which came out in the United Kingdom and Jamaica in 2012.

This is a translation of Luke 1:28, when the angel Gabriel first visits the virgin Mary.

<div style="font-style:italic">

</div style>


Google Hangouts

Google Hangouts was an instant messaging software released on May 15, 2013 in iOS, in Android on May 20, 2013 and Microsoft Windows on May 16, 2014 in Google Chrome, Internet Explorer and Firefox. It was developed by Google Inc. It was later replaced by Google Hangout Meet, which is now called Google Meet.

In May 15, 2013. Google Hangouts has 3650,09% in release for worldwide. After released in iOS and iPadOS, in May 20, 2013. Google announced Google Hangout has launch for Android. In January 30, 2014. Google Hangout has 6,007% pillar running for Google website in Google Chrome for Microsoft Windows. After however, in May 16, 2014. Google Chrome has released Hangout to more browsers. 

On February 9, 2015. Google introduced Google Hangouts Meet, which was replaced by Google Meet on February 14, 2015.

Meir Kahane

Meir Kahane (born Martin David Kahane, August 1, 1932 – November 5, 1990) was an orthodox Rabbi. He was an Israeli politician, and served one term in the Knesset. Kahane was from Brooklyn, New York City. He was one of the founders of the Jewish Defense League, in 1968. He wanted to establish radical Zionism, and replace the current democracy in Israel with a Jewish theocracy. He also wanted to evict most non-Jews from israel, and the occuppied territories, and to establish a state called Greater Israel. Many democratic Israelis saw him as a radical, Jewish racist. 

In the US, he was convicted for producing explosive devices, to be used in connection with terrorism. In Israel, he was convicted for plotting to blow up the Libyan embassy in Brussels. Both convictions happened in the 1970s.

On 5 November 1990, Kahane was shot in the neck by El Sayyid Nosair, an American citizen from Egypt after he had given a speech in New York. He was 58 years old.

Marty

Marty is a 1955 American romantic drama movie directed by first time director Delbert Mann and was based on the 1953 teleplay of the same name by Paddy Chayefsky. It stars Ernest Borgnine, Betsy Blair, Joe Mantell, Karen Steele, Frank Sutton, Jerry Paris and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 8 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1956.


Torii

A torii is a traditional Japanese gate in shinto shrine. This is a symbol of Japanese religion shinto. 

Some "torii" have tablets with writing mounted between the crossbars and may have "shimenawa" rope. Traditionally, torii are made of wood or stone. Recently, torii are made of steel and stainless steel.

Roy, Louisiana

Roy is an unincorporated community in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Belmont, Louisiana

Belmont is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Present simple tense

The present simple (also called "simple present") tense mainly describes actions that happen frequently in the present time.

In affirmative (or positive) sentences, the base verb is used. If the subject is 3rd person singular (she, he, it) an s, es or ies is added to the verb.


Negative sentences in the present simple are formed with do not or does not + base verb.


In informal situations and in speech, the short forms don't / doesn't may be used.

Yes / No question are formed using Do / Does + subject + base verb.

Wh-questions begin with one of the wh-question words.


Statements of facts, which are always true, are expressed using the present simple tense.


Actions people frequently do, such as habits and routine actions, are expressed using the present simple tense.


These are actions that last for a long time like working or living in a certain place.


These events happen at scheduled times: classes, flight, bus trips, train trips,TV shows, etc.


The present simple verb is used in if conditionals (if clauses) types 0 and 1 to talk about possible conditions.


The verb to be has 3 forms in the present simple.


The verb be is used to make affirmative and negative sentences and questions.


Adverbs of frequency show how many times an action is repeated. The most common of these adverbs are: always, usually, often, sometimes, rarely, and never. Other expressions of frequency include the word every (every day, every week, etc.) and the adverbs "daily, weekly, etc".

Generally, adverbs of frequency come before the main verb of the sentence. However, if the main verb is a verb be, the adverb comes after the verb.


Marieve Herington

Marieve "Maria" Herington (born 22 February 1988) is a Canadian actress, singer, and voice actress. She is best known for voicing Tilly Green from "Big City Greens".


Ed Emery (politician)

Edgar G. H. Emery (May 25, 1950 – August 7, 2021) was an American businessman, engineer, and Republican politician. He was a member of the Missouri Senate from 2013 until 2021. He was also a member of the Missouri House of Representatives from 2003 until 2011. Emery was born in Nevada, Missouri.

In June 2021, Emery announced his plans to run for the United States House of Representatives for Missouri's 4th district in 2022.

Emery died at a hospital in Columbia, Missouri on August 7, 2021 from a heart attack, aged 71.

Julio César Anderson

Julio César Anderson Quiroga (27 November 1947 – 7 August 2021) was a Guatemalan professional football striker. He played the majority of his career for C.S.D. Municipal. He also played for the football team and represented them at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Anderson died on 7 August 2021 in New York City, aged 73.

Take My Breath

"Take My Breath" is a song recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter the Weeknd. It was released August 6, 2021, as the lead single from his fifth studio album "Dawn FM". The Weeknd has also revealed that the song was used for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo (aired in 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic).

The song is a disco and dance-pop song with a length of three minutes and 40 seconds. The Weeknd wrote the song with Belly, Max Martin, and Oscar Holter. He produced the song with Holter and Martin.

Carlos Ruiz

Carlos Humberto Ruiz Gutiérrez (born 15 September 1979), nicknamed "El Pescadito" ("The Little Fish"), is a Guatemalan former professional footballer. 

Ruiz has played for five MLS clubs (Los Angeles Galaxy, FC Dallas, Toronto FC, Philadelphia Union, and D.C. United).

He was a member of the Guatemalan national team from 1998 to 2016.

Brad Allan

Bradley James Allan (14 February 1973 – 7 August 2021) was an Australian martial artist, action choreographer, actor, and stunt performer. He was born in Melbourne, Australia. He was known for his stunt works in "Rush Hour 2", "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" and "".

Allan died on 7 August 2021 in Melbourne of a heart attack, aged 48.

Rolf Erling Andersen

Rolf Erling Andersen (3 July 1947 – 7 August 2021) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was a member of the Norwegian Parliament from 1997 until 2005.

Andersen died on 7 August 2021 at the age of 74.

Alireza Azizi

Alireza Azizi (, 14 January 1949 – 7 August 2021) was a Iranian association football midfielder.

He was a member of the national team from 1972 until 1976. He represented the team at the 1972 Summer Olympics and at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Robbie Cooke

Robert Leslie Cooke (16 February 1957 – August 2021) was an English footballer and manager.

Cooke played as a forward in the Football League. He played for Peterborough United and Brentford. 

He managed Warboys Town and later became a scout.

Grantham

Northampton Spencer

Individual

Patrick Kilpatrick

Patrick Kilpatrick (born Robert Donald Kilpatrick Jr.; August 20, 1949), an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer, journalist, international entertainment speaker and teacher.

He appeared in villain roles in "The Replacement Killers"  (1998), "Eraser" (1996), "Last Man Standing" (1996), "Minority Report" (2002), "" (1995), "The Presidio" (1988), "Last Stand at Saber River" (1997)  and "Crossfire Trail" (2001).

Kilpatrick is running for Governor of California in the 2021 recall election as a Democrat.

Chris Bell (director)

Chris Bell (born November 3, 1972) is an American director, producer and writer, known for his documentaries "Bigger, Stronger, Faster*" (2008 as Christopher Bell), "Trophy Kids", and "Prescription Thugs" (2015). His movies are mostly about addictions to drugs, like prescription drugs. Chris gives a view on the ways that American culture makes decisions. He continues to be an outspoken advocate for those suffering from addiction and their families.

Bell is the brother of Mark Bell and Mike Bell, both of whom were featured in "Bigger, Stronger, Faster*". In 1997, Bell got his Bachelor of Arts in movie making from the University of Southern California.

Bell currently lives in California. He founded his movie company Bigger Stronger Faster Inc, which is for making educational documentaries, films, and TV shows. After a hip replacement surgery in his younger years, he began using prescription drugs, which he struggled with for many years as an addict. The struggle went on for many years until he had gotten clean during the filming of his recent movie, "Prescription Thugs".

Bigger, Stronger, Faster* is a 2008 documentary about anabolic steroids being used to improve performance and how this is related to the American Dream. Trophy Kids is a 2013 film that is about how parents push their kids into too much sports. Prescription Thugs is a 2015 movie about people being addicted to prescription drugs and criticism of the pharmaceutical industry.

Angelyne

Angelyne (born Ronia Tamar Goldberg, October 2, 1950) is a Polish-born American singer, actress, personality, and model. She is known for being in many billboards in and around Los Angeles, California that read only "Angelyne".

In 1982 she released her self-titled debut album. Another album, "Driven to Fantasy" was released in 1986. Angelyne then appeared in small parts in movies such as "Earth Girls Are Easy" (1988), "Dangerous Love" (1988), and "Homer and Eddie" (1989).

In 2003, Angelyne became a candidate for Governor of California in the 2003 recall election. She began painting in 1998 and has had several art shows in Los Angeles.

Jaffa (disambigation)

Jaffa can stand for different concepts:

Amando Samo

Amando Samo (August 16, 1948 – August 7, 2021) was a Micronesian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1977. He became a titular bishop of Liberta and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Caroline Islands. From 1994 to 1995, he was coadjutor bishop of the diocese. From 1995 to 2020, Samo was bishop of the diocese.

Samo died on August 7, 2021 at the age of 72.

Katie Lowes

Katie Quinn Lowes (born September 22, 1982) is an American actress and theater director. She is best known for her role as Quinn Perkins in "Scandal".


Aryeh Gamliel

Aryeh Gamliel (, 11 March 1951 – 6 August 2021) was an Israeli politician and rabbi. He was a member of the Knesset for Shas between 1988 and 2003. Gamliel was born in Beersheba, Israel. From 1996 until 1999, Gamliel was Deputy Minister of Religious Affairs. 

Gamliel died on 6 August 2021 in Tel Aviv, aged 71.

Daniela Melchior

Daniela Melchior (born November 1, 1996) is a Portuguese actress. She is best known for playing Ratcatcher 2 in "The Suicide Squad" (2021). She also voiced Spider-Gwen in "" (2018).

London Underground D78 Stock

The London Underground D78 Stock is a type of Sub-surface tube built by Metro Cammel. These run on the District line and entered service January 28, 1980 and are still in service.

Effervescence

Effervescence is the release of gas from a mixture where water dissolves another substance, and the foaming and fizzing that results from the release.

The most common gas that is released in effervescence is carbon dioxide, however nitrogen gas can be dissolved to produce smaller bubbles.

Effervescence can be seen when opening a bottle of champagne, beer or some soft drinks. The bubbles that can be seen are produced by the escape from the dissolved gas (which cannot be seen while dissolved in the liquid).

In the laboratory, a common example of effervescence is seen when hydrochloric acid is added to a block of limestone. If a few pieces of marble or an antacid tablet are put in hydrochloric acid in a test tube fitted with a cork, it is possible to see an effervescence of carbon dioxide.

Martine Wright

Martine Wiltshire, MBE (first named Wright; born 30 September 1972) is a British sitting volleyball player.

Wright was born in London. She lost both her legs because of injuries from an explosion during the 7/7 London bombings in 2005.

The Girl Code

"The Girl Code" is the 10th episode of "The Simpsons" 27th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on January 3, 2016. In the episode, Marge Simpson puts a photo on social media that gets her wife Homer fired from his job. Homer later gets a new job at a Greek restaurant. Lisa makes a program that will tell people what will happen if they put something on social media.

The episode was written by Rob LaZebnik and Chris Clements is the director of the episode. Stephen Merchant guest stars in the episode as Conrad, a character in Lisa's program. Kaitlin Olson is the voice of Lisa's coding teacher, Quinn Hopper. About 4.41 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Iceland (movie)

Iceland is a 1942 American romance musical movie directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Sonja Henie, John Payne, Jack Oakie, Felix Bressart, Sterling Holloway, Osa Massen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Separate Tables

Separate Tables is a 1958 American romantic drama movie directed by Delbert Mann and was based on the two one act plays by Terence Rattigan. It stars Rita Hayworth, Deborah Kerr, David Niven, Burt Lancaster, Rod Taylor, Wendy Hiller, Gladys Cooper, Priscilla Morgan and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1959.


Santpedor

Santpedor is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Boana exastis

Boana exastis is a frog that lives in Brazil on the eastern side of the mountains.

FBI (disambiguation)

FBI may refer to:

The King of Fighters (movie)

The King of Fighters or KOF 2010 is an American science fiction-martial arts movie, that is loose adaptaion of SNK Playmore's best selling fighting game franchises. Directed by Gordon Chen, it was starring by Sean Faris as Kyo Kusanagi, Maggie Q as Mai Shiranui, Will Yun Lee as Iori Yagami and Ray Park as Rugal Bernstein.

No Way to Treat a Lady

No Way to Treat a Lady is a 1968 American black comedy crime thriller movie directed by Jack Smight and was based on the 1964 novel of the same name by William Goldman. It stars Rod Steiger, Lee Remick, George Segal, Eileen Heckart, Murray Hamilton, Martine Bartlett, Doris Roberts, Irene Dailey, Barbara Baxley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Trevor Moore (comedian)

Trevor Paul Moore (April 4, 1980 – August 6, 2021) was an American comedian, actor and musician. He was known as one of the founding members of the New York City-based comedy group the Whitest Kids U' Know (WKUK). He also directed and starred in the comedy "Miss March" (2009). Moore was born in Montclair, New Jersey.

Moore died on August 6, 2021 in Los Angeles after falling from his balcony while drunk, aged 41.

Markie Post

Marjorie Armstrong Post (November 4, 1950 – August 7, 2021) was an American actress. She was known for her roles as Terri Michaels in "The Fall Guy", Christine Sullivan on "Night Court" and as Georgie Anne Lahti Hartman on "Hearts Afire" from 1992 to 1995. Post was born in Palo Alto, California.

Post was diagnosed with cancer in 2017. She died from the disease on August 7, 2021 at the age of 70.

Oleksandr Rojtburd

Oleksandr Rojtburd (Ukrainian Олександр Анатолійович Ройтбурд; 14 October 1961 – 8 August 2021) was a Ukrainian artist. He was the co-founder of the theory of the Ukrainian Transavantgard. He worked as a painter and installation artist. From March 2018 to September 4, 2019 he was the director of the Odesa Art Museum. Rojtburd was born in Odesa, Ukraine.

Rojtburd died on 8 August 2021 in Kyiv at the age of 59.

Najma Chowdhury

Najma Chowdhury (26 February 1942 – 8 August 2021) was a Bangladeshi academic. She was known for creating women studies in Bangladesh. She founded the Women and Gender Studies department of the University of Dhaka. She was an advisor in the Muhammad Habibur Rahman caretaker government in 1996. Chowdhury was born in Sylhet, then-Bengal Presidency.

Chowdhury died on 8 August 2021 in Dhaka from COVID-19, aged 79.

Trinity (nuclear test)

Trinity test was the first test of a nuclear weapon. It took place on July 16, 1945 during the Manhattan Project. The code name "Trinity" was given by American physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer.

A tower-like structure was used for the experiment. This favored radioactive fallout. The landscape and the winds meant that "radioactive hot spots" formed. For four to five days after the experiment, farmers observed a flour-like white fallout. People about around the site used rainwater for drinking. The people in the area were not warned, or informed about ways to protect themselves. There were no evacuations. Instruments that were not adapted to do these measurements registered explosion rates up to 1.4 µC/kg/s. It was nearly impossible to assess the risk of contamination through α-radiation that came from about of unexploded Plutonium.
Even today, several decades after the event, the measurements of the experiment have not been rigurously analized. The amount of contamination of the affected public, through contaminated air, water and food, is unknown 


Artesia, New Mexico

Artesia is a city in Eddy County, New Mexico, United States. As of the 2020 census, 12,875 people live in Artesia.

Jennifer Winget

Jennifer Winget (born 30 May 1985), is an Indian actress. She is known for her work in Indian television series such as Dill Mill Gayye, Beyhadh and Bepannaah. She also appeared in Indian films Phir Se.


Michael Patrick Mulroy

Michael "Mick" Patrick Mulroy is the former US Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East. He worked in this position from October 2017 until December 2019. He was responsible for representing the United States Department of Defense defense policy and policy in the interagency on the Middle East. He is also a retired CIA Paramilitary Operations Officer and a United States Marine.

He co-founded the Lobo Institute, where he started working on a documentary about a child soldier called "My Star in the Sky". He also began working in the nonprofit Grassroots Reconciliation Group, became a Special Advisor to the United Nations, a Senior Fellow at the Middle East Institute, and a ABC News National Security Analyst.

The DASD for the Middle East is responsible for the policy of the US Department of Defense and represents the Department of Defense in interagency organizations in many countries.

Foreign Policy, and other media, said that Mulroy accepted the position because the former Defense Secretary Mattis was looking for a “nonpartisan and apolitical individual". Mulroy was awarded the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service for his efforts. In particular, for creating a plan on Yemen, developing a policy on Iran and for helping the White Helmets in Syria.

In January 2018, a National Defense Strategy was published, focusing on China, Russia, North Korea, Iran and the fight against terrorism. Mulroy was responsible for the implementation of the NDS in that region, including the conflicts in Syria, Iraq, Egypt and Yemen.

In October 2019, Mulroy presented the Irregular Warfare Annex. He said that it was part of the 2018 NDS. According to him, irregular warfare includes counter-insurgency, counter-terrorism, unconventional warfare, foreign internal defense, sabotage and subversion, stabilization (warfare) and information operations, among other areas.

Mulroy is a retired PMOO from the Special Activities Center of the CIA. CIA awards include the Intelligence Star, the Intelligence Commendation Medal, the Career Intelligence Medal and the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal, among others. He is also a recipient of the State Department's Superior Honor Award. Mulroy is also a godfather to four Gold Star daughters.

Mulroy is a retired U.S. Marine and served as a commissioned officer and an enlisted Marine on active duty and in the reserves. He served as an Armored Crewman (United States military occupation code (MOS) 1811) of a M1 Abrams tank, a Judge Advocate (MOS 4412) and an Infantry Officer (MOS 0302). His military awards include the Joint Service Commendation Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, the Iraq Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, among others.

In September 2020, the Atlantic Council started the Counterterrorism Study Group (CTSG). Their purpose was to understand emerging trends and future predictions in counter-terrorism. Mulroy was one of these experts as well as Gina Abercrombie-Winstanley, Mike Nagata, Matt Olsen, Nick Rasmussen, Russ Travers, and Owen West and others.

Mulroy opposed the decision to pull all U.S. military forces out of Afghanistan. He believed the U.S. should have kept a residual force that could have maintained what the coalition fought for over two decades.

Mulroy was a member of the volunteer group called TF Dunkirk. A group established to help former Afghan soldiers that worked with the US to leave Afghanistan and resettle in the U.S.

Mulroy believes that "we need to support the opposing side to the invasion and occupation in every possible way" and advocated the provision of military assistance to the Ukrainians. Mulroy advocated isolating Russia both economically and diplomatically. Mulroy also advocated bringing all those responsible for war crimes to an international tribunal or criminal court.

Mulroy was part of a group called Fogbow that helped create a sea route to bring humanitarian aid to Gaza in March 2024.

Mulroy along with Eric Oehlerich made a documentary "My Star in the Sky". It tells the story of survival, friendship and love between two child soldiers. This documentary has been screened at Yale University's Jackson Institute for Global Affairs, the Atlantic Council, the Enough Project, Georgetown University's Institute for the Study of Diplomacy and the Truman National Security Project.

Mulroy is on the Board of Directors for the Grassroots Reconciliation Group (GRG). GRG was initiated as part of a USAID-funded program called the Northern Uganda Peace Initiative (NUPI) to reconcile and rehabilitate former child soldiers of Joseph Kony's LRA. After USAID's contract with NUPI ended, co-founders Sasha Lezhnev and Kasper Agger continued helping these communities as a self-funded effort. Since 2007, GRG has worked with 38 groups and reached 2,200 people directly, and impacted more than 5000 indirectly.

Mulroy is a proponent of Stoic philosophy. In an essay in Modern Stoicism entitled, “A Case for the Philosopher King,” he pushed for a return of virtue ethics in school and teaching examples of those to look up to Marcus Aurelius, Harriet Tubman, Christina Noble, James Stockdale, John Lewis, Malala Yousafzai among others. He did this after citing the precipitous decline in the confidence Americans have in one another.

In an article for ABC News, “Where philosophy intersects with war training: stoic soldiers,” he and Donald Robertson advocated for using stoicism as a philosophy in the military due to its focus on wisdom, justice, temperance, and courage. He advocated for the U.S. military to incorporate stoicism into its basic training at a conference hosted by the U.S. Army National Guard in January 2021 and in a conference hosted by Modern Stoicism as one of the keynote speakers, along with retired National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster and Georgetown University Professor Nancy Sherman.

Mulroy is also a member of the board of advisors for Plato's Academy in Athens, Greece.

Mulroy serves on the board of advisors and/or directors of several non-profit organizations. These charities include Sound Off, Team America Relief, and FamilUSA.


Cheddar, Somerset

Cheddar is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England. It is on the southern edge of the Mendip Hills. In 2011, 5,755 people lived there.

Murphy, North Carolina

Murphy is a town in and the county seat of Cherokee County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,608 people live in Murphy.

VT-AXH

VT-AXH was a registration of a Boeing 737-800 which was built on November 2006 and was written off on August 2020. the 737 was operating Air India Express Flight 1344 from Dubai, UAE and crashed into a gorge at Kozhikode, India.
Manufacturer: Boeing

First flight: November 2006

Airliner: Air India Express

Status: Inactive

Country: India

Half Moon (movie)

Half Moon (Kurdish: "Nîwe Mang"/"Nîvê Heyvê") is a 2006 Iranian Austrian French Iraqi comedy-drama movie directed by Bahman Ghobadi and starring Ismail Ghaffari, Hedieh Tehrani, Golshifteh Farahani, Allah-Morad Rashtian.


Lurcher

A lurcher is a cross-bred dog. This breed of dog has a reputation for being a good family dog, but can be nervous, especially with strangers. The name Lurcher came from 'lerce', a Norman-French word for to lurk or hide. 


2019, After the Fall of New York

2019, After the Fall of New York () is a 1983 Italian French science fiction movie directed by Sergio Martino and starring Michael Sopkiw, Anna Kanakis, George Eastman, Romano Puppo, Paolo Maria Scalondro.


Carcès

Carcès is a commune of 3,414 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Carnoules

Carnoules is a commune of 3,490 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Carqueiranne

Carqueiranne is a commune of 9,555 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Castellet, Var

Le Castellet is a commune of 3,887 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Castellet

Le Castellet is the name of two communes in France:


Cavalaire-sur-Mer

Cavalaire-sur-Mer is a commune of 7,499 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Celle, Var

La Celle is a commune of 1,476 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Châteaudouble, Var

Châteaudouble is a commune of 474 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Aubin-des-Landes

Saint-Aubin-des-Landes () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in northwest France.

War widow

A war widow is a widow who lost her husband in a war. In the Second World War, about 5.5 mililon German soldiers were killed. After the war, there was about one million war widows in Germany. These people had lost their husband either in the First or Second World War. These widows were classified as being poor. Most of them were single parents, who still needed to raise their children. There was another problem: the money they received from the state was only paid as long as they were a widow. If they remarried, they would no longer get this money. This meant that many of them lived together with a new man, who helped raise their children, but which they could not marry. 

Eferding

Eferding is a town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is the capital of the Eferding District.


Roter Berg, Vienna

Roter Berg (in German meaning "Red Mountain") is a hill in the district of Hietzing in southwest Vienna, Austria. It is part of the Vienna Woods and has an altitude of 262 meters. A part of the hill is a park and is a large and important green space in Hietzing. Although the part of the hill that is a park, belongs to the State of Vienna, most of the hill is private property. However most of the green space that is private property, are not fenced and do not have any signs saying they are private property, and access is allowed. In winter, when it snows, the hill becomes a popular place with children who use sleds or skis to ride down the slopes, but with global warming, snow and these activities have become rare in Vienna.

Châteauvert

Châteauvert is a commune of 146 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Surtsey

Surtsey is an island in Iceland that appeared in 1963 as a result of an underwater volcanic eruption that released smoke, ash and matter that joined together to form the islet. It takes its name from a giant from Norse mythology.

It serves biologists and other scientists to study and see how fungi, plants and animals reach new territory and interact with it.

Sarthe (river)

The Sarthe is a river in western France. It is 313.9 km long. Together with the river Mayenne it forms the river Maine, which is a tributary to the river Loire.

It flows through the departments Orne, Sarthe and Maine-et-Loire.

Aire-sur-l'Adour

Aire-sur-l'Adour is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in southwest France.

It is on the river Adour.

Tarnos

Tarnos is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in southwest France.

Châteauvieux, Var

Châteauvieux is a commune of 81 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Claviers

Claviers is a commune of 706 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Cogolin

Cogolin is a commune of 11,556 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Canal Zone tree frog

The Canal Zone tree frog ("Boana rufitela") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Nicaragua, and Panama.

This tree frog is green or blue-green when it is an adult. When it is a young frog, it is green or yellow-green. The webbing between its toes is red. It has a round nose. Some frogs have stripes from the nose down the side of the body.

The adult male frog is 39 to 49 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 46 to 55 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult male frog has spines on its front feet. Scientists think this is so male frogs can fight each other.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. Human beings do not usually see this frog. Instead we hear the male frogs singing. This frog lays eggs in swamps inside forests.

Sirod

Sirod is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Jura department in east France.

Saint-Georges-de-Didonne

Saint-Georges-de-Didonne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Iron Eyes Cody

Espera DeCorti or Oscar DeCorti or Iron Eyes Cody (April 3, 1907 – January 4, 1999) was a Sicilian-American actor. He played Native American characters even though he was white. In real life, he told people that he was Native American. He was in more than 100 movies, many television shows, and the famous "Crying Indian" advertisement.

Cody was born April 3, 1907 in Kaplan, Louisiana. His parents, Antonio de Corti and Francesca Selpietra, were both from Sicily in Italy. Cody and his two of his brothers, Joseph William Corti and Frank Henry Corti, went with their father to Texas and then California. Joseph William and Frank worked as actors for a while and then stopped acting. Cody's mother remarried a man called Alton Abshire and had five more children.

He changed his name to Cody early. Sometimes he told people he had been born in the Oklahoma territory. Other times he said he was born in other places. He said his father was Cherokee and called "Francis Long Plume." He said his mother was Cree and called "Frances Salpet." He said his name had been "Little Eagle."

He began acting in movies in the 1930s. He was in more than 100 movies, for example "A Man Called Horse", "Sitting Bull", and "Paleface". He was on television on "Bonanza", "Gunsmoke", and "Rawhide". He sometimes acted with Colleen Moore, John Wayne, Richard Harris, and Steve McQueen. So many people believed he really was Native American that they paid him to be a consultant when they made movies or television shows.

In the 1950s, Cody and his wife had a television show where they talked about Native American history and other parts of the culture.

In 1996, a news writer from the "New Orleans Times Picayune" went to Louisiana and found out he was really an Italian American. He talked to Cody's half sister, May Abshire. Abshire showed the papers showing Cody had been baptized, which is a Christian blessing ceremony. He printed the story, but not everyone believed it. Cody said he was Native American all his life.

In the Crying Indian ad, Cody, dressed as a Native American, paddles a canoe through a stream. At first, the stream is clean and pretty but it becomes dirtier and full of garbage. He gets out of the stream and walks to a highway, where people throw garbage out of their cars. Then he slowly cries one tear. A voice says, "Some people have a deep, abiding respect for the natural beauty that was once this country. And some people don't. ... People start pollution. People can stop it." The ad was on television starting in 1971. The group Keep America Beautiful paid for and made the ad. It was about littering. The ad won many awards, for example two Clio Awards. Television stations played it so much that their copies of the film wore out and they had to get new ones.

Keep America Beautiful was run by packaging and drink companies. They tried to stop the government from passing laws that would be good for the environment. For example, they wanted to stop laws that would make them sell drinks in reusable bottles. Throwaway bottles were cheaper. So a law would be good for the environment but bad for the company. Keep American Beautiful wanted people to look at the ad and think individual people made pollution and not that big companies made pollution.

Trent University history professor Finis Dunaway says that the man in the Crying Indian ad "appears completely powerless. In the commercial, all he can do is lament the land his people lost," when, at the same time, real-life American Indians were working to solve their problems.

Another Crying Indian ad was on television in 1975. In 1998, the first one was on television again.

Cody married a Native American archaeologist called Bertha "Birdie" Parker. They adopted two Native American sons named Robert and Arthur. Cody lived his private life and raised his children as if they were all Native American. He wore moccasins and other Native American clothes in public.

According to his friends and family, Cody did believe that protecting the environment was very important. He worked to show Native Americans well in television and movies. He worked for Native American causes.

Not all Native Americans agree about whether Cody was good or bad or how far. The Hollywood Native community honored Cody because he represented them in movies and on television and fought bad ideas about American Indians. They said at the time that he was not Native American himself.

Cody died January 4, 1999 in his house in Los Angeles.


Brazil nut

The Brazil nut ("Bertholletia excelsa") is a tree from the family Lecythidaceae. It is native to South America. The trees are known for their nuts that come from the fruit of the plant.

The Brazil nut is known to be a large tree in the Amazon rainforest. It can be about tall and the diameter of its trunk is about . It could live for 500 years. Some trees could also reach a thousand years of age. The stem is straight and commonly does not have branches in half of itself.

Six-Fours-les-Plages

Six-Fours-les-Plages is a commune of 33,665 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Six-Fours-les-Plages is twinned with:

Zagarolo

Zagarolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region in Italy. It has about 18,000 inhabitants.

Zagarolo is twinned with:

Whitewashing in movies

Whitewashing, in movies, is when a white actor plays a character who isn't white, when a character's race is changed to white from something else, or when someone changes a story so that people who are not white seem less important.


Present continuous

The present continuous tense is one of the continuous tenses in English. (Continuous tenses are: present continuous, past continuous, and future continuous.)

The present continuous (also called "present progressive") tense mainly describes actions that are in progress at the time of speaking.

Affirmative sentences in the present continuous are formed using verb be (am / is / are) + base verb-ing.


The short forms 'm, 's, 're can be used in informal situations and in speech.

Bride Flight

Bride Flight is a 2008 Dutch Luxembourgian New Zealand romantic drama movie directed by Ben Sombogaart and starring Waldemar Torenstra, Anna Drijver, Karina Smulders, Elise Schaap, Micha Hulshof, Rutger Hauer.

Pistachio

The pistachio ("Pistacia vera") is a small tree from the family Anacardiaceae (also known as the Cashew family). It is well known for its seeds that are eaten as food. It is native to the Middle East and Central Asia.

The tree grows up to tall. Its leaves are 10–20 centimeters (4–8 inches) long.

The fruit is a stone fruit. Only the seed is edible. The fruit has a hard, cream-colored exterior shell. The seed has a mauve-colored skin and light green flesh. When the fruit ripens, the shell goes from green to yellow or red and splits a bit open. Different varieties split differently.

Pistachio trees can give of seeds on average every two years.

The shell of the pistachio is naturally a beige color, but it is sometimes dyed red or green. It is thought that dye was used by importers to hide stains on the shells when the seeds were picked by hand. Most pistachios are now picked by machine and the shells do not have stains.

Ancient Roman Mosaic of Lierna on Lake Como

The Ancient Roman Mosaic of Lierna on Lake Como or Lierna Mosaic it is a floor dating back to ancient Rome dating back to the 1st century (Augustan age) discovered in 1876 in Lierna on Lake Como, partly in a vineyard cultivated by the lake and partly in the cellar of an old café in the village's Piazzetta. Along with the precious floor, belonging to a noble villa of Ancient Rome, Roman columns, capitals, and a Roman wall at a depth of over 7.5 meters have been found, as well as numerous coins, objects, ceramics and jewelry.

The floor is now preserved in the Archaeological Museum of Lecco.

The decoration presents a composition of hexagons arranged in a honeycomb, outlined with a row of small dark tiles on a light background, internally filled with a dark hexagon with a light flower with six petals tangent to the vertices of the hexagon or a star with six points composed of a dark hexagon with, in the center, another dark hexagon delimited by six white triangles with lower vertices tangent to each other. The hexagons with the same internal decoration follow one another in alternating bands; in the preserved fragment, only the hexagons fielded by flowers are halved at the edge which, starting from the inside, is composed of a row of dark tiles, a band of three light tiles arranged perpendicularly to each other and a dark band, initially composed of a band of three tesserae with a similar arrangement and then of weaves with an oblique warp. The smallness of the preserved portion does not allow us to have an idea of ​​the extension of the mosaic, nor of the possible presence of a central emblem.
Unlike what is believed, the floor is of an important Roman villa, but it does not belong to the Villa Commedia di Plinio il Giovane which, is located on the same street but more distant and built "as is customary in Positano" or on a terracing carved into the top of a rock overlooking Lake Como.

Local legends handed down for centuries tell that the Golden calf adored by the local population, which dates back to the Celtic era, is also buried in Lierna.




No Good Read Goes Unpunished

"No Good Read Goes Unpunished" is the 15th episode of "The Simpsons" 29th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on April 8, 2018. The episode is about Marge taking the Simpson family to a library. She learns that a book she loved to read as a child is racist. Bart gets the book "The Art of War". He uses the book to get Homer to take him to a convention for video games. The episode was written by Jeff Westbrook and Mark Kirkland is the director of the episode. About 2.15 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

The episode makes an allusion to the documentary "The Problem with Apu". The documentary talks about how the character Apu Nahasapeemapetilon is a stereotype to Indian Americans. In the episode, Marge makes changes to the book she used to like ("The Princess in the Garden") and reads it to Lisa. The new changes make the book shorter and not as emotional. Lisa looks at a picture of Apu and says that something that was liked in the past "is now politically incorrect". Hari Kondabolu (the writer of "The Problem with Apu") wrote on Twitter that the episode did not get the meaning of the documentary. Many fans of "The Simpsons" thought that the show was not looking at the controversy of Apu seriously. Al Jean (showrunner of "The Simpsons") later said he would try to find a better way for the show to talk about the controversy.

Othello syndrome

Othello Syndrome is a psychological condition, where a person thinks that their partner is unfaithful, but does not have any proof for this behaviour. It is also known as pathological jealousy, morbid jealousy or delusional jealousy. The person will also behave in ways that are socially unacceptable or abnormal, but which are related to these thoughts. The most common form is characterized by delusions and obsessions. It is considered a subtype of delusional disorder.

As people are obsessed by the idea that their partner is unfaithful, they want to investigate and maintain their partner's fidelity, even if this causes big problems for themselves, and their partner.

This disorder occurs when a person accuses their partner of being unfaithful, even if there is little or no evidence for this. Very often people will use seemingly normal or everyday events or material to show this.

Unlike with other forms of delusion, people suffering from Othello syndrome, often stalk their partners, or they become violent. The condition can be found together with schizophrenia and a delusional disorder, such as bipolar disorder. It is associated with alcoholism and sexual dysfunction and has been reported after neurological illness (i.e. Parkinson's).

The name "Othello Syndrome" comes from the character in Shakespeare's play "Othello", who murders his wife as a result of a false belief that she has been unfaithful. Recently, some psychologists and psychiatrists have asserted that Othello was deceived rather than deluded about Desdemona's alleged infidelity and thus did not have ‘the Othello Syndrome’.

For men the strongest trigger is sexual infidelity and with women the strongest trigger is emotional infidelity. If partner-related violence does not stop infidelity from happening, the male mate will sometimes commit suicide instead. The last thing to do to stop infidelity inside of morbid jealousy is to kill their partner. Women are much less likely to do this, unless they act in self-defense. Morbid jealousy can occur together with other conditions such as chronic alcoholism, addiction to other drugs (i.e. cocaine, amphetamines, marijuana.), organic brain disorders (i.e. Parkinson's, Huntington's), schizophrenia, neurosis, affective disturbances or personality disorders.

People with this condition often think about killing themselves. This is also because Othello syndrome is often associated with depression and drug addiction.



La Valette-du-Var

La Valette-du-Var is a commune of 23,795 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Collobrières

Collobrières is a commune of 1,891 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Martha Mitchell effect

The Martha Mitchell effect is the name for a false diagnosis, where a medical professional falsely labels a patient's perception of real events as a delusion. Martha Mitchell (1918-1976) was the wife of John Mitchell, United States Attorney General in the Nixon administration. When she said that White House officials were involved in illegal activities, her claims were attributed to mental illness. In the end, the facts of the Watergate scandal proved her statements to be true. Because of what she had told, Martha Mitchell became known as "The Cassandra of Watergate".

When Martha married her second husband, John, in 1957, he was working as an attorney in New York City. Mitchell met Nixon in New York. Later, Richard Nixon was elected president. As Mitchell was an important person, and employee of Nixon, the Mitchells moved to Washington, D.C.

During the election campaign 1972, the police arrested five burglars who had tried to install surveillance equipment in the Watergate office of the Democrats. One of the arrested people told the police that John Mitchell and John Dean had paid them to do this. At first, Nixon could still act like he was innocent, but John N. Mitchell found this more and more difficult.

His wife often called newspaper reporters at odd hours. She often called from the bathroom, so her husband wouldn't hear. Very often, her speech seemed slurred, as if she had been intoxicated by alcohol. For this reason, people didn't believe her. Only when she called Helen Thomas, and told her, that since her husband had known about the burglars, Nixon must also know, did people believe her. Martha Mitchell said that Nixon should resign. 

There were other calls, where she again seemed to be drugged, and difficult to understand. She said she thought there was a conspiracy, which involved President Nixon. To hide this conspiracy, Nixon would use her husband as a scapegoat. Later it turned out that Nixon had ordered the burglary, and was also responsible for other actions. This provoked a scandal, which is known as the Watergate scandal today. It also confirmed the suspicion of Martha Mitchell, which many had not believed before, and showed that Mitchell was not insane.

Many of her allegations remain unproven, such as her claim that she had been drugged and put under guard during a visit to California after her husband was summoned back to Washington, D.C.. This was done to prevent her from leaving the hotel or making phone calls to the news media. Despite this, James McCord confirmed in 1975 that her story was true, as reported in "The New York Times".

More evidence supporting Mitchell's claims was published in a 2017 news article in "Newsweek" about the appointment of a U.S. ambassador. In 2022, Netflix released a documentary titled "The Martha Mitchell Effect".

In general, what the patient reports is seen as a delusion, because it is thought to be improbable. People with paranoia think they are being followed. People with a delusion have strange beliefs, that are difficult to explain. No one believed Martha Mitchell, so she was diagnosed both with paranoia, and said to be delusional. Both paranoia, and delusion are mentall illnesses. So, Martha Mitchell was seen as having the symptoms of a mental illness.

Other examples of such situations include:


Quoting psychotherapist Joseph Berke, the authors report that, "even paranoids have enemies". Delusions are "abnormal beliefs" and may be bizarre (considered impossible to be true), or non-bizarre (possible, but considered by the clinician as highly improbable). Beliefs about being poisoned, followed, having an unfaithful partner or a conspiracy in the workplace are examples of non-bizarre beliefs that may be considered delusions. Any patient can be misdiagnosed by clinicians, especially patients with a history of paranoid delusions.


The Mothman Prophecies (movie)

The Mothman Prophecies is a 2002 American supernatural horror movie directed by Mark Pellington. It is based on the 1975 book of the same name by American UFOlogist John Keel. It is about the search of local legend Mothman. It was released on January 25, 2002. 

Mothman

The Mothman is a legendary creature in American folklore. Point Pleasant, West Virginia, United States saw Mothman from November 15, 1966 to December 15, 1967.

The first newspaper publication of November 16, 1966 was titled "Couples See Man-Sized Bird...Creature...Something." 

The people who saw Mothman saw a dark shape with very large glowing red eyes.

Mothman may have been a barred owl. Barred owls's eyes shine bright red in the dark. At night, the eyes look much bigger than they really are. The people may have seen a barn owl flying very close to them and thought it was a larger animal further away.



The Siberian Times

The Siberian Times is an English-language news website that was originally launched in Novosibirsk, Russia in 2012. According to the editor of the website, Svetlana Skarbo, their aim is to challenge people's stereotypes about the region, described as "negative and out of date". Will Stewart, a British journalist formulated the idea. He also often uses their content in his articles.

Western media sometimes use their stories. One example is an article about frozen Siberian worms who were reanimated after thawing out of the permafrost. This story was also reported by the "Smithsonian" website, though the claim was also made by the academic journal "Doklady Biological Sciences".

Its reliability as a news source is disputed. According to Mashable, its stories are "allegedly real with a bit of hyperbole/Siberian fan fiction thrown in". Doubtfulnews.com also referred to the website as "not a reliable source for news".

Anupam Shyam

Anupam Shyam (20 September 1957 – 8 August 2021) was an Indian actor. He was known for playing villain roles. He played Thakur Sajjan Singh in the STAR Plus TV series "Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya". He also appeared in "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008). Shyam was born in Pratapgarh, India. His career began in 1993.

Shyam died on 8 August 2021 at a hospital in Mumbai from multiple organ failure, aged 63.

Yves de Wasseige

Yves de Wasseige (13 May 1926 – 2 August 2021) was a Belgian politician and economist. He was born in Auvelais, Belgium. He was a member of the Socialist Party. Wasseige was a member of the Senate of Belgium from 1979 until 1991.

Wasseige died on 2 August 2021 in Marcinelle, Belgium at the age of 95.

Guillermo González (politician)

Guillermo Alberto González Mosquera (12 February 1941 – 5 August 2021) was a Colombian politician and engineer. He was born in Popayán, Colombia. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He was Mayor of Popayán from 1977 until 1978. He was Minister of National Defense in 1997 during the Ernesto Samper presidency. He later was Governor of Cauca from 2008 until 2011.

González died on 5 August 2021 in Popayán, aged 80.

Popayán

Popayán () is the capital of the Colombian department of Cauca.

Moisés Torres (politician)

Moisés Torres (1949 – 4 August 2021) was a Bolivian politician, journalist, and professor. He was a member of Conscience of Fatherland. He represented the Chuquisaca Department in the Chamber of Deputies from 1997 to 2002. Torres was born in Sucre, Bolivia.

Torres died on 4 August 2021 in Sucre of COVID-19, aged 72.

Oleg Shapovalov

Oleg Shapovalov (; 16 February 1963 – 6 August 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Party of Regions. He was President of the Kharkiv Oblast Council from 2005 to 2006. Shapovalov was born in Izium, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Shapovalov died on 6 August 2021 at the age of 58.

2021–2022 Belarus–European Union border crisis

The 2021 Belarus–European Union migrant crisis () is a migrant crisis caused by an increase of Middle Eastern and African migrants (mainly from Iraq) to Lithuania, Latvia, and Poland through those countries' borders with Belarus. The crisis was caused by bad relations between the European Union and Belarus, following the 2020 Belarusian presidential election, the 2020–2021 Belarusian protests, the Ryanair Flight 4978 incident, and the attempted repatriation of Krystsina Tsimanouskaya.

Lithuanian officials said the crisis was a hybrid warfare by human trafficking of migrants to Lithuania and the rest of the European Union.

On 12 July 2021, Polish President Andrzej Duda stated that Poland will provide assistance to Lithuania. In July 2021, Poland sent a humanitarian aid to Lithuania. Following the granting of shelter to an Olympic athlete Krystsina Tsimanouskaya and her husband, Poland also accused Belarus of organizing a hybrid warfare as the number of migrants crossing the Belarus–Poland border sharply increased multiple times when compared to the 2020 statistics.

As Belarus-Poland relations got worse further, migrants from Belarus began to enter Poland. On 6 August 2021, Poland reported 133 illegal crossings from Belarus over two days, which is more than the total number in the previous year, with the total number of illegal crossings to date being 552. On 9 August, Poland reported an additional 349 migrant arrivals over the weekend.

In early August 2021, a group of 32 Afghans and 41 Iraqi Kurds appeared on the border in the aftermath of the fall of Kabul (2021) and were denied entry to either country, resulting in lines of military personnel on each side isolating the encamped migrants. Their appearance follows an influx of thousands of mostly Middle Eastern migrants that had crossed the border from Belarus into Poland and other eastern EU members Latvia and Lithuania in the months leading up to the fall of Kabul, with the EU claiming that Belarus purposefully engineered the migration in response to union sanctions. While the Belarusian government denied this accusation, Poland called it a "hybrid attack" on the bloc and said the migrants should not be allowed entry because they are technically still in Belarus. After the migrants sought asylum assistance, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) summoned Poland and Latvia to provide them "food, water, clothing, adequate medical care and, if possible, temporary shelter" for three weeks, according to a statement from the court on 25 August, although neither country was ordered to allow the migrants past the border.

Poland, Lithuania, and Latvia released a joint statement, condemning the hybrid warfare of sending migrants over the borders. Since 18 August, 2021, Polish Armed Forces were sent to secure border with Belarus. As a response to the migrant crisis, Poland is building a wall in its border with Belarus.

2021 Taliban offensive

A current military offensive by the Taliban and allied military groups, including al-Qaeda, against Afghanistan and its allies began on 1 May 2021. It happened around the same time as the withdrawal of most U.S. troops from Afghanistan. 

The offensive is known for the quick territorial gains of the Taliban, as well as its domestic and international problems.

By 15 July, over a third of Afghanistan's 421 districts were controlled by the Taliban, and by 21 July, half of Afghanistan was under Taliban control.

On 22 July, the British Foreign Office's reports said that the Afghan military could fall apart and the Taliban could soon return to power in Kabul as a result of of NATO soldiers' withdrawal. The Foreign Office's report said that the British embassy in Kabul might need to close. The British Foreign Secretary, Dominic Raab, believed that Kabul would be safe for the whole of 2021.

On 10 August, U.S. officials said that the Afghan capital, Kabul, could fall to the Taliban within 30 to 90 days. On 15 August, the Associated Press reported that the Taliban had reached and captured Kabul. This caused the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan's government to fall. The Taliban said that they were awaiting a "transfer" of power. On 15 August, following the near seizure of the capital, the Taliban occupied the Presidential Palace after the incumbent President Ashraf Ghani fled the country.

List of prime ministers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

This article is a list of prime ministers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

Adonal Foyle

Adonal David Foyle (born March 9, 1975) is a Vincentian-American former professional basketball center. He played for the Golden State Warriors from 1997 until 2007. He also played for the Orlando Magic from 2007 until 2010. Foyle played for the Memphis Grizzlies in 2009.

Foyle was born in Canouan, St. Vincent and the Grenadines. At the age of 15, Foyle was adopted by Joan and Jay Mandle, professors at Colgate University. He was raised in Delaware County, Pennsylvania.

Hamilton, New York

Hamilton is a town in Madison County, New York, United States. The population was 6,379 at the 2020 census. The town is named after American Founding Father Alexander Hamilton.

Hamilton (village), New York

The Village of Hamilton is a village located within the town of Hamilton in Madison County, New York, United States. It is the location of Colgate University and has a population of 4,107, according to the 2020 census.

Olean (town), New York

Olean is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 1,881 at the 2020 census. The name comes from the Latin word "oleum" because of the discovery of crude oil nearby the area.

Little Valley (village), New York

Little Valley is a village in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States and as the county seat of the county. The village population was 1,058 at the 2020 census.

Little Valley, New York

Little Valley is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 1,675 at the 2020 census.

Great Valley, New York

Great Valley is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 1,991 at the 2020 census.

Salamanca (city), New York

Salamanca (Seneca: "Onë:dagö:h") is a city in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States.

Salamanca (town), New York

Salamanca is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 470 at the 2020 census.

Ischua, New York

Ischua is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 736 at the 2020 census.

Milton Cato

Robert Milton Cato (3 June 1915 – 10 February 1997) was a Saint Vincentian politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Cato was the leader of the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Labour Party, and led the country through independence in 1979.

Arnhim Eustace

Arnhim Ulric Eustace (born 5 October 1944) is a Vincentian politician and economist. He was the third Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. He is the former Leader of the Opposition and former president of the New Democratic Party (NDP) after resigning in 2016.

Synthetic radioisotope

A synthetic radioisotope is a radioactive isotope that has been man made. Examples of some synthetic radioisotopes include Tennessine atoms and some Uranium atoms. Most of the actinides, Technetium, Promethium and more have radioisotopes. They are unstable, radioactive, and dangerous.

Vincent Barabba

Vincent Barabba (born September 6, 1934) is an American market researcher, author, and politician. He was the 14 Director of the United States Census Bureau from 1973 until 1976 and from 1979 until 1981.

Generation Alpha

Generation Alpha (Gen Alpha for short) are the demographic group coming after Generation Z. According to researchers and popular media, these people were born beginning from 2013 and it ended somewhere in 2023. This generation was named after the first letter in the Greek alphabet. Most members of Generation Alpha are children of Millennials.

The name "Generation Alpha" was created after a 2008 survey done by the Australian consulting agency McCrindle Research. Agency founder Mark McCrindle is generally credited with the term. McCrindle describes how his team arrived at the name in a 2015 interview:

When I was researching my book The ABC of XYZ: Understanding the Global Generations (published in 2009) it became apparent that a new generation was about to commence and there was no name for them. So I conducted a survey (we're researchers after all) to find out what people think the generation after Z should be called and while many names emerged, and Generation A was the most mentioned, Generation Alpha got some mentions too and so I settled on that for the title of the chapter Beyond Z: Meet Generation Alpha. It just made sense as it is in keeping with scientific nomenclature of using the Greek alphabet in lieu of the Latin and it didn't make sense to go back to A, after all they are the first generation wholly born in the 21st Century and so they are the start of something new not a return to the old.

McCrindle Research was also inspired by the naming of hurricanes, especially the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. In that year, six Atlantic storms were given Greek letters.

Some expect the Generation Alpha period will be mostly defined with the COVID-19 pandemic. Many people have suggested the name "Gen C", short for "Generation Covid", for people born during and growing up while the pandemic was happening.

Generation Alpha was expected to come to just over two billion people by 2025. Almost three-quarters of all people lived in Asia or Africa. Nations across Europe, North and South America don't have enough children to replace themselves.

When 2018 officially ended, the population of age sixty-five and older exceeded that of between ages zero through four. As of then, there were almost 705 million people age 65 and older. At that same time, those between ages zero and four were at almost 680 million.

Some reports also stated there were too many middle aged and elderly people without enough babies with whom the adults can be replaced. When people in several places do have children, however, they tend having fewer of them and at far older ages. These areas include Australia, South Korea and the United States. These said countries often have lower fertility rates.

In 2019, it was reported that in almost three decades from then the number of people in Russia would go down from the 143 million to just below 132 million. That would equal just over 11 million less than that of 2018 and 2019.

As of then (2019), quality of life for Japan was above average. In the country many people lived to or past age eighty-four. Its under age five population was just over 3.85% then.

Most members of Generation Alpha are growing up using smartphones and tablet computers for their childhood entertainment. Many are exposed to such devices as soothing distractions or educational aids. Screen time with babies, toddlers and preschoolers became far more popular in the 2010s.

Being born in environments where the use of electronic devices is everywhere, however, has its own challenges. These problems include although are not limited to cyberbullying and inappropriate materials.

Generation Alpha are also being surrounded with adult Internet use starting shortly after their lives begin. The parents of Generation Alpha, mostly Millennials or late Generation Xers, are very heavy social media users.

Bruce Chapman

Bruce Kerry Chapman (born December 1, 1940) is an American researcher, politician and founder and current Chairman of the Board of the Discovery Institute. He is a conservative. From 1975 until 1981, he was the 12th Secretary of State of Washington.

Synthetic element

A synthetic element is an element of the Periodic Table that has been created in a lab. Most are man made and radioactive. Scientists make synthetic elements by smashing and fusing 2 different sized elements together to makes a whole new one. They usually fall apart in seconds, though, if not minutes.

Examples of these are some Uranium atoms, Technetium atoms, and most of the Actinide elements.

Barbara Everitt Bryant

Barbara Everitt Bryant (April 1926 – March 3, 2023) was an American market researcher. She became the first woman to head the United States Census Bureau. She directed the bureau from 1989 to 1993. ​She also directed the American Customer Satisfaction Index.
Her husband died in 1997; they had three children: Linda, Randal, and Lois, and eight grandchildren. Bryant died on March 3, 2023, at age 96.

Martha Farnsworth Riche

Martha Farnsworth Riche ( ; born October 16, 1939) is an American economist. She directed the United States Census Bureau from 1994 to 1998.

Kenneth Prewitt

Kenneth Prewitt (born March 16, 1936) is an American politician and academic. He is the Carnegie Professor of Social Affairs at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs. He was also director of the Scholarly Knowledge Project. He was Director of the United States Census Bureau from 1998 to 2001.


Death on the Nile (2022 movie)

Death on the Nile is a 2022 British-American mystery thriller movie directed by Kenneth Branagh. It is based on the 1937 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. It is a sequel to 2017's "Murder on the Orient Express".

It stars Branagh returning as Hercule Poirot, along with Tom Bateman, Annette Bening, Russell Brand, Ali Fazal, Dawn French, Gal Gadot, Armie Hammer, Rose Leslie, Emma Mackey, Sophie Okonedo, Jennifer Saunders, and Letitia Wright. 

Eyeshine

Eyeshine or tapetum lucidum is when an animal's eyes glow in the dark.

When light goes into the animal's eye, it hits a web of cells called the tapetum behind the light collector. These cells reflect the light like a mirror. The light goes through the animal's light collector twice, once on the way in and once on the way out. This helps the animal see in the dark.

Most animals with eyeshine are animals with fur, but bullfrogs and some spiders have eyeshine too. 

Different animals' eyes glow different colors:


Sophie Okonedo

Sophie Okonedo (born 11 August 1968) is an English Tony Award-winning actress. She was born in London. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Hotel Rwanda" (2004). She also appeared in "Æon Flux" (2005), "Skin" (2008), "The Secret Life of Bees" (2008), and "Christopher Robin" (2018).

Okonedo was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2010 and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2019.

Murder on the Orient Express (2017 movie)

Murder on the Orient Express is a 2017 mystery thriller movie directed by Kenneth Branagh. It is based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Agatha Christie. The movie stars Branagh as Hercule Poirot, with Penélope Cruz, Willem Dafoe, Judi Dench, Johnny Depp, Josh Gad, Derek Jacobi, Leslie Odom Jr., Michelle Pfeiffer, and Daisy Ridley in supporting roles. 

"Murder on the Orient Express" had its world premiere on November 2, 2017 and was released in theatres in the United Kingdom on November 3, 2017, and in the United States on November 10, 2017, by 20th Century Fox. It had mixed reviews from movie critics.

A sequel, "Death on the Nile", will come out in 2022.

Tom Bateman (actor)

Thomas Jonathan Bateman (born 15 March 1989) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles on the historical fantasy drama series "Da Vinci's Demons" and in the movie "Murder on the Orient Express" (2017).

Danny Antonucci

Daniel Edward Antonucci (born February 27, 1957) is a Canadian animator, director, producer and writer. Antonucci is known for creating the Cartoon Network animated comedy series Ed, Edd n Eddy. He also created Lupo the Butcher, Cartoon Sushi and The Brothers Grunt.


Daniel Wu

Daniel Wu Neh-Tsu (, born September 30, 1974) is an American actor, director, screenwriter and producer. He has been in over 60 movies. He starred in the AMC martial arts drama series "Into the Badlands". Wu was born in Berkeley, California. He is known for his role as Joe Kwan in "New Police Story".

In My Father's Garden

In My Father's Garden () is a 2016 Dutch Belgian drama movie directed by Ben Sombogaart and was based on the novel of the same name by Jan Siebelink. It stars Gaite Jansen, Barry Atsma, Marcel Hensema, Noortje Herlaar.

Stable element

A stable element, or more specifically a stable isotope, means that it does not decay over time and can exist with no problem. Some examples of this are Carbon-12, Sulfur-32, and many more. Isotopes that are not stable are called radioactive isotopes.

Hot Shots Golf: Out of Bounds

Hot Shots Golf: Out of Bounds released in Japan as and PAL region called Everybody's Golf: World Tour, is the seventh game in the "Hot Shots Golf" series for PlayStation 3.

In the fifth installment, player can download Shigeki Maruyama as a secret golfer. Also in North American version, player can download Kratos from "God of War" series and Sackboy from "LittleBigPlanet" series will become available.

Shraddha Nigam

Shraddha Nigam (born 1 October 1979), is an Indian actress. She is known for her work in Indian television series such as Choodiyan and Krishna Arjun. She also appeared in Indian films Josh.

Shraddha completed her education from Indore and studied Fashion Designing from Symbiosis International University in Pune. She married film and television actor Karan Singh Grover in December 2008 and were divorced in 2009. She then married television actor Mayank Anand in December 2012. They have since launched a fashion label together at the Lakme Fashion Week.




Sackboy: A Big Adventure

Sackboy: A Big Adventure is a platform video game, developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. It is the second spin-off to "LittleBigPlanet" series, followed Sackboy's story, and features 3D platforming as opposed to 2.5D in the previously 3 entries. Released on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 in November 12, 2020.

Sackboy (LittleBigPlanet)

Sackboy is a main protagonist of "LittleBigPlanet" series, published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.

Turning

Turning or technical turning, is a kind of machining.

When we turn, we cut away material such as metal, wood or plastic, with a sharp tool, while the workpiece turns around itself. This allows us to cut little by little around the piece of work, in a smooth way. Then the piece of work will be shaped as symmetricallyas possible.

To cut in soft material such as wood; we can keep cutting tools by hand. While to cut in hard material like Iron, we need mechanical toolholders.

As one sees in other image where the cutting tool moves along or across the axis of rotation, mechanically.

The material that is cut away, or what we can call cutting, is similar to chips. Therefore, it can also be called chips. There is a lot one can know about how well the work is done by looking at the chips.

LittleBigPlanet 2

LittleBigPlanet 2 is a puzzle-platform video game that features user-generated content developed by Media Molecule and published by Sony Computer Entertainmenmt. This is a sequel to "LittleBigPlanet".

Liu Kang (Mortal Kombat)

Liu Kang is a fictional character of "Mortal Kombat" fighting game series by Midway Games and NetherRealm Studios. Depicted Earthrealm's greatest warrior and champion, he is generally the main hero of the series.

Wrestling Ernest Hemingway

Wrestling Ernest Hemingway is a 1993 American romantic drama movie directed by Randa Haines and starring Sandra Bullock, Shirley MacLaine, Richard Harris, Piper Laurie, Robert Duvall. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Doom (franchise)

Doom (styzled as DooM and later DOOM) is a huge franchise/media and video game series, developed and published by id Software.

My Name Is Nobody

My Name Is Nobody () is a 1973 Italian German French western comedy movie directed by Tonino Valerii. It stars Henry Fonda, Terence Hill, Jean Martin, R. G. Armstrong, Leo Gordon, Steve Kanaly, Geoffrey Lewis, Mario Brega, Alexander Allerson.

WWE 2K Battlegrounds

WWE 2K Battlegrounds is a professional wrestling video game. It was developed by Saber Interactive and published by 2K Games. It was released on September 18, 2020, instead of 2K'S normal yearly WWE game. It uses Unreal Engine 4.

Hypervisor

The hypervisor is the device or software which runs the virtual machine. It's typically responsible for allocating the resources, providing the interface between the virtual machine (the "guest") and the host system as well as any management software.

eg: if you're using Oracle Virtual Box to run a Ubuntu virtual machine, Oracle Virtual Box is the hypervisor.

Night sky

Night sky is the sky in the nighttime or in the late twilight. Often, in that time some astronomical objects appear on the sky that are not present in the daytime. Such astronomical objects as Moon, stars, planets. But you can see them only when the sky is clear, and if you are away from light pollution.


Boana cipoensis

The pajamas tree frog ("Boana cipoensis") is a frog that lives in the mountains in Minas Gerais, Brazil. It only lives higher than 900 meters above sea level.

Jono Howard

Jono Howard is a Canadian-born writer who works primarily on animated children's shows. For the majority of his career, Howard worked closely with animator Danny Antonucci. In 2005, Howard's writing was nominated for a Leo Award. Howard was nominated for a Best Screenwriting award for his script for the 'Atomic Roger' episode of Atomic Betty.

Manipur in Olympics

Manipur has produced a remarkable number of athletes who have participated in the Olympic Games.
The first Olympian from Manipur is Pangambam Nilakamal in the 1984 Olympics. He represented India as a goalkeeper of India's men's hockey team. Manipur has produced 19 Olympians till now, who competed in 5 disciplines, namely, hockey, boxing, weightlifting, judo and archery. Out of 28 total medals won by India in the Olympic Games, 3 medals are from Manipur.


One City, Nine Towns

" 'One City, Nine Towns' " (German: one city, nine places) is an initiative of the city government of Shanghai in 2001. The aim of the project was to find ten attractive suburb settlements to counteract the housing shortage. 

The nine cities are spread across the Shanghai metropolitan area and have individual western themes. None of the nine Cities were designed by Chinese architects. 

The planning for the pilot project began in 2001 and was largely completed in 2007. From 2011, of the nine planned cities, in particular Anting as ghost town repeatedly hit the headlines, especially in Germany and English media. Anting, around 34 kilometers west of the center of Shanghai, is, among other things, the location of the German-Chinese Joint Venture s Shanghai Volkswagen and one of the centers of the Chinese automotive industry. The district `` Anting German Town " has a living space capacity for 25,000 people. By contrast, the number of inhabitants is said to have risen to just 7,000 by 2014. The main causes were the location, accessibility and high property prices. 

For a condominium in " Anting German Town " in 2010 about 13,000 Renminbi per square meter had to be paid, which corresponded to about 1,600 euros. However, the price per square meter in the inner ring of Shanghai was already up to 30,000 Renminbi at that time, and even higher in the direct center. As of 2012, the Shanghai city government provided the necessary funds to expand the infrastructure. The Shanghai subway line 11 has been in Anting since October 2014, followed by schools and kindergartens. At the same time, enormous increases in house prices have been driving people since 2015

Seoraksan

Seoraksan () is a mountain in the north-eastern Gangwon-do, South Korea. The mountain is about 1,708 meters (5,604 feet) high. The highest peak of the mountain is "Daecheongbong Peak" (대청봉). Seoraksan became the fifth national park in South Korea in 1970.

"Gongnyong Ridge" (공룡능선) is a mountain ridge in Seoraksan. It divides the mountain into Oaeseorak (Outer Seorak) and Naeseorak (Inner Seorak). Oaeseorak is the north-eastern area of Seoraksan, and Naeseorak is the north-western area of Seoraksan. The southern area of the mountain is called Namseorak.

About 1,562 species of animals are living in Seoraksan. Long-tailed goral is the animal representing the mountain. About 250 long-tailed gorals are living in Seoraksan, and the Korea National Park Service has restored this species since 2007.

Also, there are about 1,013 species of plants in Seoraksan. Siberian dwarf pine is the flagship species of Seoraksan, and they mainly live near "Daecheongbong Peak". To protect the species, the area near "Daecheongbong Peak" has been special protected area since 2007. The Korea National Park Service has restored the species since 2012.

"Gongnyong Ridge" (Dinosaur Ridge, 공룡능선) is a mountain ridge located between "Madeungryeong" (마등령) and "Muneomigogae" (무너미고개). The name means that it looks like a dinosaur's back.

"Yongajangseong" (용아장성) is located in Naeseorak. 'Yonga' means 'dragon's teeth' in Korean, and rocks at "Yongajangseong" look like them. It is illegal to hike along this ridge.


Gomoku Narabe Renju

Gomoku Narabe Renju is a Japanese exclusive Famicom video game released in 1983. The game was later re-released in Japan on the Wii's Virtual Console years later. It was one of the first games to be released on the console. The game is a version of the Japanese video game known outside of the country as connect-five. The cartridge's color is black. A successor to the game, titled "Super Gomoku Narabe Renju", was released on the Super Famicom. It alongside "Mahjong" was also released in the Japanese version of "Animal Crossing", called "Animal Forest +", as a collectible NES/Famicom game (in the overseas version, this was replaced with either "Soccer" or "Excitebike").

Other than the ports as mentioned earlier of the 1983 version for the Japanese version of "Animal Crossing" and Virtual Console, it has not seen a rerelease or sequel since.

Before starting the game, the player can choose between three difficulty levels ranging from easy to medium difficulty to hard. Next, you can choose if you wish to play with a computer player or another person. Each player has an assigned color: either black or white. During each turn, the player will place on-chip down on the grid board. The first player to create a row of 5 chips of one color wins.


Tom and Jerry in New York

Tom and Jerry in New York is an American animated comedy television series produced by Turner Entertainment, Renegade Animation and Warner Bros. Animation aired in HBO Max from July 1, 2021-present. an sixth television series and a spin-off continues from "The Tom and Jerry Show" and based off the 2021's "Tom and Jerry" movie. September 10, 2021 the show renewed from second season and third seasons in 2023. 


Crying Indian public service announcement

The Crying Indian ad was a public service announcement that was on television starting in 1971. A group called Keep America Beautiful made the ad. It showed a Native American person crying when he saw people throw garbage out of their cars.

In 1953, the American Can Company and Owens-Illinois Glass Company and other companies started Keep America Beautiful. Later, Owens-Illinois would own Dixie Cup Company. Television stations played it so much that their copies of the film wore out and they had to get new ones.

The Advertising Council helped make ads for Keep America Beautiful. The Advertising Council had already made Smoky the Bear for the U.S. Forest Service. Smokey the Bear tells people "Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires." The Council decided their ad for Keep America Beautiful should be like the Smokey the Bear ads: It should tell people that their own choices solve problems.

Before the Crying Indian ad, Keep America Beautiful used a character called "Susan Spotless." This was a young white girl in a white dress who shook her finger at adults who littered and told them to stop: "Daddy, you forgot . . . every litter bit hurts!" (In American English, some children say "litter" with an R sound when they mean "little.") The idea was that parents should be ashamed to teach their children to litter.

In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the idea that the environment must be protected became strong in America. Many of the protesters just before the first Earth Day talked about throwaway containers. For example, students from the University of Michigan put a big pile of empty drink containers on the ground outside the offices of the National Soft Drink Association.

The hippies of the 1960s liked the idea of Native Americans. In 1967, "Life" wrote that hippies saw "the dispossessed Indian as America’s original dropout, and convinced that he has deeper spiritual values than the rest of society, hippies have taken to wearing his costume and horning in on his customs," meaning that hippies wanted to copy American Indians.

The companies behind Keep America Beautiful did not want the government to pass laws that would cost them money. For example, they wanted to stop laws that would make them sell drinks in reusable bottles. Throwaway bottles were cheaper. Keep American Beautiful wanted voters to look at the ad and think people made pollution one person at a time. Keep America Beautiful did not want people to think that big companies made pollution.

The Ad Council started by talking about litter as something ugly and poor citizenship. They said that people who littered were thoughtless and careless and made the world ugly for other people. The Keep America Beautiful media fact sheet read that littering ruined "pleasure and recreation from their beautiful outdoors. . . . enjoyment of the natural and man- made attractions of our grand landscape is everywhere marred by the litter which careless people leave in their wake. ... The mountain of refuse keeps growing." They also said that litter cost money to clean up and could be bad for health.

The Ad Council wanted to show three ideas:


In the Crying Indian ad, an actor called Iron Eyes Cody, dressed as a Native American, paddles a canoe through a stream. At first, the stream is clean and pretty but it becomes dirtier and full of garbage. He gets out of the stream and walks to a highway, where people throw garbage out of their cars. Then he slowly cries one tear. The tear is made of a drop of glycerin on the actor's face. A voice says, "Some people have a deep, abiding respect for the natural beauty that was once this country. And some people don't. ... People start pollution. People can stop it." The ad was on television starting in 1971. The group Keep America Beautiful paid for and made the ad. It was about littering. The ad won many awards, for example two Clio Awards. Television stations played it so much that their copies of the film wore out and they had to get new ones.

Keep America Beautiful was run by packaging and drink companies. They tried to stop the government from passing laws that would be good for the environment. For example, they wanted to stop laws that would make them sell drinks in reusable bottles. Throwaway bottles were cheaper. Keep American Beautiful wanted people to look at the ad and think individual people made pollution and not that big companies made pollution.

Another Crying Indian ad was on television in 1975. In 1998, the first one was on television again.

Trent University history professor Finis Dunaway says that the man in the Crying Indian ad "appears completely powerless. In the commercial, all he can do is lament the land his people lost," when, at the same time, real-life American Indians were working to solve their problems. At the same time the ad went on TV, groups of Native Americans had taken over Alcatraz.

Iron Eyes Cody was an actor who played Native Americans on television and in movies. He had already been in many movies and TV shows before the Crying Indian ad. Iron Eyes Cody said he was a Native American with a Cherokee father and Cree mother, but he was really Italian-American.

Pili

The pili (Central Bikol and Filipino: "pili", ;) ("Canarium ovatum") is a tropical tree from the torchwood family. It is native to the Philippines. The tree has nuts that have a lot of fat in them.

The pili tree is about tall with resin strong wood. It can live through strong winds. Insects pollinate the plant. Its flowers bloom much of the time. The fruits ripen after a while. The ovary has three locules, each with two ovules; most of the time only one ovule develops.

The "C. ovatum" fruit is a stone fruit, weighing . The skin (exocarp) is smooth, thin, shiny, and darkens when the fruit ripens; the pulp (mesocarp) is fibrous, fleshy, and yellow in color. The nuts are 8% carbohydrate, 11.5 to 13.9% protein, and 70% fat. Kernels from some trees may be bitter, fibrous or have a weird smell.

Mike Kubat

Michael George Kubat is a Canadian television writer and story editor. He has worked on such animated series Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures, Atomic Betty, Chop Socky Chooks and Ed, Edd n Eddy. In 2005, he received a Leo Award nomination for Best Screenwriter in an Animated Program or Series for the Atomic Betty episode "Spindly Tam Kanushu". Kubat started out wanting to be in a rock band, later becoming an accountant and finally setting comfortably in his career writing for animation.


2021 Hartlepool by-election

The 2021 Hartlepool by-election was a by-election for the UK Parliament constituency of Hartlepool. The by-election was started because the MP before it, Mike Hill decided that he wanted to stop being MP. It took place on 6 May 2021. This was the same day as the UK local elections. The area is part of the "red wall", areas that usually supported the Labour Party.

This was the first by-election that was to the parliament elected in 2019.

The Conservative candidate, Jill Mortimer, was the winner of. the by-election. Mortimer had 51.9% of the vote. This was 16% more than Mike Hill won with in the 2019 general election. The win was the second time since 1982 that the party of the government won a seat in a by-election.

Anti-LGBT rhetoric

Anti-LGBT rhetoric is a kind of speech that is directed against LGBT people. Most of the time, it is used against homosexuality. People who use it often have the image that marriage and relationships should be between a man and a woman; they are against same-sex marriage or civil unions of people of the same sex. Very often, these ideas are based on religion. Anti-LGBT rhehoric is a form of hate speech. It is illegal in countries such as the Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden.

Anti-LGBT rhetoric often consists of moral panic or conspiracy theory. In Eastern Europe, these conspiracy theories are based on earlier antisemitic conspiracy theories and say that the LGBT movement is an instrument of foreign control and domination.


Superman and Batman

Superman and Batman (also known as Batman and Superman) is a the fictional two superheroes characters, meet for the first time in debut 1939, from the DC Comics, all comics such as "Action Comics", "Superman", "Detective Comics", "Batman", "Batman and Robin" and "World's Finest Comics", created by Joe Shuster, Jerry Siegel, Bob Kane and Bill Finger, co-producers by Harry Donenfeld and Jack Liebowitz. 

DC Comics the hero's journey characters including Superman and Batman, my sidekick as Robin, my best friends Lois Lane, Supergirl, Batgirl and many others, and locations Metropolis and Gotham City, and from the clutches of the evil Lex Luthor and the evil Joker, and all supervillains Catwoman, Mr. Mxyzpltk and others.
The appeared together in a number of works, including:


The Doctor (movie)

The Doctor is a 1991 American drama movie directed by Randa Haines and was based on 1988 novel "A Taste of My Own Medicine" by Dr. Edward Rosenbaum. It stars William Hurt, Christine Lahti, Elizabeth Perkins, Mandy Patinkin, Adam Arkin, Charlie Korsmo, Wendy Crewson and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

Night Crossing

Night Crossing is a 1982 American German British Cold War drama movie directed by Delbert Mann and starring John Hurt, Doug McKeon, Beau Bridges, Jane Alexander, Kay Walsh, Glynnis O'Connor, Ian Bannen, Anne Stallybrass, Sky Dumont. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.

Happy Anniversary (1959 movie)

Happy Anniversary is a 1959 American comedy movie directed by David Miller and starring David Niven, Mitzi Gaynor, Carl Reiner, Monique Van Vooren, Loring Smith, Elizabeth Wilson, Patty Duke. It was distributed by United Artists.


Framed (1947 movie)

Framed is a 1947 American crime movie directed by Richard Wallace and starring Glenn Ford, Janis Carter, Barry Sullivan, Edgar Buchanan, Karen Morley, Jim Bannon. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Moving company

A moving company, removalist or movers is a business that supports individuals and industries to move their goods from one location to another. It extends services for relocations like packing, filling, transporting, unloading, unpacking, arranging of items to be relocated.

The first moving company was started in the colonial period in United States and developed in the mid 19th century with the development of railroad transport.

Various crimes has been associated to this business especially in the developing countries like India, when fake "packers and movers" cheated the people.

Boruto: Naruto Next Generations

Many years after the Fourth Great Ninja War, Naruto fulfilled his dream as the Seven Hokage while a redeemed Sasuke Uchiha married their teammate Sakura and
became a wandering ninja to leave more of Kaguya Otsutsuki's motives. Having married Hinata Hyuga prior to becoming Hokage, Naruto started a family with his oldest son Boruto Uzumaki feeling his father is placing the village before their family. Boruto becomes a genin under Naruto's protégé Konohamaru Sarutobi alongside Sasuke's daughter Sarada and Orochimaru's artificial son Mitsuki. Sasuke returns to the Hidden Leaf to alert Naruto of an impending threat relating to Kaguya's kin, Boruto talking the older ninja into mentoring him so he can impress his father during the upcoming Chunin exam. The exam is disrupted by Momoshiki and Kinshiki Ōtsutsuki, beings from another world like Kaguya who use the Divine Trees to harness the lifeforce of planets they target. They abduct Naruto to use his tailed beast, Kurama the Nine Tails, to revitalize their Divine Tree, only for Boruto, Sasuke and the four Kages of the other villages to pursue them. The battle ends when Momoshiki, sacrificing Kinshiki to increase his own strength, is defeated by Boruto and Naruto with Sasuke's help. Momoshiki survives long enough to realize Boruto's full potential while brands him a mysterious mark called "Karma". Soon after, Boruto resolves to become like Sasuke while entrusting Sarada to follow her dream of becoming the next Hokage.

Naruto and the others soon learn of an organization called Kara while encountering a Karma-branded fugitive named Kawaki, whom the Uzumaki family adopts to protect him. But they end up attracting the attention of Kara's leader Jigen, resulting in a chain of events that results in Sasuke learning the true nature of the Karma brands when Momoshiki's spirit briefly possesses Naruto's body. An implosion soon occurs within Kara when Koji Kashin challenges Jigen while Amado seeks asylum in the Hidden Leaf and reveals that Jigen is the host body of the spirit of Isshiki Otsutsuki, whom Kaguya betrayed when they came to the world. Koji falls back after he forces Isshiki to reincarnate in Jigen's dying body while Kawaki's Karma is removed. Isshiki attacks the Hidden Leaf to re-brand Kawaki, deciding to feed Boruto to his Ten Tails when the youth teleported them to another dimension with Naruto and Sasuke following suit. Kurama sacrifices himself to enable Naruto to fight Isshiki in Baryon Mode while Sasuke and Kawaki manage to subdue Momoshiki when he took over Boruto's body again. 

After being defeated and tricked into wasting his chance to fully incarnate into Kawaki's body, Isshiki entrusts his loyal subordinate Code to continue his work by sacrificing either Boruto or Kawaki to become a pure Otsutsuki himself. Code vows to avenge Isshiki and enlists the cyborg siblings Eida and Daemon, the fight that follows results in Momoshiki forced to incarnate a mortally wounded Boruto while Eida and Daemon turn on Code after their creator Amado reprogrammed them. He would soon reveal the cyborgs' abilities were transplanted from the corpse of Shibai Otsutsuki, an Otsutsuki who transcended to another plane after achieving godhood. Boruto, from Momoshiki's visions, and Kawaki, assuming the former would gradually lose himself as a full-fledged Otsutsuki, fear that a violent confrontation between them is eventual.

Isshiki

Isshiki is a character from "Naruto", a manga and anime. He is in "Boruto: Naruto Next Generations". He was first in episode #202. The Otsutsuki is Boruto's enemy. 

A thousand years ago, Isshiki came alongside Kaguya to plant a tree and harvest its chakra fruit. Kaguya was planned to be sacrificed to create the chakra fruit. Kaguya betrayed Isshiki and left him on the verge of death and destroying his lower half. There was a monk nearby, named Jigen. Isshiki didn't have enough chakra to use sukunahikona on him, so he shrunk himself and went into the monk's ear. Then he absorbed all the nutrients and then infused the karma seal on him.

Anger of the Gods

Anger of the Gods is a 2003 Burkinabé French drama movie directed by Idrissa Ouedraogo and starring Barou Oumar Ouedraogo, Rasmané Ouedraogo, Ina Cissé, Nouss Nabil.

Myken

Myken is a group of Norwegian islands in Rødøy (municipality) in Nordland county.

As of 2021, the largest employer is a whisky distillery that has four employees.

George Herbert Walker Jr.

George Herbert "Bert" Walker Jr. (November 24, 1905 – November 29, 1977) was an American businessman and an uncle of President George H. W. Bush. He died November 29, 1977, five days after his 72nd birthday.

Pha That Luang

Pha That Luang () (Romanization: Pa Tata Luanga) is a buddhist temple in Vientiane, Laos. It is the most popular Buddhist temple in Laos.

Buddhist missionaries from the Mauryan Empire are believed to have been sent by the Emperor Ashoka, including Bury Chan or Praya Chanthabury Pasithisak and five Arahata monks who brought a holy relic (believed to be the breastbone) of Lord Buddha to the stupa in the 3rd century BC. It was rebuilt in the 13th century as a Khmer temple which fell into ruin.

In the mid-16th century, King Setthathirat relocated his capital from Luang Prabang to Vientiane and ordered the construction of Pha That Luang in 1566. It was rebuilt about 4 km from the centre of Vientiane at the end of Pha That Luang Road and named Pha That Luang. The bases had a length of 69 metres each and was 45 metres high, and was surrounded by 30 small Stupas.

In 1641, a Dutch envoy of the Dutch East India Company, Gerrit van Wuysthoff, visited Vientiane and was received by King Sourigna Vongsa at the temple, where he was, reportedly, received in a magnificent ceremony. He wrote that he was particularly impressed by the "enormous pyramid and the top was covered with gold leaf weighing about a thousand pounds".[4] However, the stupa was repeatedly plundered by the Burmese, Siamese and Chinese.

Pha That Luang was destroyed by the Thai invasion in 1828, which left it heavily damaged and abandoned. It was not until 1900 that the French restored to its original design based on the detailed drawings from 1867 by the French architect and explorer Louis Delaporte. However the first attempt to restore it was unsuccessful and it had to be redesigned and then reconstructed in the 1930s.[3] During the Franco-Thai War, Pha That Luang was heavily damaged during a Thai air raid. After the end of World War II, the Pha That Luang was reconstructed.
The architecture of the building includes many references to Lao culture and identity, and so has become a symbol of Lao nationalism.

The first level is 223 feet (67 metres) by 226 feet (68 metres); the second is 157 feet (47 metres) along each side; and the third level is 98 feet (29 metres) along each side. From ground to pinnacle, the Pha That Luang is 147.6 feet (44 metres) high. Only the pinnacle is covered in real gold, the remainder of the stupa is painted a gold color.

The area around Pha That Luang is now gated, to keep traffic out. Previously visitors could drive around the whole complex. The encircling walls are roughly 279 feet (85 metres) long on each side and contain a large number of Lao and Khmer sculptures including one of Jayavarman VII.
King Jayavarman VII of the Khmer empire

The naga of Pha That Luang

Pha That Luang

The stupa of Pha That Luang

The stupa of Pha That Luang (inside the temple)

Siem Reap

Siem Reap (, )
Siem Reap () is a city in Northern Cambodia. It is the capital of Siem Reap Province. This city surrounds Angkor Wat, the world's largest religious monument.

The name "Siem Reap" can be translated to mean 'defeat of Siam' (siem in Khmer), and is commonly taken as a reference to an incident in the centuries-old conflict between the Siamese and Khmer kingdoms, although this is probably apocryphal. According to oral tradition, King Ang Chan (1516–1566) had named the town "Siem Reap" after he repulsed an army sent to invade Cambodia by the Thai king Maha Chakkraphat in 1549. Scholars such as Michael Vickery consider this derivation to be simply a modern folk etymology, and maintain that while the names Siem Reap and Chenla. the old Chinese name for Cambodia, may perhaps be related, the actual origin of the name is unknown.

The traditional tale claims that King Ang Chan of Cambodia tried to assert greater independence from Siam, which was then struggling internally. The Siamese king Chairacha had been poisoned by his concubine, Lady Sri Sudachan, who had committed adultery with a commoner, Worawongsathirat, while the king was away leading a campaign against the Kingdom of Lan Na. Sudachan then placed her lover on the throne. The Thai nobility lured them outside the city on a royal procession by barge to inspect a newly discovered white elephant. After killing the usurper, along with Sudachan and their new-born daughter, they invited Prince Thianracha to leave the monkhood and assume the throne as King Maha Chakkraphat (1548–1569). With the Thais distracted by internal problems, King Ang Chan attacked. He seized the Siamese city of Prachinburi in 1549, sacking the city and making slaves of its inhabitants. Only then did he learn that the succession had been settled and that Maha Chakkraphat was the new ruler. Ang Chan immediately retreated to Cambodia, taking captives with him. King Maha Chakkraphat was furious over the unprovoked attack, but Burma had also chosen to invade through Three Pagodas Pass. The Burmese army posed a much more serious threat, as it captured Kanchanaburi and Suphanburi. It then appeared before Ayutthaya itself.

The Thai army managed to defeat the Burmese, who quickly retreated through the pass. Maha Chakkraphat's thoughts then turned to Cambodia. Not only had Ang Chan attacked and looted Prachinburi, turning its people into slaves, but he also refused to give Maha Chakkraphat a white elephant he had requested, rejecting even this token of submission to Siam. Maha Chakkraphat ordered Prince Ong, the governor of Sawankhalok, to lead an expedition to punish Ang Chan and recover the Thai captives. The rival armies met, and Ang Chan killed Prince Ong with a lucky musket shot from an elephant's back. The leaderless Thai army fled, and Ang Chan allegedly captured more than 10,000 Siamese soldiers. To celebrate his great victory, King Ang Chan supposedly named the battleground "Siem Reap", meaning 'the total defeat of Siam'.
Pub Street, Siem Reap
In reality, surviving historic sources make this derivation appear unlikely, since they date the decline of Angkor to more than a century before this, when a military expedition from Ayutthaya captured and sacked Angkor Wat, which began a long period of vassal rule over Cambodia. The 1431 capture coincided with the decline of Angkor, though the reasons behind its abandonment are not clear. They may have included environmental changes and failings of the Khmer infrastructure.

From the 16th to the 19th centuries, infighting among the Khmer nobility led to periodic intervention and domination by both of Cambodia's more powerful neighbors, Vietnam and Siam. Siem Reap, along with Battambang (Phra Tabong) and Sisophon, major cities in northwest Cambodia, was under Siamese administration and the provinces were collectively known as Inner Cambodia from 1795 until 1907, when they were ceded to French Indochina. During the 18th century, under the rule of the Ayutthaya Kingdom, it was known as Nakhon Siam ('Siam's city').
Siem Reap is a cheerful city that embraces travelers like old friends. This region was the site of successive capitals of the Khmer Empire from the ninth to the 15th centuries. The ruins, collectively known as the Angkor Archaeological Park, are located about four miles north of the city center. The city surrounds Angkor Wat as well.
Siem Reap at Night.

Levi Celerio

Levi Celerio (30 April 1910 -2 April 2002) is a Filipino composer.

He played an instrument made out of a leaf. He is known as the "only man who could play music using a leaf" by the Guinness Book of Records.

Fuente's Powakka tree frog

Fuente's Powakka tree frog ("Boana fuentei") is a group of frogs that live in Suriname. Over the past fifteen years, some scientists have written papers saying this is the same frog as "Boana crepitans" and others think it is the same as the frog "Boana xerophylla". Now, scientists call it a "population", meaning the frogs themselves are not different enough from other "Boana xerophylla" frogs to be a subspecies.

2017 Copeland by-election

The 2017 Copeland by-election was a by-election to the UK Parliament constituency of Copeland. The by-election happened on 23 February 2017. This was the same day as the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election. The election happened after the Labour MP, Jamie Reed, decided he didn't want to be MP anymore. Conservative candidate Trudy Harrison became the new MP. This was the first time since 1982 that the party of the government won a seat in a by-election.

Raa Raa the Noisy Lion

Raa Raa the Noisy Lion is a British stop motion animated children's television programme first broadcast in 2 May 2011, which is shown on CBeebies. It features a group of animal-based characters and their adventures and activities through the Jingly Jangly Jungle. The show is narrated by Lorraine Kelly and is produced by Chapman Entertainment (series one and two) and DreamWorks Animation Television (series three and four).


A Series Five was Announced for same time for channel.


Matt Hill

Matt Hill (born January 19, 1968) is a Canadian voice actor working for Ocean Productions. His roles include in Ed in Ed, Edd n Eddy, Kevin Keene/Captain N in Captain N: The Game Master, Kira Yamato in Mobile Suit: Gundam SEED and Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny, Raphael in Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation, Roy Sanada in Ronin Warriors, Carlos in Transformers: Armada, Ironhide in Transformers: Energon and Artha Penn and Dragon Booster in Dragon Booster.

Sam Vincent (voice actor)

Samuel Vincent Khouth is a Canadian voice actor working for Ocean Productions. He is best known for his roles as Double D in Ed, Edd n Eddy and Krypto in Krypto the Superdog. Vincent's notable roles in English dubs of anime include Athrun Zala in Mobile Suit Gundam SEED and its sequel Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny, Hikaru Shindo in Hikaru no Go, Julian Star in Cardcaptor Sakura and Tieria Erde in Mobile Suit Gundam 00.

Sam Vincent (disambiguation)

Sam Vincent (born 1963), is an American basketball player and former coach.

Sam or Samuel Vincent is also the name of:


Tony Sampson

Tony Sampson (born July 26, 1977) is a Canadian actor and voice actor. He has played the role of Flash in the Canadian television drama The Odyssey and Eddy from Ed, Edd n Eddy. He also worked for Vancouver's Ocean Productions and Voicebox Productions, primarily in anime. After Ed, Edd n Eddy ended in 2009, Sampson retired from acting to work in the oil sands industry in Fort McMurray.

Saint Kitts and Nevis–United Kingdom relations

Saint Kitts and Nevis and the United Kingdom have a long history of relations. Early on, England wanted control of Saint Kitts, but they now have diplomatic relations as both independent countries.

In the late 17th century, France and England both wanted control of Saint Kitts. Britain took control of Saint Kitts in 1713. Saint Kitts and Nevis became fully independent in 1983.

Saint Kitts and Nevis has a High Commission (embassy) in South Kensington in London. The UK has a High Commission in Bridgetown, Barbados, which also is in charge of the UK's relations with Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Flashpoint (TV series)

Flashpoint is a Canadian crime drama television series aired from 2008-2012, on CTV. In the United States, the series originally aired on CBS and ION Television from 2008-2013.


Flora of Azerbaijan

Flora of Azerbaijan or Vegetation of Azerbaijan is about the plants, trees, flowers which can be found in Azerbaijan.

Azerbaijan has a very rich flora, where more than 4,500 species of
plants have been documented in the country. Due to the different climate types in Azerbaijan which range from subtropical along the Caspian Sea coast, temperate further inland, and continental and subarctic in the mountains, the flora is much richer in the number of species than the flora of the other republics of the South Caucasus. About 67% of the species growing in the whole Caucasus can be found in Azerbaijan.

Many plant species are also native, and are found in no other country. Another reason why Azerbaijan has many plant species, many of which are relicts of the Tertiary period, is because they were not affected by Pliocene and Pleistocene glaciations and did not become extinct.

The richness of Azerbaijan's flora and the many types of its vegetation also results from its geography and topography that provide many different habitats, like mountains, plains, bodies of water, etc.

The ecosystems found in Azerbaijan where plant life is most widespread, are grassland (mostly in the plains), forest (mostly in the mountains), tundra (in the high mountains) and wetland.

The forest is the ecosystem which has the most number of plant species in Azerbaijan. The forests are found mostly in the Caucasus Mountains, which have a lot of precipitation. The forests in these places are mostly deciduous (which lose their leaves in autumn) and are coniferous in higher elevations. There are also mixed deciduous and coniferous forests in middle elevations.

In drier areas, which are usually in the plains, the forests and plants are xerophytic (resistant to drought).

However, in the steppes found in the plains which are semi-arid grasslands and the largest ecosystem of Azerbaijan, where forests and trees cannot grow, plant life is made up of flowers and some shrubs which are resistant to drought.


Dodo bird verdict

Some people say that all empirically validated psychotherapies have similar outcomes, no matter what their components are. This is known as Dodo bird verdict, or Dodo bird conjecture in psychotherapy. Saul Rosenzweig introduced the concept in 1936, and named it after Dodo, a character from Lewis Caroll's book Alice in Wonderland. The topic is controversial. It only became widely known with new research evidence, in the 1970s.

Saul Rosenzweig introduced the terminology in 1936 to illustrate the notion that all therapies are equally effective. Rosenzweig borrowed the phrase from Lewis Carroll's 1865 book, "Alice in Wonderland". In the setting, some characters become wet and, in order to dry themselves, the Dodo Bird decided to issue a competition: everyone was to run around the lake until they were dry. Nobody cared to measure how far each person had run, nor how long. When they asked the Dodo who had won, he thought long and hard and then said, "Everybody has won and all must have prizes." In the case of psychotherapies, Rosenzweig argued that common factors were more important than specific technical differences, so that (on the Dodo bird conjecture) all therapies are winners; they all produce equally effective outcomes.
In 1974, Lester Lubarsky, Barton Singer and Lise Luborsky published the results of one of the first comparative studies: They showed that there were only few significant differences in the outcome of different psychotherapies. After the study was published, there were many other similar studies: some agreed with the Dodo bird verdict, others didn't.

In very basic terms, the Dodo bird debate is focused on the following: Can different components of specific treatmenrs lead to the fact that some of these treatments perform much better than others, for specific disorders? Those supporing the Dodo bird verdict say that all treatments are equivalent, because they all have "common factors". Critics say that the different therapies use different techniques, and these differences are important. For this reason, for a given problem, some therapies produce results that are not equivalent to the others.

The outcome of the Dodo bird debate is very important for the future of clinical psychology. For one, policymakers have to know how effective each existing psychotherapy is in order to be able to decide which therapies should be supported. This controversy may also lead government officials to no longer fund psychological treatments and other public health measures.


Gloster, Louisiana

Gloster is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Southeastern Louisiana University

Southeastern Louisiana University (Southeastern) is a college in Hammond, Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dick Beals

Richard Beals (March 16, 1927 – May 29, 2012) was an American voice actor. He performed many voices in his career, which spanned the period from the early 1950s into the 21st century. Beals voiced both male and female children.

Bad Boy Records

Bad Boy Records (also known as Bad Boy Entertainment) is an American record label of hip hop and R&B. It was founded in 1993 by rapper/producer Sean Combs. It is a part of Epic Records, a division of Sony Music. It had late rappers Craig Mack and The Notorious B.I.G.. Faith Evans, 112, Total, The Lox, Mase, Shyne and Carl Thomas are also on the label.

Tatuí

Tatuí is a city located in São Paulo state, Brazil. It is part of the Metropolitan Region of Sorocaba.

Mequinenza

Mequinenza (Aragonese and ) or Mequinensa () is a town and city in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.


Mthokozisi Nxumalo

Mthokozisi Nkululeko Nxumalo (7 January 19891 August 2021) was a South African politician. He was a Member of the National Assembly from May 2019 until his death in August 2021. He was a member of the Inkatha Freedom Party. Nxumalo was born in Vryheid, South Africa.

Nxumalo was killed in a car crash on 1 August 2021 in Nongoma, South Africa at the age of 32. 

Julian Beale

Julian Howard Beale (10 October 1934 – 3 August 2021) was an Australian businessman and politician. He was born in Sydney. He was a member of the Liberal Party. Beale was a member of the House of Representatives from 1984 until 1996.

Beale died on 3 August 2021 at the age of 86.

Lev Pidlisetskyi

Lev Teofilovych Pidlisetskyi (; 29 May 1977 – 10 August 2021) was a Ukrainian politician and businessman. He was a Member of Ukrainian Parliament from 2014 until 2019. He was a member of the Lviv, Ukrainian SSR. 

Pidlisetskyi died aged 44 in Lviv on 10 August 2021.

Stefan Kapłaniak

Stefan Kapłaniak "Cenek" (10 April 1933 – 8 August 2021) was a Polish sprint canoer. He competed from the late 1950s to the mid-1960s. He competed in three Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 1960. Kapłaniak also won two gold medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague. He was born in Szczawnica, Poland.

Kapłaniak died on 8 August 2021 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 88.

Walter Yetnikoff

Walter Yetnikoff (August 11, 1933 – August 8, 2021) was an American music industry businessman. He was the president of CBS Records International from 1971 to 1975 and then president and CEO of CBS Records from 1975 to 1990. He was known for helping produce many Michael Jackson music albums. He was born in New York City. Yetnikoff was born in New York City.

Yetnikoff died on August 8, 2021 in Bridgeport, Connecticut from bladder cancer, just three days before his 88th birthday.

Cesare Salvadori

Cesare Salvadori (22 September 1941 – 8 August 2021) was an Italian sabre fencer. He won a gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics and two silver medals at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Turin, Italy.

Salvadori died on 8 August 2021 in Turin at the age of 79.

Jaan Kaplinski

Jaan Kaplinski (22 January 1941 – 8 August 2021) was an Estonian poet, philosopher, politician and culture critic. He was known for his support for left-wing/liberal thinking. Kaplinski was born in Tartu. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. Kaplinski was a member of the Riigikogu from 1992 to 1995.

Kaplinski died on 8 August 2021 in Tartu from problems caused by ALS at the age of 80.

María Elena Chapa

María Elena Chapa Hernández (19 April 1944 – 9 August 2021) was a Mexican politician and women's rights activist. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1988 until 1991 and again from 2000 until 2003. Chapa was a Senator from 1991 until 1997.

Chapa died on 9 August 2021 in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon from cancer at the age of 77.

Carlton H. Colwell

Carlton H. Colwell (June 27, 1926 – August 9, 2021) was an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Colwell was born in Blairsville, Georgia. He was a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 1964 until 1995. 

Colwell died on August 9, 2021 in Blairsville at the age of 95.

Black-flanked tree frog

The black-flanked tree frog ("Boana nigra") is a frog that lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 910 and 1847 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog measures 38.5 to 46.3 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 56.4 to 76.7 mm. This frog is brown, reddish brown, or darn brown on the back with darker spots. It has black sides and black stripes. The webs on its feet are either black or bright orange.

This frog's English and scientific names come from the Latin word for "black."

Fork (chess)

A fork in chess happens when a knights move attack more than one piece simultaneously without itself being attacked. The most fork attack is when there is a check and also attack on the queen, and a check by knight prompts to move the king and give it the chance to capture the queen.

Olivia Podmore

Olivia Podmore (24 May 1997 – 9 August 2021) was a New Zealand professional racing cyclist. She participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics and 2018 Commonwealth Games. 

Podmore reached the criteria for being qualified for the COVID-19 delayed 2020 Summer Olympics. She was, however, not chosen by the New Zealand Olympic Committee.

Podmore was born in Christchurch, New Zealand. Three months after turning 24, Podmore died in Cambridge on the North Island. The actual cause of Podmore's death is unknown. But there is a strong possibility Podmore may have killed herself due to having depression.

Podmore's final Instagram post read:

"Sport is an amazing outlet for so many people, it’s a struggle, it’s a fight but it’s so joyous."

"The feeling when you win is unlike any other, but the feeling when you lose, when you don’t get selected even when you qualify, when [you're] injured, when you don’t meet society’s expectations such a owning a house, marriage, kids all because [you’re] trying to give everything to your sport is also unlike any other."


Second inauguration of Richard Nixon

The second inauguration of Richard Nixon as the 37th president of the United States happened on January 20, 1973. It was the start of the second and final term of Richard Nixon as president and Spiro Agnew as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. The event was the 47th presidential inauguration. 

Both Nixon and Agnew did not complete their terms in office. Agnew resigned in October 1973 and was replaced by Gerald Ford in December 1973, while Nixon resigned in August 1974, making Ford become the president. 

Nixon is the first and, as of 2020, only person to be inaugurated four times as both president and vice president. 

Chief Justice Warren E. Burger administered the oath of office to both Nixon and Agnew. 

On January 22, 1973, two days after Nixon's second inauguration, Lyndon B. Johnson, the president before Nixon, died of a heart attack. He was 64.


Alex Cord

Alex Cord (born Alexander Viespi Jr.; May 3, 1933 – August 9, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Michael Coldsmith Briggs III on "Airwolf". He was born in Floral Park, New York. His career lasted from 1961 until 2009.

Cord died on August 9, 2021 in Valley View, Texas at the age of 88.

Floral Park, New York

Floral Park is an incorporated village in Nassau County, New York, United States, on Long Island. 16,172 people lived here in 2020.

Ryszard Jarzembowski

Ryszard Jarzembowski (24 December 1945 – 9 August 2021) was a Polish politician. He was member of the Senate from 1991 until 2005. He was born in Wedel, Poland. Jarzembowski was a member of the Democratic Left Alliance.

Jarzembowski died on 9 August 2021 in Włocławek, Poland at the age of 75.

Bob Jenkins

Bob Jenkins (September 4, 1947 – August 9, 2021) was an American television and radio sports announcer. He was known for announcing IndyCar and NASCAR races for ESPN/ABC and later NBC Sports. He was born in Richmond, Indiana. Jenkins retired in 2013.

Jenkins was diagnosed with brain cancer in February 2021. He died on August 9, 2021 in Indianapolis, Indiana from the disease, aged 73.

Sergei Kovalev

Sergei Adamovich Kovalyov (also spelled Sergey Kovalev; ; 2 March 1930 – 9 August 2021) was a Russian human rights activist and politician. He was a dissident and political prisoner in the Soviet era. He was a critic of Vladimir Putin and his government. From 1993 until 2003, Kovalev was a member of the State Duma. Kovalev was born in Seredyna-Buda, Soviet Union.

Kovalev died on 9 August 2021 in Moscow, aged 91.


Viktor Likhonosov

Viktor Ivanovich Likhonosov (, 30 April 1936 – 9 August 2021) was a Soviet-Russian novelist and editor. He won the Russian State Prize in 1988, the International Mikhail Sholokhov prize and the first Yasnaya Polyana award in 2003. Likhonosov was born in Kemerovo, Soviet Union. He was known for his writings during the Village Prose movement. 

Likhonosov died in his home in Topki, Russia from COVID-19 on 9 August 2021 at the age of 85.

Ingrid Remmers

Ingrid Remmers (26 March 1965 – 9 August 2021) was a German politician. She was a member of The Left. She was a member of the Bundestag from the state of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2009 until 2013 and from 2017 until her death in 2021. Remmers was born in Ibbenbüren, West Germany.

Remmers died on 9 August 2021 at the age of 56.


Nadir Tedeschi

Nadir Tedeschi (11 August 1930 – 9 August 2021) was an Italian politician. Tedeschi was born in Badia Polesine, Italy. He was a member of the Christian Democracy Party. He was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1976. He won a second term in 1983 and left office in 1987.

Tedeschi died in Trezzano sul Naviglio, Italy on 9 August 2021, just two days before his 91st birthday.

Badia Polesine

Badia Polesine is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto. It is about southwest of Venice.

Trezzano sul Naviglio

Trezzano sul Naviglio ( or simply ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about southwest of Milan.

Neal Conan

Neal Conan (November 26, 1949 – August 10, 2021) was an American radio journalist, producer, editor, and correspondent. He worked for National Public Radio for over 36 years. He hosted "Talk of the Nation". He was born in Beirut, Lebanon.

Conan was diagnosed with glioblastoma in November 2019. He died from the disease on August 10, 2021 in Honolulu, Hawaii at the age of 71.

Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of Steel

Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of Steel is a video game created by Micro Forté and published by 14 Degrees East and Interplay Entertainment. It is the third game in the Fallout series. It was also published on March 15th, 2001. It is different from the other games in the "Fallout" series, as it does not use 40s, 50s, or 60s, music, unlike the rest of the series. It sold 300,000 copies when it was released.

Kyaikmakaw Pagoda

Kyaikmakaw Pagoda (ကျိုက်မတ်ကော်စေတီတော်) is an ancient pagod in Phalay Village, Kawa Township, Bago Region, Myanmar. The hair relics of Gautama Buddha was enshrined in this pagoda. Pagoda is 315 feet tall, and the fourth highest pagoda at that time.

The pagoda is located in Phalay Village, 3 miles 5 furlong east of the Kawa town and 6 furlong from Kawa - Ohnne Road. The pagoda is on the Bago Range.

Cameron Burrell

Cameron Burrell (September 11, 1994August 9, 2021) was an American male sprinter. He was the NCAA Division I champion over 100 meters in 2018. He ran for the United States relay team at the World Junior Championships in 2012 and 2019. He was the son of Olympic gold medalist and former 100 meters world record holder Leroy Burrell, and Olympic gold medalist Michelle Finn-Burrell. Burrell was born in Houston, Texas.

Burrell shot himself on August 9, 2021 at a parking garage in Houston at the age of 26.

Leroy Burrell

Leroy Russel Burrell (born February 21, 1967) is an American track and field athlete. He twice set the world record for the 100 m sprint. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Burrell won a gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Burrell married Olympic gold medalist Michelle Finn-Burrell in 1992. They have three sons; including sprinter Cameron Burrell.

Michelle Finn-Burrell

Michelle Bonae Finn-Burrell (born May 8, 1965) is an American former sprint athlete. She was born in Orlando, Florida. She won a gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

She married Olympic gold medalist Leroy Burrell in 1992. They have three sons Cameron, Joshua and Jaden.

Jean &quot;Binta&quot; Breeze

Jean "Binta" Breeze MBE (11 March 1956 – 4 August 2021) was a Jamaican dub poet and storyteller. Some think she was the first woman to write and perform dub poetry. She worked also as a theatre director, choreographer, actress, and teacher. She was born in Hanover, Jamaica.

Breeze died on 4 August 2021 in Sandy Bay, Jamaica from problems caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 65.

Walter Wangerin Jr.

Walter Wangerin Jr. (February 13, 1944 – August 5, 2021) was an American author and educator. He was best known for his religious novels and children's books. He was born in Portland, Oregon. His best known novel was "The Book of the Dun Cow" and its sequel "The Book of Sorrows".

Wangerin Jr. died on August 5, 2021 at the age of 77.

Sistine Stallone

Sistine Rose Stallone (born June 27, 1998) is an American actress and model. She is known for her role as Nicole in the survival horror movie "".

She is the daughter of actor Sylvester Stallone.

Chi McBride

Kenneth "Chi" McBride (born September 23, 1961) is an American actor. He played Captain Lou Grover of the Five-0 taskforce in the CBS drama "Hawaii Five-0" until the show ended in 2020. He was in the movies "Gone in 60 Seconds"; "The Terminal"; "I, Robot"; "Roll Bounce"; and "Draft Day".


Hassium tetroxide

Hassium tetroxide is a chemical compound that is made up of 4 oxygen atoms connected to a hassium atom. It is one of a few hassium compounds formed by chemists.

Del Irani

Delnaaz Irani is an Indian-Australian journalist based in the United States. She is the anchor of "Deeper Look from New York" on NHK World-Japan.

Pericardium

Pericardium is a thin, conical, fibroelastic sac or a membrane surrounding hearts and its great vessels.

Various functions of pericardium include preventing dislocation of heart by maintaining its original position, providing mechanical support to the heart and its great vessels and act as a lubrication, to lessen friction between the heart and the neighboring structures.

Anatomically It has two main parts fibrous pericardium and serous pericardium.

Histologically, pericardium consists of three layers: the serosa, the fibrosa, and an outer layer of epipericardial connective tissue.
Pericardial fluid is present in between these two layers.
The parietal pericardium (thickness 0.8–1 mm) consists of an outer fibrous connective tissue sac lined by serosa. The serosa comprises unilayer mesothelium (which is responsible for the formation and reabsorption of pericardial fluid) . It is surrounded by variable amount of fatty tissues, particularly in the cardiophrenic angles.

The pericardial sac consists of two pericardial sinuses namely oblique sinus and transverse sinus.

Pericardial effusion is clinical conditions characterized by excessive pericardial fluids in between the parietal and visceral layers. Pericardiocentesis is a clinical procedure carried out to remove excessive fluid that has built up in a pericardium. The inflammation of pericardium is called pericarditis.


Girls Just Want to Have Fun (movie)

Girls Just Want to Have Fun is a 1985 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by first time director Alan Matter and was based on the hit song of the same name by Cyndi Lauper (who also stars uncredited). It stars Sarah Jessica Parker, Helen Hunt, Lee Montgomery, Morgan Woodward, Jonathan Silverman, Ed Lauter, Holly Gagnier and was distributed by New World Pictures.


Howard Hughes Medical Institute

The Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) is an American non-profit medical research organization based in Chevy Chase, Maryland. 

It was founded in 1953, by Howard Hughes.

Hughes was an American film director, businessman, investor, pilot, engineer, and philanthropist. He was one of the most financially successful people in the world. 

The Institute is one of the largest private funding organizations for biological and medical research in the United States. HHMI spends each year biomedical research of about $825 million.

The institute has an endowment of $22.6 billion, making it the second-wealthiest philanthropic organization in the United States and the second-best endowed medical research foundation in the world. HHMI sold the Hughes Aircraft Company.

Point Pleasant, West Virginia

Point Pleasant is a city located in West Virginia, United States.

The city is at the confluence of the Ohio and Kanawha Rivers. 

Point Pleasant was the place in the Battle of Point Pleasant that took place in October 10, 1774. 

The city became popular after Mothman (according to witnesses) appeared. This local legend turned into a book and 2002 movie.

Boana rhythmica

Boana rhythmica is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Parque Nacional Jaua-Sarisariñama in Venezuela, 1600 meters above sea level.

Nestea

Nestea is a brand of iced tea first produced by Coca-Cola. It was distributed by Nestlé and The Coca-Cola Company from 1969 until January 2013. Since then it is produced and distributed by Nestlé. There are several tea-based products, both regular and diet, including liquid and powdered concentrates, chilled teas, and bottles of ready-to-drink beverage that are sold in stores or through Vending machines. The drink comes in different flavors, depending on the country.

Nestea's largest markets are the United States, Mexico, Canada, Australia, Taiwan, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Germany, and Vietnam. 

When Fuze Beverage was bought by The Coca-Cola Company, in Mexico Nestea was not marketed through Coca-Cola. Fuze Tea was put in its place using the same packaging, which was extremely confusing. It was only through a great media campaign that a clear difference could be made between the two products.




1875 Kilkenny City by-election

The 1875 Kilkenny City by-election took place on 28 April 1875. It happened because the current Home Rule MP, John Gray, died.

Three candidates went against each other in the election: Gray's son Edmund Dwyer Gray, Edward Marum, and Benjamin Whitworth, the old MP for Drogheda.

Whitworth won the election with 307 votes. Gray got 125 votes and Marum 112 votes. "The Times" said this was a bad thing for the Home Rule League.

Potamophylax

Potamophylax may refer to:

Animated sitcom

An animated sitcom is a sitcom in a cartoon instead of live action. Instead of video of actors and scenery, the characters and action of an animated sitcom appear as moving drawings or computer animation. Voice actors give the characters' voices. Some animated sitcoms are "The Simpsons" from Fox, "Daria" from MTV, "The Venture Brothers" from Cartoon Network South Park from Comedy Central.

Second inauguration of George W. Bush

The second inauguration of George W. Bush as the 43rd president of the United States happened on January 20, 2005. It was the ceremony that officially said George W. Bush's second term as president and Dick Cheney as vice president was starting. 

The ceremony happened on the West Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. It was the 55th presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist gave the oath of office to Bush. This was the last time Rehnquist gave the presidential oath because he died in September 2005. Dennis Hastert gave the vice presidential oath to Cheney.


Göran Zachrisson

Goran Zachrisson (14 May 1938 – 11 August 2021) was a Swedish golf and sports journalist and television commentator. He was born in Stockholm, Sweden. From 1964 to 1967, Zachrisson was editor in chief of the magazine "Svensk Golf". In 1966, he began working as commentator for the TV broadcasts of The Open Championship and many other golf events.

Zachrisson died on 11 August 2021 in Stockholm of cancer, aged 83.


Gianluigi Gelmetti

Gianluigi Gelmetti OMRI, (11 September 1945 – 11 August 2021) was an Italian-Monégasque conductor and composer. He was born in Rome. He began working for the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. From 1989 to 1998 he was the Principal Conductor of the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra as well as the Schwetzingen Festival. 

Gelmetti died on 11 August 2021 in Monte Carlo, Italy, one month before his 76th birthday.


Marco Borradori

Marco Borradori (6 June 1959 – 11 August 2021) was a Swiss lawyer and politician. He was born in Sorengo, Switzerland. From 2013 until his death in 2021, he was the Mayor of Lugano. He was a member of the Ticino League. He was also a member of the National Council from 1991 until 1995.

Borradori was hospitalized in Lugano on 10 August 2021 after going into cardiac arrest. He died the next day of multiple organ failure, aged 62.

Sabina Ajrula

Sabina Ajrula Toziya (April 17, 1946 – August 10, 2021) was a Macedonian-Turkish actress. She was best known for playing Hayriye Çakırbeyli in crime-drama series "Eşkıya Dünyaya Hükümdar Olmaz" and Afife Hatun in "Muhteşem Yüzyıl". She was born in Skopje, North Macedonia. Her career began in 1969.

Ajrula died on August 10, 2021 in Skopje, North Macedonia from a stroke caused by brain cancer, aged 75.

Donald Kagan

Donald Kagan (; May 1, 1932 – August 6, 2021) was a Lithuanian-born American historian. He worked at Yale University focusing in ancient Greece. He was known for writing about the Peloponnesian War. He also taught at Cornell University. Kagan was born in Kuršėnai, Lithuania and was raised in New York City. He was seen as a neo-conservative.

Kagan died on August 6, 2021 at a retirement home in Washington, D.C. at the age of 89.

Kumar Pallana

Kumar Valavhadas Pallana (23 December 1918 – 10 October 2013) was an Indian-American actor, comedian and vaudevillian. He began his career as plate spinner and juggler on the Mickey Mouse Club. He was known for his role as Gupta in "The Terminal" (2004). Pallana was born in Indore, present-day Madhya Pradesh.

Pallana died on 10 October 2013 in Oakland, California at the age of 94.

Kevin Farrell

Kevin Joseph Farrell KGCHS (born September 2, 1947) is an Irish-American prelate and a cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was a former member of the Legion of Christ.

Farrell was the seventh Bishop of Dallas, as well as the chancellor of the University of Dallas. 

On September 1, 2016, he became the prefect of the Dicastery for the Laity, Family and Life. He was created a cardinal on November 19, 2016, by Pope Francis. 

Teatro dell'Opera di Roma

The Teatro dell'Opera di Roma (Rome Opera House) is an opera house in Rome, Italy. It first opened in November 1880 as the 2,212 seat "Costanzi Theatre". It has gone through many changes such as making the building more modern and changing its name. The current building has 1,600 seats.


Hayden, Indiana

Hayden (also Hardenburgh or Six Mile) is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in central Spencer Township, Jennings County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 501.

Rome, Indiana

Rome is an unincorporated community along the Ohio River in southeastern Tobin Township, Perry County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.

Paulo José

Paulo José Gómez de Souza (20 March 1937 – 11 August 2021) was a Brazilian actor and filmmaker. He was born in Lavras do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul. His career began in 1965 and he retired in 2018. He was known for playing the priest in "The Priest and the Girl" (1966), ​white Macunaíma in "Macunaíma" (1969) and ​Vladimir in "The Clown" (2011).

In 1992, José was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died on 11 August 2021 from pneumonia in Rio de Janeiro, aged 84.

Glauber Rocha

Glauber de Andrade Rocha (; 14 March 1939 – 22 August 1981), better known as Glauber Rocha, was a Brazilian movie director, actor and screenwriter. He was one of the most important movie directors of Brazilian cinema.

His movies "Black God, White Devil" and "Entranced Earth" are thought to be one of the best Brazilian movies ever made. 

Amapa tree frog

The Amapa tree frog ("Boana dentei") is a frog that lives in Brazil and French Guiana.

Cast a Giant Shadow

Cast a Giant Shadow is a 1966 American action movie directed by Melville Shavelson and was based on the biography by Ted Berkamn. It stars John Wayne, Angie Dickinson, Yul Brynner, Frank Sinatra, Senta Berger, Kirk Douglas, Topol, Allan Cuthbertson, Jeremy Kemp and was distributed by United Artists.

Yours, Mine and Ours (1968 movie)

Yours, Mine and Ours is a 1968 American family comedy movie directed by Melville Shavelson and was based on the 1965 novel "Who Gets the Drumstick" by Helen Beardsley. It stars Henry Fonda, Lucille Ball, Van Johnson, Walter Brooke, Louise Troy, Tom Bosley and was distributed by United Artists. It was remade in 2005.


Pulmonary atresia

Pulmonary atresia is a congenital birth defect of the pulmonary valve in which the valve does not develop. The valve is completely closed making it harder for blood to travel from the heart to the lungs.

The pulmonary valve is located on the right side of the heart between the right ventricle and pulmonary artery. In a normal functioning heart, the opening to the pulmonary valve has three flaps that open and close; however with this defect some of the flaps are not formed.

The symptoms/signs of pulmonary atresia that will happen in babies would include fatigue and some shortness of breath.

Pulmonary atresia can be fatal if no emergency surgery is done. If surgery is done, most children affected by this can live normal lives although problems such as strokes, heart disease and seizures are possible.

Rockdale, Illinois

Rockdale is a village in Illinois. In 2020, it had a population of 2,012.

Rockdale is south of Joliet, and southwest of Chicago.

The village's fire suppression services are operated by the Rockdale Fire Protection district. EMS is provided by Daley's Ambulance, and law enforcement by Rockdale Police.

2021 Greece wildfires

The 2021 Greece wildfires were wildfires in Greece from 3 August - 3 September 2021, which killed 2 people. They injured at least 20 others and burned many homes. This happened after a historical heatwave for the country with the highest temperatures reaching .

The largest wildfires were in Attica, Olympia, Messenia, and the most destructive in northern Euboea.

Natalia Gavrilița

Natalia Gavrilița (; born 21 September 1977) is a Moldovan politician and economist . She was the 15th Prime Minister of Moldova from 2021 to 2023.

Bob Hewitt

Robert Anthony John Hewitt (born 12 January 1940) is an Australian-South African former professional tennis player and convicted rapist. He has won 15 major titles and a career Grand Slam in both men's and mixed doubles. Hewitt was born in Dubbo, New South Wales.

Hewitt was convicted in 2015 of rape and sexual assault of minors and was sentenced to six years in jail. He was released in 2020.

Kew, Victoria

Kew is an inner suburb of Melbourne, Australia, 5 km east from Melbourne's Central Business District. In 2016, there were 24,605 people living here.

Elizabeth Prelogar

Elizabeth Barchas Prelogar (born 1980) is an American lawyer. In January 2021, she became acting Solicitor General of the United States. In August 2021, President Joe Biden nominated her to serve as the permanent Solicitor General. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 28, 2021.

Donald B. Verrilli Jr.

Donald Beaton Verrilli Jr. (born June 29, 1957) is an American lawyer. He was the Solicitor General of the United States from 2011 until 2016 during the Barack Obama adminsitration.


Adela Forestello

Adela "Lila" Panelo de Forestello (31 January 1923 – 11 August 2021) was an Argentine human rights activist. She was born in Posadas, Argentina. She was a well known critic of the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet. 

Her husband and daughter were kidnapped as political prisoners of the Pinochet regime in 1977 and never seen since. Forestello soon became active during the Mothers of the Plaza 25 de Mayo movement which is an activist movement where mothers and other family members demand justice over the disappearances of relatives during the Pinochet regime.

Forestello died on 11 August 2021 in Rosario, Argentina at the age of 98.

Oggy and the Cockroaches: The Movie

Oggy and the Cockroaches: The Movie is a 2013 comedy-mystery-science-fiction adventure animated film produced & distributed by Warner Bros. domestically and MGM-UA Family Entertainment internationally. the film was based on the animated series of the same name.

The film was released in the US on November 11, 2019 theatrically. But it was also re-released four times: 2000 (with Total DramaRama characters), 2003, 2007 and 2011. In Canada, it was released on November 13, 1997, and later it aired on CBC and Teletoon in early 2000.

Oggy and the Cockroaches: The Movie was released on DVD and December 7, 2013 by Warner Home Video in the USA and in non-US markets throughout summer 1998 and early 1999 by Universal Studios Home Entertainment.

Three teaser trailer for the film was released on Warner Bros.' website on November 21, 1996, and in theaters alongside Space Jam the following day. The first full trailer debuted on March 15, 1997, and was released with Cats Don't Dance two days later. The final trailer was released on October 11, 1997.

Oggy and the Cockroaches: The Movie was released on DVD on December 7, 2013 by Warner Home Video in the USA and in non-US markets throughout summer 1998 and early 1999 by Universal Studios Home Entertainment.

Ary Ribeiro Valadão

Ary Ribeiro Valadão (14 November 1918 – 9 August 2021) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He was born in Anicuns, Brazil. He was a member of the National Democratic Union Party and National Renewal Alliance.

Valadão was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Goiás from 1959 until 1967. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1967 until 1979 and from 1989 until 1991. He was Governor of Goiás from 1979 until 1983.

Valadão turned 100 in November 2018. He died on 9 August 2021 in Goiânia, Brazil at the age of 102.

Love Happy

Love Happy is a 1949 American musical comedy movie directed by David Miller and starring Harpo Marx, Chico Marx, Groucho Marx, Vera-Ellen, Ilona Massey, Melville Cooper, Raymond Burr, Marilyn Monroe. It was distributed by United Artists.


Gareth Ward

Gareth Ward (born 17 January 1974) is a British diplomat. He is currently the British Ambassador to Vietnam. Ward was made the ambassador in 2018.

Ward was in a video against human trafficking in 2017. He said that people shouldn't trust human traffickers.

Alexander Gesmundo

Alexander Gahon Gesmundo (born November 6, 1956) is a Filipino politician and lawyer. In 2021, he became the Chief Justice of the Philippines. He was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2017 to 2021.

Majority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines

The Majority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, or simply the House Majority Floor Leader, is the leader elected by the majority bloc of the House of Representatives of the Philippines that serves as their official leader in the body.

Martin Romualdez

Ferdinand Martin Gomez Romualdez (, born November 14, 1963) is a Filipino businessman, lawyer, and politician. He is the House Majority Leader since 2019.

Arthur Defensor Sr.

Arthur Doligosa Defensor Sr. (born December 25, 1941) is a Filipino politician and a statesman who served as the Governor of Iloilo from 1992 until 2001, and again from 2010 until 2019. He also served as Representative of the 3rd District of Iloilo from 2001 to 2010.

Sergio Apostol

Sergio Apostol (born January 17, 1935) is a Filipino politician. From 1992 until 2001 and from 2010 until 2016, he was a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines.

Bella Angara

Bellaflor "Bella" Javier Angara-Castillo (born September 14, 1939), simply known as Bella Angara, is a former member of the Philippine House of Representatives representing the lone district of Aurora. She was governor of Aurora province three times from 2004 to 2013. 

Eduardo Gullas

Eduardo "Eddie" Rivera Gullas Sr. (born October 13, 1930) is a Filipino Visayan politician. He has been elected to five terms as a Member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, representing the 1st District of Cebu from 1992 to 2001, and from 2004 to 2013.

He had also held the offices of Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives and the House Majority Leader. He was mayor of Talisay City, Cebu from 2016 to 2019. 

Mar Roxas

Manuel "Mar" Araneta Roxas II (; born May 13, 1957) is a Filipino politician. He was a Senator of the Philippines. He is the grandson of former Philippine President Manuel Roxas. 

Roxas was Secretary of the Interior and Local Government from 2012 to 2015. He was the Secretary of Trade and Industry from 2000 to 2003 and Secretary of Transportation and Communications from 2011 to 2012. 


Minority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines

The Minority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, or simply the House Minority Floor Leader, is the leader elected by the minority bloc of the House of Representatives of the Philippines that serves as their official leader in the body.

Danilo Suarez

Danilo "Danny" Etorma Suarez (born December 20, 1942) is a Filipino politician. In 2019, he became the Governor of Quezon. He was Minority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the 3rd District of Quezon.

Ronaldo Zamora

Ronaldo "Ronny" Bayan Zamora (born December 4, 1944) is a Filipino lawyer and politician. He is a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines of the lone district of San Juan. Zamora was also elected as Minority Floor Leader.

Joseph Stephen Paduano

Joseph Stephen Paduano (born January 22, 1965), also known by his nom de guerre Carapali Lualhalti, is a Filipino politician. He is the House Minority Leader since 2020. He has been the party-list representative for Abang Lingkod since 2014.

Henry Cabot Lodge

Henry Cabot Lodge (May 12, 1850 November 9, 1924) was an American Republican politician, historian, and statesman. He was a member of the United States Senate from 1893 to 1924. He was a critic of the League of Nations.

Augustus Octavius Bacon

Augustus Octavius Bacon (October 20, 1839February 14, 1914) was an American politician. He was a Democratic Party U.S. Senator from Georgia. He was also President pro tempore of the United States Senate. He was a supporter of segregation.

Charles L. McNary

Charles Linza McNary (June 12, 1874February 25, 1944) was a United States Republican politician from Oregon. He was a member of the U.S. Senate from 1917 to 1944 and was Senate Minority Leader from 1933 to 1944. He supported many of the New Deal programs at the beginning of the Great Depression. He is currently the longest serving Senate Minority Leader. He was Wendell Willkie's running mate in the 1940 presidential election.

Wendell Willkie

Wendell Lewis Willkie (born Lewis Wendell Willkie; February 18, 1892 – October 8, 1944) was an American lawyer, corporate executive, and politician. He was the unsuccessful 1940 Republican nominee for President of the United States running against President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Jose P. Perez

Jose Portugal Perez (December 14, 1946 – August 12, 2021) was a Filipino lawyer and politician. He was the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2009 until 2016, after being nominated by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo. He was born in Batangas City, Philippines.

Perez died on August 12, 2021 at the age of 74.

Batangas City

', officially the ' (), is a in the province of , . According to the , it has a population of people.

Robert Wisdom

Robert Ray Wisdom (born September 14, 1953) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Howard "Bunny" Colvin in "The Wire" and Norman "Lechero" St. John in "Prison Break".

Analytical engine

The Analytical engine was designed by Charles Babbage in 1837. It was the first mechanical general purpose computer.

The logical structure of the Analytical engine was essentially the same as computer design today. 

Babbage was never able to complete construction of his machines due to conflicts with his chief engineer and inadequate funding. 

Arthur Aguiar

Arthur Queiroga Bandeira de Aguiar (born March 3, 1989) is a Brazilian actor, singer and swimmer. He began his career in 2008 making plays, his television debut was in 2009 making small appearances in soap operas like "Young Hearts", in 2010 he starred in the series "Bicicleta e Melancia" from Multishow. He gained prominence in 2011 by playing one of the six protagonists of "Rebelde Brasil." Arthur dated Lua Blanco.

Aguiar was born in Rio de Janeiro.


2013 South Shields by-election

The 2013 South Shields by-election was for the UK Parliament constituency of South Shields. The by-election happened because the previous MP, David Miliband, decided he didn't want to be MP anymore. Miliband had the seat since 2001. The by-election happened on 2 May 2013. This was the same day as the local elections around England.

Emma Lewell-Buck of the Labour Party won the by-election. She got 50.4% of the vote. The UK Independence Party (UKIP) came second. The Conservatives lost many votes. They had the third most amount of votes in the by-election.

Wright StreetLite

The Wright StreetLite is a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus. It has been built since 2010 by Wrightbus.

The StreetLite WF (wheel-forward) was launched in 2010. To save space, the axles are in front of the door.

The StreetVibe was launched in 2015. It is much shorter and narrower than a normal StreetLite.

The first StreetVibe entered service with East Lothian Council in April 2016. Two StreetVibes were sent to Moray Council in June and July 2016. Twenty-two StreetVibes were sent to Guernsey's buses.gg in April and May 2017.

In October 2013, VDL Bus & Coach launched a rebadged version of the StreetLite WF, known as the Citea MLE, for the European market.

Quick Parking of Haarlem in the Netherlands took delivery of the first Citea MLE in May 2014. Nobina Danmark are the largest operator of the Citea MLE, taking delivery of five examples in December 2014 and a further pair in June 2015. A further two Citea MLEs entered service in Denmark with Keolis Danmark in December 2014.

The Door Forward StreetLite version, also known as the StreetLite DF, was launched in 2011. The axle is behind the door. The first DF StreetLite was trialled by First London.
The StreetLite Max was launched in 2012. It is noticably longer than normal StreetLites and has 45 seats. The axle is behind the door like the "door forward" version.
The StreetLite Micro Hybrid was launched in 2013.

The StreetLite Micro Hybrid was launched in May 2018.
The StreetLite EV was launched in 2014. Like the Micro Hybrid, It is a battery electric bus with no diesel engine.

In January 2014, Arriva Shires & Essex placed eight EVs into service in Milton Keynes receiving coverage on national news services due to their trial of inductive charging, the first buses of their kind to do so in the UK.

Liber Abaci

Liber Abaci was a Latin Manuscript on math written by Leonardo of Pisa in 1202.

Golden spiral

The Golden Spiral is a part of Math, which is shown in Fibonacci’s Model.

Plymouth shooting

On 12 August 2021, six people were killed in a mass shooting in Plymouth, Devon, England. Six people, including the shooter, Jake Davison, were killed.

In the evening on 12 August 2021, Jake Davison shot his mother dead. This was inside their home on Biddick Drive.

At 18:11 BST, the Devon and Cornwall Police were called to Biddick Drive. At 18:12 BST on 12 August 2021, the South Western Ambulance Service were called to Biddick Drive. Biddick Drive is a street where people live in Keyham, Plymouth, Devon, South West England. Police officers were at Biddick Drive 6 minutes after the shooting. The ambulance service said they responded with a lot of resources and many people. They said this included hazardous area response teams, many ambulances, air ambulances and medics. Four air ambulances went to Biddick Drive because of the incident. People who saw the incident said that they had heard "loud bangs" and "gunshots". and Sky News said that a shooter had been shot and was thought to be dead. At 21:34, Devon and Cornwall Police reported that they believed the incident had been kept to that area. Police said the incident did not have anything to do with terrorism.

Six people were killed in the attacks. Three males and two females died where the shooting took place, including the shooter, who committed suicide. Another woman died because of injuries from the shooting after. One of the dead was a child.

The gunman was Jake Davison. He was a 22-year-old crane operator. He had a gun license.

In a tweet, Home Secretary Priti Patel described the incident as "shocking". She also said that she had talked with the Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall Police. Local MPs Luke Pollard and Johnny Mercer also tweeted, with Pollard suggesting people stay inside.

The Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace, said the shooting was bad. Wallace also said that the shooting didn't have to do with terrorism.

The Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, said that he was sad for those who were affected. He also thanked the emergency services who went to the shooting.

The leader of the opposition, Keir Starmer, said that something sad had happened and that he wasn't happy about it.

Worzel Gummidge (TV series)

Worzel Gummidge is a British television fantasy series. It is based on the "Worzel Gummidge" books by English author Barbara Euphan Todd. It starred Jon Pertwee as Worzel and Una Stubbs as Aunt Sally. It ran for four series in the UK from 1979 to 1981. 

Una Stubbs

Una Stubbs (1 May 1937 – 12 August 2021) was an English actress, television personality and dancer. She played Rita Rawlins in the BBC sitcoms "Till Death Us Do Part" and "In Sickness and in Health". Stubbs also played Aunt Sally in "Worzel Gummidge" and landlady Mrs. Hudson in the television series "Sherlock". Stubbs was born in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire.

Stubbs died on 12 August 2021 in Edinburgh, Scotland at the age of 84.

Igael Tumarkin

Igael Tumarkin (Hebrew: יגאל תומרקין; 23 October 1933 – 12 August 2021) was an Israeli painter and sculptor.

Tumarkin's best known works are the Holocaust and Revival memorial in Rabin Square, Tel Aviv and his sculptures honoring dead soldiers in the Negev.

João Lyra

João José Pereira de Lyra (17 June 1931 – 12 August 2021) was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He was a Member of the Federal Senate from 1989 to 1991, and a Member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2003 to 2007, and from 2011 to 2015. He was born in Recife, Brazil.

Lyra died on 12 August 2021 in Maceió, Brazil of problems caused by bronchopneumonia, aged 90.

Tommy Curtis

Tommy Curtis (January 8, 1952August 3, 2021) was an American college basketball player. He played for the UCLA Bruins. He played on two successful national championship teams at UCLA. 

Curtis died at his home in Port St. Joe, Florida on August 3, 2021.

Albion, Michigan

Albion is a city in Calhoun County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 7,700 at the 2020 census. It is in the south central area of the Lower Peninsula.

Marshall, Michigan

Marshall is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is part of the Battle Creek, Michigan Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 6,822 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Calhoun County.

John A. Rizzo

John A. Rizzo (October 6, 1947 – August 6, 2021) was an American lawyer. He worked as a lawyer in the Central Intelligence Agency for 34 years. He was the Deputy Counsel or Acting General Counsel of the CIA for the first nine years of the War on Terror. He was known for allowing many drone strikes and torture uses done by the CIA.

Peter Fleischmann

Peter Fleischmann (26 July 1937 – 11 August 2021) was a German movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Zweibrücken, then-Nazi Germany. His career lasted from 1957 to 2006. He was known for directing "Hunting Scenes from Bavaria", "Weak Spot" and "Hard To Be a God".

Fleischmann died on 11 August 2021 Potsdam, Germany from problems caused by a fall at the age of 84.

Cherilyn Mackrory

Cherilyn Mackrory (originally Williams, born 5 June 1976) is a British Conservative politician. She was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Truro and Falmouth at the 2019 general election. Before this, she was a councillor in the Cornwall Council for the area of St Mewan.

Mackrory was born and grew up as a child in Scarborough, North Yorkshire.

Mackory was elected as a Conservative councillor on Cornwall Council for the area of St Mewan. She was elected to the Council in the May 2017.

In the 2019 United Kingdom general election, Mackory was made the Conservative candidate for the constituency of Truro and Falmouth. This was after the Member of Parliament before the election, Sarah Newton, said that she would not try to be elected as MP again. Mackrory was elected as the MP with 4,561 more votes than the candidate in second. She got 46% of the vote.

Gil Cisneros

Gilbert Ray Cisneros Jr. (born February 12, 1971) is an American philanthropist and former politician. Cisneros is the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness since 2021. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2019 to 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He lost his re-election in his 2020 by former California State Assembly member Young Kim.

In 2010, he and his wife won a $266 million Mega Millions lottery jackpot.

Without Pity (1948 movie)

Without Pity () is a 1948 Italian crime drama movie directed by Alberto Lattuada and starring Carla Del Poggio, John Kitzmiller, Giulietta Masina, Folco Lulli.


1 Mile North

1 Mile North is an ambient/post-rock duo. The members are guitarist Jon Hills and keyboardist Mark Bajuk.

The band has released four full-length albums, a split LP with Colophon and The Wind-Up Bird, and a collection of home and live recordings.

Their fourth album, "Tombs and Cocoons" was released on February 20, 2020.

The band's music has been featured in Steven Okazaki's Oscar-Nominated documentary "The Conscience of Nhem En", and in Okazaki's "".

Music was also in the score of 2013's "Facing Fear", a documentary from Jason Cohen nominated for an Oscar in 2014.

Albums


Split albums


Live albums



Leon Litwack

Leon Frank Litwack (December 2, 1929 – August 5, 2021) was an American historian. His works focused on slavery and the Reconstruction Era of the United States. He won a National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize for History. His best known written work was the 1979 book "". Litwack was born in Santa Barbara, California.

Litwack died on August 5, 2021 in Berkeley, California of bladder cancer, aged 91.

Dominic DeNucci

Dominic Nucciarone (23 January 1932 – 12 August 2021) was an Italian-American professional wrestler and trainer. He was known under his ring name of Dominic DeNucci. He was born in Venice, Italy and was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His career began in 1958 and he retired in 2012. 

In June 2020, DeNucci was hospitalized for heart failure in McCandless, Pennsylvania. He died at the age of 89 on 12 August 2021.


Freedom, Pennsylvania

Freedom is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States, located along the Ohio River northwest of Pittsburgh.

Helen B. Taussig

Helen Brooke Taussig (May 24, 1898 – May 20, 1986) was an American cardiologist. Her work focused on pediatric cardiology. She is known for creating the lifesaving surgery that would make children born with (the most common cause of blue baby syndrome) live longer. 

Jane Somerville

Jane Somerville (née Platnauer; born 24 January 1933) is a British emeritus professor of cardiology at Imperial College London.

Somerville was the attending physician at Britain's first heart transplantation in 1968. She is best known for writing and researching about GUCH (grown-ups with congenital heart disease). 

Tommy Dorsey

Thomas Francis Dorsey Jr. (November 19, 1905 – November 26, 1956) was an American jazz trombonist, composer, conductor and bandleader. He was an important person in swing music. His theme song was "I'm Getting Sentimental Over You". He is best known for "Opus One", "Song of India", "Marie", "On Treasure Island", and his biggest hit single, "I'll Never Smile Again".

Dorsey died on November 26, 1956 in Greenwich, Connecticut after choking in his sleep, aged 51.

Shenandoah, Pennsylvania

Shenandoah is a borough in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Pottsville, Pennsylvania

Pottsville is a city in, and the county seat of, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 13,346 at the 2020 census.

Tsutomu Miyazaki

Tsutomu Miyazaki (, 1962-2008) was a Japanese serial killer, cannibal, child rapist and necrophile. Miyazaki kidnapped and killed four little girls from 1988 to 1989. As a result, he was arrested and charged. After that, the death penalty was finalized and executed.　

Catherine Colonna

Catherine Colonna (born 16 April 1956) is a French politician. Colonna has been the Ministry for Europe and Foreign Affairs since 2022. She was the Ambassador of France to the United Kingdom from 2019 to 2022. Before this, she was the Ambassador of France to Italy between 2014 and 2017.

Colonna learnt about law as a child.

In 1983, she chose to become a diplomat instead of doing a job associated with law. She decided to work at the French embassy in the USA. Colonna started working in the political unit. She would move to the press and information unit.
After she went back to Paris, she would work in the legal part of Ministry of Foreign Affairs. She did this from 1986 to 1988.

In 1993, Minister of Foreign Affairs Alain Juppé and Cabinet Director Dominique de Villepin named Catherine Colonna deputy spokesperson. This meant she helped represent the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In May 1995, President Jacques Chirac made her the speaker for the Élysée Palace. Colonna would stop her work in diplomacy for a bit after this.

After the European Constitution referendum, she started working on diplomacy again. Colonna was made Minister Delegate for European Affairs on 2 June 2005. She was the Minister for two years, until 15 May 2007.

On 26 March 2008, Catherine Colonna was made the French ambassador to UNESCO.

She also is in-charge the board of leaders of the École du Louvre. She became in-charge in May 2010.

She was made the French ambassador to Italy on 14 August 2014. She would work as the ambassador until 2017. In 2019, she became the French ambassador to the United Kingdom.



Tsukudani

Tsukudani is a Japanese food. It is small seafood, meat or seaweed that has been simmered in soy sauce and mirin. For example, Inago no tsukudani is made from locusts that are boiled in soy sauce and sugar. 

Speed Walking

Speed Walking () is a 2014 Danish drama movie directed by Niels Arden Oplev and is based on the novel of the same name by Morten Kirkskov. It stars Villads Bøye, Frederik Winther Rasmussen, Kraka Donslund Nielsen, Anders W. Berthelsen, Sidse Babett Knudsen.


Valle tree frog

The valle tree frog ("Boana rubracyla") is a frog that lives in Chocó and Valle del Cauca in Colombia. It also lives in Ecuador. It lives below 500 meters above sea level.

Garðabær

Garðabær is a municipality in the Capital Region of Iceland. In 2019, 16,299 people lived there.

The municipality of Álftanes was merged into the neighboring municipality of Garðabær in January 2013.

Garðabær is twinned with:

Kjósarhreppur

Kjósarhreppur, also known as Kjós, is a municipality in Iceland. It is part of the Capital Region. In 2020, 245 people lived there.

Mosfellsbær

Mosfellsbær is a town and municipality in southwest Iceland. It is east of the nations capital, Reykjavík. In 2020, 12,073 people lived there.


Satoshi Uematsu

Satoshi Uematsu (, 1990- ) was a Japanese mass murderer, a perpetrator of 2016 that killed 19 people. He was a 26-year-old (at the time of the incident) man. 

Uematsu used to work at the care home "Tsukui Yamayuri En" (津久井やまゆり園). He resigned from working at the facility in February 2016 after having been employed there for over three years. 

In February 2016, Uematsu appealed by letter for the legalization of ending the lives of those with multiple disabilities in cases where it was requested by their guardians, and asked for Tadamori Oshima's assistance in delivering his message to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe. In it, he wrote, "I envision a world where a person with multiple disabilities can be euthanised, with an agreement from the guardians, when it is difficult for the person to carry out household and social activities." He also wrote that the killings of the disabled would be "for the sake of Japan and world peace" as well as to benefit the global economy and prevent World War III.

In 26 July 2016, Uematsu killed 19 people at "Tsukui Yamayuri En" by Knives. On 16 March 2020, Uematsu was sentenced to death by the Yokohama District Court, having previously said he would not challenge any verdict or sentence. On 30 March 2020, his death sentence was finalized as he withdrew automatic appeal to the upper courts.

Seltjarnarnes

Seltjarnarnes is a town and municipality in the Capital Region of Iceland. In 2020, 4,726 people lived there. It was created in 1947.

Seltjarnarnes is twinned with:

1957 African Cup of Nations

The 1957 African Cup of Nations was the 1st edition of The tournament. It was hosted in Sudan.

Comps-sur-Artuby

Comps-sur-Artuby is a commune of 346 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Correns

Correns is a commune of 912 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Cotignac

Cotignac is a commune of 2,136 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Crau

La Crau is a commune of 18,506 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Croix-Valmer

La Croix-Valmer is a commune of 3,778 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Nowy Sącz

Nowy Sącz (; ; ; ) is a city in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in Poland. In 2018, 83,896 people lived there.

It is at the confluence of the Kamienica River and Dunajec.

Nowy Sącz is twinned with:

Julie London

Julie London (originally Julie Peck; September 26, 1926 – October 18, 2000) was an American pop and jazz singer, television, stage, radio and movie actress. Her career lasted for almost four decades. London was known for having sultry contralto vocal ranges. Contralto means a female singing voice whose vocal range has the lowest female voice type. She recorded just over thirty pop and jazz albums between 1955 and 1969. Her recording of the Arthur Hamilton melancholy pop ballad "Cry Me a River" was added into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2001. London was also awarded a Golden Globe Award in 1974 for her role as Dixie McCall in the 1970s NBC television show "Emergency!" (1972 to 1977).

London was the female lead in a lot of Western movies. Those included acting with Gary Cooper in "Man of the West" (1958), Robert Taylor in "Saddle the Wind" (another 1958 Western movie) and Robert Mitchum for "The Wonderful Country" (1959). Other movies were the crime movie "Crimes Against Joe" (1956) and the musical and comedy movie "The Girl Can't Help It" (also from 1956). 

London released several albums during the 1960s. Those included "Whatever Julie Wants" (1961), "Love Letters" (1962) and "The End of the World" (1963). The latter carried her cover of the Skeeter Davis song.

London was born in Santa Rosa, California. She was affected with negative health after a stroke in 1995. Four years later, London was given a diagnosis of lung cancer. She died from cardiac arrest inside a Los Angeles hospital at age 74.

Second Syrian Republic

The Second Syrian Republic—officially the Syrian Republic from 1950 to 1958 and the Syrian Arab Republic from 1961 to 1963—succeeded the First Syrian Republic that had become "de facto" independent in April 1946 from the French Mandate. 


First Syrian Republic

The First Syrian Republic, officially the Syrian Republic, was formed in 1930 as a component of the French Mandate of Syria and Lebanon, succeeding the State of Syria. 

State of Syria (1925–1930)

The State of Syria (, "") was a French Mandate state created by decree of 5 December 1924, with effect from 1 January 1925, from the union of the State of Aleppo and the State of Damascus.


Don Benito

Don Benito is a municipality of 37,284 people (2020). It is in the province of Badajoz in the autonomous community of Extremadura in Spain. It is on the Guadiana river.

Maine (river)

The Maine is a river in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. It is 11.5 km long and is a tributary of the Loire river.

It is formed by the confluence of the Mayenne and Sarthe rivers north of Angers. It flows through this city and joins the Loire southwest of Angers.

Pérols-sur-Vézère

Pérols-sur-Vézère is a commune in the Corrèze department. It is in central France.


Corrèze, Corrèze

Corrèze is a commune in the Corrèze department. It is in central France.


Cuers

Cuers is a commune of 11,560 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Entrecasteaux

Entrecasteaux is a commune of 1,124 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Esparron, Var

Esparron is a commune of 364 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Esparron

Esparron is the name of four communes in France:

Esparron, Haute-Garonne

Esparron is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Gino Strada

Gino Strada (born Luigi Strada; 21 April 1948 – 13 August 2021) was an Italian physician, human rights activist, peace activist, and war surgeon. He was the founder of Emergency, an international non-governmental organization. Strada was born in Sesto San Giovanni, Italy. 

Strada died in Rouen, France on 13 August 2021 from heart failure, aged 73.

Haydée Coloso-Espino

Haydee Coloso-Espino (August 28, 1937 – August 12, 2021) was a Filipino swimmer. She competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. She was born in Dueñas, Philippines. She was known as the "Asian Swim Queen".

In January 2020, Coloso-Espino was hospitalized for a respiratory tract infection. She died at her home in Iloilo City on August 12, 2021, aged 83.

Les Vandyke

Les Vandyke (born John Worsley; 21 June 1931 – 6 August 2021) was an English pop singer-songwriter.

Vandyke wrote the UK No.1 hits "What Do You Want?", "Poor Me" (both for Adam Faith), and "Well I Ask You" (for Eden Kane). 

Vandyke died on 6 August 2021 at the age of 90.

Nanci Griffith

Nanci Caroline Griffith (July 6, 1953 – August 
13, 2021) was an American country folk singer-songwriter and guitarist. Griffith appeared many times on the PBS music program "Austin City Limits". Griffith was born in Seguin, Texas. Her career lasted from 1977 until 2013. Griffith won a Grammy Award in 1994.

Griffith died on August 13, 2021 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 68.

Gábor Novák

Gábor Novák (14 August 1934 – 5 August 2021) was a Hungarian sprint canoer. He won a silver medal in the C-1 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

Robert H. Burnside

Robert Henry Burnside (May 20, 1933 – August 2, 2021) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1971 to 1978. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Columbia, South Carolina.

Burnside died on August 2, 2021 in Columbia at the age of 88.

Devizes (UK Parliament constituency)

Devizes is a constituency of the UK Parliament. It is in Wiltshire, England. The current MP for it is Danny Kruger, a Conservative. He was elected in the 2019 United Kingdom general election.

The constituency has four towns and many villages inside it. The area's MP has been someone from the Conservative Party since 1924.

Devizes originally elected two Members of Parliament (MPs). They did this until the 1868 general election. They stopped because the Reform Act 1867 lowered its their amount of MPs to one MP. MPs are elected by first-past-the-post. The seat has had a Conservative MP elected at every election since 1924.

Its most well-known MP was Henry Addington. Addington was the MP for the seat when he was Prime Minister. He also was the MP for the seat when he was Speaker of the House of Commons.

Devizes has been a usual Conservative seat since 1945. The current Member of Parliament is Danny Kruger. He was first elected at the 2019 general election. The MP before him was Claire Perry. Perry decided not to run at the next election.
Devizes was the constituency of the fictional (fake) Conservative MP The Honourable Sir Piers Fletcher-Dervish, Baronet, later Junior Minister for Housing, in the TV sitcom "The New Statesman". The actor Michael Troughton played the MP.
The show was set in the 1980s. This was when Charles Andrew Morrison was MP for the actual seat.

ImJayStation

Jason Matthew Ethier (born February 14, 1990), also known as ImJayStation or JayStation, is an Internet personality and former YouTuber from Canada.

He began as JayStation. In 2016, he was arrested by Ottawa police for trespassing for doing "24-hour overnight challenges". As such, his channel got demonetized. After the arrest he went under the new name ImJayStation. His channels were deleted on March 12, 2021.

Around January 2020 he announced the death of his girlfriend, Akelia, due to a drunk driver. However when he did an ouija board challenge, a video showed up confirming that Akelia was alive. After this shocking controversy Jaystation was banned from YouTube.

Music censorship

Music censorship refers to editing, censoring or changing different forms/areas of music for a particular reason. The reasons for censoring or editing a song often include moral, religious or political subjects or themes involving the song in question. Censorship often varies from the complete government-enforced legal prohibitions for musical works to the optional removal of questionable or inappropriate material when a song or other musical work appears in a particular context.

Songs are often edited before they're broadcast on any radio or television networks. This is for removing any material that may be classified as objectionable for a number of listeners. The objectionable materials in question include profanity, references to sex, violence and drug abuse/trafficking. This is mainly done to comply with the relevant rule in broadcasting and with the conduct codes. It's also done for making songs more marketable for mainstream audiences. Songs edited for materials within this manner are mainly called clean version songs. Common editing techniques include backmasking, blocking or completely replacing any offensive lyrics with different words.

Several different edits of the CeeLo Green pop/soul song "Fuck You". These include one where the song's lyrics and title were changed to "Forget You." Another mutes the profanity "fuck" without actually replacing it. The original title for The Black Eyed Peas' 2003 song "Let's Get it Started" was "Let's Get Retarded". The song's title was changed because the word "retarded" was an offensive word. "Let's Get it Started" was later released as a standalone single. It peaked at #21 on the United States' "Billboard Hot 100".

Songs having possibly objectionable wordings with double meanings or mishearings of certain phrases were also sometimes censored. One example for such songs includes Britney Spears' 2009 dance-pop single "If U Seek Amy". The chorus and title for this Spears' song were heard in the words "F-U-C-K me". Spears' then record labels made a radio edit of the song in which the word "seek" was replaced by "see". That was because "If U Seek Amy" was criticized for being a sexually offensive song. The song caused serious controversy related to possible obscenity all across the world. Similar concerns and troubles happened with The Black Eyed Peas' 2005 single "Don't Phunk with My Heart". Radio stations were especially worried the word "phunk" (the misspelling of the word "funk") could be misheard by listeners as sounding almost like the word "fuck". The group's record label created an alternate version changing the word to "mess".

Some listeners have not been satisfied with musical works being edited for being played over radio. They say that it damages the artistic integrity of the original song. Listeners have to seek out other platforms which are not being censored. One example of such platforms is listening to music through the Internet. The gangsta rap group N.W.A was highly controversial, in particular for the song "Fuck tha Police", released in 1988. The assistant directors of the Federal Bureau of Investigation sent letters to Priority Records to protest against the lyrics of the song. In 1992, another song about violence towards law enforcement agents, "Cop Killer", was released by Body Count and rap singer Ice-T. 

The civil rights activist C. Delores Tucker criticized gangsta rap. She was intensely criticized during several songs over her having negative opinions toward gangsta rap. One especially criticizing song was the 1996 Tupac Shakur song "How Do U Want It". Tucker sued Shakur's estate for emotional distress and slander related to the song. The lawsuit, however, was later dismissed.

In 1990, Floridian political activist Jack Thompson targeted Miami-based rap singers 2 Live Crew and their 1989 album "As Nasty as They Wanna Be". Songs on the album included "Me So Horny" (taken from the 1987 war movie "Full Metal Jacket"). Thompson classified the rap album as obscene.

Doom (movie)

Doom is an science fiction movie directed by Andrezej Bartkowiak. Loosely based on adaptation on video game same title of the popular series by id Software. The movie starring Karl Urban, Rosamund Pike, Razaaq Adoti, and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.

After movie rights deals with Universal Pictures and Columbia Pictures has been expired, id Software was signed with a deal with Warner Bros, with the stipuation that the movie would be greenlit within a year.

14 years later, after the first "Doom" movie come out, executive producer John Wells stated that a reboot version called "" was released in 2019.

A Night in Casablanca

A Night in Casablanca is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Archie Mayo and starring Groucho Marx, Harpo Marx, Chico Marx, Charles Drake, Lois Collier, Sig Ruman, Lewis L. Russell. It was distributed by United Artists.


Movie rights

Movie rights are rights under copyright law to produce a movie as a derivative work of a given item of intellectual property. In the US law, these rights belong to the holderf of the copyright, who may sell (or "option") them to someone in the movie industry—usually a producer or director, or maybe sometimes a specialist of such propeties—who will then try to gather industry professionals, and secure the financial backing necessary to convert the property into a movie.

Police Academy: Mission to Moscow

Police Academy: Mission to Moscow is a 1994 American comedy movie directed by Alan Matter and is the seventh movie in the "Police Academy" series. It stars Michael Winslow, David Graf, Leslie Easterbrook, George Gaynes, Christopher Lee, G.W. Bailey, Charlie Schlatter, Ron Perlman and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Army Men

Army Men is a series of video games developed by The 3DO Company and published by Global Star Software.

Rhino Season

Rhino Season is a 2012 documentary movie directed by Bahman Ghobadi and starring Behrouz Vossoughi, Monica Bellucci, Yılmaz Erdoğan, Caner Cindoruk, Belçim Bilgin, Beret Saat.

Boana ericae

Boana ericae is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place, in Chapada dos Veadeiros in Goiás.

Helen Parr (The Incredibles)

Helen Parr, (or Elastigirl, Mrs. Incredible), is a fictional character who appears in Pixar's animated superhero film "The Incredibles" (2004) and its sequel "Incredibles 2" (2018). Voiced by actress Holly Hunter, the character is a superhero who possesses superhuman elasticity, granting her the ability to stretch any part of her body to great proportions. It was written and developed by Brad Bird.


Too Young to Love

Too Young to Love is a 1959 British courtroom drama movie directed by Muriel Box and was based on the play "Pickup Girl" by Elsa Shelley. It stars Pauline Hahn, Austin Willis, Vivian Matalon, Jess Conrad, Alan Gifford, Bessie Love, Cec Linder, Miki Iveria.


Dreams (2006 movie)

Dreams ( ("Ahlaam") ) is a 2006 Iraqi drama movie directed by Mohamed Al-Daradji and starring Aseel Adel, Bashir Al-Majid, Mohamed Hashim.

Queensland Kanaka English

Queensland Kanaka English, Queensland Canefields English or Queensland Plantation Pidgin English is an English-based pidgin spoken by Melanesians labourers in parts of Queensland during the late 1860s.

The Undercover Man

The Undercover Man is a 1949 American crime thriller movie directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Glenn Ford, Nina Foch, James Whitmore, Barry Kelley, David Bauer, Howard St. John, Leo Penn, Kay Medford. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Muyinga

Muyinga is a city in northern Burundi. It is the capital of the Muyinga Province. It is at an elevation of 1731 m and 100,715 people lived there. The city is about 117 km northeast of Bujumbura, the nation's capital.

Shadows and Fog

Shadows and Fog is a 1991 American mystery comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and also starring Kathy Bates, Jodie Foster, John Cusack, Mia Farrow, Donald Pleasence, John C. Reilly, Madonna, John Malkovich, Fred Gwynne, Lily Tomlin. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Veins of the World

Veins of the World () is a 2020 Mongolian German drama movie directed by Byambasuren Davaa and starring Bat-Ireedui Batmunkh, Enerel Tumen, Yalalt Namsrai, Algirchamin Baatarsuren, Ariunbyamba Sukhee.

The Cave of the Yellow Dog

The Cave of the Yellow Dog (; ) is a 2005 Mongolian German children's drama movie directed by Byambasuren Davaa and starring Urjindorjyn Batchuluun, Buyandulamyn Daramdadi, Batchuluuny Nansal.

College of Aeronautical Engineering, Guwahati

The College of Aeronautical Engineering (CAE) is an Aeronautical Maintenance Engineering institute in Guwahati, Assam. After approval by the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), Ministry of Civil Aviation, Govt. of India (as per CAR 147 Basic), it was established in 2009 in Borjhar, Guwahati. CAE offers a unique combination of BSc in Aeronautics and the more specific Aircraft Maintenance Engineering Course together, has been able to maintain a very high standard of education and training system and has made its mark as one of the best aeronautical engineering institutes in India which is the first of its kind and the only institute to offer Aeronautical Engineering in Assam. Even with its present resources, CAE has been maintaining its top position among the top 10 Aircraft Maintenance Engineering Colleges in India and aspires to become a leader in providing the best education and training.

Athis-Mons

Athis-Mons is a French commune. It is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 35,101 people lived here in 2018.

A small part of Orly Airport is on the territory of the commune.

Bezons

Bezons is a French commune. It is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 30,484 people lived here in 2018.

Brunoy

Brunoy is a French commune. It is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 25,354 people lived here in 2018.

Bussy-Saint-Georges

Bussy-Saint-Georges is a French commune. It is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 26,806 people lived here in 2018.

Bussy-Saint-Georges was first mentioned as "Villa Buxido" in 841. The full name of Bussy-Saint-Georges appeared in the 13th century.


Bussy-Saint-Georges is twinned with:

2021–22 Premier League

The 2021–22 Premier League was the 30th season of the Premier League, the top division of football in England. Manchester City were the defending champions, having won their fifth Premier League title in the previous season. The season started on 13 August 2021. Stadium sound only.

There were 20 teams in this season and 17 returned from the previous season. The teams that came up from the Championship were Norwich City, Watford (who both return to the Premier League after being away for a year) and Brentford (who return to the top division for the first time in seventy-four years).

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

(H) – Home team<br>(A) – Away team






Chatichai Choonhavan

Chatichai Choonhavan (, , ; 5 April 1920 – 6 May 1998) was a Thai army officer and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Thailand from August 1988 until he was removed from power of February 1991.

Levone

Levone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about northwest of Turin.

Levone is next to these municipalities: Forno Canavese, Rivara, Rocca Canavese, and Barbania.

Pil Trafa

Enrique Chalar (February 1, 1959 – August 13, 2021), better known as Pil Trafa, was an Argentine punk rock singer and composer. He was an important singer in Spanish punk rock music in Latin America. He played with his band Los Violadores. Trafa was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His career began popular in the 1980s.

Trafa died on August 13, 2021 at his home in Lima, Peru from cardiopulmonary arrest, aged 62.

Rivara

Rivara is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Henryk Hoser

Henryk Franciszek Hoser (27 November 1942 – 13 August 2021) was a Polish prelate of the Catholic Church. He was bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Warszawa-Praga in Poland from 2008 to 2017. He was born in Warsaw.

Hoser died on 13 August 2021 in Warsaw, aged 78.

Dilys Watling

Dilys Watling (born Dilys Rhys Jones, 5 May 1943 – 10 August 2021) was an English actress. She was best known for her roles in many BBC television shows. She was in "Coronation Street", "The Benny Hill Show" and "The Two Ronnies". Watling was born in Fulmer Chase, Buckinghamshire. Her career lasted from 1962 until 1994.

Watling died on 10 August 2021, aged 78.

Andrzej Borodzik

Andrzej Borodzik (9 April 1930 – 13 August 2021) was a Polish politician and chemist. He was born in Sulejówek, Poland. From 2005 until 2007, he was President of the Polish Scouting and Guiding Association. He was also a member of Sejm from 1965 until 1972.

Borodzik died on 13 August 2021 at the age of 91.

Sulejówek

Sulejówek is a town in Poland. It is about 18 km east of Warsaw.

Bitonto

Bitonto is a city in the Apulia region of Italy. It is to the west of Bari, near the Adriatic Sea.

The city is known for producing olive oil and wine. About 54,500 people live in Bitonto.

San Giuliano Milanese

San Giuliano Milanese is an Italian city in Lombardy. It is about southeast of Milan and has about 36,000 inhabitants.

San Giuliano Milanese is twinned with:

Formigine

Formigine is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 34,000 people live there.

Chatou

Chatou is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center. 30,330 people lived here in 2018.

Draveil

Draveil is a French commune. It is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 28,741 people lived here in 2018.

Élancourt

Élancourt is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center. 25,575 people lived here in 2018.

Élancourt is twinned with:

Vimartin-sur-Orthe

Vimartin-sur-Orthe is a commune of 1,121 people (2018). It is in Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in northwest France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2021 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Pierre-sur-Orthe (the seat), Saint-Martin-de-Connée and Vimarcé.

Saint-Aubin-des-Préaux

Saint-Aubin-des-Préaux is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Terregatte

Saint-Aubin-de-Terregatte is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.

Évenos

Évenos is a commune of 2,423 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Farlède

La Farlède is a commune of 9,348 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Rastatt

Rastatt is a town in the district of Rastatt in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is about southwest of Karlsruhe.

Rastatt is twinned with:


Boana atlantica

Boana atlantica is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Michaux-Perreaux steam velocipede

The Michaux-Perreaux steam velocipede was a steam-powered moving machine. It looked like a motorcycle. It was a steam engine on a bicycle. Louis-Guillaume Perreaux made the steam engine, and Pierre Michaux made the bicycle. It was made in France between 1867 and 1871. It is one of three moving machines that people say could be the first motorcycle. The two others are the Roper steam velocipede of 1867 or 1868 and the internal combustion engine Daimler Reitwagen of 1885. Perreaux made the steam velocipede better over time. He had built a tricycle version by 1884. The only Michaux-Perreaux steam velocipede made, on loan from the Musée de l'Île-de-France, Sceaux, was the first machine people saw when they went into the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum rotunda in the Art of the Motorcycle exhibition in New York in 1998.

Not everyone agrees on which machine was the first motorcycle. Wtiter L. J. K. Setright said the simplest way to say what a motorcycle was was a bicycle with a heat engine. "If we accept this we must go on to admit that its prototype is unidentifiable, shrouded in the mists of industrial antiquity," meaning that this definition meant no one could say for sure which motorcycle was first. Both the Michaux-Perreaux and Roper machines have also been said to be produced in the years 1867, 1868, and 1869.

Other people, such as "Cycle World"'s Technical Editor Kevin Cameron, say neither of these two machines were the first motorcycles. They either say that a true motorcycle must use a gasoline internal combustion engine, or that the first motorcycle must use the same technology as motorcycles that were good enough for people to make many of them. They say that "dead end" motorcycles do not count. These people say that Wilhelm Maybach and Gottlieb Daimler's 1885 Daimler Reitwagen was the first motorcycle.

The first motorcycle that was mass-produced is easier to find. It was the liquid cooled four-stroke Hildebrand &amp; Wolfmüller of 1894. It was mass-produced, and sold commecially.

The "Oxford English Dictionary" and other dictionaries say that motorcycles must have an internal combustion engine. By this definition, the Michaux-Perreaux steam velocipede is not a motorcycle. For most of the 20th century, people thought this definition of "motorcycle" was good. But then electric motorcycles became more important.

Some people say the Reitwagen was the first motorcycle because its power generator is like the power generators in almost all later motorcycles that worked well. Cameron said, "History follows things that succeed, not things that fail." Writer Glynn Ker ignored the Michaux-Perraux altogether. Ker says the Daimler Reitwagen is, "the predecessor of all gasoline-driven vehicles on land, sea, or air." He does not call it a true motorcycle, though, because it had to use two wheels that stuck out from the sides to keep from falling over, so it could not lean to the side the way modern motorcycles do. Kerr also says that that the Reitwagen was not as well designed as other vehicles Daimler and Maybach made. Daimler and Maybach were not interested in motorcycles at the time. They wanted to use the Motorwagen to test their engine. After they had developed it, they worked on building a four wheeled stagecoach, a hot air balloon, and a boat instead. David Burgess-Wise called the Daimler-Maybach test bed "a crude makeshift." He said, "as a bicycle, it was 20 years out of date."

L. J. K. Setright and David Burgess-Wise say that it was Pierre Michaux's son Ernest who first attached the engine to the velocipede. Charles M. Falco says it was Louis-Guillaume Perreaux. The Michaux-Perreaux machine was made out of one of the first pedal bicycles that sold well, a boneshaker. Michaux had been building over 400 of these bicycles per year since 1863. The velocipede also used a single cylinder alcohol fueled Perreaux engine, which used twin flexible leather belt drives to the rear wheel. They put a steam pressure gauge where the rider could see it, above the front wheel. They added a hand control so the rider could control the steam. The base Michaux velocipede came with a spoon brake, but the steam version had no brakes. The engine weighed , and the whole steam velocipede weighed . In a June 14, 1871 version, Perreaux removed some cranks and pedals from the front wheel. There was an arched downtube instead of straight one to give the engine more space. The steam velocipede worked. It did not have any commercial successors.

Only one of the original 1867–1871 machine was ever made, but by 1884, Perreaux showed a tricycle version of his steam velocipede at the Industrial Exhibition on the Champs-Élysées, Paris. It had two rear wheels, and the belt drove the front wheel. The alcohol-fueled engine had a bore and stroke like the original's, and developed a steam pressure of 3½ atm (250 kPa) in its boiler. It could move as fast as . The water tanks had enough fuel for two to three hours of steam, so it could go .


Mojgan Azimi

Mojgan Azimi (, born ) is an Afghan singer and painter.

Mojgan Azimi born on August 21, 1985 in Herat, Afghanistan. The Mojgan family immigrated to Iran after the Afghan civil war and settled in Mashhad. She completed her primary and secondary education in Iran and then emigrated to Germany with her family. Mojgan's family moves to Switzerland after a while, she is currently living in Switzerland.

Mojgan started her artistic activities at the age of 10 with oil painting. She later studied classical guitar and completed vocal lessons at the age of 18. 
She has recorded "Ayah" and "twenty-five years" in Iran in 2018. The music video for "Ayah" is known as the first professional work of her, which has rich messages for support of women's, human rights and condemnation of customs and gender discrimination beliefs about them in Afghanistan.

She published "Hakeman" in the beginning of autumn 2018. The song won the first prize for best singer, best music and best songwriting at the 2018 San Francisco Roman Award Festival.

Blue space

In urban planning and design, blue space or blue infrastructure refers to all the areas which have bodies of water or water courses (that is lakes, rivers, and bays). Together with greenspace (parks, gardens and the like), it allows to lower the temperature in the city (called urban heat island).

Many cities have waterbodies. Very often, these waterbodies have been important in the history of the city. One such example is the River Thames in London.

Accessible blue spaces can help revitalize neighborhoods. It can also promote the people feeling like they belong together. Examples of such project are the Chattanooga Waterfront (Chattanooga, Tennessee), the CityDeck in Green Bay, Wisconsin, or the Brooklyn Bridge Park in New York City. Festivals at the waterfront also help promote this feeling.

Neighborhoods with access to attractive natural features often have the problem of gentrification, people with more money, a better education or a higher social class will move in, and lead to a price increase. For this reason, the social benefits associated with waterbodies are often not distributed equally. Normal neighborhoods and poorer ones often do not have access to good quality blue spaces.

Living close to water bodies carriessome risks, such as water-borne diseases in drinking water, flooding risks, or drowning. Scientific evidence shows that exposure to blue spaces is also associated with different health benefits to those near water bodies. One of the mechanisms by which this phenomenon can be explained is by the Biophilia hypothesis developed by Edward O. Wilson. This theory states that humans have developed a strong connection with nature throughout their evolution: This leads them to subconsciously seek natural environments, including green and blue spaces.Recent research has identified three main way that can help explain why living close to green and blue spaces can be beneficial to health.


Different studies have found that people who live near coastal areas are more likely to practice a form of physical activity that is healthy. This has been explained by the fact that there are walking paths along the coast, that can be used. Another explanation is that blue spaces have aestethical attributes (they 'look good') which may motivate people to practice a physical activity near or on the water. Having a body of water close by is not enough to motivate people to be physically active: These bodies of water need to be accessible. A study that focused on teenagers found that those living near beaches that had a major road between their homes and the water body had lower levels of physical activity than those with a direct access to the beach.

As outlined above, the presence of blue spaces may lead to people being physically more active. A study found that people who lived far from green spaces or a waterfront in an urban area have a higher risk of developing obesity.

People who have conditions that affect breathing (such as asthma) can improve their quality of life when they move closer to a body of water. This could be explained by the mists and sprays generated by the water movement. Another study that measured the impact in health of green and blue spaces for those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) had similar findings.

Researchers found a reduction of psychiatric cases on people living near green or coastal areas. Some of the studies found that ocean exposure or running along river helped war veterans suffering from PTSD. Others found that practising water-related activities such as surfing can help coping with mental health issues and help develop self-confidence and self-reliance skills.

Exposure to blue spaces is also linked to increased happiness. A group of researchers studying the effect of green and blue spaces on happiness used a mobile app to track feelings of people when they were near water landscapes. The researchers found that people were happier near water bodies. Consistently with the findings focusing on physical health, the positive effects on mood associated to blue spaces seem to diminish as the distance between the residence and the water increases.

It was shown that pratising a common activity in blue spaces, for example sailing, had a positive effect on people doing drug and alcohol rehabilitation.

A group of researches has developed a set of tools, to be able to measure the quality and potential health benefits of these blue spaces. The BlueHealth Environmental Assessment Tool (BEAT) - enables comparable assessment of environmental aspects and attributes that influence access to, use of and health-promoting activities in blue spaces. The tool has been developed to be used by communities and urban/landscape designers.


Qualcomm

Qualcomm is a wireless communications and SoC research and development company located in San Diego, California, USA. The company produces semiconductors, software, etc. It is best known for working in 5G, 4G, CDMA2000, and WCDMA standards.

The company was founded in 1985 by Irwin Jacobs, Franklin Antonio and four other co-founders.

In 1999, the base station production was sold to Ericsson.

In 2000, the company acquired SnapTrack, a developer of A-GPS systems for mobile phones under the gpsOne brand.

In 2000, the production of cell phones was sold to the Japanese company Kyocera. The company focused on the development and licensing of wireless technologies, as well as the production of ASICs that implement these technologies.

Upper class district

A upper class district is the area of a city or town where the most affluent people live. Real estate in this type of urban area are typically high-cost or highly valued. 

In countries with unequal income distribution or developing ones, these can often contrast with the poorest parts of the region where they are located.


Pater familias

The pater familias (sometimes written together paterfamilias) was the head of the Ancient Roman household. Very often it was the oldest man in the familiy. His family consisted of his wife, his children, his slaves, and other relatives. His duty was to represent the family to the outside, towards the state, but also towards the gods. If his sons married, their wives and children were also subject to the pater familias. He had supreme power, called patria potestas. This also meant that he was a judge in family matters. As such, he has the right to decide over life and death of the family members (called i"us vitae necisque" "-" the right [to decide] over life and death")"

When the Pater famliias died, his children would become free from his power. His sons would usually rise to the position of pater familas of their famillies.

Only Roman citizens could become pater familias

Twelve Tables

The Law of the Twelve tables ( or "Duodecimo Tabulae") was the legislation that stood at the foundation of Roman law. Formally promulgated in 449 BC, the Tables were mostly a summary earlier traditions written down as a set of laws.

Displayed in the Forum, "The Twelve Tables" stated the rights and duties of the Roman citizen. Their formulation was the result of considerable agitation by the plebeian class, who had until then been excluded from the higher benefits of the Republic. Before that, the law had not been written down. Higher-class priests, the pontifices, intepreted it. Cicero (106–43 BC) stated that the "Twelve Tables...seems to me, assuredly to [be better than] the libraries of all the philosophers, both in weight of authority, and in [usefulness]". Cicero hardly exaggerated; the Twelve Tables formed the basis of Roman law for a thousand years.
The Twelve Tables are rather comprehensive, they have been described as a 'code'. Modern scholars consider this characterization exaggerated. The Tables were a sequence of definitions of various private rights and procedures. They generally took for granted such things as the institutions of the family and various rituals for formal transactions. The provisions were often highly specific and diverse.

The Twelve Tables are often cited as the foundation for ancient Roman law. The Twelve Tables provided an early understanding of some key concepts such as justice, equality, and punishment. Although legal reform occurred soon after the implementation of the Twelve Tables, these ancient laws provided social protection and civil rights for both the patricians and plebeians. At this time, there was extreme tension between the privileged class and the common people. This meant that some form of social order was needed. While the existing laws had major flaws that were in need of reform, the Twelve Tables eased the civil tension and violence between the plebeians and patricians.

The Twelve Tables also heavily influenced and are referenced in later Roman Laws texts, especially The Digest of Justinian I. Such laws from The Digest that are derived from the Twelve Tables are the legal recompense for damage caused by an animal, protocol for inheritances, and also laws about structural property damage.

The influence of the Twelve Tables can still be seen today. The Twelve Tables play a significant role in the basis of the early American legal system. Political theorists, such as James Madison have highlighted the importance of the Twelve Tables in crafting the United States Bill of Rights. The idea of property was also perpetuated in the Twelve Tables, including the different forms of money, land, and slaves. Another example: the Twelve Tables are tied into the notion of Jus Commune, which translates as "common law", but is commonly referred to as "civil law" in English-speaking countries. Some countries including South Africa and San Marino still base their current legal system on aspects of jus commune. In addition, law school students throughout the world are still required to study the Twelve Tables as well as other facets of Roman Law in order to better understand the current legal system in place.

The Twelve Tables no longer exist: although they remained an important source through the Republic, they became obsolete, and were only of historical interest. The original tablets may have been destroyed when the Gauls under Brennus burned Rome in 387 BC. Cicero claimed that he learned them by heart as a boy in school, but that no one did so any longer. What we have of them today are brief excerpts and quotations from these laws in other authors, often in clearly updated language. They are written in an archaic, laconic Latin (described as Saturnian verse). As such, though it cannot be determined whether the quoted fragments accurately preserve the original form, what is present gives some insight into the grammar of early Latin. Some claim that the text was written as such so plebeians could more easily memorize the laws, as literacy was not common during early Rome. Roman Republican scholars wrote commentaries upon the Twelve Tables, such as L. Aelius Stilo, teacher of both Varro and Cicero.

Like most other early codes of law, they were about the procedure: They specified in detail, how something needed to be done. They also gave the same detail, about what the punishment was if the procedure wasn't followed. In most of the surviving quotations from these texts, the original table that held them is not given. Scholars have guessed at where surviving fragments belong by comparing them with the few known attributions and records, many of which do not include the original lines, but paraphrases. It cannot be known with any certainty from what survives that the originals ever were organized this way, or even if they ever were organized by subject at all.



The Truth About Women

The Truth About Women is a 1957 British comedy movie directed by Muriel Box and starring Laurence Harvey, Julie Harris, Diane Cilento, Mai Zetterling, Eva Gabor, Derek Farr, Michael Denison, Roland Culver, Robert Rietti.

Hemp milk

Hemp milk is a type of plant milk. It is made by soaking hemp seeds in water and then blending it with the water and optional flavours. It is thought to be more similar to cow milk than other plant milks. It only lasts a few days compared to other milks.

Amateur astronomy

Amateur astronomy is a hobby where people look at or photograph objects in the sky using their eyes, binoculars, or telescopes.

They can look at the sky at nighttime and at daytime. Amateurs can join as members of amateur astronomical societies. These societies advise, educate and guide their members. They promote the science of astronomy among the general public.

Lee Pace

Lee Grinner Pace (born March 25, 1979) is an American actor. He was born in Chickasha, Oklahoma and grew up in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and United Arab Emirates for his father's oil business. After returning to the United States, he lived in Texas and now lives in Los Angeles.

2021 Haiti earthquake

At 08:29:09 EDT on 14 August 2021, a magnitude 7.2 earthquake hit the Tiburon Peninsula in Haiti on the island of Hispaniola. 

It had a -deep hypocenter near Petit-Trou-de-Nippes. It happened about west of the capital, Port-au-Prince. It caused tsunami warnings for the Haitian coast. Over 300 people died and at least 1,800 people were injured. It is the deadliest earthquake of 2021.

Prime Minister Ariel Henry declared a state of emergency because of the large number of deaths and the severe damage.


Arrecife

Arrecife (; ; ) is a city and municipality in the Canary Islands (Spain) in the center-east of the island of Lanzarote. It has been the capital of Lanzarote since 1852.

Gianfranco D'Angelo

Gianfranco D'Angelo (19 August 1936 – 15 August 2021) was an Italian actor and comedian. His best known movie roles were in "La liceale" and in "La compagna di banco". As a comedian, he appeared in "Drive In".

D'Angelo died on 15 August 2021 in Rome, four days before his 85th birthday.

Francis Mossman

Francis Anthony Mossman (14 April 1988 – 14 August 2021) was a New Zealand-born Australian actor and model. He was best known for his roles as Stevie Hughes in "The Horizon" and Vitus in "". He was born in Auckland, New Zealand. His career began in 2007.

Mossman died on 14 August 2021 in Sydney, Australia at the age of 33.

Liam McIntyre

Liam James McIntyre (born 8 February 1982) is an Australian actor. He is best known for playing the lead role on the Starz television series "". He also voices Captain Boomerang in the DC Animated Movie Universe.

Piera Degli Esposti

Piera Degli Esposti (12 March 1938 – 14 August 2021) was an Italian actress. She appeared in more than 70 movies and shows from 1966 to 2020. In 2009, she won the David di Donatello for her role of Mrs. Enea in "Il Divo". Degli Esposti was born in Bologna, Italy.

Degli Esposti died on 14 August 2021 at a hospital in Rome, Italy from respiratory failure, aged 83.

Fez Whatley

Todd Hillier (March 31, 1964 – August 13, 2021), better known by his on-air name Fez Marie Whatley, was an American comedian and radio producer and personality. He was known as the co-host of "The Ron and Fez Show" with Ron Bennington from 1998 to 2015. Whatley was born in Florida. Whatley, who was openly gay, was known for playing gay characters on the radio show.

Whatley, who had a history of heart attacks, died on August 13, 2021 of heart failure, aged 57.

Peter Whittle (mathematician)

Peter Whittle (27 February 1927 – 10 August 2021) was a New Zealand mathematician and statistician. He was known for working on stochastic nets, optimal control, time series analysis, stochastic optimisation and stochastic dynamics. 

From 1967 to 1994, he was the Churchill Professor of Mathematics for operational research at the University of Cambridge. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand.

Whittle died on 10 August 2021, aged 94.

Johnny Groth

John Thomas Groth (July 23, 1926August 7, 2021) was an American professional baseball outfielder and scout. He played for the Detroit Tigers, St. Louis Browns, Chicago White Sox, Washington Senators, and Kansas City Athletics. His career lasted from 1946 to 1960. Groth was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Groth died on August 7, 2021 at his home in Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 95.

Spring Hill, Florida

Spring Hill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hernando County, Florida, United States. The population was 113,568 at the 2020 census.

Jørgen Langhelle

Jørgen Langhelle (18 August 1965 – 3 August 2021) was a Norwegian actor. He was born in Sandnes, Norway. He was known for his roles in "Kristin Lavransdatter" (1995), "Elling" (2001), "I Am Dina" (2002), "Tyven, tyven" (2002) and "The Thing" (2011).

Langhelle died on 3 August 2021 of cardiac arrest in Nesodden, Norway at the age of 55.

Nesodden

Nesodden is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway.


Sandnes

Sandnes () is a city and a municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.



Humaid bin Rashid Al Nuaimi III

Sheikh Humaid bin Rashid Al Nuaimi III (; born 1931) is the ruler of the emirate of Ajman and a member of the UAE Supreme Council of the Union. He is the 10th ruler of Ajman. He became rule when his father Sheikh Rashid bin Humaid Al Nuaimi III died on September 6, 1981.

Rubén Darío Paredes

Rubén Darío Paredes del Río (born 11 August 1933) is a Panamanian army officer and the military ruler of Panama from 1982 to 1983.

Anatoly Malofeyev

Anatoly Alexandrovich Malofeyev (, ; 14 May 1933 – 19 January 2022) was the first secretary of the communist party of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. 

In March 1985, Malofeyev became the Minsk regional Communist Party leader. He was First Secretary of the Byelorussian Communist Party from November 1990 to April 1993.

Malofeyev died on 19 January 2022, aged 88.

House of Representatives (Belarus)

The House of Representatives of the National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus (; ) is the lower house of the parliament of Belarus. It was created after the Constitution of Belarus was made in 1996, replacing the Supreme Council of Belarus.

Council of the Republic (Belarus)

The Council of the Republic of the National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus (; ) is the upper house of the parliament of Belarus.

The Council is made up of 64 members. It was created in 1996, replacing the Supreme Council of Belarus.

2 Sins

2 Sins is an American hip hop duo from Detroit, Michigan. They are known for their violent lyrics and most significant for their best-selling 1994 release, "Look What Hell Created".

Members Low Life and Lethal were born and raised in Detroit, Michigan. They began making music together in early 1993. Their first album, entitled "Look What Hell Created", was released in the summer of 1994. They would go on to record and produce over sixteen albums and EPs.

Sandie Shaw

Sandie Shaw (born Sandra Ann Goodrich on 26 February 1947 in Dagenham, London, England) is an English pop singer-songwriter. Shaw had three #1 singles on the United Kingdom Singles Chart during the 1960s. She won the Eurovision Song Contest representing the UK in 1967.

Her hit songs included "(There's) Always Something There to Remind Me" (her cover of the Lou Johnson song in 1964), "Long Live Love" (a 1965 song) and 1967's "Puppet on a String". 

In 1965, she covered Petula Clark's award winning chart topping soul hit "Downtown". The song was on Shaw's first studio album "Sandie".

Shaw retired from her singing career after 1972. She In 1983, she resumed her singing. In the 1980s Shaw covered two songs from the English rock band The Smiths. They were "I Don't Owe You Anything" and "Hand in Glove".

Shaw preferred to almost always perform on the concert stages while barefoot. That was the reason for which she was named the "Barefoot Pop Princess".

Shaw retired from the singing business in 2013.

Hutchins' tree frog

Hutchins' tree frog ("Boana hutchinsi") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Peru, and Brazil.

Deno (software)

Deno is a JavaScript and TypeScript runtime. It uses the V8 JavaScript engine and Rust.

Deno was announced in 2018 by Ryan Dahl, the creator of Node.js in his talk, "10 Things I Regret About Node.js".

Deno 1.0 was released on May 13, 2020.

TypeScript

TypeScript is a programming language from Microsoft. It is a type of JavaScript that adds static typing. It became public in October 2012 when Microsoft worked on it for two years.

TypeScript can be compiled to most versions of ECMAScript (JavaScript).

Biscuit (bread)

In North America, biscuits are small breads. Like other quick breads, they are made with chemical leveaners like baking powder. It is similar to a scone, but it is not eaten with some sweet sides like honey or jam. 

Biscuits also contain a lot of vitamins such as, calcium, iron, thiamine, riboflavin, and much more that helps to meet daily vitamins that we need. 

Lingua Franca Nova

Lingua Franca Nova, is an auxiliary language originally built by C. George Boeree of Shippensburg University, Pennsylvania, and developed by many of its users. Its vocabulary is based on the Romance languages: French, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, and Catalan.

Boeree started to create Lingua Franca Nova in 1965,His goal was creating an international auxiliary language simple and easy to learn for international communication. He was inspired by two languages:
He took the language vocabulary from French, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, and Catalan.

Lingua Franca Nova first appeared on the internet in 1998. A Yahoo! Group was formed in 2002 by Bjorn Madsen, and reached about 300 members who contributed to the evolution of the language.

In 2005 Stefan Fisahn created a wiki for the language. The wiki moved to Wikia in 2009, then was hosted directly on the official website in 2019.

In 2007, Igor Vasiljevic created a Facebook group, which now has over 600 members.

In 2012 a novel fully translated into Lingua Franca Nova was first published in printed form: "La aventuras de Alisia en la pais de mervelias". It is Simon Davies's translation of Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".

In 2014 a new official website was created on the "elefen.org" domain. It offers different materials in several languages to learn the language. It also has a wiki and the official dictionary. Some books in Lingua Franca Nova are also available on the official website for reading.

On April 18, 2018, , called "Vicipedia", was officially launched.

On May 15, 2020 on the Web and on May 10, 2021 in printed form the first original novel written in Lingua Franca Nova was published: "La xerca per Pahoa", by Vicente Costalago. He published the second original novel in the language, "La marcia nonconoseda", in February 2022.

On January 5, 2021, the language's creator, C. George Boeree, died of pancreatic cancer aged 68.

LFN is an SVO (subject-verb-object) language. Modifiers generally follow what they modify, as do prepositional phrases and subordinate clauses.

Other than the plural in -s or -es, nouns don't change. A noun's role in a sentence is determined by word order and prepositions. There are 22 prepositions.

Nouns are usually preceded by articles (la or un) or other determiners such as esta (this, these), acel (that, those), alga (some), cada (every, each), multe (many, much), and poca (few, little). Possessive determiners, cardinal numerals, and the adjectives bon and mal (good and bad) also precede the noun; ordinal numerals follow the noun. A variety of pronouns are identical to or derived from determiners.

The personal pronouns don't change:
El is used for people and higher animals; Lo is used for all else. On is used in the same way as in French or "one" in English (in the way that one would be using it if one said this sentence).

Verbs are don't change. The verb alone represents the present tense and the infinitive. Other tenses and moods are indicated by preceding particles:
Adverbs such as ja (already) and auxiliary verbs such as comensa (begin to) are used to add precision. The active participle ends in -nte and the passive participle in -da. They can be used with es (to be) to form a progressive aspect and a passive voice, respectively.

Adjectives are don't change, and adverbs are not distinguished from adjectives. Adjectives follow nouns and adverbs follow verbs but precede adjectives. The comparative is formed with plu or min, the superlative with la plu or la min.

Questions are formed by adding esce at the beginning of the sentence with or by using one of several "question words", such as cual (what, which), ci (who), do (where), cuando (when), and perce (why). These same words are also used to introduce subordinate clauses, as are words such as si (if), ce (that), car (because), and afin (so that).

Prepositions include a (at, to), de (of, from), ante (before, in front of), pos (after, behind), etc.

Conjunctions include e (and), o (or), and ma (but).

The main literary works translated into Lingua Franca Nova, are:

The first original novel published in Lingua Franca Nova was "La xerca per Pahoa" ["the search for Pahoa"], written by Vicente Costalago; Publishing started in 2020 (internet) and 2021 (book). The second original book published was "La marcia nonconoseda", also by the same author.

Ja-Ela

Ja-Ela (, ) is a city in Sri Lanka . It is a suburb of Colombo. The city is about north of the Colombo city centre. Ja-Ela is on the A3 road which overlaps with the Colombo – Katunayake Expressway at the Ja-Ela Interchange.

Bus toilet

A bus toilet is a toilet onboard a bus that is usually a type of a vaccum toilet. It is most commonly found on intercity buses/coaches suitable for mid- or long-distance travel.

Many think that the toilet onboard a bus is only for peeing, but it can also be used for defecating. Due to the toilet's small opening, feces might not go down through the small hole on the toilet.
A bus toilet works differently than a home toilet does. A bus toilet does not use water, and it is not hooked up to a sewer. On a bus, urine and feces are held in a holding tank. Bus toilets use a blue formaldehyde product to mask the odor of urine and feces.

There are two main types of bus toilets. One type has flap in the toilet that closes to hide the view of the holding tank. The other type does not have the flap, which leaves the holding tank in view.


Wasco, California

Wasco is a city in Kern County, California. It had a population of 27,047 in 2020.

Bear Valley Springs, California

Bear Valley Springs is a census-designated place in Kern County, California. It had a population of 5,592 in 2020.

Kidderminster Harriers F.C.

Kidderminster Harriers are an English football club based on Kidderminster, England. They currently play in the National League North, the sixth tier of English football.

Gary Medel

Gary Alexis Medel Soto (; born 3 August 1987) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays for Campeonato Brasileiro Série A club Vasco da Gama and the Chile national team as a centre-back and a defensive midfielder.

"Scores and results list Chile's goal tally first."

Chile


Sunil Chhetri

Sunil Chhetri is an Indian professional footballer. He is known for his link-up play, goal scoring abilities, and leadership. He is the third-highest international goalscorer among active players, He currently plays for Bengaluru FC.

Blackland, Texas

Blackland is a city in Rockwall County, Texas, United States.

Galena Park, Texas

Galena Park is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Hilshire Village, Texas

Hilshire Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Hunters Creek Village, Texas

Hunters Creek Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Jacinto City, Texas

Jacinto City is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Jersey Village, Texas

Jersey Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

La Porte, Texas

La Porte is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Nassau Bay, Texas

Nassau Bay is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Piney Point Village, Texas

Piney Point Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Piney Point Village has a total area of 2.13 square miles.

South Houston, Texas

South Houston is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Fall of Kabul (2021)

On 15 August 2021, the Taliban took over the city of Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan. This means that they won the war against the Afghan government. This happened because of a a military offensive that began in May 2021, which was the latest stage of their insurgency against the Afghan government.
The capture took place hours after President Ashraf Ghani escaped from the country. U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to remove troops from Afghanistan, followed by his replacement Joe Biden continuing to do so, made it easier for the Taliban to take power. 
In the days before and after Kabul's fall, thousands of civilians left the country and thousands of others have failed in their attempts to do so. Many Afghan women are scared because they don't know how the Taliban will treat women in Afghanistan.

On 30 August 2021, evacuations from Afghanistan ended, allowing Taliban to take full control of the country and ending the War in Afghanistan.

Southside Place, Texas

Southside Place is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Spring Valley Village, Texas

Spring Valley Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Liberty Stadium

Liberty Stadium is the official stadium of Swansea City.

Adam Johnson

Adam Johnson (born 14 July 1987) is an English professional footballer who played as a winger.

In March 2015, Johnson was arrested and charged over sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl, with England's age of consent being 16. Johnson continued to play for Sunderland during his bail. The following February, he pleaded guilty to two charges against him, the other being one of child grooming, and was subsequently sacked by Sunderland. In March 2016, Johnson was found guilty of sexual activity with a child and sentenced to six years in prison. He was released in 2019 after serving half his sentence.

Manchester City

Sunderland

Individual

2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL)

The 2010 World cup qualification was the CONMEBOL qualification for the 2010 World cup. Ten teams were involved including teams such as Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Colombia, and Chile.

St. Kitts

St. Kitts is one of the two islands that make up St. Kitts and Nevis. It is also known as "Saint Christopher Island". St. Kitts has an area of about 168 km, with a diameter of 8 km across.

Simon Kjær

Simon Thorup Kjær (born 26 March 1989 in Horsens, Denmark) is a Danish footballer who plays for Italian club AC Milan. He captains the Denmark national football team. In a game in 2021, he saved teammate Christian Eriksen's life by giving him CPR after he suffered a cardiac arrest.

Choirul Huda

Choirul Huda (2 June 1979 – 15 October 2017) was an Indonesian professional footballer and civil servant. He was a goalkeeper.

Huda died when he bumped into one of his teammates, Ramon Mesquita, which caused him to hurt his chest and jaw, and led to him suffering from a lack of oxygen.

Persela Lamongan

Persela Lamongan are an Indonesian football team who play in Liga 1, the top division of Indonesian football.

Kamil Grabara

Kamil Grabara (born 8 January 1999) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He plays for Danish club FC Copenhagen.

Estadio Nacional de Lima

Estadio Nacional de Lima is a football stadium in Peru. They play host to the Peru national football team.

Casemiro

Carlos Henrique Casimiro (born 23 February 1992), commonly known as Casemiro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for English club Manchester United. He also plays for the Brazil national football team.

São Paulo

Real Madrid

Manchester United

Brazil U17

Brazil U20

Brazil

Individual


Robin Koch

Robin Koch (born 17 July 1996) is a professional footballer who plays for Leeds United. He is from Germany and plays for the national team.

Ambassador of the United Kingdom to the Netherlands

The British Ambassador to the Netherlands is the United Kingdom's top foreign affairs representative to the Netherlands. They are in-charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in the Netherlands. 

Since the start of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) in 1997, the British ambassador is also in-charge of the OPC3 which is located in The Hague, the British Ambassador to the Netherlands has also been the UK's Permanent Representative to the OPCW, assisted by a Chemical Weapons team at the Embassy.

The UK also has a consulate general in Amsterdam.

2019 English Channel Piper PA-46 crash

The 2019 Piper PA-46 Malibu crash was a crash that killed footballer Emilliano Sala and pilot David Ibbotson.

Fatal insomnia

Fatal familial insomnia is a prion disease. It is 100% fatal. Victims will not sleep for months on end before eventual death.

Asphalt (1929 movie)

Asphalt is a 1929 German silent drama movie directed by Joe May and starring Albert Steinrück, Else Heller, Gustav Fröhlich, Betty Amann, Rosa Valetti, Kurt Vespermann.

This Is My Country (movie)

This Is My Country () is a 1984 Filipino French drama movie directed by Lino Brocka and starring Phillip Salvador, Gina Alajar, Carmi Martin, Claudia Zobel, Raoul Aragon, Paquito Diaz, Rez Cortez, and Lucita Soriano.

Fucking

Fucking may be:

Aladdin and Jasmine

Aladdin and Jasmine (also known as Jasmine and Aladdin) is a two characters from "Aladdin" for Walt Disney Feature Animation by Disney in 1992. Aladdin and Jasmine voices of Scott Weinger and Linda Larkin, and singing voices of Brad Kane and Lea Salonga.

Sambuca di Sicilia

Sambuca di Sicilia (Sicilian: Sammuca) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily.


Hibatullah Akhundzada

Hibatullah Akhundzada (; also spelled Haibatullah Akhunzada; born 19 October 1967) is an Afghan Islamic scholar, cleric, and jurist who is the 2nd and the current Supreme Leader of Afghanistan since 2021 and the third leader of the Taliban since 2016 where a drone strike killed his predecessor, Akhtar Mansour.

Since the Fall of Kabul in August 2021, Akhundzada became Afghanistan's Supreme Leader with absolute powers over the country.
In 2020, he sended Abdul Ghani Baradar to Doha to hold peace talks with the U.S. by meeting the then-U.S. Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo where they signed the US–Taliban Deal which made the U.S agree to Withdraw its Troops from Afghanistan. 

Akhundzada also held a phone conversation with then-U.S. President, Donald Trump the same year where they agreed to have diplomatic relationships with the two countries if Trump won the election even though it never happened as Trump lost the election.

In 2022, Akhundzada has called the world to recognize the Taliban government in Afghanistan and not the government of Ashraf Ghani. Many countries had agreed to recodnize the Taliban government with most of the Middle East and the Arab Countries and as well as Pakistan, China, and Russia who all not only recognize the Taliban government, but also engaged diplomatically with the Taliban. The U.S and many other Western countries are also expected to engage with the Taliban soon even though they have already recognize the Taliban government.

20th Century Animation

20th Century Animation, Inc. (originally Fox Family Films, and 20th Century Fox Animation, or simply Fox Animation) is an animation production studio, organized as a division of Walt Disney Studios.

20th Century Animation was established in 1994 as 20th Century Fox Animation, the animation division of 20th Century Fox (Now Known as 20th Century Studios).

In 2020, 20th Century Fox Animation was renamed to 20th Century Animation.

Note: All movies distributed by 20th Century Studios (formally known as 20th Century Fox)

Mathematical Applications Group

Mathematical Applications Group, Inc. (a.k.a. MAGI or MAGI/SynthaVision) was an early computer technology company founded in 1966 by Dr. Philip Mittelman and located in Elmsford, New York, where it was evaluating nuclear radiation exposure. 
By modeling structures using combinatorial geometry and applying monte carlo radiation ray tracing techniques the mathematicians could estimate exposures at various distances and relative locations in and around fictional structures. In 1972, the graphics group called MAGI/SynthaVision was formed at MAGI by Robert Goldstein.
It was one of four companies hired to create the CGI animation for the movie Tron. MAGI was responsible for most of the CGI animation in the first half of Tron, while Triple-I worked mainly on the second half of the movie. MAGI modeled and animated the light cycles, recognizers and tanks.

Clyde Evans

Clyde Evans (June 26, 1938 – August 11, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2003 to 2010. He ran for the Ohio Senate, but lost the primary election. Evans was a member of the Republican Party. He was born in Rio Grande, Ohio.

Evans died on August 11, 2021, in Gallipolis, Ohio at age 83.


Rio Grande, Ohio

Rio Grande ( ) is a village in Gallia County, Ohio, United States. The population was 724 at the 2020 census.

Benoît Genecand

Benoît Genecand (28 January 1964 – 11 August 2021) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of FDP.The Liberals (PLR). He was on the National Council of Switzerland from 2015 to 2019 and the Grand Council of Geneva from 2013 to 2015. Genecand was born in Geneva.

Genecand was diagnosed with stage-4 cancer in June 2019. He died of the disease on 11 August 2021 at the age of 57.

Miroslav Tetter

Miroslav Tetter (3 April 1938 – 11 August 2021) was a Czech politician and academic. He was a representative of the South Bohemian Region from 2000 to 2008 and Mayor of České Budějovice from 1998 to 2006 and again in 2010. He was born in Vsetín, Czechoslovakia.

Tetter died on 11 August 2021 in České Budějovice at the age of 83.

Georg Gallus

Georg Gallus (6 July 1927 – 13 August 2021) was a German politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP). He was member of the German Bundestag from 1970 until 1994. Gallus was born in Hattenhofen, present-day Baden-Württemberg.

Gallus died on 13 August 2021 in Hattenhofen at the age of 94.

 

Karl-Heinz Funke

Karl-Heinz Funke (born 29 April 1946) is a German politician. From 1998 to 2001, he was the Minister of Food and Agriculture of Germany in the First Schröder cabinet.

Jacques Fournier

Jacques Fournier (5 May 1929 – 14 August 2021) was a French Socialist Party politician and businessman. He was born in Épinal, France. He was the Secrétaire général du Gouvernement from 1982 until 1986. He was also president of Gaz de France from 1986 until 1988. Fournier was also president of SNCF from 1988 until 1993.

Fournier died on 14 August 2021, aged 92.

Algirdas Pocius

Algirdas Pocius (28 August 1930 – 14 August 2021) was a Lithuanian politician and writer. He was born in Mažeikiai District Municipality, then-Soviet Union. Pocius was a member of the CPSU and LDDP. From 1992 until 1996, he was a member of the Seimas.

Pocius died on 14 August 2021 at the age of 90.

Mickey Stephens

Edward V. "Mickey" Stephens (April 4, 1944 – August 14, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 2009 until his death. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was also a member of the State House from 2002 to 2004. Stephens was born in Savannah, Georgia.

Stephens died on August 14, 2021 in Savannah at the age of 77.

Giuseppe Montalbano

Giuseppe Montalbano (7 June 1925 – 15 August 2021) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party (PCI). He was Mayor of Sambuca di Sicilia from 1964 to 1980 and was a Senator from 1979 to 1987. Montalbano was born in Sciacca, Italy.

Montalbano died on 15 August 2021 in Palermo, Italy at the age of 96.

Sciacca

Sciacca (; ; , Thermae Selinuntiae, Thermae, Aquae Labrodes and Aquae Labodes), is a town and "comune" in the province of Agrigento on the southwestern coast of Sicily, southern Italy.


Joe Walton

Joseph Frank "Tiger" Walton (December 15, 1935 – August 15, 2021) was an American football player and coach. He was born in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He played for the Washington Redskins from 1957 until 1960 and for the New York Giants from 1961 until 1964. Walton coached the New York Jets from 1983 until 1989.

Walton died on August 15, 2021 at the age of 85.

R. Murray Schafer

Raymond Murray Schafer (18 July 1933 – 14 August 2021) was a Canadian composer, writer, music educator, and environmentalist. He was best known for his "World Soundscape Project". He also wrote "The Tuning of the World" (1977). He was known for being the first recipient of the Jules Léger Prize in 1978. Schafer was born in Sarnia, Ontario.

In 2013, he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada "for his contributions as an internationally renowned composer of contemporary music, and for his groundbreaking work in acoustic ecology".

Schafer died on 14 August 2021 of problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 88.

The Warrens of Virginia (1924 movie)

The Warrens of Virginia is a 1924 American Civil War drama movie directed by Elmer Clifton and is the second version of the 1907 play of the same name by William C. de Mille. It stars George Backus, Martha Mansfield, Robert Andrews, Wilfred Lytell, Harlan Knight and was distributed by 20th Century Fox and is a lost movie.


Carmen Morales

Carmen Morales (10 October 1939 – 13 August 2021) was an Argentine comedic actress. She was born in Buenos Aires. Her career began in 1960. She was known for playing Carmen in the 1973 comedy "Los caballeros de la cama redonda". Morales was married to entertainer Gerardo Sofovich. She also appeared on the weekly sketch series "La noche del domingo". 

Morales died on 13 August 2021 in Buenos Aires from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 81.

Hipólito Reyes Larios

Hipólito Reyes Larios (13 August 1946 – 8 August 2021) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Veracruz, Mexico. He was made a priest in 1973. Reyes Larios was Bishop of Orizaba from 2000 until 2007 and Archbishop of Xalapa from 2007 until his death.

Reyes Larios died on 8 August 2021 in Xalapa, Mexico from a gastrointestinal hemorrhage, five days before his 75th birthday.

Mutale Nalumango

Mutale Nalumango (born 1 January 1955) is a Zambian teacher and politician. She is the Vice President of Zambia since 2021. She ran as the running mate of Hakainde Hichilema in 2021.

Movement for Multi-Party Democracy

The Movement for Multi-party Democracy (MMD) also known as New Hope MMD is a political party in Zambia. MMD controlled a majority in parliament between 1991 and 2001, when its past leader, Frederick Chiluba was President of Zambia. Its election into power in 1991 ended the 27-year rule of President Kenneth Kaunda and his United National Independence Party (UNIP).

2021 Zambian general election

General elections were held in Zambia on 12 August 2021 to elect the President and National Assembly. President-elect Hakainde Hichilema was declared the winner when releasing the final results from 156 constituencies, defeating current President Edgar Lungu.

Hichilema won 2,810,757 votes while Lungu was in second place with 1,814,201 votes, out of 7 million registered voters.

Lungu has refused to accept losing the election by calling the election a fraud.


National Assembly of Zambia

The National Assembly is Zambia's unicameral legislative body. Between 1972 and 1990, Zambia was a one-party state with the United National Independence Party (UNIP) as the sole legal party.

The Speaker, first deputy speaker and the Vice President are also given a seat in the assembly.

Forum for Democracy and Development

The Forum for Democracy and Development (FDD) is a political party in Zambia.

The FDD was founded in 2001 by former members of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD) not happy with Frederick Chiluba's works to change the constitution to allow him to fun for a third term. 

Speaker of the National Assembly of Zambia

The Speaker of the National Assembly of Zambia is a position created under Article 69(1) of the constitution. The Speaker is elected by members of the Assembly from anyone allowed to be elected to the National Assembly, but cannot be a current member.


Patrick Matibini

Patrick Matibini (born 20 July 1959) is a Zambian politician, lawyer and former judge. He has been Speaker of the National Assembly since 6 October 2011. Matibini was re-elected on 23 September 2016.

Amusaa Mwanamwambwa

Amusaa Katunda Mwanamwambwa (born 15 May 1940) is a Zambian former politician. He was a member of the National Assembly for Liuwa between 1991 and 1998. In 1998 he became Speaker of the National Assembly. He left office in 2011. Mwanamwambwa was a member of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy.

Fine-lined tree frog

The fine-lined tree frog ("Boana leptolineata") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Chomikuj.pl

chomikuj.pl, or Chomik, Polish for hamster, is a Polish-language file hosting service founded in 2006. As of February 2013 it was the 15th most popular website in Poland.

Any type of file can be published on the web site. Unregistered users can instantly retrieve files sizes of 1 MB. After registration, a user is not subject to any limit when downloading a single file, but is limited to 50 MB transfer a day. Transfer limit can be increased by paying for additional bandwidth.

In 2015 it was successfully sued for copyright infringement, although it immediately appealed to the court.

Abdelhamid Brahimi

Abdelhamid Brahimi () (April 2, 1936 – August 15, 2021) was an Algerian politician. He was Prime Minister of Algeria under Chadli Bendjedid from January 22, 1984, until November 5, 1988. Brahimi was born in Constantine, Algeria.

Brahimi died on August 15, 2021 in Algiers, Algeria at the age of 85.

Aymen Benabderrahmane

Aymen Benabderrahmane (; born 30 August 1966) is an Algerian politician who is serving as Prime Minister of Algeria from 30 June 2021 until 11 November 2023 and Minister of Finance from 23 June 2020 until 17 February 2022.

List of heads of state of Algeria

This is a list of heads of state of Algeria.





Houari Boumédiène

Houari Boumédiène ( ; ALA-LC: "Hawwārī Būmadyan"; born Mohammed Ben Brahim Boukherouba; 23 August 1932 – 27 December 1978) was Chairman of the Revolutionary Council of Algeria from 19 June 1965 until 12 December 1976. He was the second President of Algeria until his death in 1978.


Ali Kafi

Ali Kafi (; ALA-LC: "ʿAlī Kāfī"; 7 October 1928 – 16 April 2013) was an Algerian politician who was Chairman of the High Council of State and acting President from 1992 to 1994.

Kafi died at the age of 84 on 16 April 2013 in Geneva, Switzerland.

Mohamed Boudiaf

Mohamed Boudiaf (23 June 1919 – 29 June 1992, ; ALA-LC: "Muḥammad Bū-Ḍiyāf"), also called Si Tayeb el Watani, was an Algerian political leader and one of the founders of the revolutionary National Liberation Front (FLN). He was Chairman of the High Council of State, and was assassinated four months later.

Rabah Bitat

Rabah Bitat (; ALA-LC: "Rābaḥ Bīṭāṭ"; 19 December 1925 – 10 April 2000) was an Algerian politician. He was the interim President of Algeria from 1978 until 1979.

Chadli Bendjedid

Chadli Bendjedid (; ALA-LC: "ash-Shādhilī bin Jadīd"; 14 April 1929 – 6 October 2012) was the third President of Algeria from 9 February 1979 to 11 January 1992.

Bendjedid was hospitalized in Paris in January 2012 for cancer treatment and returned to hospital again in May and October 2012. He died of cancer on 6 October 2012 in Paris.

Ferhat Abbas

Ferhat Abbas (; ALA-LC: ; 24 August 1899 – 24 December 1985) was an Algerian politician. He was the Prime Minister from 1958 to 1961, as well as the first President of the National Assembly and the first acting Chief of State after independence.

Abderrahmane Farès

Abderrahmane Farès (; ALA-LC: "ʿAbd ar-Raḥman Fāris"; ; January 30, 1911 – May 13, 1991) was the Chairman of the Provisional Executive of Algeria from 13 April 1962 to 20 September 1962.

Benyoucef Benkhedda

Benyoucef Benkhedda (; February 23, 1920 – February 4, 2003) was an Algerian politician. He headed the third GPRA exile government of the National Liberation Front (FLN).

List of heads of government of Algeria

This is a list of heads of government of Algeria.





Mohamed Ben Ahmed Abdelghani

Mohammed ben Ahmed Abdelghani (18 March 1927 – 22 September 1996) () was the prime minister of Algeria under President Chadli Bendjedid from 8 March 1979 until 22 January 1984.

Kasdi Merbah

Kasdi Merbah (, 16 April 1938 – 21 August 1993) was an Algerian politician. He was Head of Government between 5 November 1988 and 9 September 1989. He was a member of the National Liberation Front. He was assassinated on August 21, 1993.

Mouloud Hamrouche

Mouloud Hamrouche () (born 3 January 1943) was the head of government of Algeria from 5 September 1989 to 5 June 1991.

Sid Ahmed Ghozali

Sid Ahmed Ghozali () (born 31 March 1937) is an Algerian politician who was the Prime Minister of Algeria from 1991 to 1992.

He was a member of the National Liberation Front party. He was a supporter President Houari Boumedienne. He was an ambassador to France. In 1988, he was promoted as Minister of Finance until 1989.

Sabri Boukadoum

Sabri Boukadoum (; born 1 September 1958) is an Algerian diplomat. He has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs since 31 March 2019. He was acting Prime Minister of Algeria from 19 to 28 December 2019.

Abdelaziz Belkhadem

Abdelaziz Belkhadem (; ; born 8 November 1945) is an Algerian politician who was Prime Minister of Algeria from 2006 to 2008. He was also Secretary-General of the National Liberation Front (FLN).

Mokdad Sifi

Mokdad Sifi (; born 21 April 1940) is an Algerian politician. Sifi was Head of Government of Algeria from 11 April 1994 to 31 December 1995. In 1999, he unsuccessfully ran for President of Algeria.

Ahmed Benbitour

Ahmed Benbitour (; born June 20, 1946) is an Algerian politician who was Head of Government of Algeria from 1999 to 2000.

Ali Benflis

Ali Benflis (; born 8 September 1944) is an Algerian politician who was Head of Government of Algeria from 2000 to 2004. In 2003, he became the general secretary of the National Liberation Front party. He ran for President of Algeria twice in 2004 and in 2014.

Annamie Paul

Annamie Paul (born November 3, 1972) is a Canadian politician, activist and lawyer. She was the Leader of the Green Party of Canada from October 3, 2020 until November 14, 2021. She was the first Black Canadian and first Jewish woman to be elected leader of a federal party in Canada.

Abdulla Shahid

Abdulla Shahid (ޢަބްދުﷲ ޝާހިދު; born 26 May 1962) is a Maldivian politician. In 2018, he became the Minister of Foreign Affairs. In 2021, he was elected the 76th President of the United Nations General Assembly. From 2008 until 2014, he was the Speaker of the People's Majlis.

UK Holocaust Memorial

The UK Holocaust Memorial is a suggested memorial and learning centre. It is planned to remember the people who died in the Holocaust. This includes Jews, Roma, LGBT, and disabled people.

In July 2021, planning permission was allowed for the Holocaust memorial. The memorial is planned to be in Victoria Tower Gardens. Victoria Tower Gardens is a Royal Park next to the Houses of Parliament. The suggestion for it to be built there is controversial.

Cabinet of Afghanistan

The Cabinet of Afghanistan is the executive power of the government of Afghanistan. It is made of the heads of government ministries.

The Cabinet of prime minister Akhund is in power, as of 2023.

Amrullah Saleh is the leader of the "government in exile"; Afghanistan's embassy in Switzerland said that, and media told about that on September 30.

Ministers of the Islamic Emirate are:

As of [the third quarter of] 2021, the Taliban government does not have "formal recognition by the majority of [countries in the world, or] the international community".

Women can not be a part of the Cabinet, the Taliban said in early September.

Ministers of the Islamic Emirate who have quit or who changed job in the Cabinet of Afghanistan, are:

In August 2021 the Cabinet of Ashraf Ghani lost power over most of the country, and president Ghani escaped from Afghanistan on 15 August 2021.

As of 17 August 2021, Amrullah Saleh has the highest position of elected politicians that had not resigned or escaped from the country.

The Cabinet of Afghanistan was made of the heads of all the government ministries.


The Cabinet of Hamid Karzai, was the cabinet before the Ashraf Ghani cabinet.


Katie Findlay

Katie Findlay (born August 28, 1990) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role as Rosie Larsen in the American crime drama television series "The Killing". From 2014 to 2015, Findlay played Rebecca Sutter in the first season of the ABC series "How to Get Away with Murder".

Findlay was born in Windsor, Ontario. Her career began in 2010.

Vác

Vác is a city in Hungary, in Pest county.

The M2 Motorway goes south towards Dunakeszi. 2 national roads are also connected with Vác:


Another minor road from Vác goes east towards Acsa.

The Cement factory is Vác's most important industry. It's on the property of Duna-Dráva Cement Ltd.. It started its operation in 1963. Thanks to its continuous modernization, the plant is now one of the most modern cement plants in Europe, producing more than 36 million tons of clinker and more than 50 million tons of cement in recent decades.

The most important landmark of Vác is the Vác Cathedral. The Vác Cathedral is the seat church of the Diocese of Vác, one of the largest cathedrals in Hungary. It was built between 1761 and 1777 according to the plans of the Austrian Isidore Canevale. It is located on the northern part of Burgundia.

Other landmarks in the city are the Church of the Holy Cross, the Greek church and the Arc de Triomphe.

Volodymyr Holubnychy

Volodymyr Stepanovych Holubnychy (; 2 June 1936 – 16 August 2021) was a Soviet and Ukrainian race walker. He won four Olympic medals: two gold (1960, 1968), one silver (1972) and one bronze (1964). He was born in Sumy, Ukrainian SSR.

Holubnychy died on 16 August 2021, aged 85.

Paul Mitchell (politician)

Paul Mitchell III (November 14, 1956 – August 15, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. He was a U.S. Representative for from 2017 until 2021. He first ran for congress in 2014, but lost the Republican nomination.

In July 2019, Mitchell announced he would not run for a third term in Congress because he wanted to spend more time with his family.

Mitchell was a member of the Republican Party until he left the party in December 2020 because of President Donald Trump's remarks that the 2020 presidential election was stolen and rigged.

In June 2021, Mitchell announced he had been diagnosed with stage-4 kidney cancer. He died from the disease on August 15, 2021 in Dryden Township, Michigan at the age of 64.

Dryden Township, Michigan

Dryden Township is a civil township in Lapeer County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 4,799 at the 2020 census.

Dryden, Michigan

Dryden is a village in Lapeer County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,023 at the 2020 census. The village is located within Dryden Township.

Thomas Township, Michigan

Thomas Township is a civil township of Saginaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 2020 Census places the population at 11,931.

Dimple Kapadia

Dimple Kapadia (born 8 June 1957) is an Indian actress. Her first successful roles were in "Kaash" (1987), "Drishti" (1990), "Lekin..." (1991), and "Rudaali" (1993). Some of her other well known works later in her career were in "Being Cyrus" (2006), "Luck by Chance" (2009), "Dabangg" (2010), "Cocktail" (2012) and "Finding Fanny" (2014).

Twinkle Khanna

Twinkle Khanna (born Tina Jatin Khanna; born on 29 December 1973) is an Indian author, newspaper columnist, interior designer, producer and actress. Her first book, "MrsFunnybones" came out in 2015. She was India's highest-selling woman writer that year. Her second book, "The Legend of Lakshmi Prasad" was made into a movie called "Pad Man".

Her parents are actors Rajesh Khanna and Dimple Kapadia. In 2001, she married actor Akshay Kumar. They have two children.

Zarifa Ghafari

Zarifa Ghafari (; born in 1992) is an Afghan advocate, activist, politician and entrepreneur.

Zarifa Ghafari was born 1992 in Kabul. She studied at Panjab University, Chandigarh, India.

She is the current mayor of Maidan Shahr, capital city of the Wardak Province, Afghanistan since 2018. Zarifa is one of the few Afghanistani female mayors, and also is the youngest to be appointed at the age of 26.

She was listed in 100 inspiring and influential women from around the world for 2019 by BBC. Zarifa was chosen as an International Woman of Courage in 2020.

She has survived three assassination attempts.

Free Guy

Free Guy is a 2021 American science fiction action comedy movie directed by Shawn Levy. It stars Ryan Reynolds (who also co-produced) as a bank teller named Guy who discovers he is actually a non-player character in an open-world video game. It also stars Taika Waititi, Jodie Comer, Lil Rel Howery, Utkarsh Ambudkar, and Joe Keery also star.

The film features cameo appearances from gamers and streamers Jacksepticeye, Ninja, Pokimane, DanTDM, and LazarBeam.

"Free Guy" was released in the United States on August 13, 2021 to positive reviews. A sequel to the film is also in development.

Christophe Beck

Jean-Christophe Beck (born November 30, 1972) is an Emmy Award-winning Canadian television and film score composer and conductor. 

Beck won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series in 1998, for his work on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

His movie works include "The Hangover", "The Muppets" (2011), "Frozen", Marvel's "Ant-Man" movies, and "Frozen II". 

Beck stated composers like Jerry Goldsmith, Howard Shore, Alan Menken, Buddy Baker, Michael Giacchino, Joel McNeely, J.A.C. Redford, Irwin Kostal, Paul Smith, Frank Churchill, Oliver Wallace, Bruce Broughton, Elmer Bernstein, Henry Mancini, John Barry, Lalo Schifrin, Mark Snow, James Newton Howard, Alexandre Desplat, Maurice Jarre, Hans Zimmer, John Powell, Michael Kamen, Leonard Bernstein, John Williams, Max Steiner, Angelo Badalamenti, George Bruns, Randy Newman, Marco Beltrami and James Horner as influences.

Emma Corrin

Emma-Louise Corrin (born 13 December 1995) is an English actor. They are best known for playing Diana, Princess of Wales, in the fourth season of the Netflix period drama series "The Crown". For their role, they won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award. 

Corrin was born in Royal Tunbridge Wells, England. In July 2021, Corrin came out as queer and in July 2022 added "they/them" pronouns to their Instagram account. They later said they identified as non-binary in an interview with "The New York Times". They played the main character of "" at the West End's Garrick Theatre. Critics liked how she played the role.

Corrin was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress for their 2021 West End debut in "Anna X" at the Harold Pinter Theatre. Corrin starred in the 2022 movies "My Policeman" and "Lady Chatterley's Lover".

Corrin will star in a villainous role in "Deadpool & Wolverine", set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

In 2022, they became "Vogue" magazine's first non-binary cover star.

Trainwreck (movie)

Trainwreck is a 2015 American romantic comedy movie directed by Judd Apatow and written by Amy Schumer. The movie stars Schumer and Bill Hader along with an ensemble cast that includes Brie Larson, Colin Quinn, John Cena, Vanessa Bayer, Tilda Swinton, Ezra Miller, LeBron James, Mike Birbiglia, and Norman Lloyd.

It was released July 17, 2015, by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards.

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (movie)

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a 2016 fantasy movie directed by David Yates. It is a spin-off of and prequel to the "Harry Potter" movie series. It was produced and written by J. K. Rowling.

It stars Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, Ezra Miller, Samantha Morton, Jon Voight, Carmen Ejogo, Ron Perlman, and Colin Farrell. 

Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald

Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald is a 2018 fantasy movie directed by David Yates and written by J. K. Rowling. It is the sequel to "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016). It stars Eddie Redmayne, Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, Ezra Miller, Zoë Kravitz, Callum Turner, Claudia Kim, William Nadylam, Kevin Guthrie, Jude Law and Johnny Depp. 

Carmen Ejogo

Carmen Elizabeth Ejogo (; born 22 October 1973) is an English actress and singer. 

Ejogo is best known for her roles in "Metro" (1997), "The Avengers" (1998), "Love's Labour's Lost" (2000), "What's the Worst That Could Happen?" (2001), "Boycott" (2001), "Away We Go" (2009), "Sparkle" (2012), "Alex Cross" (2012), "" (2014), "Selma" (2014), "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016), "It Comes at Night" (2017), "" (2017), and "" (2018). 

In 1998, she was married to musician Tricky for a short time. In 2004, she married actor Jeffrey Wright. They divorced in 2014. They had two children.

Steven Weber

Steven Robert Weber (born March 4, 1961) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Brian Hackett on the television series "Wings" and Jack Torrance in the Television miniseries version of Stephen King's "The Shining".

Alison Sudol

Alison Sudol (born December 23, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter, actress, and music video director. She is known for playing Queenie Goldstein in the "Fantastic Beasts" movies "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016) and "" (2018). 

McCandless, Pennsylvania

McCandless is a township with home rule status in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 29,698 at the 2020 census.

The town was named after a person, Wilson McCandless (June 19, 1810 – June 30, 1882). He was a judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.

Bokundara

Bokundara is a city in Colombo District, Western Province, Sri Lanka. It is about 17 kilometers south of Colombo. It is surrounded by the suburbs of Moratuwa, Piliyandala, Maharagama, Pannipitiya and Boralesgamuwa. The Bokundara Dedicated Economic Center is the main attraction. The road connecting Colombo and Horana, known as the 120 bus route, passes through Bokundara.

Frosolone

Frosolone is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region Molise.

Keep America Beautiful

Keep America Beautiful is a group from the United States. It made advertisements and public service announcements. It is to stop people from throwing garbage on the ground outside. Its most famous public service announcement is the Crying Indian public service announcement. It is also famous for starting the word "litterbug." Most of the groups that started Keep America Beautiful are for-profit companies. They make bottles, cans, and other packaging. They want people to think pollution comes from people who drop their own pieces of garbage outside. They do not want people to think that pollution come from companies making too much packaging. This is called greenwashing.

After World War II, many companies decided to sell things in packages that could not be used again. They did this because it was cheaper than using bottles and cans again. Many of these companies did not want the government to make laws telling them what to do. For example, in 1953, the state of Vermont passed a law against one-use bottles. It was because farmers said people were throwing the empty bottles into haystacks and that cows were eating them. This type of law is called a "bottle bill."

In 1951, the American Can Company and Owens-Illinois Glass Company and other companies started "Keep America Beautiful". Other groups joined too:

Owens-Illinois would later own the Dixie Cup Company.

The companies behind Keep America Beautiful did not want the government to pass laws that would cost them money. For example, they wanted to stop laws that would make them sell drinks in reusable bottles. Throwaway bottles were cheaper. Keep American Beautiful wanted voters to look at the advertisement and think people made pollution one by one and not that big companies made pollution.

The Ad Council started by thinking of litter as something ugly and poor citizenship. They said that people who littered were thoughtless and careless. They also said that these people made the world ugly for other people. The "Keep America Beautiful" media fact sheet read that littering ruined "pleasure and recreation from their beautiful outdoors. [...] Yet their enjoyment of the natural and man-made attractions of our grand landscape is everywhere marred by the litter which careless people leave in their wake. [...] The mountain of refuse keeps growing." They also said that litter cost money to clean up and could be bad for health.

Keep America Beautiful wanted to...


Keep America Beautiful supported some laws but not all.

Keep America Beautiful did support laws telling people what to do:


Keep America Beautiful did not support laws telling companies what to do:

The Advertising Council helped make advertisements for Keep America Beautiful. The Advertising Council had already made Smokey Bear for the U.S. Forest Service. Smokey Bear tells people "Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires." The Council decided their advertisement for Keep America Beautiful should be like the Smokey Bear advertises: It should tell people that their own choices solve problems.

Before the Crying Indian ad, Keep America Beautiful used a character called "Susan Spotless." This was a young white girl in a white dress. This girl shook her finger at adults who make the environment dirty. She told them to stop: "Daddy, you forgot . . . every litter bit hurts!" ("Litter" sounds like "little" in American English.) The idea was that parents should be ashamed to teach their children to litter.

In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the idea that the environment must be protected became strong in America. Many of the protesters just before the first Earth Day talked about throwaway containers. For example, students from the University of Michigan put a big pile of empty drink containers on the ground. It was outside the offices of the National Soft Drink Association.

The hippies of the 1960s liked the idea of Native Americans. In 1967, "Life" wrote that hippies saw "the dispossessed Indian as America’s original dropout, and convinced that he has deeper spiritual values than the rest of society, hippies have taken to wearing his costume and horning in on his customs," meaning that hippies wanted to copy American Indians.

In the Crying Indian ad, an actor dressed as a Native American paddles a canoe through a stream. At first, the stream is clean and pretty but it becomes dirtier and full of garbage. He gets out of the stream and walks to a highway, where people throw garbage out of their cars. Then he slowly cries one tear. A voice says, "Some people have a deep, abiding respect for the natural beauty that was once this country. And some people don't. ... People start pollution. People can stop it." The ad was on television starting in 1971. It was about littering. The ad won many awards, for example two Clio Awards. Television stations played it so much that their copies of the film wore out and they had to get new ones.

Trent University history professor Finis Dunaway says that the man in the Crying Indian ad "appears completely powerless. In the commercial, all he can do is lament the land his people lost," when, at the same time, real-life American Indians were working to solve their problems.

Another Crying Indian ad was on television in 1975. In 1998, the first one was on television again.

Iron Eyes Cody was an actor who played Native Americans on television and in movies. He had already been in many movies and TV shows before the Crying Indian ad. Iron Eyes Cody said he was a Native American, but he was really Italian American.

For a while, environmental groups, for example the National Audubon Society and the Sierra Club, worked with Keep America Beautiful. These two groups stopped agreeing in the 1970s when they wanted to pass more bottle bills and Keep America Beautiful did not. One of Keep America Beautiful's leaders called the environmental groups "communists" for wanting to pass these laws.

Keep America Beautiful started the National Center for Resource Recovery in the 1970s. The NCRR is a lobbying group: It sends people to talk to lawmakers and convince them to pass or not pass laws.

Charles Boyer

Charles Boyer (August 28, 1899 in Figeac, France- August 26, 1978 in Phoenix, Arizona), was a French-American actor. He appeared in Gaslight and Algiers and may other films.

He became a US Citizen on June 15, 1942 in Los Angeles.

Southwest Louisiana

Southwest Louisiana (SWLA) is a five-parish area intersecting the Acadiana and Central Louisiana regions in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is composed of the following parishes (counties): Allen, Beauregard, Calcasieu, Cameron, Jefferson Davis.

New Orleans metropolitan area

New Orleans metropolitan area is a metropolitan statistical area designated by the United States Census Bureau encompassing eight parishes (the statewide equivalent of other U.S. states' counties) in the state of Louisiana.

Charles Garrett (diplomat)

Charles Edmund Garrett (born 16 April 1963) is a British diplomat. He is currently the ambassador of the United Kingdom to Kyrgyzstan. He was ambassador of the United Kingdom to North Macedonia from 2014 to 2018.

He has worked for the Foreign & Commonwealth Office since 1987.

Garrett is married to Véronique Frances Edmonde Garrett. He has five children.

Hemp oil

Hemp oil (also known as hemp seed oil) is a oil that comes from pressing hemp seeds. It is known to have a grassy and nutty flavor if not refined. It is a clear oil. Its omega-6 to omega-3 ratio is 3:1.

Hemp seed oil is got from varieties of "Cannabis sativa" that do not have much tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the principal psychoactive element in the cannabis plant. It is often used in body-care products.

Men I Trust

Men I Trust is a Canadian and French dream pop, electropop and indie rock band from Montreal, Quebec. The group was founded in early 2014. The main members of the group are Emmanuelle "Emma" Proulx (lead singer and guitarist for the band), Dragos Chiriac (the group's keyboardist) and Jessy Caron (the bassist and guitarist). The two original men with the group wanted to name the band "Trust". That name, however, was already taken. That was the reason the music group was officially named "Men I Trust".

Men I Trust released their self-titled extended play on May 28, 2014. They released their first studio album "Headroom" on June 30, 2015. The group was later joined by the then twenty-three-year-old Emmanuelle "Emma" Proulx. She became an official member with the group in March 2016. Men I Trust released their pop single "I Hope to Be Around" in late 2017. The song was accompanied with a music video.

National Public Radio said Men I Trust was an electropop music group during a 2018 news article. "One Culture Mag" classified the band as an indie group.

Adam Cole

Austin Kirk Jenkins (born 5 July 1989, Lancaster, Pennsylvania) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known by his ring name, Adam Cole. Jenkins is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling. He is also known for his work in New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW), Ring of Honor (ROH), and the WWE, where he competed on the NXT brand and is a former NXT Tag Team champion, the first ever NXT North American champion and the longest reigning NXT champion to date.


The Patrick Star Show

The Patrick Star Show is an American animated comedy television series that is developed by Luke Brookshier, Marc Ceccarelli, Andrew Goodman, Kaz, Mr. Lawrence, and Vincent Waller that premiered on Nickelodeon on July 9, 2021. It is a spinoff of "SpongeBob SquarePants" that focuses on Patrick Star and his family hosting a talk show.

Patrick Star hosts his very own talk show at his family home, with the support of his family.


Kannada script

The Kannada script is used to write certain languages from South India, most notably the Kannada language. The script is similar to the Telugu script, used to write the Telugu language. Kannada is an Abugida.

Orange Julius

The Orange Julius is an American fast food, hot dog and fruit drink beverage restaurant chain. The company began its business operations in Los Angeles, California in 1926. Orange Julius is known for a popular drink named after the restaurant. The beverage is blended ice, powdered egg whites, milk, orange juice and vanilla flavoring.

The drink grew from an orange juice stand that was opened in 1926 by Julius Freed. Original sales were only about $20 each day (that equals almost $290 in 2020 United States dollars). Three years later, Bill Hamlin, Freed's real estate broker, developed a blend that made the acidic orange juice not bother his stomach as much. Freed's stand began giving out the drink. It had a more bubbly and smoother texture. The sales at the stand went up when the new drink was introduced. The sales increased to just over $100 per day.

During the 1950s and 1960s, Orange Julius was always sold from a variety of outlets. They included county and state fairs along with standalone Orange Julius stands. 

The Orange Julius chain was bought out by the International Dairy Queen Corporation in 1987. IDQ, a subsidiary for Berkshire Hathaway, has the rights to all Orange Julius stores. It has expanded the chain so its drinks are offered and sold from most of its Dairy Queen stores.

During the 1970s and 1980s, Orange Julius beverage stands used the images of a devil having a pitchfork around an orange. Their slogan was "A Devilish Good Drink". The devil images looked almost like Sparky (the Sun Devil). The actual Sparky was the mascot used by Arizona State University. The Orange Julius business retired the logo and mascot when threats of a lawsuit came from members of the ASU almuni association.

Rabin, the Last Day

Rabin, the Last Day is a 2015 Israeli French political thriller movie directed by Amos Gitai and starring Tomer Sisley, Yitzhak Hiskiya, Michael Warshaviak, Einat Weizman, Yogev Yefet, Rotem Keinan, Tomer Russo, Uri Gottlieb, Gdalya Besser.

Ceddo

Ceddo (), also known as "The Outsiders", is a 1977 Senegalese drama movie directed by Ousmane Sembène and starring Tabata Ndiaye, Moustapha Yade, Ismaila Diagne.

La notte

La Notte (; ) is a 1961 Italian French drama movie directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Marcello Mastroianni, Jeanne Moreau, Monica Vitti, Bernhard Wicki, Rosy Mazzacurati.


My Younger Brother

My Younger Brother () is a 1962 Russian drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zarkhi and starring Lyudmila Marchenko, Aleksandr Zbruev, Oleg Dahl, Andrei Mironov, Oleg Efremov, Arvo Kruusement.

Sony Imagine

Sony Imagine (Formerly Dilagi TV) is an Indian Free-To-Air Television entertaiment channel owned by Sony Pictures Networks India.

Anderson Mazoka

Anderson K. Mazoka (22 March 1943 – 24 May 2006) was a Zambian politician. He was previously President of the United Party for National Development (UPND). UPND is a big opposition party.

Mazoka was born in Monze. He went to Union College. He graduated in 1969.

In the presidential election on 27 December 2001, he finished second. Levy Mwanawasa won the election.

On 24 May 2006, Mazoka died from kidney problems. He died in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was 63 years old.

Heléne Björklund

Heléne Björklund (), birth name: Persson (); born on September 29, 1972) is a Swedish politician from the Swedish Social Democratic Party. She is a member of Riksdag from Blekinge County. As a member of parliament, she is a member of the Defense Committee.

Father Gunnar Persson (born 1947) and mother Monica Gadd (born 1953) gave birth to her in Sölvesborg Municipality. Being a girl, she lived in Sölvesborg Municipality. As of 2021, Björklund lived there with her husband Markus Alexandersson and four children.

She has got an academic degree in the Kristianstad University. She is a teacher.

She was the main person in the city council of Sölvesborg Municipality from 2006 to 2018. She is the head of the Swedish Social Democratic Party in Blekinge County.

On June 2, 2021, she undertook support for . Sapega is the girlfriend of Roman Protasevich and a political prisoner from Belarus.


Werner Enterprises

Werner Enterprises, Inc. () is an American transportation and logistics company. It serves customers in the United States, Mexico and Canada.

Striped tree frog

The striped tree frog ("Boana caingua") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina.

Ari Fleischer

Lawrence Ari Fleischer (born October 13, 1960) is an American media consultant and political aide who served as the 23rd White House Press Secretary, for President George W. Bush, from January 2001 to July 2003.

He joined Fox News as a contributor in July 2017.

Gasket

A gasket is a mechanical seal that is used to connect two flanges. Generally, gaskets are used in structures that are under pressure. The aim of the gasket is to prevent leakage.

Treatment of women by the Taliban

While in power in Afghanistan, the Taliban became known for their misogyny and violence against women. Now that the Taliban has most of Afghanistan again, there are many concerns.

Women in Afghanistan had to wear the burqa in public at all times. Women were not allowed to work, they were not allowed to be educated after the age of eight, and until then were only allowed to study the Qur'an.

Women wanting an education had to attend underground schools, where they and their teachers risked execution if caught. The Taliban allowed marriage for girls under the age of 16. Amnesty International reported that 80% of Afghan marriages were forced.

Since they came to power again in 2021, the Taliban have restricted the liberty of women. This has affected the possibility of women to work, or to attend schools, or higher education. In December 2021, the Taliban restricted the ability for women to travel longer distances, without being acccompanied by a male family member. For this, a government minister of neighboring Pakistan has critizied them, calling them an extremist regime: "We want to fully help the people of Afghanistan. But saying that women can’t travel alone or go to schools and colleges — this kind of a retrogressive thinking is a threat to Pakistan."

On December 20, 2022, the Taliban banned female students from attending higher education with immediate effect. This was against the promises they had given earlier. The next day, December 21, 2022, the Taliban banned all girls and women from education; this included female staff or teachers in schools. Being a teacher was one of the last few jobs women were allowed to take. There are also reports that women who used to work in government jobs previously are being paid to sit at home.

Healthcare also became worse. At first, male doctors were allowed to treat women in hospitals, but the decree that no male doctor should be allowed to touch the body of a woman under the pretext of consultation was soon introduced. With fewer female health professionals, many women have to travel longer distances to get treatment; there are also fewer clinics that offer checks during pregnancy.

After the Taliban takeover, female healthcare workers reported safety issues and being harassed by the Taliban. Maternal health care conditions declined and many doctors reported that infant and child mortality had increased.

In November 2022, women were banned from gyms, public baths, public parks, and amusement parks.

While Abdul Baqi Haqqani, the Minister for Higher Education until October 2022, was favourable for women to attend Universities, his successor Neda Mohammad Nadeem opposes University education for women.

In February 2023, "The Guardian" reported that the Taliban began to restrict access to contraceptives. They ordered pharmacies to clear their stocks of birth control medicine and threatened midwives. In Kabul, Taliban fighters stated that "contraceptive use and family planning is a western agenda".

In July 2023, Taliban banned women’s beauty parlours in Afghanistan. Parlours which were already operating were given a time limit of 1 month to shut down.


South West Africa (disambiguation)

South West Africa was the name for Namibia when it was under German control from 1884–1915 and South African control from 1915–1990. On March 21, 1990 South West Africa changed its name to Namibia and became independent from South Africa.


BBC v HarperCollins Publishers Ltd

BBC v Harper Collins (2010) EWHC 2424 was a 2010 case in English law. The BBC asked that the courts stop HarperCollins from publishing a book by Ben Collins. In the book, Collins revealed that he was 'The Stig' on the BBC's "Top Gear". The BBC didn't want people to know this. The BBC lost the case.

Virgin cleansing myth

The virgin cleansing myth (other names are virgin cure myth, virgin rape myth, or simply virgin myth) is the belief that having sex with a virgin girl cures a man of sexually transmitted diseases.

Anthropologist Suzanne Leclerc-Madlala says the myth is a potential factor in infant rape by HIV-positive men in South Africa. Young girls are often raped, because they are thought to be virgins because of their age. Sometimes, people with disabilities are raped, because the rapist thinks that because of their disability, these people do not have sex and are therefore virgins.

The myth was first reported in 16th-century Europe; it became widely known in 19th-century Victorian England as a cure for syphilis and gonorrhea among other sexually transmitted diseases. The origin is unknown, but historian Hanne Blank writes that the idea may have evolved from Christian legends of virgin–martyrs, whose purity served as a form of protection in battling demons.

People all over the world have heard this myth, including in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, Europe and the Americas.

A survey by the University of South Africa (UNISA) in South Africa found that 18 percent of workers thought that having sex with a virgin cures HIV/AIDS. An earlier study in 1999 by sexual health educators in Gauteng reported that 32 percent of the people taking part in the survey believed the myth.

According to Betty Makoni of the Girl Child Network in Zimbabwe, traditional healers carry on the myth, because they tell HIV-positive men that having sex with a virgin can cure HIV/AIDS. In Zimbabwe, some people also believe that the blood produced by raping a virgin will cleanse the infected person's blood of the disease.

In 2002, psychologist Mike Earl-Taylor wrote that the virgin cure myth may explain the rise in child or infant rapes in South Africa, which is facing an HIV/AIDS epidemic. UNICEF has attributed the rape of hundreds of girls to the virgin cleansing myth.

There have been no studies to find out how common the myth is, and how many people get raped because of this belief. Researchers Rachel Jewkes and Helen Epstein say that the belief does not drive HIV infection or child sexual abuse in Africa. A study done on convicted sex offenders in Malawi also did not find any evidence to support the idea that the virgin cleansing myth prompted any rapes.

Because peolple do not know about HIV and the AIDS infection, this causes problems with preventing it in many countries in Africa.

Education has helped women such as Betty Makoni speak out against the myth and attempt to dissuade people from believing the virgin cleansing myth.

Jaguar XJ

The Jaguar XJ is a series of big luxury automobiles. The automobiles were made by Jaguar Cars from 1968 to 2019 It was. From 1970 it was Jaguar's most well-known four door autombile for sale. The first model was the last Jaguar saloon automobile to have had discussion from Sir William Lyons, the company's founder.

There were plans for an electric type of the automobile. However, the plans stopped in 2021.

Hamid Karzai International Airport

Hamid Karzai International Airport (; ; ) is located 5 km from the city centre of Kabul in Afghanistan. It is one of the nation's main international airports and as one of the largest military bases.

It was previously named Kabul International Airport and locally as Khwaja Rawash Airport.

The airport was given its new name in 2014 in honor of former President Hamid Karzai. The decision was made by the National Assembly of Afghanistan and the Cabinet of the then President Ashraf Ghani.

On 26 August 2021, an ISIS sucide bombing occurred at the airport leaving at least 170 dead.

National Assembly (Afghanistan)

The National Assembly (, ), also known as the Parliament of Afghanistan or simply as the Afghan Parliament is the legislature of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.

In August 2021, activity (or business) had stopped at the National Assembyl.
While the legislature "de jure" still exists, "de facto" it was dissolved on 15 August 2021 after the fall of Kabul and after almost all government officials fled the country. 

Amrullah Saleh

Amrullah Saleh (Dari/Pashto: ; born 15 October 1972) is an Afghan politician. On 17 August 2021 the government of Afghanistan had lost its power; however, Saleh still had the highest position of (elected) politicians that had not resigned. He was the acting president of Afghanistan from the Fall of Kabul on 17 August 2021 until 6 September 2021. He started in 2020 as vice president of Afghanistan. Earlier, he was the Minister of Interior Affairs of Afghanistan in 2018 and 2019.

After the Fall of Kabul (2021), Saleh moved himself to the Panjshir Valley; from there he said that an anti-Taliban resistance has started; that group was started by Saleh and Ahmad Massoud and defense minister Bismillah Khan Mohammadi.

in September 2021, Taliban killed one of his brothers in Panjshir.

Microsoft Teams

Microsoft Teams is a business communication platform developed by Microsoft. It includes a video chat software. It has gained popularity in the COVID-19 pandemic.

Microsoft Teams is available in the following languages:

C.D. Huachipato

Club Deportivo Huachipato is a Chilean football club based in Talcahuano that is a current member of the Chilean Primera División.


Fereshteh Taerpour

Fereshteh Taerpour (; 4 February 1953 – 17 August 2021) was an Iranian movie producer. She was born in Tehran. Her career began in 1982. She was best known for writing the screenplay for the 1999 comedy "Once Upon a Time". She also wrote children's books, one of which, "Adventure of Ahmad and Sara". 

From 1982 to 1991 she was the Head of Writing and Editorial Center of the Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults in Tehran.

Taerpour died on 17 August 2021 in Tehran from COVID-19 at the age of 68.

Paulão (footballer, born 1969)

Paulo António Alves (22 October 1969 – 17 August 2021), commonly known as Paulão, was an Angolan footballer who played as a midfielder. He made over fifty appearances for the Angola national football team from 1993 until 2001.

Basil Mramba

Basil Pesambili Mramba (15 May 1940 – 17 August 2021) was a Tanzanian Chama Cha Mapinduzi politician. He was the Minister of Industry and Trade between 1986 until 1989 and again from 2006 until 2008. He was also the Minister of Finance between 2001 until 2005. ​

Mramba died from COVID-19 on 17 August 2021 at the age of 81.

Nikolai Kuimov

Nikolai Dimitriyevich Kuimov (; 16 December 1957 – 17 August 2021) was a Russian test pilot. He was awarded the Hero of the Russian Federation in 2007 by President Vladimir Putin. He was known for testing the safety of many well known airplane models, including the Il-76, Il-86, Il-96, Il-114, and Il-103. Kuimov was born in Podolsk, then-Soviet Union.

Kuimov was killed in an airplane crash near Kubinka, Russia on 17 August 2021, aged 63.

William R. Haine

William Haine (August 8, 1944 – August 16, 2021) was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate representing the 56th district from his appointment in November 2002 until 2019. He was born in Alton, Illinois.

Haine died on August 16, 2021 at the age of 77.

Hormoz Farhat

Hormoz Farhat (, 9 August 1928 – 16 August 2021) was a Persian-American composer and ethnomusicologist. He was the emeritus professor of music, a fellow of Trinity College, Dublin. He was born in Tehran. He was a professor and head of the music department at the University of Tehran, (1970–78) as well as the head of the Music Council in the National Iranian Radio and Television Network (1969–78) and Shiraz Arts Festival.

Rafael Romero

Rafael Romero Sandrea (May 22, 1938 – August 15, 2021) was a Venezuelan track and field athlete. He competed in the sprint events. He represented his native country in three Summer Olympics, starting in 1956. Romero won two medals (gold and silver) at the 1963 Pan American Games in Brazil.

Romero died on August 15, 2021 at the age of 83.

Dick Schafrath

Richard Philip Schafrath (March 21, 1937 – August 15, 2021) was an American offensive lineman football player and politician. He played for the Cleveland Browns from 1959 until 1971. He was a member of the Ohio Senate from 1987 until 2000 as a member of the Republican Party. Schafrath was born in Wooster, Ohio.

Schafrath died on August 15, 2021 at the age of 84.

Wooster, Ohio

Wooster ( ) is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Wayne County.

Vladimir Mendelssohn

Vladimir Mendelssohn (29 November 1949 – 13 August 2021) was a Romanian composer, violist, and professor. He was Director of the Kuhmo Chamber Music Festival from 2005 until his death. Mendelssohn was born in Bucharest, Romania. He also composed the movie scores for "Darclee" and "The Violin Player".

Mendelssohn died on 13 August 2021, aged 71.

Charlie Johnson (defensive tackle)

Charles Johnson (January 17, 1952 – August 13, 2021) was an American football player. He played nine seasons in the National Football League. He played in Super Bowl XV for the Philadelphia Eagles and was selected to three Pro Bowls. He also played for the Minnesota Vikings. His career lasted from 1979 until 1981. Johnson was born in West Columbia, Texas.

Johnson died on August 13, 2021 in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 69.

West Columbia, Texas

West Columbia is a city in Brazoria County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is about southwest of downtown Houston. The population was 3,644 at the 2020 census.

Rich Milot

Richard Paul Milot (May 28, 1957 – August 13, 2021) was an American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played his entire nine-year career with the Washington Redskins from 1979 until 1987. He played college football at Penn State University. Milot was born in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania.

Milot died on August 13, 2021 at the age of 64.

Karl-Friedrich Haas

Karl-Friedrich Haas (28 July 1931 – 12 August 2021) was a West German athlete. He was born in Berlin. He competed for West Germany in the 1952 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal. Four years later he competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal.

Haas died on 12 August 2021 in Nuremberg, Germany, aged 90.

Alfonso Sepúlveda

Víctor Alfonso Sepúlveda Torres (3 April 1939 – 12 August 2021) was a Chilean professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. Sepúlveda was born in Santiago de Chile. He played for the Chile national football team four times from 1961 until 1964. He also played for Universidad de Chile, Unión Española and Huachipato. His career lasted from 1959 until 1970.

Sepúlveda died on 12 August 2021 at a nursing home in Viña del Mar, Chile from heart failure, aged 82.

Pyotr Pimashkov

Pyotr Ivanovich Pimashkov (; 2 July 1948 – 12 August 2021) was a Russian politician. He was born in the Bykhaw District, then-Soviet Union. He was Mayor of Krasnoyarsk from 1996 until 2011. He was a member of the State Duma from 2011 until his death. Pimashkov was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and United Russia.

Pimashkov died on 12 August 2021 in Sochi, Russia from cardiac arrest at the age of 73.

Claudio Ventura

Claudio Ventura (15 August 1953 – 11 August 2021) was an Italian cinematic artist and editor. He was also Director of Karina-Films in Paris. He worked with 20th Century Studios on the movies "The Longest Day" and "Let's Make Love". He edited the 1984 comedy-drama movie "Just the Way You Are".

Ventura died on 11 August 2021 at the age of 67.

Maki Kaji

Kaji died on 10 August 2021 from bile duct cancer in Tokyo, aged 69.

Victoria Paris

Victoria Paris (November 22, 1960 – August 10, 2021) was an American pornographic actress and model. She was born in Great Falls, Montana. Paris began her career in 1989 and retired in 2002. She was a nude model for "Hustler" magazine, "High Society" and "Penthouse" in 1988.

Paris died on August 10, 2021 at her home in Rexburg, Idaho from breast cancer, aged 60.

The Longest Day (movie)

The Longest Day is a 1962 American epic war movie, filmed in black and white. It is based on Cornelius Ryan's 1959 non-fiction book of the same name. It is about the D-Day landings at Normandy on June 6, 1944. 

It was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck. 

Shot in a docudrama style, the film opens in the days leading up to D-Day, concentrating on events on both sides of the English channel. The allies wait for a break in the poor weather conditions while anticipating the reaction of the Axis forces defending northern France.

Multiple scenes document the early hours of June 6. Allied airborne troops being sent in to take key locations inland, away from the beaches and the French resistance reaction to the news that the invasion has started.

Also important events surrounding D-day; British troops glider missions to secure Pegasus Bridge, the counterattacks launched American paratroopers scattered around Sainte- Mere-Eglise, the infiltration and sabotage work conducted by the French resistance and SOE agents and the response by the Wehrmacht to the invasion. also shown is the uncertainty of German commanders regarding whether this is a feint in preparation for Allied crossings at the Strait of Dover where the senior German staff had always assumed where the invasion would take place.

The German generals blame a so called German corporal for not seeing the coming of the invasion. 

Set piece scenes include the parachute drop into Sainte-Mere- Englise, the advance inshore from the Normandy beaches, the U. S. Ranger Group assault on the Pointe du Hoc, the attack on Ouistreham by Free French Forces and the strafing of the beaches by two lone Luftwaffe pilots. The film concludes with the montage showing various Allied units consolidating their beachheads before they advance inland by crossing France to eventually breach Germany.

Kenneth More

Kenneth Gilbert More, CBE (20 September 1914 – 12 July 1982) was an English actor. He was in "Doctor in the House" (1954), "Raising a Riot" (1955), "The Admirable Crichton" (1957), "The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw" (1958) and "Next to No Time" (1958). 

Two of his own favourite films date from the 1960s – "The Comedy Man" (1964) and "The Greengage Summer" (1961) with Susannah York, "one of the happiest films on which I have ever worked." He also enjoyed a revival in the much-acclaimed TV adaptation of "The Forsyte Saga" (1967 series) and the "Father Brown" 1974 TV series.

Gert Fröbe

Karl Gerhart "Gert" Fröbe (; 25 February 1913 – 5 September 1988) was a German actor. He is best known in English-speaking countries for his work as Auric Goldfinger in the James Bond movie "Goldfinger". He also played Baron Bomburst in "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang".

Irina Demick

Irina Demick (16 October 1936 – 8 October 2004), sometimes credited as Irina Demich, was a French actress. She was known for her roles in "OSS se déchaîne" (1963), "The Visit" (1964), "Un monsieur de compagnie" (1964) and "Up from the Beach" (1965).

Pommeuse

Pommeuse is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.

Richard Todd

Richard Andrew Palethorpe-Todd (11 June 19193 December 2009) was an Irish-British actor. He won a Golden Globe Award and had an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination for his role as Corporal Lachlan MacLachlan in the 1949 movie "The Hasty Heart".

Curd Jürgens

Curd Gustav Andreas Gottlieb Franz Jürgens (13 December 191518 June 1982) was a German-Austrian actor. He played Ernst Udet in "Des Teufels General". He also played "James Bond" villain Karl Stromberg in "The Spy Who Loved Me" (1977).

Cornelius Ryan

Cornelius Ryan (5 June 1920 – 23 November 1974) was an Irish-American journalist and author. He was known for writing popular military history. He wrote about World War II events: "The Longest Day: 6 June 1944 D-Day" (1959), "The Last Battle" (1966), and "A Bridge Too Far" (1974). He was born in Dublin.

Ryan died on 23 November 1974 in New York City from prostate cancer, aged 54.


Maurice Jarre

Maurice-Alexis Jarre (; 13 September 1924 – 28 March 2009) was a French composer and conductor. He composed the movie scores for "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962) and "Dr. Zhivago". He also worked on "The Train" (1964), "Mohammad, Messenger of God" (1976), "Lion of the Desert" (1981), "Witness" (1985), "Fatal Attraction" (1987), and "Ghost" (1990).

Jarre won three Academy Awards, two BAFTA Awards, four Golden Globe Awards, and a Grammy Award.

Jarre stated composers like Arthur Honegger, Franz Waxman, Miklós Róza, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Richard Wagner, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Max Steiner, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and Richard Strauss as influences.

Ken Annakin

Kenneth Cooper Annakin, OBE (10 August 1914 – 22 April 2009) was an English movie director. He directed many Disney movies in the 1950s.


Andrew Marton

Andrew Marton (born Endre Marton; 26 January 1904 – 7 January 1992) was a Hungarian-American movie director. In his career, he directed 39 movies and television programs. He was known for directing "Ben Hur" (1959).


Bernhard Wicki

Bernhard Wicki (28 October 1919 – 5 January 2000) was an Austrian actor and movie director. 



Jeffrey Hunter

Jeffrey Hunter (born Henry Herman "Hank" McKinnies Jr.; November 25, 1926 – May 27, 1969) was an American actor and producer. He was known for his roles in movies such as "The Searchers" and "King of Kings".

Tom Tryon

Thomas Tryon (January 14, 1926 – September 4, 1991) was an American actor and novelist. He is best known for playing the main role in the movie "The Cardinal" (1963) and starred in "The Longest Day" (1962) and "In Harm's Way" (1965).


Leo Genn

Leopold John "Leo" Genn (9 August 190526 January 1978) was an English actor and lawyer. He played Petronius in the 1951 movie "Quo Vadis". This role earned him an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor nomination.

Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom

Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom (), also titled titled Pasolini's 120 Days of Sodom on English-language prints and commonly referred to as simply Salò (), is a French-Italian 1975 art, war, LGBT and political movie. The motion picture was directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini. The movie is a loose adaptation of "The 120 Days of Sodom" (a 1785 book first published in 1904). The book was first published by Marquis de Sade. The movie happens during World War II. It was Pasolini's final movie. The movie was released almost three weeks after Pasolini's murder.

The movie deals with rich, corrupt Italian serial seducers at the time of the fascist Republic of Salò (1943–45). The seducers kidnap eighteen youths. The youths are exposed to almost four months of sadistic behavior, intense violence and sexual torturte. The movie is associated with certain themes. They include morality, nihilism, capitalism, sexual material and fascism. The movie has four segments, which were inspired from the narriative poem "The Divine Comedy" by Dante Alighieri (the Italian poet): the Anteinferno, the Circle of Manias, the Circle of Excrement, and the Circle of Blood. The movie also has constant references towards and several discussions of Friedrich Nietzsche's 1887 novel "On the Genealogy of Morality", Ezra Pound's poem "The Cantos" and Marcel Proust's novel sequence "In Search of Lost Time".

The movie first began showing at the Paris Film Festival on 23 November 1975. It was briefly shown in movie theaters across Italy. Just after New Year's Day 1976, however, this motion picture was officially banned in that country. It was later released on 3 October 1977 in the United States. Because of the movie depicting teens becoming victims of graphic violence, sexual abuse and murder, it was controversial when released. It remains banned in several countries.

"Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom" was rejected by the British Board of Film Classification (the name then was the British Board of Film Censors) in early January 1976. The reason behind the rejection was later cited as "gross indecency" (anything which offended against the recognised standards of propriety).

In Australia, "Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom" was banned all across the country for indecency reasons. Following a seventeen-years-long ban, rating officials at the Australian Classification Board re-rated the movie R18+ (meaning 18 and older) uncut for its theatrical release in mid July 1993. In July 2008, however, the Australian Classification Review Board members rated the movie Refused Classification for the third time. In 2010, it was released having an R18+ rating. The Classification Board officials said the DVD of the movie was passed due to "the inclusion of 176 minutes of additional material which provided a context to the feature film."

The movie was originally banned in 1976 in New Zealand for almost twenty-one years.

In 2007, police did not alloow a local cinema in Zürich to show the movie in a church; different Christian groups from Germany and Austria had filed a complaint against this event. After looking through findings of foreign trials and discussions, this prohibition was undone. The police stated that, apparently, it had not properly taken the "artistic value" of the movie into account. 

The Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie near 71% with thirty-eight reviews. The site's reviews read: "Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom will strike some viewers as irredeemably depraved, but its unflinching view of human cruelty makes it impossible to ignore." 

Director Michael Haneke called "Salò" as his fourth-favorite motion picture while voting for a 2002 "Sight & Sound" magazine poll. Director Catherine Breillat said the movie wasn't really meant to be shocking.

Director John Waters said, ""Salo" is a beautiful film...it uses obscenity in an intelligent way...and it's about the pornography of power."

In 2011, Roger Ebert wrote that he owned the movie since its release on LaserDisc. Ebert, however, had not watched it. The reason Ebert didn't watch the movie was due to its transgressive reputation.

2004 Chūetsu earthquake

The Chūetsu earthquake is an earthquake that occurred in Niigata Prefecture, Japan on October 23, 2004. The moment magnitude was 6.6. The quake killed 68 people.

Ágnes Hankiss

Ágnes Hankiss (born Ágnes Erdős; 7 March 1950 — 17 August 2021) was a Hungarian politician. She was elected as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 2009 until 2014. She was a member of the European People's Party. Hankiss was born in Budapest. She was married to Elemér Hankiss.

Hankiss died on 17 August 2021 in Budapest, aged 71.

Typhoon Durian

Typhoon Durian (PAGASA : Typhoon Reming) was a large storm that hurt the Philippines and Vietnam in 2006. Many people died when mud slid down from the Mayon Volcano and covered many villages.

Anwar Hossain (industrialist)

Anwar Hossain (1938 – 17 August 2021) was a Bangladeshi businessman and politician. He was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad from 1988 until 1990. He was the founder and chairman of Anwar Group. He was a member of the Jatiya Party. Hossain was born in Lalbagh Thana, Bangladesh.

Hossain died on 17 August 2021 in Dhaka, aged 83.

Kazenambo Kazenambo

Kazenambo Kazenambo (6 July 1963 – 17 August 2021) was a Botswanan-born Namibian politician. He was a member of SWAPO. In 2004, he was elected to the National Assembly. He retired in 2014. Kazenambo was born in Maun, Botswana.

Kazenambo died in Windhoek, Namibia on 17 August 2021 from COVID-19 problems, aged 58.

Maun

Maun is the fifth-largest town in Botswana. As of 2011, it had a population of 55,784.

Rodrigo Paz

Rodrigo Paz Delgado (20 December 1933 – 17 August 2021) was an Ecuadorian politician and businessman. He was the mayor of Quito from 1988 to 1992 He ran for President of Ecuador in the 1996 election. He was a member of the Democracia Popular. Paz was Minister of Finance from 1980 to 1981. He was born in Tulcán, Carchi, Ecuador.

Paz died on 17 August 2021 at a hospital in Tampa, Florida from gastrointestinal bleeding, aged 87.

Embassy (movie)

Embassy is a 1972 British spy thriller movie directed by Gordon Hessler and was based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Stephen Coulter. It stars Richard Roundtree, Chuck Connors, Max von Sydow, Broderick Crawford, Ray Milland, Marie-José Nat, David Bauer, Karl Held, Larry Cross.

Jorge Yunda

Jorge Homero Yunda Machado (born 28 August 1965) is an Ecuadorian politician, physician and radio broadcaster. He was born in Guano, Ecuador. He is a member of the PAIS Alliance. Yunda became Mayor of Quito in 2019. From 2017 until 2018, he was a member of the National Assembly.

Tulcán

Tulcán () is the capital of the province of Carchi in Ecuador and the seat of Tulcán Canton. The population of the city of Tulcán was 53,558 in the 2010 census. 

Loja, Ecuador

Loja (), formerly Loxa and fully City of the Immaculate Conception of Loja (), is the capital of Ecuador's Loja Province.


Sean Lock

Sean Michael Lock (22 April 1963 – 16 August 2021) was an English comedian and actor. He was a team captain on Channel 4 comedy panel show "8 Out of 10 Cats" from 2005–2015, and on "8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown" from 2012 to 2021. He was born in Chertsey, Surrey, England.

Lock was first diagnosed with skin cancer in 1990. He died from cancer at his home in London on 16 August 2021, aged 58. He was diagnosed with lung cancer a few years before his death.

Go West, Young Lady

Go West, Young Lady is a 1941 American western comedy movie directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Penny Singleton, Glenn Ford, Ann Miller, Charles Ruggles, Allen Jenkins, Jed Prouty, Onslow Stevens. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Austin Mitchell

Austin Vernon Mitchell (19 September 1934 – 18 August 2021) was a British Labour Party politician and journalist. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Great Grimsby from 1977 until 2015. From 1979 until 1985, he was Opposition Whip. Mitchell was born in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Mitchell died on 18 August 2021 in Leeds, West Yorkshire at the age of 86.

Evgeny Sveshnikov

Evgeny Ellinovich Sveshnikov (; ; 11 February 1950 – 18 August 2021) was a Russian chess player and writer. He was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 1977. He was born in Cheliabinsk, Russian SFSR. Sveshnikov played in his first USSR Chess Championship when he was 17 years old.

Sveshnikov died on 18 August 2021 of problems caused by COVID-19 in Moscow at the age of 71.

So Ends Our Night

So Ends Our Night is a 1941 American war drama movie directed by John Cromwell and was based on the 1939 novel "Flotsam" by Erich Maria Remarque. It stars Fredric March, Glenn Ford, Margaret Sullavan, Frances Dee, Anna Sten, Erich von Stroheim and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1942.


Jan David Simon, 3rd Viscount Simon

Jan David Simon, 3rd Viscount Simon (20 July 1940 – 15 August 2021) was a British hereditary peer. He was member of the House of Lords from 1994 until his death. Simon was a member of the Labour Party. His father was the 2nd Viscount Simon.

Simon died on 15 August 2021 at the age of 81.

Rock Demers

Rock Demers, (December 11, 1933 – August 17, 2021) was a Canadian movie producer. He was the founder of the movie company "Les Productions la Fête" and produced the "Tales for All" movie series for children. He also produced "The Dog Who Stopped the War", "The Peanut Butter Solution" and "Vincent and Me". Demers was born in Sainte-Cécile-de-Lévrard, Quebec.

Demers died on August 17, 2021 at a Montreal hospital of heart failure, aged 87.

Betsy Russell

Elizabeth "Betsy" Russell (born September 6, 1963) is an American actress. She is known for playing Jill Tuck in the "Saw" movie series from 2006 to 2010.


Van Morrison

Sir George Ivan Morrison (born 31 August 1945) is a Northern Irish Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer whose recording career spans seven decades.

Morrison's solo career began in 1967 with the release of the hit single "Brown Eyed Girl". His first well known album was "Astral Weeks" (1968). While initially a poor seller, the album has become regarded as a classic. "Moondance" (1970) made Morrison famous.

Morrison has been honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. In 2016, he was knighted for services to the music industry and to tourism in Northern Ireland.

Grief

Grief is a reaction when someone or something loses something personal. This is usually when someone loses something living that has died, to which a bond or affection was formed. Reactions to grief can be different depending on the person. They can cry, be mad or even not react because they are in shock.

Some people say that grief comes in five parts:

Mad

Mad, mad, or MAD may refer to:







Siege of Sarajevo

The siege of Sarajevo was a long blockade of Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina during the Bosnian War. It was done by members of the Yugoslav People's Army. The city was then taken by the Army of Republika Srpska from 5 April 1992 to 29 February 1996 (1,425 days). It lasted three times longer than the Battle of Stalingrad and more than a year longer than the siege of Leningrad, and was the longest siege of a capital city in the history of modern war. 

Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( ) was a state in Southeastern Europe. It existed from 1992 to 1995. It is the direct legal predecessor to the modern-day state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Human bonding

Human bonding is the process of becoming close or having a close relationship between two or more people. It most commonly takes place between family members or friends, but can also happen between groups, such as sports teams.

Bonding usually means becoming attached to romantic partners, close friends, or parents and children. This bond can be seen through emotions such as affection and trust.

Acceptance

Acceptance is a person's reaction or realizing the reality of a situation. They become comfortable to any event (happy or not) and usually try not to change it or protest it. An example would be a person being in rest or comfortable with the idea of dying. The term "acceptance" is a noun with many different meanings.

Amusement

Amusement is the reaction of having fun or seeing something entertaining. The person or animal who is amused can go through enjoyment, happiness, laughter and pleasure. It is an emotion with a positive affect.

Annoyance

Annoyance is when someone is not happy or mad because of irritation and distraction from one's thought. It can lead to emotions such as frustration and anger. This is usually caused by someone becoming unhappy by an event, person or comment.

Irritability

Irritability is when a living organisms has a negative response to changes in their environment such as annoyance. Reactions can include pain, anger and unhappiness. This can also be a symptom of a mental illness.

Distraction

Distraction is the process of trying to change or get the attention of an individual or group from one area to another. 

This is done so that people can move from one place to another without the target noticing the person. Distraction in humans is caused by: the lack of ability to pay attention; lack of interest in the object of attention; or the great intensity, novelty or attractiveness of something other than the object of attention.
Any behaviour which is human has its origin in the deep past. One principle is that animals adapt to regular features of their environment. So most animals learn their environment in detail. This reduces the chance of their being surprised. A standard observation is that a predator moves when its target is distracted. Behaviours related to this are strongly inherited. When discovery is almost certain, prey may drop body parts (for example, their tail), play possum (play dead) or just run away. Some lizard tails are programmed to wriggle a bit when they are dropped.

Attention

Attention is when we point our sight and thought on a particular thing.

It is the behavioral and cognitive process of concentrating on a specific piece of information. Attention has also been described as the way we make use of limited cognitive processing resources.

Anticipation

Anticipation is an emotion usually someone waiting for something. This can cause pleasure or anxiety depending on what the person is thinking of.

Anticipation can be seen as an act of sexual desire. 

Anticipation can be shown in many ways; for example, some people seem to smile uncontrollably during this period, while others look or feel sick. It is not uncommon for the brain to be so focused on an event, that the body is affected in such a way.

Awe

Awe is an emotion that is like wonder but less joyous. It can be seen as a combination of surprise and fear.

Awe can be seen as a reaction to a person or animal seeing something shocking, bad or beautiful.

Wonder (emotion)

Wonder is an emotion that is similar to surprise that people feel seeing something rare or unexpected. It has been seen as an important part of human nature and has been connected with curiosity. Wonder is also often compared to the emotion of awe but instead of fear, its joyful.

Confidence

Confidence is a the emotion of someone being happy of what they know, look like and feel like. A positive example, could be someone being happy of how and what they look like. A negative example can be someone thinking too much of themselves where they act rude and better than everyone else. 


Contentment

Contentment or Satisfaction is a pleasant or positive emotion, feeling or state of mind. Satisfaction is when a desire or a need is fulfilled. Satisfaction is when a person has nothing to complain about. Someone feels satisfied when they achieve a difficult goal. A person feels satisfied by accomplishment, recognition, invention and service. Someone can feel job satisfaction when they like their work. A person tends to feel satisfied by basic body functions. These can include eating, exercising, hygiene, sex or defecation. Some people feel satisfied when they get revenge for something that hurt them. Satisfaction is related to pleasure, gratification and contentment.

Humans and many other mammals feel satisfaction. Sometimes a person lacks satisfaction. They may feel negative feelings such as , emptiness, boredom or sadness. This is the opposite of satisfaction. It is called . Dissatisfaction occurs when we fail at doing something many times. Dissatisfaction may occur when comparing yourself to another person. This is called social comparison theory. Ongoing dissatisfaction causes , apathy and even depression.

Satisfaction does not occur automatically. Satisfaction is the process of coping with life. Humans are in a constant fight against dissatisfaction. The Dalai Lama spoke about this: 

"When you are discontent, you always want more, more, more. Your desire can never be satisfied. But when you practice contentment, you can say to yourself, "Oh yes—I already have everything that I really need."

If someone slips into total dissatisfaction, they might experience anguish. A person is more likely to be happy and satisfied if they learn how to control their negative experiences and to process positive thoughts. Usually, a person does not share their satisfaction with other people. That is called pride. 

Satisfaction, like all emotions, is a motivator of behavior. Satisfaction is an important part of one's quality of life. In positive psychology, researchers are studying what gives a person satisfaction in life. Delayed gratification is a part of satisfaction. Delayed gratification is when a person chooses long-term rewards over immediate rewards. Delayed gratification is also when a person prioritizes long-term objectives over closer targets. When a person delays gratification, they feel satisfied. 

Psychologists say that life satisfaction and well-being are the two main ingredients of happiness.

Satisfaction is different from happiness. Satisfaction refers to a particular situation or state of mind. Satisfaction is often temporary. Happiness is a prolonged condition. 

Satisfaction is different from hedonism. A hedonist seeks pleasure or enjoyment above everything else. Satisfaction is not about doing things simply to feel pleasure. Satisfaction is not self-indulgent. 



Cruelty

Cruelty is pleasure in causing suffering to other living things or even themselves. Sadism can also be related to this as it means someone really enjoying this. Cruel ways of causing suffering may involve violence.

For example, if a person is drowning and begging for help and another person is able to help with no cost or risk, but watches happily. Bertrand Russell said that "the [causing] of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell."

Desire

Desires is the emotion of someone or something wanting something. This can be similar to "wanting", "wishing", "longing" or "craving". Desires are closely related to agency: they motivate the agent to realize them. People usually desire things that will make them happy or bring them pleasure.

Distrust

Distrust is a way of not trusting any one because it has great risk or deep doubt. The phrase "Trust, but verify" refers specifically to distrust.

Research on high risk settings such as oil platforms, banking, medical surgery, aircraft piloting and nuclear powerplants has seen distrust as the same of failure because of the high consequences.


Enthusiasm

Enthusiasm can mean enjoyment, interest, or approval given by a person. The term is related to playfulness, inventiveness, optimism and high energy.

Sorrow (emotion)

Sorrow is an emotion of sadness. Sorrow worse than sadness because it can last longer. At the same time sorrow has someone admit that they have lost something. It is a normal reaction to something that makes a person mad or when they went through something tragic.

Social connection

Social connection is the experience of feeling close and connected to others. It involves feeling loved, cared for, and valued. Scientists say that it is important for someone to have social connections as it would help them develop a healthier life and reduce the risk of depression or mental illness. 

Feeling socially connected depends on the quality and number of meaningful relationships one has with family and friends.

Shyness

Shyness is the feeling of apprehension, not being comfortable, or awkwardness especially when a person is around other people. This usually happens when someone is doing something or being somewhere they are not used to. This can be seen as the opposite of confidence.

This fear of negative reactions such as being laughed at, humiliated, criticized or rejected can cause a shy person to retreat. Stronger forms of shyness can be known as anxiety.

Acute stress disorder

Acute stress disorder (ASD, also known as acute stress reaction, psychological shock, mental shock, or simply shock) is a psychological response to a terrifying, traumatic, or surprising event. The American Psychiatric Association first introduced it to the fourth edition of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Health Disorders" in 1994. 

Acute stress disorder is not fatal, but it may bring stress if not treated. ASD typically occurs within one month of a traumatic event. It lasts at least three days and can persist for up to one month. People with ASD have symptoms similar to those seen in post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).

Patients with acute stress disorder may benefit from psychological first aid. This offers practical assistance; and helping the patient get social support and other services. 

ASD symptoms fall under five broad categories:


A traumatic event can cause significant physical, emotional, or psychological harm.

Saudade

Saudade (, , , ; plural "saudades") is a deep emotional state of nostalgic or melancholic thinking for something or someone that one cares for and/or loves. It can be caused by someone thinking about something happy, sad or angry from their childhood. It can also bring someone good memories and comfort. "Saudade" is a Galician-Portuguese word that claims no direct translation to English or other languages.

Resentment

Resentment (also called ranklement or bitterness) is an emotion that can mean many things that has been seen as a mixture of disappointment, disgust, anger, and fear.

It can be someone's reaction to injustices or something unfair that has happened in their life. It can also be cause by guilt, someone feeling guilty over something happening that they felt they could have controlled.

Remorse

Remorse is an emotion experienced by an individual who regrets actions which they have done in the past that they see as hurtful, or wrong. Remorse is closely similar to guilt and resentment. 

When a person regrets an earlier action or failure to act, it may be because of remorse or in response to other consequences. People may express remorse through apologies.

Apology (act)

An apology is an expression of regret or remorse for actions, while apologizing is the act of showing regret or remorse. It can be known as saying sorry. The goal of apologizing is generally forgiveness.

Wrongdoing

A wrong (from Old English – 'crooked') is an act that is illegal or immoral. What is wrong can be seen or talked about in laws. They can be seen as crimes or can be seen as someone just having false information.

Boana gladiator

The Cusco gladiator tree frog ("Boana gladiator") is a frog that lives in Peru, in Cusco and Puno. Scientists have seen it between 1097 and 1975 meters above sea level in cloud forests.

The adult male frog is 35.3 to 49.4 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 47.8 to 55.3 mm long. Like other gladiator tree frogs, the male Cusco gladiator tree frog has a spike on each front foot that it uses to fight other males. The female frog lays eggs in streams.

This frog is in danger of dying out. One reason is that human beings cut down the trees in the forests where the frogs live. Another is that the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" infects the frogs. This illness makes their skin thick so the frog cannot let water pass through it. The chemicals in the frog's blood turn bad, and the frog has a heart attack and dies.

Social rejection

Social rejection happens when a person or group of people are not allowed to be part of a interpersonal relationships or social interactions. A person can be rejected by individuals or an entire group of people. This can be caused by bullying and by ignoring a person, or being silent around them.


Social relation

In social science, a social relation or social interaction is any relationship between two or more individuals. They can be both positive (affiliative) and negative (agonistic) interactions, showing opposing effects.

Social relationships are a special case of social relations that can exist without any communication taking place between the actors involved.


Regret

Regret is the emotion of wishing one had made a different decision in the past, because the effect of the decision were not good.

Regret is related to a missed opportunity. Its intensity changes over time after the decision.

Regret is different than remorse because people can regret things beyond their control, but remorse is about a sense of responsibility for the situation. 

Gratification

Gratification is the emotional reaction of happiness because someone had reached or gotten their desire or goal. It is also seen as a response of fulfillment and getting recognition. 

Gratitude

Gratitude, thankfulness, or gratefulness, from the Latin word "gratus" "pleasing, thankful", is a feeling of appreciation felt by and/or similar positive response shown by kindness, gifts, help, favors, or other types of generosity.

It has also been a topic of interest to ancient, medieval and modern philosophers, and is a popular topic for modern day philosophers.

Please

Please is a word used in the English language to show politeness and respect while asking for something. It is short for the phrase "if you please" or "if it please(s) you". In modern days, the phrase is taught to children by their parents as a way to teach politeness. 

Politeness

Politeness is the teaching or acting of good manners so as not to offend others. What is thought to be polite may be different or event rude depending on many cultures.


Some cultures seem to prefer one of these kinds of politeness over the other. In this way politeness is culturally bound.



Rudeness

Rudeness (also called effrontery) is showing disrespect to people or cultures. These have been created by boundaries of normally accepted behavior. 

Forms of rudeness include acting inconsiderate, insensitive, deliberately offensive, impolite, a faux pas, obscenity, profanity and violating taboos such as deviancy. In some cases, an act of rudeness can go so far as to be a crime, for example, the crime of hate speech.

Respect

Respect, also called esteem, is a positive feeling or action shown towards someone or something that are important. It shows a sense of admiration for good or valuable qualities. It is also the process of honoring someone by showing care, concern, or consideration for their needs or feelings.


Outrage (emotion)

Outrage is a strong emotion made up of surprise, disgust, and anger. It can be a reaction to something rude. It comes from old French "ultrage" which means ultra.

Moral outrage is the emotion of outrage experienced in reaction to an injustice.

Injustice

Injustice is a the unfairness of some outcomes. The term may be applied to certain event or situation, or to a larger status quo. It can be seen as the opposite of justice or someone not getting it. The sense of injustice is a universal human feature. It can be seen as an abuse of the justice systems.


Kindness

Kindness is a type of behavior that shows generosity, thinking of another person, or concern for others, without wanting a reward. Kindness was one of the main topics in the Bible. Nietzsche considered kindness and love to be the "most curative herbs" for humans. Many believe that God is the same as kindness. Kindness can help to grow a bond with someone.

Interest (emotion)

Interest is a feeling or emotion that causes attention to focus on an object, event, or process. It can be someone focusing on something because of their curiosity. It can also mean someone liking something.

The emotion of interest does have its own face expression, such as having their pupils grow.

Humiliation

Humiliation is when someone is embarrassed by something, usually in public. It is usually when the person has no pride. It is an emotion felt by a person whose social status have lowered.

Humiliation is currently an active research topic.

Hostility

Hostility is seen as form of emotionally aggressive behavior. In everyday speech it is more commonly used as a synonym for anger and aggression.

Tensions between the two differences of hostility and hospitality has increased in the 21st century. Some physicals forms of hostility can be grinding or gnashing of teeth, the clenching and shaking of fists, and frowning.

International Islamic University Malaysia

The International Islamic University Malaysia (; ), also known as IIUM, is a public university in Malaysia. Its main building is in Gombak, Selangor. It has six other campuses all over Malaysia: two medical-centric campuses and a Centre for Foundation Studies in Gambang, Pahang, two city campuses in Kuala Lumpur, and a language & tourism campus in Pagoh, Johor.

Cranberry juice

Cranberry juice is the liquid juice from cranberries. Cranberry juice sold in stores usually has sugar and water added. Some have other fruit juices.

The terms "cranberry juice cocktail" and "cranberry juice blend" mean products have between 25% and 49% cranberry juice. The rest comes from different fruit juice concentrate (usually peach, grape or raspberry), also having added sugar to improve taste. Low-calorie cranberry juice products contain artificial sweeteners. Cranberry juice is tart due to its mixed content of polyphenols. Those include flavonoids, phenolic acids and anthocyanins. 

Although many people believe that cranberry juice helps prevent urinary tract infections, this is not proven. This was determined by the Cochrane review of clinical research. The scientific panel of the European Food Safety Authority said a cause-and-effect relationship could not be established between cranberry juice and urinary tract infections.

Cranberry juice sold in the USA is 86% water, 26% carbohydrates, and less than 1% fat or protein. A cup of regular (fortified) cranberry juice (248 grams or 8 ounces) has 107 calories. It has vitamin C as an ingredient to preserve freshness. Other micronutrients may be added during manufacturing. Other than vitamin C and folate having more than 10% of the Daily Value, a typical serving of cranberry juice has no micronutrients in significant content.

Cranberry juice is an acidic drink with a pH of about 2.6. Some cranberry juice products have large amounts of sugar used in manufacturing. This makes the drink taste better. Drinking cranberry juice may increase the risk of hyperglycemia and reduced control of blood glucose in people with diabetes or glucose intolerance.

Aker Solutions

Aker Solutions ASA, is an engineering company based in Oslo, Norway. 

The company has operations in Norway.

The company was founded in 1841.

Aker Solutions was known as Aker Kværner until 2008.

On 3 April 2008, the company announced that it was changing its name - to Aker Solutions.

In 2014, Aker Solutions was divided to two companies, Aker Solutions and Akastor.

In 2020, the company merged with Kværner ASA.

1943 Ashford by-election

The 1943 Ashford by-election happened on 10 February 1943. The by-election happened because the current MP, Patrick Spens was made Chief Justice of India. Conservative candidate Edward Percy Smith won the election. Percy Smith won with 69.7% of the vote.

Interior

Interior may refer to:






Salmon burger

A salmon burger is a type of hamburger made from ground or minced salmon in a shape of a patty. The salmon needs something to make it stick together and is easy to overcook which makes it too dry. Salmon burgers are commonly eaten in Alaska as an alternative to beef hamburgers.

Guilded

Guilded is a VoIP, instant messaging and digital distribution platform made and owned by Guilded, Inc. Users can talk by using voice calls, video calls, text messaging, media and files in private chats or as part of communities called "guilds". Guilded runs on Windows, Linux, macOS, Android and iOS. Guilded is mainly focused on competitive gaming and esports. Guilded says that unlike their competitor Discord, they prioritize gaming over general communities, Guilded is made by Guilded, Inc. which has been bought by the Roblox Corporation since August 16, 2021.

Pacific swift

The Pacific swift ("Apus pacificus") is a bird in the Swift family (Apodidae). It has four subspecies. The number of pacific swifts is unknown. They live in East Asia and Oceania.

This bird is medium-sized. its body is 18 to 21 cm long and it is 40-42 cm wide from wingtip to wingtip. Its feathers are mostly black, but it has a band of white feathers on its rear end. Its tail is forked, or split into two pieces. It can fly at least 300 m up in the air. It looks for food over open areas, towns, grasslands or even sand dunes near the ocean. It eats insects that it catches in the air.

The pacific swft has a large range of nearly 10 million square kilometers (3.8 million square miles). These birds live throughout the eastern Asia from the Ob River northeast to Kamchatka and east to the Kuril Islands, Sakhalin and Japan.

The Cassandra Crossing

The Cassandra Crossing is a 1976 disaster thriller movie directed by George Pan Cosmatos, produced by Carlo Ponti and starring his wife Sophia Loren, Richard Harris, Ava Gardner, Martin Sheen, Burt Lancaster, Lee Strasberg and O. J. Simpson. The movie is about a disease-infected Swedish terrorist who infects a train's passengers with the pneumonic plague as they travel across Europe and head to a crumbling arch bridge.

The reviews from the movie critics were very negative. In the movie-review website Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a low score of 30% based on ten reviews.

"The Cassandra Crossing", however, still made money at the box office, which was more than the movie budget. The producers claimed that they covered the production costs of the movie out of Japan alone.

The movie was shot in Switzerland, Czechoslovakia and France.



Mechanical seal

A mechanical seal is a piece of hardware that is used in places where two other pieces of hardware are connected. The idea of the seal is to prevent or limit leakage. Depending on the use case, there are different designs of these seals. Very often, the substance used for sealing is also important.

When water is still dripping from a tap that is closed, this means that the mechanical seal (that should prevent this) is broken.

Bob Boyle

Robert "Bob" James Boyle II (born May 18, 1971) is an American animator whose known for Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!.


 

Verbosity

Verbosity or verboseness is writing or speaking that uses more words to describe something than the amount needed. The opposite of it is plain language. Some teachers don't like verbosity and tell people not to use it. 

Abhay Kumar

Abhay Kumar(Abhay K)(born 1980) is an Indian poet-ambassador. Now he is the Ambassador to Madagascar and Comoros. He has been diplomate in Russia, Nepal and Brazil also. His published books are The Seduction of Delhi, The Eight-Eyed Lord of Kathmandu, The Prophecy of Brasilia, The Alphabets of Latin America. He has edited books like CAPITALS,100 Great Indian Poems,100 More Great Indian Poems, New Brazilian Poems, The Bloomsbury Anthology of Great Indian Poems,The Bloomsbury Book of Great Indian Love Poems. He has translated “Meghaduta” and “Ritusamhara” of Kalidasa into English from Sanskrit.

His Earth Anthem has been translated into over 100 languages.It was played at the United Nations to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Earth Day. He also wrote an anthem for SAARC. He wrote a 'Moon Anthem' to celebrate the success of India's Moon Mission Chandrayaan-2. He also wrote a 'Mars Anthem' and anthems on all the planets in the Solar System.He recorded his poems at the Library of Congress. He received the SAARC Literary Award.He was nominated for the Pushcart Prize in 2013.

He was born in Rajgir in Nalanda district of Bihar. He studied at Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University. He studied Russian language and literature at the Moscow State University, U.S. foreign policy at George Washington University.He can speak Hindi, English, Russian, Nepali, Portuguese,French and Sanskrit.

Kumar has served at the Ministry of External Affairs of India. He also served at the Indian missions in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Kathmandu and Brasilia. He was appointed Director of the Nehru Centre, London in March 2015.He was appointed as India's Deputy High Commissioner to Australia in 2015.He currently serves as India's Ambassador to Madagascar and Comoros. He also proposed International Day of Diplomats on the United Nations Day.

Abhay Kumar's first book was “River Valley to Silicon Valley(2007). He has published eight collections of poetry. Abhay Kumar's poems have appeared in several magazines and literary journals. His poems have also been included in a number of anthologies including A Poem A Day edited by Gulzar (Harper Collins|2020), The Younger Indian Poets edited by Sudeep Sen(Sahitya Akademi|2019), 100 Great Indian Poems (Bloomsbury|2018), and The Himalayan Arc edited by Namita Gokhale (Harper Collins|2018).

Pushcart Prize Nomination-2012

SAARC Literary Award

Asia- Pacific Exellence Award

Pablo P. Garcia

Pablo "Pabling" Paras Garcia (September 25, 1925 – August 18, 2021) was a Filipino politician. He was born in Cebu, Philippines. He was the Governor of Cebu from 1995 until 2004. He was a member of the Philippine House of Representatives from 1987 until 1995 and again from 2007 until 2013.

Garcia died on August 18, 2021 at the age of 95.

Olav Akselsen

Olav Akselsen (28 August 1965 – 17 August 2021) was a Norwegian Labour politician. He was Minister of Petroleum and Energy from 2000 to 2001. He was a member of the Storting from 1989 until 2009. He was born in Stord, Norway.

Akselsen died on 17 August 2021 in Oslo at the age of 55.

Stord

Stord is a municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Sunnhordland. Stord is the 68th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 18,759.


Simão Sessim

Simão Sessim (8 December 1935 – 16 August 2021) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Progressistas Party. In 1979, he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies. He retired in 2019. Sessim was born in Rio de Janeiro. From 1973 until 1977, he was the Mayor of Nilópolis.

Sessim died on 16 August 2021 in Rio de Janeiro from COVID-19, aged 85.

Nilópolis

Nilópolis (, , ) is a municipality in Brazil.

The city was named after Nilo Peçanha, a President of Brazil.

Nilo Peçanha

Nilo Procópio Peçanha (; 2 October 1867 – 31 March 1924) was a Brazilian politician. He was the 7th President of Brazil. He was Governor of Rio de Janeiro State (1903–1906), then elected Vice President of Brazil in 1906.

Afonso Pena

Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena (; 30 November 1847 – 14 June 1909) was a Brazilian politician who served as President of Brazil between 1906 and 1909. He was the first president to die in office. Pena died of pneumonia on 14 June 1909.

Brian P. Burns

Brian Patrick Burns (July 12, 1936 – August 12, 2021) was an American businessman, lawyer and philanthropist. He was a well known leader of the Irish-American community. He collected many pieces of Irish art. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and spent his career both in Boston and San Francisco, California.

In December 2016, then President-elect Donald Trump wanted to nominate Burns as the United States Ambassador to Ireland. However, in June 2017, Burns withdrew his name because of his health.

Burns died on August 12, 2021 in Palm Beach, Florida one month after his 85th birthday.

Texas (1941 movie)

Texas is a 1941 American western movie directed by George Marshall and starring William Holden, Glenn Ford, Claire Trevor, George Bancroft, Addison Richards, Edgar Buchanan, Andrew Tombes, Don Beddoe, Edmund MacDonald. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Töregene Khatun

Töregene Khatun (also Turakina, , ) (d. 1246) was the Great Khatun and ruler of the Mongol Empire from the death of her husband Ögedei Khan in 1241 until her oldest son Güyük Khan became the Great Khan in 1246.

Töregene was from the Naiman tribe. Her first husband was a part of the Merkit clan. Some people say that his name was Qudu (d. 1217), son of Toqto'a Beki of the Merkits. However, Rashid-al-Din Hamadani said her first husband was Dayir Usun of the Merkits. When Genghis conquered the Merkits in 1204, he gave Töregene to Ögedei to be his second wife. Ögedei's first wife Boraqchin had no sons, but Töregene gave birth to five sons, Güyük, Kötän, Köchü, Qarachar, and Qashi (father of Kaidu).

She became more important than all of Ögedei's wives and slowly became a powerful person in court. But Töregene still did not like Ögedei's officials and the rules of the government being managed more by the ruler and lowering tax. Töregene paid for the reprinting of books of Taoist philosophy in North China. Through the power of Töregene, Ögedei made Abd-ur-Rahman a tax farmer in China.

After Ögedei died in 1241, Möge Khatun took power. She was one of Ögedei's widows and she had been one of Genghis Khan's wives before that. With the help of Chagatai and her sons, Töregene took complete power as regent in spring 1242 as Great Khatun. She removed her husband's ministers and made new people she liked ministers. The most important minister was Fatima, a Tajik or Persian woman who was a prisoner of war from the Middle Eastern campaign. She was a Shiite Muslim who was moved from the city of Meshed to Mongolia even though she did not want to.

She tried to put some of Ögedei's main officials in jail. Her husband's chief secretary, Chinqai, and another important person in the government, Mahmud Yalavach, went to her son Koden in North China while an important Turkestani, Masud Begh, ran to Batu Khan in Russia. In Iran, Töregene put Korguz in jail and handed over him to the wife of Chagatai, whose husband was dead, and Korguz he had not agreed with Chagati. The Chagatayid Khan Qara Hülëgü killed him. Töregene made Arghun Aqa of the Oirat as governor in Persia.

She made Abd-ur-Rahman ruler in North China, and Fatima became even more powerful at the Mongol court. This made the rich Mongols into ask for a lot of money for their work.

Töregene was friends with Ögedei's commanders in China. The fighting between the Mongols and the Song soldiers was in Chengdu. Töregene sent people to make peace, but Song put them in prison. The Mongols put Hangzhou in prison and attacked Sichuan in 1242. She then told Zhang Rou and Chagaan (Tsagaan) to attack the Song Dynasty. When they attacked the Song territory, the Song court sent somebody to ceasefire. Chagaan and Zhang Rou went north back to their homes after the Mongols accepted the term.
During the reign of Ögedei, the Seljuks of Rum wanted friendship and gave money Chormaqan every year. Under Kaykhusraw II, however, the Mongols began to pressure the Sultan to go to Mongolia himself, give people whom he put in jail, and accept a Mongol darughachi. Mongol raids began in 1240. The Seljuk Sultan Kaykhusraw made a large army to meet them. The king of Cilician Armenia was required to give 1400 lances and the Greek Emperor of Nicaea 400 lances. Both rulers met the Sultan in Kayseri to talk. The Grand Komnenos of Trebizond gave 200 lances, while the young Ayyubid prince of Aleppo gave 1000 horsemen.In addition to these, Kaykhusraw told the Seljuq army and Turkmen cavalry, though both had been weakened by the Baba Ishak rebellion. However, Baiju and his Georgian helpers defeated them at the battle of Köse Dağ in 1243. After that battle, the Sultanate of Rum, the Empire of Trebizond and the Lesser Armenia quickly declared their allegiance one by one to the Mongol Empire ruled by Töregene Khatun.

The Mongol troops under general Baiju probed the forces of Abbasid Iraq and Ayubid ruled Syria in 1244–46.

She was a powerful person in a society that was usually led only by men. She was able to control the many powers within the empire, and even within the family of Genghis Khan, over a 5-year period in which she not only ruled the empire, but helped her son Güyük as Great Khan become ruler. During Töregene's reign, people arrived from the far away parts of the empire to her capital at Karakorum or to her moving imperial camp. The Seljuk sultan came from Turkey—as did people from the Caliph of Abbasid in Baghdad. So did two people wanting the throne of Georgia: David Ulu, the son of the old king that could not legally take the throne—and David Narin, the son of the same king who could. The highest-ranking European was Alexander Nevsky's father, Grand Prince Yaroslav Vsevolodovich of Vladimir and Suzdal, who died just after eating dinner with Töregene Khatun.

The Mongols practiced polygamy, meaning they married many people each. Ögedei Khan's favorite son was Kochu, who was his son but not Töregene's, rather another wife of his. He had chosen Kochu's son Shiremun to become ruler after him because his father suddenly died in China in 1237. But some sources say that Kochu was a son of Töregene and she did not want Shiremun to succeed. Töregene did not agree the choice in favor of Güyük, but despite the huge influence she had on him, she was not able to make Ögedei to change his mind. She did what she wanted through clever planning and trickery. When the lesser Khans made her regent after her husband died, she gave her favorite people high positions in the imperial household and started what was a good plan to make her son Güyük become ruler. When Temüge Otchigen, the youngest brother of Genghis, made an army and tried to take the throne, though he did not, Güyük quickly came to meet him. Töregene managed to keep a Kurultai from happening until it was sure her son Güyük was liked by the most people. Töregene gave power onto her son Güyük in 1246. She retired west to Ögedei's appanage on the Emil.

Despite her planning in making sure Güyük's election as Khagan, the relationship between Töregene and her son eventually became bad. Güyük's brother Koden said Fatima was using witchcraft to make him sick; when Koden died a few months later, Güyük continuously asked that his mother let Fatima be killed. Töregene threatened her son Güyük that she would commit suicide to spite him. Güyük's men took Fatima and killed her by sewing up her nose, mouth and ears and drowning her; People who helped or liked Töregene in the imperial household were also killed. After 18 months of Fatima's death, Töregene herself died because of unknown reasons. She was later called Empress Zhaoci () after her death by Kublai in 1265-1266.



MacOS Monterey

macOS Monterey is a version of macOS. It was announced at WWDC.

Flight dynamics

Flight dynamics is the study of the performance, stability, and control of things flying through the air or in outer space. It is concerned with how forces that act on the vehicle determine its velocity and altitude with respect to time.

Lema tree frog

The lema tree frog ("Boana lemai") is a frog that lives in Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists have seen it between 600 and 1400 meters above sea level.

Welsh exonyms

The modern Welsh language contains names for many towns and other geographical features in Great Britain and elsewhere. Names for places outside of Welsh-speaking regions are exonyms, not including spelling or pronunciation adaptions and translations of non-proper nouns.

Names in "italics" are dated or obsolete.


Marco the Magnificent

Marco the Magnificent is a 1965 French Italian Egyptian Afghan Serbian adventure movie directed by Denys de la Patellière and starring Omar Sharif, Anthony Quinn, Horst Buchholz, Orson Welles, Akim Tamiroff, Elsa Martinelli, Robert Hossein, Guido Alberti.

Ann Zhang

Ann Zhang (born 21 June 1957) is a retired Chinese short track athlete and coach. She was the coach of the Australian short track team from 1996 to 2014.

Zhang Yuanyuan was born in Beijing on 21 June 1957. 

Zhang, living in Brisbane, Australia, began her coaching career as the junior coach of the New South Wales selection in 1992. Four years later she was promoted to become the Australia national coach. At that time, the country's short track team had already achieved considerable success, including the first medal for Australia at the Winter Olympics, a bronze medal in the relay at the Games in Lillehammer in 1994. After Zhang took over the team, an Australian short tracker was able to finish fourth in the Short Track World Cup in 1996. Zhang achieved her greatest successes as a coach at the Olympic Games. The short track team was successful in the 2002 Games in Salt Lake City. Very surprisingly, Steven Bradbury won the first Winter Olympics gold medal for his country.

2014 Newark by-election

The 2014 Newark by-election was to elect a new MP for the UK Parliament constituency of Newark constituency. The by-election happened on 5 June 2014. The by-election happened because the current MP, Patrick Mercer, decided he didn't want to be MP anymore. Conservative Robert Jenrick won the seat with a 7,403 than the UKIP candidate, who came in second.

The applications for candidates ended at 4pm on Tuesday 13 May. 11 candidates were nominated.

The local Conservative Party chose Robert Jenrick to be their candidate for the seat. Jenrick was a solicitor before this.

Labour chose councillor Michael Payne as their candidate. He was the deputy leader of Gedling Borough Council.

The Liberal Democrats chose David Watts as their candidate. He was leader of Broxtowe Borough Council.

Junaid Babunagari

Muhammad Junaid (popularly known as Junaid Babungari, , 8 October 1953 – 19 August 2021) was a Bangladeshi Deobandi Islamic scholar, educator, writer, researcher, Islamic speaker and spiritual figure. He was the Amir of Hefazat-e-Islam Bangladesh from 2020 until his death. 

His followers called him 'Majlum Janneta', 'Qaed-e Millat' and the 'Uncompromising Sipahsalar'. He went to jail for leading the Hefazat movement in 2013. Babunagari was born in Chittagong, Bangladesh.

Junaid died on 19 August 2021 in Chittagong from a stroke caused by diabetes at the age of 67.

Friday the 13th: The Game

Friday the 13th: The Game is a survival horror video game created by IllFonic, and published by Gun Media. It is based on the movie series of the same name. It was released on May 26, 2017 online and later released on October 13, 2017 as a CD game for PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. 

The game is a multiplayer game where seven players are at Camp Crystal Lake having five minutes to either escape or to simply survive. They have to avoid being killed by Jason Voorhees (where a player can play as him). 

Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Socialist)

The CPN (Unified-Socialist) () is a political party in Nepal. The party was officially announced and registered at Election Commission, Nepal on 18 August 2021. Madhav Kumar Nepal is the coordinator of the new party. As of August 2021, the this party was junior ally in Deuba government.

The President of Nepal issued second amendment on political parties related act on 18 August 2021. This opened the way to formalize the splits inside the dispute between two factions of Janata Samajbadi Party, Nepal and CPN(UML) respectively. The CPN(UML) faction led by Madhav Kumar Nepal, which had a long dispute with CPN(UML) chairman KP Sharma Oli, registered their party by the name 'CPN-UML (Socialist)' with the Election Commission. At the time of the launch of the CPN-UML (Socialist), the party claimed to have 31 members in the two national houses of parliament.

A Central Committee with 95 members was announced as well. Madhav Kumar Nepal would act as the coordinator of the party.

Ludwig Ahgren

Ludwig Anders Ahgren (; born July 6, 1995) is an American Twitch streamer, YouTuber, and esports commentator. He was born in Hollis, New Hampshire. Ahgren is best known for his live streams on Twitch. He is also known for his work as an esports commentator at many "Super Smash Bros. Melee" tournaments. Ahgren has become one of the largest streamers on Twitch. Recently Ludwig has switched to YouTube. Ludwig’s most recent video https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GGBBw44jHVI 

From March 22, 2021 to May 12, 2021, Ahgren was the most subscribed streamer on Twitch.

Height: Ludwig Ahgren is 5 feet, 4 inches tall 

Shinjirō Ehara

He is known for his roles in "Wolves, Pigs and Men" (1964), "Blackmail Is My Life" (1968), "" (1968), "Sleepy Eyes of Death 12: Castle Menagerie" (1969), "Bakumatsu" (1970), "Under the Flag of the Rising Sun" (1972), "Kage Gari" (1972), "Nichiren" (1979) and "Edo Jō Tairan" (1991). He died on 27 September 2022, at the age of 85.


Copywriting

Copywriting is the act of writing persuasive text that is used for advertising and marketing. This is the job of a copywriter. There are seven types of copywriting depending on the field in which the copywriter is to work:



Pam Dawber

Pamela Dawber (born October 18, 1951) is an American actress. She is best known for her lead television sitcom roles as Mindy McConnell in "Mork & Mindy" (1978–1982) and Samantha Russell in "My Sister Sam" (1986–1988).

Lubyanka Building

The Lubyanka (Russian: Лубя́нка, IPA: [lʊˈbʲankə]) is the headquarters of the FSB and a prison on Lubyanka Square in Moscow. It was previously the national headquarters of the KGB; Soviet hammers and sickles can be seen on the building's façade.
Lubyanka was built on the spot where Catherine the Great had once headquartered her secret police.
Lubyanka was originally built in 1898 as the headquarters of the All-Russia Insurance Company. In Soviet days it became the place suspected traitors were taken for interrogation. 

The building became famous as the HQ of the KGB, both in reality and in novels and films. A prison on the ground floor of the building figures prominently in Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's "The Gulag Archipelago". 

This was where, successively, the Cheka, the OGPU, the NKVD and the KGB, did their work.

Walloon Lake, Michigan

Walloon Lake is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Charlevoix County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 271.

Charlevoix, Michigan

Charlevoix ( ) is a city in Michigan. The population was 2,348 at the 2020 United States Census. It is the county seat of Charlevoix County.

Munising, Michigan

Munising is a city in Alger County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,986 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Alger County.

West Caldwell, New Jersey

West Caldwell is a township located in the West Essex area in northwestern Essex County, New Jersey. It is about west of Manhattan and northwest of Newark. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 11,012.

Bellaire, Michigan

Bellaire is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Antrim County.

Monosexism

Monosexism is the belief that monosexuality is superior over other sexual orientations, such as bisexuals, omnisexuals, polysexuals and pansexuals. Some people think that bisexuals are promiscuous.

It describes a specific discrimination that includes biphobia and panphobia as an extension of heterosexism, enforcing androphilia and gynephilia as an strict dichotomy.

Activity

Activity may refer to:


Jonathan Haagensen

Jonathan Sirney Haagensen Cerqueira (born February 23, 1983) is a Brazilian actor, model and singer. He started his career in 2000 in Palace II, a special episode of the series "Brava Gente". He gained national and international fame in 2002 in the film "City of God", acted in some soap operas such as "Da Cor do Pecado" in 2004, "Paraíso Tropical" in 2007 and "Os Mutantes" in 2008. Jonathan is twin brother of actor Phellipe Haagensen. 

Haagensen was born in Rio de Janeiro. 

Monkfruit

The monkfruit, or luohan guo ("Siraitia grosvenorii") is a herbaceous plant from the gourd family. It is native to southern China and northern Thailand. The plant is used to get something called mogroside, which is sweeter than table sugar. It has been used as a low-calorie sweetener for drinks and in traditional Chinese medicine.

The plant is a vine which is about 3-5m long. The narrow, heart-shaped leaves are 10–20 cm long. The fruit is round, 5–7 cm in diameter, smooth, yellow-brownish or green-brownish in color.

The fleshy inside of the fruit is eaten, and the rind is used for making tea. The fruit is mostly known for being very sweet.

Queenborough

Queenborough is a town on the Isle of Sheppey in the Swale borough of Kent in South East England.

Verwood

Verwood is a town and civil parish in eastern Dorset, England.

Ethan Cutkosky

Ethan Francis Cutkosky (born August 19, 1999) is an American actor and singer, best known for his roles as Barto in The Unborn and as Carl Gallagher on the Showtime series Shameless.

Susan Wojcicki

Susan Diane Wojcicki (born July 5, 1968) is an American-Polish business executive who is the former CEO of YouTube. She has been in the tech industry for over 20 years.

Wojcicki was involved in the founding of Google. Wojcicki has previously served as CEO of YouTube from 2014 to 2023.

Wojcicki has an estimated net worth of $580 million.

Wojcicki married Dennis Troper on August 23, 1998, in Belmont, California. They have five children.

In addition to her U.S. citizenship, she is a Polish citizen.

Wojcicki was named #1 on Vanity Fair's "New Establishment" list in 2019.


Cissexism

Cissexism classifies the assumption that everyone is or must be cisgender and the belief that cis people superior over transgender individuals, disregarding other gender modalities and discriminating genderqueer persons.


The Doctor and the Girl

The Doctor and the Girl (also known as Bodies and Souls) is a 1949 American drama movie directed by Curtis Bernhardt and was based on the French novel "Corps et Âmes" by Maxence Van der Meersch. It stars Glenn Ford, Janet Leigh, Gloria DeHaven, Bruce Bennett, Charles Coburn, Warner Anderson, Nancy Reagan and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Microsoft family features

Microsoft family features (also known product name is Microsoft Family Safety and Windows Live Family Safety) was an programmer succesor Parental Controls about in Windows 10 PC, this features has introduced on early 2007 after release Windows Vista. In Windows 7, Microsoft Family Safety has replace is Parental Controls and Windows 8 is Windows Live Family Safety has added in Windows Live Essentials 2012.

The first of Microsoft Family Safety has introduced in January 29 and January 30, 2007, the first day ago after release the personal computer operating system, Windows Vista, which was release next to release Microsoft Family Safety. In February 8, 2007. Microsoft announced that Microsoft Family Safety has running for Windows Vista operating system and has running replace in Parental Controls and Windows Live Messenger. However, in October 25, 2009. Microsoft announced Windows 7 has added Family Safety but was replaced is Parental Controls.

In October 8, 2012. First Windows 8 by Microsoft added Windows Live Family Safety, later. Microsoft Family Safety for all operating system was discontinued on July 27, 2012 and replaced by Windows Live Family Safety. In November 16, 2012. Microsoft introduced Family Safety Center for website, such smillar to Windows Live Family Safety and Microsoft Family Safety. In July 30, 2015. Windows Live Family Safety first added by Windows 10 PC, but nows is discontinued features, replaced for Family Safety Center in Microsoft website.


A Time for Drunken Horses

A Time for Drunken Horses (; , "Zamani barayé masti asbha") is 2000 Iranian movie directed by Bahman Ghobadi and starring Ayoub Ahmadi, Rojin Younessi, Amaneh Ekhtiar-dini, Madi Ekhtiar-dini, Karim Ekhtiar-dini.

Alice Cornelia Thaw

Alice Cornelia Thaw (January 2, 1880 – May 8, 1955) was an American philanthropist.
She succeeded as 7th Marquess of Hertford).

Oceanside, New York

Oceanside is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) located in the southern part of the town of Hempstead. The population was 32,637 at the 2020 census.

Monroe, Washington

Monroe is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States.

Li Hsing

Li Hsing (; 20 May 1930 – 19 August 2021) was a Taiwanese movie director. He directed more than 30 movies between 1959 and 1986. Li was born in Shanghai, China. His best known movies were "Our Neighbors" (1963), "Oyster Girl" (1964), "Beautiful Duckling" (1964), "Execution in Autumn" (1972), "He Never Gives Up" (1978) and "The Heroic Pioneers" (1986).

Li died on 19 August 2021 in Taipei, Taiwan of heart failure at the age of 91.

International Baseball Federation

The International Baseball Federation (IBAF; Spanish: "Federación Internacional de Béisbol", French: "Fédération internationale de baseball") is the former worldwide sports organization recognized by the International Olympic Committee. They were in charge of deciding and executing the policy of the sport of baseball.


Solly Drake

Solomon Louis Drake (October 23, 1930 – August 18, 2021) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Chicago Cubs, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Philadelphia Phillies. His career lasted from 1956 until 1959. Drake and his brother, Sammy, were the first African-American siblings to play in the big leagues. Drake was born in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Drake died on August 18, 2021 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 90.

Sammy Drake

Samuel Harrison Drake (October 7, 1934 – January 27, 2010) was a Major League Baseball second and third baseman. He played two seasons with the Chicago Cubs from 1960 to 1961 and one season with the expansion 1962 New York Mets. Sammy and his brother, Solly, were the first two African-American brothers to play in the modern era of baseball.

After his baseball career ended, he became a government employee for the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and a Sunday school teacher for his brother's church. 

Drake died from cancer at age 75 on January 27, 2010 in Los Angeles, California.

Marek Minda

Marek Stanisław Minda (14 February 1950 – 13 August 2021) was a Polish physician and politician. He was born in Starachowice, Poland. In 1993, he was elected to the Senate of Poland as a member of the Labour Union. Minda left office in 1997.

Minda died on 13 August 2021 in Łomża, Poland at the age of 71.

Łomża

Łomża (), in English known as Lomza, is a city in north-eastern Poland. It is about 150 kilometers (90 miles) to the north-east of Warsaw.

Aimé Halbeher

Aimé Halbeher (16 March 1936 – 3 August 2021) was a French political activist and politician. He was born in Paris, France. He was a member of the Central Committee of the French Communist Party from 1976 until 1987. 

Halbeher died on 3 August 2021 in Paris, aged 85.

Alternatives

Alternative or alternate may refer to:







Raoul Cauvin

Raoul Cauvin (26 September 1938 – 19 August 2021) was a Belgian comics author. He was a very popular comics writer in the Franco-Belgian comics field. He was born in Antoing, Belgium. His best known works were "Les Tuniques Bleues", "Agent 212" and "Les Femmes en Blanc".

In May 2021, Cauvin said he was diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer. He died from the disease on 19 August 2021 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 82.

South East London

South East London can mean:


Innerspace

Innerspace is a 1987 American Portuguese science fiction comedy movie directed by Joe Dante and starring Dennis Quaid, Martin Short, Meg Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Fiona Lewis, Robert Picardo, Vernon Wells, Henry Gibson, Harold Sylvester. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won an Academy Award in 1988.


Ismail Sabri Yaakob

Dato' Sri Ismail Sabri bin Yaakob (Jawi: اسماعيل صبري بن يعقوب; born 18 January 1960) is a Malaysian politician. He was the 9th Prime Minister of Malaysia from 21 August 2021 to 24 November 2022. He was the 13th Deputy Prime Minister from July 2021 to August 2021. He also was the Minister of Defence from March 2020 to August 2021. He has been a member of the Parliament of Malaysia since March 2004.

Urien

Urien often referred to as Urien Rheged or Uriens, was a late 6th-century king of Rheged, an early British kingdom of the Hen Ogledd (today's northern England and southern Scotland). His power and his victories, including the battles of Gwen Ystrad and Alt Clut Ford, are celebrated in the praise poems to him by Taliesin, preserved in the "Book of Taliesin". He became the "King Urien of Gorre" of later Arthurian legend and his son Owain mab Urien was later known as Ywain.
Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia

The deputy prime minister of Malaysia () is the second highest political office in Malaysia. There have been 14 officeholders since the office was created in 1957.

Colour key (for political parties):

Ahmad Zahid Hamidi

Dato' Seri Dr. Ahmad Zahid bin Hamidi (; born 4 January 1953) is a Malaysian politician. He was the 14th Leader of the Opposition from July 2018 to March 2019. From 2015 until 2019, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia.

On 18 October 2018, Zahid was arrested by the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) and charged in court the following day on 45 counts of criminal breach of trust (CBT), abuse of power and money laundering.

On 26 June 2019, Zahid became the subject of 7 new corruption charges. The latest charges brought the total number of outstanding charges to 87.

Ismail Abdul Rahman

Tun Dr. Ismail bin Abdul Rahman (; 4 November 1915 – 2 August 1973) was a Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO). He was the second Deputy Prime Minister from 1970 until his death of a heart attack in 1973. He has been called "the man who saved Malaysia" for his actions as Minister of Home Affairs after the May 13 Incident of racial rioting in 1969.

Abdul Ghafar Baba

Tun Abdul Ghafar bin Baba (; 18 February 1925 – 23 April 2006) was a Malaysian politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1986 to 1993.

On 23 April 2006, he died in Kuala Lumpur from heart and respiratory failure.

Ardhanarishvara

Ardhanarishvara is a form of the Hindu god Shiva joined together with the Hindu goddess Parvati. Ardhanarishvara in statues and drawings is showed as a half-male and half-female.

Fox Series

The Fox Series Channel was a television channel located in the Middle East. It launched in 2008. The channel was relaunched as FOX on March 1, 2011.

Smallskin tree frog

The smallskin tree frog ("Boana microderma") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, and Peru. Scientists think it might also live in Bolivia.

The Rose Tattoo

The Rose Tattoo is a 1955 American comedy-drama movie directed by Daniel Mann and was based on the play of the same name by Tennessee Williams. It stars Burt Lancaster, Anna Magnani, Marissa Pavan, Ben Cooper, Virginia Grey, Jo Van Fleet and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 8 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1956.

Stein Erik Hagen

Stein Erik Hagen is a Norwegian businessman. He is chairman of Orkla. Hagen holds large stakes in the companies Steen & Strøm, Jernia and Komplett. 

According to the magazine Kapital, Hagen has NOK 24 billion. It is making him the second richest person in Norway. 

Stein Erik Hagen was born 22 July 1956. He studied "Kjøpmannsinsituttet."

Together with his father he founded discount store chain called RIMI in the 1970s. In the 2000s he sold RIMI to Swedish companies ICA and Ahold. Most of the money he invested in the Orkla.

At various times he financially supported different parties (Liberal Party, Christian Democratic Party, Conservative Party and Progress Party). 

Orkla

Orkla is a Norwegian conglomerate operating in the Nordic region, Eastern Europe, Asia and the US. Orkla operates in the branded consumer goods, aluminium solutions and financial investment sectors.

It's head office is in Oslo, Norway.

Orkla started out in 1654 with iron mining. In 1929, Orkla became listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day

Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day (), also known in English as "St John the Baptist Day" is an official holiday in the Canadian province of Quebec. It takes place annually on June 24. Although, it is not the official name of this holiday, it is popularly known and called in Quebec, as the "Fête nationale du Quebec" ("National Holiday of Quebec").

Originally a religious day, it was brought to Canada by French settlers in the 1600s, celebrating the traditional feast day of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist. It was declared a public holiday in Quebec in 1925. In 1977, Quebec declared Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day the national day of Quebec.

Other Canadian provinces and territories also have their own official holidays celebrating the foundation of their provinces or territories. Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day differs from them, that it is today celebrated like a national day rather than a religious holiday, because it became highly politicized with the rise of Quebec nationalism and separatism. As a result, the religious symbolism of this day is largely forgotten, and acts as a counter holiday for Quebec nationalists and separatists against Canada Day.

Conglomerate (company)

A conglomerate is company that is made up of businesses in many industries. The businesses work in different industries, so the conglomerate gets its money from many different sources.

Barruelo de Santullán

Barruelo de Santullán is a municipality located in the province of Palencia, Castile and León, Spain.

Alejandro Lamalfa

Alexander Lamalfa Diaz (1947 – 18 August 2021) was a Spanish physician and politician. He was born in Santoña, Spain. He was the Mayor of Barruelo de Santullán from 1990 until 2007 and again from 2011 until 2016. He was also a Senator from 1996 until 2000. Lamalfa was a member of the People's Party.

Lamalfa died on 18 August 2021 in Camargo, Spain at the age of 74.

Camargo, Spain

Camargo (Camargu, in Cantabrian) is a municipality in the province and autonomous community of Cantabria, northern Spain.

Santoña

Santoña is a town in the eastern coast of the autonomous community of Cantabria, on the north coast of Spain.

Paolo Saviane

Paolo Saviane (20 March 1962 – 20 August 2021) was an Italian politician and businessman. He was born in Ponte nelle Alpi, Italy. He was a member of the Lega Nord. He was a member of the Senate of the Republic from 2018 until his death.

Saviane died on 20 August 2021 in Padua, Italy from problems caused by heart surgery, aged 59.

Ponte nelle Alpi

Ponte nelle Alpi (English: "Bridge into the Alps", Venetian: "Pont") is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto. It is about north of Venice.

Gaia Servadio

Gaia Cecilia M. Servadio (13 September 1938 – 20 August 2021) was an Italian-British writer. Her first novel "Tanto gentile e tanto onesta", aka "Melinda", was published in 1967.

Servadio lived in Belgravia, London. She died in August 2021.


Brent Yonts

Brent Yonts (March 21, 1949 – August 20, 2021) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from 1997 until losing his re-election in 2016. Yonts was born in Greenville, Kentucky.

Yonts died from COVID-19 at a hospital in Owensboro, Kentucky, on August 20, 2021, at age 72.

Bone Tomahawk

Bone Tomahawk is a 2015 American horror Western cannibal movie written and directed by S. Craig Zahler. It stars Kurt Russell, Patrick Wilson, Matthew Fox, Richard Jenkins, Lili Simmons, Evan Jonigkeit, David Arquette, and Sid Haig. It had its world premiere on September 25, 2015 and was given a limited release in cinemas on October 23, 2015. The reviews from movie critics were very positive.

The movie is about a small-town sheriff (Kurt Russell) who leads a group of men into a remote desert region to rescue three people who were kidnapped by an extremely violent cannibalistic mute indigenous clan, called the "Troglodytes".

Jill Murphy

Jill Murphy (5 July 1949 – 18 August 2021) was a British children's author and illustrator. She was best known for the "Worst Witch" books and "The Large Family" picture books. She was called as "one of the most engaging writers and illustrators for children in the land".

Murphy died on 18 August 2021 of cancer, aged 72.

Sweet Anita

Sweet Anita (born 28 July 1990) is an English Twitch streamer and YouTuber.

Anita was raised in East Anglia by a single mother before moving to Southwest England. She was diagnosed with a rare form of Tourette's syndrome when she was aged 27.

Anita began streaming on Twitch in 2018. She became well known for playing Overwatch. She became popular for her sudden angry reactions, caused by her tics. Later that year, "Variety" named Anita among the most influential people in video games.

Overwatch

Overwatch is a 2016 team-based multiplayer first-person shooter game created and published by Blizzard Entertainment. It was released for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Windows in May 2016 and released on the Nintendo Switch in October 2019.

"Overwatch" puts players into two teams of six, with each player selecting their a character from a varied selection known as "heroes", with their own unique abilities and powers. The two teams work against each other to complete map-specific jobs within a short time span. Blizzard added new characters, maps, and game modes post-release, all free of charge, with the only additional cost to players being optional loot boxes to purchase cosmetic items.

"Overwatch" is Blizzard's fourth major franchise. Its origins came after a massively multiplayer online role-playing game, "Titan", was cancelled. The developers of the game based it off other first-person shooters, such as "Team Fortress 2". Some elements of Overwatch borrow concepts from the canceled "Titan" project.

A sequel, "Overwatch 2", was announced in 2019, and released on October 4, 2022. 

Friend Like Me

"Friend Like Me" is a song from the 1992 Disney movie "Aladdin". It was sung by Robin Williams in his role as the Genie. The song is also performed by Will Smith in the remake. Many critics believed that the song was the best part of the movie.

It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 65th Academy Awards and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 50th Golden Globe Awards in 1993.

Will Smith version

Let It Go

"Let It Go" is a song from Disney's 2013 animated movie "Frozen". It was written by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez. The song was performed by American actress and singer Idina Menzel in her vocal role as Queen Elsa. It was later released as a single. The song became very popular after the movie was released.

"Let It Go" reached the top five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2014 and the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media in 2015. 

Be Our Guest

"Be Our Guest" is a song written by lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken for Walt Disney Pictures' animated movie "Beauty and the Beast" (1991). It was recorded by American actor Jerry Orbach and English actress Angela Lansbury as Lumière and Mrs. Potts. The movie became popular after the movie was released.

"Be Our Guest" received nominations for both the Golden Globe and Academy Awards for Best Original Song, being performed by Orbach live at the 64th Academy Awards.

"Be Our Guest" has been ranked highly on several "best Disney song" countdown lists.

Friends on the Other Side

"Friends on the Other Side" is a song from the 2009 animated movie "The Princess and the Frog". It was written by Randy Newman and is sung by Keith David, the voice of the movie's villain, Doctor Facilier. It is thought to be one of Disney's best villain songs. The song is inspired by New Orleans and its voodoo culture.

"The Telegraph" called it as a "trippy voodoo number".

Hafu (gamer)

Rumay Wang (born April 18, 1991), better known as Hafu, is an American Twitch streamer. She is known for being a professional "World of Warcraft", "Bloodline Champions" and "Hearthstone" player. Hafu was born in Newton, Massachusetts. She has over 1 million followers on her channel.

She has been a well known critic of sexual harassment in gaming.

In September 2020, Wang began streaming and posting videos of her playing "Among Us", making her popular and the second most-viewed female streamer in the month of November.

Dream (YouTuber)

Clay (born August 12, 1999), better known online as Dream, is an American YouTuber and Twitch streamer. He is known for playing "Minecraft". He is well known for his YouTube series "Minecraft Manhunt". He won a Streamy Award in 2020.

Forsen

Sebastian Hans Eli Fors (born 16 December 1990), known as Forsen, is a Swedish Twitch streamer who is known for playing Starcraft II and "Hearthstone". He is also known for his fans, who call themselves "Forsenboys" or "Forsen Bajs" and have some involvement in making some internet memes popular. In January 2018, a warped image of Fors' face ("forsenE") became the most-used emote on Twitch worldwide.

In late 2020, Forsen began a challenge with fellow streamer xQc to see who can have the fastest Minecraft speedrun. As of March 2023, Forsen has a personal best of 18:10. In May 2023, xQc recorded a personal best of 16:38, 92 seconds faster than Forsen's best time of 18:10.


David Dobrik

David Julian Dobrik (; born 23 July 1996) is a Slovakian-American YouTuber, podcaster, and co-founder of the photography app Dispo. He becames well known for his videos on Vine. He started his vlog on his YouTube channel in 2015. Dobrik was born in Košice, Slovakia.

LilyPichu

Lily Ki (born November 20, 1991), better known by her online alias LilyPichu, is an American internet personality, musician and voice actress. She is a member of OfflineTV. Ki was from New Jersey. Ki was the 5th most watched female Twitch streamer in 2020. Ki first gained popularity in 2011 when her parody song "I'll Quit LoL" went viral on YouTube.

Michael Reeves (Internet personality)

Michael Reeves (born November 20, 1997) is an American YouTuber and Twitch streamer best known for his robotics-focused videos. He is a member of OfflineTV, an online social entertainment group of content creators. He was born in Maui, Hawaii. In December 2019, Reeves had joined OfflineTV, a group Twitch streamers creating content. 

In June 2020, Reeves began streaming on Twitch, where he streams both video games and technology work.

Cr1TiKaL

Charles White Jr. (born August 2, 1994), known online as Cr1TiKaL ( ) or MoistCr1TiKaL ( ), is an American YouTuber, Twitch streamer, and musician. He became popular for his gameplay and commentary videos of many video games on his penguinz0 YouTube channel. He is known for his deadpan comedic video commentaries. 

White Jr. was born on August 2, 1994, in Tampa, Florida.

On January 21, 2021, White won "Best Reaction Face" and "Best YouTube/Social Media Meme" in the Grandayy's Meme Awards 2020.

He is also well known for criticizing other YouTubers, with many channels that he had criticized facing backlash and even deleting their channels.

XChocoBars

Janet Rose (born November 5, 1994), better known by her online name xChocoBars, is a Canadian internet personality and Twitch streamer. She is a content creator for Luminosity Gaming. Rose was born in Toronto. 

In 2018, Rose was one of the four captains of an $100,000 "League of Legends" esports charity tournament alongside Pokimane, LilyPichu, and Kaypea.

She was a finalist for the Twitch Streamer of the Year award at the 11th Shorty Awards.

Scarra

William Li (born November 25, 1989), better known by his alias Scarra, is an American Twitch streamer. He is a former professional "League of Legends" player. He is most well known for playing with Team Dignitas. Li is a co-founder of OfflineTV, an online social entertainment group of content creators.

CouRageJD

Jack Dunlop (born April 23, 1994), also known by his online name CouRageJD, is an American streamer and YouTube personality. Dunlop live streams his gaming plays on the YouTube platform. He is also a content creator and co-owner of 100 Thieves, an Esports team. He was born in New Jersey. He is also known for appearing in some Ariana Grande music videos because of their online friendship.

Bretman Rock

Bretman Rock Sacayanan (born July 31, 1998), is a Filipino beauty influencer and social media personality. He is from Honolulu, Hawaii. He is known for his YouTube and Vine videos. Rock is known for making makeup tutorials and his comedic views on life.

In 2021, Rock starred in his own reality TV show titled "MTV Following: Bretman Rock". He is openly gay.

Rytro

Rytro (, "Rytro") is a village in Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is around south of Nowy Sącz and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.

Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier

Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in northwest France.

The Iron Superman

The Iron Superman also known as "Roboter Der Sterne" in Germany and Spain in "Mazinger-Z, el robot de las estrellas" an Taiwanese science-fiction action comedy mecha film directed by Ting Hung-Kuo. an obvious footage from the Japanese mecha television series "Super Robot Mach Baron" over these scenes.

Tien Yu piloting Iron Superman from KSS Team battle with the killer robots by Coordinator. 


Michel Le Flochmoan

Michel Le Flochmoan (6 October 1951 – 10 August 2021) was a French footballer and manager. He was known for coaching CS Sedan Ardennes and R.E. Virton, as well as Jeunesse Esch. He also coached F91 Dudelange. He was coach of FC Differdange 03 from 2012 to 2014. His playing career lasted from 1973 until 1984. His managing career lasted from 1983 until 2016. Le Flochmoan was born in Blagny, France.

Le Flochmoan died on 10 August 2021 in Blagny from cancer, aged 69.

Fayence

Fayence is a commune of 5,765 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

2001–02 Arsenal F.C. season

The 2001–02 season was the 104th season of competition football played by Arsenal. In the season beforehand, Arsenal had been the FA Cup finalists. Arsenal won the Premier League by seven points. They didn't lose away from home. Arsenal scored in every league game. They lost only three times in the season. All of the times when they lost was when they were playing at home. Arsenal won against Chelsea 2–0 to win the 2002 FA Cup Final. 

In the transfer window, Arsenal sold a few players. This included Nelson Vivas to Internazionale and Sylvinho to Celta Vigo. Goalkeeper John Lukic was let go from the club after he decided he wanted to retire. Arsenal bought midfielder Giovanni van Bronckhorst and striker Francis Jeffers. They bought the players from Rangers and Everton.

Manager Arsène Wenger was made Manager of the Year. Freddie Ljungberg was made Player of the Year. Thierry Henry scored the most goals in the Premier League. He was awarded the Premier League Golden Boot because of this.

Languages of New Zealand

New Zealand has three official languages; English, Māori and New Zealand Sign Language. In 1987, the Māori Language Act made the Māori language the second official language of New Zealand. It also formed the Māori Language Commission (Māori: "Te Taura Whiri o te Reo Māori", often shortened to "Te Taura Whiri").

English is the primary language of New Zealand. The 10 most common languages other hand English are listed below. Please note that the statistics may not be 100% accurate, as people could report speaking more than one language.

10 (movie)

10 is a 1979 American romantic comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Dudley Moore, Julie Andrews, Bo Derek, Robert Webber, Dee Wallace, Brian Dennehy. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1980.


Hurricane Grace

Hurricane Grace was a very strong Category 3 Atlantic hurricane in the western Bay of Campeche. Grace intensified into a major hurricane on the evening of August 21, 2021. The storm was predicted to move into eastern Mexico near Veracruz state late Friday night August 20 or early Saturday morning August 21. 

Before moving toward Mexico, Grace came ashore near Barahona in the southwest Dominican Republic as a strong tropical depression in the early afternoon of Monday, August 16. The storm brushed Haiti the following day. This interfered with the rescue operation after the then-recent earthquake that struck the country three days before. Just before 2am Atlantic Standard Time on August 17, Grace intensified back to a tropical storm 

Grace made its first Mexican strike in Quintana Roo near Tulum on the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula on the morning of Thursday, August 19 with winds near eighty miles per hour around 4:45 am Central Daylight Time. This was after a hurricane-related flight finding winds in the storm just beyond tropical storm-force. Eleven hours after that classification, Grace began moving over Jamaica. It struck at Annotta Bay in Saint Mary Parish on the northeastern region of that island in the late morning of August 17. The winds were near 50 miles per hour when the storm struck the island.

When the storm traveled into the Caribbean late on August 17, it began getting stronger. Grace rapidly organized while it passed south of the Cayman Islands. The following day, August 18, Grace was classified as a Category 1 hurricane right before 11am Eastern Daylight Time that Wednesday morning.


William Thaw Sr.

William Thaw Sr. (October 12, 1818 – August 17, 1889) was an American businessman.

He made his business chance in transportation and banking.

Mary Sibbet Copley

Mary Sibbet Copley Thaw (June 19, 1843 – June 9, 1929) was an American philanthropist. 
She spent most of her life in charitable works.

Children's rights

Human rights apply to everyone, they also apply to children. Children also have other rights, which are related to them being vulnerable while they grow up. These rights are usually called Children's rights. They are provided by different treaties, such as the Hague Protection of Minors Convention, of 1961. Most countries have ratified these treaties. This means that they are part of international customary law: They apply to all children, in all countries; even in those countries which haven't ratified the treaties.
United Nations educational guides for children classify the rights outlined in the Convention on the Rights of the Child as the "3 Ps": Provision, Protection, and Participation.

They are:

In a similar fashion, the Child Rights International Network (CRIN) categorizes rights into two groups:

Amnesty International openly advocates four particular children's rights, including the end to children being imprisoned without parole, an end to the recruitment of children as soldiers, ending the death penalty for people under 21, and raising awareness of human rights in the classroom.

Human Rights Watch, an international advocacy organization, includes child labour, juvenile justice, orphans and abandoned children, refugees, street children and corporal punishment.
Scholars usually look at individual rights. The following rights "allow children to grow up healthy and free":



Puromycin

Puromycin is an antibiotic protein synthesis inhibitor. 

It causes premature chain termination during translation in the ribosome. Puromycin is used in cell biology as a selective agent in cell culture systems. It is toxic to prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.

Puromycin is an example of a eukaryotic selection compound. These are compounds which are used in biological research to select for cells/organisms that carry the appropriate resistance gene for the compound.

Self-ownership

Self-ownership is a term which was first used in anarchism. It is the idea that a person has the right to decide about his or her own body, and about his or her way of life. It is also used to say that people have the right to keep what they earn through work (unless they made a contract to give it to someone else). The word was first used at the end of the 19th century. It was also used in other kinds of philisophy.

Bodily integrity is a direct consequence of self-ownership. 

Boana diabolica

Boana diabolica is a frog that lives in Brazil and French Guiana.

This frog has bright red color on parts of its legs and all four feet.

Southern brown kiwi

The southern brown kiwi or tokoeka ("Apteryx australis") is a bird in the family Apterygidae. It lives in New Zealand. This bird does not fly. It runs on the ground.

The southern brown kiwi is about 45 cm long. The adult male kiwi weighs about 2.4 kilograms and the adult female weighs about 3.1 kilograms. The birds living on Stewart Island are the largest. It has red-brown feathers and no tail. It has a long, curved beak. The nostrils are at the end of the beak and not up at the top near the rest of its face.

The southern brown kiwi lives in forests, scrublands, grasslands and up in hills below the Alpine zone.

Before human beings came to New Zealand, tokoeka lived in many parts of the southern and eastern part of the South Island as far north as North Canterbury.

Most southern brown kiwis hide during the day in burrows, areas with plants or hollow trees and look for food at night, but others look for food during the day. They walk along the ground and tap their beaks against it. They eat animals without bones, for example earthworms, insect larvae, centipedes, spiders and weta. Kiwis fight each other over good places to find food.

The kiwi's closest relative is the elephant bird. It lived in Madagascar long ago. Its closest living relatives are the emu and cassowary.

Both male and female southern brown kiwi sit on the eggs in the nest. Sometimes other adult kiwi will help too.

Before human beings came to live in New Zealand, the southern brown kiwi lived all through the south and east of New Zealand's South Island. There are fewer southern brown kiwi today because human beings change the places where they live and because dogs, cats, stoats and other introduced species eat them. To save the southern brown kiwi, some humans take their eggs and chicks and raise them on islands where there are no stoats.

There are two or three subspecies of southern brown kiwi: Everyone agrees that the Fiordland tokoeka ("A. a. australis") and the Stewart Island tokoeka ("A. a. lawryi") are subspecies. Scientists do not think that the Haast tokoeka ("A. a. Haast") is a real subspecies, but the people trying to keep the birds alive decided it was easier to save the birds if they acted as if it were a third subspecies.

For years, historians disagreed about where Western scientists found the first kiwi specimen, meaning the first dead kiwi that they brought back to universities for study. The first speciimen is usually the one scientists use as a holotype. The holotype is the individual plant or animal that scientists use for the first formal scientific writeup of a species.

George Shaw from the British Museum wrote the first paper about the kiwi in 1813 in his group of books "Vivarium naturae". A friend had brought him the kiwi skin. The friend got it from a ship captain named Andrew Barclay. He was captain of a fighting ship and prisoner transport ship called the "Providence". It wasn't clear exactly where the ship captain got it.

In 2019, scientists took a tiny piece of the kiwi skin and did DNA analysis. They found the dead kiwi was most closely related to kiwis from Rakiura, an island south of New Zealand's South Island.

Phyllomedusa

Phyllomedusa is a genus of tree frogs in the family Phyllomedusidae. These frogs live in tropical and subtropical South America and Panama. There are 16 species in this genus.

Some "Phyllomedusa" frogs make a waxy substance that stops water from leaving their bodies through their skins. If the frogs begin to dry out, they spread the waxy substance over their skin.

These frogs put their eggs on leaves above water. They put jelly next to the eggs. Then the frogs fold the leaves around the eggs with their legs. The jelly acts as a plug so the eggs do not fall out. When the tadpoles hatch, the jelly turns to liquid and the tadpoles fall through into the water below.

Most of these species are in "Phyllomedusa", but some scientists say some of these frogs should be in "Pithecopus" instead.


Scientists used to put some other frogs in "Phyllomedusa", but now they put them in other phyllomedusid genera: "Callimedusa" and "Pithecopus".


Tom Tugendhat

Thomas Georg John Tugendhat (born 27 June 1973) is a British Conservative Party politician. He was the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee from 2017 to 2022. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tonbridge and Malling since 2015. Tugendhat worked in the British Army until 2013. In September 2022, he became the Minister of State for Security in the Liz Truss government.

He is the nephew of another Conservative politician, Christopher Tugendhat, Baron Tugendhat. After going to St Paul's School, London, Tugendhat was educated on Theology at the University of Bristol. He then did a Masters in Islamic studies at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. He learnt Arabic in Yemen.

Tugendhat holds both British and French citizenship. His wife is a French judge, and his father-in-law is a French foreign affairs worker. Tugendhat is a Catholic. He has Jewish ancestry.

On 6 July 2003, Tugendhat joined the Territorial Army branch of British Army. He joined as a second lieutenant. He moved to the Intelligence Corps on 29 July 2003.

He was promoted to lieutenant on 16 July 2005. He was made captain on 1 April 2007 and to major on 1 January 2010.

Tugendhat served in the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan. He helped the Foreign Office in Afghanistan. Tugendhat helped set up the National Security Council of Afghanistan and the government in Helmand Province.

Tugendhat was elected as the Member of Parliament for Tonbridge and Malling. Tonbridge and Malling is a safe Conservative seat in Kent. He was elected in the 2015 General Election.

In October 2015, Tugendhat said Iran gave guns to Iraq and Afghanistan. He said they helped terrorists.

Tugendhat supported remaining in the European Union in the 2016 referendum. He supported the exit agreement that Theresa May's government agreed on.

Tugendhat is a supporter of Israel. He opposed the United Nations Security Council. In January 2017, he wrote that the Israeli–Palestinian conflict "doesn't matter". He said that it shouldn't be important than other disputed areas.

On 21 May 2018, the Foreign Affairs Committee published a report on Russian corruption and the UK. This got attention from President Vladimir Putin and his allies. to launder assets through London, and called on the UK Government to "show stronger political leadership in ending the flow of dirty money into the UK". The report criticised the law firm Linklaters. They did this because Linklaters didn't want to give evidence to the committee.

On 29 May 2018, Tugendhat showed his views on British foreign policy in a speech at the Royal United Services Institute. He supported giving the Foreign and Commonwealth Office more powers.

Tugendhat went to the 30 May–2 June 2019 Bilderberg Meeting in Montreux, Switzerland.

After the December 2019 general election, Tugendhat said the antisemitism he had experienced during the campaign was bad.

After the Fall of Kabul in August 2021, Tugendhat said the event in "The Times" as Britain's "biggest foreign policy disaster since Suez". On 18 August, Tugendhat was applauded after giving a powerful speech in the House of Commons. He spoke about his past in the military. He said that he felt that this was defeat.

In April 2020, Tugendhat founded the China Research Group alongside fellow Conservative MP Neil O'Brien.

Tugendhat was one of five MPs to be punished by China for spreading what it called "lies and disinformation" about the country. He was banned from going to China, Hong Kong and Macau.

In July 2022, Tugendhat announced his candidacy for Leader of the Conservative Party to replace Boris Johnson in the leadership election. However, he was eliminated in the third round of voting on 18 July 2022.

Coltan

"

Coltan or tantalite (short for columbite–tantalites) is a valuable mineral.

It is a dull black metallic ore from which the elements niobium and tantalum are got.

Tantalum from coltan is used to make tantalum capacitors which are used for mobile phones, personal computers, automotive electronics, and cameras. Coltan mining is widespread in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Speaking Moistly

"Speaking Moistly" is a remix song of a speech by Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau. The song was edited by Brock Tyler, known on YouTube as anonymotif. The song uses Trudeau's words from a discussion with the media about the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada. The quote "speaking moistly" means respiratory droplets that go out the mouth when someone speaks. These can sometimes spread COVID-19.

Bitz &amp; Bob

Bitz & Bob is a British-Canadian children’s animated television series that aired on CBeebies.

A problem-solving older sister, Bitz, and her younger brother, Bob, love making things, imaginary adventures and engineering. They explore their love of science, technology, engineering, art and math to invent ways to save the day.

Hurricane Henri (2021)

Hurricane Henri (pronounced "ohn-REE") was an Atlantic hurricane in August 2021. The hurricane threatened Long Island in southeastern New York State and southern New England. Henri threatened being the first hurricane to move across Long Island since Hurricane Gloria in September 1985 and into New England since Hurricane Bob just over thirty years earlier.

Henri was first classified by the National Hurricane Center as Tropical Depression Eight around 11:00 pm Atlantic Standard Time on August 16. Later that day, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Henri. 

Tropical storm and hurricane notices were put into effect over Long Island, northeastern New Jersey and southern New England. The first such notices extended from Newark and New York City eastward to near Martha's Vineyard and Woods Hole on Cape Cod in southeast Massachusetts.

The state governors of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York and Connecticut put states of emergency into effect in advance of the hurricane moving into these areas. The storm was reminiscent of Hurricane Sandy almost nine years earlier (Sandy struck land near Brigantine and Atlantic City in southeast New Jersey). The winds, however, extended almost a thousand miles from the storm's center. Hurricane-force winds from Sandy also affected the New York City and Long Island areas.

Henri was forecast to strengthen before moving across Long Island and into New England on August 22.


Bukayo Saka

Bukayo Ayoyinka T. M. Saka (born 5 September 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger, left-back or midfielder for club Arsenal and the England national team.

Saka was born in Ealing, Greater London to Nigerian parents, and went to the Edward Betham Church of England Primary School before Greenford High School, where he gained high grades in his GCSEs. Prior to joining Arsenal, Saka played youth football for local club Greenford Celtic. His parents moved to London from Nigeria as migrants.

His name "Bukayo" comes from the Yoruba language spoken in southern Nigeria, meaning "adds to happiness".

Saka had played for the youth teams of Watford. He joined Arsenal's Hale End academy at the age of seven. Once he turned 17 years old, Saka was given a contract by Arsenal and moved up to the under-23 side.

On 29 November 2018, Saka made his first senior appearance for Arsenal in their Europa League match against Vorskla Poltava.

Saka scored his first senior goal on 19 September, against German side Eintracht Frankfurt in the UEFA Europa League. He also finished the match with two assists in a 3–0 win. Saka was rewarded for his efforts in Germany with his first Premier League start, in a 3–2 home win over Aston Villa.

On 1 July 2020, Saka signed a new long-term contract with Arsenal.

On 15 April, Saka scored a goal and helped Arsenal to a 4–0 victory over Slavia Prague in the quarter final of the Europa League. Because of this, he was named as the Europa League Player of the Week.

Saka represented England at under-16, under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-21 level.

On 1 October, Saka was called up to the England senior squad for the first time, and made his international debut as one of the starters in a 3–0 victory over Wales.

On 1 June 2021, he was named in the 26-man squad for UEFA Euro 2020. On 2 June 2021, in a friendly against Austria, Saka scored his first senior international goal, the only goal in a 1–0 win. He started in England's third Euro 2020 group stage match on 22 June 2021 against the Czech Republic, and was named the man of the match. On 11 July 2021, in the tournament final against Italy, Saka was brought on as a substitute for Kieran Trippier. Following full time and extra time, Saka was chosen to take the team's fifth penalty during the following shoot-out, his first penalty kick at senior level. Saka's shot was saved by goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma and, as a result, Italy won the shoot-out and the tournament. Saka faced racist abuse online after missing the penalty.

Arsenal

England

Individual


Victoria B. Mars

Victoria B. Mars (born 1956/1957) is an American billionaire and businesswoman. 
She was the chairman of Mars, Incorporated.

The Song of Names

The Song of Names is a 2019 Canadian German Hungarian British mystery drama movie directed by François Girard and was based on the novel of the same name by Norman Lebrecht. It stars Tim Roth, Clive Owen, Stanley Townsend, Eddie Izzard, Saul Rubinek, Gerran Howell.

Brooklyn Center, Minnesota

Brooklyn Center is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Corcoran, Minnesota

Corcoran is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Crystal, Minnesota

Crystal is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Edina, Minnesota

Edina is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Excelsior, Minnesota

Excelsior is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Golden Valley, Minnesota

Golden Valley is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Greenwood, Minnesota

Greenwood is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Independence, Minnesota

Independence is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Long Lake, Minnesota

Long Lake is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Loretto, Minnesota

Loretto is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Maple Grove, Minnesota

Maple Grove is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Maple Plain, Minnesota

Maple Plain is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Medicine Lake, Minnesota

Medicine Lake is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Medina, Minnesota

Medina is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Newton, Mississippi

Newton is a city in Newton County, Mississippi, United States.

The Unlimited Dream Company

The Unlimited Dream Company is a novel written by  J. G. Ballard, It was published in 1979. The novel was selected for the John W. Campbell Memorial Award in 1980.

Branimals

Branimals () is a 2009 Brazilian animated movie. It is directed by Paulo Munhoz. It stars Marino Junior, Mário Schoemberger, Renet Lyon, Fabíula Nascimento and Michelle Pucci.


Impact Pictures

Impact Pictures is an Canadian independent movie production company, founded in earlier 2001 by Jeremy Bolt and Paul W. S. Anderson. Alongside from Anderson's movie projects (including the "Resident Evil" movie series) the company has also been involved in a number of TV and independent productions.

The company has also collaborated with several larger studio, most frequently by Davis Films, Constantin Films, and Screen Gems.



Death Race (2008 movie)

Death Race is an 2008 American dystopian action thriller movie written and directed by Paul W. S. Anderson.

Though reffered to 1975 movie "Death Race 2000" (which is directed by Ib Melchior's short story "The Racer"), in reviews and marketing materials. Athought, this is became as the prequel movie.

The movie starring by Jason Statham, Tyrese Gibson, Ian McShane and Joan Allen.

The film was followed by four sequels; Death Race 2 (2010), (2013), and Death Beyond Anarchy (2018).

Marie, Princess of Liechtenstein

Marie (born Countess Marie Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau; 14 April 1940 – 21 August 2021) was the Princess of Liechtenstein as the wife of Prince Hans Adam II. She was a member of the House of Kinsky.

On 18 August 2021 Princess Marie suffered a stroke. She died three days later in a hospital in Grabs, Switzerland, at the age of 81.

Johann II, Prince of Liechtenstein

Johann II (; 5 October 1840 – 11 February 1929), also known as Johann II the Good ("Johann II der Gute"), was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1858 and 1929. His reign of 70 years and 91 days is the third-longest of any monarch in European history.

Daniel Risch

Daniel Risch (born 5 March 1978) is a Liechtensteiner politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein since 2021. He was the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Infrastructure, Economic Affairs and Sports from 2017 to 2021.

Middlemost Post

Middlemost Post is an animated comedy television series created by John Trabbic III and developed by Dave H. Johnson and Trabbic III that premiered on Nickelodeon on July 9, 2021. The final episode aired on Nicktoons on October 21, 2022.

Parker J. Cloud, a former raincloud, his friend Angus, and pet walrus Russell deliver mail all across Mount Middlemost.



On June 16, 2020, it was announced that Nickelodeon had ordered the series from "SpongeBob SquarePants" storyboard director, John Trabbic III. The 20-episode series is produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio, with work being done remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. The animation is done by Yowza! Animation in Canada. On March 18, 2021, it was revealed via Nickelodeon's 2021 upfront show that the series would premiere in July 2021. On June 17, 2021, it was announced that the series would premiere on July 9, 2021, and the first trailer for the series was released.

Kostas Triantafyllopoulos

Konstantinos "Kostas" Triantafyllopoulos (; 8 February 1956 – 21 August 2021) was a Greek actor. He was born in Athinaio, Greece. His career began in 1976. He was known for his roles on Greek tragedy plays and "Symmathites", "Peninta Peninta" and "Kaneis de leei s' agapo".

He was also known for voice dubbing Disney characters such as Pete in Mickey Mouse, Tigger in "Winnie the Pooh", Mr. Potato Head in "Toy Story", Don Carlton in "Monsters University", Cogsworth in the "Beauty and the Beast", Django in "Ratatouille" and Dr. Jumba Jookiba in "Lilo & Stitch".

Triantafullopoulos died on 21 August 2021 in Athens, Greece at the age of 65.

Guy Sansaricq

Guy A. Sansaricq (October 6, 1934 – August 21, 2021) was a Haitian-born American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Brooklyn, New York from 2006 to 2010. He was born in Jérémie, Haiti.

Sansaricq died on August 21, 2021 in New York City, aged 86.

Nicoletta Orsomando

Nicoletta Orsomando (born Nicolina Orsomando; 11 January 1929 – 21 August 2021) was an Italian television personality. She was the first Italian announcer to appear on television. She presented a program for children, a documentary about the "Encyclopædia Britannica". In 2010, she participated in the variety show on Rai 1 "Insegnami a sognare".

Orsomando died at a hospital in Rome on 21 August 2021, at the age of 92.

Casapulla

Casapulla (Campanian: ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania.

Thad McClammy

Thad McClammy (October 22, 1942 – August 21, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was born in Beatrice, Alabama. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1994 until his death.

McClammy died on August 21, 2021, in Atlanta, Georgia at age 78.

Karolina Kaczorowska

Karolina Kaczorowska (born name: Karolina Mariampolska; 26 September 1930 – 21 August 2021) was a Polish academic. She was the widow of Ryszard Kaczorowski, the last President of Poland in exile. She was the First Lady from 1989 until 1990. Kaczorowska was born in Stanisławów, Poland.

Kaczorowska in London on 21 August 2021 at the age of 90.

Frances Shand Kydd

Frances Ruth Shand Kydd (later Spencer; "née" Roche; 20 January 1936 – 3 June 2004) was the mother of Diana, Princess of Wales. Shand Kydd was the maternal grandmother for Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex. The earlier became the second in the line of succession to the British throne. The latter was the sixth in line of succession.

On 1 June 1954, Shand Kydd married John Spencer, Viscount Althorp (later the 8th Earl Spencer), at Westminster Abbey. Queen Elizabeth II and other members of the royal family attended the wedding ceremony. She was 18 years old and became the youngest woman wed in Westminster Abbey in the last five decades.

They had five children:

Shand Kydd was born in the Sandringham village of Norfolk County in eastern England. She died almost five months after her 68th birth following long illnesses. They included Parkinson's disease and brain cancer. Shand Kydd was inside her home in Seil, one of the Slate Islands in Scotland when she died.

Rudolf Edlinger

Rudolf Edlinger (20 February 1940 – 21 August 2021) was an Austrian politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria. He was the Finance Minister from 1997 until 2000. He was the president of the football club SK Rapid Wien between 2001 and 2013. He was born in Vienna.

Edlinger died on 21 August 2021 in Vienna at the age of 81.


Paul Muegge

Paul Muegge (September 28, 1936 – August 16, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Oklahoma Senate from the 20th district from 1990 to 2002. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Muegge was born in Lamont, Oklahoma.

Muegge died on August 16, 2021, in Tonkawa, Oklahoma at age 84.

James W. Loewen

James William Loewen (February 6, 1942August 19, 2021) was an American sociologist, historian, and author. He was best known for his 1995 book, "Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong". He was born in Decatur, Illinois. Loewen worked at the University of Vermont and The Catholic University of America.

Loewen died on August 19, 2021 at a hospital in Bethesda, Maryland from bladder cancer at the age of 79.

Istriot language

Istriot is a Romance language, spoken in Istria. Today, Istria is part of Croatia. Croatian is a Slavic language. There are only few speakers left. They live around the cities/villages of Rovinj (Rovigno), Vodnjan (Dignano), Bale (Valle), Fažana (Fasana), Galižana (Gallisana), Ližnjan (Lissiano) and Pula (Pola). The Istriot language is different from the Istriot dilect of the Venetian language. The language is mostly used for speaking; in writing, Italian is used. From the forms of the language, Istriot is between Italian, and the Eastern Romance languages, most notably the extinct Dalmatian language.
No exact figures exist, but probably there are less than 1000 speakers left.

Its speakers do not call the language Istriot, they use the name of the place where they live, so they mights speak about Rovignano for example.

Dumb

Dumb is a word which describes a human state:


Blondie Plays Cupid

Blondie Plays Cupid is a 1940 American crime comedy movie directed by Frank R. Strayer and is the seventh movie in the "Blondie" series. It stars Penny Singleton, Arthur Lake, Irving Bacon, Glenn Ford, Larry Simms, Jonathan Hale, Luana Walters, Spencer Charters and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Tom T. Hall

Thomas T. Hall (May 25, 1936 – August 20, 2021) was an American country music singer-songwriter, musician, novelist, and short-story writer. He wrote 12 No. 1 hit songs such as "Harper Valley PTA" and "I Love".

Hall died at his home in Franklin, Tennessee, on August 20, 2021.

Daryl Dixon

Daryl Dixon is a fictional character from "The Walking Dead".

Igor Vovkovinskiy

Igor Vovkovinskiy ( (aka "Igor Ladan") September 18, 1982 – August 20, 2021) was a Ukrainian-American law student, interviewee and actor. He was best known for being the tallest person living in the United States until his death. He was tall. He was raised in Rochester, Minnesota. Vovkovinskiy was born in Bar, Vinnytsia Oblast.

Vovkovinskiy's height was caused by a tumor pressing on his pituitary gland, causing his body to have released large amounts of growth hormone. 

In 2019, Vovkovinskiy was diagnosed with heart disease. He died on August 20, 2021 in Rochester, aged 38.

Adams, Massachusetts

Adams is a town in northern Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 8,166 at the 2020 census.

Michael Morgan (conductor)

Michael Morgan (September 17, 1957 – August 20, 2021) was an American conductor. He was music director of the Oakland East Bay Symphony and the Sacramento Philharmonic Orchestra. He was also the artistic director of Festival Opera in Walnut Creek, California. 

Morgan was born in Washington, D.C. He was openly gay. Morgan died on August 20, 2021 at the age of 63.

Standish, Michigan

Standish is a city in Michigan. The population was 1,458 at the 2020 United States Census. It is the county seat of Arenac County.

Over the Garden Wall

Over the Garden Wall is an American animated television miniseries created by Patrick McHale for Cartoon Network. The series is about two half-brothers who travel across a mysterious forest to find their way home. The show is based on McHale's animated short movie "Tome of the Unknown".

It stars Elijah Wood and Collin Dean voices of Wirt and Greg, and Melanie Lynskey voices Beatrice, a bluebird. The series' voice cast also includes Christopher Lloyd, Tim Curry, John Cleese and Samuel Ramey. 

"Over the Garden Wall" was broadcast throughout the week of November 3 to November 7, 2014.

L'Anse, Michigan

L'Anse ( ) is a village in northwest Michigan, United States, and the county seat of Baraga County. The population was 1,874 at the 2020 census. The village is located within L'Anse Township.

L'Anse Township, Michigan

L'Anse Township is a civil township of Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the township population was 3,551.

Beulah, Michigan

Beulah is a village in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Benzie County. The population was 313 at the 2020 census. It is located in Benzonia Township.

Benzonia Township, Michigan

Benzonia Township is a civil township of Benzie County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the township population was 2,734.

Benzonia, Michigan

Benzonia is a village in Benzie County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 551 at the 2020 census.

Cruella (movie)

Cruella is a 2021 American crime comedy movie based on the character Cruella de Vil from Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians". The movie is directed by Craig Gillespie. Emma Stone stars as the title character, with Emma Thompson, Joel Fry, Paul Walter Hauser, Emily Beecham, Kirby Howell-Baptiste, and Mark Strong in supporting roles. 

The movie is set in London and is about Estella Miller, a rising fashion designer and shows how she becomes the villainous Cruella de Vil.

"Cruella" was released in the United States theatrically and on Disney+ on May 28, 2021.

Coldwater, Michigan

Coldwater is a city in Coldwater Township, Branch County, Michigan, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 13,822. It is the county seat of Branch County.

Coldwater Township, Branch County, Michigan

Coldwater Township is a civil township of Branch County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3,406 at the 2020 census. 

Coldwater Township, Isabella County, Michigan

Coldwater Township is a civil township of Isabella County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 801 at the 2020 census.

Cheboygan, Michigan

Cheboygan ( ) is a city in Michigan. As of the 2020 United States census, the city population was 4,770. It is the county seat of Cheboygan County.

Grayling, Michigan

Grayling ( ) is the only city and county seat of Crawford County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,867 at the 2020 census.

Grayling Charter Township, Michigan

Grayling Charter Township is a charter township of Crawford County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 5,642 as of the 2020 census. It surrounds the city of Grayling.

Alex Ferns

Alexander Ferns (born 13 October 1968) is a Scottish actor and television personality. He is best known for his "EastEnders" role as Trevor Morgan, Rick Harper in BBC Scotland soap opera, "River City" and as Andrei Glukhov in the miniseries "Chernobyl". Ferns was born in Lennoxtown, Scotland.

Lennoxtown

Lennoxtown (, ) is a village in East Dunbartonshire Council area and the historic county of Stirlingshire, Scotland. The town had a population of 4,094 in 2011.

Stirlingshire

Stirlingshire or the County of Stirling, ) is a historic county and registration county of Scotland. Its county town is Stirling.

Lauren Shuler Donner

Lauren Diane Shuler Donner (born June 23, 1949) is an American movie producer. She owned The Donners' Company with her husband, director Richard Donner. She is known for producing the "X-Men" movie series.

When she was young, she was diagnosed with lupus.

Prince Joseph Wenzel of Liechtenstein

Prince Joseph Wenzel of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg (Joseph Wenzel Maximilian Maria; born 24 May 1995) is the oldest child of Prince Alois of Liechtenstein, the Regent and Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein, and his wife Sophie, Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein, Duchess in Bavaria. He is also the oldest grandchild of the current ruling prince of Liechtenstein.

He is second in the line of succession to the Liechtensteiner throne through his father.

24 May 1995 His Serene Highness Prince Joseph Wenzel Maximilian of Liechtenstein, Count of Rietberg 

Sophie, Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein

Sophie, Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein, Countess of Rietberg (born Duchess Sophie in Bavaria; 28 October 1967) was born a Duchess in Bavaria. She is a member of the House of Wittelsbach, and second in line for the Jacobite succession. 

She is married to Alois, Hereditary Prince and Regent of Liechtenstein. 

28 October 1967:3 July 1993 Her Royal Highness Princess Sophie of Bavaria 

1973-3 July 1993 Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Bavaria, Princess of Bavaria 

3 July 1993 Her Royal Highness The Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein, Countess of Rietberg, Duchess of Bavaria 

Tropical Storm Fred (2021)

Tropical Storm Fred was a strong tropical storm which affected much of the Greater Antilles and the Southeastern United States in August 2021. The sixth tropical depression and sixth tropical storm of the 2021 Atlantic hurricane season. It began on August 4 and was listed as a potential tropical cyclone by August 9. 

By August 11, it became a tropical storm and was named "Fred". It was heading just south of Puerto Rico, shortly before hitting the Dominican Republic on the island of Hispaniola later that day. Fred continued towards the Florida Panhandle before making landfall late on August 16 and moving into the state of Georgia.

Ian Carey

Ian Harshman (September 13, 1974 – August 20, 2021), better known by his stage name Ian Carey, was an American house DJ, musician, and record producer. He was raised in Hancock, Maryland and spent most of his career in Miami, Florida. His career began in 1993. He became a record producer in 1998. He worked with Jason Papillon (see DJ Jason Brooks) as part of Soul Providers. Their first single, "Rise", peaked within the top 60 of the charts in the United Kingdom.

Carey died on August 20, 2021 at the age of 46.

Hancock, Maryland

Hancock is a town in Washington County, Maryland, United States. The population was 1,557 at the 2020 census.

Fort Hancock, Texas

Fort Hancock is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hudspeth County, Texas, United States. Its population was 1,052 at the 2020 census. It is known for being close to the Mexico–United States border.

Terri Sewell

Terrycina Andrea "Terri" Sewell (; born January 1, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She is the U.S. Representative for since 2011.

Raymond Leo Burke

Raymond Leo Burke (born June 30, 1948) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He is a cardinal, and the patron of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He led the Archdiocese of St. Louis from 2004 to 2008 and the Diocese of La Crosse from 1995 to 2004. 

From June 2008 to November 2014, he was the prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura. He was born in Richland Center, Wisconsin.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Burke became known for being against the COVID-19 vaccine. In August 2021, he was hospitalized under critical condition after being diagnosed with COVID-19.

Svetlana Alliluyeva

Svetlana Iosifovna Alliluyeva (28 February 1926 – 22 November 2011), later known as Lana Peters, was the youngest child and only daughter of Soviet leader Joseph Stalin and his second wife Nadezhda Alliluyeva. 

In 1967, she defected to the United States and, in 1978, became a naturalized citizen. From 1984 to 1986, she briefly returned to the Soviet Union and had her Soviet citizenship was given back. She was Stalin's last surviving child.

Alliluyeva died on 22 November 2011 at a hospital in Richland Center, Wisconsin from problems caused by colon cancer, aged 85.

Repparfjorden

Repparfjorden is a fjord in Norway's Hammerfest municipality. The fjord is on Norway's mainland, Southwest of Hammerfest (city). The fjord had been the site of a copper mine in the 1970s. Studies have being done about starting to mine at the fjord again. There have been environmentalists protesting at the fjord to try and stop the mine. Some protesters had attached themselves to excavators at the fjord using chains to try and stop the work from starting. 

COVID-19 pandemic in Hong Kong

The COVID-19 pandemic in Hong Kong is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The virus was first confirmed to have spread to : Hong Kong on 23 January 2020.

Hong Kong was not affected badly during the first wave of the pandemic, many believe it is because people normally wear face masks in Hong Kong.

COVID-19 pandemic in Macau

The COVID-19 pandemic in Macau is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case of the disease in Macau was confirmed on 22 January 2020. The city saw nine more cases by 4 February, but no more cases until 15 March. Until 26 April 2021, the city has 49 confirmed cases of COVID-19, all of those having recovered, and no deaths from the disease.

Quilmes

Quilmes is a city in the Buenos Aires Province in Argentina. In 2001, 230,810 people lived there. It is south of Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina.

Venafro

Venafro is an Italian city in Molise. About 11,000 people live there.

Boana buriti

Boana buriti is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it over 900 meters above sea level.

Stewart Island kiwi

The Stewart Island tokoeka, Stewart Island kiwi, Rakiura tokoeka or Rakiura kiwi ("Apteryx australis lawryi") is a subspecies of southern brown kiwi. It lives in New Zealand. This bird does not fly. It runs on the ground.

The Stewart Island tokoeka is the largest type of southern brown kiwi. It has red-brown feathers that look like fur. It has small wings and does not fly. It has a long, curved bill, or beak. The nostrils are at the end of the bill, not at the top near the rest of its face. Experts think the kiwi can smell very well.

About 20,000 Stewart Island tokoeka live on Stewart Island. Unlike other kiwis, they look for food during the day and at night instead of only at night.

Unlike other kiwis, the Stewart Island tokoeka does not live alone. Instead, Stewart Island tokoeka live in families. The baby kiwis stay with their parents for up to seven years. They help sit in their parents' younger eggs. This makes it so much easier to raise eggs that kiwi parents sometimes have two clutches, groups of eggs, each year. It also goes onto the beach to look for food, which most other kiwis do not do.

Mustelids, for example stoats, never came to Stewart Island the way they came to the rest of New Zealand as invasive species. So the Stewart Island tokoeka does not have stoats that try to eat its eggs and chicks. However, there are stray cats on Stewart Island, and they can be very big.

Lumberton, Mississippi

Lumberton is a city in Lamar and Pearl River counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Picayune, Mississippi

Picayune is a city in Pearl River County, Mississippi, United States.

Donald III of Scotland

Donald III (c. 1032–1099), was King of Scots from 1093–1094 and 1094–1097. He was also called Donald the Fair and Donald the White. His father was Duncan I of Scotland. In May 1094, Donald's nephew Duncan II stole the throne. Duncan was killed and Donald became king again in November 1094. Donald died in 1099 and his nephew Edgar became king.

Edgar, King of Scotland

Edgar (c. 1074 – 8 January 1107), ruled over Scotland from 1097 to 1107. He was the fourth son of Malcolm III and Margaret of Wessex. Donald III was his uncle and Duncan II was his half-brother. His brother Alexander I became king after his death.

Puppet History

Puppet History is a YouTube show by Ryan Bergara, Steven Lim, and Shane Madej in their company, Watcher. Bergara, Lim, and Madej used to work with BuzzFeed. Bergara and Madej did "BuzzFeed Unsolved". The show started in January 2020.

On "Puppet History", a colorful puppet historian leads a game show, a contest. Each episode is about one strange person or event from history. The two people in the contest answer questions, and the Professor gives them points.

All the history on "Puppet History" is real.

"Welcome one and all to Puppet History. Today we take an ever-widening look into the heavy heavy book we call history while our guests ruthlessly compete for the coveted title of History Master! I am obviously your beloved host, the Professor!" - the Professor at the beginning of most episodes

The show begins with the Professor, a blue puppet, saying hello to the guests from a puppet theater stage. The Professor then tells a story about history. He stops every few minutes to ask the two guests a question, sometimes multiple choice. The guests write down their answers on small whiteboards. Then the professor says "Let's see the answer through the magic of theater!" and paper cutouts of people from history act out the answer to the question. Then the professor gives "jelly beans" to whoever had the true answer. Each jelly bean is worth one point.

The Professor encourages the guests to speak and tell jokes. Sometimes, he will give a "rotten jelly bean" to whoever makes a bad joke. The rotten jelly bean is worth negative one point. The Professor gives the special guest extra points. This way, Ryan Bergara almost always loses. ("Stealing The World’s Most Expensive Necklace" ended in a tie.)

Before the end of the show, the Professor leaves to "tally the score" and another puppet comes onto the stage and sings a song about the historical event.

The show always ends with the "coveted cup and title of History Master" almost always going to the guest who is not Ryan Bergara. The cup is a small plastic trophy with real jelly bean candy or another small prize in it.


In season one, Ryan Bergara and the other contestant sat in chairs in the same room as the puppet theater. In seasons two and three, the show was named as "Puppet History: Online University" and both contestants appeared through computers. This was because of the coronavirus pandemic. Each episode has about 1 million views.

The Professor is a small hand puppet with blue fur and a white nose. He usually wears a safari hat and jacket and carries a satchel. He wears glasses and a bow tie. Sometimes, he wears other costumes. For example, in the episode about Ching Shih, he wore a pirate hat.

The Professor sometimes talks about his life through wrong answers to the multiple-choice questions. These answers say the Professor found a magic lamp that had a magical genie inside it. He told the genie to turn a "seemingly ordinary household object" into a secret time machine. The genie did so, but was also "a total prick about it." In the flashbacks, the genie is played by Shane Madej. In other episodes, the Professor mentions visiting the past and meeting people from history. Sometimes he talks about the genie chasing him. For example, in "The Great Molasses Flood," the Professor gets stuck in the molasses and the genie almost catches him. But he reaches into his satchel for the secret time machine and gets away.

In the episode "The Affair of the Poisons," Ryan asks the Professor "Do you have a family? Or did you have any family?" The Professor asks "Did I?" and the audience hears a young child saying "Papá, I want a jellybean."

In the last episode of Season 4, we see the Professor go back in time to the Cretaceous period. A dinosaur eats him. Words on the screen tell the audience that the Professor is really dead.

Season 5 of "Puppet History" began in November 2022. During this season, the real Professor is reborn in the Cretaceous Period, where he meets some dinosaurs. The host of Puppet History was an impostor: an evil hologram pretended to be the Professor. The hologram let Ryan Bergara win every time. Bergara's prize was always skin lotion. In the second to last episode of Season 5, the hologram ties Bergara to a chair and tells him he wants to steal his skin. Then, he says, he can become like a human, rub the genie lamp, and wish for everyone on Earth to be turned into puppets. Bergara escapes, takes the lamp, and saves the real Professor and his friends.


Hava, Maryam, Ayesha

Hava, Maryam, Ayesha is a 2019 Afghan Iranian French drama movie directed by first time director Sahraa Karimi and starring Arezoo Ariapoor, Fereshta Afshar, Hasiba Ebrahimi.

The Blue Veil (1951 movie)

The Blue Veil is a 1951 American drama movie directed by Curtis Bernhardt and is the remake of the 1942 French movie of the same name. It stars Jane Wyman, Charles Laughton, Joan Blondell, Richard Carlson, Agnes Moorehead, Cyril Cusack, Natalie Wood, Audrey Totter, Don Taylor, Alan Napier and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1952.


Marie of Romania

Marie of Romania (born Princess Marie Alexandra Victoria of Edinburgh; 29 October 1875 – 18 July 1938) was the older daughter and second child of Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna Queen Marie of Romania was the last Queen Consort of Romania and the wife of King Ferdinand I of Romania Queen Marie and King Ferdinand I of Romania had 7 children and mother of Carol II of Romania Queen Elisabeth of Greece Queen Maria of Yugoslavia Nicholas Prince of Hohenzollern Sigmarigen Ileana Archduchess of Austria Prince Mircea and grand mother of Michael I of Romania.


Scheme (disambiguation)

A scheme is a systematic plan for the implementation of a certain idea.

Scheme or schemer may refer to:




Peter Harding (RAF officer, born 1933)

Marshal of the Royal Air Force Sir Peter Robin Harding, (2 December 1933 – 19 August 2021) was a Royal Air Force officer. He was a bomber pilot in the 1950s. He became Chief of the Air Staff in 1988. He became Chief of the Defence Staff in December 1992. 

Harding died on 19 August 2021, aged 87.

Alberto Bica

Alberto Viller Bica Alonso (11 February 1958 – 22 August 2021) was a Uruguayan footballer. He was born in Montevideo. He played as a right winger. He played in nine matches for the Uruguay national team from 1979 to 1981.

Bica died of leukemia on 22 August 2021 in Montevideo, aged 63.

Micki Grant

Micki Grant (born Minnie Perkins, June 30, 1941 – August 22, 2021) was an American singer, actress, playwright and composer. She performed in "Having Our Say" (as Sadie Delaney), "Tambourines to Glory" and "Jericho-Jim Crow". She was nominated for a Tony Award three times. Grant was born in Chicago. 

Grant died on August 22, 2021 at the age of 80.

Sheikh Shahidur Rahman

Sheikh Shahidur Rahman (died 22 August 2021) was a Pakistani-born Bangladeshi politician. He was a member of the Workers Party of Bangladesh. He was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad from 1986 to 1988. Rahman was born in Pakistan.

Rahman died on 22 August 2021 in Khulna, Bangladesh from a heart attack at the age of 70.

Andrzej Schinzel

Andrzej Bobola Maria Schinzel (April 5, 1937 – August 22, 2021) was a Polish mathematician. He was known for his works with number theory. In 1994, he was elected as a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences. Schinzel was born in Sandomierz, Poland. 

Schinzel died on August 22, 2021 at the age of 84.


Sandomierz

Sandomierz ( ; ) is a historical town in south-eastern Poland. In 2017, 23,863 people lived here.

High Wall

High Wall is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Curtis Bernhardt and was based on the play by Alan R. Clark and Bradbury Foote. It stars Robert Taylor, Audrey Totter, Herbert Marshall, Dorothy Patrick, Warner Anderson, Jonathan Hale, Morris Ankrum and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


1966 United Kingdom general election

The 1966 United Kingdom general election happened on 31 March 1966. The Labour Party won with a landslide win. The Prime Minister Harold Wilson stayed in power.

Wilson decided to call a snap election because his government had a small majority. This made it hard for them to make new laws. This was the last general election with a voting age of 21. After the Representation of the People Act, 18 year-olds were allowed to vote in elections.

Blue duck

The blue duck or whio ("Hymenolaimus malacorhynchos") is a member of the duck, goose and swan family Anatidae . It is endemic to New Zealand. It is the only member of the genus Hymenolaimus. 

It appears to be most closely related to the tribe Anatini, the dabbling ducks, but its exact taxonomy is unknown.

Hardhead

The hardhead ("Aythya australis"), also known as the white eyed duck, is the only true diving duck found in Australia. The common name "hardhead" has nothing to do with the hardness of the bird's skull, instead referring to the difficulty encountered by early taxidermists in studying the head. Hardheads are found in wetter, coastal regions of Australia, particularly in the south-east, but are known to live as far as New Guinea, New Zealand, and the Pacific Islands.

Aythya

Aythya is a genus of diving ducks. It has twelve described species. The name "Aythya" comes from the Ancient Greek word (), which may have referred to a sea-dwelling duck or an auklet.

Diving duck

The diving ducks, commonly called pochards or scaups, are a tribe of duck which feed by diving underwater. They are part of Anatidae, the very large family that includes ducks, geese, and swans.

Lulach

Lulach mac Gille Coemgáin (before 1033 – 17 March 1058) better known as Lulach (c. 1032–1099), was King of Scots between 15 August 1057 and 17 March 1058. He was the stepson of Macbeth. In March 1058, he was killed by Malcolm III.

List of number-one singles of 2021 (Finland)

This is a List of number-one singles in Finland in 2021. The source is the Official Finnish Charts.


Aphasia

Aphasia is damage to the brain which affects speech. It is used for all forms of brain damage which negatively affects speech. 

The damage may cause muteness, in which case treatment depends on knowing exactly what caused the aphasia.

The condition primary progressive aphasia is serious because it is progressive. It gets worse with time.

Rajkummar Rao

Rajkummar Rao (born Raj Kumar Yadav; 31 August 1984) is an Indian actor known for his work in Bollywood. He has received awards including a National Film Award and three Filmfare Awards.

New Zealand quail

The New Zealand quail ("Coturnix novaezelandiae"), or koreke in Māori, is an extinct old world quail species endemic to New Zealand. The male and female were similar, except the female was lighter. The first scientist to describe it was Sir Joseph Banks when he visited New Zealand on James Cook's first voyage.

Raj Kapoor filmography

Raj Kapoor (born Shrishti Nath Kapoor; 14 December 1924 – 2 June 1988) was an Indian actor, film director and film producer who worked in Bollywood films. He was fondly called "Raj Sahab", "The Showman", "The Greatest Show Man of Indian cinema", "Ranbir Raj Kapoor", and "Charlie Chaplin of Indian cinema" by his family, friends and fans. 

Raj Kapoor worked in many films, and his filmography is listed below.

Boana leucocheila

Boana leucocheila is a frog that lives in Brazil and Bolivia.

Sun–Joffe Manifesto

Sun–Joffe Manifesto or the Joint Manifesto of Sun and Joffe (孫文越飛宣言), was a joint statement issued at Shanghai by the Chinese Nationalist revolutionary leader Sun Yat-sen and Adolf Joffe, representative of the Soviet Foreign Ministry, which provided the basis for cooperation between the Soviet Union and Sun’s Kuomintang, or Nationalist, Party.

Viktor Orbán and Santiago Abascal meeting

Viktor Orbán and Santiago Abascal met on May 27, 2021 in Budapest.

Santiago Abascal is the leader of Vox, a far-right political party that has caused several controversies in Spain due to its lack of support for the LGBT community in Spain. Viktor Orbán recently published a law that prohibited talking about homosexuality in high schools.

Killing of Samuel Luiz

Samuel Luiz Muñiz was a nursing assistant, who was beaten to death in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain, on 3 July 2021 as a victim of homophobic violence. Samuel Luiz was talking to his friend, Vanessa Gonzalez, when he was attacked at about 2:45 am. After his death, people started doing demonstrations to protest violence against LGBT people.

Sheyene Gerardi

Sheyene Gerardi (born April 13) is a Venezuelan actress, producer and businessperson. She is also a mining executive, co-founder NASA´s Planetary Landing Team. She was granted the status of an individual with exceptional ability in the national interest in the United States.<ref><nowiki>

2021 Tennessee floods

During the early morning of August 21, 2021, very heavy rainfall caused massive flash flooding across the western central part of Tennessee in the United States. It rained a total of before the flood. Many towns in Tennessee were damaged by floodwater, with many homes and businesses being destroyed. Over 22 people were killed with over 20 missing.

Waverly, Tennessee

Waverly is a city in and the county seat of Humphreys County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 4,297 at the 2020 census.

Abdullah Mokoginta

Abdullah Mokoginta (5 May 1935 – 16 August 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was Deputy Governor of North Sulawesi from 1986 to 1991. He was a member of the People's Representative Council from 1992 to 1999. Mokoginta was born in North Sulawesi, Dutch East Indies.

Mokoginta died on 16 August 2021 in Kotamobagu, Indonesia at the age of 86.

Kotamobagu

Kotamobagu is a city in North Sulawesi, Indonesia. 107,459 people lived here at the 2010 Census. 

Percha Leanpuri

Percha Leanpuri (24 June 1986 – 19 August 2021) was an Indonesian politician. She was a member of the Nasdem Party. She was on the People's Representative Council from 2019 to 2021 and the Regional Representative Council from 2009 to 2015. She was the daughter of Governor of South Sumatra Herman Deru. Leanpuri was born in South Sumatra, Indonesia.

Leanpuri died on 19 August 2021 at a hospital in Palembang, Indonesia from while giving birth at the age of 35.

South Sumatra

South Sumatra () is a province of Indonesia. It is located on the southeast of the island of Sumatra, The province is about and about 8,497,196 people lived here.

Jean Orchampt

