Jean Pierre Marie Orchampt (9 December 1923 – 21 August 2021) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. Until his death, he was the oldest living bishop from France. Orchampt was born in Vesoul, France. He became a priest in 1948. Orchampt became auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Montpellier in 1971. Orchampt was made bishop of Diocese of Angers on 5 July 1974 and retired in 2000.

Orchampt died on 21 August 2021 at the age of 97.

Rod Gilbert

Rodrigue Gabriel Gilbert (July 1, 1941August 22, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He played his entire career for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1960 until 1978. He played right wing on the GAG line. He was honored into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1982. He was the first player in Rangers history to have his number retired. Gilbert was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Gilbert died on August 22, 2021 in New York City, aged 80.


Militant

Militant can be:



Jack Hirschman

Jack Hirschman (December 13, 1933 – August 22, 2021) was an American Marxist poet, essayist and social activist. He wrote more than 100 volumes of poetry and essays. He was born in New York City. 

In 2006, Hirschman was made Poet Laureate of San Francisco by Mayor Gavin Newsom. 

His best known poetry volumes were "A Correspondence of Americans" (Indiana U. Press, 1960), "Black Alephs" (Trigram Press, 1969), "Lyripol" (City Lights, 1976), "The Bottom Line" (Curbstone, 1988), and "Endless Threshold" (Curbstone, 1992).

Hirschman suddenly died at his home in San Francisco on August 22, 2021, aged 87. He died a few minutes before the start of his speaking in the last of a regular online interview as the World Poetry Movement coordinator board.


Edin Šaranović

Šaranović died on 22 August 2021 in Munich, Germany at the age of 45.

Tešanj

Tešanj is a town and municipality located in the Zenica-Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2013, it had a population of 43,063 people.

Eric Wagner

Eric Wagner (April 24, 1959 – August 22, 2021) was an American heavy metal singer-songwriter. He was best known for his work with doom metal band Trouble. He formed the band in 1979. He also appeared on Dave Grohl's heavy metal side project "Probot" in 2004. He also formed The Skull.

Wagner died on August 22, 2021 from pneumonia caused by COVID-19 at the age of 62.


José Yudica

José Antonio Yudica (26 February 1936 – 23 August 2021) was an Argentine football player and manager. He was born in Rosario, Santa Fe. He made four appearances for the national team. He played for Newell's Old Boys from 1954 until 1958 and managed them from 1987 until 1990.

Yudica died on 23 August 2021 in Buenos Aires, aged 85.

Newell's Old Boys

Club Atlético Newell's Old Boys () is an Argentine sports club based in Rosario, Santa Fe. The club was founded on 3 November 1903.

Johnson Aguiyi-Ironsi

Major General Johnson Thomas Umunnakwe Aguiyi-Ironsi MVO, MBE (3 March 1924 – 29 July 1966) was the first Military Head of State of Nigeria. He took control of Nigeria during the 15 January 1966 military coup.

He ruled Nigeria from 16 January 1966 until his assassination on 29 July 1966 by military officials.

Jane Wenham-Jones

Jane Wenham-Jones (1961/1962 – 22 August 2021) was a British author, journalist, presenter, interviewer, creative writing tutor, and speaker. She was a regular contributor to "Writing Magazine", "Woman's Weekly" and the "Isle of Thanet News". She also published short stories for "Bella", "My Weekly", "The People's Friend" and "Take a Break".

She was a member of Equity and presented for both BBC Radio Kent and the BBC's Politics Show. 

Wenham-Jones died on 22 August 2021, aged 59.


Rosita Quintana

Rosita Quintana (born Trinidad Rosa Quintana Muñoz; July 16, 1925 – August 23, 2021) was an Argentine-Mexican actress and singer-songwriter. She was a famous actress during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.

Quintana starred in Luis Buñuel's "Susana" (1951) and musical movies such as "Serenata en México" (1956) and "Cuando México canta" (1958). Quintana was born in Buenos Aires. Her career began in 1948.

Quintana died in Mexico City on August 23, 2021 from problems caused by thyroid cancer surgery at the age of 96.



Jimmy Hayes (ice hockey)

James Ryan Hayes (November 21, 1989 – August 23, 2021) was an American professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the National Hockey League from 2011 until 2018. He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Florida Panthers, Boston Bruins and New Jersey Devils. Hayes was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Hayes died on August 23, 2021 in Milton, Massachusetts. He was 31 years old.

Irma Dorantes

Irma Aguirre Martínez (born 21 December 1934), commonly known as Irma Dorantes, is a Mexican actress. She was born in Mérida, Yucatán. Her career lasted from 1948 until 2014. She sang "La Flor de la Canela". She played supporting roles in telenovelas such as "Cuando me enamoro" (2010).

Dorantes was married to actor Pedro Infante from 1953 until his death in 1957. They had one child.

Pedro Infante

Pedro Infante Cruz (; 18 November 1917 – 15 April 1957) was a Mexican actor and ranchera singer. He was born in Mazatlán, Mexico. He was married to actress Irma Dorantes. He played the main character in "Tizoc" (1957).

Infante died in an airplane crash near Mérida, Mexico ​on 15 April 1957 at the age of 39.

Bangladesh Islami Chhatra Shibir

Bangladesh Islami Chhatrashibir (), is a Bangladeshi Islamic student organization. It was established on 6 February 1977. The organisation is generally considered as a student wing of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, and many of the leaders of the student organisation have gone on to become notable leaders within Jamaat. This organisation is active in different Bangladeshi universities like University of Dhaka, University of Chittagong, Rajshahi University, SUST, BUET, DUET, Medical College.

Shafiqur Rahman

Shafiqur Rahman () is a Bangladeshi politician and physician. He became the emir of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami on 12 November 2019. He was secretary general of Jamaat from October 2016 to November 2019. He was elected Emir of Jamaat-e-Islami on November 12, 2019. He was in charge of secretary general of the party. Before this, he had been "Ameer" (leader) of the Sylhet city branch of the party.

Effect

Effect can be:


Tannehill, Louisiana

Tannehill is an unincorporated community in Winn Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Alexandra Feodorovna

Empress Alexandra Feodorovna of Russia may refer to:


The Salmon of Doubt

The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time is a collection of last published and unpublished material written by  Douglas Adams.

The book discusses mostly about life experience and  technology.

Fiordland tokoeka

The Fiordland tokoeka or Fiordland kiwi ("Apteryx australis australis") is a subspecies of southern brown kiwi. It lives in South Island, New Zealand. This bird does not fly. It runs on the ground.

This is a large southern brown kiwi. It has red-brown feathers that look like fur. It has small wings and does not fly. It has no tail. It has a long, curved bill, or beak. The nostrils are at the end of the bill, not at the top near the rest of its face.

The Fiordland tokoeka lives in Fiordland and nearby islands. It lives from the Milford Sound to Lake Te Anau to Preservation Inlet.

The adult Fiordland tokoeka lives alone. It fights other adult kiwis over good places to look for food. It mostly hides during the day and looks for food at night.

There are about 15,000 Fiordland tokoeka alive. The number of Fiordland kiwis is getting smaller because human beings build farms and other things in the places the kiwi like to live and because animals brought over the ocean by humans like to eat them and their eggs: dogs, stoats, ferrets and cats. However, human beings set traps for stoats in parts of Fiordland, and now there are more kiwis in those places.

The kiwis make a nest in a hollow log, crack in a rock, or space dug out of the ground. The egg is large and pale green in color. Both the male and female kiwi take turns sitting on the egg.

Love Child (2011 movie)

Love Child () is a 2011 Dominican Republican Puerto Rican drama movie directed by Leticia Tonos and starring Frank Perozo, Julietta Rodriguez, Victor Checo, Andres Ramos, Gastner Legerme, Kalent Zaiz.

Black Beauty (1946 movie)

Black Beauty is a 1946 American family drama movie directed by Max Nosseck and is the second version of the 1877 novel of the same name by Anna Sewell. It stars Mona Freeman, Richard Denning, Evelyn Ankers, Moyna Macgill, Terry Kilburn, Arthur Space and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pat and Mike

Pat and Mike is a 1952 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Cukor and starring Spencer Tracy, Katherine Hepburn, Aldo Ray, William Ching, Sammy White, George Mathews, Loring Smith, Frank Richards. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1953. Hepburn was nominated in the Best Actress category at the 10th Golden Globe Awards, while Ray was nominated for "New Star of the Year".


Fitness Boxing

Fitness Boxing is an exergaming video game developed by Rocket Company and Imagineer, and also published Worldwide by Nintendo. Released first in Japan on December 20, 2018; PAL region on December 21, 2018; South Korea on December 30, 2018; and later North America on January 4, 2019. Exclusively on Nintendo Switch.

"Fitness Boxing" is a spiritual succesor to the trilogy on Nintendo Wii, with the first two games branded by Gold's Gym fitness game.

The game continues, with the sequel called Fitness Boxing 2: Rythm and Exercise, released on December 20, 2020.


LittleBigPlanet (PSP)

LittleBigPlanet (sometimes known as LittleBigPlanet PSP) is an platform video game for the PlayStation Portable. It is similar to "LittleBigPlanet" for PlayStation 3.

Epic Mickey: Power of Illusion

Epic Mickey: Power of Illusion is an platfomer video game developed by DreamRift, and published by Disney Interactive Studios. Released on Ni9ntendo 3DS in 2012 Worldwide; and 2013 in Japan by Spike Chunsoft. It is the third entry of "Epic Mickey" series.

Spotted dove

The spotted dove ("Spilopelia chinensis") is a small long-tailed pigeon that is a common and native to the Indian subcontinent and in Southeast Asia. The species has been introduced to many parts of the world and feral populations have become established.

This species was formerly included in the genus "Streptopelia" with other turtle-doves, but studies suggest that they differ from typical members of that genus. This dove is long tailed buff brown with a white-spotted black collar patch on the back and sides of the neck. The tail tips are white and the wing coverts have light buff spots.

There are considerable plumage variations across populations within its wide range. The species is found in light forests and gardens as well as in urban areas. They fly from the ground with an explosive flutter and will sometimes glide down to a perch. It is also called the mountain dove, pearl-necked dove, lace-necked dove, and spotted turtle-dove.


Kelly Price

Kelly Price (born April 4, 1973 in Queens, New York City) is an American contemporary R&B, gospel and soul singer. She started her singing career in 1992. Price was on several hit singles by other R&B, hip hop and soul artists. The include "Mo Money Mo Problems" by The Notorious B.I.G., "Fantasy" by Mariah Carey and "Feel So Good" by Mase.

Price released her first studio album "Soul of a Woman" in August 1998. The record had the hit single "Friend of Mine". The song remix, also on the album, had singers R. Kelly and Ronald Isley. Both the original and remix versions were #1 on the United States Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. "Friend of Mine" received the Soul Train Music Award for the Best New Artist.

Price released her second studio album, "Mirror Mirror", in June 2000 under the Def Soul area of Def Jam Records. The second record had the songs "You Should've Told Me" and "As We Lay" (her cover of the 1986 hit by Shirley Murdock). A Christmas record, "One Family", was released just before Thanksgiving 2001.

In 2006, Price recorded the song "Why?" for the soundtrack of the 2007 comedy-drama movie "Why Did I Get Married?".

Price's mother and mother-in-law were diagnosed with breast cancer in late 1998. The earlier later died of the condition. The latter was given two months to live after her diagnosis. However, the mother of Kelly Price, Claudia Price-North, survived the breast cancer. Price-North was treated with chemotherapy. The cancer went into in complete remission by October 2006. Almost fourteen years later, Price-North died from unknown causes at age 69.

Columbinae

Columbinae is a subfamily of birds from the family Columbidae. Otherwise, four genera "Geotrygon", "Leptotila", "Starnoenas" and "Zenaida" form subfamily Leptotilinae.

Including four extinct monotypic genera:


Spilopelia

Spilopelia is a genus of doves that are closely related to "Streptopelia", yet distinguished from them by differences in morphology and behavior. Some authors have argued that "Stigmatopelia" is the valid name as it appears in an earlier line although also erected by the Swedish zoologist Carl Sundevall, but Richard Schodde and Ian J. Mason in their zoological catalogue of Australian birds chose "Spilopelia" citing clause 24(b) of the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN) which supports the decision of the first reviser. The name "Spilopelia" combines the Ancient Greek "spilos" meaning "spot" and "peleia" meaning "dove".

The genus includes just two species:

Some ornithologists split the spotted dove into the eastern spotted dove ("Spilopelia chinensis") and the western spotted dove ("Spilopelia suratensis").

Heavenly Sword

Heavenly Sword is a 2007 action-adventure hack and slash video game for PlayStation 3. Developed by Ninja Theory (developer of "Ninja Gaiden" series) and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.

Gameplay of "Heavenly Sword" is similar to "God of War" series, which is using quick time event (QTE) and using hack and slash like "Devil May Cry" series. A sword called "Heavenly Sword" which change is one into three-forms, Nariko sometimes using three fighting styles with Speed Technique.

Second inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower

The second inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower as the 34th president of the United States happened privately on January 20, 1957, and publicly on the next day, January 21, 1957. It was the start of the second and final term of Dwight D. Eisenhower as president and Richard Nixon as vice president. 

Two inaugural ceremonies happened because January 20, 1957, was on a Sunday. The first ceremony was done at the White House, and the second ceremony was done at the East Front of the United States Capitol Building. The event was the 43rd presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice Earl Warren gave the oath of office to Eisenhower. William Knowland gave the vice presidential oath to Nixon.


Chinese Australians

Chinese Australians (, ) are Chinese people living in Australia. They mainly speak Mandarin, English, Cantonese and Hokkien. Most Chinese Australians were born in Australia or China (including Hong Kong and Macau), but many were born in Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and the Philippines. Australia has more Chinese people than any non-Asian country per capita, the largest population in Oceania and one of the largest in the world, with over 1.2 million Australians claiming Chinese ancestry in 2016 (5.6% of all Australians). They are the largest single non-Anglo-Celtic ethnic group in Australia. While most cities and large towns have Chinese Australian communities, cities with the largest numbers of Chinese people include Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, Adelaide, Newcastle, Canberra and the Gold Coast. Chinese people are also the main ethnic group on Christmas Island.


Chinese Malaysians

Chinese Malaysians are Chinese people living in Malaysia. They form the second-largest ethnic group in Malaysia after Malays. They mainly speak Mandarin, English, Hokkien and Cantonese.

Malaysian English

Malaysian English is the dialect of English spoken in Malaysia. It (along with Malay) is an official language of Malaysia. It is used as a lingua franca between Malays, Chinese Malaysians and Indian Malaysians. English was first used in Malaysia when the British arrived in Malaysia and Singapore.


South African English

South African English (, , ) is a dialect of English spoken in South Africa. English is the main language of business, school and government in South Africa and is used for day-to-day communication. It (along with Afrikaans and 9 other native languages) is an official language of South Africa. It uses British English spelling and sounds similar to Australian English and New Zealand English. There are many South African slang words too, which come from Afrikaans and native languages.

Diabetes in dogs

Diabetes mellitus in dogs happens when the beta cells in the pancreas stop producing insulin (leading to type 1 diabetes) or produce enough insulin though cells improperly use it (leading to type 2 diabetes).

Diabetes in dogs can be treated. It doesn't need to make the life expectancies of dogs shorter than usual. If not treated, however, the condition could lead to cataracts, malnutrition, diabetic ketoacidosis, dehydration and possibly death. Diabetes mostly affects middle-aged and older dogs. There are, however, juvenile cases. The typical dog with diabetes is overweight or obese and middle-aged. Females are affected almost three times more often than male dogs. But there are arguments about whether or not neutering male dogs may increase the risks of developing diabetes. Some data mention that male dogs' risks of becoming obese double or triple after they are neutered.

Diabetes is commonly split into two types: type 1 and type 2.

Type 1 diabetes (previously called "juvenile diabetes") happens when the beta cells of the pancreas are either destroyed or severely damaged. The condition, in the past, was also called "insulin-dependent diabetes". That means insulin injections must replace the insulin the pancreas is no longer capable of producing for the body's needs. Type 1 is the most common form of diabetes and affects approximately 0.34% of dogs.

Type 2 diabetes does develop in dogs. However, this form is not as common as type 1. Because of this, there is no possibility the permanently damaged pancreatic beta cells could re-activate to bring about a remission (meaning no evidence of the disease) as may be possible with some feline diabetes cases. In cats, the usual type of diabetes is type 2.

Gestational diabetes does happen in dogs. The condition, though, does not happen in dogs as often as for human beings.

This list of risk factors for canine diabetes is taken from the genetic breed study. This study was published in 2007. The "neutral risk" category should be taken for being not enough evidence that the dog breed genetically shows a high, moderate, or a low risk for the disease. All risk information is based only on discovered genetic factors.
High risk

Moderate risk

Neutral risk

Low risk

Hammett (movie)

Hammett is a 1982 American mystery movie directed by Wim Wenders and was based on the novel of the same name by Joe Gores. It stars Peter Boyle, Frederic Forrest, Marilu Henner, Roy Kinnear, David Patrick Kelly, Elisha Cook, Jr., Samuel Fuller, Sylvia Sidney and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Utopia (2015 movie)

Utopia is a 2015 Afghan Indian British Iranian drama movie directed by Hassan Nazer and starring Malalai Zikria, Hannah Spearritt, Homayoun Ershadi, Arun Bali.

Andrea Stewart-Cousins

Andrea Stewart-Cousins (born September 2, 1950) is an American politician and educator from Yonkers, New York She is a Democrat. Stewart-Cousins worked for District 35 with the New York State Senate starting in 2007. She became the Majority Leader and Temporary President with the New York Senate in 2019. She became the acting Lieutenant Governor of New York with Kathy Hochul, the first female governor of the state, twice in 2021 and in 2022.

Stewart-Cousins was the first female in the history of New York State to lead a conference with the New York State Legislature. She was also the first female Senate Majority Leader in the history of the state.

Andrea Alice Stewart was born on September 2, 1950, in New York City. The Stewart family lived in public housing in Manhattan and the Bronx. She had chronic asthma when she was young.

Stewart-Cousins spent twenty years in the private sector, working with New York Telephone (later known as AT&T). She earned her Bachelor of Science Degree from Pace University and her teaching credentials in Business Education from Lehman College. She received her Masters of Public Administration from Pace University in May 2008.

Stewart-Cousins first ran for New York State Senate in 2004. Incumbent Republican Sen. Nicholas Spano, however, defeated her by a margin of 18 votes. In 2006, she challenged Spano again and defeated him. As of 2019, Senate District 35 includes all of Greenburgh and Scarsdale and portions of Yonkers, White Plains and New Rochelle.

Stewart-Cousins voted in favor of same-sex marriage legislation on December 2, 2009. The bill was later defeated. A same-sex marriage law was eventually passed in 2011. Stewart-Cousins supports abortion rights. She has pushed for legislation to expand abortion access across the State of New York.

On December 17, 2012, Stewart-Cousins was elected Senate Democratic Leader.

The Democratic Party won a Senate majority in the 2018 elections. On January 9, 2019, Stewart-Cousins was elected Senate Majority Leader. She operates as the body's Majority Leader and Temporary President. In 2019, Stewart-Cousins sponsored the Housing Stability and Tenant Protection Act of 2019. This act overhauled the rules that had affected rent-controlled apartments in New York City. During Stewart-Cousins' first year as the Senate Majority Leader, New York passed a variety of progressive laws on issues. Those included climate change, voting rights, abortion rights, criminal justice reform, gender equality, gun control, marijuana decriminalization, LGBT rights and immigration. According to City & State New York, Stewart-Cousins employs a "consensus-driven approach" to leading the Senate Democratic Conference. This is what sets her "apart from her predecessors".

After the resignation of Governor Andrew Cuomo because of multiple allegations of sexual harassment, Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul replaced him as governor in August 2021. Per state law, as state Senate Majority Leader, Stewart-Cousins became the state's Acting lieutenant governor until Hochul appointed a full-time replacement. She was the first Black woman to serve in this role. This was also the first time New York was governed by both a female governor and lieutenant governor.

Hochul picked Brian Benjamin, who took office on September 9, 2021, as her replacement for lieutenant governor. However, Benjamin resigned less than a year later on April 12, 2022 after being arrested in a corruption scandal. This caused Stewart-Cousins to once again become acting Lieutenant Governor.

In 1979, Stewart married Thomas Cousins, and the couple moved to Yonkers, New York. Stewart-Cousins has three children and four grandchildren. Thomas Cousins died on November 26, 2007.


Diane Allen

Diane B. Allen (born March 16, 1948, Newark, New Jersey) is an American journalist, nightly news anchor and Republican politician. She worked with New Jersey's 7th legislative district in the New Jersey Assembly from 1996 to 1998. She later worked with the New Jersey Senate from 1998 to 2018.

Allen was the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey during the 2021 gubernatorial election. She was selected by Jack Ciattarelli.

Allen began her broadcast news career in 1970 with WJJZ. WJJZ was an AM radio station based in Mount Holly, New Jersey. She worked at the New Jersey Network. Allen later joined an ABC station in Chicago.

In 1976, Allen returned home to cover New Jersey politics for KYW-TV. That was the CBS station in Philadelphia. In 1985, she co-moderated the New Jersey gubernatorial debate between Governor Thomas Kean and Peter Shapiro. She left the network in 1988. Allen later won a lawsuit against CBS for discriminatory practices.

In 1989, Allen joined WCAU. That was the NBC station in Philadelphia. She stayed there until 1994.

In 2000, Allen briefly served as an interim anchor for CN8 while another anchorwoman was on vacation. This prompted criticism from Senate Minority Leader Richard Codey. The latter criticized her for conducting her duties as an officeholder while reporting on politics.

Allen is the President for VidComm, Inc.. It is a media production company she founded after her broadcasting career ended.

During her career, Allen won eight Daytime Emmy Awards.

The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia inducted Allen into their Hall of Fame in 2005.

Senator Allen operated as a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1996, 2000, as well as in 2004 and 2012.

In 2008, Allen was a leading candidate to succeed Jim Saxton in the U.S. House. However, she announced on November 29, 2007 that she would not run for the seat. Allen cited political faction in the Burlington County Republican Party.

In 2009, Allen was a leading candidate to join Chris Christie's ticket as the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor. Christie ultimately chose Monmouth County Sheriff Kim Guadagno instead.

Boana poaju

Boana poaju is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Redemption

Redemption can be:










Flag of Herefordshire

The flag of Herefordshire is flag of the English area of Herefordshire. It was officially put to the Flag Institute on 2 November 2019.

When there was no official flag, the banner of Herefordshire Council was sometimes used. It was flown usually with the Union Flag.

Another design for a flag has been popular. The flag was created as a joke by a student. It is sold at the Hereford Tourist Centre.

Cities of Malaysia

This is a list of cities of Malaysia. In Malaysia, there are 18 areas with city status ("bandar raya") by law. However, there are also highly urbanised and populated areas that do not have city status but are sometimes referred to as cities. City status is granted to a place within a local government area. Other populated areas which do not have city status are municipalities or towns.

The following is a list of places in Malaysia in order by the date they were given city status.

The royal charters for Kuala Lumpur, Kuching, Kota Kinabalu, Shah Alam, Malacca City, Alor Setar and Miri were from the Malaysian head of state, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, while Ipoh, Johor Bahru, Iskandar Puteri and Subang Jaya were granted by their respective state sultans. Malacca City was declared a "historical city" prior to being granted city status in 2003.

Kuala Lumpur, the largest city, is the national capital and a federal territory. But as of 2012, most government ministries have relocated to the new administrative capital of Putrajaya.

Among the latest (2008) basic criteria for city status on a local government is that it has a minimum population of 500,000 and an annual income of not less than RM 100 million.

Kuala Lumpur is by far the largest urban area. It is also the largest metropolitan area in Malaysia. George Town, the capital city of Penang, is the second-largest city in Malaysia and the heart of Malaysia's second-largest conurbation. To the south, the twin cities of Johor Bahru and Iskandar Puteri form the core of the third-largest metropolitan area in the country. Other metropolitan areas with a population of more than 500,000 include Ipoh, Kuching, and Kota Kinabalu.


States and federal territories of Malaysia

The states and federal territories of Malaysia are the principal administrative divisions of Malaysia. Malaysia is a federation of 13 states ("Negeri") and 3 federal territories ("Wilayah Persekutuan").

11 states and 2 federal territories are located on the Malay Peninsula, collectively called "Peninsular Malaysia" ("Semenanjung Malaysia") or "West Malaysia". 2 states are on the island of Borneo, and the remaining federal territory consists of islands offshore of Borneo; they are collectively referred to as "East Malaysia" or Malaysian Borneo. Out of the 13 states in Malaysia, 9 are monarchies.

In conjunction with the celebration of Malaysia Day in 2018 under the new Pakatan Harapan (PH) government, Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has promised to restore Sabah and Sarawak status in the Malaysian federation in accordance with the Malaysia Agreement, changing "their status from merely a state to an equal partner of the Malayan states". Although the status of both entities were clearly defined in Article I, Malaysia Agreement 1963 as 'states' which shall be federated with the existing states of the Federation of Malaya. However, through the process of the amendment, the bill failed to pass following the failure to reach two-thirds majority support (148 votes) in the Parliament with only 138 agreed with the move while 59 abstained from the voting. Nevertheless, the Malaysian federal government agreed to review the 1963 agreement to remedy breaches of the treaty with the "Special Cabinet Committee To Review the Malaysia Agreement" and directed a Special Task Force Team (Taskforce MA63) to prepare a final report on the 1963 agreement before 31 August 2019.

The governance of the states is divided between the federal government and the state governments, while the federal territories are directly administered by the federal government. The specific responsibilities of the federal and the state governments are listed in the Ninth Schedule of the Constitution of Malaysia. Theoretically, any matter not set out in the Ninth Schedule can be legislated on by the individual states. However, legal scholars generally view this as a "pauper's bequest" because of the large scope of the matters listed in the Ninth Schedule. The courts themselves have generally favoured a broad interpretation of the language of the Ninth Schedule, thus limiting the number of possible subjects not covered. The Ninth Schedule specifically lists the following matters as those that can only be legislated on by the states: land tenure, the Islamic religion, and local government.

Nine of the peninsular states, based on historical Malay kingdoms, are known as the Malay states. Each Malay state has a hereditary ruler as titular head of state and an executive Chief Minister or "Menteri Besar" as politically responsible head of government. The rulers of Johor, Kedah, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Terengganu are styled Sultans. Negeri Sembilan's elective ruler holds the title of "Yamtuan Besar", whereas the ruler of Perlis is titled "Raja". The federal head of state, the "Yang di-Pertuan Agong" (commonly referred to as "King" in English) is elected (de facto rotated) among the nine rulers to serve a 5-year term. Former British settlements and crown colonies of Penang and Malacca (both peninsular), and Sabah and Sarawak (both on Borneo) each have a titular Governor (styled "Yang di-Pertua Negeri") appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong and an executive Chief Minister or "Ketua Menteri".

Sabah and Sarawak have additional powers over their immigration controls as part of the 20-point agreement and 18-point agreement drawn up by respective states when they, together with the Federation of Malaya and Singapore, formed Malaysia. They have separate immigration policies and controls and a unique residency status. Passports are required even for Peninsular Malaysians for travelling between either state and Peninsular Malaysia, or between the two states, however those who are on social/business visits up to three months are allowed to produce a MyKad or birth certificate and obtain a special printout form in lieu of a passport.

Each state has a unicameral legislature called "Dewan Undangan Negeri" ("DUN", State Assembly). Members of DUN are elected from single-member constituencies drawn based on population. The state leader of the majority party in DUN is usually appointed Chief Minister by the Ruler or Governor. The term of DUN members is five years unless the assembly is dissolved earlier by the Ruler or Governor on the advice of the Chief Minister. Usually, DUN of the states in Peninsular Malaysia are dissolved in conjunction with the dissolution of the federal parliament, to have state elections running concurrently with the parliamentary election. However, Rulers and Governors hold discretionary powers in withholding consent to dissolve the DUN. Each state sends two senators elected by the DUN to the "Dewan Negara" (Senate), the upper house of the federal parliament.

The Parliament of Malaysia is permitted to legislate on issues of land, Islamic religion and local government to provide for a uniform law between different states, or on the request of the state assembly concerned. The law in question must also be passed by the state assembly as well, except in the case of certain land law-related subjects. Non-Islamic issues that fall under the purview of the state may also be legislated on at the federal level for the purpose of conforming with Malaysian treaty obligations. Each state is further divided into districts, which are then divided into mukim. In Sabah and Sarawak districts are grouped into "Divisions".

The 3 federal territories were formed for different purposes: Kuala Lumpur is the national capital, Putrajaya is the administrative centre of the federal government, and Labuan serves as an offshore financial centre. Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya were carved out of Selangor, while Labuan was ceded by Sabah. The territories fall under the purview of the Ministry of the Federal Territories, and the Parliament of Malaysia legislates on all matters concerning the territories. Each federal territory elects representatives from single-member constituencies drawn based on population to the "Dewan Rakyat" (House of Representatives) of the Parliament. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong appoints senators to represent the territories in the Dewan Negara; Kuala Lumpur has two senators, while Putrajaya and Labuan each has one.

The local governments for the territories varies: Kuala Lumpur is administered by the Kuala Lumpur City Hall ("Dewan Bandaraya Kuala Lumpur"), headed by an appointed mayor ("Datuk Bandar"), while Putrajaya is administered by the Putrajaya Corporation ("Perbadanan Putrajaya") and Labuan by the Labuan Corporation ("Perbadanan Labuan"); each corporation is headed by a chairman.

The states of Sabah and Sarawak merged with the existing states of the Federation of Malaya and Singapore pursuant to the Malaysia Agreement in 1963 to form the independent state of Malaysia. Representatives from Sabah and Sarawak demanded a higher degree of autonomy as part of the bargain which were included in the 20-point agreement and 18-point agreement respectively. It has also been argued that Sabah and Sarawak have equal status to that of Malaya as a whole, however the Constitution of Malaysia have listed both these entities as merely 2 of the 13 states of Malaysia, suggesting an equal status with the states of Malaya. Sabah and Sarawak still retains a relatively higher degree of autonomy compared to the peninsular states in areas such as immigration, some control over state revenue and legislative power over land and local government.

Singapore was a Malaysian state from the formation of Malaysia on 16 September 1963 until it was expelled from the Federation on 9 August 1965. During its time as a state of Malaysia, Singapore had autonomy in the areas of education and labour and was the smallest state in Malaysia by land area.

Brunei was invited to join the Federation but decided not to at the end due to several issues, such as the status of the Sultan within Malaysia, division of Bruneian oil royalties, and pressure from opposition groups which amounted to the Brunei Revolt.



Grossglockner

Grossglockner or "Großglockner" is the highest mountain in Austria (3798 m). The Pasterze Glacier in Carinthia, Spittal an der Drau District, is on North Side of the mountain chain, directly beneath Großglockner, Kleinglockner and Glocknerwand.

Mark Hyman (doctor)

Mark Adam Hyman (born November 22, 1959) is an American physician, author and columnist. 

He is the founder and medical director of The UltraWellness Center.

Dating the Bible

The oldest Hebrew Bible writings that are still here today, the Dead Sea Scrolls, were written in about the 2nd century BCE. The oldest writing that has no pieces missing is a Greek translation called the Septuagint. It is from the 4th century - the Codex Sinaiticus. The oldest parts of the Masoretic Text, which is where we get modern Hebrew Bibles, are from the 9th century. Almost no biblical writing was written at the same time as the events it talks about. Most of the writings about Jesus Christ were written long after he lived, some of them hundreds of years after.

These tables show the chronology (order) of the Bible and when in history they were written. Much of the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament may have been put together in the 5th century BCE. Most of the New Testament books were written in the second half of the 1st century CE. The Deuterocanonical books fall in between.



Quarraisha Abdool Karim

Quarraisha Abdool Karim, (PhD) is a South African medical doctor who specializes in infectious diseases (epidemiologist).
She is the co-founder and near Scientific Director of CAPRISA.

National University of La Matanza

The National University of La Matanza is an Argentine public university located in La Matanza Partido, Buenos Aires Province.

Red Brigades

The Red Brigades (Brigate Rosse) were an armed left-wing group from Italy. It acted in the 1970s and 1980s. They killed the former Prime Minister. The Center for International Security and Cooperation said the BR was a terrorist group.

Here are some of the crimes done by the Red Brigades:


In September 1974, the leaders were caught. They were given 18 years in confinement.

Mario Moretti

Mario Moretti is an Italian terrorist leader. Leader of the BR. One of the killers of Christian Democrat, Aldo Moro.

Human Shield (political party)

Human Shield (political party) is a political party from Croatia. Human Shield was brought together in June 2, 2011.

Bad Habits (Ed Sheeran song)

"Bad Habits" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. It was released on June 24, 2021, as the lead single from his fifth studio album, "=" (2021). The song is a dance-pop song and is the first of this genre released by Sheeran. It was written by Sheeran, Fred Gibson, and Johnny McDaid, with production by the three along with Parisi and Graham Archer.

The song reached number one in Australia, Canada, and the UK and the top two in the U.S.

Lake Itasca

Lake Itasca is a glacial lake found in north Minnesota. It is the primary source for the Mississippi River. Although the river has tributaries which contribute a large volume of water to it, none are as dramatic as the lake's. Many science experiments are carried out here because of the lake's surrounding ecology and geography.

Wyoming (1947 movie)

Wyoming is a 1947 American western movie directed by Joseph Kane and starring Wild Bill Elliott, Vera Ralston, John Carroll, Albert Dekker, Virginia Grey, Grant Withers, Ray Barcroft. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.

Keithville, Louisiana

Keithville is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

The Mummy Returns (video game)

The Mummy Returns is a 2001 action and platform video game released for the PlayStation 2, and Game Boy Color. The game was released in the North America & PAL regions and is based on the popular Universal Pictures film "The Mummy Returns".


Sunset Valley, Texas

Sunset Valley is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States.

Rollingwood, Texas

Rollingwood is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States.

West Lake Hills, Texas

West Lake Hills is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States.

Hiro Matsushita

Matsushita was born in Nishinomiya city, Japan, and graduated from Konan University. He is the grandson of Kōnosuke Matsushita, founder of Panasonic, and son of Masaharu Matsushita, who served as the second president of Panasonic for sixteen years beginning in 1961. His relationship has allowed him to receive financial backing from Panasonic throughout his racing career.

Matsushita started his career racing motorcycles in his home country between 1977 and 1979, before making the switch to four wheels. With Panasonic's backing, he then moved to the United States and entered his first Formula Ford race in 1986. He finished second at the 24 Hours of Daytona and third at the Sebring 12 Hours in 1988. Matsushita began to make his name known by winning the 1989 Champ Car Atlantic Championshipchampionship (Pacific division) with the largest point margin of all time.

He graduated to Champ Car in 1990, scoring one point in his debut season. Inexplicably, he never showed the pace that took him to four Atlantic victories; instead, he quickly earned a reputation for being at the tail end of the grid, always outperformed by his teammates. Nonetheless, he became the first Japanese driver to race in the Indianapolis 500 in 1991 and followed that achievement with a top ten finish at Milwaukee Mile|Milwaukee. Matsushita missed the 1992 Indianapolis 500 after suffering a broken leg during a practice crash. He was sidelined for several weeks and missed the next six events as well.

At the Phoenix International Raceway|Phoenix race in 1994, Matsushita endured a horrific crash in which his car was cut in half by Jacques Villeneuve's car traveling at nearly full speed. He emerged from his destroyed car with only minor injuries. The same year, he earned his best career finish of 6th position at the Marlboro 500 at Michigan International Speedway. This result was made possible by an extraordinarily high rate of attrition that saw only 8 cars finish the race. Matsushita was 11 laps behind the leader at the drop of the checkered flag.

By the time he retired in 1998, Matsushita had started 117 Champ Car races for Dick Simon Racing, Walker Racing, Arciero/Wells Racing, and Dale Coyne Racing|Payton/Coyne. He holds the record for most starts in American Championship Car Racing history without scoring a Top 5.

In 2001, Matsushita competed in the Baja 1000 off-road race, in a Mitsubishi Montero.

Away from the track, Matsushita owns Swift Engineering, an American engineering firm known for producing racing cars for a variety of open-wheel racing series, including Formula Ford, Formula Atlantic, the Champ Car World Series, and Formula Nippon. He bought Swift in 1991. Matsushita resides in San Clemente, California.


Castle Hills, Texas

Castle Hills is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Converse, Texas

Converse is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Hill Country Village, Texas

Hill Country Village is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Kirby, Texas

Kirby is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Olmos Park, Texas

Olmos Park is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Sandy Oaks, Texas

Sandy Oaks is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Shavano Park, Texas

Shavano Park is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Somerset, Texas

Somerset is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Terrell Hills, Texas

Terrell Hills is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Universal City, Texas

Universal City is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Windcrest, Texas

Windcrest is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Kōnosuke Matsushita



Konosuke Matsushita was honoured at Stanford University by endowing a Professorship in International Strategy and Management. The official name of the course is "The Konosuke Matsushita Professorship in International Strategy and Management"



Hirata Tosuke

Count was a Japanese statesman and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan, active in the Meiji and Taishō period Empire of Japan.

Hirata was born in the Yonezawa Domain, Dewa Province (currently Yamagata Prefecture) as the son of a local "samurai". He was sent by the domain to Edo for studies, and subsequently fought in the Boshin War on the side of the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei. After the Meiji Restoration, was ordered by the domain to go to Tokyo and study at the "Daigaku Nankō" (predecessor of Tokyo Imperial University). After graduating, he was a student member of the Iwakura Mission of 1871 along with Makino Nobuaki. He later stayed in Germany to study at Heidelberg University (where he studied politics and international law) and Leipzig University (where he studied commercial law). He is the first Japanese with a doctorate degree.

Hirata returned to Japan in 1876 and served in a number of posts in the new Meiji government's Ministry of Finance, and later became Documentation Bureau Director of the Grand Council "(Daijō-kan)" and Legislation Bureau Director. In 1890, he was selected as a member of the House of Peers of the new Diet of Japan by Imperial command. 

He successively held important posts including chief secretary of the Privy Council, director-general of the Legislation Bureau, Agriculture and Commerce Minister in the first Katsura cabinet, Home Minister in the second Katsura cabinet, provisionary Diplomatic Investigation Board member, and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan. 

Hirata was also very active in the movement of local agricultural reforms, an industrial cooperative program, and poverty relief projects, striving to protect the local country people against the inflationary economy after the Russo-Japanese War and World War I.


William J. Boarman

William Joseph Boarman (June 30, 1946 – August 22, 2021) was an American printer. He was the 26th Public Printer of the United States from 2010 until 2012. He was Senior Vice-President of the Communications Workers of America (CWA) and President of that union's Printing, Publishing & Media Works Sector. 

Boarman died on August 22, 2021 in Severna Park, Maryland, aged 75.

Severna Park, Maryland

Severna Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. Severna Park's population was 39,933 at the 2020 census.

Charlie Watts

Charles Robert Watts (2 June 1941 – 24 August 2021) was an English drummer and composer. 

Watts was born in London. His career began in 1959.

He was known for being the main drummer of the Rolling Stones. He was one of the band's longest serving members from 1963 until his death. 

In 1989, Watts was elected to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of The Rolling Stones. 

In 2016, he was named 12th on "Rolling Stone"s "100 Greatest Drummers of All Time" list.

In addition to being a rock drummer, Watts was also a Jazz drummer and stated in a lot of interviews that he would have much rather had been a Jazz drummer, than a Rock drummer.

Watts studied in Architecture, and also drew the room layout of the hotel rooms he stay in when touring with the Rolling Stones.

Watts died in a London hospital on 24 August 2021, at the age of 80.


Said al-Harumi

Said al-Harumi or Saeed Alkharumi (, , (January 10, 1972August 25, 2021) was an Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for the Joint List (2017–2021) and the United Arab List (2021). Al-Harumi was born in Shaqib al-Salam, Israel.

Al-Harumi died on August 25, 2021 of a heart attack in Beersheba, Israel at the age of 49.

2020 Summer Paralympics

The , branded as Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games, were a major international multi-sport parasports event governed by the International Paralympic Committee. They took place in Tokyo, Japan between 24 August and 5 September 2021.

Mahamat Déby

Mahamat ibn Idriss Déby Itno (; born 4 April 1984), also known by his nickname, Mahamat Kaka, is a Chadian politician and general who is the 7th and current President of Chad since 2022. Previously, he was the acting president of Chad and also the Chairman of the Transitional Military Council from 2021 to 2022. Déby took power after his father, the late president Idriss Déby, was killed while fighting at the 2021 Northern Chad offensive.

Gail Omvedt

Gail Omvedt (2 August 1941 – 25 August 2021) was an American-born Indian scholar, sociologist and human rights activist. She was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Her career began in 1970. She was known for being active in the environmental, farmers' and women's movements, especially with rural women.

She was a senior fellow at the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library and research director of the Krantivir Trust.

Omvedt died on 25 August 2021 at the age of 80.

Wilfried Van Moer

Wilfried van Moer (1 March 1945 – 24 August 2021) was a Belgian footballer. He played 57 times and scored nine goals for the Belgium national team between 1966 and 1982.

Van Moer died in a hospital in Leuven on 24 August 2021 from a stroke, aged 76.

K.S.K. Beveren

Koninklijke Sportkring Beveren ("Royal Sporting Club of Beveren") is a Belgian association football club from the town of Beveren in East Flanders.


Jan Suchý

Jan Suchý (10 October 1944 – 24 August 2021) was a Czech ice hockey player. He was born in Německý Brod, then-Nazi Germany. He was sometimes known as the "European Bobby Orr".

He played in the Czechoslovakia national team in the world championships of 1965, 1966, 1968–71, 1973 and 1974. He also played in the ice hockey tournament of the 1968 Winter Olympics, winning a silver medal with his team.

Suchý died on 24 August 2021 at the age of 76.

Ghazali Mohd Seth

General (Rtd) Tan Sri Dato' Mohd Ghazali bin Mohd Seth (4 February 1929 – 24 August 2021) was a Malaysian military personnel. He was the 7th Chief of Defence Forces of Malaysia from 1982 until 1985. He also was the Army chief from 1977 until 1982. He was born in Johor Bahru, Malaysia.

Ghazali died on 24 August 2021 at a hospital in Kuala Lumpur from heart failure, aged 92. 

Mangala Samaraweera

Mangala Pinsiri Samaraweera (21 April 1956 – 24 August 2021) (, ; ) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was also the first openly gay politician from Sri Lanka. 

He was the Minister of Finance from 2017 to 2019, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs, for two terms from 2005 to 2007 and 2015 to 2017. He was born in Matara, Sri Lanka.

Samaraweera died at a hospital in Colombo, Sri Lanka on 24 August 2021 from COVID-19, aged 65.

Simply Red

Simply Red are a British soul and pop band which formed in Manchester in 1985.

Their singles "Holding Back the Years" (1987) and their cover of "If You Don't Know Me by Now" (1990) were nominated for a Grammy Award.

Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union

The Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union () was the highest body of state authority of the Soviet Union from 1989 to 1991.

Jerry Harkness

Jerald B. Harkness (May 7, 1940 – August 24, 2021) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Indiana Pacers of the American Basketball Association (ABA). Harkness also played for the Loyola of Chicago, where he won the 1963 NCAA Title. He was born in Harlem, New York.

Harkness died on August 24, 2021 at age 81.

Country Joe and the Fish

Country Joe and the Fish was an American psychedelic rock band formed in Berkeley, California, in 1965.

The band self-produced two EPs that drew attention on the underground circuit before signing to Vanguard Records in 1966. Their debut album, "Electric Music for the Mind and Body".

Their second album, "I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die", was released in late 1967.


Olabiyi Durojaiye

Olabiyi Durojaiye (8 February 1933 – 24 August 2021) was a Nigerian politician. He was a member of the Senate of Nigeria for the Ogun East constituency of Ogun State from 1999 until 2003.

Durojaiye died on 24 August 2021 from COVID-19, aged 88.

Anatoliy Chizhov

Anatoliy Chizhov (; 15 June 1934 – 24 August 2021) was a Russian engineer and politician. He was Director of the Progress Rocket Space Centre from 1980 to 1996. He was a member of the Congress of People's Deputies of the Soviet Union from 1989 to 1991.

Chizhov died on 24 August 2021 at the age of 87.

1964 United Kingdom general election

The 1964 United Kingdom general election happened on 15 October 1964. This was five years after the previous election. It resulted in the Conservatives, led by the current Prime Minister Alec Douglas-Home losing. The Labour Party won the election. This meant Harold Wilson would become the new Prime Minister. Labour got a overall majority of four seats.

The Labour Party got a lot more votes in Scotland than before. This was the start of them winning most seats in Scotland. They did this until Scottish National Party won more at the 2015 general election.

O. Chandrashekar

O. Chandrasekhar Menon (10 July 1936 – 24 August 2021) was an Indian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He represented India at the 1960 Summer Olympics (Rome), the 1962 Asian Games (Gold medal),1964 AFC Asian Cup (Silver medal), Merdeka Tournament (Silver Medal - 1959 & 1964) and 1964 Summer Olympics (Tokyo Qualifiers). He was born in Irinjalakuda, British Raj. 

Chandrashekar died on 24 August 2021 in Kolkata, India at the age of 85.

Volodymyr Bondarenko (politician)

Volodymyr Dmytrovych Bondarenko (; 4 December 1952 – 24 August 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 1996 until 2014. Bondarenko was the Head of Kyiv City Administration from 7 March 2014 until 25 June 2014. Bondarenko was born in Okhinky, then-Soviet Union. He was a member of the Fatherland and Reforms and Order Party.

Bondarenko died on 24 August 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 68.

Jean-Luc Nancy

Jean-Luc Nancy (; ; 26 July 1940 – 23 August 2021) was a French philosopher. He was born near Bordeaux, France. He taught at the University of Strasbourg.

Nancy's first book, published in 1973, was "Le titre de la lettre" ("The Title of the Letter", 1992). He wrote many books such as "La remarque spéculative" in 1973 ("The Speculative Remark", 2001) on Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, "Le Discours de la syncope" (1976) and "L'Impératif catégorique" (1983) on Immanuel Kant, "Ego sum" (1979) on René Descartes, and "Le Partage des voix" (1982) on Martin Heidegger.

Nancy died on 23 August 2021 in Strasbourg, France at the age of 81.

Tom Flynn (author)

Thomas W. Flynn (August 18, 1955 – August 23, 2021) was an American author, journalist, novelist, executive director of the Council for Secular Humanism, and editor of its journal "Free Inquiry".

Flynn died on August 23, 2021 at aged 66.

Brick Bronsky

Jeffrey M. Beltzner (April 18, 1964 – August 23, 2021) known by his ring name Brick Bronsky, was an American actor, movie producer, professional wrestler and sports promoter. He was known for his roles in "Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D." (1990), "" (1991), and "" (1994). Bronsky was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. 

Bronsky died at a hospital in Sherman Oaks, California on August 23, 2021 from COVID-19, aged 57.


Jaafar Jaafar

Jaafar Jaafar is a Nigerian journalist and the founder and CEO of Daily Nigerian, an online publishing company.

Jaafar holds a Master's Degree in Communication Studies from Bayero University, Kano Bachelor's Degree in Mass Communication from Bayero University Kano, and a diploma in Public Relations Strategy from London School of Public Relations.

Rabiu Kwankwaso

Rabi'u Musa Kwankwaso, FNSE, FNIQS (born 21 October 1956) is a Nigerian politician who was the Governor of Kano State, minister of depence of the fourth republic and senator.

Elizabeth Blackadder

Dame Elizabeth Violet Blackadder, Mrs Houston, (24 September 1931 – 23 August 2021) was a Scottish painter and printmaker. She was the first woman to be elected to both the Royal Scottish Academy and the Royal Academy. Her work can be seen at the Tate Gallery, the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, and the Museum of Modern Art in New York.

Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé

Juan Carlos Blanco Estradé (19 June 1934 – 22 August 2021) was an Uruguayan lawyer and politician. He was born in Montevideo. He was a member of the Colorado Party. Blanco was Foreign Minister of Uruguay from 1972 to 1976. He was Ambassador to the United Nations from 1982 to 1985. From 1990 to 1995, Blanco Estradé was a member of the Senate.

Blanco Estradé died on 22 August 2021 in Montevideo at the age of 87.

Nick Volpe

Nicholas Peter Volpe (February 23, 1926 – August 21, 2021) was a Canadian football player. He played for the Toronto Argonauts from 1949 until 1952. He won the Grey Cup with the Argonauts in 1950. Volpe was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Volpe died in Toronto on August 21, 2021 at the age of 95.

Andreas Norland

Andreas Norland (9 May 1935 – 21 August 2021) was a Norwegian newspaper editor. He was known as editor of three large newspapers "Adresseavisen", "Verdens Gang" and "Aftenposten". He was born in Bærum, Norway.

Norland died on 21 August 2021, aged 86.

Boutros Gemayel

Boutros Gemayel (29 June 1932 – 21 August 2021) was a Lebanese Maronite Catholic prelate. He was the emeritus Maronite Archbishop of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Cyprus. He was the Archeparch of Cyprus from 1988 until 2008. Gemayel was born in Greater Lebanon.

Gemayel died on 21 August 2021, aged 89.

Osório Bebber

Osório Claudio Bebber, O.F.M. Cap., (June 11, 1929 – August 13, 2021) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the second Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tubarão from 1981 to 1992, the Territorial Prelate of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Coxim from 1992 to 1999, and the second Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Joaçaba from 1999 until his retirement in April 2003. 

He was Bishop Emeritus of Joaçaba until his death in August 2021. Bebber was born in Flores da Cunha, Rio Grande do Sul.

Bebber died of sepsis caused by heart surgery on August 13, 2021 in Caxias do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul at the age of 92.

Caxias do Sul

Caxias do Sul () is a city in Rio Grande do Sul, Southern Brazil. In 2020, the population of Caxias do Sul was estimated at 517,451 people. The city is known for having a large population of German and Italian descent.

Flores da Cunha

Flores da Cunha is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It is the largest producer of wines inside Brazil.

Ileana Gyulai-Drîmbă-Jenei

Ileana Gyulai-Drîmbă-Jenei (12 June 1946 – 25 August 2021) was a Romanian foil fencer. She competed at the 1964, 1968, 1972 and 1976 Olympics and won team bronze medals in 1968 and 1972. She was born in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.

Gyulai-Drîmbă-Jenei was married to Olympian Ion Drîmbă until they divorced. She later married footballer Emerich Jenei.

Gyulai-Drîmbă-Jenei died on 25 August 2021 in Cluj-Napoca at the age of 75.

Ion Drîmbă

Ionel Alexandru "Ion" Drîmbă (also Drâmbă, March 18, 1942 – February 20, 2006) was a Romanian fencer. He competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics and won the first ever Olympic gold medal in fencing for Romania in 1968.

Emerich Jenei

Emerich Jenei or Imre Jenei (also known as Emeric Jenei or Ienei; 22 March 1937) is a Romanian former football player and coach. He is known as one of Romania's best coaches. A player, he played for the national team twelve times from 1959 until 1964.

Lukas Haas

Lukas Daniel Haas (born April 16, 1976) is an American actor and musician. Haas received an Emmy nomination for his role as Ryan White in the television movie "The Ryan White Story".

Gene Kranz

Eugene Francis "Gene" Kranz (born August 17, 1933) is an American aerospace engineer. He was a NASA Flight Director and manager. Kranz was NASA's second Chief Flight Director. He was in charge of the Gemini and Apollo programs. He was born in Toledo, Ohio.

Kranz is a recipient of a Presidential Medal of Freedom, given in 1970 by President Richard Nixon.

In 2010, Kranz was listed as the #2 most popular space hero by the Space Foundation.

Seymour Liebergot

Seymour "Sy" Abraham Liebergot (born February 15, 1936) is a retired NASA flight controller. He worked at NASA during the Apollo program. Liebergot was an EECOM controller. In 1970, he was part of the team that guided Apollo 13 back to Earth. Liebergot was born in Camden, New Jersey.

Liebergot was a Deputy Flight Director on Apollo 4. He was the EECOM flight controller on Apollo 8–15. On Apollo 17. He continued as a controller in the Skylab and ASTP missions.

Glynn Lunney

Glynn Stephen Lunney (November 27, 1936 – March 19, 2021) was an American NASA engineer. He began working at NASA since its creation in 1958. Lunney was a flight director during the Gemini and Apollo programs.

Lunney died on March 19, 2021 at his home near Houston, Texas from leukemia, aged 84.

Janet Malcolm

Janet Clara Malcolm (born Jana Klara Wienerová; July 8, 1934 – June 16, 2021) was an American writer and journalist. She worked at "The New Yorker" magazine. She was the author of "" (1981), "In the Freud Archives" (1984), and "The Journalist and the Murderer" (1990).

Malcolm died from lung cancer at the age of 86 on June 16, 2021, at a hospital in Manhattan.

Bob Walkup

Robert E. Walkup (November 14, 1936 – March 12, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was the 40th Mayor of Tucson from 1999 to 2011.

Walkup died on March 12, 2021, at his home in Tucson from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, aged 84.

Ombretta Fumagalli Carulli

Ombretta Fumagalli Carulli (5 March 1944 – 16 March 2021) was an Italian politician, jurist, and academic.

Carulli began her political career in 1987, when she was elected to the Chamber of Deputies as a member of the Christian Democracy party. 

In 1996, Carulli was elected to the Senate and joined the center-right Pole for Freedoms coalition.

In 1999, she became Undersecretary to the Ministry of the Interior. She then became Undersecretary to the Ministry of Health. She retired in 2001.

Carulli died in Milan on 16 March 2021 at the age of 77.

Karin Strenz

Karin Strenz (14 October 1967 – 21 March 2021) was a German politician. She represented the CDU. Strenz was a member of the Bundestag for the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern between 2009 and 2021.

On 21 March 2021, Strenz fell unconscious during a flight between Cuba and Germany in Limerick, Ireland. She died a few hours later, aged 53.

Susana Canales

Susana Canales Niaucel (5 September 1933 – 22 March 2021) was a Spanish actress. She starred in the 1951 drama "Black Sky" (1951).

Canales died on 22 March 2021 in Madrid, at the age of 87.

Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum

Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum (, ""; 25 December 1945 – 24 March 2021) was an Emirati politician. He was the deputy ruler of Dubai and the minister of finance and industry of the United Arab Emirates (UAE). He was the second son of ruler Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum.

Rashid Al Maktoum died on 24 March 2021 at the age of 75.

Howard Schnellenberger

Howard Leslie Schnellenberger (March 16, 1934 – March 27, 2021) was an American football coach. He held head coaching positions with the National Football League's Baltimore Colts and in college for the University of Miami, University of Oklahoma, University of Louisville, and Florida Atlantic University. Schnellenberger was born in Saint Meinrad, Indiana.

Schnellenberger died on March 27, 2021 in Boca Raton, Florida at the age of 87.

Saint Meinrad, Indiana

Saint Meinrad is a census-designated place (CDP) in Spencer County, Indiana, United States. 

Bibian Mentel

Bibian Mentel-Spee (27 September 1972 – 29 March 2021) was a Dutch three-time Winter Paralympics gold-medalist. Mentel won the Paralympic gold medal in the snowboard cross discipline in the 2014 and 2018 Paralympic Winter Games, as well as in the banked slalom in 2018.

On 5 March 2021, it was announced that she had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. Mentel died on 29 March 2021 from the disease, aged 48.

Joye Hummel

Joye Evelyn Hummel (April 4, 1924April 5, 2021) was an American comic book author. She is known for writing more than 70 "Wonder Woman" stories between 1944 and 1947.

Hummel died on April 5, 2021, one day after her 97th birthday, at her home in Winter Haven, Florida.

Bobby Schilling

Robert Todd Schilling (January 23, 1964 – April 6, 2021) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2013. Schilling was a member of the Republican Party. In 2012, he lost his re-election to Democrat Cheri Bustos. In 2014, he ran for his former seat but lost again to Bustos.

Schilling again ran for public office in 2020 for Iowa's 2nd congressional district, but lost the Republican nomination to Mariannette Miller-Meeks.

In May 2020, Schilling was diagnosed with cancer. He died from the disease on April 6, 2021 in LeClaire, Iowa at the age of 57.

Bobby Leonard

William Robert "Slick" Leonard (July 17, 1932April 13, 2021) was an American professional basketball player, coach and color commentator. He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers. He won the national championship in 1953. 

Leonard coached the Indiana Pacers to three American Basketball Association (ABA) championships. He was added into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach in 2014.

Leonard died on April 13, 2021 in Indianapolis, Indiana, at the age of 88.

Du Jinfang

Du Jinfang (杜近芳; 1932 – 17 April 2021) was a Chinese actress. She worked at the of the China National Peking Opera Company. She appeared in the 1972 movie "The Red Detachment of Women". She was vice chairman of the All-China Youth Federation.

Jinfang died on 17 April 2021, aged 89.

The Unholy Garden

The Unholy Garden is a 1931 American romantic drama movie directed by George Fitzmaurice and was based on the story by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur. It stars Ronald Coleman, Fay Wray, Estelle Taylor, Warren Hymer, Tully Marshall, Lawrence Grant, Henry Kolker and was distributed by United Artists.


Frank Judd, Baron Judd

Frank Ashcroft Judd, Baron Judd (28 March 1935 – 17 April 2021) was a British Labour politician. He was a Senior Fellow of Saferworld NGO from 1994 to 2002. He was a member of the Unite and GMB trade unions. He was a member of the British Parliament from 1966 until 1979. He had cabinet jobs under the governments of Harold Wilson and James Callaghan.

He died in April 2021 at the age of 86.

Vivek (actor)

Vivekanandan (19 November 1961 – 17 April 2021), known professionally as Vivek, was an Indian actor, comedian, television personality, playback singer and social activist. He was known for his roles in "Run" (2002), "Saamy" (2003) and "Perazhagan" (2004).

Vivek died on 17 April 2021 from cardiac arrest in Chennai at the age of 59.

Elizabeth Furse

Elizabeth Furse (October 13, 1936 – April 18, 2021) was a Kenya Colony-born American businesswoman and politician. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 1999, representing Oregon's 1st congressional district. She was a Democrat. She was the first naturalized U.S. citizen born in Africa to win election to the United States Congress.

Furse died on April 18, 2021, at age 84, at her farm near Hillsboro, Oregon from problems caused by a fall.

Kenya Colony

The Colony and Protectorate of Kenya, commonly known as British Kenya, was part of the British Empire in Africa. It was created when the former East Africa Protectorate was transformed into a British Crown colony in 1920.

Boana paranaiba

Boana paranaiba is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog said the adult male frog was 46.3–52.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 46.2–51.2 mm long. The iris of the eye can be bronze in color or gray in color. It can have a blue ring in it. Sometimes there is only half a blue rung. The skin of its back is reddish or yellow in color. It has dark spots. There are wide, brown stripes down its back and all four legs. There is white color around these brown stripes. This frog has a thin white line on its mouth. It has a dark brown line from its nose to each eye. It has a dark brown line under its ear. It has dark spots near its jaw. Its belly is yellow or whitish in color. The insides of the back legs are dark brown with light spots.

Male frogs sing for female frogs on the ground or on plants. They can sit up to 2 m off the ground. Scientists saw that the male frogs had scars on their backs. The scars were not deep. The scientists think the male frogs might fight each other.

The frog is named after the Paranaíba River. The name "paranabia" comes from the Tupi language. It means "large river with muddy water." The Tupi people live near where the frog lives.

Boulevard Nights

Boulevard Nights is a 1979 American crime movie directed by Michael Pressman and starring Richard Yniguez, Danny De La Paz, Carmen Zapata, Victor Millan, James Victor, Daniel Zacapa. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. 


East Slavs

East Slavs are part of the Slavic people.

The most of them are in three countries: in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. East Slavs' national languages are languages from the East Slavic languages group.

Froyla Tzalam

Froyla Tzalam is a Belizean Mopan Maya anthropologist and community leader.

It was announced on 22 April 2021 by Prime Minister of Belize John Briceno that she was nominated to be the next Governor-General of Belize. She is the third Governor-General and the second woman appointed to the role.

Giorgi Mshvenieradze

Georgy Mshvenieradze (born 12 August 1960, in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR) was a Soviet water polo player. His father Peter was the captain of the USSR team throughout the 1950s and appeared at three Olympic Games. Georgy and his brother Nugzar followed their father into the sport.

Celso Amorim

Celso Luiz Nunes Amorim (born June 3, 1942) is a Brazilian politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Relations from July 20, 1993 to December 31, 1994 under President Itamar Franco and again from January 1, 2003 to December 31, 2010 under President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. 

He was Minister of Defence from August 4, 2011 to December 31, 2014 under President Dilma Rousseff.

Seminole High School (Seminole County, Florida)

Seminole High School, originally established as Sanford High School, is a public high school located in Sanford, Florida, operated by Seminole County Public Schools. From 2006 to 2011, Seminole High School was one of the schools in Seminole County on "Newsweek's" list of the top 1,200 schools in the United States. The school offers the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme. The Academy for Health Careers provides a curriculum based on a future career in health care. Students take a health class and health material is integrated into the curriculum of all other subjects. Seminole High also offers Advanced Placement courses in a range of subjects.

Udemy

Udemy, Inc. is an American massive open online course (MOOC) provider. It is aimed at professional adults and students. The company was founded in May 2010 by Eren Bali, Gagan Biyani, and Oktay Caglar.

The platform is a massively-open online course (M.O.O.C.) website,=. On it, anyone can create and promote courses in the style of traditional post-secondary education. Users can also take courses to earn credit towards technical certification, or just to pick up or improve various job-related skills.

As of April 2021, the platform has more than 40 million students, 155,000 courses and 70,000 instructors teaching courses in over 65 languages. There have been over 480 million course enrollments. Students and instructors come from 180+ countries and 2/3 of the students are located outside of the U.S.

Võle

Võle is a village in Haljala Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.

Herschel Walker

Herschel Walker (born March 3, 1962) is an American retired football player, bobsledder, sprinter, and mixed martial artist. He played college football for the University of Georgia. He has been called one of the best college football players of all time. He was the Republican candidate for the United States Senate in Georgia for the 2022 election and was defeated in the runoff election by Raphael Warnock.

Walker was born in Augusta, Georgia. He studied at University of Georgia. He was married to Cindy DeAngelis Grossman from 1983 until their divorce in 2002. They have one son, Christian.

Walker began his professional football career with the New Jersey Generals of the United States Football League (USFL) in 1983. He later joined the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). In the NFL, he also played for the Minnesota Vikings, Philadelphia Eagles, and New York Giants. He retired from the NFL in 1997.

He was honored into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1999.

He was named Co-Chair of the President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition after being appointed by President Donald Trump in 2020. He supported Trump's presidential campaigns in 2016 and 2020.

Walker ran for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate from Georgia in the 2022 election. Former President Trump supported his Senate campaign.


Josh Green (politician)

Joshua Booth Green (born February 11, 1970) is an American politician and physician who is the 9th and current Governor of Hawaii since 2022. In 2018, he became the 14th Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

In August 2021, Green announced his candidacy for Governor of Hawaii in the 2022 election. He won the Democratic nomination in August 2022.

Janice McGeachin

Janice K. McGeachin (born January 18, 1963) is an American politician and businesswoman. She was the 43rd lieutenant governor of Idaho from 2018 to 2022. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was a member of the Idaho House of Representatives from 2002 until 2012.

In May 2021, McGeachin filed papers to run for Governor of Idaho in 2022, against incumbent governor Brad Little in the Republican primary. She lost the Republican nomination to Little in May 2022.

Rushern Baker

Rushern L. Baker III (born October 24, 1958) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was elected county executive of Prince George's County, Maryland in 2010 and won re-election in 2014, leaving office in 2018. 

In 2017 and 2018, he ran an unsuccessful primary campaign to become Governor of Maryland. In April 2021, he announced his candidacy for governor in the 2022 election. In June 2022, he ended his campaign.

List of current United States lieutenant governors

The lieutenant governor is the second-highest-ranking government official in 45 of the 50 U.S. States and four of the five territories. Not all states have a lieutenant governor. This article is a list of all lieutenant governors and/or political offices of equal ranking.

Lieutenant governor (United States)

The Lieutenant Governor is an official in state governments of 45 out of 50 of the United States. In most cases, the lieutenant governor is the highest officer of state after the governor. In the event the governor dies or resigns, the lieutenant governor would replace them. Some people believe that lieutenant governors have no power.

Robin Miller (journalist)

Robin Lee Miller (October 27, 1949 – August 25, 2021) was an American motorsports journalist and sports commentator. He worked for "The Indianapolis Star" from 1968 until 2001. He also wrote for "Autoweek", "Car and Driver", "ESPN" and "Speed".

Miller announced he had terminal leukemia in July 2021. He died in Indianapolis from the disease on August 25, 2021 at aged 71.

Ithaca, Michigan

Ithaca is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan located near the center of the state's lower peninsula. The population was 2,853 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Gratiot County.

Alma, Michigan

Alma is the largest city in Gratiot County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 9,488 at the 2020 census.

Lance Robertson

Lance Robertson, also known as "DJ Lance Rock", is an American musician, singer, DJ, and actor best known for the Nickelodeon/Nick Jr. show "Yo Gabba Gabba!". He was born in St. Louis and is based in Los Angeles.


List of lieutenant governors of Ohio

The position of lieutenant governor of Ohio was created in 1852. The lieutenant governor becomes governor if the governor resigns, dies in office or is removed by impeachment.


Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii

The Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii () is the assistant chief executive of the U.S. state of Hawaii.



Doug Chin

Douglas S. Chin (born July 21, 1966) is an American attorney and politician who served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii from February to December 2018. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 14th Attorney General of Hawaii. 

On December 18, 2017, Chin announced his plans to run for the U.S. House of Representatives; in August 2018, he lost the seat's Democratic nomination to Ed Case. 

Shan Tsutsui

Shan S. Tsutsui (born August 9, 1971) is an American politician who was the 12th lieutenant governor of Hawaii from 2012 to 2018. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Hawaii Senate from 2003 to 2012, and he was President of the Senate from 2010 to 2012. 

Lieutenant Governor of Delaware

The Lieutenant Governor of Delaware is the second ranking executive officer of the U.S. state of Delaware. Lieutenant governors are elected for a term of four years in the same general election as the U.S. President and take office the following January.

Bethany Hall-Long is the current lieutenant governor, having taken office January 17, 2017.

<br>

!bgcolor=#cccccc |# 
!bgcolor=#cccccc |Lt. Governor
!bgcolor=#cccccc |Took office
!bgcolor=#cccccc |Left office
!bgcolor=#cccccc |Governor(s) served under
!bgcolor=#cccccc |Party 

Matthew Denn

Matthew P. Denn (born February 9, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 45th Attorney General of Delaware from 2015 until 2019. Denn was the 25th Lieutenant Governor of Delaware from 2009 to 2015.

S. B. Woo

Shien Biau Woo (born August 13, 1937) is an Chinese American professor and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 21st Lieutenant Governor of Delaware from 1985 until 1989.

Lieutenant Governor of Arizona

The lieutenant governor of Arizona is a position that currently does not exist yet. The lieutenant governor will be the first in line to replace the governor of Arizona when the governor dies, resigns or is removed from office. This office will be higher ranking than the current second highest state ranked office of secretary of State.

In November 2022, the office was created after voters approved proposition 131.

Secretary of State of Arizona

The Secretary of State of Arizona is an elected position in the U.S. state of Arizona. Since Arizona does not have a lieutenant governor, the Secretary stands first in the line of succession to the governorship.

Linda Larkin

Linda Larkin (born March 20, 1970) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as the speaking voice of Princess Jasmine in Disney's 1992 animated movie "Aladdin".


Jonathan Freeman (actor)

Jonathan Freeman (born February 5, 1950) is an American actor and puppeteer. He is known for being the voice of Jafar in Disney's "Aladdin" and its sequels. He also played the character on stage.

Jodi Benson

Jodi Marie Benson (née Marzorati; born October 10, 1961) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for providing both the speaking and the singing voice of Princess Ariel in Disney's "The Little Mermaid" and its sequel, prequel, and television series spinoff. Benson also voiced the character Barbie in the "Toy Story" movies.

Born in Rockford, Illinois, she was raised in Gainesville, Georgia. In 1984, she married Ray Benson.


Alrabiaa Network Television

Alrabiaa Network Television (); also called Al Rabiaa TV is an Iraqi satellite television channel. It is based in Baghdad, Iraq. The channel was launched in 2021 by Ghazwan Jassem.


Alrabiaa Network Television acquired the rights to broadcast the matches of the AFC Championships exclusively in all its competitions until 2024, with an estimated amount of 12 million US dollars.

This name represents the fourth authority, and it is a term generally applied to the press and the mass media to highlight their influential role not only in circulating news and knowledge, but also in forming opinion, disclosing information, creating issues and representing the people.

Daikon

Daikon (Japanese for 'big root') or mooli, "Raphanus sativus" var. "longipinnatus," is a mild-flavored winter radish usually characterized by fast-growing leaves and a long, white, root.

Autoregressive model

An autoregressive model is a kind of statistical model. Like all statistics models, the idea is to describe a random process. In an autoregressive model, the output value depends linearly on one of the previous values of the model, plus a random variable, which describes that there is some randomness in the outcome. 

Zoe Sugg

Zoë Elizabeth Sugg (born 28 March 1990), also known by her YouTube name Zoella, is an English YouTuber, vlogger, businesswoman and author. Sugg began posting videos to her YouTube channel in 2009. Her YouTube channel has over 10 million subscribers. In 2014, she launched Zoella Beauty.

Zoe Elizabeth Sugg was born on 28 March 1990 in Lacock, Wiltshire. She went to The Corsham School and Arts College. She left school with A Levels in art, photography and textiles. Sugg did not go to university. Sugg is the older sister of fellow YouTuber Joe Sugg.



Krugerville, Texas

Krugerville is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Lakewood Village, Texas

Lakewood Village is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Oak Point, Texas

Oak Point is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Oak Point has a total area of 6.1 square miles.

Pilot Point, Texas

Pilot Point is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Sanger, Texas

Sanger is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Farmersville, Texas

Farmersville is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States.

Lucas, Texas

Lucas is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States.

Princeton, Texas

Princeton is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States.

Weston, Texas

Weston is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States.

Pillager (disambiguation)

Pillager may refer to:


Typhoon Hagibis

Typhoon Hagibis was a super typhoon of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season. Hagibis caused enormous damage to Japan, killing 118 people and leaving three missing. Japan Meteorological Agency named this typhoon Reiwa 1 East Japan Typhoon (令和元年東日本台風). Due to the severe impacts of Typhoon Hagibis in Japan, the name <nowiki>"Hagibis" was officially retired during the 52nd Annual Session, organized by the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee in February 2020. In February 2021, the Typhoon Committee subsequently chose "Ragasa"</nowiki> as its replacement name.


Yield (disambiguation)

Yield can be:







Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania

The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania (/ˈhwɔːrtən/ "WHAWR-tən"; also known as Wharton Business School, the Wharton School, and Wharton) is the business school of the University of Pennsylvania, United States. Wharton School is believe to be the world's oldest collegiate business school.

Saleh Mamman

Mamman Kwagyang Saleh (born 2 January 1958), is the Nigerian politician and current minister of power.
Saleh holds a higher national diploma in electrical electronics from Kaduna Polytechnic. He also hold an Masters Business Administration from Bayero University Kano.

Wharton

Wharton may refer to:



Babatunde Fashola

Babatunde Raji Fashola, SAN (Yoruba: "Babátúndé Rájí Fáshọlá"; born 28 June 1963) is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and current Federal Minister of Works and Housing. He served two terms as Governor of Lagos State.

Srisailam

Srisailam is a census town in Kurnool district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of in . The town is famous for Mallikarjuna Jyotirlinga Temple.

In 2001, Srisailam had a population of 23,257. 54% of the population were males and 46% of the population were females. Srisailam Project (RFC) Township has an average literacy rate of 75.62% higher than the state average of 67.02%. Male literacy is around 85.68% while female literacy rate is 63.24%. 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Srisailam is one of the popular tourist destinations in Andhra Pradesh.

Shoebill

The shoebill, "Balaeniceps rex", is also called the whalehead, whale-headed stork, or shoe-billed stork. It is a bird in the order Pelecaniformes. It is the only living species in the genus Balaeniceps and the family Balaenicipitidae. 

The bird looks similar to a stork, but can be easily told apart by its famous shoe-shaped beak. The shoebill lives in East Africa, in parts of Sudan, Ethiopia, DR Congo, Zambia, and the Central African Republic. 

The IUCN says that the shoebill is vulnerable. There are thought to be around 5,0008,000 shoebills in the world, but the population might be as big as 10,000. The birds are at risk because of habitat destruction and hunting.

The shoebill was first described by John Gould in 1850. He gave it the scientific name (a two-part name given to types of plants and animals) "Balaeniceps rex". The shoebill is also sometimes called the shoebill stork, shoe-billed stork, or bogbird.

Studies of the shoebill's DNA have shown that the shoebill is in its own family, Balaenicipitidae. These studies have also shown that it is closely related to the pelicans, and so it is now put in the order Pelecaniformes. 

The shoebill is a large, tall bird that is around tall and weighing for males and for females. Males and females look almost the same, but males are a little larger. The birds are easily told apart by their shoe-shaped beak. They are mostly grey in color, with their belly being whitish. The wings are darker than the rest of the body, and the upper body is slightly greenish in color. The beak is usually straw-colored with blackish marks, while the iris (the non-black part of the eye) can be yellow, grey, or whitish in color. The beak has a hook-like end that helps catch fish. Younger birds look similar to adults, but are more brownish and have smaller, more pinkish beaks.

When it is flying, the shoebill looks like other storks and herons. It can be told apart by the shape of its beak and its bluish-grey color.

The shoebill is mostly silent. Sometimes, they do bill-clattering displays near their nests. During these displays, they sometimes make "moo" sounds that are like a cow's. They make high-pitched "beeeeeh" sounds near their nests, and might also make loud sounds when flying. Young shoebills are known to make sounds that are like human hiccups when they want food.

The shoebill lives in marshes from southern Sudan and southwestern Ethiopia to southern DR Congo and northern Zambia. It is also sometimes found in the Central African Republic. It also lives in Uganda, Tanzania, and Kenya. The areas that it lives in are mostly places that also have papyrus and lungfish. It does not migrate, but sometimes moves to different areas when the water level changes.

It likes marshes that have papyrus, reeds, cattails, and grasses. It sometimes lives in marshy areas next to lakes and in places where the water have very little oxygen. In places with very deep water, it needs floating vegetation. 

Rock art from Oued Djerat in eastern Algeria shows that in the early Holocene, shoebills lived much more to the north, in wetlands where the Sahara Desert is now.

Shoebills are solitary by nature, and even their nests are spaced apart. Breeding pairs defend a territory from others of their species.

The shoebill mostly eats fish weighing up to . The main types of fish that it eats are lungfish, Senegal bichir, "Clarias" catfish, and tilapia. It also eats amphibians, young crocodiles, water snakes, rodents, and young waterfowl. The shoebill likes to hunt in areas where the water has less oxygen, because fish in these areas have to come up to breathe. The animals that the shoebill eats depends on where it lives. For example, it mainly eats lungfish and catfish in Uganda, but mainly eats catfish and water snakes in Zambia.

The IUCN says that the shoebill is vulnerable.

Vel' d'Hiv Roundup

The Vel' d'Hiv' Roundup was a mass arrest of foreign Jewish families by French police and gendarmes under the orders of German authorities. It took place in Paris on 16 and 17 July 1942. 13,152 Jews were arrested, including more than 4,000 children.

In the week following the arrests, the Jews were taken to the Drancy, Pithiviers, and Beaune-la-Rolande internment camps, before being shipped to Auschwitz for their mass murder.

Tom Larkin (diplomat)

Thomas Cedric Larkin (17 November 1917 – 17 August 2021) was a New Zealand politician. He was the New Zealand ambassador to Japan between 1972 and 1976. He also played representative cricket for Taranaki in the 1930s. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand.

Larkin died on 17 August 2021 in Wellington at the age of 103.

Eddie Paskey

Edward J. Paskey (August 20, 1939 – August 17, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Lieutenant Leslie on the television series "" from 1966 to 1968. Paskey was born in Delaware, but raised in California.

Paskey died on August 17, 2021, three days before his 82nd birthday in Santa Ana, California.

Jean-Pierre Fragnière

Jean-Pierre Fragnière (18 September 1944 – 22 August 2021) was a Swiss academic and political scientist. He taught at the Haute école spécialisée de Lausanne and the University of Geneva. He founded the Institut universitaire âges et générations. He was Scientific Director from 1998 to 2009 in Sion.

Michael Nader

Michael Nader (February 19, 1945 – August 23, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Dex Dexter on "Dynasty" from 1983 to 1989, and Dimitri Marick on "All My Children" from 1991 to 2001, and in 2013. He also starred as Kevin Thompson on the soap opera "As The World Turns" from 1975 to 1978. Nader was born in St. Louis, Missouri. His career began in 1963.

Nader died on August 23, 2021 at his California home from cancer, aged 76.

Dale Derby

Dale Derby (September 25, 1948 – August 24, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from the 74th district from 2016 to 2018. He was also a physician.

Derby died on August 24, 2021 when he drowned after his boat crashed at Oologah Lake, in Claremore, Oklahoma at age 72.

Patrick Verbeke

Patrick Verbeke (13 April 1949 – 22 August 2021) was a French guitarist, composer, and singer.

Verbeke joined the group "L’Indescriptible chaos rampant" in 1967, "Civilization" in 1970, "Tribu" in 1972, "Magnum" in 1975, and "Bistrock" in 1979. From 1993 to 1998, Verbeke hosted a Saturday-night radio show on Europe 1.

Milan Gutović

Milan "Lane" Gutović (; 11 August 1946 – 25 August 2021) was a Serbian actor, cabaret performer, and television personality. He was best known for his role as Srećko Šojić in "Tesna koža" and "Bela lađa". Gutović was born in Umka, FPR Yugoslavia. His career began in 1967.

Gutović died on 25 August 2021 in Belgrade, Serbia of COVID-19 at the age of 75.

Ted Dexter

Edward Ralph Dexter, (15 May 1935 – 25 August 2021) was an English cricketer. He captained Sussex and England in the early 1960s. He played for the England international team. He was born in Milan, Italy.

In June 2021, he was added into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.

Dexter died on 25 August 2021 in Wolverhampton, England at the age of 86.

Metin Çekmez

Metin Çekmez (26 July 1945 – 25 August 2021) was a Turkish actor.
He had appeared in more than twenty movies. His career began in 1962. His best known roles were in "Binbir Gece" as Burhan Evliyaoglu, "20 Dakkika" as Necmettin Solmaz, and in "Adini Feriha Koydum" as Riza Yilmaz.

Çekmez died on 25 August 2021 from cancer in Aydın, Turkey at the age of 76.

Safran

Safran is a French company specialized in aerospace. Its headquarters are located in Paris. It has been created in 2005 by Snecma and Sagem. 

It provide aircraft engines, helicopters and missiles, aircraft equipment and defense.

The group has more than 81,000 employees.


Eduardo Brizuela del Moral

Eduardo Segundo Brizuela del Moral (20 August 1944 – 25 August 2021) was an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician. He was governor of Catamarca Province from 2003 to 2011. He was also a Senator from 2001 until 2003 and a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2011 until his death. Brizuela del Moral was born in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, Argentina.

Brizuela del Moral died on 25 August 2021 in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca from pneumonia caused by a stroke, five days after his 77th birthday.

Gunilla Bergström

Gunilla Elisabet Dukure Bergström (3 July 1942 – 25 August 2021) was a Swedish author, journalist, and illustrator. She was best known for her series of children's books about the character Alfie Atkins. She was born in Gothenburg, Sweden.

Bergström died on 25 August 2021 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 79.

Elia Hernández Núñez

Elia Hernández Núñez (20 June 1962 – 24 August 2021) was a Mexican politician. She was a member of the National Action Party. From 2006 to 2009, she was a Deputy of the Mexican Chamber of Deputies representing Guanajuato. Hernández Núñez was born in Guanajuato, Mexico.

Hernández Núñez died on 24 August 2021 at the age of 59.

List of lieutenant governors of Alabama

The Lieutenant Governor of Alabama is the president and presiding officer of the Alabama Senate, elected to serve a four-year term. The office was created in 1868, removed in 1875, and recreated in 1901.

Bill Baxley

William Joseph Baxley II (born June 27, 1941), is an American Democratic politician and attorney. From 1983 until 1987, he was the Lieutenant Governor of Alabama.

Baxley reopened the cold case of the 1963 16th Street Baptist Church bombing. In a letter, the Ku Klux Klan threatened him, comparing him to John F. Kennedy, and called him an "honorary nigger." Baxley responded, on official state letterhead: "My response to your letter of February 19, 1976, is—kiss my ass."

Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens

Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a 2016 action-adventure LEGO video game based on the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy.

The successor and latest Lego Star Wars video game is "". It was released on April 5, 2022.

Don Siegelman

Donald Eugene Siegelman (; born February 24, 1946) is a former American politician, lawyer and convicted felon. He was the 51st Governor of Alabama from 1999 to 2003.

Siegelman is the only person in Alabama's history to be elected to serve in all four of the top statewide elected offices: Secretary of State, Attorney General, Lieutenant Governor and Governor. He served in Alabama politics for 26 years.

In 2006 Siegelman was convicted on federal felony corruption charges and sentenced to seven years in federal prison.

Will Ainsworth

Will Ainsworth (born March 22, 1981) is an American politician. He is the 31st and current lieutenant governor of Alabama, since 2019. He formerly served as a representative of the 27th district of the Alabama House of Representatives.

Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga is an action-adventure Lego video game. It was released on April 5, 2022. It features the Skywalker Saga of Star Wars films. 
Its predecessor is "" (2016).

List of lieutenant governors of Alaska

The Lieutenant Governor of Alaska is the deputy elected official to the Governor of the U.S. state of Alaska.


Kevin Meyer (politician)

Kevin Gerald Meyer (born May 9, 1956) is an American politician and businessman. He was the Lieutenant Governor of Alaska from 2018 to 2022. He was a Republican member of the Alaska Senate from January 20, 2009 to December 3, 2018. 

Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas

The Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas presides over the Arkansas Senate with a tie-breaking vote, serves as Governor of Arkansas when the governor resigns, is impeached or dies in office.

Giovanna Fletcher

Giovanna Fletcher (née Falcone, born 29 January 1985) is an English author, actress, blogger, vlogger and presenter. Since 2019, she has presented the CBeebies series "The Baby Club". She won series 20 of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.

Falcone was born in Essex on 29 January 1985 to an Italian father, Mario, and Argentine mother, Kim Falcone. She has two siblings: Giorgina and Mario Falcone. She went the performing arts school Sylvia Young Theatre School in London, as well the Rose Bruford College of Theatre and Performance.

Fletcher is the host of parenting podcast "Happy Mum, Happy Baby". The podcast gained national attention when Kate Middleton came to talk about her own experiences with motherhood. 


Winston Bryant

Winston Bryant (born October 3, 1938) is an American politician and attorney. He was the Secretary of State of Arkansas (1977–1978), the 14th Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas (1981–1991) and Arkansas Attorney General (1991–1999).

Tim Griffin

John Timothy Griffin (born August 21, 1968) is an American lawyer and politician who is the Attorney General of Arkansas since 2023. He became the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas in 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2015. 

In 2020, Griffin announced his candidacy for Governor of Arkansas the 2022 election, but quit the race in February 2021 to run for Arkansas Attorney General instead. He won the Republican nomination for State Attorney General in May 2022.

Trade name

A trade name, trading name, or business name is a pseudonym used by companies that do not operate under their registered company name. The term for this type of alternative name is a "fictitious" business name. Registering the fictitious name with a relevant government body is often required.

In a number of countries, the phrase "trading as" (abbreviated to t/a) is used to designate a trade name. In the United States, the phrase "doing business as" (abbreviated to DBA, dba, d.b.a. or d/b/a) is used, among others, such as assumed business name or fictitious business name. In Canada, "operating as" (abbreviated to o/a) and "trading as" are used, although "doing business as" is also sometimes used.

A company typically uses a trade name to conduct business using a simpler name rather than using their formal and often lengthier name. Trade names are also used when a preferred name cannot be registered, often because it may already be registered or is too similar to a name that is already registered.

Legal agreements (such as contracts) are normally made using the registered legal name of the business. If a corporation fails to consistently adhere to such important legal formalities like using its registered legal name in contracts, it may be subject to piercing of the corporate veil.

In English, trade names are generally treated as proper nouns.

Dianne Primavera

Dianne I. Primavera (born January 28, 1950) is an American politician. She became the 50th Lieutenant Governor of Colorado in 2019. She is a Democrat. She was the Colorado State Representative for the 33rd district from 2007 to 2011 and again from 2013 to 2017.

List of lieutenant governors of Colorado

The Lieutenant Governor of Colorado is the second-highest-ranking member of the Government of Colorado, United States. They replace the Governor of Colorado if they resign, die or are impeached.

Nancy E. Dick

Nancy E. Dick (born July 22, 1930) is an American politician. She was the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Colorado. from 1979 to 1987 while Governor Richard Lamm. She was Colorado's first female lieutenant governor. She is a Democrat.

Bill Ratliff

William Roark Ratliff (born August 16, 1936), is an American politician and engineer. He was a member of the Texas Senate from 1988 to 2004. Between 2000 and 2003 he was the 40th lieutenant governor of Texas, after Lieutenant Governor Rick Perry replaced Governor George W. Bush. Bush resigned to become president of the United States.

Ben Barnes (politician)

Benny Frank Barnes (born April 17, 1938) is an American real estate investor, politician, and crisis manager. He was Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives from 1965 to 1969. Barnes was the 36th Lieutenant Governor of Texas from January 21, 1969 to January 16, 1973, for two two-year terms.

Gorman, Texas

Gorman is a city in Eastland County, Texas, United States. 976 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Tuguegarao

Tuguegarao, officially called the City of Tuguegarao, is a city in the Cagayan Province of Northeastern Philippines. Tuguegarao is the capital and largest city of the Cagayan Province in the Philippines. The city has a population of 170,000 people, making it the most populous city in the Cagayan Province of Northeastern Philippines. The highest temperature recorded in the Philippines was in Tuguegarao, where it hit 42 degrees Celsius back in May 11,1969. The city is surrounded by the Sierra Madre Mountain Range to the right.
Tuguegarao was founded in May 9, 1604, and it's cityhood was founded in December 18, 1999. In 1720, Father Antonio Lobato, O.P developed a street network together with the construction of Tuguegarao Cathedral. In 1839, Tuguegarao was transfered from Lal-o as the Manila-Tuguegarao road was opened, which had socio-economic progress. American troops occupied the town in December 12, 1899. Some changes in the city were noticed over the course of provincial administrations. The first provincial capitol was built in 1909. The Cagayan Valley College of Arts and Trades was founded by an American named Claude Andrews. During World War II, the city and its airfield was captured by the Japanese Imperial Army on December 12, 1941, as part of the Japanese invasion of Appari. The city soon became the capital and seat of the regional government of Cagayan Valley back in 1975.

Tuguegarao's location is in the bottom part of the province. The city is bordered by Iguig at the top; Cagayan River and Solana to the left; and to the right by Peñablanca. The city is almost enclosed by the Cagayan River in the leftwards and downwards part of the city. Small bodies of waters are found in the city. Historically, the residents of this town mainly relied on fishing, farming, and hunting. Additionally, natives have ventured on weaving cloth. The city comprises of forty-nine barangays. 

The dominant religion of Tuguegarao and all the rest of the Philippines is Catholic Christianity, due to the invasion of Spanish people in 1521. The remaining religions are divided with Islam and other Christian groups. 

Tuguegarao experiences a hot climate. The average temperature during March and April is 38 degrees Celsius, one of the highest in the country. On May 11, 1969, the highest temperature in the Philippines was recorded in Tuguegarao at 42 degrees Celsius, beating the previous record of 39 degrees Celsius which was also measured in Tuguegarao in May 1912. The city was tagged as the "Hottest City in the Philippines". 

Every August, an annual festival takes place in Tuguegarao, celebrated in commemoration of the city's patron saint, San Jacinto de Polonia, whose feast day falls on August 16. The main event of the celebration is its opening day. The concept started back in 2014. Other highlights of the weeklong festival include contests, where various schools participate, everyone dressed in colorful costumes and props. 

Transportation plays a main part in keeping Tuguegarao's economy up and running.

Tuguegarao buildings.

Church of San Jacinto in Tuguegarao.

The ruins of Horno in Tuguegarao.

Buntun bridge at nautical twilight.

Tuguegarao Cathedral, the most popular church in Tuguegarao.

List of lieutenant governors of Connecticut

The following is a list of deputy or lieutenant governors of the State of Connecticut, from the Colonial period until now.

Peter L. Cashman

Peter L. Cashman (born May 22, 1936), is an American politician. He was the 100th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1973 to 1975.

Nancy Wyman

Nancy S. Wyman (born April 21, 1946) is an American Democratic Party politician. She was the 108th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut, from 2011 to 2019.

Susan Bysiewicz

Susan Bysiewicz ( ; born September 29, 1961) is an American politician. She became the 109th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut on January 9, 2019. She was the 72nd secretary of the state of Connecticut from 1999 to 2011. 

She ran unsuccessfully for governor of Connecticut in 2010 and for the United States Senate in 2011.

Jacqueline Coleman

Jacqueline Coleman (born June 9, 1982) is an American educator and politician. She is the 58th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky since 2019. She has worked as an administrator, teacher, and basketball coach. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was also Kentucky's Secretary of Education and Workforce Development from 2019 to 2021.

In December 2023, Coleman had a double mastectomy because of her family's history with breast cancer.


Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky

The office of Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky was created under the state's second constitution, which was ratified in 1799. The current Lieutenant Governor is Democrat Jacqueline Coleman, who has been office since December 10, 2019.

Boana caipora

Boana caipora is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it 700 to 800 meters above sea level in Atlantic forest.

Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana

The Office of Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana () is the second highest state office in Louisiana. The current lieutenant governor is Billy Nungesser, a Republican. The Lieutenant Governor is the commissioner of the Louisiana Department of Culture, Recreation & Tourism. They are elected separately than from the governor.


Billy Nungesser

William Harold Nungesser (born January 10, 1959), is an American politician. He has been the 54th Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana since 2016. He is a Republican. 

Dance Into Happiness

Dance Into Happiness () is a 1930 German musical movie directed by Max Nosseck (who also stars) and also starring Ilse Stobrawa, Fred Doederlein, Lotte Hané, Alwin Neuß, Heinrich Gotho.

Boyd Rutherford

Boyd Kevin Rutherford (born April 1, 1957) is an American politician, businessman, and attorney. He was the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 2015 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Rutherford was nominated by President George W. Bush to be Associate Administrator in the U.S. General Services Administration. He was in this role from 2001 to 2003.

Anthony G. Brown

Anthony Gregory Brown (born November 21, 1961) is an American lawyer and politician who is the Attorney General of Maryland since 2023. He was the U.S. Representative for Maryland's 4th congressional district from 2017 to 2023. He was the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Maryland, from 2007 to 2015. 

In 2014, Brown ran unsuccessfully for governor, losing to Republican Larry Hogan.

In October 2021, Brown announced that he will not run for reelection to the House in 2022 because he will run for Maryland Attorney General. He won the Democratic primary on July 19, 2022. He defeated Republican lawyer Michael Peroutka in the general election on November 8, 2022, becoming Maryland's first Black attorney general.

Michael Steele

Michael Stephen Steele (born October 19, 1958) is an American conservative political commentator, attorney, and Republican Party politician. Steele was the seventh lieutenant governor of Maryland from 2003 to 2007. He was the first African-American elected to statewide office in Maryland.

He made an unsuccessful run in the 2006 U.S. Senate election in Maryland, losing to Democrat Ben Cardin. He was the Chair of the Republican National Committee from 2009 to 2011. 

In 2020, he formally endorsed Joe Biden for the presidency.

Lieutenant Governor of Maryland

The Lieutenant Governor of Maryland is the second highest-ranking official in the executive branch of the state government of Maryland in the United States.


Constitution amended November 4, 1970 to create the office of Lieutenant Governor.


Melvin Steinberg

Melvin A. Steinberg (born October 4, 1933) is an American politician and lawyer. He was the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 1987 to 1995 under Governor William Donald Schaefer. He was also President of the Maryland State Senate from January 1983 to 1987, and a member of the State Senate from 1967 until his election as Lieutenant Governor.

Battambang

Battambang, () is a city in Northwest Cambodia. It is the capital and largest city of Battambang Province in Northwest Cambodia. It is the 3rd largest city in Cambodia after Phnom Penh and Siem Reap.

The city was settled at the 11th century. Battambang's population was centered along a single road parallel to the Sangkae River. In the 18th century, there are now 2,500 people living in Battambang in that time. In 1795, modern-day Thailand got the following provinces of Cambodia: Banteay Meanchey, Battambang, Oddar Meanchey, Pailin, and Siem Reap. The Thai ruled Battambang as a provincial capital of Battambang in Thailand, through the Thai speaking Abbhaiwongae family of Cambodia, which was until 1907, when the province and entire Cambodia became part of the French Indochina colony.
Battambang is the capital and largest city of Battambang Province. It lies at the northwest part of Cambodia. It's location was 13°06’N, 103°12’E. The city is 280 kilometers northwest of Phnom Penh, 163 kilometers west of Siem Reap, and 114 kilometers southwest from Poi Pet and the Cambodia-Thailand border.
As of 2019, Battambang has 119,251 people living in the city of Battambang.
Theravada Buddhism is the pre-dominant religion of Krong Battambang, Cambodia. The Buddhist temples of the city are Ek Phnom Pagoda, Wat Kandal, Wat Sampeu, and Wat Samrong Knong.

The district is subdivided into 10 communes ("khum").

Delbert Hosemann

Charles Delbert Hosemann Jr. (born June 30, 1947) is an American Republican politician. He is the 33rd and current Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi, since January 2020. From 2008 to 2020, he was the Secretary of State of Mississippi.


Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi

The Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi is the second-highest ranking executive officer in Mississippi, below the Governor of Mississippi.

Mike Kehoe

Mike Kehoe (born January 17, 1962) is an American Republican politician. He is the 48th Lieutenant Governor of Missouri since June 18, 2018. From 2015 until 2018, he was the Majority Leader of the Missouri Senate.

In March 2021, Kehoe announced his plans to run for governor in 2024.

List of lieutenant governors of Missouri

The Lieutenant Governor of Missouri is the first person in the order of succession of the U.S. state of Missouri's executive branch to become Governor of Missouri.

Kristen Juras

Kristen Juras (née Gustafson; born October 16, 1955) is an American businesswoman, attorney, law professor, and politician. She is the 37th Lieutenant Governor of Montana since 2021. She is a Republican.

Juras was first elected in November 2020 and assumed office on January 4, 2021.

List of lieutenant governors of Montana

The Lieutenant Governor of Montana is an elected official in the State of Montana that ranks just below the Governor of Montana.


John Bohlinger

John Bohlinger, Jr. (born April 21, 1936) is an American businessman and politician who served as the 33rd Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 2005 to 2013. He unsuccessfully ran for the United States Senate in 2014.

John Walsh (Montana politician)

John Edward Walsh (born November 3, 1960) is an American politician and former military officer. He was a United States Senator from Montana from 2014 to 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 34th Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 2013 to 2014 under Governor Steve Bullock.

In October 2013, Walsh announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate in 2014 to replace Max Baucus. In August 2014, he dropped out of the race after "The New York Times" reported he had plagiarized parts of a research paper he had written at the Army War College in 2007. 

Angela McLean

Angela McLean (born August 19, 1970) is an American politician and educator who served as the 35th Lieutenant Governor of Montana from February 10, 2014, to January 3, 2016.

Mike Foley (Nebraska politician)

Mike Foley (born April 5, 1954) is an American politician. He was the Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska from 2015 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Nebraska Legislature from 2001 to 2007.

List of lieutenant governors of Nebraska

This is a list of lieutenant governors of Nebraska.


John E. Nelson (Nebraska politician)

John E. Nelson (born December 29, 1935) is an American politician who served as the 40th Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska from September 29, 2014 to January 8, 2015 under Governor Dave Heineman. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Kate Marshall

Kathleen Marie Marshall (née Soltero; born July 22, 1959) is an American lawyer and politician. She was the 35th Lieutenant Governor of Nevada from 2019 until 2021. She is a member of the Democratic Party and was the Nevada State Treasurer. In 2021, she became the White House Senior Advisor to Governors during the Joe Biden administration.

Lieutenant Governor of Nevada

The Nevada Lieutenant Governor is an elected office in the U.S. state of Nevada. They are elected for 4 year terms. The 37th and current Lieutenant Governor is Stavros Anthony (Republican) since 2023.


Lorraine Hunt

Lorraine T. Hunt (born March 11, 1939) is an American businesswoman and politician. She was the 32nd Lieutenant Governor of Nevada from 1999 to 2007. She is the owner of many restaurants and casinos in Las Vegas. She unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Nevada in 2006.

Sue Wagner

Sue Ellen Wagner (née Pooler; born January 6, 1940) is an American politician. She was the 30th Lieutenant Governor of the U.S. State of Nevada from 1991 to 1995. She was the first woman to be elected to the position. She was a member of the Republican Party.

Robert E. Rose

Robert E. Rose (October 7, 1939 – February 14, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Democrat. He was the 26th Lieutenant Governor of Nevada from 1975 to 1979 and was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Nevada in 1978. 

Rose died on February 14, 2022 at the age of 82.

Howie Morales

Henry C. "Howie" Morales (born January 5, 1973) is an American politician and educator. He is the 30th Lieutenant Governor of New Mexico since 2019. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Morales was the New Mexico State Senator from 2008 until 2019.

Lieutenant Governor of New Mexico

The lieutenant governor of New Mexico is a constitutional office in the executive branch of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the second highest-ranking official in the state government. The lieutenant governor ranks first in the gubernatorial line of succession and is also the officer of the legislative branch, president of the Senate and the presiding officer of the Senate.

Howie Morales is the 30th and current lieutenant governor of New Mexico, in office since January 2019.

The lieutenant governor is the president of the Senate. The lieutenant governor has the power to preside over the Senate and has the authority exercise a tie-breaking vote.

The lieutenant governor serves on the following boards and commissions:


Under the New Mexico Constitution, a person must:


The lieutenant governor is elected on a ticket with the governor as their running mate to a four-year term. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have a majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

The lieutenant governor is first in the line of succession to become governor if the governor dies resigns, or is impeached from office.

Casey Luna

Casey E. Luna (born May 26, 1931) is an American Democratic politician, businessman, and racing driver. He was Lieutenant Governor of New Mexico from 1991 to 1995, under Governor Bruce King. He is also a businessman.

Roberto Mondragón

Roberto A. Mondragón (born July 27, 1940) is an American politician, musician, and activist. He was the Green Party nominee for governor of New Mexico in 1994. He was lieutenant governor of New Mexico from 1971 to 1975 and from 1979 to 1983. 

Mark Robinson (American politician)

Mark Keith Robinson (born August 8, 1968) is an American politician. He is the 35th lieutenant governor of North Carolina since 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is the first African-American to hold the office. He is known for his controversial views on transgender people, former President Barack Obama and Muslims.

Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina

The Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina is the second highest elected official in the U.S. state of North Carolina and is the only elected official to have powers in both the legislative and executive branches of state government.



Brent Sanford

Brent Sanford (born December 23, 1971) is an American politician. He was the 38th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 2016 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was Mayor of Watford City from 2010 to 2016.

Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota

The Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota is a political office in North Dakota. They are the second-highest ranking official in North Dakota, behind the Governor of North Dakota.



Richard F. Larsen

Richard F. Larsen (born August 12, 1936) is an American politician. He was the 30th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1969 to 1973 under Governor William L. Guy. Larsen also was in the North Dakota House from 1965 to 1966 and the North Dakota Senate from 1967 to 1968.

Wayne Sanstead

Wayne Godfrey Sanstead (born April 16, 1935) is an American politician. He was born in Hot Springs, Arkansas. He was the North Dakota Superintendent of Public Instruction from 1985 to January 1, 2013, and from 1972 to 1981 as the Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota.

Lloyd Omdahl

Lloyd B. Omdahl (born January 5, 1931) is an American politician. He was the 34th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota.

Rosemarie Myrdal

Rosemarie Myrdal (born May 20, 1929) is an American Republican Party politician. She was the second female, and 35th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1993 to 2001 under Governor of North Dakota Ed Schafer. She also was in the North Dakota House of Representatives from 1985 to 1992.

Matt Pinnell

Matt Pinnell (born August 15, 1979) is an American Republican politician. He is the 17th lieutenant governor of Oklahoma, since 2019. Pinnell is also the first Oklahoma Secretary of Tourism & Branding.

Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma

The Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma is the second-highest executive official of the state government of Oklahoma.

The 17th Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma is Republican Matt Pinnell. His first term began on January 14, 2019.



Todd Lamb (politician)

Todd Lamb (born October 19, 1971) is an American politician who served as the 16th lieutenant governor of Oklahoma from 2011 to 2019.
He is a Republican. He was a member of the Oklahoma Senate from 2004 to 2011. 


Angom Gopi

Angom Gopi, also known as Angom Chaopa (1710-1780), was an Indian Meitei writer and a court scholar of Emperor Garib Niwaj Pamheiba of Medieval Manipur. He is best known for introducing "Hindu literature" (especially Sanskrit and Bengali literary works) into Meitei literature (Manipuri literature). He was one of the best translators during his time. He transcribed the Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya secretly before the occurrence of the Puya Mei Thaba. Regarding his contributions to Hindu Manipuri literature, he translated the Mahabharata written by Gangadas Sen in Bengali and the Ramayana written by Kritibas in Bengali into Manipuri language (Meetei language).


Sabina Matos

Sabina Matos (born February 13, 1974) is a Dominican-American politician. She is the 70th lieutenant governor of Rhode Island since April 2021. Sabina Matos is the first Afro-Latina lieutenant governor and the first Dominican-American to hold state-wide office in the United States. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

In March 2023, Matos announced her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives to represent Rhode Island's 1st congressional district. She lost in the September primaries to Gabe Amo.

List of lieutenant governors of Rhode Island

The office of lieutenant governor of Rhode Island is held by Sabina Matos, who was sworn in on April 14, 2021, after Daniel McKee went from Lieutenant Governor to Governor. The office is the second highest-ranking office in the state, behind the office of the governor.

During the 2010 elections, the Cool Moose Party candidate Bob Healey ran as Lieutenant Governor wanting to officially abolish the office he was running for.

Thomas R. DiLuglio

Thomas Ross DiLuglio (born November 25, 1931) is an American politician and lawyer. He is a member of the Democratic Party. DiLuglio was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He was the 62nd Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island from 1977 until 1985.

Pamela Evette

Pamela Sue Evette (born August 28, 1967) is an American politician and businesswoman. Since 2019, she is the 93rd lieutenant governor of South Carolina. She serves as lieutenant governor under Governor Henry McMaster. She is a member of the Republican Party.

Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina

The Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina is the second-in-command to the Governor of South Carolina. The current lieutenant governor is Pamela Evette, who took office January 9, 2019.

Legend:

Kevin L. Bryant

Kevin L. Bryant (born February 19, 1967) is an American politician, pharmacist, and businessman. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the 92nd Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina from January 25, 2017 to January 9, 2019. He was in the South Carolina Senate from 2005 to 2017. 

He lost the Republican gubernatorial nomination in 2018 to Governor Henry McMaster.

Bryant is a Creationist who believes the entire Universe was created in 6 days about 6,000 years ago.

Larry Rhoden

Larry Rhoden (born February 5, 1959) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 39th lieutenant governor of South Dakota since 2019. He is a Republican.

Lieutenant Governor of South Dakota

The Lieutenant Governor of South Dakota is the lieutenant governor of the U.S. state of South Dakota. The officeholder is the second-ranking member of the executive branch of South Dakota state government and also is the speaker of the South Dakota Senate.


Matt Michels

Matthew Michels (born March 9, 1960) is an American politician. He was the 38th lieutenant governor of South Dakota, from 2011 to 2019. 

Deidre Henderson

Deidre Marie Hulse Henderson (born September 4, 1974) is an American politician. She is the ninth Lieutenant Governor of Utah since January 4, 2021. From 2013 to 2021, she was a member of the Utah State Senate.

Lieutenant Governor of Utah

The Office of the Lieutenant Governor of Utah was created in 1975. Nine people have held the position since then.

The incumbent lieutenant governor is Republican Deidre Henderson, who has served since 2021.


Greg Bell (politician)

Gregory S. Bell (born October 16, 1948) is an American Republican politician, real estate developer, and attorney. He was the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Utah from 2009 until 2013. He was a member of the Utah State Senate from 2003 until 2009.

Molly Gray

Molly Gray (born March 18, 1984) is an American attorney and politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was the 83rd lieutenant governor of Vermont from 2021 to 2023. She is the fourth woman to serve as Vermont's lieutenant governor.

In December 2021, Gray announced that she would be a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2022. She lost the Democratic nomination in August 2022 to Becca Balint.

List of lieutenant governors of Vermont

The Lieutenant Governor of Vermont is elected for a two-year term and chosen separately from the governor.

 (7)
 (5)



Brian Dubie

Brian E. Dubie (born 9 March 1959) is an American politician. He was the 80th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 2003 to 2011. He lost the 2010 election for Governor of Vermont by fewer than 5,000 votes.

Jim Douglas

James Holley Douglas (born June 21, 1951) is an American politician and academic. He is a Republican. He was elected the 80th governor of the state of Vermont in 2002 and was reelected three times with a majority of the vote. He left the office in January 2011.

Craig Blair

Craig Philip Blair (born October 17, 1959) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia Senate representing District 15 since January 12, 2013. 

As President of the state Senate, Blair has held the title Lieutenant Governor of West Virginia since January 2021.

President of the West Virginia Senate

The President of the West Virginia Senate is a member of the West Virginia Senate who has been elected to be its president by the other senators. The current Senate President is Craig Blair, who has been in office since January 2021. Earl Ray Tomblin was the first Senate president and to have the title Lieutenant Governor of West Virginia.

Eleasalo Ale

Eleasalo Va'alele "Salo" Ale is an American Samoan attorney. He is the 10th Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa since 2021. He was Attorney General of American Samoa from 2014 to 2020.

Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa

The lieutenant governor of American Samoa is the second highest-ranking political figure in American Samoa, behind the governor.


Josh Tenorio

Joshua "Josh" Franquez Tenorio is an American Democratic politician and businessman. He is the tenth and current Lieutenant Governor of Guam, since January 2019. He is the first openly gay lieutenant governor elected in the United States.

Lieutenant Governor of Guam

The Lieutenant Governor of Guam is the second highest-ranking political figure in Guam.


Kurt Moylan

Kurt Scott Kaleo Moylan (born January 14, 1939) is an American politician. He was the first elected Lieutenant Governor of Guam and the last Secretary of Guam .

Madeleine Bordallo

Madeleine Mary Zeien Bordallo (; born May 31, 1933) is a Guamanian politician, who served as the Delegate from the United States territory of Guam to the United States House of Representatives from 2003 until 2019.

She is the first woman ever to serve as Guam's Delegate. She is the first female Lieutenant Governor of Guam (from 1995 to 2003). As the wife of Ricardo Bordallo, she was also the First Lady of Guam from 1975 to 1979 and from 1983 to 1987.

Graceville, Minnesota

Graceville is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 529 at the 2020 census.

Ricardo Bordallo

Ricardo Jerome "Ricky" Bordallo (; – ) was an American politician and businessman. He was the Governor of Guam from 1975 to 1979 and from 1983 to 1987.

Bordallo shot himself on January 31, 1990 in Agana, Guam while facing criminal charges, aged 62.

Arnold Palacios

Arnold Indalecio Palacios (born August 22, 1955) is a Northern Mariana politician who is the 10th and current Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands since 2023. He was the 12th lieutenant governor of the Northern Mariana Islands, from 2019 to 2023.

Palacios is a former Speaker of the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives. He was sworn in on January 14, 2008, as the Speaker of the House's 16th Legislature.

Formerly a member of the Republican Party, he ran an independent candidate for Governor in the 2022 election. He won the election in November 2022, beating incumbent Governor Ralph Torres.

Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands

The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands has a self-governing government consisting of a locally elected governor, Lieutenant Governor and the Northern Mariana Islands Commonwealth Legislature.


Pedro Agulto Tenorio

Pedro Agulto Tenorio (born August 8, 1941), who is often known as Pete A. Tenorio, was the Resident Representative to the United States from the U.S. Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI). He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the second Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1982 to 1990.

Tregenza Roach

Tregenza A. Roach (born August 7, 1959) is a Kittitian-American Virgin Islander politician and attorney. He is the 12th Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands, since 2019. He was a senator in the Legislature of the Virgin Islands from 2013 to 2019.

Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands

The following is a list of lieutenant governors of the United States Virgin Islands. 



Troy Jackson (politician)

Troy Dale Jackson (born June 26, 1968) is an American politician. He is a member of the Maine Senate. In 2018, Jackson was elected President of the Maine Senate. On December 2, 2020, Jackson was re-elected to that position.

Chuck Morse

Chuck Morse (born October 11, 1960) is an American politician. He was the President of the New Hampshire Senate from 2020 to 2022. Morse is a Republican. He represents New Hampshire's 22nd State Senate district.

He was Acting Governor of New Hampshire for two days until Chris Sununu's became governor on January 5, 2017. Morse replaced Maggie Hassan because quit being governor to join the United States Senate on January 3, 2017.

In July 2023, Morse announced his candidacy for governor in the 2024 election.

Salem, New Hampshire

Salem is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. 30,089 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Council of the District of Columbia

The Council of the District of Columbia is the legislative branch of the local government of the District of Columbia, in the United States. 

Since 1973, the United States Congress has given certain powers to the council that would given state legislatures.

The council meets in the John A. Wilson Building in downtown Washington.


Phil Mendelson

Philip Heath Mendelson (born November 8, 1952) is an American politician. He became Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia, elected by the Council on June 13, 2012.

Larry Seilhamer Rodríguez

Lawrence N. "Larry" Seilhamer Rodríguez (born December 13, 1954) is a Puerto Rican politician. He is a member of the New Progressive Party (PNP). He was a member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from January 7, 2009 until January 15, 2020. In 2021, he became the Secretary of State of Puerto Rico.

Shemia Fagan

Shemia Patricia Fagan (born September 20, 1981) is an American lawyer and politician. She is the Oregon Secretary of State since 2021. She was a Democratic member of the Oregon Senate from in 2019 to 2021. She also was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2013 to 2017.

Edward Buchanan

Edward A. Buchanan (born October 19, 1967) is an American politician, attorney, and military veteran. In 2018, he became the Wyoming Secretary of State. Buchanan was a member and past Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives.


2021 Kabul airport attacks

On 26 August 2021, a suicide bombing happened near Abbey Gate at Hamid Karzai International Airport in Kabul, Afghanistan. This attack came hours after the United States State Department told Americans outside the airport to leave because of a terrorist threat.

Media said there was a second explosion; Media said later that there was only one explosion.

At least 170 people have been killed by the attacks as many people were at the airport trying the leave the country. The attack happened over a week after the Taliban took control of Afghanistan. The ISIS-K (other name: Islamic State Khorasan) said they were responsible for the attacks. 13 U.S. soldiers were killed in the attacks, becoming the first American military deaths in Afghanistan since February 2020.

Vladimir Shadrin

Vladimir Nikolaevich Shadrin (; June 6, 1948 – August 26, 2021) was a Soviet-Russian ice hockey centre player. He played in the Soviet Hockey League from 1964 to 1979 for HC Spartak Moscow. He also played in the Japan Ice Hockey League for Oji Seishi between 1979 and 1983. 

Shadrin also played for the national men's team. He won two gold medals at the 1972 and 1976 Winter Olympics.

Shadrin was born in Moscow. He died on August 26, 2021 in Moscow at the age of 73.


Minnetonka Beach, Minnesota

Minnetonka Beach is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Minnetrista, Minnesota

Minnetrista is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

New Hope, Minnesota

New Hope is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Osseo, Minnesota

Osseo is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Richfield, Minnesota

Richfield is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Shorewood, Minnesota

Shorewood is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Spring Park, Minnesota

Spring Park is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Bonifacius, Minnesota

St. Bonifacius is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Tonka Bay, Minnesota

Tonka Bay is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Woodland, Minnesota

Woodland is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.

Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio happened in September 2016. 276 people competed in 29 events. This included 174 men and 102 women. Table tennis has been at the Paralympics since the first Games in 1960. There were 2 kinds of table tennis played. These were singles and doubles. China got the most medals.

A Dead Man Among the Living

A Dead Man Among the Living (Czech: Mrtvý mezi živými) is a 1947 Czech thriller movie directed by Bořivoj Zeman and was based on the 1931 novel "To levende og en død" by Sigurd Christiansen. It stars Karel Höger, Eduard Dubský, Vjaceslav Irmanov, Zdenka Procházková, Zdeňka Baldová, Milivoj Uzelac, Rudolf Deyl.

The Elementary School

The Elementary School () is a 1991 Czech Slovakian comedy-drama movie directed by Jan Svěrák and starring Václav Jakoubek, Jan Tříska, Radoslav Budác, Zdeněk Svěrák, Rudolf Hrušínský, Eva Holubová, Petr Čepek, Boleslav Polívka. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1992 and was followed by the 2017 prequel "Barefoot".

Philippine English

Philippine English (, ) or Filipino English (, ) a dialect of English spoken in the Philippines. It is the main language of government, school and business in the Philippines. It sounds similar to American English, possibly due to the United States owning the Philippines for some time. However, it has many slang words and different pronunciations, mainly derived from Asian languages and Spanish (because the Philippines was formerly a Spanish colony).
It mostly follows American spelling, except there is a British preference for the words "travelled" and "traveller".

Angel and the Badman

Angel and the Badman is a 1947 American romantic western movie directed by James Edward Grant and starring John Wayne, Gail Russell, Harry Carey, Bruce Cabot, Irene Rich, Lee Dixon. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Haast tokoeka

The Haast tokoeka or Haast kiwi ("Apteryx australis Haast") is a subspecies of southern brown kiwi. It is one of the rarest kiwi in New Zealand. This bird does not fly. It runs on the ground.

This bird has red-brown feathers that look like fur. It has small wings and does not fly. It has no tail. It has a long bill, or beak.

The Haast tokoeka lives high in the mountains on the west side of New Zealand's South Island. About half of the place where these kiwi live is in the Haast Kiwi Sanctuary. This place is protected by the government of New Zealand. 

The adult Haast tokoeka live in pairs. They will fight other adult kiwis over good places to look for food. They mostly hide during the day and look for food at night.

Not everyone agrees that the Haast tokoeka is a separate subspecies from the Fiordland tokoeka.

There are about 400 Haast tokoeka alive. Like other kiwis, the Haast tokoeka are threatened by habitat loss from when human beings change the places they live into farms and other things. They are also threatened by invasive species, which are animals brought to New Zealand by humans, for example, dogs, cats, and stoats.

In the Haast Kiwi Sanctuary, human beings put traps to catch stoats. Stoats are animals like weasels. They were brought to New Zealand by humans, and they eat kiwi chicks.

The kiwis make a nest in a hollow log, crack in a rock or space dug out of the ground. The egg is large and pale green in color. The male and female kiwi both sit on the egg.

Bubble Guppies

Bubble Guppies is a Canadian-American television series for children. It's made for Nickelodeon. The series was created by Jonny Belt and Robert Scull. It is a combination of the sketch comedy, edutainment and musical genres. The show is about the underwater adventures of a group of merperson preschool children named Molly, Gil, Goby, Deema, Oona, Nonny, and Zooli. The show was first broadcast on Nickelodeon on January 24, 2011, and originally ran for four seasons until its conclusion on October 17, 2016. The show's made using 3D software.

The series originally aired for four seasons over almost three years. After the last episode of its original run, it was revived for a fifth season on June 4, 2019. The fifth season aired on September 23, 2019. On February 19, 2020, the series was renewed for a sixth season. It was first aired on October 19, 2021. "Bubble Guppies" ended on June 30, 2023.



The Secret Heart

The Secret Heart is a 1946 American romantic drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring Claudette Colbert, Walter Pidgeon, June Allyson, Lionel Barrymore, Robert Sterling, Dwayne Hickman. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Okarito brown kiwi

The Okarito brown kiwi (Apteryx rowi), Okarito kiwi or Rowi kiwi is a type of kiwi bird. It was discovered in 2003. It is found in a protected area of the Okarito forest on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. There are only about 600 Okarito brown kiwis.

This bird has gray-brown feathers. It sometimes has white feathers on its face. Its legs, feet and claws are pale. It has small wings and does not fly. It has no tail. It has a long pale bill, or beak.

Before humans came to New Zealand, there were Okarito brown kiwi all through the northern part of the South Island and the southern part of the North Island. However, in 1990, there were 160 rowi left in all New Zealand. In 2012, there were about 375.

These rowi live in Okarito, where they build nests and lay eggs themselves. Human beings sometimes take eggs and chicks to islands where they can grow up without stoats or other mammal predators eating them, but the kiwi do not go to those islands on their own. This is part of Operation Nest Egg.

The kiwis make a nest in a hollow log, crack in a rock or space dug out of the ground. The male and female kiwi both sit on the egg. The female kiwi lays only one egg at a time, but sometimes she will lay one new egg just before the old one hatches.

Ameena Begum

Ameena Begum, also known as Dr. Ameena Shafiq, is a Bangladeshis politician and former member of parliament. She was a member of the Jatiya Sangshad from 2001 to 2006, from women's reserved seat-31 (national 331) for the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami.

Maqbul Ahmed

Maqbul Ahmed (2 August 1939 – 13 April 2021) was the Ameer, or chief, of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, the largest Islamic party of Bangladesh. He started his duty emir on 17 October 2016. Before that he worked as acting leader for six years.

Ahmed died on 13 April 2021 at Ibn Sina Medical College Hospital, Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Fakir Alamgir

Fakir Alamgir (; 21 February 1950 – 23 July 2021) was a Bangladeshi folk and pop singer.

Nadira Begum

Nadira Begum (died 6 November 2023) was a Bangladeshi folk singer. She was awarded Shilpakala Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in 2015. She was notable for songs like "Kolo Kolo Cholo Cholo Nodi Kore Tolmolo".

She was born to A.K.M. Abdul Aziz, a classical and folk singer. She was enlisted as a radio artiste in 1960s.

Begum was a president of the Bhawaiya Academy.

Begum died on 6 November 2023 in Dhaka. She was buried in Joypurhat District.

1959 United Kingdom general election

The 1959 United Kingdom general election happened on 8 October 1959. The Conservative Party led by Harold Macmillan won. They had also won the two last general elections before this. The Conservatives won more seats than they did in the last general election. This meant they got a bigger majority. The Labour Party lost 19 seats.

The Conservatives got the most amount of votes in Scotland. However, they didn't win the most seats in that country. Both Jeremy Thorpe and Margaret Thatcher, first became a MP in the election.

The Science of Sleep

The Science of Sleep (French: "La Science des rêves", literally "The Science of Dreams") is a 2006 French Italian American fantasy comedy movie directed by Michel Gondry and starring Gael García Bernal, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Miou-Miou, Alain Chabat, Emma de Caunes, Pierre Vaneck.


Salahuddin Ahmed

Salahuddin Ahmed () is a politician from Chapai Nawabganj District of Bangladesh. He was elected a member of parliament from the seat Chapai Nawabganj-2 in 1988 Bangladeshi general election.

Ahmed was elected a Member of Parliament from Chapai Nawabganj-2 constituency as an independent candidate in the 1988 Bangladeshi general election. He was defeated from Chapainawabganj-2 constituency as an independent candidate in the fifth parliamentary elections of 1991.

Akhi Alamgir

Akhi Alamgir () (born January 7, 1975) is a Bangladeshi singer and actress. She won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Child Artist for her performance in the movie "Bhat De" (1984) and Best Female Playback Singer for the movie "Ekti Cinemar Golpo" (2018) by Bangladesh government. According to 2016, she has released 18 albums. She is the daughter of actor-director Alamgir.

2016 Conservative Party leadership election

The 2016 Conservative Party leadership election happened after the resignation of Prime Minister David Cameron following the national referendum to leave the European Union. Cameron, who supported Britain's continued membership of the EU, announced his resignation on 24 June, saying that he would step down by October. Theresa May won the contest on 11 July 2016, after the withdrawal of Andrea Leadsom left her as the sole candidate.

Five Conservative MPs were candidates: Justice Secretary Michael Gove, Work and Pensions Secretary Stephen Crabb, former Defence Secretary Liam Fox, Minister of State for Energy and Climate Change Andrea Leadsom, and Home Secretary Theresa May. Previous Mayor of London Boris Johnson, chose not to run even though some people thought he could win.

In the first-round vote, May, got the support of half of Conservative MPs. Leadsom got the second most amount of votes. Leadsom left the contest on 11 July. May was made party leader later that day, and Prime Minister on 13 July. She put Boris Johnson, Fox and Leadsom to her cabinet.

If Leadsom didn't leave, Conservative Party members would have directly elected a new Prime Minister for the first time.

Joban Uddin Ahmad

Joban Uddin Ahmad is a Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami politician and the former Member of Parliament of the constituency Nilphamari-3.

Ahmed was elected to parliament from Nilphamari-3 as a Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami candidate in 1986.

Everybody Hates Chris

Everybody Hates Chris is an American television sitcom that aired from 2005 to 2009. The show is based Chris Rock's life and set in the 1980s. Tyler James Williams played Chris and sometime voiced Malvo. 

Abdus Sattar Akon

Abdus Sattar Akon (1929–2012) was a Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami politician and the former Member of Parliament of the constituency Bagerhat-4.

Akon was elected to parliament from Bagerhat-4 as a Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami candidate in 2001.

England at the 2018 Commonwealth Games

England had athletes compete in the 2018 Commonwealth Games. The 2018 Commonwealth Games happened in Gold Coast, Australia between 4 and 15 April 2018. It was England's 21st time going to the Commonwealth Games. England has gone to every Commonwealth Games since the games started in 1930.

England had a total of 394 athletes play in all 18 sports. This made it the largest team ever to represent the nation at a sports event in another nation. Only 388 athletes competed.

Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual – Class 1

The men's individual table tennis – Class 1 competition at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro happened between 8–13 September 2016. The competition was located at Riocentro Pavilion 3. Classes 1–5 were for athletes with a physical disability that affected their legs and competed while sitting. The lower the number, the more of a disability they had.

Rob Davies of Great Britain won the gold medal. Joo Young-dae of South Korea won the silver medal. Nam Ki-won of South Korea won the bronze medal.

Battambang Municipality

Battambang Municipality (; Krong Battambang) is a municipality ("krong") of Battambang Province, in north-western Cambodia. The capital of the province, Battambang, is in the municipality.

The district is subdivided into 10 communes ("khum").

Kamrieng District

Kamrieng District () is a district ("srok") of Battambang Province, in north-western Cambodia.

The district is subdivided into 6 communes ("khum").

2014 Peshawar school massacre

On 16 December 2014, a mass shooting occurred in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Six gunmen of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) attacked the city's Army Public School. The gunmen went into the school and shot school staff and children, killing 149 people including 132 schoolchildren. The schoolchildren were between the ages of eight and eighteen. It is the world's fourth deadliest school shooting. The six gunmen were killed by special forces in Pakistan and they rescued 960 people.

Gogglebox

Gogglebox is a British television reality show that premiered on Channel 4 on 7 March 2013. The show shows many families and groups of friends from different places around the United Kingdom who react to television programmes from their own homes. There is also a celebrity version. 

"Gogglebox" was narrated from its launch on 7 March 2013 until 8 April 2016 by Caroline Aherne. The show won a BAFTA award in 2014 and a National Television Award in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018.

Cappella (band)

Cappella is an Italian Eurodance music group created in 1987 by producer Gianfranco Bortolotti. In the 1990s, Kelly Overett and Rodney Bishop led the group. Their biggest hit was "U Got 2 Let the Music", which reached No. 2 on the UK Singles Chart in 1993.

USA Rugby

USA Rugby (officially the United States of America Rugby Football Union, Ltd.) is the national governing body for the sport of rugby union in the United States. Its role is to be "the national governing body" in charge of creating rules, following them and keeping track of rugby teams in the United States. USA Rugby is responsible for the promotion of the sport in the U.S. and promotion of U.S. international participation.

Fair Lawn, New Jersey

Fair Lawn is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb about from New York City. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 34,927.

Mastaba

Mastabas were Ancient Egyptian tombs made from mud bricks. They were mostly built after 3600 BC when the Ancient Egyptians started to dry bricks in the Sun and use them to build more advanced architecture and building that were more permanent. These sun-dried mud bricks let them to create arches and recessed walls, for decoration. These Mastabas let rich people to have more complex and expensive funerals.

These Mastabas became models for later building styles such as the Step Pyramid' at Saqqara built during the 'Age of the Pyramid Builder or 'Age of the Pyramids'. (This was later named the Old Kingdom by 17th century historians).

Akis Tsochatzopoulos

Apostolos Tsochatzopoulos (31 July 1939 – 27 August 2021), commonly known by Akis, was a Greek politician and convicted criminal. He was a member and founder of the PASOK Party. He was a member of the Hellenic Parliament from 1981 until 2007. Tsochatzopoulos was born in Athens, Greece however he was raised in Thessaloniki.

From 1987 until 1989 and from 1993 until 1995, he was the Minister of the Interior. He was also the first Minister for National Defence from 1996 until 2001. In 1996, he narrowly lost the PASOK leadership election to become prime minister to Costas Simitis.

During his time in parliament, Tsochatzopoulos was accused of corruption many times. In April 2012, he was arrested for money laundering. In October 2013, he was found guilty and sent to 20 years in prison. He was released early in July 2018 because of heart problems.

Tsochatzopoulos died on 27 August 2021 at a hospital in Athens from a heart attack, aged 82.

2020–21 Burnley F.C. season

The 2020–21 season was Burnley's 139th season of competitive football. It was their 58th in the top level of English football As they were in the Premier League, the club also competed in the FA Cup and EFL Cup. The season was the time between August 2020 to 30 June 2021.

They came 17th in the Premier League.

Marco Hausiku

Marco Mukoso Hausiku (25 November 1953 – 26 August 2021) was a Namibian politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister of Namibia from 2010 to 2015. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2004 to 2010. He was a member of the Swapo Party.

Hausiku died on 26 August 2021 at the age of 67.

Zdenka Procházková

Zdenka Procházková (4 April 1926 – 25 August 2021) was a Czech actress. She was known for her role as Helena Fejfarová in the 1949 thriller movie "A Dead Man Among the Living". She was married to actor Karel Höger. Procházková was born in Prague.

Procházková died in Prague on 25 August 2021, aged 95.

Mario Guilloti

Mario Guilloti González (20 May 1946 – 25 August 2021) was an Argentine boxer. He won the bronze medal in the men's welterweight (– 67 kg) category at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico. He won a silver medal at the 1967 Pan American Games. He was born in Chacabuco, Argentina.

Guilloti died on 25 August 2021, aged 75.

Nicholas Felice

Nicholas R. Felice (February 5, 1927 – August 24, 2021) was an American Republican Party politician. He represented the 40th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1982 to 2002. He was mayor of Fair Lawn from 1972 to 1974. Felice was born in Passaic, New Jersey.

Felice died on August 24, 2021 in Mahwah, New Jersey at the age of 94.

Daniel Farhi

Daniel Farhi (18 November 1941 – 23 August 2021) was a French liberal rabbi. He received "Semikhah" in February 1966 and became rabbi of the Union Libérale Israélite de France from 1967 to 1977.

On 2 June 1977, Rabbi Farhi founded the Liberal Jewish Movement of France.

He died in Nice on 23 August 2021 at the age of 79.

Boana botumirim

Boana botumirim is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Veredas de Botumirim in Minas Gerais.

Sally Tanner

Sally Tanner (December 28, 1926 – August 20, 2021) was an American politician. She represented California's 60th District in the California State Assembly from 1978 to 1992. Tanner was born in East Chicago, Indiana. She was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Tanner died in Ferndale, California on August 20, 2021 at the age of 94.

Ferndale, California

Ferndale is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States. The entire town is a California Historical Landmark.

Albert Ndele

Albert Ndele Bamu (15 August 1930 – 1 April 2023) was a Congolese politician and banker. He was chairman of the College of Commissioners-General. He was later governor of the National Bank of the Congo from 1961 to 1970. He was the Minister of Finance. Ndele died on 1 April 2023, at the age of 92.

Yefrem Sokolov

Yefrem Yevseyevich Sokolov (; , 25 April 1926 – 5 April 2022) was the first secretary of the Communist Party of Byelorussian SSR from February 1988 to November 1990. Sokolov was a member of the Politburo. He was elected on 14 July 1990.

Sokolov died on 5 April 2022, three weeks before his 96th birthday.

Abdurrahman Vazirov

Abdurrahman Vazirov Khalil oglu () (May 26, 1930 – January 10, 2022) was the 13th First Secretary of the Azerbaijan Communist Party. He the leader of the Azerbaijan SSR from 1988 until January, 1990.

Vazirov died on January 10, 2022 at the age of 91.

Vaino Väljas

Vaino Väljas (; 28 March 1931 – 16 January 2024) was a Soviet and Estonian politician. He was the Chairman of the 6th Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR from 18 April 1963 to 19 March 1967. He First secretary of communist party of Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic from 16 June 1988 to April 1990. He was chairman of the party from April 1990 to August 1991.

Väljas died on 16 January 2024, at the age of 92.

Kesang Choden (queen)

Ashi Kesang Choden (born 21 May 1930) is the Queen Grandmother of Bhutan. She is the only queen grandmother in the world.

Gerry Ashmore

Gerald Ashmore (25 July 1936 – 25 August 2021) was an English motor racing driver. He participated in four Formula One World Championship Grands Prix. Ashmore started his career in Formula Junior in 1960. Ashmore was born in West Bromwich, Staffordshire.

Ashmore died from cancer on 25 August 2021 at the age of 85.

Great spotted kiwi

The great spotted kiwi ("Apteryx haastii") is a species of kiwi. This bird does not fly. It runs on the ground.

This bird has gray-brown feathers with white bands. Its bill, or beak, is long and pale in color. Its legs and toes are short and dark. Sometimes young great spotted kiwi look like adult little spotted kiwi.

This bird lives in forests, scrublands, and hilly grasslands up to just below the Alpine zone. This bird lives in three places: Nelson and North Westland, the Paparoa Mountains, and the Southern Alps. In 2012, there were about 15,000 great spotted kiwis alive.

There used to be many more great spotted kiwi, but human beings brought dogs and stoats, which killed many.

Great spotted kiwi hide during the day in a burrow, crack in rock crevice, or hollow tree. They look for food at night. They walk on the ground and tap it with their beaks. They use their beaks to catch earthworms, beetle larvae, and other animals without spines in the leaf litter and underground. They live in pairs. Adult kiwi will fight other kiwi over good places to look for food. 

The kiwis make a nest in a hollow log, crack in a rock or space dug out of the ground. The male and female kiwi both sit on the egg.

North Island brown kiwi

The North Island brown kiwi ("Apteryx mantelli"), is a type of kiwi. It lives in New Zealand.

The North Island brown kiwi has dark brown spiky feathers. It also has a black, long pale bill. Its legs, toes and claws are short and dark. It has small wings and does not fly. It has no tail.

Brown kiwi are found throughout the North Island. It prefers dense sub-tropical and temperate forests.

The North Island brown kiwi eat invertebrates. They lay 2-3 clutches a year with 2 eggs in each clutch. The nest can be in a small burrow or in a hollow log.

Gallant Bess

Gallant Bess is a 1946 American World War II drama movie directed by Andrew Marton and starring George Tobias, Marshall Thompson, Clem Bevans, Chill Wills, Eddie Acuff. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Victor/Victoria

Victor/Victoria is a 1982 American British romantic musical comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and is the remake of the 1933 German movie "Viktor und Viktoria". It stars Julie Andrews, James Garner, Lesley Ann Warren, Robert Preston, Alex Karras, John Rhys-Davies, Graham Stark, Glen Murphy, Peter Arne, Geoffrey Beevers, Ina Skriver and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1983.


Electric Dreams (movie)

Electric Dreams is a 1984 British American science fiction romantic comedy movie directed by first time director Steve Barron and starring Lenny Von Dohlen, Virginia Madsen, Maxwell Caulfield, Bud Cort, Don Fellows, Giorgio Moroder. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Chase (1946 movie)

The Chase is a 1946 American thriller movie directed by Arthur Ripley and was based on the 1944 novel "The Black Path of Fear" by Cornell Woolrich. It stars Robert Cummings, Michèle Morgan, Steve Cochran, Lloyd Corrigan, Jack Holt, Peter Lorre and was distributed by United Artists.


James Cameroon's Dark Angel

James Cameroon's Dark Angel is an beat 'em up video game, based on the American television series named "Dark Angel". Developed by Radical Entertainment, and published by Sierra Entertainment. It was announced on E3 Entertainemnt Expo in May 2002, shortly after the TV series was cancelled. Jessica Alba and Michael Weatherly reprised their roles from tyhe series. Voicing Max Guevara and Logan Cale respectively.

The game follows an original storyline, with players controling Max Guevara, as she fights I Corporation and attemps to find her twin sisters. It was released on PlayStation 2 and Xbox in November 2002.


A Guy Named Joe

A Guy Named Joe is a 1943 American World War II romantic fantasy movie directed by Victor Fleming and starring Spencer Tracy, Irene Dunne, Van Johnson, Ward Bond, Lionel Barrymore, Esther Williams, Addison Richards, James Gleason, Henry O'Neill. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1945.


Dark Angel: Vampire Apocalypse

Dark Angel: Vampire Apocalypse is an action-role-playing video game, developed and publised by Metro 3D, Inc.. Released exclusively on PlayStation 2 in 2001.

The gameplay was similiar to "Diablo" series, where player can assigned a quest in one of three vilages, and then explore the dungeon that randomly on the battlefields.

Trevor McMahon

Trevor George McMahon (born 8 November, 1929) in Wellington. He is a New Zealand former cricketer who played 5 tests for New Zealand in the 1955/56 season and also played for Wellington in the Plunket Shield.


Passage to Marseille

Passage to Marseille is a 1944 American World War II adventure movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was 1942 novel "Sans Patrie (Men Without Country)" by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Michèle Morgan, Philip Lorre, George Tobias, Sydney Greenstreet, Helmut Dantine, Victor Francen and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Reliquary

Reliquary is a container storing ancient religious objects. Reliquary stores some remains of saints. Relics may be also made by people (by methode of gilding for example) and look like figures. Reliquary is usually in churches or temples.

Lifebuoy

A lifebuoy is a protective device used for people who can't swim. It is made from torus, colored in orange-white color. A lifebuoy was originally created by Italian Renaissance inventor Leonardo da Vinci. 

Table tennis at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Men's individual – Class 6

The Men's individual table tennis – Class 6 competition at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro happened between 7 and 18 September 2016. It was located at Riocentro Pavilion 3. Classes 6–10 are for athletes with a physical disability who played tennis table when standing. The lower the class number, the more of a disability they had.

Peter Rosenmeier of Denmark won the gold medal. Álvaro Valera of Spain won the silver medal. Rungroj Thainiyom won the bronze medal.

Operation Allies Refuge

The Operation Allies Refuge is a continuing United States military operation. Its purpose is for removing in-danger Afghan civilians, applicants of the Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) and employees of the Embassy of the United States away from Afghanistan. This operation is happening at the same time as the removal of Americans from Afghanistan and leaving of foreign people and Afghans who are vulnerable.

The operation's name was officially given out on 14 July 2021 by Biden administration officials. On 22 July the United States House of Representatives passed the Averting Loss of Life and Injury by Expediting SIVs (ALLIES) Act. This was done to increase the cap for Afghan interpreters. This was also done to speed up the Afghan Special Visa Processes.

On 22 August, President Joe Biden said American troops may remain in Afghanistan beyond August 31. He then announced that more than 28,000 had been removed from Afghanistan from 15 August onward. From July 2021 onward, over 33,000 people were removed out of the country.

As of 26 August 2021, at least 94 people were killed at or near the Kabul International Airport as thousands of people tried to forcibly board planes.

At least 103 people were killed and another two-hundred were injured in a suicide bomb attack near the Kabul International Airport on 26 August. This was when evacuations of local and foreign people were in progress. The attacks were performed by Islamic State militants. The dead included sixty-two Afghan civilians, twenty-eight Taliban members and thirteen U.S. service officials. The dead Americans were ten marines, two soldiers and one Navy corpsman.

Operation Pitting

Operation Pitting was a British military operation currently going on to move British nationals and allowed Afghans from Afghanistan to the United Kingdom. They did this after the 2021 Taliban offensive. The operation has more than 1,000 military workers. This included soldiers from 16 Air Assault Brigade.

Josephine, Texas

Josephine is a city in Collin and Hunt counties in the U.S. state of Texas.

Van Alstyne, Texas

Van Alstyne is a city in Grayson and Collin counties in the U.S. state of Texas.

Tignes

Tignes is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

It is known for its ski resort. Together with neighbouring Val d'Isère, which forms the "Espace Killy" ski area.

Hurricane Ida (2021)

Hurricane Ida was an Atlantic tropical cyclone during late August 2021. The tropical wave which developed into Ida was responsible for twenty deaths in western Venezuela, mainly due to flooding. The storm became Tropical Depression Nine at 1pm Atlantic Standard Time on August 26. The depression was upgraded into Tropical Storm Ida just over six hours later. The storm was classified as a hurricane on August 27, just after 1pm Eastern Daylight Time.

Right around that same time, while a Category 1 hurricane, the storm moved across Cuba's Isla de la Juventud. The storm struck Cuba near Pinar del Río just over six hours later that evening.

Tropical storm or hurricane notices were posted from southeast Texas to northwestern Florida beginning on Thursday evening August 26.

On the night of August 29-30 the hurricane gained strength and struck New Orleans. The area lost electrical power. 

In the first days of September, the hurricane hit the northeastern USA causing flooding and several deaths. It disappeared in the coast of Canada on September 4.

Ida is the 6th costliest Atlantic hurricane, with over $64 billion in damages.


Bojano

Bojano is an Italian city in Molise. About 7,900 people lived there. It was originally named Bovianum.

Marquette County, Wisconsin

Marquette County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, 15,592 people lived there. The county seat is Montello.

Pinar del Río

Pinar del Río is the capital city in Pinar del Río Province in northwestern Cuba. The city has over 159,000 people living within its boundaries according to the 2021 estimates.

The region where the city was later founded was originally named Nueva Filipina (New Philippines). Its name was changed to Pinar del Río in the 1770s.

Adapter

An adapter or adaptor can be used to convert for example US power plugs to EU or UK power plugs. It is very useful when travelling overseas.

Softonic.com

Softonic.com is a website that can be used to download desktop applications for different systems. The website usually does not have viruses or other malware bundled while downloading applications and is safe to use.

Pillager, Minnesota

Pillager is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 507 at the 2020 census. It is in the Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Minnesota State Highway 210 and County Road 1 are the main roads in the city.

Nancy Hollister

Nancy Hollister (born May 22, 1949, Marietta, Ohio) is an American politician. She was the first (and as of 2021, the only) female governor of Ohio. Hollister was also the shortest operating governor of the state. Her term began on New Year's Eve 1998 and ended on January 11, 1999. Before that, Hollister operated as the 60th lieutenant governor of the state from January 9, 1995 until December 31, 1998. Hollister is a United States Republican Party member.

Hollister began her political career in 1980. She first entered the public office when she was elected to the Marietta City Council that year. Four years later, Hollister was elected Mayor of Marietta. She operated as such until 1991.

From January 5, 1999 until almost 2005, Hollister worked in the Ohio House of Representatives.

Boana maculateralis

The stained tree frog ("Boana maculateralis") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Colombia, and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 186 and 354 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 31.9 to 39.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.0 to 55.3 mm long. This is a medium-sized frog with large eyes and large climbing disks on its toes. The adult male frog measures 31.9 to 39.2 mm in snout-vent length and the adult female frog is 32.0 to 55.3 mm. It has light brown skin with darker marks. Some frogs have a single line from the head to the middle of the back. Some frogs have small brown spots. Larger females have blue color on their sides. Males have ligher or white color on their sides. This frog has two spikes near its rear end. Male frogs have a spike on their front feet for fighting each other. They also use it to hold onto females when they mate.

This frog is sympatric with "Boana calcarata", "Boana alfaroi", "Boana calcarata" and maybe "Boana tetete". This means that all these frogs came from the same ancestor frog species, and they became different species even though they all lived in the same place the whole time. 

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in forests. Scientists have seen it sitting on plants 2 meters above the ground.

The Latin name of this frog means "stains on its sides."

Police, Adjective

Police, Adjective () is a 2009 Romanian drama movie directed by Corneliu Porumboiu and starring Dragoș Bucur, Vlad Ivanov, Ion Stoica, Irina Săulescu, Cerasela Trandafir, Marian Ghenea, Cosmin Selesi.

Little spotted kiwi

The little spotted kiwi ("Apteryx owenii") is a species of kiwi. This bird does not fly. It runs on the ground. The little spotted kiwi is the smallest of all kiwis.

This bird has light brown-gray feathers with white bands. Its bill, or beak, is long and pale in color. Its legs and toes are short and dark.

In 2012, there were about 1650 little spotted kiwi alive.

Long ago, this bird lived all over New Zealand. However, by the time European people came to live in New Zealand, there were almost no little spotted kiwi left on the North Island. They still live on D'Urville Island. There are none left on New Zealand's South Island.

In 1983, human beings started bringing little spotted kiwi from Kapiti Island and other places to other islands where they can live and raise chicks away from weasels, dogs, and the other animals from Europe that were killing and eating them.

Little spotted kiwi look for food at night and hide during the day in burrows, hollow logs, or other hiding places. They live in pairs. Pairs of adult little spotted kiwi will fight each other over good places to look for food. They will scratch at each other with their claws and pull out each other's feathers. Little spotted kiwi look for food by touching the ground with their long beaks. They eat earthworms, insects, and other animals with no bones. The male kiwi and female kiwi will sing together as they look for food.

The kiwis make a nest in a hollow log, crack in a rock or space dug out of the ground. The eggs are white. The female lays one or two eggs at a time. Only the male kiwi sits on the egg.

Figanières

Figanières is a commune of 2,608 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Flassans-sur-Issole

Flassans-sur-Issole is a commune of 3,548 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Flayosc

Flayosc is a commune of 4,282 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Forcalqueiret

Forcalqueiret is a commune of 3,061 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Fox-Amphoux

Fox-Amphoux is a commune of 460 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Titisee-Neustadt

Titisee-Neustadt is a town in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. The town is a Kneipp spa and a climatic health resort. It is also known a winter sport center.

The town of Titisee is on the north shore of Titisee, a lake in the eastern Feldberg in the Black Forest, which ranges from 780 to 1192 meters above sea level. The town of Neustadt is 5 km to the east.

The town is made up of the six districts:

Titisee-Neustadt is twinned with:


La Garde-Freinet

La Garde-Freinet is a commune of 1,867 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Garéoult

Garéoult is a commune of 5,310 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Campomarino

Campomarino is a "comune" in the Province of Campobasso in the Molise region in Italy.

Ginasservis

Ginasservis is a commune of 1,859 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Alegrete

Alegrete is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. 73,028 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 7,803.967 km².

Linhares

Linhares is an Brazilian city in the state of Espírito Santo. 176,688 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 9,501.6 km².

Paul Gondjout

Paul Marie Indjendjet Gondjout (4 June 1912 – 1 July 1990) was a Gabonese politician and civil servant.

He died on 1 July, 1990.

Jaboatão dos Guararapes

Jaboatão dos Guararapes is an Brazilian city in the state of Pernambuco. 706,867 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 256.08 km².

Sucy-en-Brie

Sucy-en-Brie is a French commune. It is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 26,974 people lived here in 2018.

Martha Ankomah

Martha Ankomah (b, November 21, 1986) is a Ghanaian actress and entrepreneur.



West Sumatra

West Sumatra () is a province of Indonesia.

Nasrul Abit

Nasrul Abit (24 December 1954 – 28 August 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was a member of the Great Indonesia Movement Party. He was the 8th Vice Governor of West Sumatra from 12 February 2016 until 12 February 2021. He was also the Deputy Regent of Pesisir Selatan Regency from 2000 to 2005. Abit was born in Pesisir Selatan Regency.

Abit died on 28 August 2021 in Padang, Indonesia of COVID-19 at the age of 66.

Čechomor

Čechomor is a Czech band from Svitavy (Moravia) that performs traditional songs in rock arrangements. They have toured throughout Europe, North America, Russia, China, Mongolia, and Australia.

In 2001, they won three Anděl Awards.

2021 Madagascar food crisis

In mid-2021, a bad drought in southern Madagascar caused thousands of people to suffer from famines. Some organizations have said that this famine is an impact of climate change and the COVID-19 pandemic.

In August 2021, the food crisis was said to be the first famine caused by climate change and not conflict, according to the World Food Programme.

Aldo Eminente

Aldo Eminente (19 August 1931 – 25 August 2021) was a French freestyle swimmer. He was born in Hanoi, French Indochina. He competed at the 1952 Olympic Games in Helsinki, where he won a bronze medal.

Eminente died on 25 August 2021, aged 90.

Brazilian Democratic Movement

The Brazilian Democratic Movement (, MDB) is a Brazilian centrist political party. When they were founded, they were the opposition to the Brazilian military government.

Social liberals and social democrats broke with the party in 1988 to form the Brazilian Social Democracy Party.

Sam Oji

Samuel Udoka Oji (9 October 1985 – 28 August 2021) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre back. Oji was born in City of Westminster, England.

Oji played in the Football League for Doncaster Rovers, Bristol Rovers, Leyton Orient and Hereford United. He later played for Tamworth of the Conference Premier. 

He then played in the League of Ireland for Limerick and Galway United. Oji joined Highgate United in 2018, and was made assistant manager of that club in July 2021.

Oji died on 28 August 2021 of an illness at the age of 35.

Jin Renqing

Jin Renqing (; 29 July 1944 – 28 August 2021) was a Chinese politician. He was born in Suzhou, China. He was a member of the Communist Party. He was the Director of the State Taxation Administration from 1998 until 2003. He was later the Minister of Finance from 2003 until 2007.

Jin died in a house fire in Beijing on 28 August 2021, aged 77.

Priscilla Baltazar-Padilla

Priscilla Joson Baltazar-Padilla (born Priscilla Joson Baltazar; July 2, 1958 – August 27, 2021) was a Filipino politician and lawyer. She was the 188th Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. She was nominated by President Rodrigo Duterte. Baltazar-Padilla was in office from July 16, 2020 until November 3, 2020. She was born in Manila.

Baltazar-Padilla died on August 27, 2021 in Manila at the age of 63.

Stjepan Babić

Stjepan Babić (29 November 1925 – 27 August 2021) was a Croatian linguist, politician and academic. He was born in Oriovac, Croatia. He was a professor at the University of Zagreb. He was the vice-president of Matica hrvatska from 1989 to 1992, and representative in the "Županijski Dom" (Chamber of the Counties) from 1993 to 1997. He retired as professor in 1991. From 1993 until 1997, he was a member of the Croatian Parliament.

Babić died in Zagreb on 27 August 2021, at the age of 95.

Rodolfo Aínsa

Rodolfo Aínsa Escartín (17 September 1944 – 26 August 2021) was a Spanish politician and businessman. He was a Senator from 2004 until 2008. He was born in Sabiñánigo, Spain. Aínsa was a member of the People's Party. He was the President of Huesca Province from 1995 until 1999.

Aínsa died on 26 August 2021 at his home in Sabiñánigo, aged 76.

Sabiñánigo

Sabiñánigo ("Samianigo" in Aragonese) is a municipality in the province of Huesca, Aragón, Spain.

Calogero Lo Giudice

Calogero Lo Giudice (died 24 August 2021) was an Italian politician. He was President of Sicily from 1982 until 1983. Lo Giudice was a Member of the European Parliament from 1989 until 1994. He was a member of the Christian Democracy. 

Lo Giudice died on 24 August 2021 at the age of 83.

Harry Kent (cyclist)

Harry Dale Kent (11 March 194724 August 2021) was a New Zealand racing cyclist. He was the first New Zealander to win a gold medal in cycling at the Commonwealth Games in 1970. He was the first cyclist from the country to medal at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Kent was born in Upper Hutt, New Zealand.

Kent died on 24 August 2021 in Wellington from problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 74. 

Pakistan Science Club

Pakistan Science Club (PSC) () is a youth organization in Pakistan that engages students on various scientific activities aimed at promoting scientific and technological knowledge amongst the country's young generation. 

Based in Karachi, capital of the Sindh province, the organization runs various seminars and organized activities and, more recently, arranged summer camps in such activities. The club has more recently been engaging in activities in collaboration with other science clubs such as the Karachi astronomy club. PSC has also participated in international science events such as the World Science Day for Peace and Development.
PSC is also member of International Federation of Inventors Associations: IFIA.


Catch It, Bin It, Kill It

"Catch It, Bin It, Kill It" is a campaign slogan used in the United Kingdom. It is used to support having good hygiene. It does this by suggesting people always have tissues to use if they cough or sneeze. In 2007, after evidence that hand hygiene can help against the spread of flu. It was used in many places.

In 2009, the slogan received a lot of attention because the government funded it being used around the nation. This was in response to the 2009 flu pandemic caused by swine flu. They also studied how well the slogan worked. They said it helped promote good hygiene. The Medical Research Council also did a trial to show the slogan helped.

The phrase and poster was used again by PHE in other campaigns. The British government used it during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Teresa Żylis-Gara

Teresa Żylis-Gara (23 January 1930 – 28 August 2021) was a Polish operatic soprano. She had a major international career during the 1950s through the 1990s. She was a long-time member of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City. She is known for her roles in operas by Mozart, Puccini and Verdi.


Our Idiot Brother

Our Idiot Brother is a 2011 American comedy-drama movie directed by Jesse Peretz and starring Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks, Zooey Deschanel and Emily Mortimer. It premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival. It was released on August 26, 2011. The movie had positive reviews.

Science and Star Wars

Science and Star Wars is a series of videos created by Disney and posted online for educational purposes. The series was published in 2017 and is available to view on YouTube. It focuses on the science and technology of the "Star Wars" world and analyses them from a scientific perspective. The show is hosted by Anthony Carboni.


Saint-Aubin-le-Guichard

Saint-Aubin-le-Guichard was a commune in Normandy in the Eure department in north France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune, Mesnil-en-Ouche.

Upland moa

The upland moa ("Megalapteryx didinus") was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand. It could not fly. It was the last moa species to become extinct.

The upland moa was among the smallest type of moa. It had feathers all over its body except for its beak and the bottom of its feet.

The upland moa only lived on New Zealand's South Island. It lived high up in mountains and sub-alpine regions.

The upland moa was a herbivore. It ate leaves and small twigs. It usually laid only 1 to 2 blue-green coloured eggs. The male moa took care of the baby moas. Its only predator before humans came to New Zealand was the Haast's eagle.

Humans first came to New Zealand from Polynesia around 1250 to 1300 AD. Moas, were an easy source of food for the Māori people and were eventually hunted to extinction in 1500.

Eastern moa

The eastern moa ("Emeus crassus") was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand. It could not fly.

The Eastern moa was 1.5 to 1.8 metres (4.9–5.9 ft) tall. It could not fly. It had hair-like feathers. It had a long neck and large, powerful legs. It had wide feet.

The Eastern moa only lived on the South Island. It lived in the forests, grasslands, dunelands, and shrublands). Humans hunted it into extinction. Like almost all moa, it was gone by the year 1500.

Eye of the Needle (movie)

Eye of the Needle is a 1981 British spy movie directed by Richard Marquand and starring Donald Sutherland, Kate Nelligan and Christopher Cazenove. Written by Stanley Mann, it is based on the 1978 novel of the same title by Ken Follett.

The movie is about a deadly German Nazi spy named Henry Faber in the United Kingdom during World War II, who discovers vital information about the upcoming D-Day invasion and his attempt to return to Germany and tell Hitler about it, so that Nazi Germany stops the invasion from happening. While waiting for a German U-boat to pick him up and return to Germany with the top secret information, he is stranded with a family on the isolated (fictional) Storm Island, off the coast of Scotland. There he spends time with a young woman named Lucy, her bitter crippled husband David who was an RAF fighter pilot before his car accident and their toddler son Joe. He develops an intimate relationship with Lucy, but her husband is already suspicious of this new stranger.


The Storm Island scenes were shot over eight weeks on the Isle of Mull, in the Inner Hebrides. The rest of the movie was shot in Yateley, Surrey, and in London.

The movie got very positive reviews from movie critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, 82% of critics gave the movie positive reviews.


Crested moa

The Crested moa ("Pachyornis australis") was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand. It was a bird that could not fly.

The crested moa was small. It weighed around 75 kg (165 lb). It crested moa was smaller than the heavy-footed moa.

The crested moa only lived in the South Island of New Zealand. It lived in high up in sub-alpine forests.

The crested moa is a herbivore. It eats plants. The only predator it had was the Haast's eagle.

It is thought that the crested moa didn't go extinct because of humans. This is because the crested moa lived in places that were hard to get by humans. It Is thought that animals like cats that humans brought to New Zealand caused the crested moa to go extinct.

Green Fire

Green Fire is a 1954 American adventure drama movie directed by Andrew Marton and was based on the 1942 memoir of the same name by Peter W. Rainer. It stars Stewart Granger, Grace Kelly, John Ericson, Paul Douglas, Murvyn Vye, Rico Alaniz, Nacho Galindo and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Kundun

Kundun is a 1997 American Moroccan Monégasque biographical drama movie directed by Martin Scorsese and starring Tenzin Thuthob Tsarong, Gyurme Tethong, Tencho Gyalpo, Tenzin Topjar, Tenzin Lodoe, Tsering Lhamo. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures and was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1998.

Shuki Levy

Yehosua "Shuki" Levy is an Israel-American music composer and television producer. Levy's best known work is soundtrack compositions for childern's television programs of the 1980's, such as "Inspector Gadget", "The Mysterious Cities of Gold", "M.A.S.K.", "Dinosaucers", "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe", "", and "Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors". Also in the 1990, he became know chiefly for his project such as "Power Rangers" franchise, "Dragon Ball Z", "Digimon" series, "Masked Rider", "VR Troopers", and "Big Bad Beetleborgs". He also written and directed nomberous of episodes, for some television shows, and directed a few movies, such as "Eye of Doom" (1987), "Perfect Victims" (1988) and "Blind Vision" (1991). Levy was also part of a musical duo named Shuky & Aviva with his partner Aviva Paz. Levy also partnered/relationship with an actress named Sarah Brown (from "General Hospital"), with whom he has second daughter, Jordan Levy (born in 1998).

In 1977, Levy was married to Miss USA 1970 Deborah Shelton (from the best TV series "Dallas"), with a first daughter Tamara Shelton (born in 1981).


Saban Entertainment

Saban Entertainment, Inc. (along with Saban International, currently operating BVS Entertainment, Inc.) was a worldwide-served independent American-Israel television production company formed in 1980 by Haim Saban and Shuki Levy (music and television producers) as "Saban Productions".

The company imported, dubbed, and adapted several Japanese anime series, such as "Mapple Town", "Noozies", "Funky Fables", "Samurai Pizza Cats", and the first three "Digimon" series to North America and worldwide markets syndication, including both animation and live-action shows. Saban has also adaptaed various tokusatsu shows from Toei Company (by Koichi Sakamoto), featuring "Power Rangers" series (based on "Super Sentai" series), "Big Bad Beetle Borgs" (based on "Juukou B-Fighter"), "VR Troopers" (featuring elements of "Metal Hero" series like "Space Sheriff Shaider", "Jikuu Senshi Spielban", and "Metalder"), and "Masked Rider" (an original interpretation of using scenes from "Kamen Rider Black RX").

Saban was involved in the co-production of French/American animated shows, created by Jean Chalopin for DIC Entertainment. Some of these early of 1980s co-productions were "Camp Candy", "Ulysses 31", "Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors" and "The Mysterious Cities of Gold" (the third of wich is a Japanese co-production).

And Saban has also distributed and provided for TV programs, like "The Super Mario Bros. Show!", "The Legend of Zelda", "Dragon Ball Z" and "Inspector Gadget".

In 2002, Saban Entertainment was defunct and discontinued.

Saban Capital Group

Saban Capital Group LLC is an American investment firm based in Los Angeles, California, focused on media, entertainment, and communications investments. Formed in 2010 by Haim Saban, Saban Capital Group owned Saban Films (SF) PART OF Univision Communications and as a part of Celestial Tiger Entrtainment.


Convicted (disambiguation)

One who is convicted has been found guilty of a crime by a court of law.

Convicted can also be:





Pakistani Taliban

The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (commonly called TTP) are a militant Islamist group in Pakistan. Like the Taliban in Afghanistan they are mostly Pashtun. They have done a number of attacks all over Pakistan. The United States has classified them as a terrorist organisation. While they have a common name with the Taliban in Afghanistan, their ideas are different. They also have a different leadership and their goals are different from those of the Afghan Taliban. 

The TTP want the Pakistani army to withdraw from Waziristan, which it occupied in 2009.

Many experts think that the common name "Taliban" for both groups is misleading. Fights between the Pakistani army and the TTP have erroneously been reported as the army fighting the Afghan Taliban.

The TTP acts on its own, fighting the Pakistani armed forces; Pakistan supported the Afghan Taliban in the past.

The Afghan Taliban also do not take part in the fight of the TTP against the Pakistani military.

The Pakistani Taliban has also been supported by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria according to a United Nations report from 2017.

National Resistance Front of Afghanistan

The National Resistance Front of Afghanistan (NRF), also known as the Panjshir resistance and the Second Resistance, is a military alliance of former Northern Alliance members and other anti-Taliban fighters who remain loyal to the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. The group has been known since August 2021 - during the 2021 Taliban offensive.
The group had "de facto" control over the Panjshir Valley, as of early September 2021; but on September 6, 2021, there was heavy fighting and many deaths on both sides; the Taliban took control of the house that has the governor's office in Bazarak; and the Taliban took control of most of the Panjshir province.

The leaders of the resistance group are the politicians Ahmad Massoud and Amrullah Saleh (the vice president in the government that lost power over most of Afghanistan in August 2021).

Massoud escaped to Tajikistan [sometime between September 6 and September 21]; Saleh escaped (by helicopter) a few days after Massoud; The two have not been seen in public, after their escape, said "The Intercept" on September 21; Its sources are "a senior U.S. intelligence official, a Pentagon consultant, and two former senior Afghan government officials".

The name "second resistance" follows the name of the "first resistance" - a fight between the Northern Alliance (and a few other groups) against the Taliban from 1993 to the early 2000s.

Media said in August, that "There have been messages among" American and British former soldiers and former private security contractors (that had worked in Afghanistan); the messages are saying that Afghans outside the country are "starting to
gather" money for raising [or building] "private forces [...] to fight the Taliban".

As of September 9, researchers at "Bellingcat" said that intelligence from publicly available sources, shows that the Taliban control territory at least into the valley. The Taliban has placed the valley under siege, and journalists or goods can not come into the valley; That is why media said that is difficult to know how much control the Taliban have.

One investigative report was published by BBC on 13 September; The report found that the Taliban had executed at least 20 civilians in Panjshir since they went into the valley. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid, on the other hand, denied the group had done any human rights violation in the province. Journalists from Agence France-Presse were let into Panjshir on 15 September; They found many villages in the three districts they visited nearly empty; Residents told the journalists that the Taliban had executed 19 civilians between the village of Khenj and Bazarak; Residents also said that civilians were being (stopped or) prevented from escaping the province, so that civilians could be used as human shields during attacks by resistance fighters.

A doctor in Panjshir told Al Jazeera that all hospitals in the province had been closed or were operating on limited supplies, except for an emergency hospital staffed by Italians.


List of Chinese painters

This is a list of famous Chinese painters.



2017 Battlefords—Lloydminster federal by-election

The 2017 Battlefords—Lloydminster federal by-election took place in the federal voting area of Battlefords—Lloydminster in Saskatchewan. It happened on December 11, 2017. The by-election was called after Conservative MP Gerry Ritz decided he didn't want to be MP anymore.

The seat stayed in control of the Conservatives. Rosemarie Falk won the seat with more votes than the time before.

The by election was held on the same day as 3 others in Canada. These were Bonavista—Burin—Trinity in Newfoundland and Labrador, Scarborough—Agincourt in Ontario and South Surrey—White Rock in British Columbia.

The Second Game

The Second Game (Romanian: Al doilea joc) is a 2014 Romanian documentary movie directed by and narrated by Corneliu Porumboiu.

Star 80

Star 80 is a 1983 American biographical drama movie directed by Bob Fosse and was adapted from the article "Death of a Playmate" by Teresa Carpenter. It stars Mariel Hemingway, Eric Roberts, Cliff Robertson, Carroll Baker, Roger Rees, Stuart Damon, Josh Mostel, David Clennon and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Turanid race

Turanid race (also Turanoid or South Siberian race) is a word from physical anthropology that no one uses any more. In the past, anthropologists used this word to talk about people from South Siberia, called the South Siberian race They did this because using old ideas about dividing humans into groups by race could make it look like Europeans colonialism was a good thing.

When anthropologists first used this word, they meant people living in Central Asia and Kazakhstan. In European books, writers called it part of the Caucasian race with some "Mongoloid" mixed in. The form with strongly bronze age Andronovo characteristics is the most ancient form of the Turanid type.

The Turanid race was said to be connected to Turkic peoples, Mountain Tajiks of Xinjiang (Sarikoli) and the Pamir tribes. Historically, tt was characteristic of the Onogurs, Huns, Magyars, Pechenegs, Cumans, Ancient Uyghurs, Avars, Kabars, Khazars, the Volga Bulgars (8th–9th cc.) and was one of the composite elements of the ruling strata of the Hungarians at the time of the conquest. Turanoid skulls dating to the Mesolithic age were also discovered at the archaeological site of Alfalou in North Africa.

In 1952, German anthropologist Egon Freiherr von Eickstedt subdivided the Turanid type as follows:

Species: "Homo sapiens" Modern human
Subspecies I: "Homines sapientes albi" Europids



Saint James, Trinidad and Tobago

Saint James is a district of Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.
Expo 2020

Expo 2020 is an ongoing World Expo that is hosted by Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. However, Expo 2020 couldn't work in 2020 because of the Covid-19 Pandemic and so was delayed and postponed it to 1 October 2021 - 31 March 2022. Despite it being postponed, the organizers chose to keep the same name for convenience. There has been 191 countries participating in this event. It is also the first in Expo History to have all the building of the countries that were participating in the event. It also has futuristic pavillions

Expo 2020 Dubai is said to be the largest event taking place in the UAE. It is going to be celebration of human brilliance and accomplishment. Dubai Expo 2020 is a chance for people to connect from different corners of the globe, to experience the best art, culture, science, innovation, and invention, and to set into motion a huge number of new ideas and concepts . With shopping avenues, Dubai is coming up with amazing attractions to enhance tourism, particularly throughout Dubai Expo 2020. For example:


Dubai won the bid to host an Expo. Originally there were 4 cities, each from different countries which were


Sao Paulo lost in the first round, then Izmir in the second round. Finally Yekaterinburg lost to Dubai in holding an Expo.

UAE selected the theme: " Connecting Minds, Creating the Future". The subthemes were Opportunity, Mobility, Sustainability. It was expecting for more than 250,000 jobs and 25 million visitors to spectate the event. Green Chargers will be installed to serve electric vehicles.Talabat, a mobile food ordering app will also be used to serve food.

Salta tree frog

The Salta tree frog ("Boana marianitae") is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Argentina's Salta Province. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 700 and 2650 meters above sea level.

Afghan Civil War (1989–1992)

After the Soviet-Afghan War, which ended on 14 February 1989, a civil war started in Afghanistan. It lasted until the end of April 1992, when a new Afghan government was formed. On 24 April, the Peshawar Accord (an agreement for a new Afghan government) was announced. The civil war officially ended on 27 April 1992. The new Afghan government started the next day, on 28 April 1992.When the Soviet Union left Afghanistan in 1989, they left President Mohammed Najibullah in charge of the Republic of Afghanistan. But many people in Afghanistan did not support him because they thought that his government was a communist puppet regime (a regime controlled by the Soviet Union). Therefore, several mujahideen groups started to fight against Najibullah's regime. In March 1989, together with the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), the mujahideen attacked Jalalabad, but they were defeated. Two years later, in March 1991, they successfully overtook Khost. Mujahideen power continued to grow until the Peshawar Accord was announced in April 1992, and a few days later Najibullah's regime resigned. However, instead of a new government with all mujahideen groups, another civil war broke out between different mujahideen groups, which lasted until 1996 (also known as the Battle for Kabul).
Since 1933, Mohammad Zahir Shah ruled as King over Afghanistan. On 17 July 1973, there was a coup d'état led by prince Sardar (the former Prime Minister and Army General) against Mohammad Zahir, who was his cousin and brother-in-law. Mohammad Zahir was in Rome for medical treatment at that time. On 24 August, Mohammad Zahir announced his abdication and since then he chose to stay in Rome. More than two centuries after the founding of the Durrani Empire in 1747, Sardar Mohammad Daoud finally abolished the monarchy and the royal rule. The coup resulted in the establishment of the first Republic of Afghanistan under a one-party system, which was led by the first President of Afghanistan Sardar Mohammad Daoud with his National Revolutionary Party. Two days after the 1973 coup, the Soviet Union and India recognized the first Republic of Afghanistan and the new government.

On 27 April 1978 (the 7th of the month of "Saur" or "Sowr," the second month of the Solar Hijri calendar), 5 years after the first coup, there was another coup called the Saur Revolution. Nur Mohammad Taraki, the first General Secretary of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan (PDPA), together with Hafizullah Amin, gave the order for a military coup with the goal over overthrowing the government of President Sardar Mohammad Daoud. On 27 April, the first shots heard were near the Ministry of Interior in the downtown in Kabul as the first sign of a coup. From there, the fighting spread to other areas of the city. From 28 April 1978, during the time between the coup and the establishment of the new civilian government, the PDPA Revolutionary Council led the country for three days. After that, a new government was formed under the name of the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan (DRA), which was led by Prime Minister Nur Muhammad Taraki .The PDPA described the Saur Revolution as a democratic revolution.

The Democratic Republic of Afghanistan was the Afghan government that came to power through the Saur Revolution. It led the country from the end of the Saur Revolution in 1978 until 1992, when it was overthrown by several mujahideen groups at the end of the 1989-1992 Civil War. The party that was in power in the government was the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan (PDPA), which was founded on 1 July 1965. The PDPA party followed a Marxist–Leninist ideology. The party was led by Nur Muhammad Taraki, who led the party ever since the split between the Khalq faction (led by Taraki and Amin) and the Parcham faction (led by Babrak Karmal) in 1967. During their time in power, the DRA introduced several contentious reforms such as modernizing traditional Islamic civil and marriage laws and forcing land reforms.

Nur Muhammad Taraki was the first leader of the DRA after the Saur Revolution in 1978. He was a founding member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan PDPA, serving as its General Secretary from 1965 to 1979. Taraki's leadership was short-lived and marked by controversies. The government was divided between two PDPA factions: the Khalqists (led by Taraki), the majority, and the Parchamites, the minority. The second leader of the DRA was Hafizullah Amin. He was an Afghan communist revolutionary, who organized the Saur Revolution of 1978. Amin ordered the death of Taraki by suffocation with pillows on 8 October 1979. The third leader of the DRA was Babrak Karmal. He became a founding member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan PDPA and eventually became the leader of the Parcham faction. He was an Afghan revolutionary and politician who was the leader of Afghanistan, serving in the post of General Secretary of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan for seven years. The last leader of the DRA was Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai, commonly known as Dr. Najib. He was the General Secretary of the PDPA and the leader of the DRA from 1986 to 1992. Dr. Najib changed the name of the Communist Party PDPA to the Hizb-i Watan (Homeland Party). He was the President of Afghanistan from 1987 until his resignation in April 1992, shortlly after the mujahideen took over Kabul.
The Mujahideen resistance movement consisted of several smaller Islamist rebel groups. Despite their differences in region of origin, ethnicity, and religious connection, they fought against one common enemy: the communists (first the Soviets, and later Najibullah's DRA government). They shared the common goal of making Afghanistan an independent Islamic state, unaffected by large powers like the United States, the Soviet Union, and China. These groups were supported by the United States to fight against the Soviets and Najibullah. Seven of these groups came together in 1981 to form the Islamic Unity of Afghanistan's Mujahideen (IUAM), but they did not succeed in forming a united movement.They fought loosely and without strategic coordination. Sometimes, they would even attack each other. Out of these seven groups, there were four important ones: Hesb-e Islami, Jamiat-e Islami, Ittehad-e Islami, and the Haqqani network.

The Hezb-e Islami group was led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. This party was mainly supported by the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). Because American assistance to the mujahideen flowed through Pakistan, the Hezb-e Islami group received a lot of money. Because of this, the party was able to grow stronger and become one of the main mujahideen groups in the fight against Najibullah. However, they were not able to defeat Najibullah immediately after the Soviets left Afghanistan. This happened because the United States thought that Najibullah's regime would collapse under pressure by the mujahideen after the Soviets left, so they stopped giving them financial and military assistance. However, Najibullah's regime was able to stay in power because of Soviet support, allowing them to keep the Hezb-e Islami party under control.

Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and his troops became known for attacking other mujahideen groups, especially those of Ahmad Shah Massoud (part of the Jamiat-e Islami group). He even raided humanitarian aid organizations. Some people even thought that he attacked other mujahideen groups because he was secretly on the side of the Soviets and that "he might be a secret KGB plant whose mission was to sow disruption within the anti-communist resistance". Other people thought that he was causing chaos among mujahideen groups so that the Hezb-e Islami group could rise to power after the Soviets left. This caused the entire mujahideen movement to be divided and ineffective.

The Jamiat-e Islami group was led by Burhanuddin Rabbani, but the main military commander was Ahmad Shah Massoud. This group was also a strong mujahideen group and played an important role in the ultimate mujahideen victory over Najibullah in 1992. They received little to no support from the United States, which meant they had less resources (like money and military equipment) than the Hezb-e Islami group. However, their success was mainly thanks to Massoud's advanced fighting skills.

This group was the main opponent of the Hezb-e Islami group in the shared struggle against the Soviets and Najibullah. The two groups often fought against each other, even though they were both part of the same Islamist rebel movement against the communists. In one instance, Gulbuddin Hekmatyar attacked Massoud's troops and killed 36 of his commanders. In return, Massoud chased down four of Hekmatyar's men who were responsible for the attack and proceeded to hang them.

The Ittehad-e Islami group was led by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf, a Wahhabite military leader. This group was mainly supported and assisted by Saudi Arabia. Just like the rivalry between Hezb-e Islami and Jamiat-e Islami, the Ittehad-e Islami group also had an opponent in the shared fight against the communists: the smaller mujahideen group of Abdul Ali Mazari called Hezb-e Wahdat, which was supported by Iran. This rivalry existed because Saudi Arabia and Iran were in competition for regional domination.

The Haqqani network was led by Jalaluddin Haqqani, who founded the group as a split-off from the Yunis Khalis mujahideen group (a major mujahideen group in the early 1980s). Just like the Hezb-e Islami group, the Haqqani network received a lot of financial and military assistance from the United States. The main difference from the other mujahideen groups is that when the Taliban came to power after the civil war, the Haqqani network chose to support their regime. The Haqqani network also developed close relations with the Al-Qaeda network.

On 6 March 1989, the mujahideen groups attacked the Eastern city of Jalalabad. The attack was led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and his mujahideen group Hezb-e Islami. The Ittehad-e Islami group also fought with him. They were supported by the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). The goal was to overtake the city and use it to attack Kabul later on, so that they could defeat Najibullah's regime and form a mujahideen government.

The mujahideen forces were not successful in taking over Jalalabad. First, they tried to attack the city from the East, but the forces from the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan (DRA) were too strong for them. In the beginning they managed to overtake Samarkhel, a small village close to Jalalabad, and even the airport for a short time. However, then the DRA forces started to fight back, and drove the mujahideen back out of the city. The mujahideen forces then tried to attack the city from the North and South sides, but again the DRA forces were too strong. The mujahideen forces did not expect Jalalabad to be defended so well. There are three main reasons why the mujahideen did not manage to overtake Jalalabad. First, Jalalabad was well fortified, which meant that it was difficult to attack from the outside. Second, the DRA forces had strong firepower in the form of heavy artillery equipment and air support, while the muhajideen forces had to rely on guerilla tactics. Third, the DRA forces were well organized, while the mujahideen forces consisted of small, loose groups that also competed with each other. By June 1989, the mujahideen forces had been completely driven out of Jalalabad and had to give up. By then, about 3000-4000 mujahideen soldiers had died.

The battle of Jalalabad caused a lot of damage and division to the mujahideen troops. However, two years after the defeat at Jalalabad, they were ready again to try to overtake another major city. On 14 March 1991, they attacked Khost. Khost was a smaller city, close to the Eastern border with Pakistan. Because the mujahideen had been active there for a long time, it was easier for them to attack Khost than Jalalabad. They were successful in taking over the city in just two weeks.

The mujahideen forces attacked Khost from three different sides with a surprise attack that allowed them to advance very quickly. First, they captured some DRA outposts on the outskirts of the city, which diminished the amount of resistance they had to face. Then, they gained control over the airport, which slowed down DRA transportation and logistics while at the same time increasing the flexibility of the mujahideen. Finally they moved into the city, which fell to the mujahideen troops on 31 March 1991, just over two weeks after the first attack. Again, there are three main reasons why the mujahideen were successful this time. First, the rugged terrain of Khost made it more suitable to apply various guerilla warfare tactics that the mujahideen groups were used to. Second, whereas Jalalabad was well connected and continuously supplied by the DRA, Khost was logistically more difficult to reach and support from Kabul. This meant that the DRA forces in Khost received little to no support from the DRA government apart from the troops that were already stationed there. Third, the mujahideen forces on the ground were this time unified, well organized, and the whole attack was planned out in detail. The victory at Khost allowed the mujahideen to regain popular support and gain momentum to finally break down Najibullah's regime.

Seeing the success of the mujahideen, the UN and senior leaders of several Afghan mujahideen parties decided to meet in Peshawar to try to form a new neutral acting Afghan government to replace Najibullah's regime. The UN presented a plan to the mujahideen groups to form a pre-interim council and accept formal sovereignty from President Najibullah. In March 1992, Najibullah announced his cooperation to resign in order to make way for a new neutral acting government. With this announcement, he lost internal control. In April 1992, Kabul came completely under the control of the interim government, with the hope for a new era. But the situation quickly spiraled into escalation. Throughout the negotiation process, mujahideen forces were stationed outside Kabul city. In the spring of 1992, at least five mujahideen groups fell out and started fighting each other to take control over Kabul. Parties involved in the conflict were the Jamiat-e Islami group (led byAhmad Shah Massoud), the Hezb-e Islami group (led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar), the Hezb-i Wahdat group (led by Abdul Ali Mazari, the Ittehad-e Islami group (led by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf) and the Junbish-i Islami group (led by Abdul Rashid Dostum). By the end of 1992, the city of Kabul was badly damaged, thousands of civilians had been killed, and half a million residents were forced to flee. In November 1994, a new group entered the scene: the Taliban. They gradually gained the upper hand in the conflict, conquered Kabul in September 1996, and took control over Afghanistan altogether.


Iajuddin Ahmed

Iajuddin Ahmed (1 February 193110 December 2012) was a President of Bangladesh. He served as president from 6 September 2002 to 12 February 2009.

Coloring book

Coloring book is a book where you can add color using colored pencils, markers or paint. Coloring book contains contour drawings to add a color. Usually these books consist of animated characters. Except the coloring by contour, coloring books have mazes, connect the dots and sometimes include stickers. 

2007-08 UEFA Champions League

The 2007-2008 UEFA Champions league was the 16th season in the UEFA's Premier European football Tournament 

In this tournament Cristiano Ronaldo was the highest goal scorer with 8 goals.

The final was played between both the top premier league clubs Manchester United and Chelsea, won by Manchester united in the penalties by 6-5.
It was also Manchester United's 3rd Champions league title Under Sir Alex Ferguson.

Haosi Namoinu

Haosi Namoinu is a character of a Meitei folktale. She is the only daughter of Pokmabi Laoshigam Chanu and Senbi Loikenba. She was the apple of their eyes. Her father was a minister of the then Ancient Moirang kingdom, in charge of collecting tributes from the land of "Kabo" (present day Western Myanmar).

However, after her mother's untimely death, her father remarried with Nganurol Laoshigam Chanu (Loisingam Chanu), the sister of her mother. Spending a few days happily, Senbi Loikenba left for Kabo on the King's errand and during his absence, Haosi Namoinu was harshly treated by her stepmother. She was not allowed to go outside and play with her friends. She had to work as much hard as she could to satisfy her stepmother. Her bliss of household life was much worsened.
Her stepmother ordered her work after work and she completed it with no rest. She was forced to husk the rice, tired as she was, again she had to cook food for them and serve but she uttered no lamentation. Her stepmother's ruthlessness came to the highest degree and she ordered Haosi Namoinu, that if she wanted to join the feast (spring festival), she had to go to the maternal grandparents' house and bring a load of paddy rice (un-husked rice). She did so, but her stepmother was still not satisfied, and struck her head with a cookery utensil. Having being deprived of all youthful delights, the girl transformed herself into a Hari Nongnang (cicada) (or cricket in some version), with her clothes as wings and feathers, and flew away with ravishing tears.

This legendary account is engraved in as one of the two stories in the Khongjomnubi Nongarol.


Great Molasses Flood

The Great Molasses Flood or Boston Molasses Disaster happened in Boston, Massachusetts on January 15, 1919. A metal tank broke, and the 2.3 million gallons of molasses in it poured out onto Commercial Street.

Molasses is a sweet-tasting liquid. It is left over when people make sugar out of sugar cane or sugar beets. It can be used to make rum, a sweet alcohol drink, and it is an ingredient in Boston baked beans. In the early 20th century, many people in the West used molasses to sweeten their food because white sugar cost too much money.

Ships brought molasses to Boston from the sugar farms in the Caribbean Sea. In Boston, people made rum out of molasses in factories called distilleries. But the molasses had to be stored until rum makers were ready. This was right before alcohol would become illegal in the United States, so people wanted to make and sell rum while they still could. One company, U.S. Industrial Alcohol, put their molasses in a 50-foot (15-meter) steel tank at 529 Commercial Street in Boston's North End neighborhood.

The people in the North End said it made strange noises. The tank was not very old, but it leaked. Families would send children to go and take molasses from the leak. U.S. Industrial Alcohol painted the tank brown so the children could not find the leaks to steal molasses, but they did not fix the leaks. On January 13, two days before the flood, even more hot molasses was poured into the tank.

Engineer Ronald Mayville says the tank broke because the steel was not thick enough.

At about 12:30 p.m. on January 15, the molasses tank broke. 2.3 million gallons (8.7 million liters) of molasses spilled out onto Commercial Street. The wave of molasses was 30 feet (9 meters) high and moved at 35 miles per hour (55 kph). Pieces of the tank flew into houses and broke holes in walls. One piece flew into one of the pillars holding up an elevated train track and broke it. A train stopped just in time.

Because the molasses was sticky, people in it could not get out. When the tank first broke, some of the molasses was still hot, so it moved fast at first. But it cooled down quickly in the cold winter air. So people and other animals fell into warm, soft molasses that got hard around them, and they could not get out. When it covered people's noses and mouths, they could not breathe.

The molasses spread out to other streets. Soon, there was 2-3 feet (up to 1 meter) of molasses on the ground. A police officer was in a signal box talking to his police group when the tank broke. Because he was already sending a message to other police officers, he called for help right away. Rescue workers came to the North End, but they could not walk or drive carts through the molasses.

Some rescuers tried to get a man out of the molasses by pulling on his arm. The molasses was so hard that they pulled his arm off by accident.

21 people and many horses died. 150 people were hurt. Some of the dead people were not found until days later. Because of the molasses, it was hard for people to tell which people they were.

People who went to the North End got molasses on their clothes and shoes. When they went to other parts of Boston, the molasses fell off. Soon every street in Boston had molasses on it. Many of the train car seats and public telephones were sticky.

The people used hoses from fireboats to wash the molasses into Boston Harbor with seawater. The water in the harbor was brown for months. People say they can still smell molasses on hot days.

Soon after the flood, 199 people sued U.S. Industrial Alcohol. The lawsuit took six years and there were more than 3000 people who spoke in court. This was the first lawsuit in United States History that had many expert witnesses: Engineers, architects, and other building experts talked about the tank in court, for example metal scientist Albert Colby, Massachusetts Institute of Technology engineer George E. Russell, and Harvard University's George F. Swain.

During the lawsuit, there were three ideas about why the flood happened: 1) Yeast or other very small living things in the tank ate the molasses and gave off carbon dioxide gas, which made the tank explode, 2) someone put a bomb in the tank, or 3) the tank was not built well. Eventually, the court decided that the tank was not built well, and that U.S. Industrial Alcohol caused the flood with this unsafe tank. U.S. Industrial Alcohol settled with some people out of court too. Families got about US$7000 per dead person. The company paid somewhere from $500,000 to $100,000.

Historian Stephen Puleo says that this case set the precedent, a way of doing things for the future: Americans began to think that building inspectors should look at tanks and other buildings to see if they are safe, that engineers need to write plans for their buildings, and that architects need to show their blueprints.

The Bostonian Society put a small green marker on Commercial Street in the 1990s.


Heavy-footed moa

The Heavy-footed moa ("Pachyornis elephantopus") was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand. It could not fly.

The heavy-footed moa was about 1.8 m (5.9 ft) tall. It weighed 145 kg (320 lb).

The heavy-footed moa was discovered by W.B.D. Mantell at Awamoa, near Oamaru.

The heavy-footed moa only lived in the South Island of New Zealand. They lived in dry and open habitats such as grasslands, shrublands and dry forests.

The heavy-footed moa is a herbivore like other types of moa. It eats tough plants. Its only predator was the Haast's eagle.

North Island giant moa

The North Island giant moa ("Dinornis novaezealandiae") was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand. It could not fly.

Havana syndrome

Havana syndrome is a medical episode of signs and symptoms reported by United States and Canadian embassy staff in Cuba which began in November 2016. It has happened in other countries such as in the United States, Austria, and Germany. The phenomenon that began in Havana has been reported by officials and their families stationed in Russia, Poland, Austria, Georgia, Taiwan, Colombia, China, Kyrgyzstan, the United Kingdom, India and Uzbekistan. 

In 2017, President Donald Trump blamed Cuba of causing unknown attacks which led to these symptoms. The U.S. lowered the number of staff at their embassy. In 2018, U.S. diplomats in China said they felt sick the same way diplomats in Cuba felt. The US intel services have not yet reached a consensus on a cause of the Havana syndrome, though unnamed sources have expressed suspicions to the press that Russian military intelligence is responsible.

The people who had the Havana syndrome were hospitalized, with some having brain injuries. While the exact cause of this is unknown, many scientists believe it is caused by a microwave weapons.

South Island giant moa

The South Island giant moa ("Dinornis robustus") was a type of moa. It only lived in New Zealand. It could not fly.

Gentrification

Gentrification is the process of taking lower income or older neighborhoods and building more expensive, higher class or prettier buildings in them, building condominiums, or tearing down old buildings to make the neighborhood look better, usually to make the neighborhood more attractive to wealthy people and businesses, or by their doing directly.

Gentrification means the transformation of a working-class or vacant area of the main part of a city to middle class residential or commercial area. Gentrification often increases the value of a neighborhood, but changes the demographic of the neighborhood by forcing people who already lived there to leave because of the rising prices caused by the new, higher value buildings built around them. Neighborhoods where there is a large minority population such as African-American or Latinos are common victims of gentrification.


Gentrification of Chicago

The Gentrification of Chicago is a process that has changed the demographic of some neighborhoods in Chicago usually by lowering the percentage of low-income minority residents and increasing the percentage of white, higher-income residents.

Gentrification has been an issue between the residents of minority neighborhoods in Chicago. Many people in Chicago believe that gentrification is pushing poorer and mainly minority people out of their longtime neighborhoods.

Factors to measure gentrification in Chicago are changes in the number of residents with bachelor's degrees, median household income, racial makeup, visual looks, and the presence of coffee shops. There have been phases of gentrification in Chicago of various neighborhoods, some of which were in 1990s and in 2007–2009. Gentrification debates in Chicago have been mostly focused around the gentrification of Chicago's historically Latino or black neighborhoods. These neighborhoods are located near the central urban downtown areas and along the east side of the city.
Some neighborhoods in the city which has had a large minority population that has been gentrified include: Wicker Park, Humboldt Park, Pilsen, Logan Square, Uptown and the Cabrini–Green Homes in the city's Near North Side.


Cabrini–Green Homes

Cabrini–Green Homes was a public housing project on the Near North Side of Chicago, Illinois. The Francis Cabrini Rowhouses and Extensions were in the Cabrini–Green neighborhood.

Cabrini-Green was home to 15,000 people, mostly living in mid- and high-rise apartment buildings. Crime in the area caused poor living conditions for many residents. "Cabrini-Green" became a well known example for problems caused by public housing in the United States. In 1995, CHA began tearing down mid- and high-rise buildings, with the last demolished in 2011. Today, only the original, two-story rowhouses remain.

The area has been rebuilt through the building of high-rises and townhouses, causing it to become a mixed-income neighborhood.

Lajim Ukin

Datuk Seri Panglima Haji Lajim Ukin (15 June 1955 – 29 August 2021) was a Malaysian politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Beaufort constituency in Sabah from 2008 to 2013. Ukin was a member of the United Malays National Organisation. Ukin was born in Beaufort, Malaysia.

Ukin died on 29 August 2021 at a hospital in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia of COVID-19, aged 66.

Yuri Pudyshev

Yuri Alekseyevich Pudyshev (; 3 April 1954 – 29 August 2021) was a Soviet and Belarusian footballer and coach. He was born in Kaliningrad, Russia. He was known for playing with FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dinamo Minsk. His playing career lasted from 1973 until 2010. His managing career lasted from 1992 until his death.

Pudyshev also played for the national team once at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Pudyshev died on 29 August 2021 at the age of 67.

Mikhail Nenashev

Mikhail Petrovich Nenashev (18 March 1960 – 29 August 2021) was a Russian politician. He was born in the Ternovsky District, Russia. Nenashev was a member of the Party of Business. Between 2007 until 2011, Nenashev was a member of the State Duma.

Nenashev died on 29 August 2021 from cardiac arrest in Moscow, aged 61.

Kolë Berisha

Kolë Berisha (; 26 October 1947 – 29 August 2021) was a Kosovo politician. He was the Chair of Assembly of Kosovo from March 2006 to 2007. Berisha was also a deputy leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo. He was born in Klina, Yugoslavia.

Berisha died on 29 August 2021 in Pristina, Kosovo at the age of 73.

Stephen Vizinczey

Stephen Vizinczey, originally István Vizinczey (12 May 1933 – 18 August 2021) was a Hungarian-Canadian author and writer. He took part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. He learned English writing scripts for Canada's National Film Board and the CBC. He edited Canada's short-lived literary magazine, "Exchange".

He was known for his book "In Praise of Older Women", which has been made into two movies.

Vizinczey died on 18 August 2021 at the age of 87.

Francesc Burrull

Francesc Burrull (18 October 1934 – 28 August 2021) was Spanish jazz pianist and composer. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. Burrull won the Creu de Sant Jordi in 2017. He was known for his 1972 album "Miguel Hernández". 

Burrull died on 28 August 2021 in Sant Pere de Ribes, Spain of kidney disease, aged 86.


Jiang Chunyun

Jiang Chunyun (; April 1930 – 28 August 2021) was a Chinese politician. He was a member of the Chinese Communist Party. Jiang was born in Shandong, China. From 1987 until 1989, he was the Governor of Shandong. From 1995 until 1998, he was the Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China.

Jiang died on 28 August 2021 in Beijing at the age of 91.

Sompote Sands

Sompote Saengduenchai (; ; May 24, 1941 – August 26, 2021), internationally known as Sompote Sands, was a Thai movie director, special effects creator and producer. 

He was best known for directing many Thai movies such as "The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army", "Jumborg Ace & Giant", "Hanuman and the Five Riders", the 1980 cult classic "Crocodile", "Phra Rod Meree" and the 1985 children's movie "Magic Lizard". He was born in Amphoe Phra Pradaeng, Thailand.

Sands died on August 26, 2021 in Bangkok from cancer at the age of 80.

Lucille Whipper

Lucille Simmons Whipper (June 6, 1928 – August 27, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1985 to 1995. She was the first Black woman to represent a Charleston County seat. Whipper was born in Charleston, South Carolina. She was a member of the Democratic Party.

Whipper died on August 27, 2021 at a hospital in Charleston at the age of 93.

Vanita Gupta

Vanita Gupta (born November 15, 1974) is an American politician and lawyer. She is the United States Associate Attorney General since April 22, 2021. Gupta was the president and chief executive officer of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights and as the head of the Civil Rights Division at the U.S. Department of Justice from 2014 to 2017.

On January 7, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Gupta to be Associate Attorney General. She was confirmed by the Senate on April 21, 2021.

The Upsetter (movie)

The Upsetter: The Life and Music of Lee Scratch Perry is a documentary movie about Jamaican musician Lee "Scratch" Perry. Benicio Del Toro tells the story in the movie. Ethan Higbee and Adam Bhala Lough directed the movie. The first showing of the documentary was at the SXSW Film Festival in March 2008. The first showing in theaters was in March 2011.

Protea inopina

Protea inopina also called Large-nut Sugarbush is a flowering shrub belonging to the well-known Protea genus. The plant is endemic to the Western Cape, rare, extremely isolated and occurs only in the Olifants River Mountains near Palace Hill. The plant grows 1 m tall and has many stems. It blooms from September to December.
The plant sprouts again after it has burned. The seeds are stored in a shell and spread by the wind. The plant is unisexual. Pollination takes place through the action of birds. The plant grows in sandstone soil at altitudes of 600 - 650 m.

In Afrikaans it is known as the Groottolsuikerbos.

Afghan Civil War (1928–1929)

The Afghan Civil War was a war going on from 14 November 1928 to 13 October 1929. The Saqqawist group and the Soviet Union decided to invade the Kingdom of Afghanistan and ended up in a defeat.

On 14 November 1928, the civil war started with the Shinwari Revolt; Pashtun tribesmen from the Shinwari tribe started a siege of Jalalabad; telegraph wires were also cut; a manifesto had a list of grievances (or complaints); some of those complaints were in some way about changing the status of women.

Forces led by a Tajik leader, Habibullah Kalakani, were moving toward Kabul from the north. Kalakani was a native of Kalakan, a village thirty kilometers north of Kabul. In late November, they put siege to Jabal al-Siraj, north of Kabul, and on either 11 or 12 December, after 18 days of siege, Ahmad Ali Lodi surrendered the citadel, and handed over (or gave) all government funds as well as 18 machine guns, and some heavy weapons and rifles.

Kalakani became King of Afghanistan.

Ali Ahmad Khan was captured; his reign ended on 9 February.
Kalakan's forces did fight anti-Saqqawist tribes.

On 8 August, an anti-Saqqawist uprising took place in Bamyan, Ghuri and Baghlan, blocking Kalakani's force's route to Turkistan and forcing them to retreat to Ghurband. On 21 August, the Sayyid of Shaykh Ali started an offensive (or attack) against Kalakani, advancing as far as Khanabad, Andarab and Ghurband. On 26 August, there were rumours in Kabul that Hazara settlers successfully attacked Mazar-i Sharif. In early September, the Saqqawists won their last victory by taking Jalalabad. On 23 September, a pro-Nadir uprising in Kandahar succeeded at driving out Kalakani's forces from the city. On 29 September, a pro-Nadir force under Shah Wali crossed the Durand Line and occupied Khushi. On the 30th, he sent a 1000-man force ahead to Tangi Waghjan, the gorge on the road to the Logar Valley. On 3 October, after an intense battle, anti-Saqqawist forces captured the town of Muhammad Aghah, placing themselves within striking distance of Kabul. Kalakani himself took part in this battle, trying to lift his soldier's spirits, to no avail. anti-Saqqawist forces continued to slowly push towards Kabul, seizing Charasya, Chihil Tan and Chihil Sutun on 5 October. By 7 October, Kalakani's forces had retreated from almost all territory outside Kabul, and prepared for their last stand. 

On 9 October, after dozens of hours of street fighting in Kabul, the Arg was put under siege. On 13 October, after several days of bombardment, Nadir's forces entered the Arg. After a battle, the Arg was captured, and the civil war ended.


Zahedan

Zahedan () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Southeastern Iran. As of 2016, Zahedan has over 600,000 people.

The demographics of the inhabiants of Zahedan are mixed with Balochis, and Persians. They speak Persian and Balochi. Zahedan is east of the Dasht-e Loot. Zahedan is part of Baluchestan, a historic region of Asia. Sunni Muslims live in Zahedan as well. Shaikh Abdolhamid Ismaeelzahi is the main and most influential religious and Sunni and the Baloch people.
Zahedan is located in the southeastern part of Iran. It is 1,491 kilometers southeast of Tehran, 950 kilometers south of Mashhad, 1,189 kilometers southeast of Isfahan, 2,024 kilometers southeast of Tabriz, and 95 kilometers from the Iran-Pakistan border. It is also connected by rail to Pakistan and is near to Afghanistan. Zahedan is the Iranian city, which is the closest to Afghanistan and Pakistan.
As of 2016, Zahedan has 587,730 people. In the 1930s, Zahedan was a small village. In 1930, Zahedan's population reached 17,500. and increased more than fivefold to 93,000 by 1976. After 1980, large numbers of Iranians fleeing the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan helped triple the population of Zahedan to more than 281,000 by 1986, a number which has since doubled again.
Multiple images of Zahedan in a picture.

OceanHero

OceanHero is a search engine focused on collecting plastics, mostly bottle waste in the oceans. It has been certified by the United Nations (UN) Head of Marine and Freshwater Branch.

OceanHero follows the model of a similar search engine, Ecosia, which finances tree planting. It earns revenue like most other search engines by displaying ads on search results. The revenue generated from ads are then used to finance collecting plastic bottles from oceans located in Southeast Asia. It can also be installed as a Chrome extension.

OceanHero uses a "shell" system for their searches. Users earn 20 shells from each search. For opening a tab, users earn 10 shells. Similarly, different colored shells occasionally pop up on the search engine, asking questions where users can earn shells. Earning 100 shells is the equivalent of financing the recovery of 1 plastic bottle. Every recovered bottle is shown on a bottle counter. 

They have developed a unique approach where low-income individuals are involved in the process of collecting plastic from local seas. These individuals receive financial support from the revenue generated through ads on search results. This innovative model allows them to contribute to the removal of plastic waste while also providing them with an income.


Natasha Heschélle

Natasha Chipo Mutungwazi is a Canadian actress based in Toronto, Ontario. Her first major recognition was for her role as Helen on the Amazon Prime Video series 'Zahara: The Return', for which she won Gold Movie Awards, UK for Best Actress in a Drama/Horror. She also nominated as the Best Digital Series writer at Blood in the Snow Canadian Film Festival.

Natasha was born and raised in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe. In 2004, her mother Marisa Moyo migrated to Canada, later she moved to Canada to live with her mother. It was reported that Natasha on numerous occasions skipped her school to attend dance classes. In 2013, she had to move to Paris with the plan to work and pay for her dancing classes. Natasha returned to Canada in 2014 and admitted herself into an acting school, . In June 2021, she released her debut EP "Imagine", which garnered over million views across digital platforms.



Lawrence Rosario Abavana

Lawrence Rosario Abavana (1920 – 29 May 2004) was a Ghanaian politician and teacher by. He served as a Minister of different portfolios.

The Magic Bow

The Magic Bow is a 1946 British musical movie directed by Bernard Knowles and starring Stewart Granger, Phyllis Calvert, Jean Kent, Dennis Price, Marie Lohr, Cecil Parker, Felix Aylmer, Mary Jerrold, Charles Victor.

Spaceflight IC-1

Spaceflight IC-1: An Adventure in Space is a 1965 British science fiction movie directed by Bernard Knowles and starring Bill Williams, Norma West, John Cairney, Donald Churchill, Kathleen Breck, Linda Marlowe, Margo McLennan, Mark Lester. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Sahabi Alhaji Yaú

Sahabi Alhaji Yaú (born July 16, 1956) is a Nigerian politician and senator representing Zamfara North.

Wikimedia UK

Wikimedia UK (WMUK) is a charity that helps people who work on Wikimedia projects in the United Kingdom. It is a Wikimedia chapter owned by the Wikimedia Foundation.

Wikimedia UK started out as Wiki Educational Resources Limited. However, because of money problems they became Wiki UK Limited. They failed to get charitable status at first. As a result, the group made changes to what it did so it could become a charity.

The group has worked with museums and others. They have organised things for volunteers in the United Kingdom to do. Some of the organisation's board members have been in controversies because of what they've done on Wikipedia. There were claims that a Wikimedia UK staff member was promoting Gibraltarpedia.

Daniele Mortari

Daniele Mortari (born 30 June 1955) is Professor of Aerospace Engineering at Texas A&M University.

Nura M Inuwa

Nura Musa Inuwa (born 18 September 1989), also called M Inuwa, is a Nigerian Hausa musician, artist and movie producer.

Inuwa has over 500 songs which were used in Kannywood films. Inuwas successfully sang a campaign song to opposition candidate Alhaji Atiku Abubakar in 2019, the former Vice President Nigeria.

Inuwa discography includes the following 
Hubbi, Dan Baiwi, Alkawariri, Dawo dawo, Wata Ruga, Yar Fulani, Salm, Labarina, Yan Arewa, Duniyar Masoya, Mailaya, In Kaiya Zance, Daren Alkhairi, Basaja, Alkawari, Mai Gadon Zin, Zurfin Ciki etci5]

Jordi Galí

Jordi Galí (born January 4, 1961) is a Spanish economist.

Richard Clarida

Richard Harris Clarida (born May 18, 1957) is an American economist. He was the Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve from 2018 until 2022.

Clarida studied his Bachelor of Science degree in economics from the University of Illinois and did his Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from Harvard University.

Khemarak Phoumin

Khemarak Phoumin () is a city in Cambodia. It is the capital of Koh Kong Province in Western Cambodia.

Until the end of 1990, Koh Kong was one of the least parts of Cambodia. On 21 April 1984, the Khmer Rouge captured Koh Kong and held it for a night and day. They claimed via the Khmer Rouge Radio to have killed 1,107 Vietnamese troops and injured 125 more during the Vietnamese battle of Koh Kong.

Koh Kong town is just below the southern end of the Cardamom Mountains. The Kah Bpow river runs through the town of Koh Kong, and begins in the Cardamoms and runs down to join the Gulf of Thailand. In 2000, wildlife traders from Thailand were reported to come to Koh Kong town each month to purchase wildlife products. In 2005, One of Cambodia"s tiger hunters, Yor Ngun, was finally captured in Koh Kong town. He was eventually charged with having killed and sold at least 19 tigers, 40 leopards, 30 elephants, 500 gaur, banteng and sambar, 40 Sun bears and three Asian black bears.
Khemarak Phoumin is accessible by land, sea, and air. It is over 450 kilometers southeast of Bangkok, Thailand, 133 kilometers west of Phnom Penh, Cambodia, and 138 kilometers northwest from Sre Ambel, Cambodia.
Afghan Civil War (1992–1996)

The Afghan Civil War was going on from 1992 to 1996.

Fighting over Kabul started on 25 April 1992. The six armies fighting were Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin, Jamiat-e Islami, Harakat-i-Inqilab-i-Islami, Ittehad-e Islami, Hezb-i Wahdat and Junbish-i Milli. Mujahideen warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, the leader of Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin, was offered the position of prime minister in President Mujaddidi's government - an interim. But this agreement was broken on 29 May when Mujaddidi accused Hekmatyar of having rockets fired at his airplane.

By 30 May 1992, Jamiat-e Islami and Junbish-i Milli mujahideen forces were fighting against Hekmatyar's Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin again in southern Kabul.

In May or early June, Hekmatyar's forces started [ firing cannons and grenade launcher toward targets] all around Kabul. Much support came from the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). Junbish-i Milli and Jamiat-e Islami in June shelled [or fired cannons and grenade launchers toward targets in] areas south of Kabul. Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat were fighting each other in west Kabul. At the end of June 1992, Burhanuddin Rabbani took over as (acting or) interim president of Afghanistan. That government was weak, even from its start in April 1992.

In the rest of 1992, hundreds of rockets hit Kabul, thousands, mostly civilians, were killed, half a million people fled the city. In 1993, the rivalling militia factions continued their fights over Kabul, several cease-fires and peace accords failed.
According to Human Rights Watch, in the period 1992–95, five different mujahideen armies contributed to heavily damaging Kabul, though other analysts blame especially the Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin group.

On 25 September, the strategic town of Sarobi, an eastern outpost of Kabul, fell to the Taliban who captured it from interim government troops. 50 people were killed and the Taliban captured many arms from fleeing government soldiers.

On 26 September, with the Taliban attacking Kabul, interim minister of defense Ahmad Shah Massoud in his headquarters in northern Kabul concluded that his and President Rabbani’s interim government's forces had been encircled, and decided to quickly evacuate or withdraw those forces to the north, to avoid destruction. Also Hekmatyar, leader of Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin, withdrew from Kabul.

By nightfall, or on the next day of 27 September, the Taliban had conquered Kabul. Taliban's leader Muhammad Umar appointed his deputy, Mullah Muhammad Rabbani, as head of a national ruling council which was called Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. By now, the Taliban controlled most of Afghanistan.


Afghan Civil War

The Afghan Civil War can be:



List of best-selling video games

This is a list of best-selling video games.

Chae Yeon

Chae-yeon Lee (Korean: 이채연; born December 10, 1978), is a Korean pop singer.

Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall

Hugh Christopher Edmund Fearnley-Whittingstall (born 14 January 1965) is an English celebrity chef, television personality, journalist, food writer, and campaigner on food and environmental issues. 

London Protocol (1830)

The London Protocol of 3 February 1830 was an agreement between the three Great Powers (The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, The Kingdom of France and the Russian Empire), which amended the decisions of the 1829 protocol and established Greece as an independent, sovereign state.

As a result of the Greek War of Independence which began in 1821, and the Great Powers' intervention in the conflict in the Battle of Navarino (1827), the creation of some form of Greek state in southern Greece had become certain. In 1827, the Greek Third National Assembly entrusted the governance of the fledgling nation to Ioannis Kapodistrias, who arrived in Greece in January 1828. Alongside his efforts to lay the foundations for a modern state, Kapodistrias undertook negotiations with the Great Powers as to the extent and constitutional status of the new Greek state.

In March 1829, the foreign ministers of the Great Powers signed the first London Protocol, according to which Greece would become an autonomous, tributary state under Ottoman suzerainty, under an elected Christian prince and encompassing the heartlands of the Greek uprising, the Morea (Peloponnese), Continental Greece and the Cyclades. Kapodistrias' diplomatic manoeuvres, aided by the Russian victory in the Russo-Turkish War of 1828–29, resulted in a revision of the protocol on 3 February 1830. According to it, Greece would be fully independent from the Ottoman Empire, but its borders were reduced to the Aspropotamos–Spercheios line. Leopold of Saxe-Coburg (the future King of Belgium) was selected as the first King of Greece, but he rejected the offer.

The protocol was yet again amended in the London Conference of 1832, which established the final borders of the Kingdom of Greece and gave the crown to the Bavarian prince Otto.

Mominul Haque

Mominul Haque (; born 29 September 1991) is a Bangladeshi first-class cricketer. He is also the captain for the Bangladesh national team in Test matches. Mominul is a left-handed batsman.

Mominul has the highest batting average in test cricket for a Bangladeshi player.

Shoriful Islam

Mohammad Shoriful Islam (; born 3 June 2001) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. He started his international cricket career for the Bangladesh cricket team in March 2021.

Boana aguilari

Boana aguilari is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it between 1225 and 2080 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in the Pasco part of Peru, in the eastern Andes Mountains.

The adult male frog is 33.7–43.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.7–50.0 mm long. The adult male frog has thick, strong front legs and bony spines on its body. But it does not have the nuptial pad on its front feet the way some other adult male frogs do. This frog's head and back are light brown with light green marks. The throat is yellow-green in color. The belly is white in color and its feet are gray. The iris of the eye is light brown or pink with black marks.

South Island oystercatcher

The South Island oystercatcher, South Island pied oystercatcher, New Zealand oystercatcher, or tōrea ("Haematopus finschi") is a bird in the family Haematopodidae. It lives in New Zealand but it also goes to Australia.

This bird has black and white feathers, pink legs, and a long red bill, or beak.

This bird spends most of its time in estuaries places where rivers mix with the ocean or by the coast. When it is time for them to lay eggs, they go near rivers, in farmland, and sometimes grasslands. They build nests on the ground out of gravel or earth.

When this bird lives in estuaries or the coast, it eats mollusks, for example oysters and other animals with two shells. It also eats crustaceans, earthworms, and insect larvae. Scientists do not know what it eats when it flies inland to build nests.

There were about 40,000 birds alive in the early 1970s and 112,000 in the early 1990s.

Baitul Aman Mosque

The Baitul Aman Jame Masjid Complex (, ) is a mosque complex in Barishal, Bangladesh. It is commonly known as Guthia Mosque (). It has a land area of 14 acres. The Baitul Aman Jame Masjid Complex consists of a mosque, a large eidgah, a graveyard, three lakes, a madrasa and an orphanage. It was established on December 16, 2003. Guthia Mosque is also a tourist spot in Bangladesh.

Giant clam

The giant clams are the members of the clam genus Tridacna that are the largest living bivalve mollusks. There are actually several species of "giant clams" in the genus "Tridacna", which are often misidentified for "Tridacna gigas", the most commonly intended species referred to as “the giant clam”.

"Tridacna gigas" is one of the most endangered clam species. Antonio Pigafetta documented these in his journal as early as 1521. One of a number of large clam species native to the shallow coral reefs of the South Pacific and Indian oceans, they can weigh more than , measure as much as across and have an average lifespan in the wild of over 100 years. They are also found off the shores of the Philippines and in the South China Sea in the coral reefs of Sabah (Malaysian Borneo).

The giant clam lives in flat coral sand or broken coral and can be found at depths of as much as 20 m (66 ft). Its range covers the Indo-Pacific, but populations are diminishing quickly, and the giant clam has become extinct in many areas where it was once common. The maxima clam is found most commonly among giant clam species; it can be found off high- or low-elevation islands, in lagoons or fringing reefs. Its rapid growth rate is likely due to its ability to grow algae in its body tissue.

Although larval clams are planktonic, they become sessile in adulthood. The creature's mantle tissues act as a home for the symbiotic single-celled dinoflagellate algae (zooxanthellae) from which the adult clams get most of their food. By day, the clam opens its shell and extends its mantle tissue so that the algae get the sunlight they need to photosynthesize.

Taslima Memorial Academy

Taslima Memorial Academy is a high school situated in Patharghata Upazila, Barguna District, Bangladesh. It is one of the top high schools under the Barisal Education Board. It holds the top position in Barguna District and is a semi-public institution established on January 1, 1995, by former Mayor Mallik Mohammad Ayub. Offering classes from one to ten, the school operates in two shifts: morning (starting at 7:00 am) and day (starting at 10:00 am).

Ratchet &amp; Clank: Rift Apart

Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart is a 2021 3D platformer and shooter game for the PlayStation 5.


Trousers as women's clothing

Trousers (called pants in American English) first showed up in recorded history with the nomadic people across Western Europe. Archeological studies show men/boys and women/girls wore trousers and pants in relation to past societal cultures. For most of modern history, though, wearing pants/trousers was usually restricted to men and boys. In several regions across the world, such patterns were applied not just by social rules but also through laws.

Different United States cities, in the 19th and 20th centuries, passed legislation that banned women and girls from wearing trousers/pants. One such law was passed by the San Francisco Supervisors' Board in 1863. This law made appearing in public wearing clothes of the opposite sex (males wearing female clothing or females wearing male clothes) illegal. Similar laws were already in effect for Chicago (passed in 1851) and Columbus, Ohio (passed in 1848). Further laws against cross-dressing were put into effect for Houston, Texas (passed in 1864) and Orlando, Florida (went into effect in 1907). Another almost two dozen United States cities also had these laws. Further laws against cross-dressing were put into effect far into the 20th century. They were made effective for Detroit, Michigan and Miami, Florida as recently as the 1950s. 

In 1851, early women's rights advocate Elizabeth Smith Miller introduced Amelia Bloomer to a garment originally called the "Turkish dress" (knee length skirts over Turkish-style clothes). Bloomer was later working for and promoting the dress. Instructions for making the dress were included. The dresses were later called bloomers.

Another woman who advocated publicly for dress changes was Mary Edwards Walker. She was an abolitionist in the 19th century and Civil War surgeon. Walker wore bloomers while working with a military hospital. In 1871, she wrote that women's dress should: "protect the person, and allow freedom of motion and circulation, and not make the wearer a slave to it". Walker publicly wore men's trousers. For doing so, she was arrested several times beginning in New York City in 1866. Other females were also arrested for similar behaviors in the 19th century.

Near the end of the 19th century, Parisian women and girls wore bloomers more often than English and American females. This might have been because the bloomers were presented for being fashionable items across France. In that country, fashion writers were against this. By 1895, though, many middle class American women and girls had adopted the bike and the bloomer. The women and girls began calling themselves 'New Women' despite the resistance from society. At that same time, these early women's and girls' trousers and pants became more diverse according to their uses for cycling, sexual stimulation and gymnastics.

During World War I (1914–1918), lots of females in several countries, like France, the United States and the United Kingdom were signed up for working in factories, especially military weapons factories. These women were also hired to aid the World War I effort and replacing men in the service sectors, like public transport. Women's trousers and pants became more socially acceptable in the World War I years. This was considered daring while women went against the normal dress rules.

The 20th century actresses Marlene Dietrich and Katharine Hepburn were often photographed while wearing trousers in the 1930s. The earlier was famous for having appeared in a tuxedo and matching fedora (a hat) at the 1932 first showings of "The Sign of the Cross". 

Eleanor Roosevelt (1884–1962) was the beginning First Lady appearing in trousers at a formal function. She was in charge of the 1933 Easter Egg Roll while she wore riding trousers.

During World War II (1939–1945), history repeated itself in much larger scales. More women during World War II than in World War I cut their hairs and put on trousers. They did this for the task of working in factories while men were sent to battlefields. In 1942–1945, more American women entered the labor forces than ever before. Unlike decades before, clothing manufacturers didn't look to Parision couture designs (meaning fashionable made-to-wear clothes) for being inspired. They developed their own clothing styles within limits that were set by war-time needs.

Unlike during the Interwar period (between the World Wars), women's trousers made a lasting step forward after World War II. They were used as pieces of clothing for everyday use and a fashion statement. In the years after the war, trousers/pants were still common for socializing, leisure and gardening. But apart from those, actresses like Katharine Hepburn, Audrey Hepburn (not directly related to Katharine with the same family name), Coco Chanel and Marlene Dietrich wore trousers/pants in public for uses every day. As a whole, however, most women and girls resumed everyday uses of skirts and dresses as the standard outfit in workplaces, like offices by the mid-to-late 1950s. It was in the late 1950s, during which time Capri pants became very popular, that major changes began showing.

Reproductive rights

Reproductive rights are the legal rights and freedoms related to reproduction and reproductive health that differ in countries across the world. The World Health Organization has defined women's reproductive rights as follows:

Reproductive rights rest on the recognition of the basic right of all couples and individuals to decide freely and responsibly the number, spacing and timing of their children and to have the information and means to do so, and the right to attain the highest standard of sexual and reproductive health. They also include the right of all to make decisions concerning reproduction free of discrimination, coercion and violence.

Women's reproductive rights may include some or every of these: rights to receive education on sexually transmitted disease, freedoms from forced sterilizations or contraceptions, rights to menstrual health and abortion-rights movements.

Some people that are against legalized abortion view the term "reproductive rights" as a euphemism to sway emotions in favor of abortion.

Ferreries

Ferreries is a municipality on the island of Menorca, in the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands.

Beja, Portugal

Beja () is a city in the Alentejo region, Portugal. The population in 2011 was 35,854. It has an area of . 

Beja

Beja may refer to:




Béja

Béja ( "") is a city in Tunisia. It is the capital of the Béja Governorate. It is located from Tunis.

Ron Bushy

Ron Bushy (December 23, 1941 – August 29, 2021) was an American rock drummer. He was best known as a member of the rock band Iron Butterfly. He was the drum soloist on the band's iconic song "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" (1968). He was the only member of the group to appear on all six of their studio albums.

On August 29, 2021, Bushy died at the UCLA Medical Center in Santa Monica, California from esophageal cancer, at the age of 79.

Wang Kuang-hui

Wang Kuang-hui (; 12 November 1964 – 30 August 2021) was a Taiwanese professional baseball player and coach. He spent his entire playing and coaching career in the Chinese Professional Baseball League with the Brother Elephants team. His playing career lasted from 1990 until 2004. Wang's managing career lasted from 2007 until 2009. Wang was born in Hualien County, Taiwan.

Wang died on 30 August 2021 in Taipei from liver cancer, aged 56.

Latif Nassif Jassim

Latif Nassif Jassim (; born 1941 – 30 August 2021) was an Iraqi politician. He was the leader of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party. Jassim was born in Baghdad, Iraq. From 1977 until 1979, he was the Minister of Agriculture. From 1979 until 1971, he was the Minister of Culture and Information.

Jassim was arrested on 9 June 2003 and sentenced to life imprisonment in 2009 in the case of the murder of Mohammad al-Sadr.

Jassim died on 30 August 2021 in Baghdad at the age of 80.

Claude Guichard

Claude Guichard (11 November 1928 – 30 August 2021) was a French politician and academic. He was born in Sainte-Foy-la-Grande, France. He was a member of the Independent Republicans. Guichard was a member of the National Assembly from 1967 until 1968 and from 1968 until 1973.

Guichard died on 30 August 2021 at the age of 92.

Muhammad Hamza

Muhammad Hamza (20 March 1929 – 29 August 2021) was a Pakistani politician. He was a member of Senate of Pakistan from March 2012 to March 2018 and member of the National Assembly of Pakistan between 1985 and 1999. He had been a member of the West Pakistan Legislative Assembly from 1962 to 1969. Hamza was born in Ludhiana, British Raj.

Hamza died of COVID-19 on 29 August 2021 in Punjab, Pakistan at the age of 92.

Daniel Clarence Quinn

Daniel Clarence Quinn or more commonly known as just Daniel Quinn was an American writer of novels and sociology-political commentary. He was born in 1935 during the Great Depression.

He also is known for coining the term "Food Race" to describe the human overpopulation crisis of modern times.


Tudor Gunasekara

Ranasinghe Hettiarachchige Tudor Edward Ranasinghe Gunasekara (23 January 1935 – 29 August 2021), known as Tudor Gunasekara (Sinhala: ටියුඩර් ගුණසේකර), was a Sri Lankan politician. He was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He was a member of the United National Party. Gunasekara was a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka from 1977 until 1983.

Gunasekara died on 29 August 2021 in Colombo from COVID-19, aged 86.

Alex Gallacher

Alexander McEachian Gallacher (1 January 1954 – 29 August 2021) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. He was a Senator for South Australia from 2011 until his death in 2021. He was a member of the Australian Labor Party (ALP). Gallacher was born in New Cumnock, Scotland. 

Gallacher was diagnosed with lung cancer in January 2020. He died on 29 August 2021 from the disease, aged 67.


Alioune Badara Cissé

Alioune Badara Cissé (7 February 1958 – 28 August 2021) was a Senegalese politician. He was a member of the Alliance for the Republic (APR). He was Foreign Minister of Senegal from 4 April to 29 October 2012. He was born in Saint-Louis, Senegal.

Badara Cissé died in Dakar, Senegal on 28 August 2021 from COVID-19 at the age of 63.

Siegfried Matthus

Siegfried Matthus (13 April 1934 – 27 August 2021) was a German composer, conductor, and festival founder and manager. He was known for his operas, such as "Judith". In 1991, he founded the chamber opera festival Kammeroper Schloss Rheinsberg and directed it until 2018. In 2005, he composed a Te Deum for the reopening of the Dresden Frauenkirche.

Matthus died in Stolzenhagen, Germany on 27 August 2021 at the age of 87 after a long-illness.

Vivian Caver

Vivian Leona Mead Caver (June 13, 1928 – August 22, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. Caver was the third African-American woman to serve in the Washington House of Representatives. She was a member of the state house from 1994 to 1995. She was a human rights activist. Caver was born in Jackson, Tennessee.

Caver died on August 22, 2021 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 93.

José Carreira Marques

José Carreira Marques (25 August 1943 – 6 August 2021) was a Portuguese politician. He was a member of the Portuguese Communist Party. Marques was born in Amadora, Portugal. He was a member of the Assembly of the Republic from 1976 until 1983. From 1983 until 2005, he was Mayor of Beja.

Marques died on 6 August 2021 of cardiac arrest in Évora, Portugal at the age of 77.

Retard (word)

Retard is considered to be an offensive term for someone with a disability. Initially a medical term, since the 70s, it is used as either an insult disabled people or for someone foolish.

Júlio Chaves

Júlio Chaves (28 December 1944 – 10 August 2021) was a Brazilian voice actor. He was known for voice dubbing many actors in Portuguese such as Rowan Atkinson, Andy Garcia, Mel Gibson, Dustin Hoffman, Jeremy Irons, and Tommy Lee Jones. He was the Brazilian voice of Marlin in the Pixar movies "Finding Nemo" (2003) and its sequel, "Finding Dory" (2016).

Chaves died from COVID-19 in Rio de Janeiro on 10 August 2021, at the age of 76. 

Joe Chasteen

Joe L. Chasteen (June 8, 1925 – August 17, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives as a Republican Party from 1973 until 1977. He was born in Platte County, Wyoming.

Chasteen died on August 17, 2021 in Cheyenne, Wyoming at the age of 96.

Max Willis

Max Frederick Willis, (6 December 1935 – 18 August 2021) was an Australian politician. He was a Liberal member of the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1970 to 1999. He was the president of the council from 1991 until 1998. He was born in Murwillumbah, Australia.

Willis died on 18 August 2021 in Sydney at the age of 85.

Robert D. Springer

Robert Dale Springer (January 17, 1933 – August 19, 2021) was a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force. He was vice commander in chief, Military Airlift Command from 1987 to 1988 and inspector general of the Air Force from 1985 to 1987. He was born in Millheim, Pennsylvania.

Springer died on August 19, 2021 in Palmyra, Pennsylvania at the age of 88.

Millheim, Pennsylvania

Millheim is a borough in Centre County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the State College, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Self-Portrait with a Friend

Self-Portrait with a Friend is a painting by Raphael. It was probably painted between 1518 and 1520. The work is also known as double portrait.The man in the back is probably Raphael. The identity of the sitting person in the front is unknown. Very likely it was one of Raphael's friends. Today, the painting is part of the Louvre, in Paris.

Grapeseed oil

Grapeseed oil (also known as Grape oil or Grape seed oil) is an oil commonly made as a byproduct of making wine. It is made from the fats of grape seeds and is commonly used as a cooking oil with a smoke point of .

Grapeseed oil is commonly made in regions that make a lot of wine, like the Mediterranean Sea.

Grapeseed oil is 10.5% saturated fat, 14.3% monounsaturated fat, and 74.7% polyunsaturated fat, mostly linoleic acid.

Library and Archives Canada

Library and Archives Canada (LAC; ) is the national library and national archives of Canada. It was started in 2004. The job of the libraries is to help people access items that are part of Canada's history. It is the fifth largest library in the world, and has more than 54 million items in its collection. The collection includes many objects, including books, drawings, maps, images, films. It also has more than a petabyte of digital content.

The general public can visit the collection at the main building in Ottawa, Ontario. The libraries also has other buildings that they use to help preserve their collections.

List of Bangladeshi musicians

This is a list of notable Bangladeshi musicians. 


















List of Bangladeshi business people

This is a list of notable Bangladeshi businesspeople.














List of Bangladeshi movies of 1994

This is a list of Bangladeshi movies released in 1994.


Majhya Navryachi Bayko

Majhya Navryachi Bayko (IAST:Mājhyā Navaryācī Bāyakō) "(transl. My Husband's Wife)" was an Indian television serial airing on Zee Marathi and also digitally available on ZEE5. 




The show received highest TVRs of 8.2, 8.3, 8.5, 8.7 and 8.8 in week 52 of 2017, week 2, 39, 14 and 35 of 2018 respectively.

Australasian swamphen

The Australasian swamphen ("Porphyrio melanotus") is a species of swamphen ("Porphyrio") found in eastern Indonesia (the Moluccas, Aru and Kai Islands), Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand. In New Zealand, it is known as the pukeko (from the Māori ). The species used to be thought a subspecies of the purple swamphen.

The Australasian swamphen occurs in mainland Australia, eastern Indonesia, the Moluccas, Aru and Kai Islands, and in Papua New Guinea. It is also found on New Zealand's main islands and in the Chatham and Kermadec Islands. It has a small shield, black upperparts, and a purple throat and breast. "P. p. pelewensis" (Hartlaub & Finsch, 1872) from Palau, looks like "melanotus" but has greener upperparts and is smaller. "P. p. melanopterus" (Bonaparte, 1856) is found from the Lesser Sundas and Moluccas to New Guinea. It is as "melanotus" but smaller, more variable and less blue in the upperparts. "P. p. bellus" (Gould, 1820) from Western Australia is as "melanotus" but has a cerulean blue throat and breast. "P. p. samoensis" (Peale, 1848) occurs from New Guinea to New Caledonia and Samoa, and is as "melanotus" but smaller, with a little brown on the back

End

End, END, Ending, can be:




The End

The End may refer to:













Tujhyat Jeev Rangala

Tujhyat Jeev Rangala is an Indian television series.





The show received highest TVR of 8.5 in week 17 of 2018.

Apple Music

Apple Music is a music streaming service from the American company Apple Inc. that functions like YouTube Music, Spotify, etc.

Chala Hawa Yeu Dya

Chala Hawa Yeu Dya is an Indian television show. It is in the Marathi language. It started on Zee Marathi. The show was started from 18 August 2014. This show stopped from 7 November 2017 and from 8 January 2018. Then, the show again started with the new title Jagbhar Chala Hawa Yeu Dya. This show was stopped second time because of the COVID-19 pandemic on 24 March 2020 and restarted from 13 July 2020.





The series premiered on 14 August 2014 and aired on Zee Marathi from Monday and Tuesday at 9.30 pm by replacing "Fu Bai Fu". The series again premiered from 8 January 2018 by replacing "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi".



María Sefidari

María Sefidari Huici (born 1982, Madrid) is a Wikimedian. She was the chair of the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees until June 3, 2021 and  re-elected to the position in August 2019.

Clay Shirky

Clay Shirky (born 1964) is an American writer and consultant.

Shirky was the first Professor of New Media at Hunter College. He earned a Bachelors of Arts degree from Yale University  in 1986. 


Fansipan

Fansipan is a mountain in Vietnam. It is the highest mountain in Vietnam, with an elevation of 3,147. The mountain is in the province of Lào Cai, in Northwest Vietnam. 

The summit of Fansipan.

The Ask

The Ask is a novel by Sam Lipsyte, published by Macmillan in 2010 ().


Boana almendarizae

Almendariz's tree frog ("Boana almendarizae") is a frog that lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 1950 meters up in the Andes Mountains.

The adult male frog is 34.3 to 44.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 37.8 to 51.9 cm long.

This frog's back is light brown to reddish brown in color, sometimes with dark bands or lines across. It has one larger medium-brown line down each side of its body, and small white and brown spots across its back. Some of the large female frogs have blue on their sides. Males have light blue on their sides. This frog has large eyes.

This species hides during the day and looks for food at night. People find it on plants not more than 1.5 meters above the ground, especially near the edges of bodies of water, such as rivers, flooded places, and small ponds. This frog is sympatric with "Boana calcarata". That means scientists think they had the same ancestor, and they became different frog species even though they lived in the same place.

Rulers of Manipur in Common Era

This page names the people who ruled Manipur in India. These rules sat on the throne of the Kangla during Ancient Manipur, Medieval Manipur and Modern Manipur, in the Common Era.
There are many other ruling dynasties in different parts of Indian than the Imphal Kangla. For example, there are ruling lineages in Moirang province.


Super Mario Party

Super Mario Party is a 2018 party game for the Nintendo Switch. It was released on October 5, 2018.

Tetraethyllead

Tetraethyllead (commonly styled tetraethyl lead), shortened to TEL, is a chemical compound with the formula (CHCH)Pb. They add this into petro-fuel. It is first being mixed with gasoline beginning in the 1920s. This has caused increased vehicle performance and fuel economy. TEL had been identified chemically in the mid-19th century. In recent years, this chemical has been linked to climate change and is highly toxic.

Forte dei Marmi

Forte dei Marmi () is a sea town and "comune" in the province of Lucca, in northern Tuscany (Italy).


San Giuliano Terme

San Giuliano Terme is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany. It is about west of Florence and about northeast of Pisa.


Auterive, Haute-Garonne

Auterive (; ) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.

Majha Hoshil Na

Majha Hoshil Na (transl.- Will You Be Mine?) is an Indian Marathi television drama that aired on Zee Marathi and also digitally available on ZEE5. The story revolves around the Sai, Aditya and his Maternal uncles.

Sai hailing from rich family and Aditya hailing from middle-class family. Sai eventually falls in love with Aditya, a smart and kind man. Overcoming a number of obstacles, their marriage takes place. But the things change after their marriage as Sai has to deal with the family members of Aditya, leading to hilarious situations. Also Aditya is actually owner of Aditya Group of companies and he is still unaware of it and works in same company.





It was premiered on 2 March 2020.

Richard Benjamin

Richard Samuel Benjamin (born May 22, 1938) is an American actor and movie director. He directed "City Heat" (1984), "The Money Pit" (1986) and "Made in America" (1993). He was the lead actor in the short-lived 1978 TV series "Quark" where he played the Captain of a Sanitation Starship as "Adam Quark"

Judy Davis

Judith Davis (born 23 April 1955) is an Australian actress. She is known for appearing in many Woody Allen movies. She has won eight AACTA Awards, three Primetime Emmy Awards, two British Academy Film Awards and two Golden Globe Awards. She was nominated for two Academy Awards.

Pithecopus azureus

Pithecopus azureus is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru.

The adult frog is 31 to 44 mm long from nose to rear end. It has large eyes for its head. It does not have much webbing on its front feet. The skin of its back is bright green, but it can change color to brown during the day. Its belly is almost white. There is a green stripe down each side of its back legs. It sometimes has orange and black stripes on its legs too.

This frog is in danger because human beings change the places it lives into soybean farms and sugar cane farms and by building dams.

Marcel Henry

Marcel Henry (30 October 1926 – 30 August 2021) was a French politician. He was born in Mayotte, France. He was a member of the French Senate from 1977 until 2004. He was one of the founders of the Mahoré People's Movement.

Henry died on 30 August 2021 at the age of 94.

Pithecopus

Pithecopus is a genus of frogs in the family Phyllomedusidae, but some scientists say it is in the subfamily Phyllomedusinae in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in tropical South America east of the Andes, from southern Venezuela to northern Argentina. For a while, scientists said this was another name for "Phyllomedusa", but, in 2016, they changed it to "Phyllomedusa hypochondrialis" group. Its sister group is "Callimedusa".

The name of this genus comes from the Greek "pithekodes", which means "ape-like."

"Pithecopus" frogs are medium-sized frogs measuring about in snout–vent length, which means from nose to rear end. On their feet, Toe I is much longer than toe II, and is opposable to it like a thumb. These frogs do not have vomerine teeth. The tadpoles have a moderately small oral disc on the bottoms of their bodies, near the front.

There are 12 species in this genus:

However, AmphibiaWeb lists only some of these species ("Pithecopus araguaius", "Pithecopus rusticus", and "Pithecopus gonzagai"). It puts the others in "Phyllomedusa".

Ferhan Şensoy

Osman Ferhan Şensoy (26 February 1951 – 31 August 2021) was a Turkish actor, playwright and director. He was born in Çarşamba, Turkey. He was known for his roles in "" (2008), "Pardon" (2005) and "Şans Kapıyı Kırınca" (2004).

Şensoy died from heart failure and respiratory failure on 31 August 2021 in Istanbul at the age of 70.

Kazimieras Motieka

Kazimieras Motieka (November 12, 1929 – August 31, 2021) was a Lithuanian politician and lawyer. In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was born in Vilnius, Lithuania.

Motieka died on August 31, 2021 in Vilnius at the age of 92.

Geronimo (alpaca)

Geronimo (6 February 2013 – 31 August 2021) was a stud alpaca. He lived at Shepherds Close Farm in Wickwar, Gloucestershire, England. After Geronimo tested positive for bovine tuberculosis (bTB), a controversy came about the fate and the British government's policy of euthanising any animal that tested positive for bTB. After a number of court battles, Geronimo was euthanised.

Dimitri Kitsikis

Dimitri Kitsikis (; full Christian name, Dimitrios Kitsikis, 2 June 1935 – 28 August 2021) was a Greek Turkologist and Sinologist. He was a Professor of International Relations and Geopolitics. He also published poetry in French and Greek. Kitsikis was born in Athens, Greece. He was known for talking about the impact of geography in the politics between Greece and Turkey. Some of his best known ideas were Intermediate Region, Eastern Party in Greece and Turkey and Hellenoturkism.

Kitsikis died on 28 August 2021 in Ottawa, Canada at the age of 86.


Jean-Pierre Bastiani

Jean-Pierre Bastiani (6 June 1950 – 27 August 2021) was a French politician. Bastiani was born in Toulouse, France. Bastiani was a member of the National Assembly between 1993 until 1997. Bastiani was Mayor of Auterive between 1989 until 2008 and again from 2014 until 2018.

Bastiani died on 27 August 2021 at the age of 71.

Vasile Belous

Vasilii Belous (27 August 1988 – 31 August 2021) was a Moldovan boxer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where he competed in the Men's welterweight. He did not win any medals at the event. Belous was born in Ocnița, Soviet Union.

Belous died on 31 August 2021 in Călărășeuca, Moldova from a car crash at the age of 33.

Graham Greene (actor)

Graham Greene, CM (born June 22, 1952) is a First Nations Canadian actor. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "Dances with Wolves" (1990). In 2000, he won a Grammy Award. He lived in Hamilton, Ontario, as a young adult.

He also starred in "Thunderheart" (1992), "Maverick" (1994), "Die Hard with a Vengeance" (1995), "The Green Mile" (1999), "Skins" (2002), "Transamerica" (2005), "Casino Jack" (2010), "Winter's Tale" (2014), "The Shack" (2017), "Wind River" (2017) and "Shadow Wolves" (2019).


Chatham oystercatcher

The Chatham oystercatcher or Chatham Island oystercatcher ("Haematopus chathamensis") is a bird in the family Haematopodidae. It lives in only on New Zealand's Chatham Islands.

Its body is smaller and thicker than the variable oystercatcher's, but they both have black and white feathers.

Chatham oystercatchers live in pairs. These pairs will fight other Chatham oystercatchers over good places to look for food and build nests. This bird builds nests on rocky coasts. It likes sheltered coasts the most.

The male and female bird both sit on the eggs. There are 1-3 eggs at a time. Male and female oystercatchers usually stay partners their whole lives, but sometimes they do not.

Chatham oystercatchers use their beaks to dig in the sand for amphipods, polychaete worms, ribbon worms, molluscs, crustaceans, echinoderms, ascidians, and anemones.

In the 1970s there were as few as 50 Chatham oystercatchers alive on Chatham Island (and others on other nearby islands). By 1998, there were about 140. Conservationists tried even harder to save the birds. There were 300 Chatham oystercatchers alive by 2005.

This bird is threatened because human beings change the places it lives. Human beings changed the islands to make farmland, and they put marram grass on the sand dunes, which changes the way the sand flows. The dunes are steeper, so the birds must build nests closer to the water, and sometimes the high tide takes the eggs away. Humans also brought new animals to the islands in the 1800s: cats eat eggs and chicks, and weka eat eggs.

Junior Coffey

Junior Lee Coffey (March 21, 1942 – August 30, 2021) was an American professional football player. He was a running back in the National Football League. He played with the Green Bay Packers, Atlanta Falcons, and New York Giants. His career lasted from 1965 until 1971. He was born in Kyle, Texas.

Coffey died on August 30, 2021 in Auburn, Washington from heart failure at the age of 79.

José María Libório Camino Saracho

José María Libório Camino Saracho (13 November 1931 – 30 August 2021) was a Spanish-Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Bishop of Urusi from 1999 until 2002 and of Presidente Prudente from 2002 until 2008. He was also the Auxiliary Bishop of São Miguel Paulista from 1999 until 2001. Camino Saracho was born in Santurtzi, Spain.

Camino Saracho died on 30 August 2021 in São Paulo, Brazil from problems caused by a stroke, aged 89.

Santurtzi

Santurtzi (; ) is a port town in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, Spain.

Jacques Drouin

Jacques Drouin (; 28 May 1943 – 28 August 2021) was a Canadian animator and director. He was most known for his pinscreen animation. Drouin was born in Mont-Joli, Quebec, Canada. His best known work was "Mindscape/Le paysagiste".

Drouin died on 28 August 2021 at the age of 78.

Léopold K. Fakambi

Léopold Kocou Fakambi (21 October 1942 – 24 August 2021) was a Beninese agronomist, engineer, nutritionist, and academic. He was born in Lomé, Togoland, French West Africa. 

Fakambi became a professor of plant physiology at the University of Benin. He later was founding dean of the Faculty of Agronomic Sciences at the University of Abomey-Calavi. He worked as a visiting professor at Senghor University in Alexandria. 

He co-founded the "Formation Internationale en Nutrition et Sciences Alimentaires" and was Director from 1992 to 2000. He was also a founding member of the Conseil national de l’Alimentation et de la Nutrition in Benin.

Fakambi died on 24 August 2021 at the age of 78.


Only Murders in the Building

Only Murders in the Building is an American comedy streaming television series. It was created by Steve Martin and John Hoffman. The series will have ten episodes and it premiered on Hulu on August 31, 2021. 

"Only Murders in the Building" is about three strangers, played by Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez, who like listening to podcasts about true crime. When a suicide happens in their apartment building, the three people begin to investigate believing that the death was not suicide.

Street Corner (1948 movie)

Street Corner is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Albert H. Kelley and starring Joseph Crehan, Marcia Mae Jones, Jean Fenwick, Johnny Duncan, Don Brodie, Dale Van Sickel.


New Augusta, Mississippi

New Augusta is the county seat of Perry County, Mississippi, United States.

Magnolia, Mississippi

Magnolia is the county seat of Pike County, Mississippi, United States.

Flowood, Mississippi

Flowood is a city in Rankin County, Mississippi, United States.

Richland, Mississippi

Richland is a city in Rankin County, Mississippi, United States.

Forest, Mississippi

Forest is the county seat of Scott County, Mississippi, United States.

Morton, Mississippi

Forest is a city in Scott County, Mississippi, United States.

Rolling Fork, Mississippi

Rolling Fork is the county seat of Sharkey County, Mississippi, United States.

Mendenhall, Mississippi

Mendenhall is the county seat of Simpson County, Mississippi, United States.

Magee, Mississippi

Forest is a city in Simpson County, Mississippi, United States.

Telefe Santa Fe

Telefe Santa Fe (call sign LT 82 TV) is an Argentine broadcast television station on channel 13 owned by Telefe in Santa Fe, Argentina. The channel covers central and northwestern Santa Fe Province. It is operated by Paramount Global through the Telefe Group. 

Currently, part of the channel's programming consists of retransmitting the contents of Channel 11 of Buenos Aires (head of the Telefe chain).



Bloody Roar (series)

List of Bangladeshi film artists

This list of actors from Bangladesh includes performers in film, radio, stage and television. 



Ar Tonelico II: Melody of Metafalica

Ar Tonelico II: Melody of Metafalica, known in Japan as Ar Tonelico 2: Sekai no Hibiku Shōjo-tachi no Metafalica is a role-playing video game, developed by Gust Corporartion for PlayStation 2. It is sequel to the first game predecessor "".

The final sequel called "", released in 2011 for PlayStation 3.

Aggabai Sasubai

Aggabai Sasubai (translation: "Oh Mine Mother-In-Law") is an Indian Marathi-language television show that aired on Zee Marathi from 22 July 2019 to 13 March 2021 in 432 episodes altogether. Directed by Ajay Mayekar and Jayant Pawar, produced by Sunil Bhosle under the production banner of Someel Creations and distributed by Zee Entertainment Enterprises, the show stars an ensemble cast of Girish Oak, Nivedita Joshi Saraf, Ashutosh Patki, Tejashree Pradhan, Ravi Patwardhan and Mohan Joshi and is currently available online on ZEE5.

"Aggabai Sasubai" is the story of Asavari Kulkarni (Nivedita Joshi Saraf), a reclusive, loving, caring and selfless widow, who tragically lost her husband at a young age and single-handedly raised her son, Soham (Ashutosh Patki), in addition with looking after the health of her elderly, authoritative father-in-law, Dattatray (Ravi Patwardhan / Mohan Joshi), also known as Aajoba. She is also often ridiculed and insulted by her jealous neighbour, Pradnya (Sanjeevani Sathe), who is the daughter-in-law of Aajoba's childhood friend, Vidyadhar (Arun Mohre), also known as Karkhanis Kaka, and his wife, Prabha (Rajshri Potdar), also known as Karkhanis Kaku. Asavari leads a simple middle-class life with Soham and Aajoba until Soham gets married to his long-time girlfriend, Shubhra (Tejashree Pradhan). Soham and Shubhra's marriage party is held at the restaurant run by Chef Abhijeet Raje (Girish Oak), an upper-class celebrity chef whose daily cookery show on the TV is Asavari's favourite. When he meets her at his restaurant, Abhijeet falls in love with Asavari and asks her to teach him prepare a certain recipe made from pumpkin. 

Impressed by the dish, Abhijeet sends his restaurant manager, Mandodari Parab (Bhakti Ratnaparkhi), also known as Maddy, to the Kulkarni residence with a cheque for Asavari as royalty payment for the pumpkin recipe. Due to a misunderstanding, Abhijeet's marriage is fixed with Maddy, but Asavari's daughter-in-law, Shubhra, who wishes for her mother-in-law's happiness, meets Abhijeet and brings out the truth that he loves Asavari. Eventually, Abhijeet proposes to Asavari and they decide to get married. However, both Soham and Aajoba disapprove of Asavari getting remarried, and attempt to spoil Abhijeet and Asavari's relationship, with the instigation of Pradnya. What happens next? Do Abhijeet and Asavari get married? Watch out the full show to know how the story unfolds as Soham and Aajoba learn an important lesson from Abhijeet, Asavari and Shubhra.

Nivedita Joshi Saraf, spouse of renowned actor Ashok Saraf, was selected for the role of the female protagonist, Asavari, along with Tejashree Pradhan for Shubhra after her success in the television show "Honaar Sun Mi Hya Gharchi". Girish Oak played the male protagonist, Abhijeet, while Ravi Patwardhan portrayed the character of "Aajoba" (lit. "Grandfather"). Ashutosh Patki, son of renowned music composer Ashok Patki, and Bhakti Ratnaparkhi, spouse of actor Nikhil Ratnaparkhi, portrayed Soham and Maddy, respectively. However, Patwardhan's role was replaced by actor Mohan Joshi from January to March 2021 after the latter's demise on 5 December 2020.
The show premiered on 22 July 2019 from Monday to Saturday at 8:30 p.m. by replacing "Tula Pahate Re", which starred Subodh Bhave and Gayatri Datar in titular roles and was last-aired on 20 July 2019. However, it had to take a break from 27 March 2020 due to COVID-19 lockdown in India. The show was resumed from 13 July 2020, but had to be converted into a reality show for a week from 28 September - 4 October 2020 when Nivedita Joshi Saraf was diagnosed with COVID-19. The show was last-aired on 13 March 2021 after 432 episodes.
All the episodes have been directed by Ajay Mayekar and Jayant Pawar and produced by Sunil Bhosle under the production banner of Someel Creations. The show had completed exactly half of the episodes before the COVID-19 lockdown. 



Due to the success of "Aggabai Sasubai", the makers decided to replace it with a sequel titled "Aggabai Sunbai" from 15 March 2021, which focuses on the life of Shubhra. Girish Oak, Nivedita Joshi Saraf, Mohan Joshi and Bhakti Ratnaparkhi reprised their roles of Abhijeet, Asavari, Aajoba and Maddy, respectively, while Ashutosh Patki and Tejashree Pradhan were replaced by Adwait Dadarkar and Uma Pendharkar for the roles of Soham and Shubhra, respectively. The sequel also starred Anvit Hardikar, Chinmay Udgirkar and Geetanjali Ganage as Soham and Shubhra's 8-year-old son, Shubham, Shubhra's live-in partner, Anurag Desai, and Soham's girlfriend, Susanne, respectively. However, the show ended up having a sudden cancellation after 136 episodes on 21 August 2021 due to low TRPs, and was replaced by "Mazhi Tuzhi Reshimgaath" premiering on 23 August 2021 and starring Shreyas Talpade and Prarthana Behere.
The show received highest TVR of 7.0 in week 28 of 2020.

Clock Tower 3

Clock Tower 3 is a survival horor video gameco-produced by Capcom and Sunsoft for the PlayStation 2. It was released in 2002 in Japan, 2003 in North America and Europe, and 2004 in Australia. It is the fourth installment of "Clock Tower" series.

Tula Pahate Re

Tula Pahate Re (translation: "I Look At You") is an Indian Marathi-language drama television show that was aired on Zee Marathi from 13 August 2018 to 20 July 2019 and completed 298 episodes altogether. Directed by Girish Mohite and Chandrakant Gaikwad, produced by Aparna Ketkar and Atul Ketkar under the banner of Right Click Media Solutions and distributed by Zee Entertainment Enterprises, the show stars an ensemble cast of Subodh Bhave, Gayatri Datar, Shilpa Tulaskar, Abhidnya Bhave, Umesh Jagtap, Vidya Karanjikar, Ashutosh Gokhale, Purniema Dey, Mohiniraj Gatne, Gargi Phule Thatte and Sandesh Jadhav and is currently available online on ZEE5.

All-Star Baseball

All-Star Baseball is a series of American baseball video games developed and published by Acclaim Entertainment.

The first debuted in 1997 called "All-Star Baseball '97 Featuring Frank Thomas", where the succesor of "Frank Thomas Hurt Baseball". New York Yankees play-to-play annoucers John Sterling and Michael Kay were the annoucers for the 1998-2000 editions of the game.

The latest game is "All-Star Baseball 2005", and another game was released, but cancelled after Acclaim Entertainment was ceased operations in 2005.


All Star Baseball

All Star Baseball is one of the best popular baseball board games of the last sixty years, and has been honored as one of fifty most influential American board games of all time. It was manufactured by Cacado-Elis and designed by baseball player by Ethan Allen.

2016 in movies

2016 in film is a overview of events, inducing the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, festivals, a list of films released, and notable deaths. followed by 2017 in movies, 2018 in movies, 2019 in movies, 2020 in movies, 2021 in movies, 2022 in movies, 2023 in movies,

The top ten films released in 2016 by worldwide gross are as follows 

The Man from Colorado

The Man from Colorado is a 1948 American western movie directed by Henry Levin and starring Glenn Ford, William Holden, Ellen Drew, Ray Collins, Edgar Buchanan, Jerome Courtland, James Millican. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Home Minister (TV series)



The show was stopped first time on 1 May 2010 with 1600 episodes. The series again premiered on 14 January 2011 from Monday to Saturday at 6.30 pm by replacing "Sade Made Teen".



Kaun Banega Crorepati

Kaun Banega Crorepati is a Hindi language television show. It is a game show similar to the popular "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?"

The show was hosted by Amitabh Bachchan in seasons 1, 2, and 4 to the present, and Shah Rukh Khan in the third season. It was broadcast by Star Plus for the first 3 seasons and produced by Sony Entertainment Television through 2021. As of 23rd August 2021, it has 13 seasons. The show was originally called "Kaun Banega Lakhpati". The author and creator of the Indian version is Siddharth Basu.

Stung Treng

Stung Treng () is a city in Cambodia. It is the capital of Stung Treng Province in Cambodia. As of 2009, Stung Treng has 29,665 people.

Stung Treng lies on the Sesan River near the Mekong River. 376& kilometers from Phnom Penh and it's 50 kilometers south of the Cambodia-Laos border.

As of 2009, Stung Treng has over 29,665 people.

Excellent Cadaver

Excellent Cadaver is a movie and television production studio established by American actress Jennifer Lawrence.

In 2018, Excellent Cadaver was established by American actress Jennifer Lawrence. Lawrence will produce with her producing partner, Justine Polsky.

In October at this same year, it was announced that the studio had signed a first-look contract with Makeready, who will finance and produce independently with Excellent Cadaver, or through Makeready's finance and production contracts with Universal Pictures and Entertainment One.



A Bill of Divorcement (1932 movie)

A Bill of Divorcement is a 1932 American drama movie directed by George Cukor and is the second adaption of the 1921 play of the same name by Clemence Dane. It stars John Barrymore, Katharine Hepburn (in her movie debut), Billie Burke, David Manners, Paul Cavanagh, Henry Stephenson and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Myitkyina

Myitkyina () is a city in northern Myanmar. It is the capital of the Kachin State of Myanmar. Myitkyina for Burmese is near the big river.

In ancient times, Myitkyina was an important trading city between China and Myanmar. George J. Geis, an American Baptist missionary includinh his wife arrived in Myitkyina in late 1890. In 1900, they requesyed permission to build a mansion in Myitkyina. It is named Geis Memorial Church. Japanese soldiers and military army invaded Myitkyina during World War II in 1942. In August 1944, the city was recaptured by the World War II Allies under Joseph Stilwell, after a heavy fughtine between Nationalist Chinese divisions, the Chindits, and Merrill's Marauders of the Northern Combat Area Command, and the elements of the 33rd Imperial Japanese Army under General Masaki Honda.
Myitkyina lies in the northern Kachin State of Myanmar. The town is in the west bank of the Ayeyarwady River. It is 1,480 kilometers north of Yangon, 785 kilometers from Mandalay, and 818 kilometers from Naypyidaw.
As of 2020, Myitkyina has over 92,543 people, making it the largest city in the northern Kachin State of the country.
Theravada Buddhism is the dominant religion in Myitkyina and all the rest of Myanmar, making it the 2nd largest country where the dominant religion is Buddhism, after Mongolia 
(because Chinese folk religion is the dominant religion in China, Shintoism in Japan, Hinduism in India and Nepal, and there is no religion in South Korea and North Korea).
Chessington World of Adventures

Chessington World of Adventures Resort is a theme park that also has a zoo and hotel. It is located in Chessington, Greater London, England. The resort opened as Chessington Zoo in 1931. The theme park was developed alongside the zoo by The Tussauds Group. The theme park opened on 7 July 1987. The theme park has over 40 rides. It is now owned by Merlin Entertainments, Under Merlin, Chessington become more of a tourist destination.

Phyllomedusa burmeisteri

Burmeister's frog or the common walking leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa burmeisteri") is a frog that lives in eastern Brazil. People have seen it as high as 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests on the Atlantic side of the country. People have seen it sitting on plants near water that does not flow. The female frog leaves her eggs in nests that she makes out of leaves. The leaves are on branches high over the water. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall into the water. Scientists think this frog can live in places that human beings have changed.

Scientists think this frog is in some danger from human beings changing the places where they live to dig useful rocks out of the ground and get wood to build with.

Kachin State

Kachin State (Jingpho: "Wunpawng Mungdan"; ) is a state in Myanmar. It is the northernmost state in the country. The state surrounds Hkakabo Razi, the highest mountain of Myanmar, with an elevation of 5,881 above sea level. This along with Shan State, Sagaing State, and Chin State are the only states in Myanmar with snowfall. This is also the only state in Myanmar with blizzards, and high mountains which are above 5,000 above sea level. The capital of Kachin State is Myitkyina.

Kachin people was based on shifting hill agriculture. After the Sino-Burmese War, the Chinese exercised a degree of control over the present day Kachin State. During the British colonization of Myanmar, the Kachin Hills tribes autonomy was accepted by the government of the United Kingdom. The pre-independence government under Aung San reached the Panglong Aggrement with the Shan, Kachin, and Chin peoples on February 12,1947. Kachin State was formed in the same year out of the former British Burma civil districts of Bhamo and Myitkyina, together with the northern district of Puta-o. The state was officialy announced on 10 January 1948 and Mungdaw Masat Masat Manau for 3 days since January 9 to 11,1962.

Kachin State was bordered by India to the west, and China to the north and east. Most of the hills and all the mountains of Myanmar are in Kachin State. It lies north latitude between 23°27N to 28°25N latitude, 96°0 and 98°44 longhitude. The highest mountain of Myanmar, Hkakabo Razi, was also in the Kachin State.
The economy of Kachin State was agricultural. The main products of it was rice, teak, sucar cane, and opium, the minerals include gold and jade.

As of 2014, Kachin State population is 1,689,441.
The dominant religion of the Kachin State in northern Myanmar is Theravada Buddhism, which is practiced by 64% of the Kachin people, followed by Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Mahayana Buddhism, and Tibetan Buddhism.

Tapta

Tapta (/tap-taa/) is a fictional, imaginary and non-existing character in Meitei folklore of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). It is an amusing as well as scary creature described by a mother's imagination to her child, to stop his cry. Etymologically, "Tapta" is made of two words, "Tap" (sound of water drops falling on the ground) and "Ta" (literally meaning "to fall") in Meitei (Manipuri).

Once there was a child who never stopped crying.
One night, when it was raining heavily, a thief came to steal a horse from the house of the child and a tiger also came to prey on one of the horses from the same place. As the two criminals were silently waiting a right time for their chances in the dark corners of the horse-stable, they heard the mother ("father" in another version) telling her child about many scary creatures, like the elephant, the horse, the lion and the tiger coming, to pacify his crying but it was of no use to the child.
And the non-stop weeping child suddenly remained silent when the mother mentioned the name "Tapta". So, both the thief and the tiger believed that "Tapta" might surely be a dangerous creature. In the darkness, the thief started searching for the horses in the horse-stable. And as he was touching things one by one in the darkness, it coincided that he held the legs of the hiding tiger, thinking it as one of the horses in the stable. And the tiger thought that the person holding him would be none other than the so called "Tapta". And so, the ferocious tiger behaved like an obedient pet animal, fearing of the "Tapta". In the darkness of the stable, the thief prepared reins and saddles on the tiger ("false horse") and drove him away towards the woods. Again in the darkness of the woods, the tiger still believed that the person riding on and driving him was the so called "Tapta". And during the dawn, when there was abundant light, the thief recognised that the creature he had stolen was not a horse but a tiger. So, he tried to escape himself from the driving beast but the tiger never stopped running. 
The thief saw a branch of a tree on the way the tiger was running. And with intelligent and quick steps, he jumped on the branch leaving the tiger alone running. A few moments later, the tiger realised the absence of the "Tapta" (actually, the thief) from his back. So, he thought that "Tapta" might even be able to fly on the air, that was how he was gone from him. So, on his way back to home, the tiger met many other animals, including a bear, an elephant, a fox and even another tiger (variable according to different versions of the story), to whom he narrated all the incidents. All these animals did not trust him and asked him to take them to the spot where the "Tapta" had freed him. On the other hand, the thief hid himself on a "tree hole" ("tree hollow") of the same tree, on whose branch he had jumped on. As the animals led by the tiger came to the spot, the tiger told them that the very spot was nearby the tree with a hole (where the thief was hiding). So, in searching for the "Tapta", they met many unlucky circumstances, leading them to believe in what the tiger had said to be correct. For example, when the bear inserted his small tail to the tree hollow, the thief pulled it inwards with his full strength and let it go off, that the bear fell on the ground. When the elephant inserted his trunk into the tree hollow, the thief hurted it with something (probably with a stick) so hard that the elephant yelled with pain. Finally, all of these animals approached to the lion, His Highness of the forest, and narrated all the incidents. So, the lion decided to check out the matter by Himself. Meanwhile, the thief had escaped and ran away for safety. And as the lion arrived, there was no one at that place. But the other animals still believe that there is a dangerous creature called the "Tapta".


Imre Festetics

Count Imre Festetics de Tolna (17641847) was a landowner and geneticist.

Imre Festetics studued the breeding of sheep. He published some rules of heredity, and was the first to refer to these as "genetic laws of nature" ("Die genetischen Gesatze der Natur"). In so doing he used the term "genetic" for the first time, 80 years before William Bateson did. 


Festetics was hindered by the complex nature of his study traits, which were aspects of wool quality. We now know this is polygenic, that is, controlled by many genes. It does not give clear-cut "Mendelian" ratios. When Gregor Mendel turned his attention to inheritance many of the principles had already been sketched out by Festetics.

Shibari

Shibari is a Japanese type of bondage. Also there is such term as "kinbaku" that means tight binding. Shibari is the art of restricting the mobility of the human body with the help of thin ropes. These thin ropes are known as "asanawa". 

2021 Kabul airlift

Large evacuations of foreign citizens and some Afghan citizens took place during the withdrawal of United States and NATO forces from the War in Afghanistan and the Taliban offensive in Afghanistan in 2021. After the fall of Kabul on 15 August 2021 and the collapse of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.

The Hamid Karzai International Airport remained the only non-Taliban controlled route out of the country, being protected by several thousand NATO troops. 

Some countries had begun smaller evacuation efforts in the months leading up to August 2021.

On 26 August 2021, a suicide bombing happened at the airport killing over 180 people; ISIS-K said that it had the responsibility for the bombing.

The evacuation operations were one of the largest airlifts in history. Between 14 and 25 August, the US evacuated about 82,300 people from the airport.

Thompson Usiyan

Thompson Usiyan (27 April 1956 – 31 August 2021) was a Nigerian professional footballer. He played as a forward. He was a member of the Nigerian Olympic soccer which boycotted the 1976 Olympics. He made many appearances for the Nigeria national team.

Usiyan died on 31 August 2021 at the age of 65.

Roman Malinowski

Roman Malinowski (26 February 1935 – 31 August 2021) was a Polish politician and economist. He was a member of the Sejm between 1976 until 1989. From 1985 until 1989, he was the Marshal of the Sejm. Malinowski was also the Deputy Prime Minister from 1980 until 1985. He was a member of the United People's Party.

Malinowski was born in Białystok, Poland. He died on 31 August 2021 in Warsaw, aged 86.

Léon Aimé

Léon Aimé (9 February 1924 – 31 August 2021) was a French politician. He was born in Longeville-sur-Mer, France. He was a Deputy from 1993 until 1997. He was a member of the Union for French Democracy.

Aimé died on 31 August 2021 at the age of 97.

The Amboy Dukes

The Amboy Dukes were an American rock band formed in 1964 in Chicago, Illinois. It was later based in Detroit, Michigan. They are known for their one hit single "Journey to the Center of the Mind".

The band's name comes from the title of a novel by Irving Shulman. 

Michael Gage (politician)

Michael Gage (May 1, 1945 – August 23, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the California State Assembly for the 8th district from December 6, 1976 to November 30, 1980. Gage was born in Glendale, California.

Gage died on August 23, 2021 in Salem, Oregon from cancer, aged 76.

Stephen Wiesner

Stephen J. Wiesner (1942 – August 12, 2021) was an American-Israeli research physicist, inventor and construction laborer. He discovered many important ideas in quantum information theory, including quantum money (which led to quantum key distribution), quantum multiplexing (the earliest example of oblivious transfer) and superdense coding. He worked at Tel Aviv University.

Wiesner died on August 12, 2021 in Jerusalem.

Leopoldo Serantes

Leopoldo Serantes (March 15, 1962 – September 1, 2021) was a Filipino amateur boxer and soldier. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea in the Light Flyweight (-48 kg) division. He won the bronze medal at the event. Serantes' win was the first time in 24 years that an athlete from the Philippines won an Olympic medal since 1964.

Serantes died on September 1, 2021 at the age of 59 from problems caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

José Gonçalves Heleno

José Gonçalves Heleno (3 November 1927 – 1 September 2021) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Coadjutor Bishop of Governador Valadares from 1976 until 1977. He was also the Bishop pf Governador Valadares from 1977 until 2001. He was born in Cipotânea, Brazil.

Gonçalves Heleno died on 1 September 2021 in Caratinga, Brazil from stroke-related problems at the age of 93. ​

Caratinga

Caratinga is a municipality in eastern Minas Gerais state, Brazil. The population in 2020 was 92,603.

Syed Ali Shah Geelani

Syed Ali Shah Geelani (29 September 1929 – 1 September 2021) was an Indian Kashmiri separatist leader and politician. He was a member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly from 1972 until 1982 and again from 1987 until 1990. Geelani was born in Bandipore, India. He was a member of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference.
Geelani died on 1 September 2021 at a hospital in Srinagar, India ​from pneumonia caused by kidney cancer, aged 91.

Caldor Fire

The Caldor Fire was a wildfire burning in El Dorado County, California. It is about southeast of Placerville. By September 1, 2021, it had burned 204,390 acres with 20% containment.

The Caldor Fire started on August 14, 2021, near Little Mountain, south of Pollock Pines in El Dorado County.

About 1,003 buildings have been destroyed by the fire, mostly in the town of Grizzly Flats. Two people were injured in Grizzly Flats and were airlifted to hospital.

By October 21, 2021, the fires have dissipated. However, the exact cause of the wildfires are still unknown.

Nia DaCosta

Nia DaCosta (born November 8, 1989) is an American director and screenwriter. She was born in New York City. She wrote and directed the crime thriller movie "Little Woods" (2019). She also directed the horror movie "Candyman" (2021).


TIE fighter

The TIE Fighter is a spacecraft seen in the "Star Wars" universe. TIE stands for twin ion engines. The engines are powered by solar panels that provide it with the ability to move and maneuver. These ships have no hyper drive and are short range fighters. Their production was also more cost-effective than other ships.

TIE fighters also come in different varieties such as the TIE interceptor, the TIE bomber, the clawcraft and perhaps others.



Primary production

Primary production is the synthesis of organic compounds from carbon dioxide. It occurs by photosynthesis. Light is its source of energy. It also occurs through chemosynthesis, which uses the oxidation or reduction of inorganic chemical compounds as its source of energy. 

Almost all life on Earth relies directly or indirectly on primary production. The organisms responsible for primary production are known as "primary producers" or autotrophs. They form the base of the food chain. On land, these are mainly plants; in the sea (or lakes) algae do this role. Also, there are shallow water oxygen primary producers like sea grass.

By photosynthesis or chemosynthesis, energy is used to make complex organic molecules from simpler inorganic compounds (such as carbon dioxide (CO) and water (HO). The following are simplified equations of photosynthesis (top) and (one form of) chemosynthesis (bottom):

Adam and Eve (1923 movie)

Adam and Eve () is a 1923 German silent drama movie directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Werner Krauss, Dagny Servaes, Rudolf Forster, Ruth Weyher, Hermann Picha.

Jay McGraw

Jay Phillip McGraw (born September 12, 1979) is an American writer and television producer. He has written books for young people and is president and CEO of Stage 29 Productions. He is the son of Dr. Phil McGraw and is the executive producer of his father's television show "Dr. Phil".

Jay McGraw was born in Wichita County, Texas on September 12, 1979, to Dr. Phil McGraw and his wife Robin.

McGraw is president and CEO of Stage 29 Productions in Los Angeles, a company he started with his father. He is the host of "Renovate My Family", which aired on Fox. He is executive producer of the television series "The Doctors".

McGraw married "Playboy" model Erica Dahm at his parents' home in Beverly Hills on August 12, 2006.


Central Airport (movie)

Central Airport is a 1933 American adventure drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and Alfred E. Green. It stars Richard Barthelmess, Sally Eilers, Tom Brown, Grant Mitchell, Claire McDowell, John Wayne and was distributed by Warner Bros.


Tropical Storm Washi

Tropical Storm Washi was a tropical storm of the 2011 Pacific typhoon season.

On December 11, a disturbance formed and stayed near Chuuk. On December 13, the low pressure area quickly got stronger. On the same day, the JTWC upgraded the low pressure to a tropical depression. They named it "27W". The JMA also upgraded it to a tropical depression. The JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm on December 14. They then downgraded it to a tropical depression early on December 15. The PAGASA called it "Sendong" as it entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility. After passing Palau on December 15, both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm. They named it "Washi". On December 16, Washi made landfall over Surigao del Sur, a province of the Philippines. Several hours later, Washi arrived at the Sulu Sea and regained its strength quickly. Late on December 17, Washi crossed Palawan, and arrived at the South China Sea. On December 19, Washi weakened into a tropical depression and dissipated.

In the Philippines, Washi caused at least 1,268 deaths. 1,079 people are officially listed as missing. Washi affected 102,899 families or 674,472 people in 766 villages in 52 towns and eight cities in 13 provinces. Most of the deaths were in the cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro. Five people were killed in a landslide, but all others died in flash flooding. More than 2,000 have been rescued, according to the Armed Forces of the Philippines. Officials were also investigating reports that an entire village was swept away. The flash flooding happened overnight, following 10 hours of rain. This was made worse by overflowing rivers and tributaries. In some areas, up to 20 centimeters of rain fell in 24 hours. At least 20,000 people were staying in 10 evacuation centers in Cagayan de Oro. Officials said that despite government warning, some people did not evacuate. At least 9,433 houses were destroyed while 18,616 were damaged.

Swarajyarakshak Sambhaji

Swarajyarakshak Sambhaji is an Indian historical drama.

The series premiered on 24 September 2017 from Monday to Saturday at 9 pm by replacing "Kahe Diya Pardes".



Phyllomedusa sauvagii

The painted-belly leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa sauvagii") is a frog that lives in rainforests in Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentina, and Brazil. Scientists think that the chemicals this frog makes in its skin have many uses. People have seen this frog between 0 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 69.0 to 89.2 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 83.4 to 96.6 mm long. It has a short nose for a frog. It has circular teeth in its jaws. Its eyes are gray. Its pupils go up and down and open side to side like a cat's. It has disks on its toes for climbing, but they are small. It does not have webbed feet. Its skin is light brown to bright green in color and wrinkled. Sometimes this frog has white stripes on its belly and jaw.

This frog does not hop. It walks. It has an opposable thumb for holding on to branches and twigs, so it moves through the trees the way a monkey or lemur does.

Because this frog lives in trees instead of on the ground, it can dry out. The frog makes wax in its skin and spreads the wax all over its body with its feet. This makes it harder for water to leave the frog's body through the skin. This way, the frog can sit in the sun to warm up and it will not dry out

Scientists are not sure what this frog eats.

The frogs build nests in trees over bodies of water. The frogs fold leaves into nests. The female lays 200 to more than 800 eggs at a time. The frogs put jelly over the eggs. This stops the eggs from drying out. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall out of the nest into the water.

This frog is not endangered but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings change the places where they live, especially to dig good rocks out of the earth, because of not enough rain, because chemicals used to kill pests kill the frogs too, and because human beings catch them to sell as pets. There are no international laws against having a painted-belly leaf frog as a pet.

This frog makes a chemicals in its skin. The chemicals are toxins, or poisons. When another animal tries to eat the frog, it gets the poison in its mouth. Scientists think humans could use some of these chemicals to kill dangerous microbes. Phylloseptin-1 is one of the chemicals that the frog makes. Scientists studied Phylloseptin-1 and saw it could kill "Staphylococcus aureus" bacteria, even after the bacteria had built a biofilm to protect themselves. Another chemical, Phylloseptin-S, can kill parasites, for example "Leishmania infantum", "Leishmania braziliensis", and "Leishmania major". The chemical Sauvagine is already used in medicine because it works very much like urotensin I, which can help human hearts and help the chemicals in the human body work well.

Mandobass

The Mandobass is an instrument similar to the double bass. It is in related to the mandolin, and like the mandolin (and the lute), it is usually plucked. The most common version has four strings, which are usually tuned to E–A–D–G2. Another version exists, which is tuned to G–D–A–E this is two octaves lower than the mandolin. 

Other instruments in the family are the mandola, the octave mandolin and the mandocello.

These instruments have been in use since the 17th century.

Peridontitis

Periodontitis is a severe gum infection that can lead to tooth loss and other serious health complications. Periodontitis (per-e-o-don-TIE-tis), also called gum disease, is a serious gum infection that damages the soft tissue and, without treatment, can destroy the bone that supports your teeth.

Kali Linux

Kali Linux is a Linux distribution has a main focus on Ethical Hacking. It is Debian-Based.

Anna Cataldi

Anna Margherita Cataldi (14 November 1939 – 1 September 2021) was an Italian humanitarian, journalist, movie producer and author. She was known for producing the Academy Award-winning movie "Out of Africa". She was the Goodwill Ambassador for the World Health Organization and one of the original United Nations Messengers of Peace.

Carol Fran

Carol Fran (October 23, 1933 – September 1, 2021) was an American soul blues singer, pianist, and songwriter. She was best known for her single releases in the 1950s and 1960s.

Fran died on September 1, 2021 in Lafayette, Louisiana from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 87.

Doug Green (Ohio politician)

Doug Green (1954/1955 – September 1, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives for the 66th district from 2013 until 2020. Green was born in Brown County, Ohio.

Green died at the age of 66 from COVID-19 on September 1, 2021 in Mt. Orab, Ohio.

Mount Orab, Ohio

Mount Orab is a village in Brown County, Ohio, United States. The population was 4,347 at the 2020 census.

Norbert Klein (politician)

Norbert Pieter Marie Klein (1 March 1956 – 1 September 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of 50PLUS. He was an MP between 20 September 2012 to 23 March 2017. He was born in Hengelo, Netherlands.

Klein died on 1 September 2021 in Hoevelaken, Netherlands at the age of 65.


Hoevelaken

Hoevelaken is a town in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is a part of the city of Nijkerk, and lies about 5 km east of Amersfoort.

Norberto Mario Oyarbide

Norberto Oyarbide (1 January 1951 – 1 September 2021) was an Argentine politician and lawyer. He was born in Concepción del Uruguay, Argentina. In 1994, he became an Argentine Federal Judge after being nominated by President Carlos Menem. He retired in 2016.

Oyarbide died on 1 September 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 in Buenos Aires, aged 70.

Concepción del Uruguay

Concepción del Uruguay is a city in Argentina. It is located in the Entre Ríos province. It is about 320 kilometers north from Buenos Aires. 80,000 people lived here in 2001.


Juan Rodríguez Vega

Juan Carlos Rodríguez Vega (16 January 1944 – 1 September 2021) was a Chilean footballer. He played as a defender. He made 26 appearances for the Chile national team from 1968 until 1974. Rodríguez Vega was born in Santiago de Chile.

Rodríguez Vega died on 1 September 2021 in Santiago at the age of 77.

Daffney

Shannon Claire Spruill (July 17, 1975 – September 1, 2021) was an American professional wrestler, valet, and actress. She was better known by her ring name Daffney. She was best known for her appearances with World Championship Wrestling between 1999 and 2001 and with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling from 2008 to 2011.

On September 1, 2021, Daffney recorded an Instagram Live video where she said she was going to end her life. She wanted her brain to be donated for CTE testing. She was found dead the next day in Gwinnett County, Georgia with a gunshot wound, aged 46.

Keith McCants

Alvin Keith McCants (April 19, 1968 – September 2, 2021) was a professional American football linebacker and radio broadcaster. He played for six seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Houston Oilers, and the Arizona Cardinals from 1990 to 1995. He was born in Mobile, Alabama.

McCants died in St. Petersburg, Florida on September 2, 2021 from a drug overdose, aged 53.

Josephine Medina

Josephine Rebeta Medina (March 20, 1970 – September 2, 2021) was a Filipino table tennis player. Medina represented the Philippines at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Paralympics. She won a bronze medal at the 2016 event.

Medina died on September 2, 2021 at her home at age 51.

2016 Summer Paralympics

The 2016 Summer Paralympics (), the 15th Summer Paralympic Games, were a major international multi-sport event for athletes with disabilities. It was held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. 

The Games was the first time a Latin American and South American city hosted the event, the second Southern Hemisphere city and nation, the first one being the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney. These Games saw the introduction of two new sports to the Paralympic program: canoeing and the paratriathlon.

Ataullah Mengal

Ataullah Mengal (), popularly known as Sardar Ataullah Mengal, (24 March 1929 – 2 September 2021) was a Pakistani politician. He was the head of the Mengal tribe. He was also the first Chief Minister of Balochistan during Zulfikar Ali Bhutto's premiership from 1 May 1972 to 13 February 1973. 

In 2009, Sardar Ataullah Khan Mengal was one of many candidates considered for the position of President of Pakistan after the resignation of Pervez Musharraf.

Mengal died in Karachi, Sindh on 2 September 2021 from cardiac arrest at the age of 92. He was suffering from cardiovascular disease.

Chandan Mitra

Chandan Mitra (; 12 December 1955 – 2 September 2021) was an Indian journalist and editor. He was the managing director of "The Pioneer" newspaper in Delhi. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha during August 2003 to August 2009. He was elected to another term in the Rajya Sabha, as a Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Madhya Pradesh, in June 2010.

Mitra died on 2 September 2021 in New Delhi at the age of 65.

Sidharth Shukla

Sidharth Shukla (12 December 1980 – 2 September 2021) was an Indian actor, host and model. He was known for his roles in "Broken But Beautiful 3", "Balika Vadhu" and "Dil Se Dil Tak". He was also known for winning the reality shows "Bigg Boss" and "". He was born in Mumbai, Maharashtra.

Shukla died on 2 September 2021 of a heart attack in Mumbai, Maharashtra at the age of 40.


Hashibur Rahman Swapon

Hashibur Rahman Swapon (16 May 1954 – 2 September 2021) was a Pakistani-born Bangladeshi politician. He was born in Islamabad, Pakistan. He was a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party. Swapon was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad from 1996 until 1998 and again from 2014 until his death.

Swapon died on 2 September 2021 in Istanbul, Turkey from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 67.

Ken Rosewall

Kenneth Robert Rosewall (born 2 November 1934) is an Australian former world top-ranking amateur and professional tennis player. He won a record 23 tennis Majors, including 8 Grand Slam singles titles and, before the Open Era and a record 15 Pro Slam titles.

Satch Sanders

Thomas Ernest "Satch" Sanders (born November 8, 1938) is an American former professional basketball player and coach. He played his entire professional career as a power forward for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

Sanders won eight championships. After his playing retirement, he was a head coach for the Harvard Crimson men's basketball team and the Boston Celtics.

Sanders was added into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame in 2011.

Richard Serra

Richard Serra (born November 2, 1938) is an American artist.

He had his first solo exhibitions at the Galleria La Salita, Rome, 1966, and in the United States at the Leo Castelli Warehouse, New York. The Pasadena Art Museum organized a solo exhibition of Serra's work in 1970. 

Serra been part of Documentas 5 (1972), 6 (1977), 7 (1982), and 8 (1987), in Kassel, the Venice Biennales of 1984 and 2001, and the Whitney Museum of American Art's Annual and Biennial exhibitions of 1968, 1970, 1973, 1977, 1979, 1981, and 1995. 

In 2005 eight major works by Serra were added permanently at Guggenheim Museum Bilbao.

Kenny Moore

Kenneth Clark Moore (December 1, 1943 – May 4, 2022) was an American athlete and journalist. Moore was a two time Olympian. He ran both the 1968 Mexico City and 1972 Munich Olympic marathon, finishing fourth in 1972.

Moore died on May 4, 2022, in Kailua, Hawaii at the age of 78.

Cliff Hagan

Clifford Oldham Hagan (born December 9, 1931) is an American former professional basketball player. He played his entire 10-year NBA career (1956–1966) with the St. Louis Hawks. He was also a player-coach for the Dallas Chaparrals in the first two-plus years of the American Basketball Association's existence (1967–1970). He was born in Owensboro, Kentucky.

Arthur Scargill

Arthur Scargill (born 11 January 1938) is a British trade unionist. He was President of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) from 1982 to 2002. He is best known for leading the 1984–1985 miners' strike.

Cesare Maniago

Cesare Maniago (born January 13, 1939) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. Maniago played the majority of his National Hockey League (NHL) career for the Minnesota North Stars.

Bobby Goldsboro

Robert Charles Goldsboro (born January 18, 1941) is an American pop and country singer-songwriter. He is known for his singles "Honey" and the UK top-10 single "Summer (The First Time)".


Nick Holonyak

Nick Holonyak Jr. (November 3, 1928 – September 18, 2022) was an American engineer and educator. He is known for his 1962 invention of a light-emitting diode (LED). He was a John Bardeen Endowed Chair Emeritus in Electrical and Computer Engineering and Physics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Holonyak died on September 18, 2022 in Urbana, Illinois at the age of 93.

Max Morath

Max Edward Morath (October 1, 1926 – June 19, 2023) was an American ragtime pianist, composer, actor, and author. He was best known for his piano playing and is known as "Mr. Ragtime".

Morath died in Duluth, Minnesota, on June 19, 2023, at the age of 96.


Carl Erskine

Carl Daniel Erskine (born December 13, 1926) is a former right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played his entire career for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers from 1948 through 1959.


George Wein

George Wein (October 3, 1925 – September 13, 2021) was an American jazz promoter, pianist, and producer. He was the founder of the Newport Jazz Festival. He also co-founded the Newport Folk Festival with Peter Seeger and Theodore Bikel. He also founded the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival.

Wein died on September 13, 2021 at his home in New York City at the age of 95.


William P. Murphy Jr.

William P. Murphy Jr. (born November 11, 1923) is an American medical doctor. He is known for being the inventor of medical devices including a flexible sealed blood bag used for blood transfusions. 

He is the son of the American physician William Parry Murphy who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1934. 

Louis Danziger

Louis "Lou" Danziger (born November 17, 1923) is an American graphic designer and design educator. He is known for his modern movement in graphic design. 

In 1998, Danziger was awarded the AIGA Gold Medal for “standards of excellence over a lifetime of work.”

Rudolph Pariser

Rudolph Pariser (born December 8, 1923) is a physical and polymer chemist. He was born in Harbin, China. Pariser is best known for his work with Robert G. Parr on the method of molecular orbital computation.

Dave Bolen

David Benjamin Bolen (December 23, 1923 - December 10, 2022) is an American Olympic track and field athlete, politician and businessman. Bolen was born in Heflin, Louisiana. He was an Ambassador to Botswana, Swaziland, Lesotho and East Germany. His diplomatic career lasted from 1974 until 1980 during the Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter presidencies. 

Earl P. Yates

Earl Preston "Buddy" Yates (born December 23, 1923) is an American rear admiral for the United States Navy. Yates was the youngest male graduate ever from the academy. He was a former commander of Fleet Air Wing 4. He was also the first commander of the USS "John F. Kennedy" (CV-67). He was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.

The Doctor's Dilemma (movie)

The Doctor's Dilemma is a 1958 British drama movie directed by Anthony Asquith and was based on the 1906 play of the same name by George Bernard Shaw. It stars Leslie Caron, Dirk Bograde, Robert Morley, Alastair Sim, Felix Aylmer, Michael Gwynn, Alec McCowen, Colin Gordon and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Justin Chatwin

Justin Chatwin (born October 31, 1982) is a Canadian actor. He is known for his roles in "The Invisible" (2007), as well playing Goku in "Dragonball Evolution" (2009).

Ryan Newman (actress)

Ryan Whitney Newman (born April 24, 1998), also known as Ryan Whitney, is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Ginger Falcone in Disney XD's "Zeke and Luther", Allison in "The Thundermans", Cindy Collins in "Zoom" and Emily Hobbs in "See Dad Run".

Nick Searcy

Nicholas Alan Searcy (born March 7, 1959) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Chief Deputy United States Marshal Art Mullen on FX's "Justified". He also was in "From the Earth to the Moon" playing Deke Slayton.

Cullowhee, North Carolina

Cullowhee is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. It is located on the Tuckasegee River. 7,682 people lived here as of the 2020 census. 

Bryson City, North Carolina

Bryson City is a town in Swain County, North Carolina in the United States. The population was 1,558 as of the 2020 Census. It is the county seat of Swain County.

Sylva, North Carolina

Sylva is an incorporated town located in central Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a total population of 2,578. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

Webster, North Carolina

Webster is a town in Jackson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 372.

Argentinian Mastiff

The Argentinian Mastiff or Dogo Argentino is a large mastiff or hunting dog breed that comes from the Cordoba Fighting Dog.

This dog is also banned in the USA. This dog is crossed several mastiff breeds, bull-type terrier breeds, and bulldog breeds to the Cordoba Fighting Dog.

Fila Brasileiro

Brazilian Mastiff is a large mastiff-type dog that descends by crossing the Roman Mastiffs with the Bloodhound to develop this dog breed.

Trivia: This dog was also known in Brazil as Fila Brasileiro. Brazilian Mastiff is not a hound-type dog is a mastiff dog breed looks like a bloodhound than a mastiff.

Pyrenean Mastiff

Pyrenean Mastiff is a mastiff or livestock guardian-type dog that descends from the Great Pyrenees and the Spanish Mastiff.

Trivia: This dog is very fluffy. This dog does not descend from Newfoundland instead it descends from the Great Pyrenees and the Mastin Espanol (AKA Spanish Mastiff).

Spanish Mastiff

Spanish Mastiff is a mastiff-type dog originating in Spain. This dog is the progenitor of the Mastiffs.

Trivia: This dog is not a dog that descends from the Bulldogs this dog descends from the mastiffs. This dog is the largest livestock guardian dog.

American Bulldog

The American Bulldog is a large breed of dog. It comes from the Old English Bulldog. They are now used on animal farms, in dog sports, and for showing. They are part of American culture and history. They are shown as strong and tough. In November 2019, the American Bulldog was added to the American Kennel Club (AKC) Foundation Stock Service (FSS).

Milpitas Unified School District

Milpitas Unified School District is a public school district in Milpitas, California. The district has over 10,000 students from Preschool through Grade 12. The current superintendent is Cheryl Jordan.
During the 19th century, children living in Milpitas went to three schools: Air Point School, The Calaveras School, and another school which is now the Presbyterian Church. From 1912 to 1956, Milpitas children went to the Milpitas Grammar School (now the Milpitas Public Library). Starting in 1956, schools in Milpitas opened, so children started going to those schools.

Milpitas Unified School District has over 18 programs: 2 child development centers, 10 elementary schools, 2 middle schools, 1 high school, 1 alternative high school, 1 adult school, and a San Jose City College extension campus.

Child Development Centers:
Elementary Schools (TK-6):
Middle Schools (7-8):
High Schools (9-12):
Adult Schools:
Former Schools:


Destroyer (1943 movie)

Destroyer is a 1943 American World War II adventure movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Edward G. Robinson, Glenn Ford, Marguerite Chapman, Edgar Buchanan, Leo Gorcey, Regis Toomey, Edward Brophy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Dennis Frederiksen

Dennis Hardy Frederiksen (May 15, 1951 – January 18, 2014) was an American rock singer. He was best known as the former lead singer of Trillion, Angel, LeRoux and Toto.

Frederiksen died from liver cancer on January 18, 2014 at his home in Mound, Minnesota at the age of 62.

Julie Ditty

Julie Ditty Qualls (January 4, 1979 – August 31, 2021) was an American professional tennis player. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia. In 2007, she was drafted by the Boston Lobsters of the WTT pro league. 

In 2008, Ditty qualified for the Open Gaz de France tournament in Paris where she lost to the No. 6 seed and former world No. 1, Amélie Mauresmo. Ditty was named to the United States Fed Cup team for their match in February against Argentina.

Ditty died on August 31, 2021, at the age of 42 from cancer in Ashland, Kentucky.

Aferim!

Aferim! ("") is a 2015 Romanian Czech Bulgarian French western drama movie directed by Radu Jude and starring Victor Rebengiuc, Luminița Gheorghiu, Șerban Pavlu, Gabriel Spahiu, Teodor Corban.

Cahill U.S. Marshal

Cahill U.S. Marshal is a 1973 American western movie directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and starring George Kennedy, John Wayne, Gary Grimes, Neville Brand, Marie Windsor, Morgan Paull, Dan Vadis, Jackie Coogan, Harry Carey Jr.. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Louise Sauvage

Alix Louise Sauvage, OAM is an Australian Paralympic wheelchair racer and leading coach. Sauvage is often regarded as the most renowned disabled sportswoman in Australia. She won nine gold and four silver medals at four Paralympic Games and eleven gold and two silver medals at three IPC Athletics World Championships. Louise Sauvage has a catamaran (a racing craft) named in her honour.

2021 Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election

The 2021 Liberal Democratic Party leadership election was held on 29 September 2021 to elect the next President of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan. The winner of the election is expected to lead the party in the upcoming 2021 Japanese general election. Current party President and Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga announced on September 3 that he would not run for re-election. Former Minister of Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida was elected party leader and became Prime Minister on 4 October.

Sanae Takaichi

On 26 August 2021, Takaichi announced her candidacy for the Liberal Democratic leadership in the 2021 election. She lost the election to former Foreign Affairs Minister Fumio Kishida on 29 September.

2021 Auckland Countdown stabbing

On 3 September 2021 at 14:40 NZST, six people were stabbed at the LynnMall Countdown supermarket in New Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand. The attacker was being followed by police. They shot him and he was pronounced dead at the scene. 

The incident is being treated as terrorism and is "ISIS-inspired".

Radio Caroline

Radio Caroline is a British radio station founded in 1964 by Ronan O'Rahilly and George Drummond. It was made to compete against the BBC's radio broadcasting monopoly. It was a pirate radio station that never became illegal as such because of operating outside any national jurisdiction.

Silvereye

The silvereye or wax-eye ("Zosterops lateralis") is a very small omnivorous passerine bird of the south-west Pacific. In Australia and New Zealand its common name is sometimes white-eye, but this name is more commonly used to talk about all members of the genus "Zosterops", or the entire family Zosteropidae.

In New Zealand, the silvereye was first recorded in 1832. It many more were seen in 1856, and it is assumed that a migrating flock was thrown eastwards by a storm. As a self-introduced bird it is protected as a native New Zealand species. Its Māori name, , means "stranger" or more literally, "new arrival".

2021 Norwegian parliamentary election

The 2021 Norwegian parliamentary election was held on 13 September 2021. All 169 seats in the Norwegian legislature, the Storting, were up for election.

Late at night on 13 September, incumbent Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg lost the most seats, and accepted her defeat. Her party ended up with the second-largest number of representatives. Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party won the most seats and is set to become prime minister.

The following is the number of district seats for each party, with the party winning the most votes coloured in. The party earning the leveling seat in each district is marked by (*).

Alexandria Again and Forever

Alexandria Again and Forever (, translit. Iskandria Kaman wa Kaman, ) is a 1989 Egyptian French comedy movie directed by Youssef Chahine (who also stars) and is the last movie in the trilogy of movies directed by Youssef Chahine. It also stars Yousra, Maher Salim, Hesham Selim, Huda Sultan.

2021 Icelandic parliamentary election

The 2021 Icelandic parliamentary election elected members of the Althing was held on 25 September 2021.

D = Independence Party, V = Left-Green Movement, S = Social Democratic Alliance, M = Centre Party, B = Progressive Party, P = Pirate Party, F = People's Party, C = Reform Party, J = Socialist Party.

Basij

The Basij (, lit. "The Mobilization"), Niru-ye Moghāvemat-e Basij (, "Mobilisation Resistance Force"), full name Sāzmān-e Basij-e Mostaz'afin (, "The Organization for Mobilization of the Oppressed"), is one of the five forces of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). 

Hassan Firouzabadi

Sayyid Hassan Aghaee Firouzabadi (; 3 February 1951 – 3 September 2021) was an Iranian ophthalmologist, military officer and a member of the Expediency Discernment Council.

He was the Chief-of-Staff of the Iranian Armed Forces from 1989 to 2016. He was a senior military advisor to the Supreme Leader of Iran.

Firouzabadi died on 3 September 2021 at age 70 in Tehran.

Executive Office of the President of the United States

The Executive Office of the President (EOP) is made up of the offices and agencies that support the work of the President of the United States at the center of executive branch of the United States federal government The EOP consists of several offices and agencies, such as White house office (the staff working directly for & reporting to the president, including west wang staff) the National Security Council and the Office of Management and Budget.

John C. Inglis

John Chris Inglis (born October 29, 1954), also known as Chris Inglis, is an American government official. He was the 1st National Cyber Director from 2021 to 2023. Inglis is also a former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency. 

On April 12, 2021 President Joe Biden nominated Inglis to be the 1st National Cyber Director. His nomination was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote on June 17, 2021. He was sworn into office on July 11, 2021. He left office on February 15, 2023.


Coastal California

Coastal California, also known as the California coastline, Golden Coast refers to parts of California near the ocean.

Coastal California includes the North Coast, San Francisco Bay Area (including Silicon Valley), Central Coast, and South Coast. The coastline is slowly eroding because of natural processes and it may be happening faster because of climate change. In the last 100 years, the water level has gone to less than 6 in (150 mm) along the coast of California. In the next 100 years, the water is expected to go from less than 6 in (150 mm) to 9 ft (2.7 m), which is a danger to the many houses at the coast.

The counties that are part of coastal California are:





François-Philippe Champagne

François-Philippe Champagne (born June 25, 1970) is a Canadian politician. He became the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry in 2021. Champagne was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2019 until 2021. He is a member of the Liberal Party. 

Marc Garneau

Joseph Jean-Pierre Marc Garneau (born February 23, 1949) is a Canadian politician and former astronaut. In 2021, he became Minister of Foreign Affairs. He is a member of the Liberal Party. Garneau is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Notre-Dame-de-Grâce—Westmount. 

On October 5, 1984, he became the first Canadian in outer space as part of STS-41-G and won two Space Shuttle missions—STS-77 and STS-97. 

Mohamed al-Menfi

Mohamed Yunus al-Menfi (; born March 3, 1976) is a Libyan politician. On 5 February 2021, he was chosen to be the president of the Libyan Presidential Council at the Libyan Political Dialogue Forum. He was the Libyan Ambassador to Greece.

Abdul Hamid Dbeibeh

Abdul Hamid Mohammed Dbeibeh (), born February 13, 1958, is a Libyan politician. He is the current Prime Minister of Libya since 2021.

In September 2021, the Parliament votes the motion of censure against the government of Abdel Hamid Dbeibah.

In November 2021, Abdul Hamid Dbeibeh, presented his candidacy for President of Libya in the upcoming election.

Abdul Ati al-Obeidi

Abdul Ati al-Obeidi (; ; 10 October 1939 – 16 September 2023) was a Libyan politician. He worked in the cabinet of Muammar Gaddafi. He was Prime Minister from 1977 to 1979 and General Secretary of General People's Congress from 1979 to 1981. Al-Obeidi made one of his most remarkable contributions as a primary negotiator during Libya’s historic decision to renounce and dismantle its nuclear weapons program.

On 31 August 2011, he was detained west of Tripoli by rebel forces. In June 2013, a court found him not guilty of a charge of mismanagement.

Abdul Ati al-Obeidi died on 16 September 2023 in Tripoli, Libya from a heart attack at the age of 83.

Muhammad az-Zaruq Rajab

Muhammad az-Zaruq Rajab () (born 1940) is a Libyan politician.

Rajab was General Secretary of the General People's Congress from January 7, 1981 to February 15, 1984. From 16 February 1984 to 3 March 1986 he was the Prime Minister of Libya.

Mohammed Ali Salim

Mohammed Ali Salim (born 1935) is a Libyan politician. He was the Acting Chairman of the General National Congress of Libya. He was the oldest member of Libya's first democratically elected legislature until Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf was appointed permanent chair. In 2012, he was the President of the General National Congress of Libya.

Mohammed Magariaf

Mohammed Yousef el-Magariaf (also written as Magariaf, Elmegaryaf or Almegaryaf) or, as he writes on his official website, Dr. Mohamed Yusuf Al Magariaf (; born 1940), is a Libyan politician. He was the President of the General National Congress from its first meeting in August 2012 until his resignation in May 2013. 

13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi

13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi (also known simply as 13 Hours) is a 2016 American biographical war action thriller movie directed and produced by Michael Bay and written by Chuck Hogan. The movie is about six members of Annex Security Team who fought to defend the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya after waves of attacks by militants on September 11, 2012. The movie stars James Badge Dale, John Krasinski, Pablo Schreiber, Max Martini, David Denman and Dominic Fumusa with supporting roles by Toby Stephens, Alexia Barlier and David Costabile.

The movie was released on January 15, 2016, by Paramount Pictures to mixed reviews.

The movie was nominated for an Oscar for Best Sound Mixing.

James Badge Dale

James Badge Dale (born May 1, 1978) is an American actor. He is known for playing Chase Edmunds in "24", Robert Leckie in "The Pacific", State Trooper Barrigan in Martin Scorsese's "The Departed", Eric Savin in "Iron Man 3", and Tyrone S. Woods in "".

Grover Dale

Grover Dale (born Grover Robert Aitken; July 22, 1935) is an American actor, dancer, choreographer, theater director, and publisher. He was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. His career began in 1953 and he retired in 2010.

Dale won a Drama Desk Award in 1969 for his role in "Billy". He was nominated for two Tony Awards in 1970 and 1975.

His first movie role was as Jam in "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" (1964). He also appeared in "Half a Sixpence" (1967), "The Young Girls of Rochefort" (1967), and "The Landlord" (1970).

Dale was in a six-year relationship with actor Anthony Perkins before separating in 1973. The same year, he married actress and dancer Anita Morris. They had a son, actor James Badge Dale. Dale and Morris remained together until her death in 1994.


Aydin Ibrahimov

Aydin Ali oglu Ibrahimov (; September 17, 1938 – September 2, 2021) was a Soviet-born Azerbaijani wrestler. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal. He was born in Kirovabad, Azerbaijan SSR.

Ibrahimov died on September 2, 2021 in Baku, Azerbaijan of COVID-19, two weeks before his 83rd birthday.

Paul Chillan

Paul Chillan (17 December 1935 – 1 September 2021) was a French footballer. He played as a forward in over 200 matches for French Ligue 1 club. He played for Nîmes between 1959 and 1967. He made two appearances for the France national team in 1963. He was born in La Trinité, Martinique.

Chillan died on 1 September 2021 at the age of 85.

La Trinité, Martinique

La Trinité (; Martinican Creole: ) is a town and commune in the French overseas region and department of Martinique.

AC Arlésien

Athlétic Club Arlésien (; commonly known as Arlésien or simply Arles) is a French association football club in Arles. The club was founded in 1912. It was formerly known as Athlétic Club Arles, but in 2010, moved to the nearby commune of Avignon.

Alemayehu Eshete

Alemayehu Eshete (; French pronunciation: Alèmayèhu Eshèté; June 1941 – 2 September 2021) was an Ethiopian jazz singer. His career began in the 1960s. Most of his music was in Amharic. He was nicknamed "the Ethiopian Elvis". Eshete was born in Jimma, Ethiopia. Eshete was popular in Europe with the release of Buda Musique's "Ethiopiques" series of compilations on compact disc.

Eshete died on 2 September 2021 in a hospital in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia from a heart attack caused by heart disease at the age of 80.

The Forgiveness of Blood

The Forgiveness of Blood () is a 2011 Albanian American Italian Danish British drama movie directed by Joshua Marston and starring Refet Abazi, Veton Osmani, Tristan Halilaj, Erjon Mani.

Enrique Molina (actor)

Enrique Molina (1944 – 3 September 2021) was a Cuban actor. He was born in Bauta, Cuba. His career began in 1973. His best known roles were in "The Man from Maisinicu" (1973), "Hello Hemingway" (1990), "Video de Familia" (2001), "Barrio Cuba" (2005) and "El Benny" (2006).

Molina died on 3 September 2021 at a hospital in Havana, Cuba from COVID-19, aged 77.


Britt McHenry

Brittany May "Britt" McHenry (born May 28, 1986) is an American ESPN personality. She is a commentator on Fox Nation, Fox News' 24/7 streaming service. She is the host of a show on WTTG Fox 5 in Washington, D.C. She was born in Mount Holly, New Jersey.

On February 27, 2020, McHenry revealed she was diagnosed with a brain tumor. She had surgery on March 4, 2020.

Rosario Murillo

Rosario María Murillo Zambrana (; born 22 June 1951) is a Nicaraguan politician. She is the vice president and first lady of Nicaragua. She is married to the current president Daniel Ortega. She became vice president of Nicaragua on 10 January 2017. 

Jaime Morales Carazo

Jaime Rene Morales Carazo (born 10 September 1936) is a Nicaraguan politician. He was the Vice President of Nicaragua between January 2007 and January 2012. He was born in Granada, Nicaragua. He was a member of the National Assembly from 2002 until 2007 and again from 2012 until 2017.

National Assembly (Nicaragua)

The National Assembly () is the legislative branch of the government of Nicaragua founded in 1986 to replace the bicameral National Congress of Nicaragua.

Vice President of Nicaragua

The vice president of the Republic of Nicaragua () is the second highest political position in Nicaragua. The Vice President is elected on the same ticket, and at the same time, as the President.


Moises Omar Halleslevens Acevedo

Moisés Omar Halleslevens Acevedo (born 4 September 1949) is a Nicaraguan politician. He was the Vice President of Nicaragua during the third term of President Daniel Ortega from 2012 until 2017.

Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston

Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston (born September 26, 1934) is an American writer. She is best known for her autobiographical novel "Farewell to Manzanar" which talks about her personal experiences in World War II internment camps.

Houston was born in Inglewood, California, on September 26, 1934.

Other works include "Don't Cry, It's Only Thunder" (1984) with Paul G. Hensler as co-author, and "Beyond Manzanar and Other Views of Asian-American Womanhood" (1985).

Benjamin Wallfisch

Benjamin Mark Lasker Wallfisch (born 7 August 1979) is a British composer, conductor, orchestrator, and producer. He is known for creating the film scores for many movies. He has worked on over 75 feature movies. His best known works are "Blade Runner 2049", "Shazam!, It, It Chapter Two, The Invisible Man, Hidden Figures and A Cure For Wellness." 

Takako Shimazu

, born , is a former member of the Imperial House of Japan. She is the fifth and youngest daughter of Emperor Shōwa and Empress Kōjun. She is the youngest sister of the Emperor Emeritus of Japan, Akihito. She gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family in 1960.

Empress Nagako

Nagako (6 March 1903 – 16 June 2000) was a member of the Imperial House of Japan, the wife of Emperor Shōwa (Hirohito) and the mother of Emperor Emeritus Akihito. Her posthumous name is .

Nagako was empress consort (皇后 "kōgō") from 25 December 1926 to 7 January 1989, making her the longest-serving empress consort in Japanese history.

U.S. Interior Highlands

The U.S. Interior Highlands is a mountainous region. It is found in the Central United States. It spans from northern and western Arkansas, southern Missouri, eastern Oklahoma, and extreme southeastern Kansas. The highest place in the U.S. Interior Highlands is Mount Magazine which is 2,753 ft (839 m) high.

There are three different mountain ranges inside the U.S. Interior Highlands:

U-Force

The U-Force is a game controller made by Broderbund for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Two IR panels are used to detect hand movement.

A print advertisement from about 1989 says:
IGN editor Craig Harris said the U-Force is the eighth worst video game controller. MSN editor Duncan Jefferies said it is the second worst peripheral, saying "Second only to the Sega Activator in terms of all-out crappiness, the U-Force also used infrared sensors to create a truly nightmarish controller...'Don’t Touch' said the adverts for the device, in a rare example of an advertising campaign that got it spot on."

Abdus Sattar

Abdus Sattar is a Bangladeshi politician and former Member of Parliament. He was elected from Tangail-1 (Madhupur and Dhanbari) constituency as a Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal candidate in the first Bangladeshi parliamentary election held on 7 March 1973.

In the election, he won against Bangladesh Awami League candidate Mahendra Lal Barman. Sattar won by 5000 votes in that election.

Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal

The Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal (, 'National Socialist Party of Bangladesh', JSD or 'জাসদ', JASAD) is a Bangladeshi political party. The party was founded by Serajul Alam Khan.

Dawn of Chromatica

Dawn of Chromatica is the third remix album by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It was released on September 3, 2021, by Interscope Records. The song features all 13 tracks from the standard version of her sixth studio album, "Chromatica" (2020), in a remixed format.

Credits from iTunes metadata.

Taslima Abed

Taslima Abed was a Bangladeshi feminist and Bangladesh Awami League politician. She was a Member of Parliament and the State Minister of Women and Children Affairs.

Turbotronic

Turbotronic is a joystick made by Camerica in the late 1980s. It can connect to a Nintendo Entertainment System (7 pins) or an Atari joystick port (9 pins), used with multiple Atari and Commodore home computers, game consoles and the Sega Master System.

The Turbotronic and Freedom Stick, a wireless, infrared version only for the Nintendo Entertainment System that came out in 1988, looks like the NES Advantage, released by Nintendo of America in 1987, so Nintendo sued Camerica.

It later became a new product, Supersonic the Joystick. A triangular base for right-handed and left-handed use was added, and suction cups at the bottom to keep it stable.

Freedom Stick and Supersonic the Joystick are some of the first game controllers to use infrared. Brøderbund's U-Force does it with no hands.



2021 International Mathematical Olympiad

The 2021 International Mathematical Olympiad was the 62nd International Mathematical Olympiad held in each participant's country due to COVID-19 pandemic but held in Saint Petersburg, from July 14 to July 24, 2021.

China was the victorious country, and Yi Chuan Wang the overall winner with a perfect score.

At first, the Olympiad was going to be organized in Washington, D.C., United States, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States it was decided to be held in Saint Petersburg, same place as for 2020 International Mathematical Olympiad, but online due to COVID-19 pandemic.

Foot per second squared

The foot per second squared (plural "feet per second squared") is a unit of acceleration. It expresses change in velocity expressed in units of feet per second (ft/s) divided by time in seconds (s) (or the distance in feet (ft) traveled or displaced, divided by the time in seconds (s) squared). The corresponding unit in the International System of Units (SI) is the metre per second squared.

Abbreviations include ft/s, ft/sec, ft/s/s, ft/sec/sec, and ft s.

Moonlet

A moonlet, minor moon, minor natural satellite, or minor satellite is a small natural satellite orbiting a planet, dwarf planet, or other minor planet.

List of adjectivals and demonyms of astronomical bodies

The adjectival forms of the names of astronomical bodies are not always easily predictable. Attested adjectival forms of the larger bodies are listed below, along with the two small Martian moons; in some cases they are accompanied by their demonymic equivalents, which denote hypothetical inhabitants of these bodies.

Derivative forms of constellations are used primarily for meteor showers. The genitive forms of the constellations are used to name stars. (See List of constellations.) Other adjectival forms are less common.


Agrana

The Agrana Group is a food company based in Vienna, Austria. Company produce sugar, starch, fruit preparation and juice concentrate.

Agrana have production bases in Australia, Austria, Argentina, Brasil, China, France, Germany, Hungary, Korea, Morocco, Mexico, Poland, Romania, South Africa, Ukraine, United States.

Agrana was founded in 1988.

In 1990, Agrana extended activity to Hungary.

Company listed in Vienna Stock Exchange since 1991.

From 2003 to 2005, Agrana acquired several companies: Steirerobst, Vallosaft, Wink, Atys.

As of 2012, Agrana operated 9 sugar plants, 5 starch plants and 37 processing sites for fruits throughout central Europe.

In 2021, Agrana was named No.6 modified starch company in the world.

The Astrophysical Journal

The Astrophysical Journal, often abbreviated ApJ (pronounced "ap jay") in references and speech, is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of astrophysics and astronomy, started in 1895 by American astronomers George Ellery Hale and James Edward Keeler. 

Synodic day

A synodic day (or synodic rotation period or solar day) is the period for a celestial object to rotate once in relation to the star it is orbiting, and is the basis of solar time.

Semantic Scholar

Semantic Scholar is an artificial-intelligence backed search engine for academic publications developed at the Allen Institute for AI and publicly released in November 2015. 

Bibcode

The bibcode (also known as the refcode) is a compact identifier used by several astronomical data systems to uniquely specify literature references.

Phyllomedusa tarsius

The brown-belly leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa tarsius") is a frog that lives in Guyana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, and Brazil. People have seen this frog as high as 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is to long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 110 mm long. Their skin is green on the back and some of their toes are brown and white. They have white and orange bellies, white chests, and white throats. Their eyes are orange, red, and black mixed together.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in trees. Male frogs sit on tall plants near ponds and sing for females. The females lay 200-500 eggs at a time in nests. The nest is built out of leaves in trees hanging over the pond. The female puts jelly on the eggs so they don't dry out. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall out of the nest into the water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out, even though human beings cut down its forests and allow cows to eat grass where the forest used to be. But the frog lives in such a large place and is so good at living in places that humans have changed that there are many alive now.

Mithridates VI Eupator

Mithridates VI Eupator (135–63 BC) (Greek: Μιθραδάτης) was king of Pontus during the Mithridatic dynasty. The Hellenistic kingdom was based in ancient Anatolia. He is known as Mithridates the Great or Mithridates the Poison king.

He reigned from 120 BC to 63 BC.

Cousins for Life

Cousins for Life is an American comedy television series created by Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert that aired on Nickelodeon from November 24, 2018 to June 8, 2019. The series stars Scarlet Spencer, Dallas Dupree Young, Micah Abbey, Ron G, and Ishmel Sahid.
Michel Corboz

Michel Corboz (14 February 1934 – 2 September 2021) was a Swiss conductor. He was born in Marsens, Switzerland. In 1961, he founded the Ensemble Vocal de Lausanne. He also worked at the Gulbenkian Choir of Lisbon and taught at the Conservatoire de Musique de Genève.

Corboz died on 2 September 2021, aged 87.

David Patten

David Patten (August 19, 1974 – September 2, 2021) was an American football wide receiver. Starting in 1997, he played in the National Football League (NFL). He competed for 12 seasons through 2008. He played for the Washington Redskins, New Orleans Saints, Cleveland Browns and New England Patriots. Patten was born in Hopkins, South Carolina.

Patten was killed in a motorcycle crash on September 2, 2021 in Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 47.

West Coast Railways

West Coast Railways (WCR) is a private charter service that starts from the Penzance area to the London area.

Muhammad Saeed al-Hakim

Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Muhammad-Saeed al-Tabataba'i al-Hakim (; February 1, 1936 – September 3, 2021) was a senior Iraqi Shi'a marja. He was one of the Big Four Grand Ayatollahs of the Hawza of Najaf. He was one of the most senior Shia clerics in Iraq after Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani. He was born in Najaf, Iraq.

In 2003, Saeed al-Hakim was targeted in an attempted assassination, when his house in Najaf was bombed.

Saeed al-Hakim died on September 3, 2021 in Najaf from a heart attack at the age of 85.

Sérgio Mamberti

Sérgio Duarte Mamberti (22 April 1939 – 3 September 2021) was a Brazilian actor, director, producer, writer, playwright, and politician. He was born in Santos, São Paulo. An actor, he was known for his roles in "O Baiano Fantasma", "The Lady from the Shanghai Cinema" and in "Castelo Rá-Tim-Bum".

Mamberti was a member of the Workers' Party. He worked during the governments of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff.

Mamberti died on 3 September 2021 in São Paulo from multiple organ failure, aged 82.

Tim McCarver

James Timothy McCarver (October 16, 1941 – February 16, 2023) was an American sportscaster and professional baseball catcher. McCarver played for the St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Phillies, Montreal Expos, and Boston Red Sox between 1959 and 1980.

McCarver died of heart failure in Memphis, Tennessee on February 16, 2023, exactly four months after his 81st birthday.

Donna McKechnie

Donna McKechnie (born November 16, 1940) is an American musical theater dancer, singer, actress, and choreographer. She won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her role as Cassie in the musical "A Chorus Line" in 1976. She is also known for playing Amanda Harris/Olivia Corey on the Gothic soap opera, "Dark Shadows" from 1969 to 1970.

Paul Cameron

Paul Drummond Cameron (born November 9, 1939) is an American psychologist. Cameron is known for being an anti-gay extremist. He worked at ​the University of Nebraska.

Robert Foxworth

Robert Heath Foxworth (born November 1, 1941) is an American actor. He was born in Houston, Texas. His career began in 1969. Foxworth is best known for his roles on "Falcon Crest", "Six Feet Under" and "The Questor Tapes".

He was offered the role of J. R. Ewing in "Dallas", but turned it down. He also voiced Ratchet in the "Transformers" movies.

Foxworth studied at Carnegie Mellon University. He ​was married to actress Elizabeth Montgomery 1993 until her death.

Shinjirō Koizumi

In January 2020, Koizumi received international news attention when he announced his plans to take two weeks of paternity leave when his first child was born.

Hoensbroek

Hoensbroek () is a Dutch town in the municipality of Heerlen. Hoensbroek has been part of Heerlen since 1982.

Albert B. Lewis

Albert Benjamin Lewis (October 16, 1925 – August 7, 2021) was an American lawyer, accountant and politician. Lewis was a Democratic member of the New York State Senate from 1967 to 1978. He was also the State Superintendent of Insurance from 1978 until 1983. He was born in New York City.

Lewis died on August 7, 2021 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease in New York City at the age of 95.

Fair Oaks, California

Fair Oaks is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States. It is part of the Sacramento–Arden-Arcade–Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 32,514 at the 2020 census.

Phyllomedusa venusta

The lovely leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa venusta") is a frog that lives in Venezuela, Colombia, and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 1400 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees and peoplehave seen it on plants in forest with water in the air. It has been found in places that human beings have changed. This frog lays eggs in swamps and ponds. This frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Variable oystercatcher

The variable oystercatcher, black oystercatcher, tōrea pango, or tōrea tai ("Haematopus unicolor") is a bird in the family Haematopodidae. It lives in New Zealand.

This bird has a long orange bill and thick pink legs. Female birds have longer bills than male birds. Its eyes are red with an orange circle.

This bird does not have subspecies, but it can come in different shades of black and white and gray. Sometimes people see young variable oystercatchers and think they are South Island pied oystercatchers, but adult variable oystercatchers are too big.

Variable oystercatchers eat molluscs, worms, and crustaceans, but they like two-shelled molluscs the most. They can put their bill inside the crack between the two shells and then twist until it opens. Sometimes red-billed gulls take the variable oystercatcher's food.

Variable oystercatchers sometimes choose one partner for their whole life. Sometimes a pair will stay in the same place where they build nests all year, and sometimes they will fly with flocks for part of the year. Both the male and female variable oystercatcher sit on the egg. The egg takes 28 days to hatch. The chick can fly after 6-7 weeks.

Human beings killed this oystercatcher for food. Its population was lowest in about 1922, when people decided to stop hunting the bird. There were 2000 birds alive in the 1970s, 4000 in the 1990s and probably 5000 to 6000 alive today.

New Zealand does not have laws protecting the variable oystercatcher. However, variable oystercatchers build nests in the same places as the fairy terns and New Zealand dotterels, which are protected.

The Harder They Fall

The Harder They Fall is a 1956 American crime drama movie directed by Mark Robson and was based on the 1947 novel by Budd Schulberg. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Rod Steiger, Jan Sterling, Mike Lane, Edward Andrews, Jack Albertson, Nehemiah Persoff, Harold J. Stone and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1957.


Undertow (1949 movie)

Undertow is a 1949 American crime thriller movie directed by William Castle and starring Scott Brady, John Russell, Dorothy Hart, Peggy Dow, Bruce Bennett, Rock Hudson. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Just Before Dawn (1946 movie)

Just Before Dawn is a 1946 American crime mystery movie directed by William Castle and is the sixth movie in the Crime Doctor series. It stars Warner Baxter, Adele Roberts, Mona Barrie, Charles D. Brown, Robert Barrat, Martin Kosleck and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Perodua Kancil

The Perodua Kancil (also known as the Perodua Nippa in the United Kingdom, and Daihatsu Ceria in Indonesia) is a city car manufactured by Malaysian automobile manufacturer Perodua from August 1994 to 2009. The Kancil is a rebadged third generation Daihatsu Mira.

Phyllomedusa camba

The black-eyed monkey frog ("Phyllomedusa camba") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, and Brazil. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 280 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is to long from nose to rear end. It has disks on its toes for climbing. This frog is green with yellow marks around its eyes. It has pink-white spots on its sides and white spots on the insides of its legs. Parts of its legs and middle are purple.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. The frogs live in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that are growing back. When it is time to lay eggs, the frogs leave the forest and go to a swamp if they can. The female frog makes a nest out of foam on a leaf. When the eggs hatch, they fall into the water below.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because, they think, it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

The scientific name of this frog, "camba," comes from the indigenous people who live in Bolivia.

Henriette Valium

Patrick Henley (May 4, 1959 – September 3, 2021), known professionally as Henriette Valium, was a Canadian comic book artist and painter. He was based in Montreal, Quebec.

In March 2013, some of Valium's art pieces were exposed at Espace Robert Poulin in Montreal.

Valium won the Pigskin Peters Award at the 2017 Doug Wright Awards for his "Palace of Champions" graphic novel (Conundrum, 2016).


Kahe Diya Pardes

Kahe Diya Pardes is an Indian bilingual Marathi and Hindi television series broadcast on Zee Marathi.




The series premiered on 28 March 2016 and aired on Zee Marathi.

Naja

Naja is a genus of venomous snakes, which is commonly known as true Cobras. It contains about 30 species, which can be found in Africa and Asia. The most recognizable feature of these snakes is that they can spread the upper part of their neck. Very often, it also has some coloring. These species usually feed on small mammals and birds. Note that there are some snake species which have cobra in their name, but which are not true cobras: Examples are the King cobra ("Ophiophagus hannah) or the" Rinkhals (Hemachatus haemachatus, also called ring-necked spitting cobra)

Jai Malhar

Jai Malhar is Marathi mythological TV series being aired on Indian TV channel Zee Marathi. It is based on the legend of Lord Khandoba, an avatar of Lord Shiva.


The series premiered on 18 May 2014 from Monday to Saturday at 7 pm by replacing "Tu Tithe Me".



The show received highest TVRs of 5.3 and 5.6 in week 47 and 52 of 2014.

Brolga

The brolga ("Grus rubicunda") is a bird in the family Gruidae. It lives in Australia.

Only two cranes live in Australia, the brolga and the sarus crane.

This is the largest bird in Australia that can fly. (The emu is larger but does not fly.) It is 1.3 metres tall and its wings stretch 2.5 metres from end to end. Its feathers are light gray except under the chin, and there is some red skin on its neck. it has long black legs.

Young brolgas are darker gray with no red or black.

The brolga looks for food in swamps and other wetlands. It will put its head all the way under the water. It can look for food in drier places, like grasslands and farms, but it goes to wetlands when it can.

The brolga digs into the ground with its strong bill. It pries up bits of earth. It eats the roots of sedge plants the most, but it also eats molluscs, frogs, crustaceans, and large insects.

Brolga dance for each other. It jumps in the air, stretches down and up, throws things into the air, and makes loud noises.

Brolga make nests. They build a platform out of mud, grass, and sticks. They build it on an island or even in the water. They have two eggs at a time.

The brolga suffers from habitat loss because humans drain their swamps to make farmland and control floods. Long ago, farmers poisoned brolga so they would not eat crops.

6 (New York City Subway service)

The 6 Lexington Avenue Local and <6> Pelham Bay Park Express are two rapid transit services in the A Division of the New York City Subway.

Local service is shown by a (6) in a circular bullet, and express service is shown by a <6> in a diamond-shaped bullet.

The following table shows the lines used by 6 and <6>. The shaded boxes show the route at the specified times.

Superstore (TV series)

Superstore is an American television series. It ran on NBC from November 30, 2015 until March 25, 2021. The series was made by Justin Spitzer. Spitzer served as an executive producer for 4 seasons. "Superstore" shows a group of employees who work at "Cloud 9". They work at store number 1217. It is a made-up big-box store in St. Louis, Missouri.

"Superstore" was one of three new comedy series picked by NBC on January 15, 2015. It was the first project for The District. This was part of a two-year deal with Universal. NBC officially picked up "Superstore" on May 7, 2015. There were eleven episodes in season 1. The first episode was shown on November 30, 2015.

Mrs. Mukhyamantri

Mrs. Mukhyamantri is an Indian Marathi television family drama show. It is shown on Zee Marathi. It was started on 24 June 2019 and ended on 12 September 2020. It is produced by Shweta Shinde and Sanjay Khambe.

The story revolves about a young small-town girl named Suman. She is from Satara. Suman becomes Mrs. Mukhyamantri due to the twists of fate. Suman's mother dies when she was very young. She is a hardworking girl who is trying to make a living for herself.


The series premiered on 24 June 2019 and aired on Zee Marathi from Monday to Saturday at 7 pm by replacing "Lagira Zala Ji".


Government of Afghanistan

The Government of Afghanistan can be:


TALENs

TALENs were a kind of genetic engineering tool. They are restriction enzymes because they can cut specific sequences of DNA. They have a binding domain (strip of bases) and a cleavage domain.

The letters stand for "transcription activator-like effector nucleases". The technique was called "genome editing with engineered nucleases". Together with zinc finger nucleases and CRISPR/Cas9, TALEN was for a while an important tool in genome editing.

TALENs have now been superseded by CRISPR techniques.

Rape culture

In sociology, rape culture is a term that is used to describe a society where rape is common. This is mostly due to the views these societies have about gender and sexuality. Other behaviours that can often be found include victim blaming and sexual objectification. People in these societies may trivialize rape, or they say that it isn't much of a problem. They also often deny the fact that sexual violence is causing harm to the victim. Very often, there is a combination of all these issues.

The term rape culture has also been used for other settings, or to describe the behavior of specific groups of people: Examples of these are people being raped in prison, or using rape in a war, as a form of psychological warfare. 

That way, entire societies have been called rape cultures.

Some people also have sexual fantasies about raping someone, or being raped; in that context, their ideas may be seen as part of pornography. 
Second-wave feminists first had the idea of 'rape culture', in the 1970s. Most of them came from the United States. 

Critics of the concept say that it doesn't exist or is not widespread. They also say that even if there may be societies where rape is common, the concept of 'rape culture' implies that the person who rapes is not at fault; rather it is the society that made the rape possible. 

There are many movements who have addressed the idea of rape culture. They include movements such as SlutWalk and Me Too. Tatiana Burke, an American activist started Me Too, after she was sexually assaulted in 2006. Some of these movements have developed into self-help groups, where victims can talk about their experiences, and help each other.

Najibullah

Najibullah () is a male Muslim given name. Najibullah is a beautiful name with a rich history and meaning. It is a Muslim name that is commonly used in Afghanistan and other parts of the world. The name is made up of two words: Najib and Allah. Najib means "noble" or "distinguished," while Allah means "God" or "the Almighty." Therefore, Najibullah means "noble servant of God" or "distinguished worshipper of Allah." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). Najibullah can be:



Spring Ridge, Louisiana

Spring Ridge is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Sexual fantasy

A sexual fantasy is a mental image, or a pattern of thought that makes the person become sexually aroused or helps this process. It can be created by the person's imagination. Sometimes, erotic literature, or pornography can help create a sexual fantasy. The same may be true for certain objects, or being attracted to another person. Anything that can produce sexual arousal can also produce a sexual fantasy.

Sexual fantasies occur in almost all societies around the world. They are rarely put into practice, mainly because of cultural, social, moral, and religious constraints. In some cases, even a discussion by a person of sexual fantasies is subject to social taboos and inhibitions. Some people find it convenient to act out fantasies through sexual roleplay. People watching porn sometimes find their fantasies validated. A fantasy may be a positive or negative experience, or even both. It may be in response to a past experience and can influence future sexual behavior

Sexual fantasy is also used for a genre of literature, film or work of art. Such works may be appreciated for their aesthetics, though many people may feel uncomfortable with such works. For example, women in prison movies may be described as sexual fantasies, as are pornographic movies. In the case of movies, the term may describe a part of the movie, such as a fantasy scene or sequence. Besides pornographic films, some mainstream films have included sexual fantasy scenes, such as "Business Is Business" (1971), "Amarcord" (1973), "American Beauty" (1999) and others.

Citations

Bibliography


Women in prison movie

Women in prison movies (often shortened to WIP) are a kind of exploitation movie. Usually, they show women in a prison setting. These women are subjected to sex and violence. The first such movies were made in the 1930s. Usually male fantasies influence them more than the reality in women's prisons.

Movie critics do not agree on the historical role (of the movies). On the one hand, they are usually cheaply produced, and many stereotypes. On the other hand. they were among the first movies to show women who were not loving housewives. They created a role for a women who has to fight against the dominance of men. They also were among the first movies to show lesbian women.

J.I the Prince of N.Y

J. I the prince of new york is a very inspired rapper. He speaks for real life and emotions that hit hard. His biggest fan is Linda Pacheco. He was also starring in a tv show," The Rap Game, in season two at a young age. He has grown a tremendous amount of followers and has improved in the music industry.

Naked Childhood

Naked Childhood () is a 1968 French drama movie directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Raoul Billerey, Michel Terrazon, and Linda Gutenberg. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Mouth Agape

The Mouth Agape () is a 1974 French drama movie directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Monique Mélinand, Philippe Léotard, Hubert Deschamps, Nathalie Baye.


Eastern Region, Venezuela

The Eastern Region is one of the 10 administrative regions in Venezuela. It contains the states of Anzoátegui, Monagas and Sucre.
<templatestyles src="Module:Coordinates/styles.css"></templatestyles>

1995 Algarve Cup

The 1995 Algarve Cup was the second edition of the Algarve Cup, a women's association football tournament. It took place between 14 and 19 March 1995 in Portugal. Sweden won the event after they beat Denmark, 1-0, in the final game. Norway came third, they beat the US, 7-5 following penalty shootout, in the third prize-game.


Sam Hill (euphemism)

Sam Hill is an American English slang phrase, a euphemism for "the devil" or "hell" personified (as in, "What in the Sam Hill is that?").

1996 Algarve Cup

The 1996 Algarve Cup was the third edition of the Algarve Cup, a women's association football tournament. It took place between 11 and 17 March 1996 in Portugal. Norway won the event for the second time in its history, beating Sweden, 4-0 in the final-game.


Betty Archdale

Helen Elizabeth Archdale (21 August 1907 – 1 January 2000) was an English woman. She was an educationalist and she played the sport cricket. She played as a right-handed batter, and she played in 5 Test matches for England between 1934 and 1937. Archdale was the first captain of England's cricket team. She led them on their first tour of Australia and New Zealand in 1934/35. She played cricket in Britain for many regional teams and for Kent.

Archdale was born in London. Her mother was Helen Archdale (née Russel), a well-known woman who worked to get women the right to vote in Britain. Helen Archdale was also an Irish professional soldier in the British Army. She died in World War I when she was eleven. Her godmother was Emmeline Pankhurst.

Archdale went to Bedales School in Hampshire, where she learned to play cricket, and to St Leonards School in St Andrews, Fife.

After school, Archdale went to McGill University in Montreal. She graduated in 1929 with a BA in Economics and Political Science. She studied law in London. She did some studying in the Soviet Union. In 1938, she was called to the Bar at Gray's Inn.

During World War II, Archdale served in the Women's Royal Naval Service as a wireless operator in Singapore. She arrived in July 1941 at the head of a group of forty women trained in wireless telegraphy. She was awarded an Order of the British Empire for helping nurses escape from the fighting.

Archdale moved to Australia in 1946. She was appointed principal of Sydney University's "Women's College". She had that job for 10 years. Archdale was a member of the University Senate for 25 years, and she was a television and radio personality throughout the 1960s.

Archdale was headmistress of the private girls school Abbotsleigh in Wahroonga, Sydney for 12 years atarting in 1958. Archdale changed things in the school: She started sex education and said the girls' uniforms did not have to have hats and gloves. She also added physics and said the school should teach more Australian history than British history. She lived on an estate in Galston, Sydney with her brother Alexander Archdale, an actor.

In 1997, Archdale was listed as a National Living Treasure. In March 1999, Archdale was one of the first ten women to be given Honorary Life Membership of Marylebone Cricket Club in England. She died on 1 January 2000 at the age of 92, in Sydney.

The Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools, 'Archdale Debating' competition (for Sydney's Private and Catholic Girls' schools) is named in her honour.



Yenakha Paotapi

Yenakha Paotapi or Yenakha Paodabi Saijin Polibi () is an old demoness (hingchabi). Stories often show her as an evil spirit. She stays around the eaves of roofs in Meitei mythology and folklore. Her story is from Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur). The stories say she interferes everywhere. Legend says that she could not live with human beings. Instead, she lives like a dog or a jackal, sitting on graves.
In some stories, she is depicted as a minor goddess (lairembi) in the Meitei religion.

The Meitei name "Yenakha Paotaapi" (ꯌꯦꯅꯈꯥ ꯄꯥꯎꯇꯥꯄꯤ) or "Yenakha Paotaabi" (ꯌꯦꯅꯈꯥ ꯄꯥꯎꯇꯥꯕꯤ) is made up of two words "Yenakha" (ye.nə.kʰa, ꯌꯦꯅꯈꯥ) and "Paotaapi" (ꯄꯥꯎꯇꯥꯄꯤ) or "Paotaabi" (ꯄꯥꯎꯇꯥꯕꯤ). In Meitei, "Yenakha" (ye.nə.kʰa, ꯌꯦꯅꯈꯥ) means "either side of the house". The word "Paotaabi" (ꯄꯥꯎꯇꯥꯕꯤ) can be fragmented into "Pao" ("ꯄꯥꯎ"), "Ta" ("ꯇꯥ") (or "Da, "ꯗꯥ"") and "Bi" ("ꯕꯤ"). "Pao" ("ꯄꯥꯎ") means , or . In Meitei, "Ta" ("ꯇꯥ") has many meanings. Its meanings may be either (1) "to " or "to ", (2) "to arrive at a stage", (3) "to " or "to ", (4) "to turn over", (5) "to " or "to ". Here, in case of "Paotaabi", ""Pao"" means "to " or "to ". "Pi" ("ꯄꯤ") or "Bi" ("ꯕꯤ") is a suffix to denote feminine gender.

There are many legends of Yenakha Paotaapi. 
Once there was a childless couple. They would play a game together. They would make riddles. Whoever lost the riddle game would give the winner a . The husband made a riddle like this: <poem>
"A man with four hands
With a rucksack by his side, 
Is dancing round and round.
Rolling around cheerful is another man in front."</poem>
The wife could not find the answer to the riddle. Then, the husband told her the answer: 
<poem>"The answer is what you do many times. You use a four spoked wheel and when you rotate it, the yarn ball rotates in the front."</poem>

Then, the wife told a new riddle to her husband:
<poem>
"What is that cries when fed and stops crying when you stop feeding?"
</poem>

The husband answered that it was a "kaptreng", a traditional Meitei traditional wooden tool for ginning cotton. The wife had to give her husband a fish on the next day. They went to sleep that night. But "Yenakha Paotabi", the old demoness, had been listening to their riddles. She thought of an evil plan to ruin the couple's life. While planning, she thought,
<poem>
"I should not lose this opportunity. 
Tomorrow, I will impersonate the wife when she is away. 
She will be driven away by her husband. I will stay with him as his wife for few days and one day, when he is asleep, I will cut his throat and drink his blood. Oh! How tasty it will be!"</poem>
The next day, Yenakha Paodabi did everything in to her plan: She changed her appearance so she looked like the wife. When the real wife was away at the market, Yenakha Paodabi entered the house holding a Shareng fish, when the actual woman was away to market. The husband had no doubt about the woman until his real wife returned home, creating a great surprise to him with the presence of two women who looked exactly like his wife.
There was a huge quarrel and then a fight between the two identical women. The husband was unable to solve the problem. So, all of them went to the King to judge their matter. After hearing the whole story, the king said to the two women, 
<poem>
"As both of you are firm on your stands, let the great God show us the truth."
</poem>
Then, as per a new plan devised by the King, a priest (maiba) got blessings from the Lainingthou (Great God) and put a hollow bamboo pipe on a banana leaf. Then, the king told the two women that only the real woman would be able to pass through the narrow bamboo pipe. The king and asked the two to try to go through the pipe to prove their real identity. But this was a trick. The demoness, not realizing, immediately transformed. She shrunk until she could fit into the hollow bamboo pipe. Then, the king immediately made his men close both the ends of the bamboo pipe. Thus, Yenakha Paodabi, was trapped. He tried to burn the bamboo pipe, but Yenakha Paodabi requested him to let her go. The king released her. From that day onwards, Yenakha Paodabi never interfered again with the couple's life.

Once there lived a widowed lady with her three children. Since her husband's death, the woman went to market and sell vegetables to feed her children. The eldest child was a girl. The girl was little grown up. So, she helped her mother in household works. The two younger children were boys. The youngest one still fed on mother's milk. One day, the mother did not return home from the market. The boys started crying. Their sister tried to console them but she failed to do so. Meanwhile, Yenakha Paotabi heard the cry. She was very happy at this. She planned to eat up all the children that very day. It had been a very long time she had not eaten any human child. So, she hid herself at that house's eaves. On the other side, the mother eloped with a man. Taking advantage of this situation, Yenakha Paotabi changed the way she looked until she looked like the mother. She pretended to be coming back from the market. She took the youngest child from the sister's hands. She held the little boy in her arms. She ate him by breaking him into pieces. The elder brother asked her what she was eating. Yenakha Paotabi answered that it was not something he could eat. She said it was Thambou (Lotus stem) brought from the market. The sister came to know that the strange woman was not their mother but a witch. So she thought of running away with her survived younger brother to save their lives. The brother and the sister ran away from the place. Yenakha Paotabi finished eating the small boy. Then, she looked for the rest of the children. She found them missing. So she started following the children. The brother and the sister hid themselves at a nearby house (""a house at far away place found after running"" in another version of the story). Later, the two siblings found their real mother. They ran towards her joyfully calling "mother". But the mother said they were not hers. She had told her new husband that she did not have any children. But he became suspicious when the children called her "mother". So he asked her if she was hiding something from him. The mother brought a Shuk (stick of rice grinder). She said that the child who could throw this Shuk in front of the front yard of the house was her true child. According to her, the one who could not do it was not her true child. The daughter (sister) mentioned God Lainingthou's name. She closed her eyes filled with tears. She threw the Shuk. The Shuk fell ahead of the front yard. The brother failed. It was because he was not strong. According to the mother's words, the sister was accepted but the little boy was rejected. The sister cried at her mother's rejection of her younger brother. The sister took out some food to feed her little brother. Her mother scolded her. After that, the sister gave her younger brother only paddy grains to cook. The younger brother brought the grains to cook them somewhere. Accidentally, he slipped on a Lukrak (Culm sheath of bamboo tree) and all the grains fell off. When he was picking up the grains, a bird known as "Waba Chengjaba" ate them all. The younger brother cried and told his sister about the accident. She gave him some more grains. Taking the grains, he came back joyfully. However, he fell again and the bird ate his food again. He got angry. At the same time, he was also scared to tell his sister he had lost the food again. So, he suffered his hunger for that day. On the next day, he told everything to his sister. She gave him some rice and three strands of hair. She taught him how to catch the bird.
The younger brother made nets from the hairs. He put some rice in front of the net. Looking at the rice, the bird came and tried to pick it up. However, the net hooked its feet. Thus, it was trapped in the net. The young boy told the bird that he would kill it. He said that he would give the bird's two legs to his sister and would take the bird's body for himself. The bird promised him a Yai (magical diamond stone) in place of its life. The Yai would give everything that he wished.
The bird took out the Yai from his mouth and gave it to the boy. The bird was set free. The brother took his sister and fled away to a deserted area. They built a palace with the help of the Yai. With the help of the Yai, they gave food and clothing to many poor people. Their mother and stepfather grew poorer day by day. They had heard of the children's fame. So, the couple approached to the children for help. They were given good food, clothing and treasures. On the way back, the mother died because of . The stepfather returned home with all the gifts. In another version of the story, the brother and the sister planned to kill both the mother and the stepfather. So the brother gave the couple two bamboo bottles filled with bees. He told them that the bamboo bottles contained drinks for them. On the way back to home, the couple fell tired of their journey. So, without looking into the bamboo bottles, they opened the bamboo bottles. They died being bitten by the bees. On the other hand, the brother and the sister lived happily ever after.

Lani Misalucha

Lani Bayot Misalucha (born in Manila, Philippines as Lani Dimalanta Boyat; August 3, 1969) is a Filipino singer. She sings pop, opera, R&B, jazz and soul. Her ability to sing across several music genres gave her the name "Asia's Nightingale", according to MTV Southeast Asia. Misalucha was later nominated for an Aliw Award for playing Sita in the 1999 Filipino musical "Rama at Sita - The Musical".

Misalucha covered several pop, rock or Christmas songs. They included "Do You Hear What I Hear", "The Tin Man" (original version by the 1970s pop rock group America) and "You Don't Own Me" (original by Lesley Gore).

During fall 2020, Misalucha was affected with bacterial meningitis. She became partially deaf after the condition. It also affected her singing voice. 

Chita, Zabaykalsky Krai

Chita () is a city in Eastern Russia. It is the capital of the Zabaykalsky Krai of Russia. As of 2018, it has over 349,005 people.

Chita is founded in 1653. After 1825, the Decembrists gave exile to Chita. George Kennan said, "Among the exiles in Chita were some of the brightest, most cultivated, most sympathetic men and women that we had met in Eastern Siberia." When Richard Maack visited Chita in 1855, he saw a wooden town, with one, also wooden, church. He estimated Chita's population at under 1,000, but predicted that the Chita would soon get fast growth in population and economy, due to the upcoming annexation of the Amur valley by Russia.
Chita lies at the confluence of the Chitinka River and Ingoda Rivers, between the Yablonoi Mountains to the west and the Chersky Range to the east. It is 6,180 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 6,609 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 5,717 kilometers southeast of Nizhny Novgorod, 4,398 kilometers southeast of Yekaterinburg, and 2,863 kilometers northwest of Vladivostok.

Cherepovets

Cherepovets () is a city in European Russia. It is the largest city of the Vologda Oblast of Russia, but not the capital, which is Vologda. As of 2010, the city has 312,000 people.

Cherepovets was founded by two orthodox monks Feodosy and Afanasy in November 4, 1777. In 1362, they founded the Cherepovets Resurrection Monastery, in the vicinity of which Fedosyevo was founded. Historians consider the former village of Fedosyevo to be in the center of modern Cherepovets. Several centuries were needed to develop the Fedosyevo into a prominent trade, manufacturing, and regional transportation center. Cherepovets was really founded in 1777 by Catherine the Great and became the center in the administrative structure of the Novgorod Governorate. 

The construction of the Mariinsk canal system in 1810 made a important impact on the development of Cherepovets. The Mariinsk Canal System connected Cherepovets with the Volga River to the south and the Baltic Sea to the west. At that time, Cherepovets was still at a very early stage of development with a population of 3,000 people by 1863. For a long time, the city brickworks with seven workers was the sole industrial enterprise in Cherepovets.

The development of the city changed with bringing more development, and progress after Emancipation Reform happened in 1861 and the appearance of the shipbuilding industry. Cherepovets soon became a prominent shipbuilding and logistics center connecting major regional railways and waterways. In 1915, Cherepovets' population grew to 10,000.

After the revolution of Cherepovets, in March 1918, eastern people of the Novgorod Governorate were renamed to separate Cherepovets Governorate centered around Cherepovets. The new governorate existed for less than 10 years. In 1927, it was merged with Leningrad, Novgorod, Pskov, and Murmansk Governorates into a single Leningrad Oblast. In September 1937, most of the former Cherepovets Governorate territories (except for Tikhvin district) were transferred to the newly established Russian federal subject of Vologda Oblast.

After the revolution, in March 1918, eastern uyezds of the Novgorod Governorate were renamed to separate Cherepovets Governorate centered around Cherepovets. The new governorate existed for less than 10 years. In 1927, it was merged with Leningrad, Novgorod, Pskov, and Murmansk Governorates into a single Leningrad Oblast. In September 1937, most of the former Cherepovets Governorate territories (except for Tikhvin district) were transferred to the newly established Vologda Oblast.

The subsequent development of Cherepovets is closely related to the completion of the construction of Severstal in 1955, the second-largest of Russia. Unlike the majority of the most important science centers in the Soviet Union, the location of the future steel plant was selected far away from the actual mineral resources and deposits because for that was the many people advantage of having a well-developed infrastructure that allowed connection of the north and northwest of Russia by train, road trip, and water into a single operation system. It connected such remote mining centers as Vorkuta and Olenegorsk, Murmansk Oblast.

The rapid growth of the industry center drastically changed the city, and by the early 1960s, its population exceeded 100,000 people. At 1970, Cherepovets had become the largest city in Vologda Oblast, overtaking Vologda.
Cherepovets is the largest city of the Vologda Oblast. It is 528 kilometers north of Moscow, 537 kilometers east of Saint Petersburg, 631 kilometers northwest of Nizhny Novgorod, 1,705 kilometers northwest of Yekaterinburg, and 135 kilometers slight-southwest of Vologda.

Jos Verstappen

Johannes Franciscus "Jos" Verstappen (; born 4 March 1972) is a Dutch former racing driver. Some considered Verstappen the most successful Dutch F1 racing driver before he retired.

Verstappen began karting at the age of 8, and it was not long until he started at national competitions. In 1984 he became Dutch junior champion. He remained successful, and won two European titles.

At the end of 1991 he started car racing.

During his professional career, Verstappen was nicknamed "Jos the Boss" and "Dutch Devil".

White-lined leaf frog

The white-lined leaf frog or white-lined monkey frog ("Phyllomedusa vaillantii") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Guyana, French Guiana, Surinam, Colombia, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is to long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is to long. Male and female frogs do not look the same: their noses are different shapes. This frog is mostly green with reddish-brown color on its sides. It has whitish or orange spots. It can have red, lavender, or orange color on its legs. Its belly is light orange.

This frog lives in trees. It hides during the day and looks for food at night. This frog lays eggs at the rainiest part of the year. The frog builds a nest out of leaves over a pond or other body of water. It puts the eggs in the nest with jelly over them so they do not dry out. When the tadpoles hatch out of the eggs, they fall out of the nest into the water. Sometimes the tadpoles breathe air during the day, but they do not do this at night.

Bihari Hindus

Bihari Hindus are ethnic groups of Bihar, who follows Hinduism. They are mostly present in Bihar, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh. A large community of them are also settled in Nepal, Mauritius and Fiji through diaspora. In modern times, many of them are settled in United States, Australia, United Arab Emirates and other nations as technicians, engineers, labourers and other employement purpose. The Bihari culture is directly influenced by Hinduism, including cuisine, literature and music.

Hindus constitute for nearly 82.7% of Bihar population, as of 2011.


Live Nation Entertainment

Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. is an American global entertainment company that was founded in 2010. The company promotes, operates, and manages ticket sales for live entertainment in the United States and internationally. 

Delaplane, Virginia

Delaplane is an unincorporated community in northern Fauquier County, Virginia. It is about due west of Washington, D.C.


Manuel Soares Costa

Manuel José Dias Soares Costa (19 March 1933 – 2 September 2021) was a Portuguese politician and academic. He was the Minister of Agriculture from 1983 until 1984 during the Mario Soares government.

Soares Costa died on 2 September 2021 in Lisbon, Portugal at the age of 88.

Rune Gerhardsen

Rune Gerhardsen (13 June 1946 – 4 September 2021) was a Norwegian Labour politician. He was born in Oslo, Norway. 

He was the Chair of the Norwegian Skating Association three times between 1986 until 1990, 2001 until 2003 and 2013 until 2017. From 1992 until 1997, Gerhardsen was Mayor of Oslo. From 1973 until 1975, he was Leader of the Workers' Youth League.

Gerhardsen died on 4 September 2021 in Oslo at the age of 75.

Tunch Ilkin

Tunch Ilkin (born Tunç Ali İlkin; September 23, 1957 – September 4, 2021) was a Turkish-born American football player and sports broadcaster. He played as an offensive tackle for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Green Bay Packers. He was the first Turk to play in the National Football League (NFL). After his playing career, he was a television and radio analyst for the Steelers from 1998 to 2020. His career lasted from 1980 until 1993. Ilkin was born in Istanbul, Turkey.

In October 2020, Ilkin announced that he was living with ALS. He died from the disease on September 4, 2021 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, at the age of 63.

Ion Caramitru

Ion Horia Leonida Caramitru, OBE (; 9 March 1942 – 5 September 2021) was a Romanian actor, stage director, and politician. He was Minister of Culture between 1996 and 2000. He was a member of the Romanian Democratic Convention. He was born in Bucharest, Romania. An actor, he was known for his roles in "Citizen X" (1995), "Adam and Paul" (2004) and "Charlie Countryman" (2013).

Caramitru died on 5 September 2021 in Bucharest at the age of 79.

Ivan Patzaichin

Ivan Patzaichin (; 26 November 1949 – 5 September 2021) was a Romanian canoe racing coach and sprint canoeist. He took part in all major competitions between 1968 and 1984. He won four gold medals at the 1968, 1972, 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics. He also won three silver medals at the 1972, 1980 and 1984 Olympics. Patzaichin was born in Crișan, Romania.

Patzaichin died on 5 September 2021 in Bucharest, Romania from lung cancer, aged 71. He was diagnosed with the disease in three months before his death.

Phạm Minh Chính

Phạm Minh Chính (born 10 December 1958) is a Vietnamese politician. In 2021, he became the Prime Minister of Vietnam.

Phạm Hùng

Phạm Hùng (June 11, 1912 – March 10, 1988) was a Vietnamese politician. He was the 2nd Prime Minister of the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 1987 to 1988.

Võ Chí Công

Võ Chí Công (born Võ Toàn; 7 August 1912 – 8 September 2011) was a Vietnamese politician, a founding member of the Viet Cong and former President of Vietnam.

In 1912, Công was born Võ Toàn in Quảng Nam Province, Vietnam, in 1912.

In 1930, he first became active in politics.

In 1935, he joined the Communist Party of Indochina; and he rose through the ranks of the party.

From 1987 through 1992, he was the Chairman of the Council of State of Vietnam which was like the current office of the President of Vietnam.

Công died in Ho Chi Minh City on 8 September 2011, aged 99. His state funeral was broadcast on television.

Trường Chinh

Trường Chinh (; 9 February 1907, Xuân Trường District, Nam Định Province – 30 September 1988, Hanoi) was a Vietnamese communist political leader and theoretician. He was one of the key figures of Vietnamese politics. 

Nguyễn Hữu Thọ

Nguyễn Hữu Thọ (10 July 1910 – 24 December 1996) was a Vietnamese revolutionary and Chairman of Consultative Council of the National Liberation Front of South Vietnam from 6 June 1969 to 2 July 1976, and the Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam from 4 July 1981 to 18 June 1987.


Vice President of Vietnam

The Vice President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (), known as Deputy Chairman of the Council of State () from 1981 to 1992, is the vice head of state of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. The Vice President is appointed on the recommendation of the President to the National Assembly.

Võ Thị Ánh Xuân

Võ Thị Ánh Xuân (born 8 January 1970) is a Vietnamese politician. She became the Vice President of Vietnam in 2021. She was elected vice president on 6 April 2021 after winning 93.13% of votes in the National Assembly.

Tôn Đức Thắng

Tôn Đức Thắng (August 20, 1888 – March 30, 1980) was the second and last president of North Vietnam and the first president of the reunified Vietnam. He was president, initially of North Vietnam from September 2, 1969, and later of a united Vietnam, until his death in 1980.

Mamady Doumbouya

Mamady Doumbouya (born 4 March 1980) is a Guinean soldier and politician. After being appointed by the 4th President of Guinea, Alpha Condé, who had just changed the country's constitution to remain for a 3rd term, with the sole responsibility of preventing another coup d'état from happening. He spearheaded the 2021 Guinean coup d'état to become the 5th and President of Guinea. He was a former French Legionnaire and supposedly also member of a "Special Forces Group" from the Republic of Guinea Armed Forces. He created and became the self-appointed Chairman of the National Committee of Reconciliation and Development from 2021 to 2023.

Sékouba Konaté

General Sékouba Konaté (born 6 June 1964) is an officer of the Guinean army and formerly served as the Vice President of its military junta, the National Council for Democracy and Development. In October 2021, he was retired from the army.

Moussa Dadis Camara

Captain Moussa Dadis Camara (born 1 January 1964) now called Moïse Dadis Camara is an ex-officer of the Guinean army. He was the President of the Republic of Guinea's National Council for Democracy and Development ("Conseil National de la Démocratie et du Développement", CNDD) from 2008 until 2010.

Lansana Conté

Lansana Conté (30 November 1934 – 22 December 2008) was a Guinean politician and military official. He was the second President of Guinea, from 3 April 1984 until his death on 22 December 2008. Conté came to power in the 1984 Guinean coup d'état.

Ahmed Sékou Touré

Ahmed Sékou Touré (var. Sheku Turay or Ture; January 9, 1922 – March 26, 1984) was a Guinean political leader and African statesman who became the first president of Guinea, serving from 1958 until his death in 1984.

In 1960, he declared his Democratic Party of Guinea ("Parti démocratique de Guinée", PDG) the only legal party in the state. He ruled from then on as a dictator. He was re-elected unopposed to four seven-year terms since there was no legal opposition. Under his rule many people were killed.

In October 2021, on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the October 1971 massacre, relatives of 70 Guineans executed under the Sékou Touré regime asked President Mamady Doumbouya for rehabilitation and a dignified burial for the victims.


2021 Guinean coup d'état

The 2021 Guinean coup d'état is a government takeover made by the armed forces of Guinea on 5 September 2021. The country's president, Alpha Condé, was arrested and removed from power after gunfire in the capital Conakry. Members of the special forces released a video showing Condé in captivity. The coup was led by special forces commander Mamady Doumbouya and he took power. Many people celebrated in the streets that Condé was removed from power.

Doumbouya later created the National Committee of Reconciliation and Development (CNRD) making himself chair of the committee. He said that the CNRD would be in charge of the country for an 18-month transition period.

On September 8, 2021, Guinea is suspended from ECOWAS proceedings by ECOWAS Heads of State meeting in a virtual extraordinary summit.

On October 1, 2021, Doumbouya was sworn in as interim president.

Christy Dignam

Christy Dignam (23 May 1960 - 13 June 2023) was an Irish rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Dublin. He was the lead singer of the popular Irish rock band Aslan. His career began in 1980.

In March 2013, Dignam was diagnosed with amyloidosis, a rare form of blood cancer. 

He died on 13 June 2023.

Panorama Tower

Panorama Tower is a mixed-use 85-story skyscraper in Miami, Florida, United States. 

Its construction was put on hold during the Great Recession. The project was revived in 2012. It is the tallest building in Miami, and the tallest building in Florida.

One Bayfront Plaza

One Bayfront Plaza is a proposed supertall skyscraper approved for construction in the U.S. city of Miami, Florida. If completed, the building would stand at , with 93 floors, becoming the tallest building in Miami and Florida.

Movie Star (company)

Movie Star Inc. is a New York City-based manufacture, marketer, and seller of lingerie, sleepwear and other types of clothing. Organized in 1935, and then formerly known as Sandmark Stardust Inc. in 1992. It was acquired by Frederick's of Hollywood in 2006, who sold the company to Dolce Vita Intimates in 2010.


Movie Stars (TV series)

Movie Stars is an American sitcom television series, that aired from 1999 to 2000. It stars Harry Hamlin and Jennifer Grant, as a Hollywood actors trying to raise their childern.

Top Gun: Maverick

Top Gun: Maverick is a 2022 action drama movie directed by Joseph Kosinski from a screenplay by Ehren Kruger, Eric Warren Singer, and Christopher McQuire and story by Peter Craig and Justin Marks. The movie stars Tom Cruise, Miles Teller, Jennifer Connely, John Hamm, Glen Powell, Lewis Pullman, Ed Harris, and Val Kilmer. It is a sequel to "Top Gun" (1986) with Cruise and Kilmer reprising their roles for the movie.

The movie was initially scheduled to be released on July 12, 2019. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the movie's complex action sequences, "Top Gun: Maverick" was delayed several times. The movie eventually premiered at Cinemacon on April 28, 2022 and was released in theaters by Paramount Pictures on May 27.

The movie received positive reviews from critics, with many deeming that the movie was better than its predecessor.

At the 95th Academy Awards, it was nominated for six awards, including Best Picture.

Captain Pete Mitchell and a team of pilots carry out a mission to destroy an unsanctioned nuclear facility in another country.


On Rotten Tomatoes, 96% of 462 reviews are positive. The average rating is 8.20/10. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 78 out of 100 based on 63 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".


Top Gun: Combat Zones

Top Gun: Combat Zones is a combat flight simulator video game developed by Digital Intergration, published by Titus Interactive (PlayStation 2/Windows) and Mastiff (Game Boy Advance). It was released first on PlayStation 2 in 2001, the both Nintendo consoles like GameCube and Game Boy Advance released in 2002, and later Microsoft Windows in 2003.

It was adaptaion to the "Top Gun", the best American movies.

Lai Khutsangbi

Lai Khutsangbi () (/laai-khoot-shaang-bee/) is a demoness (hingchabi) in Meitei mythology and folklore. Her story is from Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur). She has very long hands. The word "Lai" means "deity or divinity," "Khut" means "hand," and "Sangbi" or "Shangbi" means "long" in Manipuri (Meitei). 
The legend says that when she walks, her long hands touch the ground. Her fingers are as sharp as thorns. She has a large mouth with a long tongue. Her look is very frightening.

There was a man and woman with a little child named Shasi (or "Shachi" or "Leirik" or "Naocha" in other versions) living in a house by itself in a village. Nearby was a forest where Lai Khutsangbi lived. She usually stole and ate livestock and human babies from the village. She took advantage of people's loneliness. The people in the village were afraid.

Lai Khutsangbi wanted to eat the child Shasi. But Shasi's father, Shasipa was so brave that the Lai Khutsangbi was afraid of him. One day, Shasipa left home to work somewhere far away. He would be gone for days. Lai Khutsangbi came to the house at night, and asked Shasi's mother, Shasima if her husband was at home or not. Shasima was smart, so she lied and said her husband was at home. Lai Khutsangbi left. But she came back night after night and asked the same question again and again. Shasi's mother also gave the same reply, hiding the true fact that Shasipa was away. After some time, Shasi's father returned home and Shasi's mother told him what had happened. Shasi's father decided to defeat the demoness. That night, he waited for Lai Khutsangbi with a sharpened sword. At midnight, the demoness, as usual, came to ask Shasima if her husband was home. This time, Shasi's mother replied that he was away from home. Unaware of the trick, Lai Khutsangbi broke through the wall of the house with one of her powerful hands, trying to find Shasi, the child. Shasi's father, who was waiting for this opportunity, chopped off the hand with his sword.
Then, the demoness screamed painfully, 
<poem>
Ayo Ema, I am dead! 
Ayo yo Ema ayo yo
Leimadeng deng Ningjaobi
You a big liar
Ayo yo Ema ayoyo
</poem>
Lai Khutsangbi ran away from the house, dragging her remaining long arm. The blood flew out of her cut arm and fell onto many plants growing on her way to the forest. It is said that the red patches seen on some plants is her blood. Shasi's father followed her into the woods. The demoness could not run fast because she was injured. Shasi's father caught her and stepped on her other remaining hand. Then, he chopped off that arm too.
The villagers thanked Shasipa for his bravery. From that day onwards, Lai Khutsangbi, the long handed demoness, was never seen again.


João Sayad

João Sayad (1 December 1945 – 5 September 2021) was a Brazilian economist and academic. He was the professor of the Department of Economics, Management and Accounting of the University of Sao Paulo. He was born in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Sayad was president and chairman of the board of directors of the Inter-American Express Bank in São Paulo and director of the Economic Research Institute Foundation at the University of São Paulo.

Sayad died on 5 September 2021 in São Paulo from blood cancer at the age of 75.

Billy Apple

Billy Apple (born Barrie Bates; 1 January 19356 September 2021) was a New Zealand artist. Most of his works focused on pop art in the 1960s and with the Conceptual Art movement in the 1970s. He worked with Andy Warhol and other pop artists. 

His work is part of the permanent collections of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa, Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tamaki, the Christchurch Art Gallery, Te Puna o Waiwhetu, The University of Auckland, and the SMAK/Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand.

Apple died on 6 September 2021 in Auckland from a short-illness, aged 86.

Assembly of Vojvodina

The unicameral parliament of the Serbian autonomous province of Vojvodina is known as the Assembly of the Autonomous province of Vojvodina. It has 120 members that are elected every four years.

The President of the Assembly was István Pásztor of the Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians (SVM). The current parliament was elected in 2020.


Sándor Egeresi

Sándor Egeresi (; ; 25 June 1964 – 5 September 2021) was a Hungarian-Serbian politician, engineer and lawyer. He was born in Bačka Topola, SFR Yugoslavia. He was a member and president of the Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians Party. Egeresi was President of the Assembly of Vojvodina from 2008 until 2012.

Egeresi died on 5 September 2021 in Novi Sad, Serbia at the age of 57.

The Sea of Grass

The Sea of Grass is a 1947 American western drama movie directed by Elia Kazan and was based on the 1936 novel of the same name by Conrad Richter. It stars Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Robert Walker, Melvyn Douglas, Phyllis Thaxter, Edgar Buchanan, Harry Carey, Russell Hicks and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Zanele kaMagwaza-Msibi

Zanele kaMagwaza-Msibi (1 February 1962 – 6 September 2021) was a South African politician. She was born in Makhosini, South Africa. In 2011, she was elected Leader of the National Freedom Party. From 2014 until 2019, she was a member of the National Assembly.

In November 2014, kaMagwaza-Msibi was hospitalized in critical condition after having a stroke. She died on 6 September 2021 at a hospital in Durban, South Africa from COVID-19 at the age of 59.

Iván Vitányi

Iván Vitányi (3 July 1925 – 6 September 2021) was a Hungarian sociologist, essayist, dance historian, philosopher of art and politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of Hungary from 1990 to 2014. He was a member of the Hungarian Socialist Party and of the Hungarian Communist Party. He was born in Debrecen, Hungary.

Vitányi died on 6 September 2021 in Budapest at the age of 96.

György Faludy

György Faludy (September 22, 1910 – September 1, 2006), sometimes anglicized as George Faludy, was a Hungarian-born poet, writer and translator.

Faludy died on September 1, 2006 in Budapest at the age of 95. He was openly bisexual.



Imre Mécs

Imre Mécs (4 September 1933 – 19 January 2023) is a Hungarian politician. He was born in Budapest. He was a member of the Alliance of Free Democrats. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1990 until 2010. He was sentenced to death during the aftermath of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. In 1963, he was released from prison. He lost his re-election to parliament 2010, causing his retirement. He died in 2023.

Kayin State

Kayin State (Eastern Pwo: ဖၠုံခါန်ႋကၞင့်; S'gaw Karen: ကညီကီၢ်စဲၣ်, pronounced [kɲɔkɔshæ], , ), also known by its former name Karen State, is a state of Myanmar. The capital city is Hpa-An, also spelled Pa-An.

The government of Kayin State is split into three branches: an executive (Kayin State Government), a legislative (Kayin State Hluttaw), and a judicial (Kayin State High Court).

Karen State has one city and nine towns. It has four districts, seven townships and 4092 villages.



Kayin State is very mountainous so the villages are very small. Lots of Kayin State's population is across the countryside in hundreds of villages.

Since the 1973 Census, the population of Karen State has increased from 858,429 to 1,055,359 in the 1983 census and 1,574,079 in the census of 2014.

Karen State has two airports, Hpapun Airport and Hpa-An Airport, but they aren't open to the public currently.

Klára Dobrev

Klára Dobrev (born Klara Petrova Dobreva, ; on 2 February 1972) is a Hungarian politician. In 2019, she became Vice President of the European Parliament. She is chairperson of the Hungarian section of the UN Women.

Lee Jae-myung

Lee Jae-myung (; born 22 December 1964) is a South Korean politician and lawyer. He has been a member of the National Assembly since 2022. In August 2022, he was elected Leader of the Democratic Party.

Lee was Mayor of Seongnam, the tenth largest city in South Korea, from 2010 to 2018. He is a member of the centre-liberal Democratic Party. In 2018, he became Governor of Gyeonggi Province. He became well known during his time as governor for his response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In July 2021, Lee announced his candidacy for President of South Korea in the 2022 election. He was seen as the front-runner for the presidency, leading in many polls until late 2021. He lost the election to conservative former prosecutor Yoon Suk-yeol by a small amount of votes in March 2022.

Lee was born on 22 December 1964 in Andong, the fifth of seven children. He was raised in poverty.

As a child, he worked at a rubber factory illegally as he was not old enough to work. He hurt his finger during a work accident. In a second workplace injury, an industrial press crushed his wrist joint. The injury was untreated and caused a disability in his arm. He is registered as a disabled person.

He studied at Chung-Ang University and Gachon University. He became a lawyer after graduating. In 1991, he married Kim Hye-kyung. They have two children.

As mayor of Seongnam, he was known for creating the city's social welfare program. From 2010 to 2014, Lee announced a moratorium on payments of debt. Some criticized Lee for this and accused him of creating a political stunt. Critics said the moratorium was not needed because the city had never been forced to repay the debt immediately.

At the same time, he used the money saved to expand social welfare programs, such as offering a universal basic income for young people, free school uniforms and free postnatal care.

Lee was also known for banning dog meat and to shut down dog slaughtering facilities in Moran Market. In 2016, Lee signed an agreement with shop owners that ended the display and slaughter of live dogs at the market.

After losing his first presidential campaign, Lee ran for Governor of Gyeonggi Province. Lee became known for his response to the COVID-19 pandemic as governor. 

Lee announced a special order for all foreigners working in Gyeonggi Province to be tested for COVID-19. Seoul announced similar policies but changed them to recommendation after facing criticism.

On 7 May 2022, Lee declared his candidacy in the June 2022 elections running for a district vacant seat in Incheon for the National Assembly. Lee won the seat in the elections on 1 June 2022. Afterwards, he was elected as the leader of the Democratic Party of Korea on 28 August and became the opposition leader.

In 2023, Lee launched a 24-day hunger strike to protest President Yoon Suk Yeol's response to Japan’s release of radioactive wastewater from the Fukushima nuclear power, his handling of the country’s post-pandemic economy and his strict policies on North Korea.

While he was mayor of Seongnam, Lee ran for President of South Korea in 2017 after former president Park Geun-hye was impeached on corruption allegations. In the Democratic Party's primary election, Lee placed third behind Moon Jae-in, the former party chairman, and Ahn Hee-jung, the governor of South Chungcheong Province. Lee is part of the progressive wing in the Democratic Party.

Lee declared his candidacy in the 2022 presidential election in July 2021.

Lee became the nominee of the Democratic Party of Korea on 10 October 2021. Lee won a majority of the votes in the primary and made it directly to the presidential election without a runoff.

In the general election, Lee lost to Yoon Suk Yeol of the People Power Party, 47.8% to 48.6%.

Since late 2022, Lee has been at the center of a corruption investigation. It is said that while he was mayor of Seongnam, he would receive donations from businesses and did them favors. On 10 January 2023, he went to the prosecutors office for questioning. This also marked the first time that an opposition leader was brought in for questioning regarding a criminal case, following the South Korean transition into democracy.

In February 2023, a motion for the arrest of Lee Jae-myung, which was reapproved by the prosecution, was rejected by the National Assembly, however with a large number of rebel votes within the party. 

In September 2023, Seoul prosecutors pushed for another motion to arrest Lee on corruption charges for giving special favours to a land developer in Seongnam. On 21 September, the Democratic-majority National Assembly approved the motion, with a 149-136 vote, with dozens of his own party members voting to arrest him. On that day, he was given an arrest warrant, the first time an opposition leader was arrested since the country's democratic transition. As a result, Lee went on a hunger strike in protest against the charges and President Yoon Suk Yeol, accusing him of using the criminal justice system to scare political opponents.

Lee was released after the Seoul Central District Court rejected the arrest warrant on 27 September 2023.

On 2 January 2024, Lee was stabbed in the neck during a visit to Busan. Lee suffered a "one-centimetre wound on his neck" with minor bleeding. Lee was hospitalized at Pusan National University Hospital. He was then transferred to Seoul National University Hospital with "non life-threatening" injuries. Lee had emergency surgery later in the day and was in recovery under critical condition hours later.


Salaam Bombay!

Salaam Bombay! ('greetings Bombay!') is a 1988 Indian drama movie, in Hindi language. It was directed by first time director Mira Nair and starring Shafiq Syed, Raghuvir Yadav, Anita Kanwar, Nana Patekar, Chanda Sharma. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1989.



Domodedovo (town)

Domodedovo () is a city in Moscow Oblast of Russia. As of 2010, the city has 96,145 people. The city surrounds Domodedovo Airport, one of the international airports of Moscow, the capital and largest city of Russia.
Domodedovo was started in 1900, was given after nearby village of Domodedovo, was first mentioned around 1401 in the statue of Vladimir the Bold, Prince of Serpukhov and Borovski. Domodedovo is located on the old road, Kashira way, that for centuries which connected Moscow with Kashira and many other southern cities of Russia.

Domodedovo was founded in 1900 as a city next to a train station of the Domodedovo. It was called after a nearby village of Domodedovo, which is known at 1410. Domodedovo got city status in 1947.

Domodedovo is located on the Moskva-Oka Plains, at part of the East European Plain, south-east of Moscow, 37 km from Moscow's center, on the Moscow – Kashira highway and the Paveletsky suburban railway line, near the federal highway named M4 Don.

Most of Domodedovo is located at the west of the Moscow railway line. Domodedovo was from the north to south along the rail tracks on 26 kilometers.

The climate is continental, with cold, snowy winters, and warm, humid summers. The passage of cyclones from the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea sometimes causes an increase in cloud cover. Average mid-January temperature in Domodedovo is about −10,5 °C, and mid-July is +17,5 °C. The average time of the frost-free season is 130 days.
Water resources in Domodedovo are non-existent. The rivers that flow in Domodedovo are Rozhayka, Severka and Pakhra Rivers.

Perodua

The ("Second Automobile Manufacturer Private Limited"), usually abbreviated to Perodua (), is Malaysia's largest car manufacturer, closely followed by Proton.

Dolgoprudny

Dolgoprudny () is a city in Moscow Oblast in European Russia. In 2018, 108,861 people lived there.
Skoda Lupo

Škoda Lupo was a car made by Škoda Auto from 1998 through 2014. The SEAT Arosa was a badge-engineered version of the Lupo.


Škoda Lupo

Škoda Lupo was a car made by Škoda Auto from 1998 through 2008. The SEAT Arosa was a badge-engineered version of the Lupo.

Beware of Pity

Beware of Pity is a 1946 British romantic drama movie directed by Maurice Elvey and was based on the 1939 novel of the same name by Stefan Zweig. It stars Lilli Palmer, Albert Lieven, Cedric Hardwicke, Gladys Cooper, Ernest Thesiger, Linden Travers.


Rom Houben

Rom Houben (born 1963) is a Belgian man who is in a coma and was falsely thought to have the ability to type through facilitated communication. Houben was thought to be comatose and in a vegetative state for 23 years after a near-fatal automobile accident. However, many caregivers said he was conscious and paralyzed during the entirety of his hospital stay. 

In 2010, the claim that Houben was able to talk was rejected when communication could not be repeated with a different facilitator and by hiding the object to be identified from the view of the facilitator.

Adonis Stevenson

Stevenson Adonis (born 22 September 1977), best known as Adonis Stevenson, is a Haitian Canadian former professional boxer. He competed from 2006 to 2018. He won the WBC, "Ring" magazine and lineal light-heavyweight titles in 2013. He was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. Stevenson was considered one of boxing's hardest punchers during his prime. 

He made ten successful defenses of the WBC and lineal titles until getting a life-threatening brain injury in his 2018 fight against Oleksandr Gvozdyk.

In 2012, Stevenson said he was in jail in Quebec, on charges of managing prostitutes, assault, and making threats.

Nurul Huda Abdullah

Nurul Huda Abdullah @ Ch'ng Su-Lin AMN (born 31 July 1972) is a former Malaysian competitive swimmer.

She holds the record of the most number of gold medals won at the Southeast Asian Games (SEA Games) for a Malaysian athlete, having won a total of 22 gold medals in the swimming events at three SEA Games (from 1985 to 1989).

She was the first Malaysian swimmer to win a medal at the Asian Games and remains the only Malaysian female swimmer to have won medals at the Asian Games and Asian Swimming Championships, with a total of 2 silver and 2 bronze medals at the 10th Asian Games 1986 Seoul, and a total of 2 silver and 1 bronze medal at the 3rd Asian Swimming Championship (1988) in Guangzhou.

Phyllomedusa trinitatis

The Trinidad leaf frog or Trinidad leaf-nesting frog ("Phyllomedusa trinitatis") is a frog that lives in Trinidad and in mountains in Venezuela near the ocean. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 280 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees and moves around at night. It lives in forests both low to the sea level and high up in mountains. People have seen it in ditches and in other places that human beings have changed. People call this a "bush-dwelling frog" because people see it in bushes, but the frogs are only in these low plants when it is time to lay eggs. The rest of the year, they are high in the trees where the branches meet like a roof, where people do not see it.

Kirov, Kirov Oblast

Kirov () is a city in and the capital of Kirov Oblast in Russia. As of 2020, the city has 518,348 people. It is a historical, cultural, industrial, and scientific center of Priural'e. This city is home to the Dymkovo toys.

The native Slavic tribe of Central Russia and the Volga regions, the Vyatichis. They mixed with the Novgorodian Slovenes and Finno-Ugric people. According to the medieval chronicles, the first settlements of Russia in the area appeared in the 12th century. Kirov was first mentioned as Vyatka for the first time in 1374 when Novgorod ushkuyniks plundered it on their way to Bolghar. Vyatka was governed by a veche as other Northern Russian republics of Pskov Oblast and Novgorod Oblast. At different times in the late 14th and 15th centuries Vyatka militias raided Ustyug, Novgorod and Tatar lands on Kama and Volga. Vyatka supported Yury of Zvenigorod during the Muscovite Civil War and after his party lost the victorious Vasily II sent Muscovite armies twice against Vyatka to subjugate it and eventually it was forced to accept the suzerainty of Moscow while retaining a significant measure of autonomy. In 1469 Vyatka allied with Khan Ibrahim of the Khanate of Kazan and did not take part in the campaign of Ivan III against the khanate.

After several unsuccessful campaigns by Moscow against Vyatka in 1480s, the latter was finally annexed in 1489.

Khlynov became known throughout Russia for its clay small statues and whistles. Kirov's oldest surviving monument is the Assumption Cathedral (1689), an imposing structure inhabiated by 5 globular domes.

In 1780, Catherine the Great renamed the town Vyatka and made it the seat of Vyatka Governorate. Kirov also served as a place of exile, notably for Alexander Herzen, Alexander Vitberg, and Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin. By the end of the 19th century, it was an important train station on the Trans-Siberian railway.

In December 1934, Kirov was renamed after a leader of the Soviet Union, Sergey Kirov, who was assassinated on December 1, 1934. However, whilst the name Kirov has remained since the end of the Soviet Union, some institutions such as the university bear the former name of Vyatka. 
Kirov was located on the Vyatka River of the European part of Russia. It is 896 kilometers northeast of Moscow, 1,384 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 576 kilometers northeast of Nizhny Novgorod, and 851 kilometers northwest of Yekaterinburg.

James Hemings

James Hemings (1765-1801) was an enslaved man from Virginia. He is famous for being Sally Hemings' older brother and for being Thomas Jefferson's chef, or head cook, while he was in Paris. Jefferson freed him when he was 30 years old. He died at age 36. He may have killed himself.

James Hemings was the son of an enslaved woman called Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings and a white man named John Wayles. According to one of her grandchildren, Elizabeth Hemings was Wales' concubine. This means they had a sexual relationship, and she was not his wife.

According to James' nephew, Madison Hemings, Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman who might have been born in Africa. She was enslaved to the Eppes family in Virginia. Historians do not know for sure what her name was. Papers with the names of enslaved women in the Eppes family include "Dinah," "Judy," "Abbie," "Sarah," "Parthenia," and others. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed said that there were many girls named "Thenia" in the Hemings family, and they might have been named after Parthenia. But she also says that "Sally" is a nickname for "Sarah," and there were many girls named "Sarah" and "Sally" in the Hemings family too.

Madison Hemings told the story: Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman and her father was an English sea captain named Hemings. The sea captain tried to buy Elizabeth Hemings from her owner, but the owner said no. He said he wanted to see what a half-white, half-African child would look like. Then Captain Hemings tried to take the child away from the owner without paying, but someone told the owner about his plan. Captain Hemings left Virginia and did not come back.

Captain Hemings tried to take his daughter from one of the men in the Eppes family, but historians do not know which one because they do not know when Elizabeth Hemings was born. One paper says "about 1735." 

Elizabeth Hemings lived at the Eppes family's house, which was called Bermuda Hundred, until 1746. That year, Martha Eppes married John Wayles. Elizabeth and many other enslaved people went with Martha to Wayles' house as part of her marriage settlement. A marriage settlement was any property that a married woman could control and her husband couldn't. In Virginia in the 1700s, many marriage settlements had enslaved people in them. Technically, the Eppes family owned Elizabeth Hemings.

Elizabeth Hemings had 12 children. The father of most of those children, including James, was John Wayles. John Wayles also had children with his wife, Martha Eppes. This made James Hemings the half-brother of Martha Wayles Skelton, who married Thomas Jefferson.

When Martha Wayles Skelton married Jefferson, Hemings and 134 other enslaved people went with Martha Skelton to Jefferson's house at Monticello. They were part of her own marriage settlement. James Hemings was 9 years old.

The Hemings family was the largest family at Monticello. James grew up with his mother, brothers and sisters around him. Unlike other enslaved people, Hemingses did not do much farm work. The women sewed and made clothes. Jefferson hired teachers so the Hemings' boys would learn jobs to do. For example, he paid for Robert Hemings to learn to be a barber.

Historian Annette Gordon-Reed wrote that the Hemings brothers did not live the same way as other enslaved men: Jefferson spent a lot of time away from Monticello. He told his white overseers that, while he was away, they should leave the Hemingses alone. Jefferson let James and his brothers go where they wanted so long as they came back when he told them to. James was allowed to look for jobs in Virginia, choose where to work, and keep his money. There are papers showing James Hemings would rent a horse to ride from town to town. But it was Jefferson who made these choices: The law said James Hemings was a slave. It said James Hemings could only do these things because Jefferson said he could.

Jefferson was elected Governor of Virginia in 1779 during the American Revolutionary War. The capital of Virginia changed. First it was Williamsburg, Virginia and then it was Richmond, Virginia. James and his brother Robert went with Jefferson to Richmond to work for him. When Benedict Arnold led British troops to attack Richmond in 1781, James and Robert took Martha Jefferson and her daughters away from the city.

When Thomas Jefferson went to France to be ambassador, he took James Hemings with him. Because Jefferson was an ambassador, he had to have guests come to his to eat. Those meals had to be very good. Jefferson paid for James Hemings to have cooking lessons from French chefs. One of his teachers was Monsieur Combeaux. Another of his teachers was the same man who cooked for the Prince de Condé. After about 19 months, James Hemings had learned enough to lead the kitchen at Jefferson's Paris house. The house was called the Hôtel de Langeac.

Jefferson paid James Hemings 24 livres a month. Hemings spent some of his money on a tutor so he could learn to speak French very well.

After Jefferson had been in Paris for a while, he wanted his other daughter to come live in Paris too. He wrote to his relatives and told them to send this daughter to Paris from Virginia. She was named Maria, but people called her "Polly." James' sister Sally Hemings came with Polly from Virginia. Sally Hemings fourteen when she arrived in Paris and Polly was nine. Sally Hemings stayed as a paid servant at the Hôtel de Langeac. We do not know when Thomas Jefferson began having sex with Sally Hemings, but she was pregnant when she was sixteen years old.

When James Hemings lived in Paris, Jefferson paid him as if he were a free man. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed says this could be because Jefferson did not want anyone to know Hemings was an enslaved person. The laws of France in the 1770s and 1780s did not allow people to keep slaves in France. People who brought slaves to France had to either send them out of the country or free them within a certain time. Enslaved people who knew about this law could go to the admiralty court and ask the French government to say they were free. The judge at the admiralty court for Paris almost always agreed that the person was free. Gordon-Reed says James Hemings could have stayed in Paris if he had wanted to. There were about 1000 black people living in Paris at the time, and French aristocrats liked to employ them. Hemings could have worked as a chef or cook.

Gordon-Reed says that if Hemings had gone to the admiralty court, Jefferson and the United States would have looked bad in front of the French. She also says that if Jefferson had freed the Hemings brother and sister, it would have made Jefferson and the United States look good in front of the French.

However, neither of these two things happened. According to Sally Hemings and Thomas Jefferson's son, Madison, Sally and James Hemings talked to Jefferson. Jefferson, James Hemings and Sally Hemings made a deal in private: Jefferson promised to free all of Sally Hemings's children, whether he was their father or not. Jefferson promised to free James Hemings after he had taught more people at Monticello how to cook in the French way.

James Hemings came back to America with Jefferson. Soon, Jefferson was made Secretary of State. Again, he needed to have important people over for dinner. James Hemings was his chef. Jefferson paid Hemings the same wage as the free people who worked for him: seven dollars a month. The capital of the United States changed from New York City to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1790. The law of Pennsylvania said that if slave owners brought slaves to Pennsylvania, then those slaves were free after six months. (Enslaved people who ran away to Pennsylvania were not free, even after six months.) James Hemings was in Philidelphia for more than six months. Again, he could have gone to court and asked the judge to say he was a free man if he had wanted to. We do not know why he did not.

While Jefferson and Hemings were in Pennsylvania, Jefferson wrote a contract:

Having been at great expence in having James Hemings taught the art of cookery, desiring to befriend him, and to require from him as little in return as possible, I do hereby promise and declare, that if the said James shall go with me to Monticello in the course of the ensuing winter, when I go to reside there myself, and shall there continue until he shall have taught such person as I shall place under him for that purpose to be a good cook, this previous condition being performed, he shall be thereupon made free, and I will thereupon execute all proper instruments to make him free. Given under my hand and seal in the county of Philadelphia and state of Pennsylvania this 15th. day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety three.

This means:

Because I paid so much money for James Hemings to learn to cook and because I want to be nice to him, I promise I will free James Hemings "if" he comes back to Virginia with me this winter and teaches someone else to be my cook. As soon as he has done this, I will make him free. I will write and sign whatever papers I need to. I am making this agreement as official as I can. We're making this agreement in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 15, 1793.

Jefferson freed James Hemings in 1796 after he had taught his brother Peter to be a chef.

James traveled. He might have gone back to Paris. If he did, he found most of his old friends were dead and the city was very different. Jefferson met him again in Philadelphia.

Jefferson won the United States presidential election of 1800. He wanted James Hemings to come and work for him and be his chef again. He asked a friend to find Hemings in Baltimore and tell him to come north. Hemings sent letters back with the friend, but Jefferson never wrote to James himself. We do not know if Hemings did not want to be President Jefferson's chef or if Jefferson only thought he did not want to. However, James Hemings did work for Jefferson again, at Monticello, in 1801. He was paid $30 for a few weeks of work.

James Hemings died in 1801. It is not clear if he killed himself. One idea was that he died from drinking too much. Gordon-Reed says that head chefs who ran kitchens, like James Hemings did, could become alcoholics. This was because chefs were allowed to drink alcohol from the house kitchens. It was also because there was a lot of pressure in the job. Other historians say that a black man, even a free black men, in the late 1700s and early 1800s had a very, very hard life.

19:03 Ueno Hatsu Yakou Ressha

19:03 Ueno Hatsu Yakou Ressha is an adventure game. It was developed and published by Visit. It was released in Japan on March 4, 1999. It was re-released on August 3, 2000 on the PlayStation.


Maury Laws

Maury Laws (December 6, 1923 – March 28, 2019) was an American television and movie composer from Burlington, North Carolina.

In his teens, Laws performed in local country, jazz and dance bands as a singer and guitarist in his home state of North Carolina. His career was put on hold during World War II, in which he served in the Army.

In 1964, he was hired as music director for the television production company Videocraft International (now known as Rankin/Bass), a post which he held for roughly 20 years. In this capacity, he conducted and scored music for a number of animated features, including "The Hobbit", "Jack Frost", "The Flight of Dragons", "The Daydreamer", "The Wacky World of Mother Goose", "Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town", and "Frosty the Snowman". His most widely known work may be an adaptation of Johnny Marks' score for the well-known Christmas special "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer", first aired in 1964. Laws also did composing work on a 1967 Rankin/Bass theatrical feature, the Halloween-themed "Mad Monster Party?".

Maury Laws died in Appleton, Wisconsin on March 28, 2019.



Tony Selby

Anthony Samuel Selby (26 February 1938 – 5 September 2021) was an English actor. He was born in Lambeth, London, England. His career began in 1956. He played Sabalom Glitz in "Doctor Who" between 1986 until 1987. He played Salter in the 1968 movie "Witchfinder General". He was also in "Mulberry", "Get Some In!" and "EastEnders".

Selby died on 5 September 2021 in London at the age of 83.

Jan Hecker

Jan Hecker (15 February 1967 – 5 September 2021) was a German lawyer and politician. Hecker was an advisor to German Chancellor Angela Merkel. He was a judge at the Federal Administrative Court and an adjunct professor at the European University Viadrina. In late August 2021, Hecker became the Ambassador to the People's Republic of China. Hecker was born in Kiel, West Germany.

Hecker died on 5 September 2021 in Beijing, China at the age of 54.

2020 Sakhir Grand Prix

The 2020 Sakhir Grand Prix is a Grand Prix that took place at Bahrain, Sakhir 1 week after the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix.

The race was won by Sergio Pérez of Racing Point, who took his first Formula One victory and Racing Point's only win as a constructor. Esteban Ocon finished second for the Renault team to claim his first podium in Formula One, while Pérez's teammate Lance Stroll finished third, giving Racing Point their only double podium finish as a constructor. Pérez became the first Mexican Formula One driver to win a race since Pedro Rodríguez won the 1970 Belgian Grand Prix. Racing Point became the first British constructor to win a race since Lotus F1 at the 2013 Australian Grand Prix. Recovering from a first-lap spin, Pérez won having inherited the lead on lap 64 of the race after longtime race leader George Russell fell foul of a pitstop error when Mercedes brought in both of their drivers under the Safety Car which was deployed on lap 62 after Jack Aitken who was substituting for him at Williams for this weekend spun and slammed into the wall on the main straight on the previous lap lap 61 which broke his front wing off and left debris on the circuit which initially forced the Virtual Safety Car (VSC) to be deployed so that the marshals could remove the debris safely, but on the following lap after the VSC had been deployed for roughly a minute, because a convenient gap in the on-circuit traffic could not be found in order to allow the marshals to come out onto the circuit to in order to remove the debris safely the Virtual Safety Car was then upgraded to a full Safety Car in order to create a convenient gap in the on-circuit traffic to allow the marshals to remove the debris safely before he then suffered a late puncture.

With his win Perez also became the 1st ever Formula 1 driver to win a world championship grand prix after running in last place at the end of the opening lap of a world championship grand prix.

Also as the race lasted for 87 laps the event had the highest lap count of a world championship grand prix since the Australian Grand Prix in 1995 which lasted for 81 laps.

Russell drove for Mercedes at this event rather than for his usual team Williams because he substituted for World Champion Lewis Hamilton who was ruled out of the event 4 days before the event started because he was legally required to self-isolate for 7 days after he tested positive for COVID-19 just 1 day after he won the Bahrain Grand Prix on the previous day.

The race also had 1 other Safety Car deployment which lasted from lap 1 to lap 6 after Charles Leclerc collided with Sergio Pérez as he tried to pass him at turn 4 and Max Verstappen then went off and slammed into the wall as he tried to avoid the damaged Ferrari and 1 other Virtual Safety Car (VSC) deployment which lasted for 90 seconds after it was deployed on lap 54 after Nicholas Latifi suffered electrical problems and stopped his car by a access road on the straight after turn 9 and ended on lap 55.

Because of his enforced absence from this event after he tested positive for COVID-19, this was the first race without Lewis Hamilton since the 2006 Brazilian Grand Prix and it was also the first race without Romain Grosjean since the 2012 Italian Grand Prix after he suffered severe burns to his hands and feet in a massive crash on the opening lap of the Bahrain Grand Prix which took place 7 days earlier when he collided with Daniil Kvyat as he tried to pass him coming out of turn 3 and he slammed heavily into the wall and the force of the impact with the armco barrier severed the barrier and tore his car in half before it then caught fire which forced the race to be red flagged for 81 minutes.

Because of his injuries which also ruled him out of the season-closing Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on the following weekend Haas's reserve driver Pietro Fittipaldi substituted for him at both this event and the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix thus this meant that the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix would turn out to be his final Formula One Grand Prix before he announced his retirement from Formula 1 as he moved to compete in the IndyCar Series from 2021 onwards initially on a partial schedule for Dale Coyne Racing which excluded the oval events because of the negative memories of his massive crash at the Bahrain Grand Prix in 2020 which left him with severe burns to his hands and feet.

By substituting for the injured Grosjean at Haas for this event Pietro Fittipaldi became the fifth different member of his family to have started a world championship Formula One Grand Prix after his maternal grandfather and 2 time Formula 1 world champion Emerson Fittipaldi, his great-uncle Wilson Fittipaldi (Emerson's brother), his second cousin Christian Fittipaldi (Wilson's son) and his uncle Max Papis (Emerson's son-in-law because he is married to his youngest daughter from his first marriage Tatiana).

At this event Russell's Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas who took pole position at this event with a time of 53.377 seconds broke the record for the fastest ever pole position lap time at any world championship grand prix in Formula 1 which was previously held by Niki Lauda at the French Grand Prix in 1974 when he took pole position at that event with a time of 58.79 seconds.

This marked only the 2nd time in Formula 1 history since the Formula 1 World Championship started in 1950 that a driver took pole position for a world championship grand prix with a lap time of less than 1 minute.

Results


Trove

Trove is an Australian online library database aggregator and service which includes full text documents, digital images, bibliographic and holdings data of items which are not available digitally, and a free faceted-search engine as a discovery tool. The database includes archives, images, newspapers, official documents, archived websites, manuscripts and other types of data. Hosted by the National Library of Australia in partnership with content providers, including members of the National and State Libraries Australia, it is one of the most well-respected and accessed GLAM services in Australia, with over 70,000 daily users.

In the wake of government funding cuts since 2015, the National Library and other organisations have been struggling to keep up with ensuring that content on Trove is kept flowing through and up to date.

Official Website

Bal Ganesh

Bal Ganesh is the baby form of Lord Ganesh. And is a 2007 computer-animated musical feature film, directed by . The film is about the adventures and hijinks of Lord Ganesh, the Hindu elephant-headed god, when he was a kid.

If—

"If—" is a poem by English Nobel laureate Rudyard Kipling (1865–1936), that was written circa 1895. It was written as a tribute to Leander Starr Jameson. It is a literary example of Victorian-era stoicism.


Greenwashing

Greenwashing or green-washing is when people or businesses say their products are good for the environment when they are not. Greenwashing has become more common. Some scholars say people are less likely to trust advertising that talks about the environment than they used to be.

Companies have used greenwashing about air pollution and other environmental concerns. Big companies and corporations learned how to make money from the fact that customers cared about the environment. They had marketing teams advertise their products and services as environmentally beneficial. However, many of these products and services were bad for the environment.


Hindu deities

Hindu deities are the gods and goddesses in Hinduism. The terms for deity within the diverse traditions of Hinduism vary, and include Deva, Devi, Ishvara, Ishvari, Bhagavān and Bhagavati. Being gods and/or deities, they very much intertwine with Greek gods, goddesses, and mythology. Some Hindu deities include:

Shiva, (Siva) is one of the most important gods and is considered a member of the holy trinity (trimurti) of Hinduism with Brahma and Vishnu. A complex character, he may represent goodness, benevolence and serve as the Protector.

Vishnu, is the god of Preservation, the great maintainer who appears in various incarnations (avatara) to provide salvation for humanity. Some of his best-known avatars, who are tremendously popular and beloved throughout Hindu India, are the gods Krishna and Rama.

Ganesha, also spelled Ganesh, also called Ganapati, elephant-headed Hindu god of beginnings, who is traditionally worshipped before any major enterprise and is the patron of intellectuals, bankers, scribes, and authors.

Krishna is a major deity in Hinduism. He is worshipped as the eighth avatar of Vishnu and also as the supreme God in his own right. He is the god of protection, compassion, tenderness, and love and is one of the most popular and widely revered among Indian divinities.

Durga, is a major deity in Hinduism. She is worshipped as a principal aspect of the mother goddess Devi and is one of the most popular and widely revered among Indian divinities. She is associated with protection, strength, motherhood, destruction and wars.

Lakshmi, is the consort of the god Vishnu. She is one of the most popular goddesses of Hindu mythology and is known as the goddess of wealth and purity.

Brahma, is the first god in the Hindu triumvirate, or trimurti. The triumvirate consists of three gods who are responsible for the creation, upkeep and destruction of the world. The other two gods are Vishnu and Shiva. Vishnu is the preserver of the universe, while Shiva's role is to destroy it in order to re-create.

Hanuman, is a divine vanara companion of the god Rama. Hanuman is one of the central characters of the epic Ramayana. He is an ardent devotee of Rama and one of the chiranjivis.

Rama is an incarnation of Vishnu, God of Protection. Vishnu is one of a trinity of the three most important Hindu gods – Brahma the creator, Vishnu the protector, and Shiva the destroyer. Vishnu has had nine incarnations on earth as different beings. One of these is as Rama.

Kali goddess of time, doomsday, and death, or the black goddess (the feminine form of Sanskrit kala, “time-doomsday-death” or “black”)

Saraswati is the goddess of knowledge, music, art, speech, wisdom, and learning. She is a part of the tridevi of Saraswati, Lakshmi, and Parvati.

Indra, the king of the gods. He is one of the main gods of the Rigveda and is the Indo-European cousin of the German Wotan, Norse Odin, Greek Zeus, and Roman Jupiter. In early religious texts, Indra plays a variety of roles.

Kartikeya, also known as Skanda, Kumara, Murugan, Mahasena, Shanmukha and Subrahmanya, is the Hindu god of war. He is a son of Parvati and Shiva, brother of Ganesha, and a god whose life story has many versions in Hinduism.

Agni, fire-god of Hinduism, second only to Indra in the Vedic mythology of ancient India. He is equally the fire of the sun, of lightning, and of both the domestic and the sacrificial hearth.

Parvati, (Uma or Gauri) is the Hindu goddess of fertility, love, beauty, harmony, marriage, children, and devotion; as well as of divine strength and power.

Varuna, in the Vedic phase of Hindu mythology, the god-sovereign, the personification of divine authority. He is the ruler of the sky realm and the upholder of cosmic and moral law (rita), a duty shared with the group of gods known as the Adityas (see Aditi), of whom he was the chief.

Vayu, is a primary Hindu deity, the lord of the winds as well as deity of breath and the spiritual father of Hanuman and Bhima.

Radha, also called Radhika, is a Hindu goddess and a consort of the god Krishna. She is worshiped as the goddess of love, tenderness, compassion and devotion. She is considered an avatar of Lakshmi and is also described as the chief of gopis (milkmaids).

Sita, is the heroine of the epic Ramayana and its other versions. She is described as the daughter of Bhūmi (the earth) and the adopted daughter of King Janaka of Videha and his wife, Queen Sunayana.

Surya, Surya (also known as Aditya) is the Hindu god of the Sun. He is considered the creator of the universe and the source of all life. He is the supreme soul who brings light and warmth to the world.

Rudra is a Rigvedic deity associated with wind or storm, Vayu and the hunt. One translation of the name is 'the roarer'. In the Rigveda, Rudra is praised as the 'mightiest of the mighty'. Rudra means "who eradicates problems from their roots".

Shakti, In Hinduism, every god has a Shakti, or energy force. It's one of the reasons she is worshipped by millions of people throughout India. Shakti is also known as Parvati, Durga, and Kali, She's an archetype who you might call upon for strength, fertility, and power.

Yama, the god of the dead. The Vedas describe him as the first man who died, blazing the path of mortality down which all humans have since followed. He is the guardian of the south (the region of death) and presides over the resting place of the dead, which is located under the earth.

Prajapati, the great creator deity of the Vedic period of ancient India. In the post-Vedic age he came to be identified with the Hindu god Brahma.

Flyby (spaceflight)

When talking about spaceflight, a flyby is when a spacecraft passes close to another object, and takes some measurements, or pictures. Sometimes, the spacecraft uses the other object to gain speed or to change direction, in an operation called gravity assist.

Spacecraft that are specially designed for this task are known as flyby spacecraft. Important parameters of a flyby are the time and the distance of the closest approach.

Flyby maneuvers can be done with a planet, a natural satellite or a non-planetary object such as a small Solar System body.

Planetary flybys have occurred with Mars or Earth amongst others.

The "New Horizons" spacecraft did a fly by the Kuiper belt object 486958 Arrokoth on New Year's Day 2019, after its successful flyby of the dwarf planet Pluto in 2015.

On the night of December 31, 2018 to the morning of January 1, 2019 New Horizons performed the most distant flyby to date, of the Kuiper belt object Arrokoth. New Horizons previously did a flyby of Pluto in July 2015, and that was at about 32.9 AU (astronomical units) from the Sun, while the New Year's Day 2019 flyby of the Kuiper object Arrokoth was at 43.6 AU.

"Cassini-Huygens" (launched 1997) orbited Saturn from 2004-2017. It performed flybys of many of Saturn's moons including Titan. "Cassini-Huygen"s had its first flyby of Titan in October 2004.

Cassini conducted many flybys at various distances of the moons of Saturn. It achieved 126 flybys of Titan, and its final close flyby was on April 22, 2017 before its retirement.

An animation of the "Cassini" spacecraft trajectory around Saturn over 10 years, during which it passed closely by many moons of Saturn, is at right.

International Cometary Explorer (ISEE-3) passed through the plasma tail of comet Giacobini-Zinner doing a flyby of the distance of of the nucleus on September 11, 1985.

In 2010, the Deep Impact spacecraft, on the EPOXI mission did a flyby of comet Hartley 2.

Flyby is also used to describe when, for example, an asteroid approaches and flies by the Earth.

This was also the term for when a comet did a flyby of Mars in 2014.

P/2016 BA14 was radar imaged at distance of from Earth in 2016, during its flyby. This enabled the size of the nucleus to be calculated to about in diameter.

On December 16, 2018 the short period comet 46P/Wirtanen had its closest approach of Earth, coming within (one of its closest approaches to Earth).

List of ongoing armed conflicts

This is a list of ongoing armed conflicts.

<br>

Nella Linhas Aéreas

Nella Linhas Aéreas, is a low-cost airline carrier of Brazil. It was founded in 2020 and its headquarters are in Brasília. And it will start operating in 2022.


South Kingstown, Rhode Island

South Kingstown is the county seat of Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. South Kingstown is bordered by Block Island Sound to the south.

Burke, Texas

Burke is a city in Angelina County, Texas, United States.

Diboll, Texas

Diboll is a city in Angelina County, Texas, United States.

Hudson, Texas

Hudson is a city in Angelina County, Texas, United States.

Huntington, Texas

Huntington is a city in Angelina County, Texas, United States.

Zavalla, Texas

Zavalla is a city in Angelina County, Texas, United States.

Animal Diversity Web

Animal Diversity Web (ADW) is an online database of the natural history, classification, species characteristics, conservation biology, and distribution information on many species of animals. 

The website includes many photographs, hundreds of sound clips, and a virtual museum. This is a project that started at the University of Michigan.


ARKive

ARKive was a data system to help conserve the world's threatened species. It used "the power of wildlife imagery", 

The archive has films, photographs and audio recordings of the world's species in a centralised digital archive. Its priority was the 17,000 species on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species at that time.

The project was an initiative of Wildscreen, a UK-registered educational charity, based in Bristol. 

The website closed on 15 February 2019. It kept its collection of images and videos stored in its archive.



Barcode of Life Data Systems

The Barcode of Life Data System (commonly known as BOLD or BOLDSystems) is a web platform specifically devoted to DNA barcoding.

It is a database and analysis system developed at the Centre for Biodiversity Genomics in Canada. 

Xenosaga Freaks

Xenosaga Freaks (Japanese: ゼノサーガ フリークス) is a Japanese Adventure and Puzzle game, developed by Monolith Soft, and published by Namco. It released on PlayStation 2 (PS2) on April 28, 2004 only in Japan,

The title contains two original Xenosaga themed games: "Ze of Komi." Encyclopedia of "Xenosaga and Xenosaga Episode II" trial version of the game.

(an adventure game with 7 playable characters), Pittan (a puzzle game based on the Namco ""),

Interim Register of Marine and Nonmarine Genera

The Interim Register of Marine and Nonmarine Genera (IRMNG) is a database of life. 

It includes published scientific names for all domains of life from 1758 in zoology (1753 in plants, flowers, and trees) up to the present. It has a consistent order. The database holds over 1.7 million species names (1.3 million listed as "accepted").

The database was created by Australian biologist and data manager Tony Rees in 2006. For his work on this and other projects, the Global Biodiversity Information Facility awarded him the 2014 Ebbe Nielsen Prize. IRMNG identifiers have also been associated with numerous Wikipedia taxon pages, based on content harvested from IRMNG and stored in Wikidata.


Matej Marin

Matej Marin (2 July 1980 – 5 September 2021) was a Slovenian professional racing cyclist. He rode professionally between 2003 and 2015 for the Perutnina Ptuj and Felbermayr–Simplon Wels teams. He rode at the 2013 UCI Road World Championships.

Marin died on 5 September 2021 at the age of 41.

Dan Swecker

Daniel P. Swecker (February 28, 1947 – September 1, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Washington State Senate from the 20th district from 1995 to 2013. He was a Republican. Swecker was born in Bozeman, Montana.

Swecker died on September 1, 2021 from pneumonia caused by COVID-19 at the age of 74.

Léonard Groguhet

Léonard Groguhet (1939 – 4 September 2021) was an Ivorian actor and humorist. 

He was born in Daloa in 1939. Groguhet studied at the Centre National d'Art Dramatique. He appeared on the Ivorian television series "Ma Famille" between 2002 until 2007.

In 1961, Léonard joined the in Paris. He studied there for three years. His last university was the Université Internationale du Théâtre. He stuied there from 1966 to 1968.

In 1969, he started to work for Radiodiffusion Television Ivoirienne. Léonard became a director of the programs such as "Le Stop dans le vent", "Télé-week-end", and "Comment ça va ?". 

Groguhet died on 4 September 2021.

Jörg Schlaich

Jörg Schlaich (17 October 1934 – 4 September 2021) was a German structural engineer. He was a co-founder of the structural engineering and consulting firm Schlaich Bergermann Partner. He was known for designing the Olympic Stadium, Munich, Gottlieb-Daimler-Stadion and Solar updraft tower.

Schlaich died on 4 September 2021 at the age of 86.

Olympiastadion (Munich)

Olympiastadion () is a stadium located in Munich, Germany. It is in the middle of the "Olympiapark München" in northern Munich. The stadium was built as the main venue for the 1972 Summer Olympics.

MHPArena

MHPArena () is a stadium located in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany and home to German Bundesliga club VfB Stuttgart.

Before 1993 it was called Neckarstadion , named after the nearby river Neckar and between 1993 and July 2008 it was called Gottlieb-Daimler-Stadion . From the 2008–09 season, the stadium was renamed the Mercedes-Benz Arena. On 1 July 2023, it was renamed the "MHPArena".

Albert Giger

Albert Giger (7 October 1946 – 4 September 2021) was a Swiss cross country skier. He competed in the early 1970s. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. He was as well a 5-times winner of the Engadin Skimarathon.

Giger died on 4 September 2021 at the age of 74.


Penne-d'Agenais

Penne-d'Agenais (Languedocien: "Pena d’Agenés") is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.

Marcel Garrouste

Marcel Garrouste (22 April 1921 – 5 September 2021) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). He was a member of the National Assembly from 1978 to 1986 and again from 1988 to 1993. He was also Mayor of Penne-d'Agenais from 1971 to 1983. Garroust was born in Trémons, France.

Garroust turned 100 in April 2021 and died five months later on 5 September 2021.

Claude Azéma

Claude Joseph Azéma (5 July 1943 – 6 September 2021) was a French Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Vailhauquès, France. He became a priest in 1969. He was the Bishop of Montpellier from 2003 until 2018. 

Azéma died on 6 September 2021 in Montpellier at the age of 78.

Vailhauquès

Vailhauquès (; ) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.

In the Line of Fire

In the Line of Fire is a 1993 American political action thriller movie directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It stars Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich and Rene Russo. The movie is about a crazy former CIA agent who tries to assassinate the President of the United States and the Secret Service agent who tracks him. The movie also stars Dylan McDermott, Gary Cole, John Mahoney, and Fred Dalton Thompson.

"In the Line of Fire" was co-produced by Columbia Pictures and Castle Rock Entertainment. The movie earned three nominations at the 66th Academy Awards.

French New Wave

The New Wave () is a French art movie movement that began in the late 1950s. The movement was known for not following normal filmmaking methods. During this era, many movies experimented on editing, visual style, and storytelling. The New Wave is often seen as one of the most important movements in the history of cinema.

Carlos Vila Nova

Carlos Manuel Vila Nova (born 27 July 1959) is a São Toméan politician. Vila Nova is the President of São Tomé and Príncipe. He was Minister of Public Works and Natural Resources from 2010 until 2012 and Minister of Infrastructure, Natural Resources and the Environment from 2014 until 2018.

He was the Independent Democratic Action candidate for the 2021 presidential election. On 6 September, he was elected president of São Tomé and Príncipe.

Ernie Watts

Ernest James Watts (born October 23, 1945) is an American jazz and rhythm and blues saxophonist. He worked with Charlie Haden's Quartet West and toured with the Rolling Stones. His best known single was "The One You Love". Watts played on soundtracks for the movies "Grease" and "The Color Purple" and on the theme song for the TV show "Night Court".

Jack Rule Jr.

Jack D. Rule Jr. (born November 13, 1938) is an American professional golfer. He played on the PGA Tour in the 1960s. Rule was born in Mason City, Iowa. He beat Jack Nicklaus in the 1956 U.S. Junior Amateur semi-finals.

Rule won twice on the PGA Tour, the 1963 St. Paul Open Invitational and the 1965 Oklahoma City Open Invitational.

William Taubman

William Chase Taubman (born November 13, 1941) is an American political scientist. He is known for writing "". It won the Pulitzer Prize for Biography in 2004. He was born in New York City.


Gilbert Strang

William Gilbert Strang (born November 27, 1934) is an American mathematician. His works focused on finite element theory, the calculus of variations, wavelet analysis and linear algebra. He teaches Introduction to Linear Algebra, Computational Science and Engineering, and Matrix Methods at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Dave Giusti

David John Giusti, Jr. (born November 27, 1939) is an American former professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a right-handed pitcher. His career lasted from 1962 to 1977. He was known for playing with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He won five National League Eastern Division titles and the World Series in 1971.

Seneca Falls (CDP), New York

Seneca Falls is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Seneca County, New York, United States.

Seneca Falls, New York

Seneca Falls is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 9,027 at the 2020 census.

Nicole Brossard

Nicole Brossard (born November 27, 1943) is a Canadian formalist poet and novelist. Her work is known for focusing on feminist themes.

Randy Brecker

Randal Edward Brecker (born November 27, 1945) is an American trumpeter, flugelhornist, and composer. In 1977 he founded the jazz club "Seventh Avenue South". He won six Grammy Awards.

Cheltenham Township, Pennsylvania

Cheltenham Township is a home rule township in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 37,452 at the 2020 U.S. Census. It is the third most populous township in Montgomery County.

Elkins Park, Pennsylvania

Elkins Park is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is split between Cheltenham and Abington Townships in the northern suburbs of Philadelphia.

Joe Pepitone

Joseph Anthony Pepitone (October 9, 1940 – March 13, 2023) was a Major League Baseball first baseman and outfielder. His playing career lasted from 1962 until 1973. He was known for playing for the New York Yankees, Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros and the Atlanta Braves.

Pepitone died at his daughter's home in Kansas City, Missouri on March 13, 2023, at the age of 82.


Acute coronary syndrome

Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is a syndrome (a set of signs and symptoms) caused by low blood flow in the coronary arteries such that part of the heart muscle. The most common symptom is chest pain.

Chest pain

Chest pain is pain or discomfort in the chest, usually in the front of the chest. It may be sharp or heavy pains. It can be caused by heart-related and non-heart-related problems. Pain is caused by not enough blood flow to the heart. 

Coronary arteries

The coronary arteries are the arterial blood vessels of coronary circulation. It moves oxygenated blood to the heart muscle. The heart needs constant supply of oxygen to work and survive, much like any other tissue or organ of the body. The coronary arteries wrap around the entire heart. The two main branches are the left coronary artery (LCA) and right coronary artery (RCA).

Keshav Desiraju

Keshav Desiraju (11 May 1955 – 5 September 2021) was an Indian public servant and mental health activist. He was the union health secretary of India. He was known for his works to mental health and community healthcare. He helped write the mental healthcare act of 2017. Desiraju worked for the Indian Administrative Service. He was born in Mumbai, India.

Desiraju died on 5 September 2021 in Chennai, India from acute coronary syndrome at the age of 66.

E. William Henry

Emil William Henry (March 4, 1929 – January 31, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He was chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from June 2, 1963 to May 1, 1966 during the John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson presidencies. Henry is a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

Henry died on January 31, 2022 in Memphis, almost one month before his 93rd birthday.

Charles D. Ferris

Charles Daniel Ferris (born April 9, 1933, died February 16, 2024) is an American lawyer and former government official. He was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to chair the Federal Communications Commission in 1977. He left office in 1981.

Michael Copps

Michael Joseph Copps (born April 23, 1940) is a former Commissioner of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC), an independent agency of the United States government. He was sworn in on May 31, 2001 and served until December 31, 2011.


List of Federal Communications Commission chairs

The following is a list of the chairs of the Federal Communications Commission.

Street Fighter IV

Street Fighter IV is a 2008 fighting video game, published by Capcom and co-developed by Dimps. It is the fourth entry of "Street Fighter" series, and also the first of original main entry, which since "Street Fighter III" in 1997, a hiatus of eleven years.

Frank Plumpton Ramsey

Frank Plumpton Ramsey (; 22 February 1903 – 19 January 1930) was a British philosopher, mathematician, and economist. He made major contributions to all three fields before his death at the age of 26. He was a close friend of Ludwig Wittgenstein. He translated Wittgenstein's "Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus" into English. He also had great effect in getting Wittgenstein to come back to philosophy and Cambridge.

After Love (1948 movie)

After Love (French: Après l'amour) is a 1948 French drama movie directed by Maurice Tourneur and was based on the 1924 play of the same name by Pierre Wolff and Henri Duvernois. It stars Pierre Blanchar, Simone Renant, Giselle Pascal, Gabrielle Fontan, Fernand Fabre, Michel Lemoine.

New Hebrides

New Hebrides, officially the New Hebrides Condominium (, "Condominium of the New Hebrides") and named for the Hebrides Scottish archipelago, was the colonial name for the island group in the South Pacific Ocean that is now Vanuatu. In 1980, New Hebrides gained its independence and later became known as the Republic of Vanuatu.

Hanuba Hanubi Paan Thaaba

The "Hanuba Hanubi Paan Thaaba" (English: Old Man and Old Woman planting Taro) or "Hanubi Hentak! Hanuba Hentak!" is a Meitei folktale originated from Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).

Once there was a childless old couple, who used to treat a group of monkeys, from the nearby forest, kindly like their own children. One day, the old couple was planting taro plants ("paan" or "paal" in Meitei) in their kitchen garden. Seeing that, the monkeys told the two that it was actually not the right way to plant taros. They told the two that the best peeled off tubers of the taros should initially be boiled in a pot until softened and after getting cooled, these should be planted by wrapping in the banana leaves tightly. The old couple believed the monkeys and they did so as suggested. In the midnight, the monkeys relished all the cooked taros from the garden. And in place of all those delicious taros, they uprooted some inedible giant wild taros from somewhere and planted them in the garden. 
In the next morning, the old couple were surprised at the sudden growth of the taros they had planted the previous day. The two immediately prepared a dish of the recently full grown taros and ate them. But as soon as they gulped some, both felt a tingling sensation in their throat. Unable to bear the allergy, both asked to give "hentak" (a traditional edible paste made from fish meat and some vegetables) to each other. It was only after they had the hentak that their allergy was cured. Realising that the monkeys had tricked them, the two devised a plan for revenge. And according to the plan, the old man ("hanuba" in Meitei) pretended to be dead, and the old woman ("hanubi" in Meitei) cried out loudly to make the monkeys hear her cry. Then, the monkeys came there and asked the old woman what had happened. She told them that the old man died after eating the taros. She asked them to help her taking the old man's body out in the lawn. All the monkeys, unaware of the plan, came inside the house. As soon as they came near the old man, he took up his stick and started beating them. Frightened, they all ran away. The old couple knew that the monkeys would surely come back. So, they climbed up on the attic and hid there. When the monkeys arrived, the attic broke and felt upon them. Thus, they fled the spot. Fearing that they might come back again, the old couple hid inside a large pot. When the monkeys came back, the old man started to fart slowly. Then, the old woman also farted but she did in an uncontrollable way that the pot banged on. The banging sound was too loud that the monkeys fled the spot and never came back.

"Hanubi Hentak", an animation feature film, based on the folktale, was produced by the PUPU FOLKs TV in 2017.

"Paan Thaaba" ("Planting Taro"), a play directed by Dr. Usham Rojio, based on the folktale, was premiered in MDU on 15th of August, 2018.


Trémons

Trémons is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.

Eugene N. Borza

Eugene N. Borza (3 March 1935 – 5 September 2021) was an American historian and academic. He was the professor emeritus of ancient history at Pennsylvania State University, where he taught from 1964 until 1995. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was president of the Association of Ancient Historians for six years, from 1984 to 1989.

Borza died on 5 September 2021 in State College, Pennsylvania at the age of 86.

Enrique González Pedrero

Enrique González Pedrero (7 April 1930 – 6 September 2021) was a Mexican politician, diplomat and writer. He was a member of both Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) parties. He was a Senator from 1970 until 1976. He was Governor of Tabasco from 1982 until 1987. From 1997 until 2000, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies.

From 1989 until 1991, Gonzalez Pedrero was the Ambassador to Spain during the Carlos Salinas de Gortari presidency. He was a campaign advisor for future president Andrés Manuel López Obrador's first presidential campaign in 2006. He was born in Villahermosa, Mexico.

González Pedrero died on 6 September 2021 in Villahermosa, aged 91.

Villahermosa

Villahermosa ( , ; "Beautiful Village") is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Tabasco. 353,577 people lived here in the 2010 census. The city is about southeast from Mexico City.

Pflugerville, Texas

Pflugerville () is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States. The population was 61,737 at the 2020 census.

Only God Forgives

Only God Forgives is a 2013 action movie written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. Ryan Gosling, Kristin Scott Thomas, Vithaya Pansringarm and Rhatha Phongam are in it. Refn filmed the movie in Bangkok, Thailand. The 2013 Cannes Film Festival showed the movie.

Phyllomedusa bahiana

Phyllomedusa bahiana is a frog that lives in Bahia and Brazil. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 280 and 1000 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests near bodies of water that do not dry up. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over the water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in a large place. Some of the places it lives are protected parks.

Josif Runjanin

Josif Runjanin was a Serbian soldier and composer. He was born on December 8, 1821 in Vinkovci. He died on February 2, 1878 in Novi Sad. He is known for composing the Serbian national anthem. There are many schools in Serbia that are named after him. One of them is the elementary Music School of Josip Runjanin in Vinkovci.

Asiatic Society of Bangladesh

Established in 1952, the Asiatic Society had been known as Asiatic Society of Pakistan, and since 1972 renamed as Asiatic Society of Bangladesh. In establishing the Society, the leading role was played by Ahmad Hasan Dani, the great archaeologist and Indologist of world repute. Other scholars involved in the foundation of the Society were Muhammad Shahidullah, ABM Habibullah, Abdul Halim, and many others. The founding scholars of the Society intended to make the organisation a centre of learning specialising on Asian studies.

The Asiatic Society of Bangladesh is a non political and non profit research organization registered under both Society Act of 1864 and NGO Bureau, Government of Bangladesh. A premier learned organisation in the country, the Society is managed by a 17-member council elected by members. The tenure is for two years. While the day-to-day affairs are managed by the General Secretary and Secretary, the policy matters are being discussed and adopted by the Council. There are several standing subject committees to help the Council implementing its policies. The Council meets mandatorily at least once a month. The office bearers and members of the Council work on honourary basis.

Jeffrey Garcia

Jeffrey Garcia is an American stand-up comedian, actor and voice actor. He was born on May 3, 1977 in La Puente, California, United States. He was the voice of Sheen Estevez in "Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius", and its two Nickelodeon spin-off television show series "" and "Planet Sheen". She was also the voice of Pip the Mouse in "Barnyard" and its spin-off television show series "Back at the Barnyard".

Zahra Rahnavard

Zahra Rahnavard (; born Zohreh Kazemi; 19 August 1945) is an Iranian university professor, artist and politician. Rahnavard was put under house arrest from February 2011 to May 2018. According to "Foreign Policy" magazine, she was one of the world's most important thinkers. She is the wife of former Iran Prime Minister Mir Hussein Musavi. In part of her work, she told that men should respect laws of Islamic head coverings the same way women do. She also works for women's rights in the middle east.

Rahnavard was born in Boroojerd, Iran. Her father, Haj-Fathali, was a Sh'ia Muslim and against Communism. After hearing of a gathering of Sh'ia religious leaders in Iran, Haj-Fathali moved the family to Khomein, Markazi Province where Zahra was raised.

Zahra Rahnavard earned her bachelor's and master's degrees in art and architecture from the University of Tehran. She also has master's and PhD degrees from Islamic Azad University in Political science.

Rahnavard was one of the people who tried to stop the Shah from being leader of Iran. In the last years of the Shah, Rahnavard was close to Ali Shariati. Shariati was a Islamist leader who was against the kind of government that stops freedom.

Rahnavard was a Chancellor at Alzahra University in Tehran from 1998 to 2006. She was also Political Adviser to the former Iranian President Mohammad Khatami. Rahnavard was the first Iranian woman appointed as a chancellor of a university since the Iranian Revolution in 1979. Former Minister of Science, Research and Technology, Mostafa Moin nominated her for the job as chancellor.

After the election of president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2005. government officials who wanted to reform the government were. Rahnavard was removed (or resigned) from her position as the Chancellor of Al-zahra University in 2006. She was replaced by Mahboubeh Mobasheri.

In 2009, she was an active member of her husband Mir-Hossein Mousavi's campaign. when Mousavi entered the 2009 presidential election. Now she is a member of The Green Path of Hope and is one of the leaders of opposition.

Rahnavard is also the author of 15 books.

Rahnavard is the wife of Mir-Hossein Mousavi. Mousavi is the former Prime Minister of Iran. They had three daughters: Kokab, Narges, and Zahra. She and Mousavi married on September 18, 1969. They are now under house arrest.

Edgar de Wahl

Edgar Alexei Robert von Wahl or de Wahl (23 August 1867 – 9 March 1948) was a Baltic German teacher, mathematician and linguist. He is most famous for being the creator of Interlingue (known as Occidental throughout his life), a naturalistic constructed language based on the Indo-European languages, which was initially published in 1922.

Edgar de Wahl was born in Kherson and spent his early childhood in Ukraine. Later, he moved with his family to Tallinn and then to Saint Petersburg, where he studied and served in the Imperial Russian Navy. After that, he worked as a teacher in Tallinn from 1894. When his home in Tallinn was bombed in 1943, he was imprisoned by Nazi troops. He refused to adhere to Heim ins Reich and was released in 1944 after his friends requested his transfer to a hospital due to his mental health issues. He died in a psychiatric hospital in 1948.

De Wahl was first introduced to interlinguistics through Volapük, which his father's colleague Waldemar Rosenberger introduced him to. He composed a lexicon of marine terminology for the language before turning to Esperanto in 1888. He supported Esperanto and influenced the early work on its grammar and vocabulary along with the ophthalmologist L.L. Zamenhof. After the failure of Reformed Esperanto, which he supported, he started creating his ideal form of an international language. In 1922, de Wahl published a "key" to a new language, Occidental, and the first edition of the periodical Kosmoglott (later Cosmoglotta). He developed the language over several decades with input from its speakers but became estranged from the movement centered in Switzerland from 1939 after the start of World War II. Later, he joined the Committee of Linguistic Advisors, part of the International Auxiliary Language Association, which presented Interlingua in 1951.

Edgar de Wahl was a member of the Päinurme line of the Wahl noble family. Edgar de Wahl's great-grandfather was Carl Gustav von Wahl, who bought the Pajusi, Tapiku and Kavastu manors and was also the owner of Kaave Manor for a short time. Carl Gustav von Wahl had a total of 14 children from two marriages, from whom different Wahl lines started. Of them, Edgar von Wahl's grandfather Alexei von Wahl, a civil servant who bought Päinurme manor in 1837, laid the foundation for the Päinurme line. Also, he was a tenant at Taevere Manor, where Edgar's father Oskar von Wahl was born.

Edgar Alexei Robert (born von Wahl) was born on August 23, 1867 to Oskar von Wahl and Lydia Amalie Marie (married 1866 in Tallinn), in what is now Pervomaisk, Mykolaiv Oblast in Ukraine (then in the Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire). The Wahl family had moved to Ukraine after his, a railway engineer, started work on the Odesa-Balta-Kremenchuk-Kharkov railway in 1866. By 1869, the Wahl family had moved to Kremenchuk, where de Wahl's brother Arthur Johann Oskar was born in 1870. After that, the family moved to Tallinn, where Wahl's two sisters were born - Lydia Jenny Cornelia in 1871 and Harriet Marie Jenny in 1873. The family later moved to Saint Petersburg where the third sister Jenny Theophile was born in 1877.

During his boyhood, de Wahl learnt several languages; he became fluent in German, Russian, Estonian and French. In upper secondary school he studied Latin and ancient Greek, and Spanish at university. In addition to these, throughout his life he was able to make himself understood in nine other languages. de Wahl had an interest in creating languages from a young age:
Even in my youth, I had the idea of constructing a language. Full of stories from Cooper, Gustave Aimard etc, I played American Indians with my friends, and conceived the idea of a special quasi-Indian jargon for our games. It was made of indian words taken from stories, and completed with other necessary words taken from diverse other languages. It had a grammar composed of mixed Ancient Greek and Estonian. This language was never used because my friends refused to learn it.

In 1892 de Wahl volunteered to serve in the Russian Navy. During his service, he travelled a lot, visiting the Caribbean islands and the United States among other places. In early 1894, he received the rank of Michman (Russian: мичман) and retired shortly after that.[8] In the summer of 1904, de Wahl was again called to active service. He served in the Baltic Fleet until October 1905, although he did not participate in the battles of the Russo-Japanese War.

According to the life stories of Estonian artist Olev Mikiver [et; sv], who knew de Wahl as a youth, de Wahl had been very proud of his Tsarist-era officer's uniform and sometimes even wore it later:

It is, however, unlikely that de Wahl participated in the stopping the Sveaborg rebellion, having already been released from service by then. He may have been called to active service during the First World War.

During his service in the Russian Navy, de Wahl was awarded the 2nd and 3rd rank of the Order of Saint Stanislav and the 3rd rank of the Order of Saint Anne. After getting the Estonian citizenship at the end of 1920 de Wahl was from 1921 also registered as a reserve officer of the Republic of Estonia.

In 1894, de Wahl moved to Tallinn, where he spent most of the rest of his life. That autumn, he started working as a teacher of mathematics and physics at St. Peter's High School of Science (now the Tallinn Secondary School of Science). Later he taught drawing at run by Baronness Elisabeth von der Howen, the , and the Tallinn Cathedral School. His teaching was interrupted only by his military service.

De Wahl's teaching style was described in the memoirs of the later Estonian Minister of Education Aleksander Veiderma, who himself studied at St Peter's High School of Science from 1906 to 1909:

English translation:

Mathematics and physics were also taught by Edgar von Wahl, a former naval officer who always had some interesting statements about an event or person. He was very messy in conducting physics experiments: utensils or glass often broke. His attitude towards students was simple, which is also proven true by the nickname Sass.

–Memoirs of Aleksander Veiderma

At the turn of the century, de Wahl's began to publish articles on linguistics in specialized publications, as well as writing in various Tallinn newspapers and magazines. Since 1898, de Wahl had been a member of the "Estonian Literature Society" (German: "Ehstländische Literärische Gesellschaft"), a German-language association that regularly organised presentations by and for its members. Under the pseudonym Julian Prorók, he published a booklet "Ketzereien: Keimzellen einer Philosophie" ("Heresies: Gametes of a Philosophy") in 1906 about his vision of global developments.

De Wahl also entered politics before the outbreak of World War I. In 1913 he was elected to the Tallinn city council, and became a member of the council committee for the protection of monuments of ancient buildings. Despite his teaching position, de Wahl did not address education issues on the City Council. He was an active attendee at council meetings, but spoke little.

After the start of World War I, the Germans living in the Russian Empire were subjected to repression, from which did not completely escape; the , of which de Wahl had been a member, was closed. In autumn 1914, he found himself at the centre of a propaganda campaign to change German place names. As a city councillor, he participated in discussions on the renaming of the city of Tallinn, following Mayor Jaan Poska's proposal replace its name with the Old Russian-language "Kolyvan" (in the discussion of the matter, the incorrect name "Kalyvan" was used). discovered that the oldest names of the city were "Ledenets" or "Lindanisa". He was interested in how much it would cost to change the name, which was said to have been met with "general laughter" at the council. The votes required to change the name were eventually reached by the council, but the change itself did not take place.

De Wahl was elected to the city council held just before the February Revolution in 1917. On the new council, he became a member of the city's fire department, public education, and pawnshop affairs committees, and continued as a member of the committee for the protection of monuments of ancient buildings. However, in August 1917, a new council was elected, and 's political activities ceased.

In February 1918, at the time of the Estonian Declaration of Independence, expressed a desire to join the voluntary militia Omakaitse. As a student who wrote weapon permits for volunteers: "Among those who wanted to make weapons, I only remember one: my physics teacher, von Wahl. I think I remember it because of the mood that might have arisen in the soul of a young student when his teacher asks him for a weapon."

In 1919, the Secondary School of Science was divided by language: the Tallinn High School of Science taught in Estonian and the Tallinn German High School of Science taught in German. continued as a professor at the latter, where he taught classes in mathematics, physics, geography, cosmography, and drawing. He had a house on Eha Street, not far from the school, where students often went for follow-up work. He had designed this house in a marine style and it was therefore nicknamed the "cabin" by his students. Among his students, was a popular teacher who was particularly dedicated to teaching geography since he had travelled extensively. The students were impressed by the fact that was a member of the English Club, which operated at the school.

De Wahl sometimes clashed with his colleagues, openly expressing his distaste for modern art, for instance comparing it to communism when invited to an art exhibition by the school's art teacher. retired in the mid-1920s, but continued to teach part-time until 1933. He then took up his hobbies, especially artificial languages, which had become a passion since the days of St. Petersburg. Additionally, he was editor of the magazine "" from 1929 to 1930.

Unlike his relatives, did not leave to be in 1939, deciding to stay in Estonia. , who represented the idealistic pan-European idea, did not like the National Socialist government of Germany, calling it a "termite state." Wahl may also have chosen to stay to avoid abandoning his large archive. The danger of ending up in a retirement home in Germany might also have played a role: this had happened to several of his acquaintances. De Wahl again avoided the to Germany that took place in the winter and early spring of 1941. He was certainly aware of the opportunity to leave, for when asked about his plans by one of his former students, he replied, leaving no doubt that his decision was stay in Estonia:

In the first year of Soviet repression, managed to escape, although some of his relatives were arrested. After the beginning of the German occupation of Estonia, he was suspected of anti-state activities. was arrested on August 12, 1943, because of letters sent to Posen, to his wife's sister-in-law, that were caught by the censors in Königsberg in July of that year. In these letters, he had predicted the outbreak of an uprising in Poland and advised the family who lived there to go to Germany:

In the same letter, noted that he had previously predicted the attack on Pearl Harbor and the later outbreak of war between the United States and Japan. During the interrogation did not deny what he had written, and repeated several of the accusations he had made, "firmly believing" in the veracity of his predictions. was held for some time in the Tallinn Labour and Education Camp, but the testimony given during his interrogation was considered strange by the "Sicherheitsdienst", and so was sent to be examined at the . There he was diagnosed with dementia caused by ageing and he was left in the Seewald hospital, which also saved him from a possible death penalty. was defended by several close relatives and friends who claimed that he was not responsible for his actions.

During the bombing raid in March 1944, 's house including his archive collection was destroyed, which came as a great shock to him. Three years later, in a letter to the Finnish Occidentalist , he recalled that what had happened was a real disaster, during which many irreplaceable and unique materials were lost.

In August 1945 of the Germans still living in Estonia by the NKVD took place. The list of people to be deported included 's name. At the time of the deportation, however, was among a dozen people who were not deported or whose whereabouts could not be determined. Although the reasons for 's escape are not known, in some cases the head of the task force that carried out the deportation made the decision not to take the seriously ill or disabled, so the decision may have been influenced by the opinion of the hospital staff. Therefore, it was his presence in a mental hospital that saved de Wahl for a second time.

During and after the war, his foreign colleagues had very little information about de Wahl's condition and location; only in the spring of 1946, the Finnish Occidentalist A. Z. Ramstedt was able to restore contact with de Wahl. It is unclear why the hospital staff at Seewald enabled such correspondence; perhaps that they may have recognized his dedication to linguistics when being supportive to his communication with the outside world.

De Wahl died on March 9, 1948. He was buried on March 14 at the Alexander Nevsky Cemetery in Siselinna Cemetery, Tallinn. In 1996, his remains were moved to the , the family cemetery of the family.




Interlingue-Union

The Interlingue-Union is an organisation whose goal is to popularise Interlingue, an international auxiliary language. It has existed since 1929 and is currently based in Switzerland. It is totally neutral on political and religious matters. Until 1949, the organisation was called the "Occidental-Union" (because the language itself was known as "Occidental" until that year). The Interlingue-Union publishes a magazine called "Cosmoglotta".

Ameer Zaman

Maulana Ameer Zaman (; 1956 – 7 September 2021) was a Pakistani politician. He was Minister for Postal Services from August 2017 to May 2018. He had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, from June 2013 to May 2018.

Zaman died on 7 September 2021 at the age of 65.

Sam Cunningham

Samuel Lewis Cunningham Jr. (August 15, 1950 – September 7, 2021), nicknamed Sam "Bam" Cunningham, was an American football fullback player. He was born in Santa Barbara, California. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for 10 seasons with the New England Patriots. His career lasted from 1973 until 1982.

Cunningham died on September 7, 2021 in Inglewood, California at the age of 71.

Jahangir Butt

Jahangir Butt (17 April 1943 – 7 September 2021) was a Pakistani field hockey player. He was born in Gujranwala, Punjab, British Raj. He won a gold medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, and a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

Butt died on 7 September 2021 in Karachi, Pakistan at the age of 78.

Black Oak Arkansas

Black Oak Arkansas is an American Southern rock band named after the band's hometown of Black Oak, Arkansas. The band became popular in the 1970s.


Severian Yakymyshyn

Bishop Severian Stefan Yakymyshyn, O.S.B.M. (; 22 April 1930 – 6 September 2021) was a Canadian Ukrainian Greek Catholic hierarch. He was an Eparchial Bishop of Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of New Westminster from 5 January 1995 until his retirement 1 June 2007. He was born in Plain Lake, Alberta, Canada.

Yakymyshyn died on 6 September 2021 in Vancouver, British Columbia at the age of 91.

Adam Baumann

Adam Baumann (27 March 1948 – 6 September 2021) was a Polish actor. He was born in Grudziądz, Poland. His career began in 1967. His best known movie roles were in "Śmierć jak kromka chleba" (1994), "Wojaczek" (1999) and "Destined for Blues" (2005).

Baumann died on 6 September 2021 in Katowice, Poland at the age of 73.

Grudziądz

Grudziądz, historically in English Graudence, is a city in Poland. It was in the Toruń Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998. Grudziądz is the 4th-largest city in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Province. About 95,000 people lived here in 2018.

Nino Castelnuovo

Francesco "Nino" Castelnuovo (28 October 1936 – 6 September 2021) was an Italian actor. His best known role was as Guy Foucher in the musical movie "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg" (1964). He was born in Lecco, Italy. His career began in 1957. Other of his best known movies were "Rocco and His Brothers" (1960), "Camille 2000" (1969), "L'emmerdeur" (1973), "Il prato macchiato di rosso" (1973), "Massacre Time" (1966), "The Five Man Army" (1969), and "The English Patient" (1996).

Castelnuovo died on 6 September 2021 in Rome, Italy from a long-illness, aged 84.

Doug Ose

Douglas Arlo Ose (born June 27, 1955) is an American businessman and politician. He was the U.S. Representative for California's 3rd congressional district from 1999 to 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party. Ose was born in Sacramento, California.

On March 16, 2021, Ose announced his intention to run for Governor of California in the 2021 recall election of Governor Gavin Newsom. On August 17, 2021, Ose announced that he was withdrawing from the race after having a heart attack.


Carmine Infantino

Carmine Michael Infantino (; May 24, 1925 – April 4, 2013) was an American comics artist and editor. He mainly worked for DC Comics, during the late 1950s and early 1960s. He was known for creating Black Canary and The Flash.

Paul Belmondo

Paul Alexandre Belmondo (born 23 April 1963) is a French racing driver. He raced in Formula One for the March and Pacific Racing teams. He was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine. He was the son of actor Jean-Paul Belmondo.

Pascale Petit (actress)

Pascale Petit (born Anne-Marie Pettit; 27 February 1938) is a French actress. She appeared in more than fifty movies from 1957 to 2001. Petit was born in Paris. She became well known for her role in "One Life" (1958). Petit played Cleopatra in the 1962 movie "A Queen for Caesar".

Fabio Testi

Fabio Testi (born 2 August 1941) is an Italian actor. He worked as a stuntman on "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly". He was cast in Vittorio De Sica's movie "The Garden of the Finzi-Continis". He was known for his relationships with Ursula Andress and Charlotte Rampling.


Peschiera del Garda

Peschiera del Garda (; ; , "Arilica") is a town and "comune" in the province of Verona, in Veneto, Italy.

Tony Maudsley

Tony Maudsley (born 30 January 1968) is an English actor, best known for portraying the role of Kenneth Du Beke in the ITV sitcom "Benidorm", which he played from 2011 to 2018. In addition to his work on "Benidorm", he has also had starring roles as Martin in the BBC One sitcom "Eyes Down" (2003–2004), Graham in the ITV2 sitcom "The Job Lot" (2013–2014), and George Shuttleworth in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2020–present).

Paula Wilcox

Paula Wilcox (born 13 December 1949) is an English actress. An established actress with a career spanning over 50 years, she is best known for her role as Chrissy in the popular ITV sitcom "Man About The House", which she played from 1973 to 1976. She has also had roles in TV shows such as "The Lovers" (1970–1971), "Miss Jones and Son" (1977–1978), "The Queen’s Nose" (1995–1996, 1999–2001), "The Smoking Room" (2004–2005), "Emmerdale" (2007–2008), "Mount Pleasant" (2011–2017), "Boomers" (2014–2016), "Upstart Crow" (2016–2018) and "Girlfriends" (2018). Since 2020, Wilcox has appeared as Elaine Jones in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street".

Nash, Texas

Nash is a city in Bowie County, Texas, United States.

Red Lick, Texas

Red Lick is a city in Bowie County, Texas, United States.

Redwater, Texas

Redwater is a city in Bowie County, Texas, United States.

Phyllomedusa chaparroi

Phyllomedusa chaparroi is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have only seen it in two places. People have seen this frog between 537 and 650 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 67.9 to 77.5 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog looks like "Phyllomedusa camba". Scientists looked at the frogs' mitochondrial DNA to tell the two species apart. 

The iris of the eye is red-brown in color with tiny orange spots.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and forests that are growing back. People saw this frog at night near ponds that dry up for part of the year. They were on plants .5-1.5 meters above the ground. The female frog lays her eggs in a nest that she makes out of foam. She makes the nest on a leaf hanging over the water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large space.

Bala shark

The bala shark, "Balantiocheilos melanopterus", also known as the tricolor shark, tricolor sharkminnow, silver shark, or shark minnow, is a fish of the family Cyprinidae, and is one of the two species in the genus "Balantiocheilos". This species is not a true shark, but is commonly so called because of its torpedo-shaped body and large fins.

The bala shark is found in the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, and Borneo. Some people say they have seen it further north in the Mekong and Chao Phraya River, but this is due to confusion with the recently described and possibly extinct "B. ambusticauda" (although the presence of any "Balantiocheilos" in the Mekong is not known). Bala sharks are found in midwater depths in large and medium-sized rivers and lakes. They feed on phytoplankton, but mostly on small crustaceans, rotifers, and insects and their larvae. Bala sharks are misunderstood aquarium fish. They are generally peaceful and good to many other types of tropical fish. Bala sharks are in some pet stores, but may grow too large for an aquarium.

These fish have a silver body with black ends on their dorsal, caudal, anal, and pelvic fins. They have big eyes to find and catch their prey. The bala shark will grow to a maximum length of .

United Nations Parliamentary Assembly

A United Nations Parliamentary Assembly (UNPA) is a proposed idea to add to the United Nations System. The idea was raised at the founding of the League of Nations in the 1920s and again following the end of World War II in 1945. It has received the support of over 1,600 members of parliament from over 100 countries worldwide. 

Carole Bouquet

Carole Bouquet (born 18 August 1957) is a French actress and fashion model. Her career began in 1977. She starred as a Bond girl in "For Your Eyes Only" (1981). In 1990, she was awarded the César Award for Best Actress for her role in "Too Beautiful for You". She was the face of Chanel No. 5 fragrance from 1986 to 1997.

Sebastian Roché

Sebastian Charles Edward Roché (born 4 August 1964) is a French actor. He is known for his roles as Kurt Mendel in "Odyssey 5" and Jerry Jacks in "General Hospital". He also played Mikael in both "The Vampire Diaries" and "The Originals".

Céline Sallette

Céline Sallette (born 25 April 1980) is a French actress. 

In 2012, she was nominated for the César Award for Most Promising Actress for her role in "House of Tolerance".

Olivier Martinez

Olivier Martinez (born 12 January 1966)
is a French actor. His role in "Un, deux, trois, soleil" (1993), earned him a César Award for "Most Promising Actor". He also appeared in "Before Night Falls" (2000), the erotic thriller "Unfaithful" (2002) and "S.W.A.T." (2003).

Asia Kate Dillon

Asia Kate Dillon (born November 15, 1984) is an American actor. They are best known for their roles as Brandy Epps in "Orange Is the New Black" and Taylor Mason in "Billions". 

Dillon is non-binary and uses they pronouns. 

They also played the Adjudicator in the action movie "" (2019).

Amber Ruffin

Amber Mildred Ruffin (born January 9, 1979) is an American comedian, television host, writer, actress, author and playwright. She hosts her own late-night talk show titled "The Amber Ruffin Show" on NBC and Peacock. She has been a writer for "Late Night with Seth Meyers" since 2014.

Peacock (streaming service)

Peacock is an American video streaming service owned and operated by NBC and Comcast. It is named after the NBC logo. The service launched on July 15, 2020. The service has television shows, movies, news, and sports programming. music programs on Peacock such as Happy Tree Friends (Universal Television) (TV-MA, Parental Advisory Explicit Content, 18+ or older to get Peacock ID required) and Nirvana (Geffen, Parental Advisory Explicit Content). the violent program Turok (Classic Media) (TV-14) and He-Man (Classic Media) (TV-PG).

Raymond Hood

Raymond Mathewson Hood (March 29, 1881 – August 14, 1934) was an American architect. He worked in the Neo-Gothic and Art Deco styles. He is best known for his designs of the Tribune Tower, American Radiator Building, and Rockefeller Center. He was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. 

Hood died on August 14, 1934 in Stamford, Connecticut at the age of 53.

Khamen Chatpa

Khamen Chatpa is a traditional Meitei white silk loincloth (pheijom), mainly made with purple patterns of scrolls stamped on it by means of wooden blocks, worn by men. It is worn especially during the festival of Lai Haraoba in Manipur (Kangleipak). During the days of monarchy, it might not be worn by people of inferior rankings, but the royalties generally might wear it at their pleasures. On auspicious occasions, the king used to honor his subjects by gifting or awarding the "Khamen Chatpa". It was a special privilege not achieved by common people. However, it is one of the particular dress codes of the amaibas. The pena singers are also free to wear the "Khamen Chatpa", made with impressed designs in purple or maroon colours.

American Radiator Building

The American Radiator Building (also known as the American Standard Building) is an early skyscraper at 40 West 40th Street in New York City. It was designed by Raymond Hood and André Fouilhoux in the Gothic and Art Deco styles for the American Radiator Company. It was built from 1936 to 1937.

Furry Creek

Furry Creek is a community in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is on Howe Sound in the Squamish-Lillooet Regional District. It is north of Vancouver and south of Squamish. 

Furry Creek has a relatively varied area of tourism. There is a golf club with a gift shop. There is the Britannia Mine Museum. There are parks, including Shannon Falls Provincial Park, which is relatively close to the area.

J. André Fouilhoux

Jacques André Fouilhoux (September 27, 1879 – June 20, 1945) was a French-born American architect. He is most well known for his work on Tribune Tower (Chicago) and Rockefeller Center, early skyscrapers such as the Daily News Building and RCA Building.

Daily News Building

The Daily News Building, also known as The News Building, is a skyscraper at 220 East 42nd Street in the Turtle Bay neighborhood of Midtown Manhattan in New York City. It was built between 1928 and 1930. It was built as the headquarters for "New York Daily News".

Fall of Kabul

Fall of Kabul is an event where Kabul is captured. Some of these include:


Arkhangelsk

Arkhangelsk () is a city in Russia. It is the capital and largest city of Arkhangelsk Oblast in European Russia. As of 2012, the city has 350,258 people.

Arkhangelsk was founded in 1584 as the fortified monastery of Micheal, a Russian archangel, it was the first port of the Russian Empire to trade with England and later with other countries. The port of Arkhangelsk reached the height of its prosperity in the 17th century but subsequently declined with the foundation of Saint Petersburg in 1703 and the high customs dues introduced by Peter I the Great to trade to Arkhangelsk. Arkhangelsk later revived with the building of a railway from Moscow in 1898. At that time, Arkhangelsk is now the largest timber-exporting port of Russia. It has big timber-processing industries, including sawmilling, pulp making and papermaking. Shipbuilding and repair are important in Arkhangelsk. Arkhangelsk is home for a fishing fleet and the western terminus of the Russian Northern Sea Route. There are thousands of medicines, planting, managing, caring for forests, taigas, and a teachers college.
Arkhangelsk is located in the northern part of Arkhangelsk Oblast. It is also the capital and largest city of the Arkhangelsk Oblast. It borders the Arctic Ocean on the north. It is 1,242 kilometers north of Moscow, 1,109 kilometers northeast of Saint Petersburg, and 1,271 kilometers north of Nizhny Novgorod.
Important industries (or parts of the economy) are timber trade, paper industry, ship building, machinery, and industry related to microbiology. Arkhangelsk has a large commercial and fishing port.

As of 2012, Arkhangelsk's population reached 350,258 people. At 2006, the city has 349,772 people.

Ufology

Ufology is the search for and research of unidentified flying objects by people who called "ufologists". The term was coined by Edward J. Ruppelt. Mainstream scientists have greeted this topic with skepticism, dismissing ufology as pseudoscience.


Kajenglei

Kajenglei (), also known as Leitreng (), is a traditional Meitei headdress crown, worn by women. It is worn by brides during marriage ceremonies as well as by artists during the dance performances.
It consists of eighty to hundred brass strips. These are attached to red flannel strips one centimeter in width and tied around a circular metal ring. Some of the renowned figures who are known for wearing the "Kajenglei" are goddess Leimarel Sidabi, goddess Panthoibi and princess Moirang Thoibi.

Hasan Akhund

Mohammad Hassan Akhund is a politician from Afghanistan. In 2021 he became the prime minister of Afghanistan.

He was born between 1945 and 1958 in Pashmul in Kandahar Province.

Russia said that it will not take part "in the inauguration event for the new government of Afghanistan if it is held on the 9/11 anniversary", media said on September 10, 2021; After Russia said that, the event was moved to another day.

There are worries about the Freedom of the press: "at least 14 journalists" were arrested "and then released" (or set free) over a two-day period; Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) said that, and media told about that on September 10, 2021.


Paolo Salvati

Paolo Salvati (born 22 February 1939 in Rome – 24 June 2014 in Rome) was an Italian figurative artist, painter, and draftsman. His landscapes are the expression of poetic art, characterized by an intense chromatic tone as a metaphorical depiction of the inner world of man.



Barnaul

Barnaul () is a city in Russia. It is the capital and largest city of Altai Krai. Its population was 632,372 as of 2018. It is home to the centers of silver in Russia. 
Barnaul was founded by the family of Demidov, who intended to develop the production of copper and silver of Russia, which continued after the factories were taken over by the Crown of Russia. Barnaul became a major center of silver in Russia. Barnaul's city status was founded in 1771. In 1738 a silver-refining works was established and Barnaul became the original hub of the Altai mining region of Russia. It was a major trade centre in 1850. Barnaul has good communications by Ob River, by the South Siberian, Turk-Sib, and Omsk-Barnaul railways, and by roads to the Kolyvan-Rubtsovsk mining area and Novosibirsk. As a result after that, its industrial importance has increased and its range of products grown wider. Barnaul's engineering industries produce boilers, presses, diesel motors, and radios; other industries make cotton textiles, chemical fibres, cellophane, tires, and lumber and forest products. There is also a range of consumer-goods industries. Barnaul has a research institute of agriculture, livestock husbandry, institutes for engineering, teacher training, and medicine.
Barnaul was located in the Forest steppes of the West Siberian Plain. It is 345 kilometers northeast of the Kazakhstan-Russia border, 3,622 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 4,051 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 3,159 kilometers southeast of Nizhny Novgorod, 1,823 kilometers southeast of Yekaterinburg, 232 kilometers south of Novosibirsk, 5,810 kilometers northwest of Vladivostok, and 5,015 kilometers southwest of Yakutsk.
Barnaul is an important industrial center of Western Siberia. There are more than 100 industrial businesses and companies in the city, giving work to approximately 120,000 people. These industries include diesel, carbon processing, production of heavy machinery, tyres, furniture and footwear.
As of 2018, the city has over 632,372 people. In 2010, the city has 612,401 people and in 2014, the population rose to 632,784.

Symbolic anthropology

Symbolic anthropology or symbolic and interpretive anthropology is the study where cultural symbols can be used in society. Important figures of this study are Clifford Geertz as founder of interpretive anthropology, Max Weeber, Mary Douglas, David M. Schneider and Victor Turner. 

A postmodern turn is also highlighted. 

Tolyatti

Tolyatti () is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia. It is the second-largest city of Samara Oblast. As of 2010, the city has 719,632 people.

Tolyatti is known formerly as Stavropol until 1964. The city was founded as a fortress in 1738 and known as Stavropol, it was given city status in 1780 and again in 1946. Became more prominent by Samara, it remained unimportant until the beginning in 1950 of the huge V.I.

The city was 988 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 1,700 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 637 kilometers south of Nizhny Novgorod, and 995 kilometers southeast of Yekaterinburg.

As of 2010, Tolyatti has 719,632 people. In 2005, it has 704,792 people.

Situ Lembang

Situ Lembang is a lake located in Western Java, Indonesia. The lake has an area of about 68 hectares, situated between mount Burangrang and Tangkuban Parahu with elevation at of 1567 mdpl. This place is a man-made lake which has existed since 1912, while Netherland occupied Indonesia.

Surrounded by pine forest, water sources comes from the Cimahi river and spring from mount Burangrang. Situ Lembang is used as a military exercise and war simulation by Kopassus troops.

Yakutsk

Yakutsk () is a city in Russia. It is the capital and largest city of the Sakha Republic. As of 2018, the city has 311,760 people.


National anthem of the Kingdom of Afghanistan (1926–1943)

The Royal Salute was the first national anthem of Afghanistan and it was adopted during the period of monarchy. It was an instrumental song and had no words.


V(D)J recombination

V(D)J is the basis of the vertebrate immune system. It makes antibodies.

All vertebrates have an adaptive immune system. This protects them against many infections and diseases caused by viruses and bacteria. V(D)J is the basic mechanism. The work is done by developing lymphocytes (B cells and T cells). They make the immune system adaptive. What this means is that the body is able to defend against many infections it has never met before, and the defence gets better against repeat attacks from the same agent. 

The details are very complex. The system makes sequences of amino acids which bind on to the corresponding sequences of infective agents. The system also recognises "altered self cells" as seen in cancer.
Of course all systems have limits, so when the system fails to recognise a pathogen or cancer, we suffer the consequences.

In 1987 Susumu Tonegawa was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for his discovery of the genetic principle for generation of antibody diversity".

The V(D)J refers to the way variable, joining and sometimes diversity regions are produced in the white blood cells. The cells are made in the bone marrow and thymus of vertebrates.

Phyllomedusa distincta

The Sao Paulo leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa distincta") is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it as high as 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have grown back. People have seen it on shrubs near water that does not flow. The female frog lays eggs on leaves that are over water that does not dry up. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water below.

Scientists do not believe that this frog is in danger of dying out. This is because it lives in such a large place. But there are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings change the places where the frogs live to build towns and cities, make small farms, make tree farms, and get wood to build with.

Mute R. Kelly

Mute R. Kelly (also styled as #MuteRKelly) is an American movement. It wants contemporary R&B, soul and gospel singer and recording artist R. Kelly convicted (meaning found guilty) of sexual abuse, child pornography, kidnapping and obstruction of justice. The movement also wants Kelly to stop receiving money with his singing career.

The movement was founded by Kenyette Barnes and Oronike Odeleye in 2017. The latter said: "#MuteRKelly continues until the Black community has fully financially divested from the man and his music and we tackle the overwhelming issue of sexual abuse". Odeleye was an African American Arts Administrator from Atlanta, Georgia. Barnes is a lobbyist and activist. She also sought to lobby elected officials. She wanted to mobilize activists around the world to encourage users of music streaming platforms to #ThumbItDown, when R. Kelly's music plays. This was in order to change the algorithm of his songs until they are no longer playing.

During a period of two to three decades, Kelly was accused of sexual abuse of children and adolescents. One example was getting married to then fifteen-year-old R&B and pop singer Aaliyah on August 31, 1994 in Cook County, Illinois. The marriage was dissolved just over five months later at orders from from Aaliyah's family. Aaliyah later admitted she had lied to people about her age. She was really fifteen-years-old when she and Kelly married each other.


Black-winged stilt

The black-winged stilt or pied stilt ("Himantopus himantopus") is a bird in the family Recurvirostridae. It lives in many places in the world: Australia, South America, Central America, Africa, southern Asia, some of North America, some of Europe, the Philippines, New Zealand, New Guinea, Indonesia, and the Solomon Islands.

This bird has black and white feathers. Its legs are long and orange. Its bill is straight and black. The irises of its eyes are red. They have gray feathers on their heads. The gray part gets bigger as the bird gets older.

This bird lives in mudflats, marshes, and the shores of lakes and rivers.

This bird wades. It walks through shallow water on its long legs. It uses its beak to catch small animals with no spines off the top of the water. It can swim and put its head under the water to catch food, but it does not do this often. It eats insects, mollusks, and crustaceans. It can look for food in large flocks, groups of birds. The birds in the flock do not all have to be black-winged stilts. The black-winged stilt will look for food with banded stilts and red-necked avocets too.

Many pairs of black-winged stilts build nests near each other. This is called a colony. But each pair will fight other birds if they come too close to their nest. The birds either dig a small hole in the ground or put pieces of plants on the ground to make the nest. Both the male and female stilt sit on the eggs.

Pheichom

Pheichom (Pheijom) or Feichom (Feijom) is a traditional Meitei loincloth, worn by men. It is mainly made of cotton or silk in gold, saffron or white colours. The Khamen Chatpa is the most popular and highly revered "pheijom" known to the Meitei cultural world.
The "Pheijom" ("Feijom") of Manipur is slightly equivalent to the Dhoti, worn by men of mainland India.

There are many types of "Pheichom" ("Pheijom"), out of which some are the following:

2016 Witney by-election

The 2016 Witney by-election was a by-election for the UK Parliament constituency of Witney. It happened on the 20 October 2016. This was the same day as the Batley and Spen by-election.

The by-election happened after because current Conservative MP, David Cameron, decided he didn't want to be MP anymore. This was after Cameron also decided he didn't want to be Prime Minister anymore. Conservative Robert Courts won. Courts won with 5,702 votes more than the Liberal Democrats, who came in second.

Muhammad ibn al-Uthaymeen

Abu 'Abd Allah Muhammad ibn Saalih ibn Muhammad ibn Sulayman ibn Abd Al Rahman Al Uthaymeen Al Tamimi (1929–2001), was born in Unaiza, in Quasim region (Saudi Arabia) in 1929. He memorized the Holy Quran during his childhood, pursued rigorous religious education in hadith, tafseer, fiqh, theology and Arabic language under the tutelage of renowned Saudi Ulema (Islamic scholars) and graduated from the College of Sharia in Riyadh.

Al-Uthaymeen’s deep knowledge of Islam, disseminated through his many publications and teachings, as well as his outstanding qualities as a dedicated and profoundly faithful Muslim, have won him the respect and admiration of Muslims everywhere.

Magan (civilization)

Magan (also Makkan) was an ancient nation. It is mentioned in Sumerian cuneiform texts of around 2300 BC. It lasted to 550 BC as a source of copper and diorite for Mesopotamia.

Historians were not always sure where Magan was. Some historians thought Magan could be in part of Yemen called Ma'in in the south of Upper Egypt, in Nubia or the Sudan, and others as part of today's Iran or Pakistan.

With the disappearance of trade from the Indus region, the copper from Magan was later replaced by copper imports from ancient Cyprus.

The earliest Sumerian text that talks about Magan (Sumerian 𒈣𒃶 "Magan", Akkadian "Makkan") was written during the Umm al-Nar period (2600–2000 BCE). It also says "the Lords of Magan." Sumerian texts also talk about "Tilmun," which historians think was in what is Bahrain today, and about "Meluhha," which could be the Indus Valley. The Akkadians fought the Magans in the twenty-third century BCE. This could be why the people built forts. For example, the writers Naram-Sin and Manishtusu, wrote of fighting wars against "32 lords of Magan."

Gudea talks about the devotions to his Temple: "Magan and Meluhha will come down from their mountains to attend." The words Magan (𒈣𒃶) and Meluhha (𒈨𒈛𒄩) appear vertically in the first column on the right.

Naram-Sin gave the Akkadian title "Malek" to the defeated Ruler of Magan, a title which survives in the Arabic for king, "malek".

The Magans built good ships and could sail well for the time. King Sargon of Agade (2371–2316 BCE) wrote that ships Tilmun, Magan, and Meluhha came to his ports. His successor, Naram-Sin, conquered Magan but he honored the Magan King Manium by naming the city of Manium-Ki in Mesopotamia after him. Trade between the Indus Valley and Sumer went through Magan. However, that trade might have stopped at one time. Ur-Nammu (2113–2096 BCE) said he had "brought back the ships of Magan."

Archaeological finds from this time show trade not only with the Indus Valley and Sumer but also with Iran and Bactria. They might also show the earliest case of the disease poliomyelitis in the skeleton of a woman from Tell Abraq. The skeleton was found in modern Umm Al Quwain.

Trade was common between Magan and Ur before the reigns of the Gutian kings over Ur. After they were deposed, Ur-Nammu of Ur restored the roads and trade resumed between the two nations (c. 2100 BC).

Magan Civilization and Magan territory has also been mentioned in the fantasy book, MAGA - The Untold Legend (ISBN: 978-1777903404) and has a very close relationship with the Mayan Civilization, two mother civilizations of ancient world on earth established by MAGA and MAYA, respectively.

Phanek

Phanek or Fanek is a traditional Meitei sarong, indigenously worn by womenfolk, predominantly in Manipur (Kangleipak).
One ancient design is the lotus and the bee bordering the "phanek" fabric.
The Phanek Mayek Naibi, one of the most popular "phanek"s, is one such lower garment, which has stripes at its bottom. It is worn when one goes to office works and in marriage ceremonies. It is worn like a wraparound. Its bottom is adorned with heavy embroidery in different designs.
According to Meitei culture, the "phanek"s are untouchable to the menfolk.

Folsom Lake College

Folsom Lake College is a public community college in Folsom, California. It is part of the California Community Colleges system and the Los Rios Community College District. It was opened in 2004 and has two educational centers: The El Dorado Center in Placerville, California, and the Rancho Cordova Center in Rancho Cordova, California.
It also has a Visual Performing Arts Center which is one of the most well-known centers of art, music, and entertainment in the Sacramento area. The current president is Art Pimental who began in January 2023.

Folsom Lake College first opened in 1993 as a center of Consumnes River College. At that time, it consisted of mostly portable buildings. The first permanent building, Aspen Hall, which currently houses the admission office and student services center, opened in 2001. Folsom Lake College was established on January 9, 2004. 

In 2005, the college expanded with the addition of the school library in Aspen Hall and the addition of Buckeye Hall and Cypress Hall. Cypress Hall houses science labs and the reading and writing center. The school cafeteria, Falcons Roost, opened in 2006 and currently includes the bookstore and career center. Both Dogwood and Lilac Halls, the former which houses a music lab and practice rooms and an early childhood education lab, opened in 2007.

In 2009, the physical education building, located near the Falcon's Roost, opened. 

In 2011, the Visual Performing Arts building, then known as Three Stages, opened. It includes an 850-seat main theater, a 200-seat city stage, and a 100-seat recital hall. A year later, the center was renamed the Harris Center in honor of Brice Harris, former chancellor of the Los Rios Community College District. Meanwhile, the recital hall was named after Thelma Scott-Skillman, founding president of Folsom Lake College. 

In 2013, the athletic complex expanded to include a soccer field, baseball and softball stadiums, tennis courts, a track and field complex, and a cross country course. The portable buildings on the main Folsom campus were demolished and replaced with a gymnasium, which opened in 2015.

In October 2015, the Rancho Cordova Center opened.

In 2016, the DSPS center relocated to a space in Aspen Hall just across from the library. It was originally located next to the admission office.

In 2018, the innovation center opened in Aspen Hall.

In 2010, the college began its own Athletic program with Men's and Women's golf and Men's and Women's tennis. Women's Soccer was added in fall 2013, followed by Men's Soccer in fall 2014, Men's Baseball in spring 2015, Women's Softball in spring 2016, Women's Volleyball in fall 2016, and Men's and Women's Basketball in fall 2017.


Machiko Hasegawa

Machiko Hasegawa (, January 30, 1920 – May 27, 1992) was a Japanese manga artist and one of the first female manga artists. Hasegawa's most popular comic is "Sazae-San". Her comics are still very popular and well-known. She won the People's Honor Award. She was the first manga artist to win the People’s Honor Award. Hasegawa also has two museums named after her.

"Sazae-san" was a popular postwar comic strip depicting the life of Sazae-san, a fictional Japanese housewife. The manga was first drawn in 1946. It also depicts women and men equally. "Sazae-San" became nationally popular because of the Asahi Shimbun newspaper. "Sazae-San" was turned into a radio series in 1955. It has 45 paper volumes. It was also translated into English. It started appearing on TV in 1969. "Sazae-San" is still airing today.


Sazae-san

Sazae-san (Japanese: サザエさん) is a Japanese yonkoma manga series written and illustrated by Machiko Hasegawa. It was a popular postwar comic strip about the life of Sazae-san, a fictional Japanese housewife.

Los Rios Community College District

Los Rios Community College District is a public community college district headquartered in Sacramento, California. It has four colleges and several education centers serving approximately 70,000 students. The chancellor is Brian King. 


Solution (disambiguation)

Solution can be:




Anna Akhmatova

Anna Andreyevna Gorenko ( – 5 March 1966), better known by the pen name Anna Akhmatova, was a Russian poet. In 1965 she was on the shortlist for the Nobel Prize,

Nikolay Gumilyov was his husband.




Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation

The Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation ( (SCJN) is the Mexican federal high court and in charge of the judiciary part of the Mexican Federal Government. It has eleven magistrates, known as "ministers of the court".

Judges of the SCJN are appointed for 15 years. Members are confirmed by the Senate and are nominated by the President of the Republic.

Crimson Peak

Crimson Peak is a 2015 gothic romance movie directed by Guillermo del Toro and written by del Toro and Matthew Robbins. 

The movie stars Mia Wasikowska, Tom Hiddleston, Jessica Chastain, Charlie Hunnam, and Jim Beaver. 

Blue Peter

Blue Peter is a British children's television show created by John Hunter Blair. Blue Peter is the longest-running children's TV show in the world, having been broadcast since October 1958. It is currently shown live on the CBBC television channel on Thursdays.

Nele Hertling

Nele Hertling "née" Schröder (born 23 February 1934) is a German theatre manager. She worked for the Academy of Arts, Berlin, from 1962. She also founded the Pantomime-Musik-Tanz-Theater in 1970 and the Tanz im August festival in 1988. She managed the program for Berlin as the European City of Culture.

Todd Scully

Clark Todd Scully (September 13, 1948 – September 6, 2021) was an American racewalker. He competed in the men's 20 kilometres walk at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born in Princeton, New Jersey.

Scully died on September 6, 2021 in a car crash in Big Island, Virginia at the age of 72.

Big Island, Virginia

Big Island is a census-designated place (CDP) in northern Bedford County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 303.

Gérard Farison

Gérard Farison (15 March 1944 – 8 September 2021) was a French footballer. He played as a defender. Farison was born in Saint-Étienne, France. His playing career lasted from 1968 until 1983. He played for the national team in 1976.

Farison died on 8 September 2021 in Saint-Raphaël, France at the age of 77.


Franco Graziosi

Franco Graziosi (10 July 1929 – 8 September 2021) was an Italian actor. He was born in Macerata, Italy. He began his career in 1960. He was best known for his roles in "The Terrorist", "Duck, You Sucker!" and "We Have a Pope".

Graziosi died on 8 September 2021 in Rome at the age of 92.

Uno Loop

Uno Loop (31 May 1930 – 8 September 2021) or Loobi Unn was an Estonian singer, musician, athlete, actor, and educator. Loop's career as a musician and singer began in the early 1950s. He was born in Tallinn, Estonia. He was awarded the Order of the White Star in 2001. 

From 1975 until 1992, Loop taught guitar, song, and music at the Georg Ots Tallinn Music School. In 1980, he returned to studies at Tallinn Pedagogical University.

Loop died at a nursing home in Keila, Estonia on 8 September 2021, from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 91.

Keila

Keila () is a town and an urban municipality in Harju County in north-western Estonia. It is about 25 km southwest of Tallinn.

Camarines Sur

Camarines Sur (; ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Bicol Region in Luzon. Its capital is Pili.

Pili, Camarines Sur

', officially the ' (, Rinconada Bikol: "Banwāan ka Pili", ) is a city of the Philippines and capital of the province of Camarines Sur.

Jordi Rebellón

Jordi Rebellón López (15 February 1957 – 8 September 2021) was a Spanish actor. He was known for his role as Rodolfo Vilches in popular television series "Hospital Central". Rebellón was born in Barcelona, Spain. His career began in 1988.

Rebellón died on 8 September 2021 in Madrid, Spain of a stroke, aged 64.

Luis Villafuerte

Luis Robredo Villafuerte Sr. (August 29, 1935 – September 8, 2021) was a Filipino politician. He was Governor of Camarines Sur from 1986 until 1992 and again from 1995 until 2004. He was a member of the House of Representatives from 2004 to 2013. He was also the Minister of Trade from 1979 until 1981. Villafuerte was born in Taguig, Philippines.

Villafuerte died on September 8, 2021 in Taguig at the age of 86.

Yevgeny Zinichev

Yevgeny Nikolayevich Zinichev (Russian: Евге́ний Никола́евич Зи́ничев; 18 August 1966 – 8 September 2021) was a Russian politician and military officer. He was the Minister of Emergency Situations from 2018 until his death. He was also a member of the Security Council of Russia. In 2016, he was the acting Governor of Kaliningrad Oblast. He was ranked General of the Army. Zinichev was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union.

Zinichev died on 8 September 2021 in Norilsk, Russia after accidentally falling of a cliff at the age of 55.

Enugu

Enugu ( ; ) is the capital of Enugu State in Nigeria. It is located in southeastern Nigeria. The city had a population of 722,664 in 2006.

Committee for Skeptical Inquiry

The Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal or CSICOP is an organization formed to encourage open minded, critical investigation of paranormal and fringe science claims from a responsible, scientific point of view.

Proton Bus Simuator

Proton Bus Simulator is a bus simulator game developed by Marcos Elias Picão for Microsoft Windows and Android. It is powered by Unity and was released in 2017. Another version, from the same series, is titled "Proton Bus Road", coach bus version, in 2018. In September 2021, it was downloaded 1 million times.

The game features four maps, including Aricanduva, representing a large urban cluster. As this is the first map, it is proposed to have more errors and less rendered areas. Aricanduva includes high traffic vehicles and many noble neighborhoods. In addition to this map, there are areas such as Uipe (industrial city region), Fiktivdorf based on European cities and the Longeee rural map.

The game does not have licensed vehicles, but it has similar versions and vehicle mod support.

As of April 2021, the game was still in testing, with the publicly available beta.
Version v246 brought a fictional map of the Europe, Fiktivdorf, and downloadable changes only for the authors, as well as fixes for PC and Android. Then the v247 version brought another Uipe map, a mountain chain map.

After v251, users will be able to create or place a map mods, to facilitate the addition of vehicles in the game, and consolidate the unique ones.

Version v255/257 brought free support for cheap computer booklets, which made it easier to change the direction of the bus later. V258 support for the Aricanduva HD card has arrived, only for powerful PCs.

Khudei

Khudei or Khoodei () is a daily traditional Meitei loincloth wear, worn by menfolk. It is also used as a cotton towel in some cases. It is a wraparound linen cloth.
This short woven cloth covers the body from the waist up to the knee portion. Generally, it measures around 3' x 8'.
Sometimes, it is folded and carried on the shoulders by aged men. It is worn like in the dhoti style.

Star Pravah

Star Pravah is an Indian pay television GEC that was launched on 24 November 2008 by Star India and wholly owned by The Walt Disney Company India. On 1 May 2016, the high-definition feed of the channel named Star Pravah HD was launched.


Oceanhorn 2: Knights of the Lost Realm

Oceanhorn 2: Knights of the Lost Realm is a game that is part of the Oceanhorn series. It is an adventure game, and is supported only on Switch and all Apple devices excluding the Apple Watch. It is part of Apple Arcade. It is set 1000 years before the first game, on the same world called Gaia.

Wooden toy train

A wooden toy train is a toy train that runs on a wooden track system with grooves to guide the wheels of the rolling stock. While the trains, tracks and scenery accessories are made mainly of wood, the engines and cars connect to each other using metal hooks or small magnets, and some use plastic wheels mounted on metal axles. Some trains are made to resemble anthropomorphical, fictional, and prototypical railroad equipment.

Wooden toy train have sets of usually rails, bridges, tunnels, buildings rail stations, level crossings, trees, and more.

There are many manufactors of wooden toy trains, such as BRIO, IKEA, Micki, and Melissa & Doug.

Lanmei Thanbi

Lanmei Thanbi () or Langmei Thanbi () is a spirit that appeared in the form of a light flickering over the marshes in Meitei mythology and folklore of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). Legend says that it leads people to astray if it chases them. It is sometimes regarded as parallel to the Will o' the wisp, Jack-o'-lantern and Ignis Fatuus of the European folklore.

In ancient times, people used to say:
<poem>
"Lanmei Thanbi toi toi! 
Hangen Poura kit!" 
</poem>
It is roughly translated as:
<poem>
"Come Lanmei Thanbi, come, if you dare. We will nab you with "hangen" (bamboo skeleton used for stretching fishing nets) and "poura" (bamboo pole on which "hangen" is attached or tied)."
</poem>


Phyllomedusa coelestis

The starry leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa coelestis") is a frog that lives in Peru and Colombia. Scientists think it may live in many more places than we think. Scientists have seen this frog between 200 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog is 53.3 to 64.8 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is green in color with some white or orange spots. Its belly is orange. The pupils in its eyes go up and down and open side to side. It has small disks on its toes for climbing.

People usually see this frog at night. It does not live near ponds. Most of the frogs scientists have seen were in forests that had been cut down and grown back with many streams and dense undergrowth: There were many bushes and other small plants under the trees. Scientists have seen the female frog lay eggs in a folded leaf hanging over the water. 

Scientists do not think this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Medusa with the Head of Perseus

Medusa with the Head of Perseus is a sculpture. Argentine artist Luciano Garbati made it in 2008. It is famous because people in the Me Too movement talked about it. The media called the statue an "icon of justice" for people who survived sexual assault. That happened several years after the statue was made.

Medusa is a Greek myth. In the story, Perseus kills Medusa, not the other way around: Medusa is a monster with a face so terrible that anyone who sees her turns to stone. Medusa lives on an island. The hero Perseus comes to the island to kill Medusa. He cuts off her head and puts it in a bag. He later uses the head to turn his enemies to stone. Perseus then gives Medusa's dead head to the gods. Zeus puts Medusa's head on his shield so it will frighten his enemies.

At some point in history, no later than the Roman poet Ovid, another part was added to the myth: Medusa starts as a human priestess and not a monster. She works for the goddess Athena in her temple. She is raped by the god Poseidon in Athena's temple. To the people telling the myth, Medusa, not Poseidon, was the one who had done something bad. Athena punishes Medusa by turning her into an ugly monster: Her hair turns into snakes. Her face becomes terrifying. Only then does Medusa go to the island where Perseus will later kill her.

In the 1500s, Benvenuto Cellini made a sculpture called "Perseus with the Head of Medusa". In that sculpture, a nearly naked Perseus holds up Medusa's head. Garbati wanted to make that statue in reverse. Garbati did not think he was making feminist art. He only want to "flip the script" of the story of Perseus and Medusa. He only wanted to show the sculpture the opposite way.

Garbati started with clay. He used the clay model to make another sculpture out of resin and fiberglass. Then, he could use the resin sculpture to make copies out of bronze. The sculpture is almost 7 feet tall (about 2 meters). It shows a naked Medusa with a sword in her left hand. She holds a man's head by the hair in her right hand. She stares down and ahead. She looks like a woman and not a monster. Garbati used his own face for Perseus.

Garbati offered to sell the original resin sculpture for US$35,000 and bronze copies for US$60,000, depending on who made the bronze copy.

Garbati decided not to copy Cellini's statue exactly. Cellini shows Perseus holding Medusa's head high and smiling. He stands lightly on one foot. Garbati shows Medusa holding Perseus' head low and staring straight ahead. She stands heavily on both feet. Garbati said this was because Perseus coming to attack Medusa meant different things to Perseus and Medusa:

"I was thinking of Perseus, this man with all his gadgets, going there and having this victory. This difference between a masculine victory and a feminine one, that was central to my work. The representations of Perseus, he's always showing the fact that he won, showing the head…if you look at my Medusas…she is determined, she had to do what she did because she was defending herself. It’s quite a tragic moment."

During the #MeToo Movement, thousands of women wrote to Garbati saying what the statue meant to them. They said Medusa was a woman who had been raped who fought back.

Some people said that black women started the #MeToo Movement, so it was not good to have a statue made by a male artist as its symbol. Garbati answered that he liked that people liked his statue. He also said he'd learned more about patriarchy. Other people asked Garbati why he made Medusa naked and beautiful when she is ugly in the myth. He answered that artists have been showing Medusa as beautiful since the 400s b.c.e. Other people asked why Medusa was holding the head of Perseus and not of the god who raped her, Poseidon. This was because Garbati had not meant to make the statue about rape survivors. He had only meant to do Cellini's statue backwards.

For a long time, the statue stayed in Garbati's own art studio in Buenos Aires.

In 2020, the statue was shown in New York's Collect Pond Park near the court of criminal justice. This was where Harvey Weinstein stood trial for his crimes. Garbati and helpers started selling small copies of the statue. They gave 10% of the money to the National Women's Law Center.


Zhiar Ali

Zhiar Ali is a Kurdish person from Iraq who is a human rights activist, animal rights activist and journalist based in Sulaymaniyah. He is known for his work for LGBT rights in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. Ali was the former media and communications officer at Rasan, he later founded Yeksani, a movement advocating for LGBT rights in the Iraqi Kurdistan. He had also co-founded the first pro-vegan animal rights organization Kurdistan Vegans. He has freelanced for news organizations, focusing on music journalism and political and social issues.

Ali was attacked by the media in a campaign, the campaign was bigger and was against the LGBT community in 2020. After these attacks, he was threatened with murder and assault. The attacks started happening more after Ali did a Global Pride speech on June 27, 2020, organized by InterPride.

He criticized Asayish and the Kurdistan Regional Government for an operation which detained LGBT people in Sulaymaniyah. The campaign took place after Asaiysh (local security forces) thought all gay people are sex workers, Ali tried talk about this mistake in a "Middle East Eye" interview. Denying that all members of the LGBT community in the Kurdistan region were sex workers, he blamed the government for forcing some into sex work and said that "prostitution is the last choice to earn a living".

Ali is the youngest of five brothers and sisters. He said in a makanati.net interview that he came out to his mother and older sister in 2017 when he founded Lava Foundation, an unregistered organization working on raising awareness of LGBT issues.
Like the vast majority of society, my family approached [sexuality] close-mindedly without having any information, they would insult [those who were gay]. When I would spend time with them, sometimes, they would engage in aggressive conversations and hurl insults towards LGBT people. [...] I would leave the room silently because I felt like those insults were directed at me. [...] I tried repeatedly to change and undergo a "curative treatment" to no avail. I got to the conclusion that this is me, accepted myself, and moved on. – Ali, on his experiences with his family and sexuality.
In an interview with Queer Film Festival Utrecht, Ali talked about his relationship with his family, reporting that he was disowned and kicked out of the family house when he came out publicly, and receieved death threats from his brother.

Ali has a plant-based lifestyle and co-founded in 2018, one of Iraq's first vegan organizations which focused on environmentalism as well as raising awareness about "a healthy lifestyle" at the same time as raising awareness about a vegan lifestyle. A vegan for five years, he had discussed the difficulties of the lifestyle in Iraq; vegan products are scarce, difficult to find, and often overpriced. During an interview, he claimed that before their work at Kurdistan Vegans, there were no dedicated vegan restaurants, but after their advocasy, one was announced in his region.

Ali began his activism in 2017 with Lava Foundation which did not last for a long time, and was hired by Rasan in late 2019; Lava Foundation activities were then carried out in Rasan. After more than a year with Rasan, Ali left the organization and founded Yeksani. Ali's activism focuses on raising awareness of regional LGBT community issues, letting the public know about the community's needs and wants and international actors to encourage action, and normalizing the community in Kurdish society. He emphasizes that LGBT+ living conditions in Kurdistan are poor due to a lack of public awareness.
Gay people should be protected by law and not discriminated against, [homosexuality] is a natural human desire, not an illness. Every workplace should be legally forced to be inclusive to LGBT people in job oppertunities, and even the local security forces need to treat them better. – Ali to Kurdish news outlet Peregraf in an interview.
Ali mostly uses social media for his activism. He regularly raises awareness about the legal laws used to put LGBT people in jail, and said in a BBC Persian interview that Articles 393, 394, 400, and 401 of Iraqi law are used to illegally detain LGBT people. Ali was also an animal rights activist and a former project manager of Kurdistan Vegans, where he arranged and coordinated World Vegan Day events for two years in a row.

He was a journalist with Spee Media, a local independent news outlet. He was focusing there on music journalism, and most of his work featured Wild Fire. He also wrote about conflict in the Middle East, LGBT+ rights in Iraq, and social and civic issues.

On May 17, 2020, the European Union (EU), British, and Canadian embassies raised the pride flag in their Baghdad headquarters, which caused a massive backlash, forcing the EU embassy to take down the flag after a few hours. This caused a hate campaign against the LGBT community of Iraq which was supported by visible Iraqi politicians. Ali wrote an extensive report about the progression and worsening situation of LGBT people in Iraq which was hosted on Rasan's website, reporting murder of people precieved to be gay, as well as messages of hate broadcast on national TV. The report was later used for assessments and further studies regarding LGBT rights in the region.

During an interview, Ali discussed the difficulties with being part of the LGBT+ community and finding housing, reporting that many LGBT youth are denied rent or properties are not sold to them, so they are forced to get married to the opposite gender only to have a place to live in. He also talked about how the Directorate of Non-Governmental Organizations have made it impossible to register LGBT organizations in the region.

On April 1, 2021, news said that Asayish set checkpoints around Sulaymaniyah and detained some people they thought were gay. Although a lot of people expressed anger on social media at the operation, seventeen members of Sulaimaniyah's Provincial Council signed a petition supporting the arrests. Ali led Take Action, an online campaign through Yeksani which received broad global support, and helped bring the issue to the attention of Amnesty International, the US Consulate in Erbil, Human Rights Watch, ILGA Asia, and other international, national, and local groups. The decision to conduct the operation was influenced by conservative groups in the region, especially the Kurdistan Justice Group.

According to Ali, 15 individuals (some underage) were apprehended by the operation and security checkpoints were set up in places thought to be popular with LGBT people. He said that Asaiysh did not differentiate between LGBT sex workers and other community members or later focused their operation on prostitution to avoid international backlash. Ali highlighted security forces' "tests" on suspects to determine if they had sexual contact before their arrests, calling the tests criminal and humiliating. He told "Middle East Eye" that "even if people resorted to sex working, it's the government's fault since it's their last choice of livelihood."

Ali repeatedly told the media that community lives were in danger, and he was afraid to be caught at one of the checkpoints since he is openly gay. After local and international pressure from civil-rights organizations and activists, Asayish stopped the operation, released the detainees, and published a statement that they were investigating reports of prostitution in the region and did not "target any specific groups of society."

Due to discrimination, followed by the operation, Ali reported that many LGBT people (including himself) felt excluded from Kurdish society. Many others also called the operation dehumanizing and criminal. Ali critisized other NGOs that claim to work on LGBT rights, and said "while they are getting massive funds, they take no action in reality", and recognized them as symbolic entities.

On February 22, 2021, it was announced that a lawsuit had been filed against Rasan by an Islamist Kurdistan Justice Group MP because the organization advocated for local LGBT+ rights and this was "against the values of the Kurdish culture." In response to the accusation, Rasan said they would defend themselves against the lawsuit in court and they work for everyone equally. Ali spoke against the MP during a live Rudaw interview, defending the LGBT+ community and saying that the MP's comments were "baseless and not based on any scientific evidence."

Mithali Raj

Mithali Dorai Raj (born 3 December 1982) is an Indian cricketer. She is the Test and ODI captain of women's national cricket team. She is a right-handed opening batswoman and sometimes right-arm leg break bowler. Raj is the highest run-scorer in women’s international cricket.

She is the highest run-scorer in women's international cricket and the only female cricketer to surpass the 7,000 run mark in Women's One Day International matches. she is the first player to score seven consecutive 50s in ODIs. Raj also holds the record for most half-centuries in WODIs. In June 2018 during the 2018 Women's Twenty20 Asia Cup, she became the first player from India to score 2000 runs in T20Is, and also became the first woman cricketer to reach 2002 WT20I runs.

In 2005, she became the captain of the side. Raj is the only player (female) to have captained India in more than one ICC ODI World Cup final, doing so twice in 2005 and 2017. On 1 February 2019, during India's series against New Zealand Women, Raj became the first woman to play in 200 ODI matches. In September 2019, she announced her retirement from T20Is to focus on ODI cricket. In 2019, she became the first woman to complete 20 years in international cricket.

She is the recipient of several national and international awards, including the "Wisden" Leading Woman Cricketer in the World in 2017, Arjuna Award in 2003, and the Padma Shri in 2015, both by the Government of India.

In July 2021, in the third WODI match against England, Raj became the leading run-scorer in women's international cricket. She went past Charlotte Edwards' previous record of 10,273 runs.

Mithali Raj was born on 3 December 1982 in a Tamil family in Jodhpur, Rajasthan. Her father is Dorai Raj, who was an Airman (Warrant Officer) in the Indian Air Force, and mother is Leela Raj. Raj started to play cricket at age of 10. She lives in Hyderabad, Telangana. She attended Keyes High School for Girls in Hyderabad. She attended Kasturba Gandhi Junior College for Women in Secunderabad for her intermediate studies. She began cricket coaching in her school days along with her elder brother.

While playing for Railways in domestic competition, Raj began her career by playing with stars like Purnima Rau, Anjum Chopra and Anju Jain for Air India.

Mithali has played all three cricket formats for India, Test, One Day and T20. She was named among the probables in the 1997 Women's Cricket World Cup when she was just 14, but couldn't make it to the final squad. She made her One Day International debut in 1999 against Ireland at Milton Keynes and scored unbeaten 114 runs. She made her Test debut in the 2001–02 season against South Africa at Lucknow. On 17 August 2002, at the age of 19, in her third Test, she broke Karen Rolton's record of world's highest individual Test score of 209*, scoring a new high of 214 against England in the second and final Test at County Ground, Taunton. The record has since been surpassed by Kiran Baluch of Pakistan who scored 242 against West Indies in March 2004.

Raj was ill with a strain of typhoid during the CricInfo Women's World Cup in 2002, hindering India's progress. However, she then led them to their first World Cup final in 2005, in South Africa, where they met Australia who proved too strong.

In August 2006, she led the side to their first ever Test and Series victory in England and wrapped up the year winning the Asia Cup – the second time in 12 months – without dropping a single game.

She led the Indian team to the finals in the 2005 Women's Cricket World Cup where the team lost to Australia. She is a part-time leg-break bowler as well. She is a recipient of the Arjuna award for the year 2003. She currently tops the batting table with 703 ratings. In addition to her ability with the bat, Raj rolls her arm over bowling leg-spinners and providing variety to the attack.

At the 2013 Women's World Cup, Raj was the No.1 Cricketer in the ODI chart among women. She scored 100s: 1 and 50s: 4 in Test cricket, 100s: 5 and 50s: 50 with best bowling of 3/4 in ODIs and 50s: 10 in T20s.

In February 2017, she became the second player to score 5,500 runs in WODIs.
Raj is the first player to captain most matches for India in ODI and T20I.

In July 2017, she became the first player to score 6,000 runs in WODIs. She led the Indian team to the final of the 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup where the team lost to England by nine runs.

In December 2017, she was named as one of the players in the ICC Women's ODI Team of the Year.

In October 2018, she was named in India's squad for the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament in the West Indies.

In September 2019, Raj retired from T20I Cricket. She dreams to bring the World Cup to her country by 2021. "After representing India in T20 internationals since 2006, I wish to retire from T20Is to focus my energies on readying myself for the 2021 one-day World Cup," she said in a BCCI press statement.

In November 2020, Raj was nominated for the Rachael Heyhoe-Flint Award for ICC Female Cricketer of the Decade, and the award for women's ODI cricketer of the decade.

In May 2021, she was named as the captain of India's Test squad for their one-off match against the England women's cricket team.

Raj was appointed as the batting consultant for India women's national cricket team, and had played as a player-coach.


Mithali Raj was involved in controversy with cricket management due to her attitude towards the game during the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20. She accused the coach Ramesh Powar and BCCI COA member Diana Edulji in a letter to BCCI of bias, humiliation at not including her in the T20 world cup semifinals. Powar in turn criticized that Raj had threatened that she would retire from the game of the cricket when asked to play down the batting order. He also accused Raj of 'blackmailing and pressurising coaches' apart from causing division in the team during the recently concluded World T20. He added, "despite being a senior player in the team she puts in minimum inputs in team meetings. She could not understand & adapt to the team plan. She ignored her role and batted for own milestones. Lack of keeping the momentum going which was putting extra pressure on other batters." Raj's 50 against Ireland in the same tournament in which she ended up playing 25 dot balls was also criticized by the coach, Powar.

Her relationship with the T20 team's captain Harmanpreet Kaur is also said to be strained.

However after reappointment of Ramesh Powar as Head coach of Indian womens' cricket team in May 2021 , the two have reconciled. Mithali and Harmanpreet also confirmed no bad blood against each other across various interviews.

Raj is a Bharatanatyam dancer.

After the 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup, Viacom 18 Motion Pictures acquired the rights to make a feature film on Raj's life. She said "Hoping that this movie inspires more people, especially young girls to take up sports as a career."

The biopic is in planning and the shoot is scheduled to start in 2019. Raj said "I think Priyanka Chopra will be a great choice (to play me in the biopic). Our personalities match a lot. I am not a movie buff, so I'd love the experts to do their job." However, it was decided that Taapsee Pannu will play the role of Mithali Raj in the biopic named Shabaash Mithu. It will be directed by Rahul Dholakia in 2020.



David Ansah Opoku

Davis Ansah Opoku (b. 13 September 1984) is a Ghanaian politician. In January 2021. He became a member of Parliament for Mpraeso Constituency in the Eastern Region of Ghana. He serves as the Deputy Ranking Member of the Public Accounts Committee and a member of the works & Housing Committee of Parliament

On Thursday, 13th September 1984, Davis was born in Accra to Sampson Opoku of Kwahu Asakraka and Helena Opoku of Obomeng Kwahu

Davis is an old student of Nkwatia Secondary School and later to the University of Cape Coast, Ghana, where he aquired a degree in Laboratory Technology and is training as a Solicitor in England & Wales at the University of Laws, London, UK.  He has also studied media and Public Relations at Leicester University. U.K. Davis is a graduate from the prestigious University of London, UK, where he studied Law and holds a certificate in Strategic Political Communication from the International Academy for Leadership (IAF), Germany.

Davis started his career as a public relations consultant and a public interest advocate and has more than a decade of agency, corporate, nonprofit and startup experience. He is also the founder and CEO of Siri Communications, an I.T., Public Relations and Media Management Services firm, Which he has assisted clients both large and small, in industries as varied as technology and healthcare to Agribusiness and publishing.

He's worked with the National Health Insurance Authority as Deputy Director (Executive Assistant to the Chief Executive) and assisited in the implementation of the NHIS Mobile Renewal code. The code is a convenient method to renew NHIS policy by dialling dedicated NHIS short-code *929# and can be accessed from all networks.

As an advocate with public interest, Davis has served as Director of Communications, then later as Director of Operations for the Alliance for Accountable Governance (AFAG). The role of the group was to expose some alleged rots during the NDC term in office.

During the 2008 elections Davis served as the President of the Tertiary Students Confederacy (TESCON), the New Patriotic Party's intelligential wing (NPP), He Stimulated the students of the University of Cape Coast to various community engagements, where they worked with the then party Chairman Duncan Smith and some NPP Regional Executives . Prior to the 2008 General elections, during one of the biggest rally to present then Candidate Nana Akufo Addo, he was given the opportunity to speak to some sections of Ghana's Youth his delivery caught the Eye of some top executives of the party. OPK as he is called by some of his colleague is Known for his dedication and loyalty to the NPP Party.

Davis was key in bringing to birth the pressure group, Let My Vote Count Movement (LMVC), which was a force to reckon during the 2012 Presidential Electoral Petition which they later seek some reforms on the electoral process through advocacy and judicial process.

Davis Opoku Ansah in 2019 did his national service at the parliament and was part of the National Mock Parliament of the Ghana @ 50 celebrations and in 2021 became a full member of parliament for the Mpreaso Constituency.

His Passion about the development of Kwahu led him to form the Kwahu Professionals Network which he is serving as the first president. The Kwahu Professionals Network can now boast of over thousand two hundred active members, with some branches in the UK and North America.

Davis is a devoted Christian. He is married to Anita. Together they have three children.

Jacquie O'Sullivan

Jacquie O'Sullivan (born 7 August 1960) is an English singer who is a member of Shillelagh Sisters and Bananarama.

Siobhan Fahey

Siobhan Marie Fahey (born 10 September 1958) is an Irish singer and songwriter who is a member of Shakespear's Sister and Bananarama.

Sara Dallin

Sarah Elizabeth Dallin (born 17 December 1961) is an English pop singer who is a member of Bananarama.

Keren Woodward

Keren Jane Woodward (born 2 April 1961) is an English singer who is a member of the pop group Bananarama.

Dale Bozzio

Dale Frances Bozzio (born Consalvi; born March 2 1955) is an American vocalist who is a member of Missing Persons.

List of LGBT firsts by year

This is the list of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) firsts by year




Alimony

Alimony is the idea that two people who are married are responsible for each other: This also means that if they separate or get divorced, the partner with more money or other resources has to pay a sum of money to the partner with less. 

The meaning of the term goes back to the Latin, "alimentum" (which means food).

The Code of Hammurabi (1754 BC) says that a man has to provide for his wife so she can raise his children:

During the reign of Trajan (1st century) the state supported families with many children. This support was known as "alimenta." The picture shows a Denarius, a Roman coin of the time. On the coin, the words "ALIM.ITAL." can be read. They stand for "alimenta Italia." The coin also shows Abundantia, the goddess of abundance (of food) with her children. 

The Code of Justinian also talks about alimony.

People began to pay alimony in the modern way starting in the 16th century: The Latin word "sustentatio" was directly translated. The idea was one of the first forms of social security: Family members should support each other, in case of need.

English church courts awarded alimony in cases of separation and divorce. "Alimony pendente lite" was given before the divorce decree, based on the husband's duty to support the wife during a marriage that still continued. Alimony after the divorce was also based on the idea that church courts could not undo a marriage. They could only give a "divorce a mensa et thoro", which is similar to a legal separation today. As divorce did not end the marriage, the husband still had to support his wife.

In the 19th century, divorce laws were changed, and became more liberal. Divorce was still only possible in the case of marital misconduct. As a result, the requirement to pay alimony became linked to the concept of fault in the divorce. Alimony to wives was paid because it was assumed that the marriage, and the wife's right to support, would have continued but for the misbehavior of the husband. Ending alimony on divorce would have permitted a guilty husband to profit from his own misconduct. In contrast, if the wife committed the misconduct, she was considered to have lost any claim to ongoing support. During this period, parties could rarely afford alimony, and it was rarely awarded by courts. As husbands' incomes increased, and with it the possibility of paying alimony, the awarding of alimony increased, generally because a wife could show a need for ongoing financial support, and the husband had the ability to pay. No-fault divorce led to changes in alimony. Whereas spousal support was considered a right under the fault-based system, it became conditional under the no-fault approach. According to the American Bar Association, marital fault is a "factor" in awarding alimony in twenty-five states and the District of Columbia. Permanent alimony began to fall out of favor, as it prevented former spouses from beginning new lives, though in some states (e.g., Massachusetts, Mississippi, and Tennessee), permanent alimony awards continued, but with some limitations. Alimony moved beyond support to permitting the more dependent spouse to become financially independent or to have the same standard of living as during the marriage or common law marriage, though this was not possible in most cases.

In the 1970s, the United States Supreme Court ruled against gender bias in alimony awards. That means that men could get alimony from their wives, not only women from husbands. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the percentage of male alimony recipients rose from 2.4% in 2001 to 3.6% in 2006. In states like Massachusetts and Louisiana, the salaries of new spouses may be used in determining the alimony paid to the previous partners. Most recently, in several high-profile divorces, women such as Britney Spears, Victoria Principal, and Jessica Simpson have paid multimillion-dollar settlements instead of alimony to ex-husbands. According to divorce lawyers, aggressive pursuit of spousal support by men is becoming more common, as the stigma associated with asking for alimony fades.

Today, most countries have laws about alimony. Usually, the following people are covered:


Caring can be in the form of paying money, but it can also be one of the following:


Go, Dog. Go! (TV series)

Go, Dog. Go! is an American-Canadian computer-animated educational television series developed by Adam Peltzman. It aired on Netflix on January 26, 2021. The show stars Michela Luci, Callum Shoniker, Katie Griffin, Martin Roach, Tajja Isen, Lyon Smith, Judy Marshank, Patrick McKenna and Linda Ballantyne. The characters in the show are Tag Barker, Scooch Pooch, Ma Barker, Paw Barker, Cheddar Biscuit, Spike Barker, Gilber Barker, Grandma Marge Barker, Grandpaw Mort Barker, Yip Barker, Sgt Pooch and other characters.

The series tells one of Tag, an adorable orange dog, who likes to walk with her friend Scooch in the city just with her friends.




The first season and overall series has premiered on January 26, 2021.

The second season has premiered on December 7, 2021.



Ashley Moulton of Common Sense Media scored the series 4/5 stars and said ""Go, Dog. Go!" will tickle the funny bones of preschoolers and adults alike". The French cinema site AlloCiné gave the series a rating of 3.0/5 stars based on 3 notes.



Michael Constantine

Michael Constantine (born Gus Efstratiou (Ευστρατίου); May 22, 1927 – August 31, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Kostas "Gus" Portokalos in the movie "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" (2002). He was also known for playing Principal Seymour Kaufman, on ABC's comedy-drama, "Room 222," for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award in 1970.

Constantine died at his home in Reading, Pennsylvania on August 31, 2021, at age 94.


Tangerang prison fire

The Tangerang prison fire was a fire in an overcrowded prison block in the city of Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia, in Greater Jakarta. The fire happened on 8 September 2021 in sector C of the Tangerang prison. It killed 49 inmates and injured 72 others. This was the deadliest fire in Indonesia since the 2017 Tangerang fireworks disaster, which killed at least 49 people.

The Magnetic Fields

The Magnetic Fields (named after the André Breton/Philippe Soupault novel "Les Champs Magnétiques") are an American band founded and led by Stephin Merritt. 

The band released their debut single "100,000 Fireflies" in 1991.


Robert P. Hollenbeck

Robert P. Hollenbeck Sr. (November 5, 1931 – September 5, 2021) was an American Democratic Party politician. He was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 1974 until 1986. Hollenbeck was born in Carlstadt, New Jersey. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Hollenbeck died on September 5, 2021 in Barnegat Township, New Jersey at the age of 89.

Carlstadt, New Jersey

Carlstadt is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 6,372.

Barnegat Township, New Jersey

Barnegat Township is a township in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census the township's population was 24,296.

Betty Karnette

Betty Karnette (September 13, 1931 – September 8, 2021) was an American politician. She was a member of the California State Assembly 1992 to 1994 and from 2004 to 2008 and in the California State Senate from 1996 to 2004. She was born in Democratic Party. Karnette was born in Paducah, Kentucky.

Karnette died on September 8, 2021 in Long Beach, California just five days before her 90th birthday.


Dietmar Lorenz

Dietmar Lorenz (23 September 1950 – 8 September 2021) was an East German judoka. He competed for SC Dynamo Hoppegarten under the Sportvereinigung Dynamo. He was born in the German village of Langenbuch. Lorenz won a gold and bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Lorenz died on 8 September 2021, aged 70.

Aleksandr Melnik

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Melnik (; 11 June 1958 – 8 September 2021) was a Russian movie director. His best known works were "Terra Nova" (2008) and "Territory" (2015).

Melnik died after slipping and falling at the Kitabo-Oron waterfall near Norilsk, Russia on 8 September 2021 at the age of 63. Head of the Ministry of Emergency Situations Yevgeny Zinichev tried to rescue Melnik, however Zinichev also fell to his death.

Art Metrano

Arthur Metrano (September 22, 1936 – September 8, 2021) was an American actor and comedian. He was best known for his role as Lt./Capt./Cmdt. Mauser in "" and "". Metrano was born in New York City. His career began in 1961 and he retired in 2008.

On September 8, 2021, Metrano died at his home in Aventura, Florida of natural causes, aged 84.

Ludovico Vico

Ludovico Vico (11 February 1952 – 8 September 2021) was an Italian politician. He was born in Taranto, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy from 2006 until 2013 and again from 2015 until 2018.

Vico died on 8 September 2021 in Manduria, Italy at the age of 69.

Manduria

Manduria is a city and "comune" of Apulia, Italy, in the province of Taranto. About 32,000  people lived here in 2013. It is located east of Taranto.

Urbain Braems

Urbain Braems (10 November 1933 – 9 September 2021) was a Belgian footballer and manager. He played for K.S.V. Sottegem, K.R.C. Mechelen, Club Brugge and Daring Club Bruxelles. He managed Cercle Brugge, Royal Antwerp, Anderlecht, Beveren, Lokeren, Standard de Liège, Panionios G.S.S. and Trabzonspor. Braems was born in Zottegem, Belgium.

Cercle Brugge

Anderlecht

Beveren

Panionios

Trabzonspor

Timothy Colman

Sir Timothy James Alan Colman (19 September 1929 – 9 September 2021) was a British businessman. He was the Lord Lieutenant of Norfolk from 1978 until 2004. Colman was born in Henstead, Norfolk, England. 

Colman died on 9 September 2021, at the age of 91.

Marian Duś

Marian Duś (25 June 1938 – 9 September 2021) was a Polish Roman Catholic Bishop. He was the Auxiliary Bishop of Warsaw from 1986 until 2013. In 2013, he became Auxiliary Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Warsaw. Duś was born in Róża, Poland.

Duś died on 9 September 2021 in Warsaw at the age of 83.

Caspar Einem

Caspar Einem (6 May 1948 – 9 September 2021) was an Austrian politician and businessman. He was a board member of Jetalliance. Einem was born in Salzburg, Austria. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. Einem was the Minister of the Interior from 1995 until 1997. From 2000 until 2007, he was a member of the National Council.

Einem died on 9 September 2021 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 73.


Academia Brasileira de Letras

Academia Brasileira de Letras (ABL) ( English: "Brazilian Academy of Letters") is a Brazilian literary non-profit society. It was created in 1897 by a group of 40 writers and poets.


Tarcísio Padilha

Tarcísio Meirelles Padilha (17 April 1928 – 9 September 2021) was a Brazilian philosopher. He was Chair of the Brazilian Academy of Letters from 2000 until 2001. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In 1997, he was elected a member of the academy. 

Padilha died on 9 September 2021 in Rio de Janeiro from COVID-19 at the age of 93.

Danilo Popivoda

Danilo Popivoda (; 1 May 1947 – 9 September 2021) was a Slovenian footballer and manager. He played for the Yugoslavia national team twenty times between 1972 until 1977. He played for the team during the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Lovćenac, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

Popivoda died on 9 September 2021 in Bijela, Montenegro at the age of 74.

Winnie Harlow

Chantelle Whitney Brown-Young (born July 27, 1994), known professionally as Winnie Harlow, is a Jamaican-Canadian fashion model. Harlow has vitiligo and often raises awareness of the condition. In 2014, she was a contestant for "America's Next Top Model".

Larry Elder

Laurence Allen Elder (born April 27, 1952) is an American conservative talk radio host, author, politician and lawyer. He hosts "The Larry Elder Show". 

Elder was a Republican candidate for Governor of California to replace Democrat Gavin Newsom in the 2021 recall election. However, the recall election was not successful. He later decided not to run against Newsom in the 2022 election.

In April 2023, Elder announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2024 presidential election. On October 26, 2023, Elder ended his campaign and endorsed former President Donald Trump's re-election bid.

Joey Greco

Joel Stephen "Joey" Greco (born February 29, 1972) is an American television personality and actor. He was the host of the reality TV show "Cheaters" for ten seasons. Greco was born in Long Island, New York. His career began in 1993.

Abd al-Aziz Ibn Baz

Abd al-Aziz ibn Abdullah Bin Baz ( "ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz bin ʿAbdullāh bin Bāz") (21 November 1912 - 13 May 1999), also known as Sheikh Bin Baz, was a Saudi Arabian Islamic scholar. He dedicated his life to the spiritual guidance of his students and the Muslim community at large, and was particularly concerned with the state of the Islamic world. He was the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia from 1993 until his death in 1999. He was got King Faisal International Prize for Service to Islam in 1982.

His intense knowledge of Islamic doctrine and shar’ia and significant contributions to Islamic research and education gained him the respect of Muslims worldwide.


Al-Albani

Muhammad Nasir al-Din, also known as al-Albani (16 August 1914 – 2 October 1999) was an Albanian famous Islamic scholar. He was born in Shkodra, the old capital of Albania, in 1914 and moved as a child with his family to Damascus where he completed his early education and received rigorous tutelage in Arabic and Islamic studies by prominent scholars of that time. Meanwhile, he worked as a clock and watch repairer to help support his family. He received the King Faisal International Prize for Islamic Studies in 1999.

Shaikh Al-Albani started to specialize in Hadith and related subjects in the 1930s and by the age of 20; he transcribed and commented on Al-Hafez al-Iraqi’s monumental text “Al-Mughnee ‘an hamlil-Asfar,” followed by a series of other books, lectures and influential articles in Al-Manar magazine. It was not long before he surpassed all of his contemporaries to become the world’s leading authority in Hadith sciences. He wrote or edited more than 300 books and manuscripts, many of which became major references for Hadith scholars.


King Faisal Prize

Launched by the King Faisal Foundation and granted for the first time in 1979, the King Faisal Prize recognizes the outstanding works of individuals and institutions in five major categories: Service to Islam, Islamic Studies, Arabic Language and Literature, Medicine, and Science. It's the most prestigious Award of the Muslim World. 

It's aim is to benefit Muslims in their present and future, inspire them to participate in all aspects of civilization, as well as enrich human knowledge and develop mankind. KFP winners are evaluated only based on merit and their works are accurately examined by specialized selection committees. The strict selection procedure meets international standards, and many of the laureates who have been awarded the prize went on to receive other prestigious prizes.


Magnitogorsk

Magnitogorsk () is a city in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. As of 2012, the city has 410,733 people.

Magnitogorsk was founded in 1929 and built upon an expanse of iron rich land towards the southern part of the Ural. Magnitogorsk was modeled after its American counterpart in Gary, Indiana, became the largest steel plant in the world. 

A documentary believed The Russian Miracle Part II: Into the Future from c. 1961. The crown jewel of the Stalin’s First Five Year Plan, and one of the historic symbols for what came to be known as the ‘building of socialism’, is one of the achievements that this film profiles.

Magnitogorsk was both in Europe and Asia. It is 511 kilometers southwest from Yekaterinburg, 302 kilometers southwest from Chelyabinsk and 1,700 kilometers southeast from Moscow.

Magnitogorsk has a distinct four-season humid continental climate, which is same to those found in the Great Plains with warmer summers than subarctic climates, but Magnitogorsk has severe winters for the latitude. This climate type is typical for southern Russia, far from oceans. The average July high is around 25 °C (77 °F) with lows of 13 °C (55 °F) with January averages is from −10 °C (14 °F) in daytime high to −18 °C (0 °F) in average low. Temperatures approaching 34 °C (93 °F) or above have been measured from May to September with severe frosts below −36 °C (−33 °F) have been measured in all other months than that except transitional months April and October.

King Faisal Foundation

The King Faisal Foundation (KFF) is an international philanthropic organization established in 1976 with the mission of preserving and perpetuating King Faisal’s legacy.

Following in the steps of King Faisal who had his eyes set on advancement while keeping a foot in tradition, KFF has gained global outreach as it pushes the boundaries to empower the generations of the future. With its wide portfolio of investments, KFF is able to retain its financial autonomy, which allows this vast operation to keep creating and developing programs that serve its purpose. Since its establishment and until 2019, KFF has spent over 2.3 billion Saudi Riyals to support its pillar programmes, philanthropic projects and educational scholarships.
KFF’s first project was completed in 1979, a milestone followed by endless achievements that have created a positive impact on the advancement of communities all over the world. With its wide portfolio of investments, KFF is able to retain its financial autonomy, which allows this vast operation to keep creating and developing programs that serve its purpose. Since its establishment and until 2015, KFF has spent over 1.9 billion Saudi Riyals to support its pillar programmes, philanthropic projects and educational scholarships.

KFF’s first project was completed in 1979, a milestone followed by endless achievements that have created a positive impact on the advancement of communities all over the world.


Ahmed Deedat

Ahmad Hussein Deedat (; ) was a renowned Muslim thinker, author, orator and scholar of comparative religion. Born in Surat (India) in 1918, he joined his father in South Africa in 1927. He was able to learn English in a short time and was a bright pupil. However, he had to leave school at the age of 16 to support his family. He vigorously pursued self-education, including extensive studies on comparative religion, while working in a furniture shop. He was profoundly influenced by observing that, in addition to racial discrimination, the authorities used religious ideology to “numb the masses,” and that there was a profound misunderstanding of Islam among non- Muslims. He was inspired by the concept of holding interreligious public debates, which he read about in Kairanvi’s book “Truth Revealed” He delivered his first lecture, entitled “Mohammad: Messenger of Islam” in a movie theater in Durban, with only 15 people attending. Within a short time, his lectures attracted thousands of people who crossed the racial barrier to listen to him and ask questions.

What distinguished Deedat from his contemporaries was his intensive knowledge of the Bible and Holy scriptures, coupled with his command of English.

Following this tremendous initial success, The 51 Shaikh decided to dedicate his life to the explanation of Islam and promotion of its values. His contributions, especially in the field of comparative religion, extended for more than 40 years and included his authorship of numerous books and manuscripts in addition to hundreds of audio-taped lectures, televised programs and public debates on Islam. Sheikh Deedat almost single-handedly established the As-Salam Center to train propagators of Islam and provide them with theological tools to defend it. He also founded and chaired the Islamic Propagation Center International in Durban, South Africa.

Abdul-Rahman al-Sa'di

Abū ‘Abdillāh ‘Abd al-Raḥmān ibn Nāṣir ibn ‘Abdillāh ibn Nāṣir al-Sa’dī from al-Sa’dī, the Shaykh, descended of the Tamīm tribe, was born in the town of ʿUnaizah in al-Qaṣīm on the 12th of Muḥarram in the year 1307H. His mother died when he was four years old, and his father died when he was seven. As a result, he grew up an orphan but he had a stable upbringing. He was an Islamic Scholar from Saudi Arabia. And also was a teacher and a author in Unaizah, Saudi Arabia. He authored more than 40 books in several different fields including tafsir, fiqh, and 'aqidah.

He had already attracted attention at a young age with his intelligence and his strong enthusiasm for learning. After the death of his father, he had read the Qurʾān, then thoroughly memorised it by the time he was eleven years old. Then he began learning from the learned men of his town and those who visited it. He worked hard until he acquired a respectable amount of knowledge in every field. When he reached the age of twenty-three, he began teaching. Like that, he used to both learn and teach, and the entirety of his time was spent doing that. It was like that until in the year 1351H, he was placed in charge of education in his town, and became a mentor for all the students.


Tafsir

The word ‘Tafsir’ comes from the root word ‘fassara’, which means to expound or to explain. Therefore, Tafsir of Quran means the explanation or interpretations of the verses of Quran. The Tafsir of Quran is not something done by anyone with ordinary or common intellect and understanding of Islam, rather it is done by people after obtaining extensive knowledge about Islam and reading the history of Islam thoroughly. The objective of a Tafsir is to find out the true meanings of the verses of Quran, so that the audience could benefit from it and know the right and true message of Quran.

Quran is the word of Allah Almighty, therefore, in order to understand it in the true sense, a person has to sharpen his or her intellectual ability as well as increase the knowledge. When one is at a particular intellectual level, only then can he or she start understanding the true message, which Allah Almighty conveyed through words of Quran. Pertaining to the explanation of Quran for the understanding of general audience, different people have tried to write the Tafsir of Quran. Although Muslims recite Quran and try reading it with translation, however, the reading of Tafsir has its own importance. The lines below discuss what Tafsir is, why is it important and its different kinds.

Muslims also believe in previous revelations, such as the "Tawrat" (Torah), the "Zabur" (Psalms), the "Injeel" (Gospel), the "Scrolls of Abraham", and the "Scrolls of Moses". The Islamic methodology of () refers to interpreting the Qur'an with/through the Bible. This approach adopts canonical Arabic versions of the Bible, including the Tawrat and the Injil, both to illuminate and to add exegetical depth to the reading of the Qur'an. Notable Muslim (commentators) of the Bible and Qur'an who weaved biblical texts together with Qur'anic ones include Abu al-Hakam Abd al-Salam bin al-Isbili of Al-Andalus and Ibrahim bin Umar bin Hasan al-Biqa'i.

There is a variety of reasons why Tafsir is important and people consult Tafsir when it comes to understanding of Quran. The few important reasons that make Tafsir important are as follows:


Aqeedah

Aqidah (Arabic: عقيدة‎, romanized: ʿaqīdah, plural عقائد ʿaqāʾid, also ʿaqīda, aqeeda etc.) is an Islamic term of Arabic origin. It means creed (Arabic pronunciation: [ʕɑˈqiːdæ, ʕɑˈqɑːʔɪd]).

Different Islamic theologians have different views on aqidah. The term has a significant technical usage in Islamic theology: it means those matters over which Muslims hold conviction. It is a branch of Islamic studies describing the beliefs of Islam.

The Girl on a Motorcycle

The Girl on a Motorcycle (French: "La motocyclette") is a 1968 British French erotic romantic drama movie. It was directed by Jack Cardiff. It stars Marianne Faithfull, Alain Delon, Roger Mutton, Marius Goring, Catherine Jourdan, Jacques Marin and André Maranne.

Bedlam (1946 movie)

Bedlam is a 1946 American horror thriller movie directed by Mark Robson and was based on the 18th century painting "A Rake's Progress". It stars Boris Karloff, Anna Lee, Billy House, Ian Wolfe, Glen Vernon, Jason Robards, Sr., Leyland Hodgson and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Lydia Hearst

Lydia Marie Hearst-Shaw is an American fashion model, actress, and lifestyle blogger. She is a granddaughter of William Randolph.

Sunda Shelf

Sunda Shelf is a continental shelf located in Southeast Asia. It is forms the second largest submerged extension of a continental margin in world. Most of platform is covered by shallow seas– including the southerm South China Sea, the Gulf of Thailand, and tha Java Sea– with depth averaging less than 330 foot (100 metres). Much of the Sunda Shelf's total are of 690.000 miles (1.800.000 km) ia occupied by the Indonesian islands of Borneo, Java and Sumatra.

Rising sea levels since the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM), some ~20.000 years ago, has drowned the Sunda Shelf, has been derived from a siliciclastic system on a tectonically stable Shelf in Southeast Asia.


Hana Soukupová

Hana Soukupová (born 18 December 1985) is a Czech supermodel. She was one of the participants of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows and modelled for the Victoria's Secret catalog.
Soukupová was born on 18 December 1985 in Karlovy Vary, Czechoslovakia (now the Czech Republic). Her height, motivated her to begin playing basketball for a local team. She started playing at the age of five years.

Bilal Philips

Dr Abu Ameenah Bilal Philips is a Jamaican Canadian Islamic Scholar who converted to Islam in the early seventies after journeying politically and intellectually from Christianity to Communism. Shortly after his reversion to Islam, he embarked on a spiritual academic journey to the other side of the world seeking Islamic knowledge. This journey took him to Saudi Arabia where he completed a BA in Islamic studies in Madeenah, and an MA in Islamic Theology in Riyadh, then to the University of Wales, UK, where he completed a PhD in Islamic Theology in the early nineties.

After graduation from Madeenah, Dr Bilal became a teacher of Islamic studies for 10 years in an Islamic High School, Manaret Riyadh, and a lecturer of Arabic and Islamic studies in the American University in Dubai, UAE, for another 10 years. During his 10 years in the UAE, he founded and taught at the Islamic Information Center in Dubai, and during his subsequent 7 years in Qatar he has been an Islamic consultant and lecturer for the Islamic Information wing of Sh. Eed Charity. Bilal Philips has written, translated and commented on over 50 published books on various Islamic topics. He has also edited and published the 56 book Eemaan Reading Series for children and presented Islamic programs for a number of years on Riyadh Channel 2TV, Sharjah TV for ten years, as well as Peace TV, Huda TV, Islam Channel, UK, and the Deen Show, Chicago, USA.

In 2002 Dr Philips founded and headed the Islamic studies department of Preston University, Ajman, UAE, and in 2007 he founded and headed the Islamic Studies Academy, Doha, Qatar, while simultaneously launching the International Open University (https://iou.edu.gm/) which is currently offering free Islamic courses to over 100,000 registered students from over 207 different countries world wide, and for which he was included in the Jordanian publication, The 500 Most Influential Muslims (latest edition).

Bilal subsequently founded and headed, in 2008, the English medium Islamic studies department of Knowledge International University, who’s Chancellor is Shaikh Dr. ‘Abdur-Rahman ibn ‘Abdil-Azeez Al Sudais and who’s President of the board of trustees is Shaikh ‘Abdul-Azeez ibn ‘Abdullah Al Shaikh, Mufti of Saudi Arabia. More recently, in 2009, Dr Bilal Philips founded and headed the College of Da’wah and Islamic Culture (English Section), Omdurman Islamic University, Sudan, and established and directed Preston International College (www.prestonchennai.ac.in) in Chennai, India.

In March 2010, Dr Abu Ameenah Bilal Philips launched, for the first time in history, an accredited tuition-free BA in Islamic Studies degree course at the International Open University. (https://iou.edu.gm/stream/bais/)


Abdul-Rahman Al-Sudais

Abdul Rahman Ibn Abdul Aziz al-Sudais was born in the city of Qassim, Saudi Arabia in the year 1961, is a Saudi world renown Qari. In addition to being the Chief Imam and Khateeb of Masjid Al Haram in Makkah, he is also the President of the General Presidency for the Affairs of the Two Holy Mosques.

At the tender age of 12, Al Sudais had memorized the Holy Qur’an, and completed his preliminary education in the ‘Al Muthana Bin Harith Elementary School ‘ and graduated in 1979 with excellent grades.

The renowned Imam studied in Riyadh University – presently known as King Saud University, received a degree in Sharia in 1983, and a Master from the Sharia College of Imam Muhammad bin Saud Islamic University in 1987. In 1995 he was awarded a Ph.D. in Islamic Sharia from Umm al-Qura University and he is one of the senior teachers in the Faculty of Sharia at the same place.

Sheikh Al Sudais is known for his magnanimous voice and for his emotional, overwhelming recitation of the Quran in accordance with Tajweed. Every believer of the Muslim Ummah is not alien to this voice, so much so that Sheikh Abdul Rehman Al Sudais was even appointed by King Salman to deliver Hajj Khutbah in the year 2016/1437.

In 2005, he received the prize of the ‘ Islamic Personality Of the year’ in the 9th annual Dubai International Holy Quran Award.

Sheikh Sudais is currently overlooking the progress of the much talked about expansion of both Masjids in Makkah and Madinah, as the expansion in Masjid Al Haram targets completion at the earliest.


Phyllomedusa tetraploidea

The hidden walking leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa tetraploidea") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Argentina, and part of Paraguay. People have seen it between 400 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Scientists do not think this frog is in danger of dying out. This is because it lives in such a big place and because people have found it in places that humans have changed, such as places where cows eat grass. This frog lives both in rainforests that have never been cut down, rainforests that have been cut down and grew back, and swamps.

The female frog lays her eggs on leaves over the water. The tadpoles fall into the water when they hatch.

Umm al-Qura University

Umm Al-Qura University, despite its recent establishment and its current demarcation, remains one of the most distinguished universities by virtue of its location and heritage. Umm Al-Qura University has emerged as an academic institution with a great academic reputation in Sharia sciences, education and Islamic studies, in addition to modern scientific and applied disciplines.

Since the establishment of its first college, Umm Al-Qura University has passed through three historical stages; The first stage (1369-1391 AH); The first launch of Umm Al-Qura University dates back to the year 1369 AH, when the College of Sharia was established as the first edifice in higher education in its modern sense in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Sharia was established in 1381 AH, and it was called the College of Sharia and Education, and in 1382 AH the College of Education was established in Makkah Al-Mukarramah, independent of the College of Sharia.



Liisa Winkler

Liisa Winkler (b. 1978) is a Canadian fashion model.

Winkler grew up in Belleville, Ontario, Canada. She studied ballet at the Quinte Ballet School of Canada. Winklet was married to Ryan Boorne. They have  two children.

Huda TV

Huda TV is a Saudi Arabian Satellite TV and internet television channel free-to-air, English language, Islamic-focused, offers the message of Islam in English. It started in 2005.




King Abdulaziz University

King Abdulaziz University is a public university in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The establishment of this university was in the year 1387 AH / 1967 AD as a private university, with the aim of spreading higher education in the western region of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. With the efforts of the loyal people of this country, the dream turned into reality and the idea came into existence, as the members of the Preparatory Committee had a meeting with King Faisal bin Abdul Aziz, and he expressed all support and support for the idea of ​​the project, and formed the founding committee of the university headed by the late King Faisal and His Excellency the Minister of Education at the time Sheikh Hassan bin Abdullah Al Sheikh.

The university began its first academic year in the year (1388 AH - 1968 AD) with the opening of the preparatory study program, with a small number of male and female students (68 males - 30 female students), and in the immediately following year, the first college in the university (the College of Economics and Administration) was opened, and in the following year a college was established Arts and Humanities

After the esteemed Council of Ministers issued a decision in the year (1391 AH) to annex the university to the state, and thus it was transformed from a private university to a governmental one, at the same time another decision was issued to include the faculties of Education, Sharia and Graduate Studies, which had been in existence since (1369 AH - 1949 AD) in Mecca Al-Mukarramah to King Abdul Aziz University, then separated after that to be attached to Umm Al-Qura University after its establishment.



Smoky (1946 movie)

Smoky is a 1946 American western drama movie directed by Louis King and is the second adaption of the 1926 novel "Smoky the Cowhorse" by Will James. It stars Fred MacMurray, Anne Baxter, Bruce Cabot, Roy Roberts, Esther Dale, Burl Ives and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Alhumdulillah

In Arabic Alhamdulillah is written, ٱلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ
The word is made of three parts: al, the definite article meaning “the”. hamdu, which literal means “praise” li-llah (preposition + noun) Allah. Putting this together we get “All Praise To Allah” or “Praise and thanks be to Allah”.

Mulgi Zali Ho

Mulgi Zali Ho () is an Indian Marathi language television Drama which aired on Star Pravah. The show starred Sharvani Pillai, Kiran Mane, Divya Subhash and Yogesh Sohoni in lead roles. It is produced by Suzana Ghai, Hemant Ruprell and Ranjit Thakur under the banner of Panaroma Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.







Ismail ibn Musa Menk

Mufti Dr Ismail Menk is a leading global Islamic scholar raised in Mozambique and born in Zimbabwe. He studied Shariah in Madinah and holds a Doctorate of Social Guidance from Aldersgate University. Mufti Menk’s work has gained worldwide recognition and he has been named one of “The Top 50 Most Influential Muslims in the World” since 2010.

He has 100s of followers across his social media platforms. His personable style and down to earth approach has made him one of the most sought after scholars in our time. He has endeared himself to people with his much loved lecture series, a Mufti Menk hallmark.

Mufti travels the world spreading a simple but profound message: “Do good, help others while preparing for the Hereafter”. He is active in the international arena and is a strong proponent of peace and justice, speaking up against all forms of terror.
Araf


Bollywood Hungama

Bollywood Hungama (previously known as IndiaFM or IndiaFM.com) is a Bollywood entertainment website, owned by Hungama Digital Media Entertainment, which acquired the website in 2000. The website provides news related to the Indian film industry, particularly Bollywood, film reviews and box office reports. Launched on 15 June 1998, the website was originally named "IndiaFM.com". It changed its name to "Bollywood Hungama" in 2008. Bollywood Hungama release their images under the . 

500 Most Influential Muslims

500 Most Influential Muslims is an annual publication that ranks the most influential muslims in the world.


Henry H. Arnold

Henry Harley Arnold (June 25, 1886 – January 15, 1950) was an American general officer. He held the ranks of General of the Army and General of the Air Force. He is the air force general who held five star rank in two United States Military Services.
He died on January 15, 1950 in his home town.

King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals

King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals (KFUPM) is one of the 21 Saudi Universities that, beside the Council of Higher Education, the Ministry of Higher Education, as well as several specialized colleges and institutions, consist the main component of the higher education system in Saudi Arabia. KFUPM and the other Saudi Universities are supervised by the Ministry of Higher Education, and regulated by The Council of Higher Education.

KFUPM, same as other Saudi Universities, has a board chaired by the Minister of Higher Education while the rector serves as the deputy chairman. Membership of the Board includes the Secretary General of the Council of Higher Education, the vice rectors, the deans, and three external members appointed by the Minister of Higher Education. This Board is responsible for all university operations, it grants degrees to students, approves programs and curricula of existing departments, and makes recommendations to the Council of Higher Education in other matters.

Wahiduddin Khan

Maulana Wahiduddin Khan is an Islamic spiritual scholar who has adopted peace as the mission of his life. Known for his Gandhian views, he considers non-violence as the only method to achieve success.
Internationally recognized for his contributions to world peace, he has received, among others, the Demiurgus Peace International Award, the Padma Bhushan, the Rajiv Gandhi National Sadbhavna Award and the National Citizen's Award. A recent book, The 500 Most Influential Muslims of 2009 by Georgetown University, Washington DC, has named him “Islam’s Spiritual Ambassador to the world.” His approach, the book points out, is “popular among Indians, both Muslim and non-Muslim.”
Born in Azamgarh in 1925, the Maulana was educated in a traditional seminary. From his early years, he showed a voracious appetite for modern knowledge, spending entire days in the library. As a result he became well versed in both classical Islamic learning and modern disciplines. His extensive research led him to conclude that the need of the hour was to present Islamic teachings in the style and language of the post-scientific era.


YouTube Creator Awards

The Youtube Creator Awards are awards Youtube gives to creators for reaching subscriber goals. Examples of these are the Silver Play button for reaching 100,000 subscribers, the Gold Play button for 1 million subscribers, and it goes on. However, Youtube may choose not to give the button out.

Abu Ammaar Yasir Qadhi

Yasir Qadhi is a resident Scholar of the Memphis Islamic Center, a professor at Rhodes College in the Department of Religious Studies, and is the Dean of Academic Affairs at AlMaghrib Institute. He is one of the few people who has combined a traditional Eastern Islamic seminary education with a Western academic training of the study of Islam.

Yasir graduated with a B.Sc. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Houston, after which he was accepted as a student at the Islamic University of Madinah. After completing a diploma in Arabic, he graduated with a B.A. from the College of Hadith and Islamic Sciences, and then completed a M.A. in Islamic Theology from the College of Dawah. He then returned to the United States, and completed a PhD in Religious Studies from Yale University.

Dr. Yasir Qadhi has authored several books, published academic articles, and appeared on numerous satellite and TV stations around the globe. His online videos are some of the most popular and highly-watched Islamic videos in English.


Omar Suleiman (imam)

Imam Omar Suleiman is the Founder and President of the Yaqeen Institute for Islamic Research, and an Adjunct Professor of Islamic Studies in the Graduate Liberal Studies Program at SMU (Southern Methodist University). He is also the Resident Scholar at Valley Ranch Islamic Center and Co-Chair Emeritus of Faith Forward Dallas at Thanks-Giving Square.

Phulala Sugandh Maticha

Phulala Sugandh Matichaa () is an Indian Marathi language television series which aired on Star Pravah.





Sang Tu Aahes Ka?

Sang Tu Aahes Ka? () is an India Marathi language series produced by Vidyadhar Pathare under the banner of Iris Productions. The show premiered from 7 December 2020 on Star Pravah. It starred Siddharth Chandekar, Shivani Rangole and Saniya Chaudhari in lead roles.




Tariq Masood

Mufti Tariq Masood (born 1975) is a Pakistani Islamic scholar. He pursued an intensive, full-time study of the classical, Islamic academic disciplines previously known as the 'Dars-e-Nizami', and completed his specialisation in Islamic jurisprudence.


Wellington boot

Wellington boot is a type of boot, popularized by Anglo-Irish soldier and general Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington. 

Wellington boot is waterproof and is made from rubber. These boots are usually worn in wet weather, especially in autumn time. They protect from puddles. 

Tariq Jamil

Maulana Tariq Jameel is a well known Deobandi scholar who is also one of the most popular preachers in Pakistan. He belongs to the Tablighi Jamaat group and his lectures focus on the subject of self-purification, avoidance of violence, observance of Allah’s orders and pursuing the way of Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him).

After completing pre-medical studies, Maulana Tariq was admitted to the King Edward Medical College in Lahore. It was there—under the influence of members of the Tablighi Jamaat—that his focus changed to Islamic Education. His Islamic training is from Jamia Arabia, where he studied Qur’an, Hadith, Sufism, logic and Islamic jurisprudence. Maulana Tariq’s background in the sciences allows him to explain Islamic matters in a way that appeals to liberal Muslims. Additionally, his simple lifestyle and fluency in Urdu and Arabic, led to his fame across the Muslim world.
Tariq Jamil is married to Safia Jamil and has 2 children namely Yousaf Jamil and Asim Jamil.

On 29 October 2023, his second son Asim, passed away in Khanewal District, Punjab of a Gunshot wound. According to reports, he died as a result of misfiring, in the chest.


Pump and dump

"Pump and dump" (P&D) is a form of security fraud that involves artificially inflating the price of an owned stock through false and misleading positive statements, in order to sell the cheaply purchased stock at a higher price.

Mishary bin Rashid Alafasy

Mishary Rashid Alafasy was born on September 5th, 1976. Mishary Rashid Ghareeb Mohammed Rashid Al-Afasy (nicknamed Abu Nora), is an eminent and prolific Imam and an excellent Qur’an reciter hailing from Kuwait.

The Holy Quran was the subject of this Imam’s keen interest and learning and hence, it came as no surprise when he memorized the Book of Allah in a few years itself. Besides his melodious and emotional voice, he has managed to grab the attention of the bigwigs in the field of Islamic knowledge such as Sheikh Ibrahim Ali Shehata Al-Samanodi, the Sheikh Abdur Area Radwan, and also the great sheikh Ahmed Abdulaziz Al-Zaiat. The next step was his decision to pursue his higher education at the Islamic University of Madinah, Saudi Arabia.

The two famous links of the recitation of the Quran: TV Alafasy and Alafasy Q are managed by this great Imam and rightfully so. In a similar manner, numerous TV channels and radio stations have taken pride in broadcasting all his highly commendable productions.

Currently, Mishary Rashid Alafasy is leading the prayers as an Imam at Masjid Al-Kabir in Kuwait.


Leader of the Opposition (Portugal)

The Leader of the Opposition () is an unofficial honorary title given to the leader of the largest party in the Assembly of the Republic.

Rui Rio

Rui Fernando da Silva Rio (born 6 August 1957) is a Portuguese politician. He was the Mayor of Porto. 

On 13 January 2018, he was elected President of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) with 54% of the votes, becoming the Leader of the Opposition.

In the 2022 legislative elections, the Social Democrats lost 3 seats, taking them to 76 seats in the Assembly. In the aftermath of the election, Rio resigned from the party's leadership.

Michael Chapman (singer)

Michael Chapman (24 January 1941 – 10 September 2021) was an English folk singer-songwriter and guitar player. Chapman originally began playing guitar with jazz bands. He was born in Hunslet, Leeds, England. His career began in 1966.

Chapman died on 10 September 2021 at the age of 80.

Lucette Michaux-Chevry

Lucette Michaux-Chevry (5 March 1929 – 9 September 2021) was a French politician. She was the President of the Regional Council of Guadeloupe between 1992 and 2004. She was born in Saint-Claude, Guadeloupe. She was Mayor of Basse-Terre from 1995 until 2001 and again from 2008 until 2011. Michaux-Chevry was elected to the French Senate 1995.

Michaux-Chevry died on 9 September 2021 at the age of 92.

Bruce McFee

Bruce James McFee (18 May 1961 – 9 September 2021) was a Scottish National Party (SNP) politician. He was elected as a member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the West of Scotland region between 2003 until 2007. McFee was born in Johnstone, Scotland.

McFee died on 9 September 2021 in Paisley, Scotland from problems caused by a stroke, aged 60.

Robert A. Rovner

Robert A. Rovner (September 28, 1943 – September 8, 2021) was an American radio personality, politician and lawyer. He was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 6th district from 1971 to 1974. Rovner was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Rovner died in Philadelphia on September 8, 2021 at the age of 77.

Frederick L. Van Sickle

Frederick Leforest Van Sickle (January 31, 1943 – September 2, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington from 1991 until his death. He was nominated to the court by President George H. W. Bush. He was chief judge from 2000 until 2005. Van Sickle was born in Superior, Wisconsin.

Van Sickle died on September 2, 2021 in Spokane, Washington at the age of 78.

Charles Konan Banny

Charles Konan Banny (11 November 1942 – 10 September 2021) was an Ivorian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from 7 December 2005 until 4 April 2007.

Banny died on 10 September 2021 in Paris from COVID-19 at the age of 78.

Stephen H. Grimes

Stephen Henry "Steve" Grimes (November 17, 1927 – September 10, 2021) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a justice of the Florida Supreme Court from 1987 to 1996. He was Chief Justice from 1994 until 1996. Grimes was born in Peoria, Illinois. Grimes was appointed to the Florida Second District Court of Appeal in October 1973. He was chief judge from 1978 until 1980.

Grimes died on September 10, 2021 at the age of 97.

Kathryn Prescott

Kathryn Prescott (born 4 June 1991) is an English actress. She is best known for playing Emily Fitch on the teen drama television series "Skins" and Carter Stevens in the 2014 MTV drama "Finding Carter". Prescott was born in London. Her career began in 2008.

On 9 September 2021, Prescott was hit by a cement truck while crossing the road in New York City. She was hospitalized in critical condition with broken bones.

Gordon Spice

Gordon Spice (18 April 1940 – 10 September 2021) was a British racing driver. He competed in both sports cars and Touring Car racing in the 1960s and 1970s. An engineer, he also created the company Spice Engineering, where he designed and built cars. He was born in London.

Spice died of cancer on 10 September 2021 in London, aged 81.

Leif Frode Onarheim

Leif Frode Onarheim (23 August 1934 – 9 September 2021) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was President of the Federation of Norwegian Industries, and later of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. He was an elected member of the Storting from 2001 to 2005. Onarheim was born in Vestre Toten, Norway.

Onarheim died on 9 September 2021 in Oslo at the age of 87.

Burberry

Burberry is a British fashion house. It distributes ready to wear. Also Burberry designs fashion accessories, leather goods, cosmetics, trench coats, and also eyeglasses.

The first shop opened in Haymarket in London in 1891. 

Mariam Chabi Talata

Mariam Chabi Talata Zimé Yérima is a Beninese politician. Since 2012 she has been Vice President of the Republic of Benin.

Danjuma Laah

Danjuma Laah Tella (born February 16, 1960) is a Nigerian politician and the current senator representing Kaduna South Senatorial district of Kaduna state.

Guaraní people

The Guarani are a group of peoples of South America. They were in the continent before any European arrived there. They speak the Guarani language. In the present the Guarani people live in Paraguay, the Misiones Province of Argentina, southern Brazil once as far north as Rio de Janeiro, and parts of Uruguay and Bolivia.

Originally, they lived in Paraguay between the Uruguay River and lower Paraguay River. In Argentina in the Misiones Province. In Brazil from its south up to Rio de Janeiro. Also, in parts of Uruguay and Bolivia.

Today they still live in those areas, but their absolute and relative numbers were reduced by European colonisation and mixing up with Europeans. Most notably, the Guarani language, still widely spoken across traditional Guarani homelands, is one of the two official languages in Paraguay, the other one being Spanish.

Sverker Johannson

Sverker Johansson (born 1961) is a Swedish physicist, linguist, textbook author and university professor who created Lsjbot, a controversial Wikipedia bot.

Sverker Johansson studied technical physics at the University of Lund from 1979 to 1982. He moved to the University of Gothenburg in 1982 where he graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1984.

He performed basic military service at Eksjö and participated in research and experiments in particle physics and particle acceleration at the Super Proton Synchrotron (SPS) and the Large Electron-Positron Storage Ring (LEP).

From November 1990 to June 1992, with the support of the Manne Siegbahn Institute, research was carried out in the field of Neutrino Astronomy Research.

After moving to Jönköping in 1992, he devoted himself to linguistics. His book "Origins of Language, Constraints of Hypotheses, and Convergence Evidence in Language and Communication Studies", published in 2005, has been reviewed by the "Journal of Linguistics" and by American scientists.

From 2007 to 2012, Sverker Johansson served as project manager at the University of Chichester in the south of England. From 2009 to May 2013 he was appointed project manager at the university in Jönköping, where he met his wife.

In 2012, he finished his master's studies in linguistics and presented the theory that Neanderthals used language in "Essay on Neanderthal Language".

Lsjbot

Lsjbot is a controversial Wikipedia bot invented by Swedish physicist Sverker Johannson. It was originally invented for the Swedish Wikipedia, but later expanded to the Waray and Cebuano Wikipedias. The bot auto-creates articles, primarily about geography, plant and animal species, the Solar System and natural features such as lakes, rivers and mountains. Due to Lsjbot, the Swedish, Cebuano and Waray Wikipedias all have over 1 million articles. The bot is now inactive on the Swedish and Waray Wikipedias and while it remains active on the Cebuano Wikipedia, there currently are no mass-creation projects for articles on the wiki, according to Sverker himself. Some critics of the bot claim that the bot lacks the "human touch" that other articles written by others include, but Sverker denies those claims.


American Descendants of Slavery

American Descendants of Slavery, abbreviated as ADOS, refers to an ethnic and racial group composed of people whose ancestors were taken by force from sub-Saharan Africa to the United States starting from the 16th century until the 19th century and forced to work as slaves under threat of violence, including rape, torture and murder.

Saadi Yacef

Saadi Yacef (20 January 1928 – 10 September 2021) was an Algerian independence fighter and a politician. He was the leader of Algeria's National Liberation Front during his country's war of independence. He was a Senator in Algeria's Council of the Nation until his death. He was born in Algiers, Algeria. An actor, he appeared in The Battle of Algiers which was based on his 1962 memoirs "Souvenirs de la Bataille d'Alger". Yacef played a character modeled on his own experiences (named as Djafar) in the battle.

Yacef died on 10 September 2021 in Algiers at the age of 93. He was buried at the El Kettar cemetery in Algiers.

National Liberation Front

National Liberation Front may refer to:



Mohammed V of Morocco

Mohammed al-Khamis ben Yusef ben Hassan al-Alawi (), also known as Sidi Mohammed ben Yusef () or Mohammed V () (10 August 1909 – 26 February 1961), was Sultan of Morocco from 1927 to 1953. He became Sultan again after his return from exile in 1955. He was King from 1957 to 1961.


Aziz Akhannouch

Aziz Akhannouch (; born December 31, 1961) is a Moroccan politician and businessman. Akhannouch is the Prime Minister of Morocco since 2021. He was Minister of Agriculture from 2007 to 2021, and President of the regional council of Souss-Massa region from 2003 to 2007. He became Secretary General of National Rally of Independents party since 2016.

On the Forbes list of richest men in Africa in 2020, Akhennouch was 12th.

Marianne Battani

Marianne Olga Battani (May 18, 1944 – September 9, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. She was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 2000 until her death. She was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton. Battani was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Battani died on September 9, 2021 in Beverly Hills, Michigan from cancer, aged 77.

Derek Bailey (tribal chairman)

Derek J. Bailey (1972 – September 2, 2021) was an American tribal leader and convicted sex offender. He was Tribal Chairman of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians (GTB) beginning in 2008 until 2021. He also served prior on Tribal Council from 2004 to 2008. 

On October 1, 2011, Bailey announced his candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives in Michigan's 1st congressional district. During April 2012, Bailey ended his Congressional campaign effort. He was born in Traverse City, Michigan.

On May 11, 2015, he was arrested on child molestation charges. Bailey was sentenced to 25 to 50 years after being found guilty in Grand Traverse County.

Bailey died on September 2, 2021 from a heart attack in prison in Traverse City at the age of 48.

Suttons Bay Township, Michigan

Suttons Bay Township is a civil township and county seat of Leelanau County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,883 at the 2020 census.

Suttons Bay, Michigan

Suttons Bay is a village in Leelanau County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 613 at the 2020 census.

Leland, Michigan

Leland is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 410. It was the county seat of Leelanau County from 1883 to 2008.

Wayne State University

Wayne State University (WSU) is a public research university in Detroit, Michigan. It is Michigan's third-largest university. It was founded in 1868. 

Phùng Quang Thanh

Phùng Quang Thanh (2 February 1949 – 11 September 2021) was Vietnamese politician and general. Phùng Quang Thanh was an officer of the Vietnam People's Army and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam. 

Thahn died on 11 September 2021 in Hanoi, Vietnam from lung cancer at the age of 72.

Dalal bint Saud Al Saud

Dalal bint Saud Al Saud (died 10 September 2021) was a Saudi princess, activist, and philanthropist. She was a member of House of Saud. She was known for her activities about the welfare children. She was the daughter of King Saud. 

Princess Dalal was the first wife of Saudi royal and businessman Al Waleed bin Talal Al Saud.

In February 2021, Dalal had surgery to remove a tumor. She died on 10 September 2021 from the disease.

Limbo (video game)

Limbo is a puzzle-platform video game, developed and published by Playdead. Released on various consoles, such as PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Linux, Android, iOS, OS X, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation Vita and Nintendo Switch.

Life Begins at Eight-Thirty

Life Begins at Eight-Thirty is a 1942 American romantic drama movie directed by Irving Pichel and was based on the 1940 play "The Light of Heart" by Emlyn Williams. It stars Monty Woolley, Ida Lupino, Cornel Wilde, Sara Allgood, Melville Cooper, Lee Phelps, William Demarest and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jón Sigurðsson (politician, born 1946)

Jón Sigurðsson (23 August 1946 – 10 September 2021) was an Icelandic politician. He was the Minister of Industry and Commerce for the Progressive Party from 2006 until 2007. He was later elected party chairman from 2006 to 2007. He was Governor of the Central Bank of Iceland from 2003 to 2006.

In 2020, Sigurðsson was diagnosed with terminal prostate cancer. He died from the illness on 10 September 2021, aged 75.

Issei Kitagawa

Kitagawa died on September 7, 2021 in Osaka, Japan from prostate cancer, aged 78.

National September 11 Memorial &amp; Museum

The National September 11 Memorial & Museum (also known as the 9/11 Memorial & Museum) is a memorial and museum in New York City honoring the victims of the September 11, 2001 attacks, which killed 2,977 people, and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, which killed six. 

The memorial is located at the World Trade Center site, the former location of the Twin Towers that were destroyed during the September 11 attacks. 

A memorial was planned shortly after the attacks for the victims and those involved in rescue and recovery operations. The winner of the World Trade Center Site Memorial Competition was Israeli-American architect Michael Arad. The memorial has swamp white oak trees with two square reflecting pools in the center marking where the Twin Towers stood.

The reflecting pool of the memorial has the names of the victims who died during the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, United Airlines Flight 93, American Airlines Flight 11, American Airlines Flight 77, United Airlines Flight 175, collision of The Pentagon and the collapse of the World Trade Centers.

Tickets to the museum are $24, a price which has raised concerns and has been controversial.

The dead bodies of over 1,000 victims who could not be identified have been placed 70ft below the memorial in 2014.


Pentagon Memorial

The Pentagon Memorial is a memorial to the 184 people who died as victims in the building and on American Airlines Flight 77 during the September 11, 2001 attacks. It is located at The Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia. 

It was designed by Julie Beckman and Keith Kaseman. The memorial opened on September 11, 2008, seven years after the attack.

Flight 93 National Memorial

The Flight 93 National Memorial commemorates the crash of United Airlines Flight 93, which was one of four planes that was hijacked during the September 11 attacks. The memorial is located in Stonycreek Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania, about north of Shanksville and southeast of Pittsburgh.

The first phase of the permanent memorial was completed, opened, and dedicated on September 10, 2011.

Stonycreek Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania

Stonycreek Township is a township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,087 at the 2020 census. 

Safety in numbers

Individuals that are part of a larger group are less likely to be the victim of an accident, attack, or other bad event. This idea is called safety in numbers. Related theories show that mass behaviour can reduce accident risks. In the case of traffic safety, the effect really reduces the danger, rather than simply distributing it over a larger group.

The mathematical biologist W.D. Hamilton proposed his selfish herd theory in 1971. This theory tries to explain why animals seek central positions in a group: each individual can reduce its own danger by putting itself in a position with neighbours all around. So it moves towards the centre of the group. The effect was tested in brown fur seal predation by great white sharks. Decoy seals were used, and the distance between them was varied to produce different levels of danger. The seals in greater danger had (as predicted) an increased risk of shark attack. Antipredator adaptations include behaviour such as the flocking of birds, herding of sheep, and schooling of fish. Similarly, before jumping into the water, Adelie penguins wait until their group is large enough: this reduces the risk of seal predation for each penguin in the group. 

The same result can be seen when predators face a large number of prey animals: the chance of each prey animal surviving is greater.

In 1949 R. J. Smeed reported that per capita road death rates tended to be lower in countries where more people owned a motor vehicle. This observation led to Smeed's Law.

In 2003 P. L. Jacobsen compared rates of walking and cycling, in different countries. Jacobsen looked at the rates of collisions between motorists and cyclists or walkers. He found an inverse relationship. He used a concept called 'behavioural adaptation' to explain this. The concept says that drivers who are exposed to more cyclists on the road begin to drive more safely around them. Though an attractive concept for cycling advocates, it has not been empirically validated. Other combined modelling and empirical evidence suggests that while changes in driver behaviour might still be one way that collision risk per cyclist declines with greater numbers, the effect can be easily produced through simple spatial processes similar to the biological herding processes described above.

Without consideringthe other two hypotheses, Jacobsen concluded that "A motorist is less likely to collide with a person walking and bicycling if more people walk or bicycle." He described this theory as "safety in numbers."

Safety in numbers is also used to describe the following evidence: The number of pedestrians or cyclists correlates inversely with the risk of a motorist colliding with a pedestrian or cyclist. This non-linear relationship was first shown at intersections. Ecologic data from cities in California and Denmark, and European countries, as well as time-series data for the United Kingdom and the Netherlands confirmed it. The number of pedestrians or bicyclists injured increases at a slower rate than would be expected based on their numbers. That is, more people walk or cycle where the risk to the individual pedestrian or bicyclist is lower. A 2002 study looked at the question whether pedestrian risk decreased with pedestrian flow. The study used 1983-86 data from signalized intersections in a town in Canada. It found that in some cases pedestrian flow increased where the risk per pedestrian decreased.

After cycling was promoted in Finland, there was a 75% drop in cyclists deaths and the number of trips increased by 72%.

Between 2000 and 2008, serious bicycle injuries in England declined by 12%. Over the same period, the number of bicycle trips made in London doubled. Motor vehicle traffic decreased by 16%, bicycle use increased by 28% and cyclist injuries had decreased by 20% in the first year of operation of the London Congestion Charge.
In January 2008, the number of cyclists in London that had been treated in hospitals for serious injuries had increased by 100% in six years. Over the same time, they report, the number of cyclists had increased by 84%. In York, comparing the periods 1991-93 and 1996–98, the number of bicyclists killed and seriously injured fell by 59%. The percentaghe of trips made by bicycle rose from 15% to 18%.

In Germany, between 1975 and 2001, the total number of bicycle trips made in Berlin increased four-fold. Between 1990 and 2007, the percentage of trips made by bicycle increased from 5% to 10%. Between 1992 and 2006, the number of serious bicycle injuries fell by 38%. In Germany as a whole, between 1975 and 1998, cyclist fatalities fell by 66% and the percent of trips made by bicycle rose from 8% to 12%.

In America, during the period 1999-2007, the number of cyclists killed or seriously injured decreased by 29% and the amount of cycling in New York city increased by 98%.
In Portland, Oregon, between 1990 and 2000, the percentage of workers who commuted to work by bicycle rose from 1.1% to 1.8%. By 2008, the proportion has risen to 6.0%; while the number of workers increased by only 36% between 1990 and 2008, the number of workers commuting by bicycle increased 608%. Between 1992 and 2008, the number of bicyclists crossing four bridges into downtown was measured to have increased 369% between 1992 and 2008. During that same period, the number of reported crashes increased by only 14%.

In Copenhagen, Denmark, between 1995 and 2006, the number of cyclists killed or seriously injured fell by 60%. During the same period, cycling increased by 44% and the percent of people cycling to work increased from 31% to 36%.

In the Netherlands, between 1980 and 2005, and cyclist fatalities decreased by 58% and cycling increased by 45%.

During 7 years of the 1980s, admissions to hospital of cyclists declined by 5% and cycling in Western Australia increased by 82%.

Tak Mojo Mistake

Tak: Mojo Mistake (also called Tak 4 or Tak 5) is a 2D Action Adventure Video Game for the Nintendo DS. It was made by Nickelodeon and .

Tak finds himself exhausted from trying to help eveyone in his village. He decided to use his Juju magic create little helpers called Hackies. But when these little critters become unruly and unexpectedly multiply into hundreds, they invade both the Pupununu Village and The Juju Realm. Now Tak must do all he can to get rid of the troublemakers and restore balance to both worlds.

Tak's second DS adventure, "Tak: Mojo Mistake" takes him on a journey you won't recognize. It features additional content such as casting spells and mixing alchemical ingredients using the touch screen. Flip the DS sideways to play in the Juju Realm. Share ingredients with other players to create special spell "recipes".




"Tak: Mojo Mistake" recieved generally good reviews, but these reviews were better than it's companion, "Tak and the Guardians of Gross". IGN says:



Saleh Al-Fawzan

Saleh Bin Fawzan Al-Fawzan is considered to be the most senior scholar of the Salafi movement in Saudi Arabia. He is a member of the council of senior scholars and committee for fatwa and research. He has authored over 35 books and is one of the major Muftis in the country.


Al-Baqarah

Al-Baqarah, ("The Heifer" or "The Cow"), is the second and longest chapter ("surah") of the Quran. It consists of 286 verses ("āyāt").



Āyah

Ayah (Arabic: آية āyah, plural آيات āyāt); is the Arabic word for omen, sign, proof, commandment, law, rule and/or guidance. The word is usually used to refer to a verse of the Qur’an. An ayah is the smallest unit of the Qur’an; Muslims believe that each of the 6236 ayah of the Qur’an is a sign from God (called Allāh in Arabic). Chapters in the Qur’an, called surah in Arabic, are made up of several ayahs, though a sura may vary greatly in length, ranging from 3 to 286 ayahs. such as:

Al Imran

Al-Imran ( Arabic : آل عمران) is the third chapter of the Qur'an, with 200 verses and 20 ruku's. Surah Al-Imran was revealed in Medina.

Verses 33 to 35 of this Surah speak of "Ali-Imran" or "Descendants of Imran". Its name has been considered as a sign. (The correct pronunciation of the name of this surah is 'Ali Imran'). Imran is the grandfather of Isa (AS).

The first sermon starts from the first of the sura and continues till verse 32 and it was probably revealed near the battle of Badr.

The second speech starts from verse 33 and ends in verse 63 (up to the end of the 6th verse). It was revealed in the 9th Hijri when the Najran delegation arrived.

The third speech is from the beginning of the seventh ruku to the end of the twelfth ruku. It was revealed with the first speech.

The fourth discourse continues from the thirteenth ruku 'to the end of the surah. It was revealed after the battle of Uhod.

Verses: 

1: Alif Lam Meem. 

2: There is no god but Allah, He is the Ever-Living, the Possessor of all things. 

3: He has sent down to you the Book with the truth; Which confirms the previous books. 

4: The Torah and the Gospel have been sent down before this Book for the guidance of mankind, and the Revelation has been sent down. Indeed, those who disbelieve in the verses of Allah - for them is a severe punishment. And Allah is Mighty, Avenger. 

5: Nothing in the heavens and the earth is hidden from Allah. 

6: He is the God who shapes you in the womb as He wills. There is no god but Him. He is the Almighty, the Wise. 

7: He is the One who sent down the Book to you. There are some clear verses in it, they are the real part of the book. And the others are metaphorical. So those who have crookedness in their hearts, They follow the metaphors in them for the purpose of spreading sedition and misinterpretation. And no one knows their interpretation except Allah. And those who are deep in knowledge say: We believe in it. All this is a revelation from our Lord. And no one receives education except those who are endowed with understanding.

8: Our Lord! Thou wilt not lead our hearts astray after Our guidance, and bestow on us grace from Thee. You are the giver of everything. 

9: Our Lord! You will surely bring people together one day - there is no doubt about it. GOD does not fulfill His promise. 

10: Those who disbelieve, their wealth and their children will not avail them aught against Allah. And they are the fuel of Hell. 

11: The people of Pharaoh and those before them denied My revelations. As a result, GOD seized them for their sins, and GOD's retribution was severe. 

12: Tell the disbelievers that they will soon be defeated and driven to Hell. What a miserable position. 

13: Surely there was a sign for you between the two parties. A party fights in the way of Allah. And the other party was the disbelievers, who saw them with their own eyes. And whom Allah strengthens with His help. In the meantime, there are lessons for those who have vision. 

14: - Mankind has been fascinated by women, children, zodiac gold and silver, marked horses, cattle and farms. All these are the consumables of worldly life. The best refuge is with God. 

15: - Say, Shall I tell you to seek better than this? For those who guard (against evil), with Allah is Paradise, beneath which rivers flow, to abide therein forever. And pure companions, and the pleasure of Allah. And Allah is ever watchful over His servants.


An-Nisa

Surah An-Nisa ( Arabic: سورة النساء, Sūratu an-Nisā, meaning "female") is the fourth surah of the Muslim religious book, the Qur'an , with 176 verses and 24 ruku's. Surah An-Nisa has been revealed in Medina . This surah talks about how Muslims should lead their lives and stay united.

This Surah is the sum of several speeches. Probably from the end of the third Hijri to the end of the fourth Hijri or from the beginning of the fifth Hijri, different parts of it were revealed at different times. Although it is not possible to say exactly from which verse to which verse a revelation was included in a speech and what was the time of its revelation, some provisions and events have been pointed out somewhere to help us know the date of their revelation from tradition. . So with the help of these we can point out a general limit of these speeches containing these provisions and hints.

As we know, the provisions regarding the distribution of inheritance and the rights of orphans were revealed after the battle of Uhud. Then seventy Muslims were martyred. As a result of this incident, the question arose as to how the inheritance of the martyrs would be distributed in different houses of the small settlements of Medina and how the interests of the orphans they had left would be preserved. On the basis of this, we can assume that the first four verses, and the first three verses of the fifth verse will have been revealed at this time.

We find in the hadith the tradition of reciting the prayer of fear (praying while fighting) in the battle of Jatur Rika. This battle took place in the fourth Hijri. So it can be inferred here that the speech (15 Ruku) in which the rules of prayer have been explained will have been revealed in the near future.

Bani Nadir was expelled from Medina in the month of Rabiul Awwal of the fourth Hijri. Therefore, the last warning given to the Jews in this speech, "Believe me before I disfigure your face," can be presumed to have been revealed at a very near time.

Tayammum was allowed due to lack of water during the battle of Banil Mustaliq. And this battle took place in the fifth Hijri. Therefore, it should be remembered that the speech in which (7th Ruku) mentioned Tayammum was revealed at that time.


Al-Ma'idah

Surah Al-Maidah (Arabic: سورة المائدة) is the 5th surah of the Muslim religious book, the Qur'an , which has 120 verses and 18 ruku's. The Surah was revealed in Medina.

It is named after the word 'Maidah' mentioned in a verse of 15 Ruku of this Surah. The word mayidah means 'dining table' or 'a table in which food is served'. Like most of the surahs in the Qur'an, the name of this surah has nothing to do with its subject matter. It has been called by this name merely to distinguish it from other Surahs.

This Surah was revealed at the end of 6 AH or at the beginning of 6 AH after the Treaty of Hudaybiyyah . This is clear from the subject matter of the Surah and the various narrations of the Hadith also prove its authenticity. The event of the month of Zilqad in the sixth Hijri. Fourteen, with Muslims the Prophet Muhammad Umrah to perform there has arisen. But the Quraish disbelievers, out of enmity, completely opposed the oldest religious tradition in Arabia and did not allow him to perform Umrah . After much debate and debate, they agreed that next year you can come to visit the house of God. At this time, on the one hand, the Muslims had a KaabaIt was necessary to explain the rules of pilgrimage for the purpose of pilgrimage, so that the Umrah could be performed with full Islamic dignity next year, and on the other hand, it was necessary to urge them to respond to the excesses of the infidel enemies by not allowing them to perform Umrah. Let them take the lead, so that they may not again oppress the disbelievers. Because Hajj to many disbelieving tribesThe tour had to go through Muslim-dominated areas. In the same way that the Muslims were not allowed to visit the Ka'bah, they could have forcibly blocked the way of visiting the Ka'bah of these disbelieving tribes. This is the context in which the introductory speech at the beginning of this Surah is discussed. This issue has been raised again in the front thirteen ruku's. This proves that the same speech continues from the first ruku to the fourteenth ruku. In addition, all the other contents we find in this Surah seem to be of the same period

The continuity of the narration suggests that this entire surah is included in a single discourse and that it was probably revealed at the same time. Again, some of its verses may have been revealed later separately and due to the unity of content, they have been included in different places of this Surah. But nowhere in the continuity of narration is the slightest emptiness felt. As a result, there is no time to think of it as the sum of two or three speeches.


Al-An'am

Surah Al-An'am (Arabic: سورة الأنعام, "meaning the animal") Muslim religious texts of the Qur'an 6 Number of Surat , the number of verses 165 and the number of rukura. This Surah was revealed in Makkah . This Surah Allah's Oneness, punarutthana, Heaven and Hell have been discussed.

In this Surah, in the 16th and 18th Ruku, the imaginary and superstitious idea of ​​the Arabs regarding the prohibition of some An'am (domesticated animals) and the halal of some of them has been refuted. In this context, this Surah has been named Al An'am.

According to Ibn 'Abbas, this entire Surah was revealed in Makkah at the same time. Hazrat Asma bint Yazid , the cousin of Hazrat Muaz Ibn Jabal , said that this Surah was revealed while the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) was riding on a camel. Then I was holding the reins of her camel. Under the weight of the burden, the camel's condition had reached such a level that it seemed as if this understanding would break her bones. It is also clearly stated in the hadith that the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) recorded this Surah on the night it was revealed.

If we think about its subject matter, it is clear that this Surah would have been revealed towards the end of the Meccan period. The narration of Hazrat Asma bint Yazid also proves this to be true. Because he belonged to the Ansar. After the migration he converted to Islam. If he had attended the service of the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) in Makkah out of sheer devotion before accepting Islam, he would surely have been in the last year of his stay in Makkah. Earlier, his relationship with the people of Yasreb was not so close that one of their women could come to his service.


Al-A'raf

Surah Al-A'raf (Arabic: سورة الأعراف, meaning "high place") is the seventh book of the Muslim religious book, the Qur'an , with 206 verses and 24 ruku's. This Surah was revealed in Makkah . The central theme of this Surah is the call to believe in the Prophethood.

In verses 46 and 48 of this surah (in the fifth verse) the Araf or the people of Araf are mentioned in the Companions. That is why it is named Al Araf. In other words, the meaning of calling this Surah Surah Al-A'raf is that it is the Surah in which A'raf is mentioned.

Looking at the subject matter of this Surah, it is clear that this Surah was revealed at about the same time as Surah An-Amr . Of course, it cannot be said with certainty whether it was revealed before or after An'am. However, from the eloquence of the speech given in this Surah, it is clear that it is related to that time. Therefore, in order to understand its historical background, it is enough to take a look at the introduction written at the beginning of Surah An-Nam.


Phyllomedusa neildi

Phyllomedusa neildi is a frog that lives in Venezuela. Scientists have only seen this frog in one place: Sierra de San Luís. People have seen this frog between 550 and 1150 meters above sea level.

This frog is smaller than other frogs in "Phyllomedusa". The skin where its legs meet the body is striped white and pink.

This frog is awake at night. It lives in forests with leaves that fall and forests with trees that are evergreen. The female frog lays 250-280 eggs at a time and pulls one or two leaves around them.

Scientists do not know whether this frog is in danger of dying out, but they say that the forests where it lives are in a lot of danger. Human beings take wood to burn for fuel. Humans cut down forests to make towns and farms and places for goats to eat grass.

Al-Anfal

Al-Anfal (Arabic: الأنفال) Muslim religious texts of the Qur'an 8 Number chapter , verses 75. Surah Al-Anfal was revealed in Medina.

The name of this Surah is Surah Al-Anfal; This is because the word is mentioned in the first verse of the Surah, which means war-acquired wealth. Most of its descriptions are related to this. Some have even named it Surah Badr. [Bukhari: 482] Because, most of the discussion was about the battle of Badr. Some have also called this Surah as 'Jihad'.

This Surah was revealed in the second Hijri after the battle of Badr. This is a detailed review of the first battle between Islam and Kufr.


At-Tawbah

Surah At-Tawbah (Arabic: سورة التوبة , "Repentance"), also known as Surah Bar'ah or Bar'at (Rejection) is the ninth surah of the Muslim religious book, the Qur'an . This Surah was revealed in Medina and has 129 verses. Arabic repentance means forgiveness. It is called Surah Tawba, because it describes the acceptance of Muslims' repentance. The other name of the surah is Bara'at - it is called Bara'at because it refers to the separation of the disbelievers from the disbelievers and their release from responsibility.


Yunus (surah)

Surah Yunus (Arabic: سورة يونس) is the tenth surah of the Qur'an , a religious book for Muslims. This Surah was revealed in Makkah and has 109 verses. Koraana and the principles of Islam uddesyabali this Surah Tawheed , Prophethood , Hereafter etc. bisbacaracara the merits and the evidence showing the changing-changing events has been arranged to be understood better. Along with some didactic, historical events and the introduction of the story he has to be careful of all the people who have God, the Cherisher and the public on the signs do not think about it.


Al-Fatiha


The word Fatiha is derived from the Arabic word "Fathun" which means "opening up". It has been named in accordance with the content of this Surah. The one with the help of which a subject, book or thing is inaugurated is called 'Fatiha'. In other words, the word conveys the meaning of introduction and beginning of speech.

There are four other names of this surah in the hadith, one of which is Ummul. However, there are at least 23 titles of this surah in Islamic writing. It is called Saba Masani or the widely read seven verses.

There are several other names for this surah. Such as- Fatihatul Kitab, Ummul Kitab, Suratul-Hamd, Suratus-Salat, As-Sabi'ul Masani.

As this sura is the foundation of Islamic prayer, most Islamic scholars hold that it was revealed in Mecca early in Muhammad's career. One tradition has Ali ibn Abi Talib, Muhammad's son-in-law, one of his earliest followers and his rightful successor in the eyes of Shi'ite Muslims, saying: "The Opening of the Book was revealed in Mecca from a treasure beneath the divine throne." The eleventh-century Islamic scholar al-Wahidi relates a tradition in which the Fatiha constituted the first revelation of the Qur’an, rather than the famous demand from the angel that Muhammad "recite," which sura 96 currently enshrines as the first revelation of the Qur'an. Al-Awahidi adds, "This is also the opinion of Ali ibn Abi Talib." This belief persisted to the extent that the twelfth-century Persian Islamic Scholar and jurist Zamakhshari states that most Qur'an commentators at the time he was writing believed that the Fatiha was the first sura revealed. The idea is that the Fatiha was the beginning of the Qur'anic revelation. However, it is a minority view, with mainstream Islamic scholars today holding that sura 96, or at least the start of it, was the first revelation to come to Muhammad.

Instead of "Praise be to Allah," the seventeenth-century Shi'ite scholar Muhammad Baqir Majlisi has, "We greatly praise Allah."

Instead of "the compassionate, the merciful" "(ar-rahman ar-rahim)," a variant seen in Cairo by the Qur'anic scholar Arthur Jeffery (1892-1959) has "the sustainer, the merciful" (ar-razzaqi ar-rahimi).

Instead of "master of the day of judgment," the Warsh Qur'an has "king of the day of judgment."


Sukh Mhanje Nakki Kay Asta

Sukh Mhanje Nakki Kay Asta! (transl. What Exactly Is Happiness!) is a Marathi television drama series on Star Pravah produced by Mahesh Kothare and Adinath Kothare.






List of chapters in the Quran

Quran is divided into Surahs (chapters) and further divided...


The Last Girl (memoir)

The Last Girl: My Story of Captivity, and My Fight Against the Islamic State is a autobiographical book by Nadia Murad in which she tells how she was captured and enslaved by the Islamic State during the Second Iraqi Civil War. Murad won the 2018 Nobel Peace Prize for this book.

In the first part of the book, Murad writes about growing up in the Yazidi village of Kocho, Sinjar District. She lived there with her mother, two older sisters and eight older brothers. Murad writes about several disputes with nearby Sunni villages and terrorist attacks that she remembered. She then talks about the August 2014 occupation of Kocho by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. During the occupation, ISIS people killed many people in Kocho in a massacre. Some of the people of Kocho ran away to the Sinjar Mountains, and the rest were kidnapped by ISIS. The ISIS agents told the men still in Kocho that they had to change religions. The men of Kocho said no, and the ISIS agents killed them. Young women were kidnapped as sexual slaves. Murad criticized Peshmerga troops for running away from Kocho one day before the massacre.

In the second part of the book, Murad tells the readers about what happened to her during the Second Iraqi Civil War. ISIS agents took her and other women to an place in Solagh. She was then taken to Mosul, which had been captured by ISIS in June 2014. Yazidi women who weren't enslaved were attacked by anyone who wanted to hurt them. A high-ranking militant wanted to buy Murad, but she convinced a skinnier judge to buy her instead. When Murad was in Al-Hamdaniya District, she tried attempted to escape through a window. The guards who caught her raped her and sent her away to an ISIS checkpoint. She was imprisoned there and raped by people passing. Then she was bought by someone in Mosul again. There, she successfully and easily escaped that man, who had left the front door unlocked. She said that was miraculous.

In the third part of the book, Murad talks about how she escaped from ISIS-held territory. First, she walked around Mosul for almost two hours. Then she saw a family and asked them for help. They agreed to help her run away. Murad used fake identities to escape with the family's younger son. The family sent him away with Murad so he would not join ISIS. Murad and the boy entered Iraqi Kurdistan, but they kept their fake identities so that no one would use Murad's status as a former slave for political reasons. Murad found she could not leave Sulaymaniyah, so she decided to tell her story to the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan. The PUK gave the interview to the media, even though they had said they wouldn't. This meant that the family who had helped Murad in Mosul were in danger. Murad found some people from her family, and she waited to learn about the rest. Her mother had been killed in Solagh, and Nadia's niece Kathrine, who had tried to escape six times, had been killed in the same explosion blast that injured Lamiya Aji Bashar. Six of Murad's brothers had been killed, and one of her nephews had become an ISIS soldier.

Murad's attorney is Amal Clooney, a Lebanese-British barrister. Clooney wrote the foreword to "The Last Girl".
"The Last Girl" was released for sale in the UK, Germany and Netherlands on October 31, 2017. Rights to print the book were sold in twenty other territories. According to the Associated Press, Murad noted in a statement "that she had lost numerous friends and family members to ISIS and hoped her story would 'influence world leaders to act. The book was released right after the October 2017 Iraqi–Kurdish conflict.

First-wave feminism

First-wave feminism was a time of feminist activity and thought in the Western world. It happened during the 19th and early 20th century. It focused on laws about women, mainly giving women the right to vote. Later waves of feminism would focus on things like economic equality and social equality.

Journalist Martha Lear was the first to call it "first-wave feminism". She did this in an article she wrote for "New York Times Magazine" in March 1968. It was called "The Second Feminist Wave: What do these women want?" First-wave feminism focused on women's power under law. Second-wave feminism was about economic and social power, for example, equal pay for equal work.

In her book "The Second Sex," Simone de Beauvoir wrote that the first woman to "take up her pen in defense of her sex" was Christine de Pizan. Christine de Pizan wrote in the 15th century. Feminists Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa and Modesta di Pozzo di Forzi worked in the 16th century. Marie le Jars de Gournay, Anne Bradstreet and François Poullain de la Barre's Equality of sexes came out in 1673.















































































































































Tom yum

Tom yum or tom yam is a type of hot and sour soup that originated in Thailand. It is usually contains prawn. The other basic ingredients used for cooking this soup include lemon grass, galangal and kaffir lime leaves along with chillies, tomatoes, coriander and fish sauce.

Army general

Army general is a military term, title or name which many countries refer or give to the rank of general that usually command an army in the field. 

Janalynn Castelino

Janalynn Castelino (born October 18, 1998) is a pop & R&B singer, songwriter and doctor. She sings in many languages including English, Italian, Latin, Hindi, Spanish, etc.

Janalynn Castelino was born on October 18, 1998 to Roman Catholic parents Lorna & Joseph Castelino. She has Italian and Indian ancestry. 

Castelino started singing at an early age and was involved in the choir at her Church. Janalynn became popular in 2018, after she uploaded videos of herself performing covers songs on to YouTube. Her music video Binte Dil (Love Ballad) has been viewed more than 22 Million times on YouTube. In 2021, she featured on an interview with the American Songwriter Network. Janalynn appeared on the English digital edition of the L’Idea Magazine.



Ramón Colón-López

Ramón Colón-López (born October 21, 1971) is a United States Air Force pararescueman.

Devar Jee Angne Mein Hain!

Devar Jee Angne Mein Hain! (transl. Brother-in-law is in the courtyard ) is an Indian television Romance series. It aired from 8 March 2021 to 10 September 2021 on Sony SAB. It was produced by Edit II Production. It stars Priyamvada Kant and Gaurav Sareen.

"Devar Jee Angne Mein Hai" is about Madhav Agarwal, a happy-go-lucky boy and his life, how he comes to Delhi with his friend Manish aka Montu and his acting dreams and meets Anand Ahuja, a famous confectioner of Chandni Chowk. There he gets a job. He falls in love with his boss's daughter Sargam and how he keeps this secret from him.


Craig R. McKinley

Craig Richard McKinley (born May 6, 1952) is a retired United States Air Force general. He served as the 26th Chief of the National Guard Bureau that succeeded in getting four-star general.

Florida Air National Guard

The Florida Air National Guard (FL ANG) is an airforce organization of the State of Florida, United States of America. 

Murder of Dean Shillingsworth

Dean Shillingsworth (February 25, 2005 – October 11, 2007) was a 2-year-old boy who was murdered. Children discovered the body in a pond in Mandurama Reserve at Ambarvale, New South Wales, Australia on 17 October 2007. The child's body was wrapped in two plastic bags. It was inside a tartan suitcase. The body had been in the water for a long time, and had started to decompose. The local police set up a crime scene which was investigated by NSW Police Forensic Services Group.  The forensic evidence and investigation led to the boy's mother, Rachel Pfitzner, who lived in nearby Rosemeadow. Police later arrested her. She was charged with Dean's murder and sentenced to 25 and a half years in jail. 

Extinct (2021 movie)

Extinct is a 2021 American-Chinese computer animated comic science fiction adventure movie directed by David Silverman and Raymond S. Persi and produced by Timeless Films, China Lion, Tolerable Entertainment, Huayi Brothers, Huayi Tencent Entertainment, HB Wink Animation and Cinesite and distributed by Lionsgate and in VOD on November 19, 2021.

Additional voices: Jon Lovitz, Sydney Malmberg Liu, Maria Bamford, Terry Gross, Tom Kenny, Jason Hightower as Narrator, David Silverman as Cyclops, Brenden Patrick Hill, Benedict Wong, Raymond S. Persi, Julia Chan as Mrs. Sun, Little girl. 

 

Anthony Veasna So

Anthony Veasna So was an American writer. He wrote short stories.

National Public Radio (in USA) and Morgenbladet (in Norway), each had a book review about (his book), "Afterparties". The publisher of the book, is Ecco.

He was born in 1992 and died in 2020.

His parents were immigrants from Cambodia.

He died from a drug overdose; the death was an accident.

Khobar

Khobar is a city in the eastern province of Saudi Arabia, located on the coast of the Persian Gulf. It is one of the most populous cities in the Gulf Cooperation Council, with a population of 9,41,357 in 2012.

Abdulaziz Al Sheikh

Abdulaziz bin Abdullah Al-Sheikh ( "ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz ibn ʿAbd Āllah Āl ash-Sheikh"; born 30 November 1940), is a Muslim scholar and current Chief Mufti of Saudi Arabia. As Grand Mufti, he is the head of the Standing Committee on Islamic Studies and Fatwas on Issues.


Bismillahir Rahmanir Raheem

In the Name of Allah (SWT) the Merciful, the Compassionate or [ ﷽ ] Bismillahir Rahmanir Raheem (Arabic: 'بِسْمِ ٱللَّٰهِ ٱلرَّحْمَٰنِ ٱلرَّحِيمِ) is an Arabic phrase meaning "in the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful . " Bismillah is abbreviated. The Holy Qur'an 114 of Surah Al-repentance other than the rest of the chapter 113 starts with "Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim". It is also known from the hadith that the Prophet of Islam, Muhammad ,used to say "Bismillahir Rahmanir Raheem" ​​before starting any work. In many works there are instructions to say or write "Bismillahir Rahmanir Raheem". In legal terms, even if it is masnun or mustahab, its significance is very deep.


Yugo

The Yugo, also called Zastava Koral and Yugo Koral, was a subcompact hatchback vehicle. It was manufactured between 2000 and 2008 by the Zastava Automobiles, then a Yugoslavian vehicle-production company. Before 2000, these automobiles were produced from completely different vehicle-making businesses.

The first Yugo vehicles were produced in August 1953. They used designs licensed by Fiat of Turin. The cars came into the United States in 1985. The automobiles were called Yugo when being manufactured in the United States.

Yugo America sold these vehicles between August 1985 and 1992. They were called the worst vehicles in history.

Abimael Guzmán

Manuel Rubén Abimael Guzmán Reinoso (; 3 December 1934 − 11 September 2021), also known by his "nom de guerre" Chairman Gonzalo (), was a Peruvian Maoist leader. 

He founded the Communist Party of Peru – Shining Path in 1969. He led a terrorist campaign against the Peruvian government until he was arrested in September 1992. He was sentenced to life imprisonment for terrorism and treason.

In July 2021, Guzmán was hospitalized after refusing to eat. He died on 11 September 2021 in Callao, Peru at the age of 86.

Mick Tingelhoff

Henry Michael Tingelhoff (May 22, 1940September 11, 2021) was an American football center. He played for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL) from 1962 to 1978. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2015. He was born in Lexington, Nebraska.

Tingelhoff died on September 11, 2021 from cancer at the age of 81.

Tommy Hazouri

Tommy Hazouri (October 11, 1944 – September 11, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1974 to 1986. He was Mayor of Jacksonville from 1987 to 1991. Hazouri was born in Jacksonville.

Hazouri died on September 11, 2021 at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota ​from problems caused by a lung transplant at the age of 76.

Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger

Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger (14 April 189025 April 1947) was a German politician. He was an official and state secretary in the Reich Chancellery during the Nazi Germany era. He was the deputy head of the Reich Chancellery under Hans Lammers.

Kritzinger was eventually arrested, along with most of the other surviving members of the Wannsee Conference, in 1946. During the Nuremberg Trials, where he was a witness, he said he was ashamed of his actions during the Nazi regime. He was released in April 1946 but then arrested again in December of the same year. 

Muhammad Taqi Usmani

Justice Maulana Mufti Muhammad Taqi Usmani (born 1943) is a prominent Islamic figure in Pakistan. He is an expert in Islamic jurisprudence, hadith, economics and tasawwuf. He has been selected as the most influential Muslim person in the world. He is currently one of the most active figures in Islamic economics. He was a judge of the Central Shariah Court of Pakistan from 1980 to 1982 and the Shariah Appeal Bench of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from 1982 to 2002. He is the author of the famous commentary "Maariful Qur'an" by Mufti Shafi Usmani. Son and brother of two famous Islamic personalities Maulana Rafi Usmani and Maulana Wali Razi.There are many muslims loving with him but his Most Lover is Muhammad Rizwan Usmani (also called Muhammad Taqi-Ul-Din Al-mustahdi) because they became most familiar with their abilities and also most familiar with their ideas .R Usmani also have some access to sciences and arts.And has a ability of poetry in common with him .His writing style of urdu literature is also similar to him .He is also familiar with Arabic,Urdu & English.They both seem to have some skills in common .If this continuous, nothing can stop him from becoming like Mufti Usmani which he also want to be like them .Taqi Usmani is also President of Jamia Dar Ul Uloom Karachi & Wifaq Ul Madaris Al Arabia Pakistan.He is Chairman of Many Shariah Boards of Islamic Banks .


Peter Arnold (cricketer)

Arnold Peter Arnold (16 October 1926 – 7 September 2021) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played first-class cricket from 1951 to 1960. He was a right-handed batsman. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand. He played for Northamptonshire from 1951 to 1960, and for Canterbury in New Zealand for one season in 1953–54. He retired as a player in 1960 to concentrate on his business interests.

Arnold died on 6 September 2021 at the age of 94.


Mufti

Mufti (/ˈmʌfti/; Arabic: مفتي‎), an Islamic legal authority who gives a formal legal opinion (fatwa) in answer to an inquiry by a private individual or judge. A fatwa usually requires knowledge of the Qur'ān and Hadith (narratives concerning the Prophet’s life and sayings), as well as knowledge of exegesis and collected precedents, and might be a pronouncement on some problematic legal matter.


Guilherme Posser da Costa

Guilherme Posser da Costa (born 18 May 1953) is a São Toméan politician. He was the Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe from 1999 to 2001.

Posser da Costa was Minister of Foreign Affairs: 1987-1988, 1990-1991, and 1994-1996. He unsuccessfully ran for President of São Tomé and Príncipe in 2021, losing to Carlos Vila Nova.

Leylah Fernandez

Leylah Annie Fernandez (born 6 September 2002) is a Canadian professional tennis player. She won her first WTA Tour singles title at the 2021 Monterrey Open. She has a career-high singles ranking of world No. 66. She made it to the 2021 US Open final but lost. She was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Laura Ziskin

Laura Ellen Ziskin (March 3, 1950 – June 12, 2011) was an American movie producer. She was the executive producer of the romantic comedy "Pretty Woman" (1990). She was the first woman to produce the Academy Awards telecast alone. Ziskin was born in San Fernando Valley, California. 

Ziskin was married to Alvin Sargent between 2010 until her death. 

Ziskin died on June 12, 2011 from breast cancer in Santa Monica, California at the age of 61.

Hallsville, Texas

Hallsville is a city in Harrison County, Texas, United States.

Scottsville, Texas

Scottsville is a city in Harrison County, Texas, United States.

Groves, Texas

Groves is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States.

Nome, Texas

Nome is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States.

Port Neches, Texas

Port Neches is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States.

Taylor Landing, Texas

Taylor Landing is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States.

Reno, Lamar County, Texas

Reno is a city in Lamar County, Texas, United States.

Roxton, Texas

Roxton is a city in Lamar County, Texas, United States.

Sun Valley, Texas

Sun Valley is a city in Lamar County, Texas, United States.

Toco, Texas

Toco is a city in Lamar County, Texas, United States.

Bridge City, Texas

Bridge City is a city in Orange County, Texas, United States.

Pine Forest, Texas

Pine Forest is a city in Orange County, Texas, United States.

Pinehurst, Orange County, Texas

Pinehurst is a city in Orange County, Texas, United States.

Rose City, Texas

Rose City is a city in Orange County, Texas, United States.

West Orange, Texas

West Orange is a city in Orange County, Texas, United States.

Hideaway, Texas

Hideaway is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States.

Lindale, Texas

Lindale is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States.

New Chapel Hill, Texas

New Chapel Hill is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States.

Noonday, Texas

Noonday is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States.

Whitehouse, Texas

Whitehouse is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States.

Lake Bridgeport, Texas

Lake Bridgeport is a city in Wise County, Texas, United States.

New Fairview, Texas

New Fairview is a city in Wise County, Texas, United States.

Paradise, Texas

Paradise is a city in Wise County, Texas, United States.

Runaway Bay, Texas

Runaway Bay is a city in Wise County, Texas, United States.

Black stilt

The black stilt or kaki ("Himantopus novaezelandiae") is a bird in the family Recurvirostridae. It lives in New Zealand.

This bird has black feathers and long legs.

The black stilt lives next to rivers and lakes, in swamps and by ponds. It goes to rivers, streams, or swamps to lay eggs. It goes further inland for the winter. But because these areas are usually close to each other, scientists do not think of it as a migratory bird.

This bird wades into the water to look for food.

As of 2021 there were about 170 of these birds alive in the wild. In 1981, there were only 23 birds. There are fewer of them because of invasive species, animals that humans brought to New Zealand. Cats and ferrets kill many stilts, chicks, and eggs. Human beings also change the places where the birds like to live. Human beings using the seashore for work or fun can scare the adult birds away from the nests. They can accidentally kill the chicks or eggs.

The Kakī Recovery Programme keeps some breeding pairs. They put the eggs in incubators until they hatch. They raise the chicks by hand until they are too big for cats or ferrets to eat easily. They also take eggs from wild nests. That way, predators cannot eat the parents as they sit on the nest.

In some parts of New Zealand, for example Tasman River, human beings try to stop the predators from eating the birds. It has worked.

Craig Plestis

Craig Plestis is the president and CEO of Smart Dog Media, a reality programming production company. Pletis is an executive producer of "The Masked Singer" and "I Can See Your Voice". Pletis was the executive producer behind the NBC singing game show, "The Winner Is" hosted by Nick Lachey, in parnership with Taipa Media. Pletis was also the creator and executive producer of more than 70 episodes of the game show hits "Minute to Win It", hosted by Guy Fieri, and the winner of the International FRAPA Award for the Best Studio Based Game Show. He also executive produced NBC's "Who Still Standing?", a game show that featured contestants falling through trap doors after answering trivia questions incorrectly.

Later, Smart Dog Media launched "Robot Combat League", the world's first giant fighting robot competition series for the Syfy Channel in 2013.

As the NBC's former Executive Vice President, Alternative Programming, Craig Pletis oversaw all alternative programming and development for the network, including the game show hit series "Deal or No Deal", "The Biggest Loser", "The Apprentice", "The Singing Bee", "America's Got Talent", and "1 vs. 100", among others. His responbilities also included overseeing NBC's Golden Globe Awards.

In March 2021, it was reported that Pletis had strikes a deal with Japan's Tokyo Broadcasting System to develop unscripted formats, for the U.S. and Global markets. One month later, he became executive producer for the new TV series "Unicorn Hunters", a business investment show.


Ilyas Qadri

Muhammad Ilyas Attar Qadri (; born 12 July 1950) is a Pakistani Islamic scholar. He belongs to the Rizvi Qadri Sufi order. Qadri is a widely-respected sheikh with a significant global following which is supported by the Madani TV Channel. In 1981, the Sheikh founded Dawat-e-Islami, a Sunni Barelwi revivalist movement with hundreds of thousands of followers in Pakistan and over 180 other countries. It centres on the propagation of Islamic knowledge and manages two main activities: the Jamia-tul-Madina chain of religious schools, and the non-commercial Madani TV channel. 

Ilyas Qadri's Memon ancestors hailed from the village of Kutyanah in Junagarh, Gujarat, India. His father dedicated many years to the Hanafi Memon Mosque in Pakistan, serving in various roles. Following Pakistan's formation, his parents immigrated to the country, initially settling in Hyderabad and later relocating to Karachi.

Ilyas Qadri himself was born into a Memon family on July 12, 1950, in Karachi.

Qadri pursued his studies for 22 years under the guidance of Grand Mufti of Pakistan, Muhammad Waqaruddin Qadri, at Darl Uloom Amjadia, Karachi.

Dawat-e-Islami
Dawat-e-Islami has played a significant role in advancing Islamic education. It has established schools where both children and adults study and memorize the Quran, along with Jamia-tul-Madina, which provides instruction in the Dars-e-Nizami curriculum.

Dawat-e-Islami encompasses various departments, including Islamic Jurisprudence, Madani Channel, Madrasa tul Madinah, Jamia-tul-Madina, Departments of Mosque Service, Madani Inamat, and Madani Qafila.

Qadri became a disciple of Ziauddin Madani, who himself was a student of Ahmad Raza Khan. Fadlur Rahman and Waqar-ud Din granted him authorization in Sufism. Shariful-Haq Amjadi bestowed upon him the authority to represent all four major Sufi orders: Qadriyyah, Chishtiyyah, Naqshbandiyyah, and Suhrawardiyya. Amjadi also granted him ijazah to transmit ahadith.


Qubo Night Owl

The Qubo Night Owl was a programming block at night that ran from 12AM to 6AM (Eastern Time). Originally the block was similar to Nick at Nite, as it was aimed at adults who grew up on the Filmation slate (He-Man, She-Ra, Ghostbusters, and BraveStarr), with newer shows airing at the tail end. In August 2013, however, the contract for the Filmation shows lapsed and newer acquisitions filled the block. The block suffered network decay (or in this case, "block decay") for most of its run, adding preschool shows and shows for older kids that would be normally seen during the daytime hours as opposed to the undesirable graveyard slots. After five and a half years of abandoning its original focus, the block appeared for the final time on January 7, 2019 as it was replaced with infomercials the following day, marking the first time the channel has followed the trope of networks airing infomercials during the graveyard hours (even though it was stated in a 2010 sizzle reel that they would never do such a thing, proving further that time does fly by fast in a decade). From the screen bug for Qubo Night Owl only appeared during the midnight hour (when Sidekick, Zoo Clues and Safari Tracks usually aired at the time). As of June 17, 2019, the Qubo Night Owl screenbug no longer appears.

Rakat

Rak'ah ( ركعة‎‎ rak'ah, plural: ركعات rakaʿāt), consists of the prescribed movements while offering prayers to God (Allah). It refers to a single unit of Islamic prayers.


On Friday, the Friday prayer, the noon prayer, the prayer is not obligatory two rakaata.

Sujud

Sujud (Arabic: سُجدة), or prostration (Arabic: سجدة), also known as sijdah is a part of prayer. Standing from ruku, then prostration is done by touching the forehead and nose on the ground. At the same time the knees and palms are placed on the ground. Sijdah is one of the essential parts of prayers. The prostration is to face the Kaaba. During Sijdah, one has to recite Tasbeeh of Subhana Rabbiyal Ala (سُبْحَانَ رَبِّيَ الْأَعْلَى).


Unayzah

Unayzah (Paris Najd) is one of Al-Qassim cities which are located in Saudi Arabia. It is an ancient historical city. The city got its importance long ago due to its unique geographical location. It is in the north central part of Najd plateau and toward the south of the stream of Arrimah valley, the largest valley in the Arabian Peninsula.


Eternal Sonata

Eternal Sonata is an role-playing video game developed by tri-Crescendo and published by Namco Bandai Games.

Traditionalist theology (Islam)

Traditionalist theology (Arabic: الأثرية‎—al-Aṯharīya) is an Islamic scholarly movement, originating in the late 8th century CE, who reject rationalistic Islamic theology (kalam) in favor of strict textualism in interpreting the Quran and Hadith. The name derives from "tradition" in its technical sense as a translation of the Arabic word athar. It is also sometimes referred to by several other names.

Traditional theology spread in the late eighth century AD among muhaddiths, who regarded the Qur'an and pure hadith as the only acceptable source of law and religion.

Ahmad ibn Hanbal

Imam Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Hanbal Abu Abdullah Al-Shaibani (780–855 AD/164-241 AH) (), was a famous Islamic figure, scholar of Islamic law and hadith. One of the four traditional schools of Islam, the Hanbali school, is based on its interpretation. Imam Ahmad Shaikhul Islam is known in the Muslim world. Musnad, a collection of hadiths compiled by Imam Ahmad, is considered his great work.


Yoshinori Ono

Yoshinori Ono () is a Japanese video game producer and former sound producer and composer. He joined Capcom in 1998, where he acted as producer of "Street Fighter" series up to "Street Fighter V".

Michelle Benson

Michelle Benson (born September 11, 1968, western Minnesota) is an American accountant and politician. She is a member of the Republican Party. She is a member of the Minnesota Senate for District 31. The district includes sections of Sherburne, Isanti and Anoka counties near the northern Twin Cities regional area.

During 2010, Benson went against incumbent Debbie Johnson for the Republican nomination. She won the nomination and later the election. Benson co-authored a bill that allowed businesses and individuals to discriminate against same-sex couples. She voted against legislation that would have increased penalties for hate crimes.

Benson began her campaign to be the first female Governor of Minnesota on September 1, 2021.

Muhammad ibn Ibrahim Al ash-Sheikh

Muhammad ibn Ibrahim ibn Abd al-Latif ibn Abd al-Rahman ibn Hassan ibn Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Al ash-Sheikh Al Tamimi (1893-1989) was an Islamic scholar and former Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia. He served as Grand Mufti from 1953 until his death in 1989. He was considered a respected scholar during the reigns of three successive kings of Saudi Arabia.

Street Fighter (1994 movie)

Street Fighter is an American 1994 action movie written and directed by Steven E. de Souza, it is based on the video game series of the same name published by Capcom. Distributed by Universal Pictures in the United States and internationally by Columbia Pictures.


Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia

Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia is the highest religious authority in the country. The king himself appointed one to the post. The ex-officio Grand Mufti became a permanent member of the Standing Committee on Ilmi Research and Fatwas.

Grand mufti is the most powerful religious authority in Saudi Arabia . His main job is to issue fatwas on various legal and social issues. The court system in Saudi Arabia is greatly influenced by his fatwa.


Serta

Serta is an American company. It specializes in developing and making mattresses. The company is based in Hoffman Estates, Illinois.

Grand Mufti

Mufti (Arabic: mfty am mufti am  or kbyr almftyn kabir al-muftin ) mainly Sunni and ibadi Muslim countries, Islamic religious maximum terms. He mainly provides detailed explanations and fatwas on Islamic jurisprudence. He also assists state judges in the trial.

Pumyat

A pumyat or pumyaat (/poom-yaat/) is a traditional Meitei dress, worn by menfolk on special occasions. It is popularly worn in ceremonial occasions as a common dress in Manipur, North East India. It is mainly white in colour. Typically, a pumyat is a shirt with long sleeves. 

In Meitei culture, a "pumyat" should always pairs with a pheichom (pheijom). This is also a common to the wedding bridegrooms in Meitei matrimony, with the addition of a kokyet (headdress). It is slightly similar to the kurtas, worn by the mainland Indian menfolk.

Life with Father (movie)

Life with Father is a 1947 American comedy movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the 1935 autobiographical novel and adapted from the 1939 play of the same name. It stars William Powell, Irene Dunne, Elizabeth Taylor, Edmund Glenn, Jimmy Lydon, ZaSu Pitts, Emma Dunn, Elisabeth Risdon and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1948.


Flatliners (2017 movie)

Flatliners is a 2017 American Canadian science fiction horror movie directed by Niels Arden Oplev and is the remake of the 1990 movie of the same name. It stars Elliot Page, Diego Luna, Nina Dobrev, Kiersey Clemons, Kiefer Sutherland, Jenny Raven.


Maymunah bint al-Harith

Maymunah bint al-Harith al-Hilaliyah (Arabic: ميمونة بنت الحارث الهلالية, Maymūnah bint al-Ḥārith al-Hilālīyah, 594-63) was the wife of the last prophet of Islam, Muhammad. Her real name was Barrah, but Muhammad changed her name to Maymuna.


Muhammad's wives

Eleven women were confirmed to be married to the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Muslims use the term Umm al-Mu'minin (Arabic: أم ٱلْمُؤْمِنِين‎; meaning 'Mother of the Believers' from ) before or after the names of Muhammad's wives as a sign of respect.


Notes



Bisi Alimi

Bisi Alimi (born 17 January 1975) is a Nigerian HIV and LGBT advocate who gained international attention when he became the first Nigerian to come out on television.

Alimi came out as gay on a live television show in 2004. After the broadcast he was disowned by his family and arrested. He fled Nigeria in 2007 and claimed asylum in the UK, becoming a British citizen in 2014.

Alimi launched the Bisi Alimi Foundation in 2015, supporting research to influence rights for lesbian, gay and bisexual people in Nigeria.

In a 2014 interview on CNN, Alimi summarized their experience as: "And I had to, you know, face three years' ordeal in Nigeria which was very difficult. I couldn't get a job. I left university. Nobody was going to employ me. My life was constantly in danger. I was always beaten, arrested by the police, discharged. I was living for the day until when I had the opportunity to move to the United Kingdom."

John Challis

John Spurley Challis (16 August 1942 – 19 September 2021) was an English actor. He was born in Bristol, England. His career began in 1964. He was best known for playing Terrance Aubrey "Boycie" Boyce in the long-running BBC Television sitcom "Only Fools and Horses" (1981–2003) and its sequel/spin-off "The Green Green Grass" (2005–2009). He also played Monty Staines in the ITV sitcom "Benidorm" from 2015 to 2018.

On 6 September 2021, Challis announced that he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2019. He died two weeks later on 19 September from the disease, aged 79.

Simon Shnoll

Simon El'evich Shnol (; 21 March 1930 – 11 September 2021) was a Russian biophysicist, and a historian of science. He was a professor at Moscow State University. He was a member of Russian Academy of Natural Sciences from 1990 until his death. 

Most of his works were about the oscillatory processes in biology, the theory of evolution, chronobiology, and the history of science.

Shnoll died in Moscow on 11 September 2021 at the age of 91.

Zombie bank

A zombie bank is a special case of a zombie company. It is a financial institution that has a net worth of less than zero. Usually, such companies file for bankruptcy. Like a zombie company, the zombie bank is still able to pay the short-term liabilities (such as the interest on its loans). It doesn't have enough money to repay the loans, though. If the interest rates are low, this will help zombie banks. Zombie banks, like zombie companies can be saved from bankruptcy, but usually they need a large (and costly) reorganization.

The term zombie bank (and zombie company) was first used to refer to a period of Japanese economy, in the 1990s: This period is known as Lost Decades, today.

Xia Yong

Xia Yong (Chinese: 夏永) was a painter during Yuan dynasty in 14th century.



Huang Daopo

Huang Daopo (Simplified Chinese: 黄道婆; Traditional Chinese: 黃道婆, 1245 – 1330) was a businesswomen whose rose from proverty to one of the most famous women in the early Chinese Textile Industry.

Kilab ibn Murrah

Kilab ibn Murrah (Arabic: كِلَاب ٱبْن مُرَّة) (born 373 AD), was the ancestor of the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him).


Sawdah bint Zam'ah

Sawdah bint Zam'ah was Muhammad's wife and was revered by Muslims as Ummat ul-Mu'mineen.


Stephanie Rose

Stephanie Rose is the first open Nigerian transgender woman.

She was a law student at Obafemi Awolowo University until being expelled in 2001 due to "identity crisis". After moving to live in the Netherlands, Rose had gender corrective surgery.

Hafsa bint Umar

Ḥafṣah bint 'Umar (Arabic: حفصة بنت عمر‎; c. 605–665), was the wife of the last prophet Muhammad. That is why he is respected as Ummat al-Mu'mineen. She was the daughter of the second caliph Umar ibn al-Khattab. He was born around 605 AD. This year the Quraish rebuilt the Kaaba.

Zaynab bint Khuzayma

Zaynab bint Khuzayma (Arabic: زينب بنت خزيمة, Umm al-Miskin , known as the "mother of the poor", born 595 CE) is a daughter of the Sulaim tribe of Arabia. Her first husband's name was Abdullah bin Jahash. He was martyred in the battle of Uhud on the 8th of Shawwal month of the third Hijri. Send marriage proposal to Zainab. If Zainab agreed to the proposal of the Prophet. He married her at the end of the month of Jilhaj this year with a dowry of 400 dirhams.

Umm Salama

Umm Salama Hind bint Abi Umayya (Arabic: هند بنت أبي أمية) (c. 580 or 596 – 680 or 683) or abbreviated Umm Salamah or Hind bint Suhail (هِنْد ٱلْمَخْزُومِيَّة) is a wife of the Prophet Muhammad of Islam. Her real name was "Hind Al-Makhzumiya ".

Zaynab bint Jahsh

Zaynab bint Jahsh (Arabic: زينب بنت جحش; c. 590–641) was Muhammad's cousin and his wife. For this reason, the Mother of the Believers Muslims as the honor.

Akwaeke Emezi

Akwaeke Emezi is a Nigerian Igbo and Tamil writer and video artist, best known for their 2018 debut novel Freshwater. Emezi identifies as non-binary.


Hawaii's congressional districts

The U.S. state of Hawaii is divided into two congressional districts () for representation in the United States House of Representatives.

This is a table of congressional district boundary maps in the State of Hawaii.

Phyllomedusa boliviana

The red-rimmed leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa boliviana") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay. People have seen it between 200 and 1800 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog on the sides of the Andes Mountains, where the ground is dry, in forests and near forests. People have also seen the frogs in places that people have changed, such as human-made ponds and places where cows drink water.

The female frog finds a leaf hanging over the water. She pulls the leaf into a cone shape. She lays her eggs in the cone. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. The frog might have problems in a few places where human beings go into the forests to cut wood for fuel. Scientists think this might be more than one species of frog and think they should look at this frog more to be sure.

Wisconsin's 1st congressional district

Wisconsin's 1st congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in southeastern Wisconsin. It covers Kenosha County, Racine County, and most of Walworth County, as well as portions of Rock County, Waukesha County, and Milwaukee County. The district's current representative is Republican Bryan Steil. 

Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district

Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in southern Wisconsin. It covers Dane County, Iowa County, Lafayette County, Sauk County and Green County, as well as portions of Richland County and Rock County.  The district includes Madison, the state's capital, its suburbs and some of the areas nearby. 

The district's representative has been Democrat Mark Pocan since 2013.

The Day of the Jackal

The Day of the Jackal is a book. Frederick Forsyth wrote it in 1971. It became a bestseller. It is about a plot to kill French head of state Charles De Galle in the summer of 1963.

As a result of the French Goverment decision to grant Independence to Algeria, a group of former French officers decide to take over the government. They decide to kill Charles De Galle.

They hire an international assassin called "the Jackal" to kill de Galle. By accident, the French Secret Service learns of the plot. The French Secret Service searches for the criminal with help from British MI6. They try to stop the killer and the killer tries not to be caught.

The Jackal almost kills Charles de Galle.

The Jackal is in his early 30s and has blond hair and cold gray eyes. He speaks the French language very well. He hides his identity using fake passports. He learned to kill people as a mercenary in the Congo. He only takes very expensive "jobs." 

In 1977 a British-French movie was made. It was close to the book.

Hamis Kiggundu

Hamis Kiggundu (born 10 February 1984), is a Uganda-based multinational businessperson, Internet business starter, money-giver (to charity), and book writer.

He is the founder of the Ham Group of Companies a multinational company , and the writer of "Success and Failure Based on Reason and Reality" and "Reason as the World Masterpiece".

He is one of the richest people in Uganda with a Net Value of US $870 million employing about 7,000 people as reported by Forbes (March 2021 Forbes).

In March 2020, Kiggundu was featured in Ugandan media for his court fight against Diamond Trust Bank. He accused (of a crime) that the bank cheated him over $30 million over the course of 10 years.

Kiggundu is the son of Haruna Segawa, who is part of a family with much property investments in Kampala.

Kiggundu is a Muslim.

Kiggundu was born in 1984 in the Kalungu Masaka District in the Central area of Uganda. He attended his elementary education in Masaka, joined Kabojja International School in Kampala District for his high school education and later graduated from Makerere University with a degree in Laws.

He joined the Law Development Center where he graduated with a diploma in legal practice.

During his Middle School holidays in 2003, his parents gave reasonable capital to start a business and he started small and locally, trading in commodities and merchandise from firsthand importers abroad and selling them at a profit. With increased capital inflow, he progressed to a firsthand importer and started importing commodities from: China, Thailand, Hong Kong and Dubai. He could distribute them on wholesale both in Ugandans and neighboring countries like Kenya, Tanzania, Burundi, Congo and Sudan. Hamis accumulated more capital and upgraded to real estate, mainly buying and selling land and properties at a profit before he incorporated Ham Enterprises (U) Ltd and progressed to constructing and owning his commercial properties. Hamis has now diversified into large scale industrialization, mainly focusing on Agro processing and value addition. He has embarked on a US$156 million project in the central region where advanced Integrated Agro-Processing Industrial Plants (IAIP) are being setup at Akright City as a pioneer project, with a goal of providing value addition for resident and international consumption of Uganda's Agro produce. The project aim is to promote import substitution by adding value to local produce rather than importation of agro-processed products. Silos (Storage Units) of over 500,000 metric ton, have already been established as reported by Forbes.

In 2015, President Museveni directed Kiggundu to re-construct and increase the capacity of Nakivubo Stadium into a modern state of the art sports facility with larger capacity. The Redevelopment works are a joint venture between the government of Uganda as the owner and Kiggundu as the developer through his company Ham Enterprises and ROKO Construction as the lead contractor.

In February 2017, Kiggundu smashed the timeworn structures and fenced off the entire stadium area to prepare for fresh construction works to commence.

In June 2017, construction works kick-started and the stadium took shape.

The entire an estimated cost of US$139 million according to Forbes Africa.

In June 2018 Kiggundu wrote "Success and Failure Based on Reason and Reality" which advises on financial success and the need to have a sense of purpose. The Book became a bestseller in Uganda and by December 2018. It was nominated and consequently won an award of Business Motivational Book of the year from The National Book Forum of Uganda.

In June 2019 Hamis' book was reviewed, evaluated and eventually adopted by the Uganda Ministry of Education and Sports through the National Curriculum Development Center which put it on the "Uganda school curriculum."

In February 2021, Kiggundu wrote a second book and "Reason as the World Masterpiece", a self-improvement book that focuses deeply on information about prosperity, self-development and advocates on the world human challenges, the solution to Africa's problems and Uganda's direct path from poverty to prosperity, with use of reason.

In 2019 he started Ham Foundation, a charity organization to improve on the people's lives and their communities.

In March 2020, Kiggundu through his Ham Foundation donated over 200 bicycles, Qurans, and prayer mats to Muslim clerics in the Greater Masaka Region of Uganda.

In April 2020 Kiggundu donated food relief to Uganda's COVID-19 task force. He also donated food supplies to over 100 Ugandan journalists through the Uganda Journalists Association but was also criticized for providing cash handouts to journalists.

In July 2021, Kiggundu donated to the Uganda Government 15,000 COVID-19 Vaccines doses doses for his employees and other Ugandans and additionally called upon Ugandan Corporate Entities to join him in saving lives as a way of giving back to the Ugandan Community where they operate.

In March 2020, Kiggundu was featured prominently boldly and clearly in Ugandan media for his court battle against Diamond Trust Bank. He alleged that the bank defrauded him over $30 Million (UGX 34.29 billion and USD 23. 4million) over the course of 10 years. He dragged the bank to the high court of Uganda under what he called "unclear debits" from his bank accounts.

In October 2020, Kiggundu won the case and the Ugandan High Court ordered Diamond Trust Bank to refund all the unlawfully withdrawn monies totaling to UGX 34.29 billion and US$23.4 million with an additional 8% interest for legal costs.

The court additionally ordered the bank to unconditionally release/discharge all mortgages allegedly created over all Kiggundu's properties and all corporate and personal guarantees issued by Kiggundu. The court also issued a permanent order to prevent DTB from enforcing the mortgages over Kiggundu's properties.

Diamond Trust Bank later appealed the decision in the High Court and were issued an order halting payment of the monies to Ham

In 2023, Kiggundu was awarded in recognition and celebration of his exceptional contributions to rejuvenating Africa through entrepreneurship and iconic real estate development at the Pan African Pyramid Global Awards 6th Edition organised and held in Kampala by Pan-African Pyramid (PAP). 

In 2018 Kiggundu was given an award as an acknowledgement for his book, "Success and Failure Based on Reason and Reality". It was nominated the best book of the year in the category of "Business Motivation" at an event held by the Book Forum of Uganda in Kampala.

In April 2021, Kiggundu started Internet entrepreneurship with Hamz Link an internet based company having many subsidiaries that use different web and mobile based platforms ranging from; Education, Communication, Online Shopping, Online Payment, Video hosting and Entertainment sectors.

Hamz Subsidiaries and platforms include: Hamz App, Hamz Line, Hamz Wave, Hamz Chart, Ham Pay, Hamz Club, Hamz E Mall, Hamz Agro and Hamz Campus among others which are primarily accessible for download from his own Android apps store, Ham App Store and also on other android and iOS stores.

Kiggundu is in the process of opening the Ham Agro Bank, a farmer’s Bank to accommodate for agrarian needs with Agro produce as the core instrument of trade, offering loans to farmers in form of Farming desires; for example: Machines, seeds, Services, pesticides among others. Farmers can then repay in form of Agro produce, according to Forbes. He also gave a hint on this plan while launching his book, Reason as the World Masterpiece in Kampala in March 2021 and also wrote about it in the book.

Kiggundu is now in the final stages of finishing the $156million a pilot project of the Ham Integrated Agro-Processing Industries in the Central region of Uganda which also be the Headquarters the entire project in Akright City, the Entebbe Express road-based industrial complex.

Kiggundu made the administration block for his Agro processing industries an exact replica of the US White House which he named The White House Uganda in his bid to attract future tourists, both local and international to boost Uganda's tourism industry and pioneer national growth and prosperity

In a bid to transform Uganda and discourage nationals from leaving their motherland in search of a better life, he decides to create what we called Ugandans' desire right at home by setting up a 5 star gated community which he named "Ham Palm Villas", with 500 homes, Villas and Apartments with all required amenities i.e. health and shopping facilities, international school, multi-sports complex, among others. building started in 2019 and is still on going.

Kiggundu has a home located on the shores of Lake Victoria, popularly known as Ham’s Residence. The mansion was described as "palatial" by the Uganda Times.



Vladimir Cerrón

Vladimir Cerrón Rojas is a peruvian politician.

Site (disambiguation)

Site might mean:


Chamber of Deputies of Paraguay

The Chamber of Deputies "(Cámara de Diputados)" is the lower house of Paraguay's bicameral legislature, the National Congress. It is made up of 80 members, elected for a five-year terms. The other chamber of the National Congress ("Congreso Nacional") is the Chamber of Senators ("Cámara de Senadores").

Congress of Paraguay

Paraguay's bicameral Congress "(Congreso)" made up of a 45-member Senate and an 
80-member Chamber of Deputies. It is the legislative branch of the Paraguayan state.

Both chambers of Congress are elected concurrently with the president. Deputies are elected by department and Senators on a nationwide basis.


Senate of Paraguay

The Chamber of Senators of Paraguay ("Cámara de Senadores"), the upper house of the National Congress. It has 45 members, elected for a five-year term. Bicameral legislature, which included the Senate, was formed in 1870. The Senate was removed in 1940 and recreated in 1967.

Carlo Chendi

Angelo Carlo Chendi (10 July 1933 – 12 September 2021) was an Italian cartoonist. In 1952, Chendi began writing hundreds of stories with characters from Disney comics. Chendi was born in Ferrara, Italy.

Chendi died on September 12, 2021, at the age of 88.


Bernardino Cano Radil

Bernardino Cano Radil (29 November 1955 – 12 September 2021) was a Paraguayan politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1989 until 1998. He was an Ambassador to Cuba from 2015 until his death. He was born in Asunción, Paraguay.

Cano Randil died on 12 September 2021 in Havana, Cuba from COVID-19, aged 65.

André Zacharow

André Zacharow (7 July 1939 – 10 September 2021) was a Brazilian economist, lawyer, academic, and politician. He was a Federal Deputy from Paraná from 2003 until 2015. Zacharow was born in Jaguariaíva, Paraná. He was a member of the PDT and MDB.

Zacharow died on 10 September 2021 in Curitiba, Paraná at the age of 82.

Jaguariaíva

Jaguariaíva is a city in the state of Paraná in Brazil.

Daniil Medvedev

Daniil Sergeyevich Medvedev (; born 11 February 1996) is a Russian professional tennis player. He is currently ranked by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) as world No. 3. He has won 20 ATP Tour singles titles, including the 2021 US Open. Medvedev was born in Moscow.

Phyllomedusa iheringii

The southern walking leaf frog ("Phyllomedusa iheringii") is a frog that lives in Brazil and Uruguay. People have seen it 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in shrub places and in forests with streams in them. It lives in trees. The female frog lays eggs on plants growing over still water. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall into the water. The tadpoles swim in the deepest water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. People do catch these frogs to sell as pets, and people do cut down their forests to make places for animals to eat grass.

Alfhild (Alf and Alfhild)

Alfhild was a daughter of the Geatish king Synardus that lived in modern Sweden. Historians do not know if she was a real person or a legend. If she did live, it was probably between the 5th and 12th centuries. The earliest piece of writing that talks about her is the Gesta Danorum.

When Alfhild was a young princess, the room she slept in was guarded by a lizard and a snake. These reptiles scared away suitors who were not brave. A Danish prince named Alf, who was also Geatish, came to Geatland and fought the animal guards and won. But Alfhild's mother told her to run away from Alf dressed as a man. She did, and she became a woman fighter called a shield maiden. 

She found a group of pirate ships that had lost their captain. She became the captain and made the other women part of the sailing crew. The crew doubled in number.

She was so good at piracy that she hurt a large part of the Danish and Finnish shipping economy. She also sailed to Iceland once. Prince Alf then went to stop the fleet. At that time, he did not know that Alfhild was pirate leader. He found them off the coast of Finland. 

In the original story, Alfhild killed Alf, the latter underestimating the fleet's power, and then put his head on a spear and continued pirating. People know this from Norse hearsay in dining halls. 

In Christian story, she knocked off his helmet. This made her recognize him, and she stopped pirating and married Alf. She then became queen of Denmark. This version is probably wrong: It agreed with the things Christianity and patriarchy saw as good.

There are some differences in the story in later popular culture. Here Alfhild is almost always called Awilda. (Other spellings: "Alwilda, Alvilda, Alvild, Alvilde, Alfhilda, Avilda, Alvida, Altilda, Ælfhild").

During the 1800s, Alfhild/Awilda was a popular subject for scrimshaw carved by sailors on whaling ships.

The story about Alf And Alfhild has also been made into Italian operas.

In 1686, ""L'Amazzone Corsara, ovvero L'Alvilda, regina de Goti"," by Carlo Pallavicino.

Sengoku Basara 2

The two main portagonist is Sanada Yukimura and Date Masamune.


Women's empowerment

Women's Empowerment or Women Empowering is the process of giving women more power. It improves women's sense of self importance. It also improves the ability to decide about their lives themselves. This makes them to stand on their own feet. It also includes giving women legal rights to change their societies. Many developing and developed countries are talking about women's empowerment more. Empowering women economically make them to have their own jobs and incomes. Then they can manage their own resources and wealth. This helps them plan for many risks in life. It also helps to improve their well-being socially, mentally, and physically. 

Gender equality and women empowerment are two things that always go together.

There are many ideas for women's empowerment. There are seven well known purposes of the process. These are:


Currently, people want to strengthen women empowerment. It is increasing day by day, across the globe. It is to remove the current situation on bad treatment of females and gender bias. According to a report from the United Nations (UN), around 750 million women and girls were married before being eighteen years old. And in another report, around 250 million women have undergone Female genital mutilation (FGM) across the world.

Women hold more than 30 percent of seats in national parliament in at least one chamber. It is one of the positive results of the dedicated efforts of women empowerment projects around the world.

Michel Maïque

Michel Maïque (13 July 1948 – 12 September 2021) was a French rugby league player and politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was Mayor of Lézignan-Corbières from 2014 to 2020. From 1974 until 1979, he played for the national team. He was born in Aude, France.

Maïque died on 12 September 2021 in Lézignan-Corbières from pancreatitis at the age of 73.

Midlothian, Texas

Midlothian is a city in northwest Ellis County, Texas, United States. The city is southwest of Dallas.

Fabio Taborre

Fabio Taborre (5 June 1985 – 12 September 2021) was a professional Italian road cyclist. He was suspended from the sport after it was found out he was doping. He was born in Pescara, Italy. Taborre cycled with Androni Giocattoli–Sidermec, Vini Zabù–Brado–KTM and Acqua & Sapone.

Taborre died on 12 September 2021 from an illness, aged 36.


Larry Miller

Lawrence John Miller (born October 15, 1953) is an American comedian, actor, podcaster, and columnist. 

He played Lou Bonaparte in "Mad About You" (1993–1998), Pointy-Haired Boss in "Dilbert" (1999–2000), Edwin Poole in "Boston Legal" (2004–2008), Mr. Hollister in "Pretty Woman" (1990), Dean Richmond in "The Nutty Professor" (1996) and "" (2000), Walter Stratford in "10 Things I Hate About You" (1999) and Paolo Puttanesca in "The Princess Diaries (2001)" and "" (2004).

The Nutty Professor (1963 movie)

The Nutty Professor is a 1963 American science fiction comedy movie directed, co-written and starring Jerry Lewis. The movie also co-stars Stella Stevens, Del Moore, Kathleen Freeman, Howard Morris, and Elvia Allman. It is a parody of Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novella "Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde".

A remake was released in 1996. A sequel, "", followed in 2000.

Kathleen Freeman

Kathleen Freeman (February 17, 1919August 23, 2001) was an American actress. She was known for playing the role of maids and secretaries in many comedies, especially directed by Jerry Lewis. She was in 11 comedies directed by Lewis in the 1950s and '60s. She also appeared in "The Blues Brothers" (1980) and "" (1994).

A lesbian, Freeman was in a partnership with Helen Ramsey until her death.

Freeman died on August 23, 2001 at a New York City hospital from lung cancer, aged 78.

Murder–suicide

A murdersuicide (or murder suicide) is a setting where a person first kills one or more people, and then commits suicide. This can happen in different ways. The person might kill a victim. then kill themselves. This is common in domestic murders. 

People might also kill themselves after killing other people. Many school shootings are murder–suicides. 

Different religious groups have also decided to die together: The Order of the Solar Temple has become known for a few of these events, in 1994 and 1995. Heaven's Gate was an UFO religion, which committed suicide together in 1997. 

In the case of the Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God their deaths in the 2000s were mass suicides, or a mass murder: Some of the victims had stab wounds, while others had been strangled. It was later decided it was a mass murder by the group's leaders after their predictions of the apocalypse failed to come about.

Omics

Omics is a term used in modern genetics. It is used for terms which end in the suffix "-omics", such as genomics.
The suffix -ome is used for the objects of study, such as the genome, proteome or metabolome. The "-ome" refers to a "totality" of some sort. 

Functional genomics aims at identifying the functions of as many genes as possible of a given organism.

Many "omes" beyond the original "genome" have been adopted by research scientists. "Proteomics" has become well-established as a term for studying proteins at a large scale.

Dick Tracy vs. Cueball

Dick Tracy vs. Cueball is a 1946 American crime mystery movie directed by Gordon Douglas and is the second movie in the "Dick Tracy" series. It stars Morgan Conway, Dick Wessel, Anne Jeffreys, Rita Corday, Esther Howard, Ian Keith and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


UFO religion

An UFO religion is a new religious movement, which also believes in extraterrestrials. They also believe that these extraterrestrials use unidentified flying objects, and they communicate with humans. In the view of the people of the UFO religion, human society and culture is either alrready part of the culture and osciety of the extraterrestrials, or it will become part of it soon. Two well-known groups that are UFO religioins are Raelism and Scientology.

Polygenic

Polygenic is a common adjective in genetics. It means "many genes". It is used when a genetic character (phenotypic trait) depends on more than one gene. 

It is very common and normal for a person's weight, for example, to depend on many causes, both genetic (inherited) and non-genetic (e.g. way of life). Here the use of polygenic means that various genes influence the weight of a person, as well as the non-genetic factors (life-style). The branch of genetics which studies polygenes is called quantitative genetics.

Belgorod

Belgorod () is a city in Russia. It is the capital of Belgorod Oblast. As of 2012, the city had 369,815 people.

TwinBee Portable

TwinBee Portable (ツインビー ポータブル "TsuinBī Pōtaburu") is a compilation package containing five video games from the "TwinBee" franchise. It was released for PlayStation Portable on January 25, 2007 in Japan. It includes "TwinBee," "TwinBee Da!!," "Detana!! TwinBee," "Pop'n TwinBee," and "" in the collection.

Guan Daogao

Guan Daogao (born 1262 – 1319) was a Chinese Calligrapher, poet, and a painter who lived during the Yuan Dynasty.

Airavatesvara temple

Airavatesvara Temple is a Hindu temple of Dravidian architecture located in Kumbakonam, Thanjavur District in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was built by Rajaraja II in the 12th century CE.

From TV Animation: One Piece Treasure Battle!

One Piece: Treasure Battle! (トレジャーバトル!, Torejā Batoru!) is a party game for the Nintendo Gamecube, published by Bandai and released in November 2002. It was the first "One Piece" game designed for a sixth-generation console, as well as the first to feature fully three-dimensional gameplay.

There is a special competition called the "Treasure Battle" clash which is being hosted in the Grand Line on a special series of islands. The "Blueberry Times" newspaper is covering the events via journalist Rocky Hattari. The Straw Hats, along with Vivi and Ace, should trust each other and work together in a group made of two members and battle through various events to get Treasure Cards. The Treasure Cards are said to give the possessor happiness and can make wishes and dreams come true. The Straw Hats, Vivi, and Ace decided to compete. Luffy and Vivi pair up together. Zoro and Ace, who were not interested in the treasure but their competitive sides are rubbed, so they join "just to win". Sanji followed Nami, who is joining for the treasure. Chopper was amazed hearing that Usopp had a plan. Thus, the teams were decided.


Story mode. There are 4 stories to choose from:

The player will fight 3 Treasure Battles in a row, then have a special mini game for the 4th, and then a best-of-3 round Treasure Battle for the conclusion.

A Treasure Battle is a fight between two teams. The team that can successfully carry a treasure to a goal, preventing the other team from taking it until time up, wins. After winning a Treasure Battle in the story mode; players get a Treasure Card.

The player chooses the stages and characters.

"Treasure Battle" is a (two-player-in-each) team game, and has players grabbing a treasure chest and putting it into a boxing ring at the end of each island level, then literally waiting for their ship to come in. Once their pirate ship arrives, that team wins. A team can throw the chest to each other over a limited distance, lob it in the direction they are facing over a greater distance, or even use it to attack the members of the opposite team who are doing their best to grab the treasure chest and take it back to their own boxing ring, and their awaiting pirate vessel.

The screen is split in the "Treasure Battle" according to how many human players are involved. In one-player mode, the full screen allows a decent view of the action, but the 2- and 4-player splits reduce the action to an extremely small view that can make it very hard to determine what is really happening.

"Battle Royal" is a similar game to "Treasure Battle", except there is no chest and the arena is more confined. Each team just bashes the opposition about, as much as possible, for just under 3 minutes. All players are displayed on the full screen, which will zoom in and out depending on the spread of the action.

"Kung Fu Survival" both teams are placed on to a very small island inhabited by large numbers of Kung-Fu Dugongs. Whichever team beats up the most dugongs within the time limit wins. The player can walk right up to a dugong and attack it in the face, or if they choose Zoro they can have him attack with a kendo. The dugongs are basically defenseless, but if a player is standing motionless, may wander over and attack with a headbutt or flipper strike.

"Teamwork Rally" has each team passing the chest to each other across gaps that can't be jumped over whilst carrying the chest. The race to the finish is a careful balance between taking risks to get the edge over the opposition and being careful at other points to avert disaster.

"Cross Country" is an individual race to the end of each stage of a longer race. Each player gets a score based on their position at each intermediate stage and the team scores are totaled at the end of the whole race. The race is conducted along a series of different jumps, ladders, islands and narrow passageways.

"Pirate Soccer" is pirates playing soccer. Except the ball is enormous and can crush the players if they fall under it. They have to use their attack moves to push the ball through goals at each end. Each half is 90 seconds.

"Treasure Hunt" has players wondering around randomly until an arrow appears, directing them to hidden treasure.


Moji Solar-Wilson

Moji Solar-Wilson (born in 1964) from Ekiti State, is a Nigerian chief executive of a real estate company and a LGBTQ activist.

In 2017 she married Margaret-Mary Wilson, a Nigerian-American physician. Moji and Margaret are the first openly gay Nigerian lesbian couple to be legally married in a same sex marriage.

Bisi Alimi Foundation

The Bisi Alimi Foundation is a charity in the UK supporting and publishing research for social acceptance of LGBT people in Nigeria.

The Foundation was established by Bisi Alimi who claimed asylum in the UK after fleeing Nigeria due to attacks and threats after coming out as gay.

Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God

The Movement for the Restoration of the Ten Commandments of God was a new religious movement in Uganda. It existed from the 1980s, to the early 2000s. Credonia Mwerinde and Joseph Kibweteere founded it. They said the virgin Mary had appeared to them. The group split from the Roman Catholic Church. The group wanted to restore the Ten Commandments. They said that only by strictly following the Ten Commandments would they be saved. 

In 1998, the group was first noticed, because they made children work in a school they operated. There was also a very bad hygiene at that school. 

There was the text "A Timely Message from Heaven: The End of the Present Time," which they considered to be their gospel. Each group member was expected to have read it at least six times. The teachings of the group were that those worthy of salvation would be saved, but that all the others would be punished. Credonia Mwerinde was seen as the incarnation of the Virgin Mary. 

According to the group, the world would end on 31st December 1999. When the world did not end that day, people became suspicious. They wanted their posessions back, which they had transferred to the group beforehand. According to survivers, people who asked to get their possessions back would mysteriously disappear. The first 530 followers died at a religious service, in a church, on 17th March 2000. The leaders of the cult had the doors nailed shut. Then they poured petrol on the wooden church, and put in on fire. Today, it is certain that Joseph Kibweteere was not among the dead in the church. He was seen alive, the following day. During the following days, several bodies were discovered on the farms of the group. In total, over 1,000 people died.

Medical examinations later determined that the majority of dead sect members had been poisoned. Early reports suggested that they had been strangled based on the presence of twisted banana fibers around their necks. After searching all sites, the police concluded that earlier estimates of nearly a thousand dead had been exaggerated, even though the final death toll was 924.

After interviews and an investigation, the police ruled out a cult suicide, and instead consider it to be a mass murder by the Movement leadership. They believe that the failure of the doomsday prophecy led to a revolt in the ranks of the sect, and the leaders set a new date with a plan to kill their followers. The discovery of bodies at other sites, the fact the church had been boarded up, the presence of incendiaries, and the possible disappearance of sect leaders all point to this theory. Additionally, witnesses said the Movement leadership had never spoken of mass suicide when preparing members for the end of the world. A survivor recalled meeting a devout member of the cult with nails and a hammer on his way after he had left the cult. It is believed he is the one who shut the windows with nails to prevent any one from escaping.

The Ugandan government condemned the killings. President Yoweri Museveni called the event a "mass murder by these priests for monetary gain". Vice president Dr. Speciosa Wandira Kazibwe said, "These were [...] well-orchestrated mass murders [carried out] by a network of diabolic, malevolent criminals masquerading as religious people."

At the start, the five leaders were believed to have died in the fire. Police now believe that Joseph Kibweteere and Credonia Mwerinde may still be alive, and have issued an international warrant for their arrest. In 2014, the Uganda National Police announced that there were reports that Kibweteere was hiding in Malawi.

Cluny Brown

Cluny Brown is a 1946 American romantic comedy movie directed by Ernst Lubitsch and was based on the 1944 novel by Margery Sharp. It stars Charles Boyer, Jennifer Jones, Helen Walker, Reginald Owen, Reginald Gardiner, C. Aubrey Smith, Peter Walker, Una O'Connor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


2009 Norwich North by-election

The 2009 Norwich North by-election was a by-election for the UK Parliament constituency of Norwich North. It happened because the current MP Ian Gibson decided he didn't want to be MP anymore. The by-election took place on 23 July 1009.

The winner of the by-election was Chloe Smith of the Conservative Party. Smith was aged 27 when elected, This meant she was the new Baby of the House.

Phyllomedusa bicolor

The blue and yellow frog, waxy monkey tree frog, bicolored frog or giant monkey frog ("Phyllomedusa bicolor") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Brazil, and the Guianas. Scientists think it might also live in Ecuador. People have seen this frog as high as 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is to long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is to long. The skin on its back is dark green and the belly can be white or yellow. It has white spots with dark outlines on its front. There are even more spots on its sides. It has brown disks on its toes for climbing. The iris of its eye is gray in color.

This frog makes chemicals in its skin that people put on arrows. The chemicals are poison.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. When it is time to lay eggs, the female finds a leaf on a branch hanging over a pond. She folds the leaf to make a nest. She puts 600 eggs at a time in the nest and covers them in jelly. The eggs take 8-10 days to hatch. The tadpoles fall out of the nest into the pond.

Scientists think this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. Cutting down forests is not good for this frog, and sometimes people sell them as pets, but the frog is not in danger.

Marta Martin Carrera-Ruiz

Marta Martin Carrera-Ruiz (c. 1941 – 27 February 2021) was a Cuban-American television personality. She was known for among others, "El Gordo y la Flaca".
Ruiz worked selling coffee to Univision personnel. When El Gordo y la Flaca began during 1998, she was invited to prepare coffee to the show hosts and did so on live TV. For the next many years, she would be invited frequently to join the show on camera and comment during interviews to famous guests and also about entertainment news of the day. 

Ruiz died on 27 February 2021, aged 80, from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Cuba.

Women's Social and Political Union

The Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) was a political movement for women. They campaigned for women's suffrage in the United Kingdom (allowing women to vote) from 1903 to 1918. They are sometimes called suffragettes.

The Women's Social and Political Union were known for civil disobedience. They held marches, set fire to post boxes, smashed windows and broke the law to get into prison. When they were in prison, they would go on hunger strikes, meaning they would refuse to eat. The government would force-feed prisoners who went on hunger strikes. The government created the Prisoners (Temporary Discharge for Ill Health) Act 1913, or the Cat and Mouse Act, so suffragettes who were close to starving to death could be released. 

Bonanza

Bonanza was an American Western television series that ran on NBC from September 12, 1959, to January 16, 1973. It ran for 14 seasons and 431 episodes. "Bonanza" is NBC's longest-running western, and ranks overall as the second-longest-running western series on U.S. network television (behind CBS's "Gunsmoke"). It starred Lorne Greene, Pernell Roberts, Dan Blocker and Michael Landon.

Ruben Reyes

Ruben T. Reyes (3 January 1939 – 13 September 2021) was a Filipino politician and lawyer. He was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2007 to 2009. He was nominated to the court by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo.

Reyes died on 13 September 2021, aged 82.

Oscar Fernandes

Oscar Fernandes (27 March 1941 – 13 September 2021) was an Indian politician. He was born in present-day Karnataka, India. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. Fernandes was a member of the Parliament of India between 1980 until 1996 and again from 1998 until his death. He was the Minister of Road Transport and Highways between 2013 and 2014.

Fernandes died at a hospital in Mangalore, India from thrombus caused by a fall on 13 September 2021, aged 80.

Century common year

In the Gregorian calendar, a century common year is a year that is divisible by 100 but not by 400. Therefore, like all other common years, these years do not have a February 29. This is the only case where a year that is divisible by 4 is a common year. 

In the obsolete Julian calendar, all years divisible by 4, including century years, were leap years. This rule resulted in too many leap years, so the Gregorian calendar added a new rule that a century year must be divisible by 400 to be a leap year. This is why the years 1600, 2000, and 2400 are leap years, while 1700, 1800, 1900, 2100, 2200, and 2300 are common years even though they are all divisible by 4. The Gregorian calendar was introduced in 1582, so the first century common year was 1700. 

The start days of century common years varies. The century year begins on Friday if the remainder obtained by dividing it by 400 is 100, Wednesday if the remainder is 200, and Monday if the remainder is 300. Thus, century leap years always begin on Saturday.

Christabel Pankhurst

Dame Christabel Harriette Pankhurst, (; 22 September 1880 – 13 February 1958) was a British woman. She was born in Manchester, England. She was a suffragette, which means she wanted England to give women the right to vote. She was one of the founders of the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU). In 1914, she supported Britain going to war against Germany in World War I.

Christabel Pankhurst was the daughter of Emmeline Pankhurst and Richard Pankhurst. She had two sisters: Sylvia and Adela Pankhurst. Her father was a barrister, which is a high-ranking lawyer, and her mother owned a small shop.

Pankhurst learned to read at home on her own before she went to school. She went to Manchester High School for Girls with her two sisters. She got a law degree from the University of Manchester, and received honours on her LL.B. exam. However, Pankhurst could not practise law because she was a woman. British law did not allow women to be lawyers at that time.

Christabel died 13 February 1958, at the age of 77. She was buried in the Woodlawn Memorial Cemetery in Santa Monica, California.

There is a profile bust, which is a small statue, of Christabel Pankhurst on the right pylon of the Emmeline and Christabel Pankhurst Memorial in Victoria Tower Gardens. The sculpture was put there in 1959.

Luník IX

Luník IX is a borough (city ward) in the city of Košice, Slovakia, in the Košice II district. It is located in the western-central part of the city, surrounded by the boroughs of Pereš, Myslava, Barca, Juh and Západ.

Luník IX houses the largest community of Romani people in Slovakia. It was originally built for 2,500 people. Estimates are that its population in 2021 is three times larger. Living standards are low. Services such as gas, water, and electricity are usually cut off, because the majority of inhabitants are not paying rent or utilities fees.

Health standards are low: diseases such as hepatitis, head lice, diarrhoea, scabies, and meningitis are common. Almost all people in the borough do not have a job. The borough has one elementary school and a kindergarten.

Luník IX is serviced by a bus line, which stops only on selected bus stops. Boarding the bus is only allowed through the front door. Due to frequent attacks of aggressive residents, bus drivers deployed on the line receive a hazard pay.

There was a Romani village which was close by, but it was demolished in 1979. The Romani people were moved into Lunik IX. There was a landfill nearby. In the 1980s, about 2.000 people lived in Lunik IX, about half of them were Romani. Over time, the non-Romani population moved away, with the Romani taking flats after their departure, and the borough turned into a Romani ghetto.

In 1995, the city council of Košice created a plan for the living conditions of dodgers, the maladjusted, and people from illegally occupied flats around Košice. They were to be moved into Luník IX, with "non-problematic" families being moved out if they requested it. The realization of this plan is on-going.


Antisymmetric matrix

An antisymmetric (or skew-symmetric) matrix is a matrix formula_1 such that formula_2. In other words, a matrix is antisymmetric if it is equal to its negative transpose.

For example, the matrix

formula_3

is anti-symmetric, because

formula_4.


For an electromagnetic field, the curvature form is an antisymmetric matrix whose elements are the electric field and magnetic field: the electromagnetic tensor.

Deja Vu (Olivia Rodrigo song)

"Déjà Vu" was released on April 1, 2021 on Geffen and Interscope records by singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo, the title of his own Deja Vu comment written and recorded in 2020 for releasing Deja Vu on April 1. It went to number 3 in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore and made number 2 in Ireland. It was written by Taylor Swift and St. Vincent.

Khawlah bint Hakim

Khawlah bint Hakim (Arabic: خولة بنت حكيم) was one of Muhammad's female companions, who was the wife of 'Uthman ibn Majoon. And was about Muhammad's aunt.

Don Collier

Don Collier (October 17, 1928 – September 13, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in "The High Chaparral", "Bonanza," "Gunsmoke" and "Outlaws" as Marshal Will Foreman.

Collier died at age 92 in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, from lung cancer on September 13, 2021.

Mike Boyle

Michael David Boyle (January 19, 1944 – September 13, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Boyle was born in Los Angeles, California. He was the Mayor of Omaha, Nebraska between 1981 until 1987.

Boyle died on September 13, 2021 in Omaha from pneumonia caused by lung cancer at the age of 77.

Khawlah bint al-Azwar

Khawlah bint al-Azwar (Arabic: خولة بنت الأزور) was a famous woman of Muhammad's time and later a military leader. She is described as one of the best fighters in history. On the battlefield, the opposition compared her to Khalid bin Walid. She was the sister of Dhihar bin Al-Azwar who was a soldier and commander of Rashidun army. Khawlah was born in the seventh century. Her father was the leader of the Banu Asad tribe. Khawlah has fought alongside his brother in many battles. These include the Battle of Yarmouk against the Byzantine Emperor in 638 AD. On the fourth day of the battle, Khawlah fought against the Byzantine army with a group of women and defeated the commander-in-chief. She was wounded while fighting against a Greek soldier.

Antonio Verini

Antonio Verini (30 June 1936 – 12 September 2021) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies in 2006. He was a member of the Regional Council of Abruzzo from 2005 until 2008. He was a member of the Liberal Democrats. Verini was born in Campotosto, Italy.

Verini died on 12 September 2021 at the age of 85.

Campotosto

Campotosto (Sabino: "") is a "comune" and town in the province of L'Aquila. It is in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.

Giannis Theonas

Giannis Theonas (29 October 1940 – 12 September 2021) was a Greek politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 until 2001. He was a member of the Communist Party. From 2015 until his death, he was a member of the Hellenic Parliament. He was born in Naxos, Greece.

Theonas died on 12 September 2021 in Athens at the age of 80.

Fakhitah bint Abi Talib

Fakhitah bint Abi Talib, also known as Umm Hani bint Abi Talib (Arabic فاختة بنت أبي طالب), was Muhammad's cousin. Umm Hani was the daughter of Abu Talib. He was a hadith narrator.

Sonja Sohn

Sonja Denise Plack (' Williams; born May 9, 1964), better known as Sonja Sohn"', is an American actress. She is known for playing Baltimore detective Kima Greggs in the HBO series "The Wire" (2002–2008). She is also an activist and filmmaker. She co-wrote and starred in the movie "Slam" (1998). She also directed the HBO documentary "Baltimore Rising" (2017), about the 2015 Baltimore protests.

Sohn's other TV roles include Samantha Baker in "Body of Proof", Laverne Johnson in "The Chi" and Gabrielle Burnham in "".

Sohn was born at Fort Benning, Georgia. Her mother was Korean and her father was an African American. Her parents met when her father was stationed in South Korea after the Korean War. She grew up in Newport News, Virginia. Sohn has two daughters, born in 1986 and 1990. She was married to Australian-born musician Adam Plack from 2003 to 2011.

Conservative Party (Norway)

The Conservative Party is a liberal-conservative political party in Norway. It is the major party of the Norwegian centre-right. 

The current party leader is Opposition Leader Erna Solberg. The party is a member of the International Democrat Union and part of the European People's Party.

Zaynab bint Ali

Zaynab bint Ali (, ""; 3 August 626682), was the daughter of the fourth Rashidun Caliph and the first Shia Imam Ali bin Abi Talib. She is the third child of Ali ibn Abi Talib and his wife Fatima.

Messenger Kids

Messenger Kids is a messaging app and platform released by Facebook in December 2017. The platform is designed for a young audience as a safer alternative to the Facebook Messenger platform. Users can register with their first and last names instead of phone numbers. It was initially launched for iPad tablets with the iOS operating system in the United States only, though later support for iPhone and Android devices was added and it was rolled out in Canada, Peru, and Mexico.

Parents have oversight and control, with requirements about identity verification and approval of contacts. There are no in-app purchases nor advertisements, and thus also no data collection for advertising purposes, children's accounts are not visible in search on Facebook, and the child's account does not automatically migrate to a full Facebook account once the child turns 13 years old (the minimum age for Facebook registration). It features augmented reality filters and lenses, along with games and educational content.

Trygve Slagsvold Vedum

Trygve Magnus Slagsvold Vedum (born 1 December 1978) is a Norwegian politician. He is a member of the Centre Party. In 2021, he became a minister in the Cabinet of prime minister Støre as Minister of Finance.

He is an MP for Hedmark since 2005. He was leader of the Centre Party since 2014.

Centre Party (Norway)

The Centre Party (, Sp) is a political party in Norway. It is a centrist party.

Sylvi Listhaug

Sylvi Listhaug (born 25 December 1977) is a Norwegian politician. She has been the leader of the Progress Party since 2021. She was Minister for the Elderly and Public Health of Norway under Prime Minister Erna Solberg from May to December 2019. She was the Minister of Petroleum and Energy of Norway from December 2019 to January 2020.

List of Sahabah

"Aṣ-ṣaḥābah" (), were individuals who have met and met the Prophet Muhammad of Islam while he was alive; Accepted Islam at their hands and gained their companionship; But Islamic faith have died while in terms of the Prophet of Islam, the Companions is called.




























Progress Party (Norway)

The Progress Party, commonly shortened as FrP, is a right-wing political party in Norway. The party is classical-liberal or libertarian.

Audun Lysbakken

Audun Bjørlo Lysbakken (born 30 September 1977) is a Norwegian politician. He is the leader of the Norwegian Socialist Left Party. His career in national politics began when he was elected to the Norwegian parliament in 2001. In 2006, he became deputy leader of the Socialist Left Party. He was the Minister of Children and Equality from October 2009 to March 2012. 

Bjørnar Moxnes

Bjørnar Moxnes (born 19 December 1981) is a Norwegian politician and activist. He is a critic of the European Union. In 2012, he became Leader of the Red Party. In 2017, he was elected to the Storting.

Guri Melby

Guri Melby (born 3 February 1981) is a Norwegian politician. She was a member of the Liberal Party. She became party leader and Minister of Education in 2020.

Liberal Party (Norway)

The Liberal Party (, V) is a centrist political party in Norway. It was founded in 1884 and it is the oldest political party in Norway. It is a liberal party.

Une Aina Bastholm

Une Aina Bastholm (born 14 January 1986) is a Norwegian politician. In 2020, she became leader of "Miljøpartiet De Grønne" (Norway's Green party). She has represented Oslo in "Stortinget" (the Norwegian legislature) since 2017.

Christian Democratic Party (Norway)

The Christian Democratic Party is a Christian-democratic political party in Norway. It was founded in 1933. The party is an observer member of the European People's Party (EPP). 

Kjell Ingolf Ropstad

Kjell Ingolf Ropstad (born 1 June 1985) is a Norwegian politician. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Party. In 2019, he became the Minister of Children, Family and Church Affairs. The same year, he became leader of the Christian Democratic Party. He has been a member of the Norwegian Parliament Stortinget since 2009.

Vestland

Vestland is a county in Norway that was created on 1 January 2020. The county is located in Western Norway and it is centred around the city of Bergen.

Hedmark

Hedmark () was a county in Norway before 1 January 2020. It bordered Trøndelag to the north, Oppland to the west, Akershus to the south, and Sweden to the east. 

Aust-Agder

Aust-Agder (, ) was a county ("fylke") in Norway until 1 January 2020. It was merged with Vest-Agder to form Agder county. In 2002, there were 102,945 people living here.


John List

John Emil List (September 17, 1925 – March 21, 2008) was an American murderer.

On November 9, 1971, List killed his wife, mother, and three children at their home in Westfield, New Jersey. He then disappeared. A month after the murder, police discovered the dead bodies.

List created a new identity, remarried, and was not arrested for nearly 18 years. He was finally arrested in Virginia on June 1, 1989, after the story of his murders was broadcast on the television program "America's Most Wanted". He was convicted on five counts of murders and sentenced to life in prison.

He was known as "The Boogeyman of Westfield."

List died in prison in Trenton, New Jersey on March 21, 2008 from pneumonia at the age of 82.


Gurbanmuhammet Kasymow

Gurbanmuhammet Kasymow, also spelled Kurbanmuhammed Kasymov or Gurbanmukhammet Kasimov, (July 30, 1954 – September 2, 2021) was a Turkmen politician and lawyer. He worked in the cabinet of President of Turkmenistan Saparmurat Niyazov. He was Minister of Internal Affairs from 1993 to 1998, Minister of Defense from 1998 to 1999, and Minister of Justice from 1999 until 2001. 

He was an Ambassador to China from 2001 to 2008 and Ambassador to Kazakhstan from 2008 until 2009.

Kasymow died from problems caused by COVID-19 in Gokje, Turkmenistan on September 2, 2021, at the age of 68.

Kurban Berdyev

Kurban Bekiyevich Berdyev (, ; born 25 August 1952) is a Turkmen football manager. He is the manager of Kazakhstani club FC Kairat. He holds Russian citizenship. Berdyev is thought to be one of the best football managers in the world.


Djohari Kahar

Djohari Kahar (11 November 1931 – 12 September 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was a member of Golkar. He was a member of the People's Representative Council and the People's Consultative Assembly from 1982 until 1992. Kahar was born in Solok, Indonesia.

Kahar died on 12 September 2021 in Padang, Indonesia at the age of 89.

Parys Haralson

Parys Sharron Haralson (January 24, 1984 – September 13, 2021) was an American football linebacker. He played for the San Francisco 49ers between 2006 until 2012 and for the New Orleans Saints from 2013 until 2014. Haralson was born in Flora, Mississippi.

Haralson died on September 13, 2021 at the age of 37.

Flora, Mississippi

Flora is a town in Madison County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,647 at the 2020 census.

Ed Badger

Ed Badger (born November 5, 1932) is a former American college and professional basketball coach. He was born in West New York, New Jersey and was raised in Chicago. He coached the Chicago Bulls between 1976 until 1978. He also coached the Cincinnati Bearcats between 1978 until 1983.

Herbert C. Brown

Herbert Charles Brown (May 22, 1912 – December 19, 2004) was an American chemist. He won the 1979 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work with organoboranes.

Georg Wittig

Georg Wittig (; 16 June 1897 – 26 August 1987) was a German chemist. He was known for his work the synthesis of alkenes from aldehydes and ketones. It became known as the Wittig reaction. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Herbert C. Brown in 1979.

Don Bacon

Donald John Bacon (born August 16, 1963) is an American politician and former military officer. He is the U.S. Representative for Nebraska's 2nd congressional district since 2017. He was a United States Air Force officer, before his retirement in 2014. Bacon is a member of the Republican Party.

In a December 2020 "Washington Post" found that Bacon was one of 37 who said Joe Biden won the 2020 election and did not support President Donald Trump's voter fraud claims.

In May 2021, Bacon was one of 35 Republicans who joined all Democrats in voting to approve legislation to create the January 6 commission meant to investigate the storming of the U.S. Capitol. He was one of only a few Republican lawmakers who openly supported the commission.


January 6 commission

The National Commission to Investigate the January 6 Attack on the United States Capitol Complex, known as the January 6 commission, was a proposed commission that would have investigated the 2021 United States Capitol attack. It was proposed on February 15 by Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, who announced that she planned to create a "9/11-type commission".

It would have had an equal number of Democrats and Republicans. A bill forming the commission passed the House of Representatives on May 19, with all Democrats and 35 Republicans voting in support of it. However, it was blocked by Senate Republicans on May 28, with 54 Senators voting in favor and 35 voting against.

Jake Angeli

Jake Angeli (born Jacob Anthony Angeli Chansley; 1987), also known as the "QAnon Shaman", "Q Shaman", and "Yellowstone Wolf", is an American activist and conspiracy theorist. He took part in the 2021 United States Capitol attack. He is a former supporter of ex-president Donald Trump. He has supported the QAnon conspiracy theory.

After being photographed taking part in the storming of the Capitol, Angeli was arrested on January 9, 2021. He pleaded guilty to a single charge on September 3, 2021.

Klete Keller

Klete Derik Keller (born March 21, 1982) is an American convicted felon and former competitive swimmer. He won medals at the 2000, 2004, and 2008 Summer Olympics. He was born in Las Vegas, Nevada.

In January 2021, Keller took part in the 2021 United States Capitol attack. He was later arrested and charged with three offenses stemming from his participation. He was indicted on seven charges by a grand jury the following month, and later pleaded guilty to a single charge as part of a plea bargain.

Lua Blanco

Lua Maria Blanco (born March 5, 1987) is a Brazilian actress and singer. She began her career in 2008 in a participation in the telenovela "Três Irmãs", in 2009 she acted in "Young Hearts", she gained fame in 2011 by playing one of the six protagonists of the telenovela "Rebelde Brasil". Lua dated Arthur Aguiar. 

Blanco was born in São Paulo. 


True Crime (series)

True Crime is a action-adventure video game series, developed by Luxorflux and published by Activision.

Because of Him

Because of Him is a 1946 American romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Wallace and starring Deanna Durbin, Charles Laughton, Franchot Tone, Helen Broderick, Stanley Ridges, Donald Meek, Charles Halton. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Mozambique (movie)

Mozambique is a 1965 British South African Portuguese drama movie directed by Robert Lynn and starring Steve Cochran, Hildegard Knef, Gert Van den Bergh, Paul Hubschmid, Vivi Bach.

Dongergaon

Dongargaon is a small village in Rajnandgaon, Chhattisgarh, India with a population of 14,693.

Rajnandgaon

Rajnandgaon is a city in Chhattisgarh, India with the population of 163,122.

Diyu

Diyu (traditional Chinese: 地獄; ""earth prison"") is hell in Chinese mythology. It is based on Naraka concept about the afterlife.

Diyu looks like an underground maze with many chambers. Souls are taken here to atone their sins during their life.

Exploitation of natural resources

The exploitation of natural resources is the use of natural resources for economic growth, sometimes with a negative result in regards with the environment. It started to come out on an industrial scale in the 19th century as the extraction and processing of raw materials (such as in mining, steam power, and machinery) developed much further than it had in preindustrial areas. During the 20th century, energy use quickly increased. Today, about 80% of the world's energy use is sustained by the extraction of fossil fuels, which consists of oil, coal and natural gas.

Zayd ibn Harithah

Zayd ibn Harithah (, "") (c. 581–629 CE), was a Companion of the Prophet of Islam and his adopted son. He is the only Companion whose name appears in the Qur'an.



Qasim ibn Muhammad

Qasim ibn Muhammad (), was the son of Muhammad and Khadija bint Khuwaylid. He died in 601 CE (before the start of his father's prophethood in 609), after his third birthday and is buried in Jannat al-Mu'alla cemetery, Mecca, Saudi Arabia. He was Muhammad's first child. That is why Prophet Muhammad's nickname or Kunia was A'bul Qasim. Qasim was born before the Prophethood and died in Makkah as a child.

History of the Catholic Church

The history of the Catholic Church is the formation, events, and change of the Catholic Church through time.

The Catholic Church began with Jesus Christ and his teachings. It is a continuation of the early Christian community established by the Disciples of Jesus. The Church believes its bishops to be the successors to Jesus's apostles and the Church's leader, the Bishop of Rome (also known as the Pope), to be the only successor to Saint Peter who ministered in Rome in the first century AD after his appointment by Jesus as head of the Church.

Christianity spread throughout the early Roman Empire, with all persecutions due to conflicts with the pagan state religion. In 313, the persecutions were lessened by the Edict of Milan with the legalization of Christianity by the Emperor Constantine I. In 380, under Emperor Theodosius, Christianity became the state religion of the Roman Empire by the Edict of Thessalonica.

The battles of Toulouse preserved the Christian west against the Umayyad Muslim army, even though Rome itself was destroyed in 850, and Constantinople attacked. In the 11th century, already difficult relations between the mostly Greek church in the East, and the Latin church in the West, developed into the East-West Schism, partially due to conflicts over the Pope's authority. Before and during the 16th century, the Church started a process of reform and renewal. Reform during the 16th century is known as the Counter-Reformation. In later centuries, Catholicism spread widely across the world even though it experienced a reduction of European believers due to the growth of Protestantism and also because of religious doubt and distrust during and after the Enlightenment. The Second Vatican Council in the 1960s introduced the most big changes to Catholic practices since the Council of Trent four centuries before.

According to Catholic tradition, the Catholic Church was founded by Jesus Christ. The New Testament narrates about Jesus' activities, teaching, his appointment of the twelve Apostles, and his instructions to them to continue his work. The Catholic Church teaches that Pentocost signaled the beginning of the public ministry of the Church. In this event, the Holy Spirit came upon the apostles.

According to the Catholic Church, Christ desginated Peter as the "rock" upon which he would build his church. Catholics hold that Saint Peter was Rome's first bishop. He started the unbroken line which includes the current pontiff, Pope Francis. That is, the Catholic Church maintains the apostolic succession of the Bishop of Rome, the Pope, who is the successor to Saint Peter.

Conditions in the Roman Empire facilitated the spread of new ideas. The empire's network of roads and waterways allowed easier travel. Also, the Pax Romana made it safe to travel from one region to another. The government had encouraged inhabitants to learn Greek. Having a common language allowed ideas to be more easily expressed. Jesus's apostles gained converts in Jewish communities around the Mediterranean Sea. They established over 40 Christian communities by 100. Although most of these were in the Roman Empire, notable Christian communities were also established in Armenia, Iran and along the Indian Malabar Coast. The new religion was most successful in urban areas and it spread first among slaves and people of low social standing, and then among aristocratic women.

At first, Christians continued to worship alongside Jewish believers. However, twenty years after Jesus's death, Sunday was being regarded as the primary day of worship.

Christianity established itself as a separate religion when preachers such as Paul of Tarsus began converting Gentiles . To solve doctrinal differences, around year 50 the apostles gathered in the first Church council, the Council of Jerusalem. This council affirmed that Gentiles could become Christians without adopting all of the Mosaic Law.

The early Christian Church was not very organized. This resulted in diverse interpretations of Christian beliefs. To have more consistency, by the end of the 2nd century Christian communities had developed a more structured hierarchy. The organization of the Church began to mimic that of the Empire. The churches in Antioch, Alexandria, and Rome were the most important. To solve problems about doctrine or policy, bishops often congregated in regional synods. This happened from the beginning of the 2nd century. By the 3r century, the bishop of Rome began to be asked about problems that other bishops could not resolve. 

Influential theologians, named Church Fathers, refined the doctrine. From the year 100, some teachers such as Ignatius of Antioch and Irenaeus defined Catholic teaching. This was done by opposing them to opposed them to Gnosticism.

Theological apologists consolidated teachings and traditons. Among them we can find Pope Clement I and Augustine of Hippo.

Christianity required its adherents to renounce all other gods. This was adopted from Judaism and was different from most religions in the Roman Empire.

As Christians refuse to join pagan celebrations, they weren't able to take part in much of public life. This caused non-Christians to fear that Christians were angering the gods (this meant a threat to the peace and prosperity of the Empire).

Due to its secrecy, Christians were accused of practising incest and cannibalism.
In the 3rd century, Christians were persecuted by order of the emperors. They hold them responsible for the Empire's crises. All residents were ordered to give sacrifices or be punished. Jews were exempted as long as they paid the Jewish Tax. Estimates of the number of Christians who were executed ranges from a few hundred to 50,000. Many fled or renounced their beliefs. 

In spite of these persecutions, evangelization efforts persisted. This led to the Edict of Milan which legalized Christianity in 313. By 380, Christianity had become the state religion of the Roman Empire.

When Constantine became emperor of the Western Roman Empire in 312, he attributed his victory to the Christian God. Many soldiers in his army were Christians, and his army was his base of power. With Licinius, (Eastern Roman emperor), he issued the Edict of Milan which mandated toleration of all religions in the empire. The edict had little effect on the attitudes of the people. New laws were issued to codify some Christian beliefs and practices. 

Constantine's biggest effect on Christianity was his patronage:
These gifts and later ones combined made the Church the largest landowner in the West by the 6th century.

In a reflection of their increased power in the Empire, clergy began to adopt the dress of the royal household.

During Constantine's reign, more or less half of the Christians Christian did not subscribe to the official church. Constantine feared that disunity would displease God, so he eliminated some sects. To resolve other disputes, Constantine began the practice of calling ecumenical councils. These councils determined obligatory interpretations of Church doctrine.

Decisions made at the Council of Nicea (325) about the divinity of Christ led to a schism. The new religion, Arianism flourished outside the Roman Empire. Partially to distinguish themselves from Arians, Catholic devotion to Mary became more important. This was the cause to further schisms.

In 380, mainstream Christianity (as opposed to Arianism) became the official religion of the Roman Empire. Christianity became more associated with the Empire. This was the reason why Christians living outside of the empire were persecuted, becasuse their rulers feared they would revolt in favor of the Emperor. In 385, capital punishment was first used upon a Christian 'heretic', namely Priscillian. 

During this period, the Bible as we know it today was first officially arranged in Church Councils or Synods. This was done through the process of official 'canonization'. Prior to these Councils or Synods, the Bible had already reached a form that was nearly identical to its current one:
The Council of Ephesus in 431 declared that Jesus was both fully man and fully God. Two decades later, the Council of Chalcedon solidified Roman papal primacy. This added to continuing breakdown in relations between Rome and Constantinople, the seat of the Eastern Church. The Monophysite disagreements over the precise nature of the incarnation of Jesus led to the first of the various Oriental Orthodox Churches breaking away from the Catholic Church.

After the fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476, trinitarian Christianity and Arian Christianity competed for the conversion of the barbarian tribes. The 496 conversion of Clovis I, pagan king of the Franks, saw the beginning of a steady rise of the faith in the West.

In 530, Saint Benedict wrote his Rule of St Benedict as a practical guide for monastic community life. Its message spread to monasteries throughout Europe. Monasteries became major conduits of civilization. They preserved craft and artistic skills and maintained intellectual culture. They functioned as spiritual , agricultural, economic and production centers. During this period the Visigoths and Lombards moved away from Arianism for Catholicism. Pope Gregory the Great reformed the ecclesiastical structures and administration. Then, he launched renewed missionary efforts. Missionaries such as Augustine of Canterbury, who was sent to begin the conversion of the Anglo-Saxons, others took Christianity into northern Europe. They spread Catholicism among the Germanic, and Slavic peoples. The Synod of Whitby of 664 was decisive for the reintegration of the Celtic Church of the British Isles into the Roman hierarchy. And in Italy, the 728 Donation of Sutri and the 756 Donation of Pepin left the papacy in charge a sizable kingdom. The Donation of Constantine further consolidated the papal position over the western part of the former Roman Empire.

In the early 8th century, Byzantine iconoclasm became a major source of conflict between the Eastern and Western parts of the Church. Byzantine emperors prohibited the creation and veneration of religious images. They saw them as violations of the Ten Commandments. Pope Gregory III vehemently disagreed. A new Empress Irene siding with the pope, called for an Ecumenical Council. In 787, the fathers of the Second Council of Nicaea "warmly received the papal delegates and his message". At the conclusion, 300 bishops, who were led by the representatives of Pope Hadrian I "adopted the Pope's teaching", in favor of icons.

The papacy acquired a new protector in the West with the coronation of Charlemagne by Pope Leo III in 800 and the handing over of the keys to the Tomb of Saint Peter. This freed the pontiffs from the power of the emperor in Constantinople. However, it also led to a schism, because the emperors and patriarchs of Constantinople interpreted themselves as the true descendants of the Roman Empire. Pope Nicholas I had refused to recognize Patriarch Photios I of Constantinople, who in turn had attacked the pope as a heretic. This was because he kept the filioque in the creed, which referred to the Holy Spirit emanating from God the Father and the Son. The papacy was strengthened through this new alliance, which in the long term created a new problem for the Popes. This was that, in the Investiture controversy, succeeding emperors sought to appoint bishops and even future popes. After the disintegration of the Carolingian Empire and repeated incursions of Islamic forces into Italy, the papacy, without any protection, entered a phase of major weakness.

The Cluniac reform of monasteries that began in 910 placed abbots under the direct control of the pope rather than the secular control of feudal lords. This eliminated a major source of corruption and sparked a great monastic renewal. Monasteries, convents and cathedrals still operated all schools and libraries. They also often functioned as credit establishments promoting economic growth. After 1100, some older cathedral schools were divided into:

During the 11th century, the East–West schism divided Christianity forever. It started with a dispute on whether Constantinople or Rome held jurisdiction over the church in Sicily. This led to mutual excommunications in 1054. The Western (Latin) branch of Christianity has since become known as the Catholic Church. The Eastern (Greek) branch became known as the Orthodox Church. The Second Council of Lyon (1274) and the Council of Florence (1439) both failed to heal the schism. Some Eastern churches have since reunited with the Catholic Church, and others claim never to have been out of communion with the pope. Officially, the two churches remain in schism, although excommunications were mutually lifted in 1965.

The 11th century saw the Investiture controversy between Emperor and Pope over the right to make church appointments. This was the first major phase of the struggle between Church and state in medieval Europe. The Papacy were the initial victors. However, Italians divided between Guelphs and Ghibellines in factions that lasted until the end of the Middle Ages. The dispute gradually weakened the Papacy, not least by drawing it into politics.

Pope Urban II started the First Crusade in 1095 when he received an appeal from Byzantine emperor Alexius I to help repel a Turkish invasion. Urban believed that a Crusade might help bring about reconciliation with Eastern Christianity. Encouraged by reports of Muslim atrocities against Christians, a series of military campaigns began in 1096. They were known as the Crusades. They were intended to return the Holy Land to Christian control. The goal was not permanently realized. Also, the Crusades left a legacy of mutual distrust between Muslims and Western and Eastern Christians. The sack of Constantinople during the Fourth Crusade left Eastern Christians resentful. In 2001, Pope John Paul II apologized to the Orthodox Christians for the sins of Catholics including the sacking of Constantinople in 1204.

Two new orders of architecture emerged from the Church of this era. The earlier Romanesque style combined massive walls, rounded arches and ceilings of masonry. To compensate for the absence of large windows, interiors were painted with scenes from the Bible and the lives of the saints. Later, the Basilique Saint-Denis marked a new trend in cathedral building when it utilized Gothic architecture. In other developments, the 12th century saw the founding of eight new monastic orders. Many of them functioned as Military Knights of the Crusades. Cistercian monk Bernard of Clairvaux had great influence over the new orders and produced reforms to ensure purity of purpose. His influence led Pope Alexander III to begin reforms that would lead to the establishment of canon law. In the following century, new mendicant orders were founded by Francis of Assisi and Dominic de Guzmán which brought consecrated religious life into urban settings.

Catharism grew in Languedoc in the 12th-century. The Inquisition originated during the period of struggle against this heresy. After the Cathars were accused of murdering a papal legate in 1208, Pope Innocent III declared the Albigensian Crusade. Abuses committed during the crusade caused Innocent III to informally institute the first papal inquisition to prevent future massacres and root out the remaining Cathars. Formalized under Gregory IX, this Medieval inquisition executed an average of three people per year for heresy at its height. Over time, other inquisitions were launched by the Church or secular rulers. Its main objectives were to prosecute heretics, to respond to the threat of Moorish invasion or for political purposes. The accused were encouraged to renounce their heresy and those who did not could be punished by penance, fines, imprisonment or execution by burning.

A growing sense of church-state conflicts marked the 14th century. To escape instability in Rome, Clement V in 1309 became the first of seven popes to reside in the fortified city of Avignon in southern France. This period was known as the Avignon Papacy. The papacy returned to Rome in 1378 at the urging of Catherine of Siena and others who felt the See of Peter should be in the Roman church. With the death of Pope Gregory XI later that year, the papal election was disputed between supporters of Italian and French-backed candidates. This led to the Western Schism. For 38 years, separate claimants to the papal throne sat in Rome and Avignon. Efforts at resolution further complicated the issue when a third compromise pope was elected in 1409. The matter was finally resolved in 1417 at the Council of Constance. There, the cardinals asked all three claimants to the papal throne to resign, and held a new election naming Martin V pope.

In the late 15th and early 16th centuries, European missionaries and explorers spread Catholicism to the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania. Pope Alexander VI, in the papal bull Inter caetera, awarded colonial rights over most of the newly discovered lands to Spain and Portugal. Under the patronato system, state authorities controlled clerical appointments and no direct contact was allowed with the Vatican. In December 1511, the Dominican friar Antonio de Montesinos openly rebuked the Spanish authorities governing Hispaniola for their mistreatment of the American natives, telling them "... you are in mortal sin ... for the cruelty and tyranny you use in dealing with these innocent people". King Ferdinand enacted the Laws of Burgos and Valladolid in response. Enforcement was lax, and while some blame the Church for not doing enough while others point to the Church as the only voice raised on behalf of indigenous peoples. The issue resulted in a crisis of conscience in 16th-century Spain.

In 1521, through the leadership and preaching of the Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan, the first Catholics were baptized in what became the first Christian nation in Southeast Asia, the Philippines. The following year, Franciscan missionaries arrived in what is now Mexico, and sought to convert the Indians and to provide for their well-being by establishing schools and hospitals. They taught the Indians better farming methods, and easier ways of weaving and making pottery. Because some people questioned whether the Indians were truly human and deserved baptism, Pope Paul III in the papal bull Veritas Ipsa or Sublimis Deus (1537) confirmed that the Indians were deserving people. Afterward, the conversion effort gained momentum. Over the next 150 years, the missions expanded into southwestern North America. In India, Portuguese missionaries and the Spanish Jesuit Francis Xavier evangelized among non-Christians and a Christian community which claimed to have been established by Thomas the Apostle.

In Europe, the Renaissance marked a period of renewed interest in ancient and classical learning. It also brought a re-examination of accepted beliefs. Cathedrals and churches had long served as picture books and art galleries for millions of the uneducated. The Church sponsored great Renaissance artists like Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci. Although Church leaders were able to promote Renaissance humanism, there were also conflicts between clerics and humanists. In 1509, a well known scholar of the age, Erasmus, wrote The Praise of Folly, a work which captured a widely held unease about corruption in the Church. The Papacy itself was questioned by conciliarism expressed in the councils of Constance and the Basel. Real reforms during these ecumenical councils and the Fifth Lateran Council were attempted several times but prevented. They were seen as necessary but did not succeed in large measure because of internal feuds, ongoing conflicts with the Ottoman Empire and Saracenes and the simony and nepotism practiced in the Renaissance Church of the 15th and early 16th centuries. As a result, rich, powerful and worldly men like Roderigo Borgia (Pope Alexander VI) were able to win election to the papacy.

The Fifth Lateran Council issued some but only minor reforms in March 1517. A few months later, on 31 October 1517, Martin Luther posted his Ninety-Five Theses in public, hoping to spark debate. His theses protested key points of Catholic doctrine as well as the sale of indulgences. Huldrych Zwingli, John Calvin, and others also criticized Catholic teachings. These challenges, supported by powerful political forces in the region, developed into the Protestant Reformation. During this era, many people emigrated from their homes to areas which tolerated or practiced their faith.

In Germany, the Reformation led to war between the Protestant Schmalkaldic League and the Catholic Emperor Charles V. The first nine-year war ended in 1555 . However, continued tensions produced a far graver conflict, the Thirty Years' War, which broke out in 1618. In the Netherlands, the wars of the Counter-Reformation were the Dutch Revolt and the Eighty Years' War. 

In France, a series of conflicts termed the French Wars of Religion was fought from 1562 to 1598 between the Huguenots and the forces of the French Catholic League. A series of popes sided with and became financial supporters of the Catholic League. This ended under Pope Clement VIII, who hesitantly accepted King Henry IV's 1598 Edict of Nantes, which granted civil and religious toleration to Protestants. In 1565, several hundred Huguenot shipwreck survivors surrendered to the Spanish in Florida, believing they would be treated well. Although a Catholic minority in their party was spared, all of the rest were executed for heresy, with active clerical participation.

The English Reformation was based on Henry VIII's desire for annulment of his marriage with Catherine of Aragon. It was initially more of a political, and later a theological dispute. The Acts of Supremacy made the English monarch head of the English church thereby establishing the Church of England. Then, beginning in 1536, some 825 monasteries throughout England, Wales and Ireland were dissolved and Catholic churches were confiscated.When he died in 1547 all monasteries, friaries, convents of nuns and shrines were destroyed or dissolved. Mary I of England reunited the Church of England with Rome and persecuted Protestants during the Marian Persecutions. After some provocation, the following monarch, Elizabeth I enforced the Act of Supremacy. This prevented Catholics from becoming members of professions, holding public office, voting or educating their children. Executions of Catholics and dissenting Protestants under Elizabeth I, who reigned much longer, then surpassed the Marian persecutions and persisted under the following English monarchs. Elizabeth I also executed other Penal laws were also enacted in Ireland but were less effective than in England. In part because the Irish people associated Catholicism with nationhood and national identity, they resisted persistent English efforts to eliminate the Catholic Church.

The Council of Trent (1545–1563) became the driving-force of the Counter-Reformation, and reaffirmed central Catholic doctrines such as transubstantiation, and the need for love and hope as well as faith to attain salvation. It also reformed many other areas of importance to the Church. It did so by improving the education of the clergy and consolidating the central jurisdiction of the Roman Curia.

The criticisms of the Reformation were among factors that sparked new religious orders including the Jesuits, which became the great missionary order of later years. Spiritual renewal and reform were inspired by many new saints like Teresa of Avila, Francis de Sales and Philip Neri. Their writings spawned distinct schools of spirituality within the Church (Oratorians, Carmelites, Salesian), etc. Improvement to the education of the laity was another positive effect of the era. To popularize Counter-Reformation teachings, the Church encouraged the Baroque style. Baroque religious expression was stirring and emotional, created to stimulate religious fervor.

Elsewhere, Jesuit missionary Francis Xavier introduced the Catholic Church in Japan. Church growth came to a halt in 1597 under the Shogun Toyotomi Hideyoshi who, in an effort to isolate the country from foreign influences, launched a severe persecution of Christians. Japanese were forbidden to leave the country and Europeans were forbidden to enter. Despite this, a minority Christian population survived into the 19th century when Japan opened more to outside influence, and they continue to the present day.

The Council of Trent generated a revival of religious life and Marian devotions in the Catholic Church. During the Reformation, the Church had defended its Marian beliefs against Protestant views. 

Pope Paul V and Gregory XV ruled in 1617 and 1622 to be inadmissible to state, that the virgin was conceived non-immaculate. Supporting the belief that the virgin Mary, in the first instance of her conception was preserved free from all stain of original sin (aka Immaculate Conception) Alexander VII declared in 1661, that the soul of Mary was free from original sin. Pope Clement XI ordered the feast of the Immaculata for the whole Church in 1708. The feast of the Rosary was introduced in 1716, the feast of the Seven Sorrows in 1727. The Angelus prayer was strongly supported by Pope Benedict XIII in 1724 and by Pope Benedict XIV in 1742. Popular Marian piety was even more colourful and varied than ever before: Numerous Marian pilgrimages, Marian Salve devotions, new Marian litanies, Marian theatre plays, Marian hymns, Marian processions. Marian fraternities, today mostly defunct, had millions of members.

The Enlightenment constituted a new challenge of the Church. Unlike the Protestant Reformation, the enlightenment questioned Christianity as a whole. Generally, it elevated human reason above divine revelation. It also and down-graded religious authorities such as the papacy based on it.

Toward the latter part of the 17th century, Pope Innocent XI saw increasing Turkish attacks against Europe as a threat for the Church. He built a Polish-Austrian coalition for the Turkish defeat at Vienna in 1683. Innocent X and Clement XI fought against Jansenism and Gallicanism. Both supported Conciliarism, and rejected papal primacy. This weakened the Church's ability to respond to gallicanist thinkers such as Denis Diderot, who challenged fundamental doctrines of the Church.

In 1685 gallicanist King Louis XIV of France issued the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes, ending a century of religious toleration. France forced Catholic theologians to support conciliarism and deny Papal infallibility. The king threatened Pope Innocent XI with a general council and a military take-over of the Papal state. The absolute French State used Gallicanism to gain control of virtually all major Church appointments as well as many of the Church's properties. State authority over the Church became popular in other countries as well. In Belgium and Germany, Gallicanism appeared in the form of Febronianism. Emperor Joseph II of Austria (1780–1790) practiced Josephinism. He regulated Church life, appointments, and massive confiscation of Church properties. The 18th century is also the time of the Catholic Enlightenment, a multi-faceted reform movement.

The anti-clericalism of the French Revolution promoted the nationalisation of church property and attempts to establish a state-run church. Large numbers of priests refused to take an oath of compliance to the National Assembly, leading to the Church being outlawed and replaced by a new religion of the worship of "Reason" but it never gained popularity. In this period, all monasteries were destroyed, 30,000 priests were exiled and hundreds more were killed. When Pope Pius VI sided against the revolution in the First Coalition, Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Italy. The 82-year-old pope was taken as a prisoner to France in February 1798 and soon died. To win popular support for his rule, Napoleon re-established the Catholic Church in France through the Concordat of 1801. The church lands were never returned, however the priests and other religious were given salaries by the government, which maintained church properties through tax revenues. Catholics were allowed to continue some of their schools. The end of the Napoleonic wars, signaled by the Congress of Vienna, brought Catholic revival and the return of the Papal States to the pope; the Jesuits were restored.

France remained basically Catholic. The Revolution failed to destroy the Catholic Church, and Napoleon's concordat of 1801 restored its status. The return of the Bourbons in 1814 brought back many rich nobles and landowners who supported the Church. However, few new priests were trained in the 1790–1814 period, and many left the church. The result was that the number of parish clergy plunged from 60,000 in 1790 to 25,000 in 1815, many of them elderly. Entire regions, especially around Paris, were left with few priests. On the other hand, some traditional regions held fast to the faith, led by local nobles and historic families. The comeback was slow—very slow in the larger cities and industrial areas. With systematic missionary work and support from Napoleon III, there was a comeback. Conservative Catholics held control of the national government, 1820–1830. However, most often played secondary political roles or had to fight the assault from republicans, liberals, socialists and seculars.

Throughout the lifetime of the Third Republic there were battles over the status of the Catholic Church. The French clergy and bishops were linked to the Monarchists. Republicans were based in the anticlerical middle class who saw the Church as a political threat to republicanism and progress. The Republicans detested the church for its political and class affiliations; for them, the church represented outmoded traditions, superstition and monarchism. The Republicans were strengthened by Protestant and Jewish support. Numerous laws were passed to weaken the Catholic Church. Napoleon's 1801 Concordat continued in operation but in 1881, the government cut off salaries to priests it disliked.

The 1882 school laws of Republican Jules Ferry set up a national system of public schools that taught strict puritanical morality but no religion. For a while privately funded Catholic schools were tolerated. Civil marriage became compulsory, divorce was introduced and chaplains were removed from the army.

When Leo XIII became pope in 1878 he tried to calm Church-State relations. In 1884 he told French bishops not to act in a hostile manner to the State. In 1892 he issued an encyclical advising French Catholics to rally to the Republic and defend the Church by participating in Republican politics. This attempt at improving the relationship failed. Deep-rooted suspicions remained on both sides and were inflamed by the Dreyfus Affair. Catholics were for the most part anti-dreyfusard. The Assumptionists published anti-Semitic and anti-republican articles in their journal La Croix. This infuriated Republican politicians, who were eager to take revenge. Often they worked in alliance with Masonic lodges. The Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry (1899–1902) and the Combes Ministry (1902–05) fought with the Vatican over the appointment of bishops. Chaplains were removed from naval and military hospitals (1903–04), and soldiers were ordered not to frequent Catholic clubs (1904). Combes as Prime Minister in 1902, was determined to thoroughly defeat Catholicism. He closed down all parochial schools in France. Then he had parliament reject authorisation of all religious orders. This meant that all fifty four orders were dissolved and about 20,000 members immediately left France, many for Spain.[190] In 1905 the 1801 Concordat was abrogated; Church and State were finally separated. All Church property was confiscated. Public worship was given over to associations of Catholic laymen who controlled access to churches. In practise, Masses and rituals continued. The Church was badly hurt and lost half its priests. In the long run, however, it gained autonomy—for the State no longer had a voice in choosing bishops and Gallicanism was dead.

Before the council, in 1854 Pope Pius IX proclaimed the dogma of the Immaculate Conception. The majority of Catholic Bishops supported this decision. Eight years earlier, in 1846, the Pope declared the Immaculata the patron of the USA.

During First Vatican Council, some 108 council fathers requested to add the words "Immaculate Virgin" to the Hail Mary. Some fathers asked to includethe dogma of the Immaculate Conception in the Creed of the Church. This was opposed by Pius IX. It was also strongly opposed by some council fathers, especially from Germany. Many French Catholics wished that the Council declared Papal infallibility and the assumption of Mary dogma. In 1870, the First Vatican Council affirmed the doctrine of papal infallibility. Controversy over this and other issues resulted in a very small breakaway movement called the Old Catholic Church.

The Industrial Revolution brought many concerns about the deteriorating conditions of urban workers. In 1891 Pope Leo XIII published the encyclical Rerum novarum. It was set in context Catholic social teaching: it rejected socialism but advocated the regulation of working conditions. Rerum novarum argued for the establishment of a living wage and the right of workers to form trade unions.

Quadragesimo anno was issued by Pope Pius XI, on 15 May 1931, 40 years after Rerum novarum. Unlike Leo, who addressed mainly the condition of workers, Pius XI concentrated on the ethical implications of the social and economic order. He called for the reconstruction of the social order based on the principle of solidarity and subsidiarity. He noted major dangers for human freedom and dignity, arising from unrestrained capitalism and totalitarian communism.

The social teachings of Pope Pius XII repeat these teachings. He applies them not only to workers and owners of capital, but also to other professions and all aspects of life. Going beyond Pius XI, he also defined social teachings in other areas such as medicine, psychology, sport, television, science, law and education. The dominant concern was the continued rights and dignity of the individual. With the beginning of the space age at the end of his pontificate, Pius XII explored the social implications of space exploration and satellites asking for a new sense of community and solidarity.

Popes have always highlighted the link between the Virgin Mary as Mother of God and the full acceptance of Jesus Christ as Son of God. Since the 19th century, they were very important for the development of mariology to explain the veneration of Mary. Before the 19th century, Popes promulgated Marian veneration in different ways such as authorizing new Marian feast days, prayers, initiatives, the acceptance and support of Marian congregations. Since the 19th century, Popes begin to use encyclicals more frequently. Thus Leo XIII, the Rosary Pope issued eleven Marian encyclicals. Recent Popes promulgated the veneration of the Blessed Virgin with two dogmas:

Pius XII also promulgated the new feast Queenship of Mary celebrating Mary as Queen of Heaven and he introduced the first ever Marian year in 1954, a second one was proclaimed by John Paul II. Pius IX, Pius XI and Pius XII facilitated the veneration of Marian apparitions such as in Lourdes and Fátima. Later Popes such from John XXIII to Benedict XVI promoted the visit to Marian shrines (Benedict XVI in 2007 and 2008). The Second Vatican Council highlighted the importance of Marian veneration in Lumen gentium. During the Council, Paul VI proclaimed Mary to be the Mother of the Church.

The 20th century saw the rise of various politically radical and anti-clerical governments. The 1926 Calles Law separating church and state in Mexico led to the Cristero War. In it, over 3,000 priests were exiled or assassinated, churches desecrated, services mocked, nuns raped and captured priests shot. In the Soviet Union following the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution, persecution of the Church and Catholics continued well into the 1930s. In addition to the execution and exiling of clerics, monks and laymen, the confiscation of religious implements and closure of churches was common. During the 1936–39 Spanish Civil War, the Catholic hierarchy supported Francisco Franco's rebel Nationalist forces against the Popular Front government. This was due to the Republican violence directed against the Church.

After the Second World War began in September 1939, the Church condemned the invasion of Poland and the following 1940 Nazi invasions. In the Holocaust, Pope Pius XII directed the Church hierarchy to help protect Jews and Gypsies from the Nazis. While Pius XII has been credited with helping to save hundreds of thousands of Jews, the Church has also been accused of antisemitism. Other commentators have accused Pius of not doing enough to stop Nazi atrocities. Debate over the validity of these criticisms continues to this day.

The Catholic Church started a reformation process after the Second Vatican Council (1962–65). Intended as a continuation of Vatican I, under Pope John XXIII the council developed into an engine of modernisation. Its main task was double:

Other reforms decided at the Second Vatican Council were:

In June 2004, the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I's visited Rome. This happened on the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul (29 June). Its scope was another personal meeting with Pope John Paul II, for conversations with the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity.

The Patriarch's partial participation in the Eucharistic liturgy followed the program of the past visits of Patriarch Dimitrios (1987) and Patriarch Bartholomew I himself:
The Patriarch did not fully participate in the Liturgy of the Eucharist involving the consecration and distribution of the Eucharist itself.

In accordance with the Catholic Church's practice of including the Filioque clause when reciting the Creed in Latin, but not when reciting the Creed in Greek, Popes John Paul II and Benedict XVI have recited the Nicene Creed jointly with Patriarchs Demetrius I and Bartholomew I in Greek without the Filioque clause.

The declaration of Ravenna in 2007 re-asserted these beliefs, and re-stated the notion that the bishop of Rome is indeed the protos, although future discussions are to be held on the concrete ecclesiological exercise of papal primacy.

With the election of Pope Benedict XVI in 2005, the Church largely saw a continuation of the policies of his predecessor, Pope John Paul II. However, there were some notable exceptions: Benedict decentralized beatifications and reverted the decision of his predecessor regarding papal elections. In 2007, he set a Church record by approving the beatification of 498 Spanish Martyrs. His first encyclical Deus caritas est discussed love and sex in continued opposition to several other views on sexuality. 

Following the resignation of Benedict, Pope Francis was elected pope 2013. He is the current and first Jesuit pope, the first pope from the Americas, and the first from the Southern Hemisphere. Since his election to the papacy, he has displayed a simpler and less formal approach to the office, choosing to reside in the Vatican guesthouse rather than the papal residence. 

Zainab bint Muhammad

Zainab bint Muhammad () (598/599—629 CE), was the eldest daughter of Muhammad and Khadija bint Khuwaili. Zainab was born in 600 AD, in the 5th year of Khadija's marriage, and died in 8 AH, 629 AD, at the age of 30.


Glass ceiling

A glass ceiling is an idea that people use to talk about why some people do not get promotions in companies, schools, and other groups. A company has a glass ceiling if it "looks" as if women and minorities could become leaders but they never really do. That is called a glass ceiling because a new employee starting at the bottom (the "ground floor"), can see all the way up to the top of the building (leadership), but really there is a barrier in the way.

The metaphor was first made by feminists to talk about why it is harder for high-achieving women to get promotions than men. In the US, the concept is sometimes used to refer to minorities based not on gender. Women of color in countries whose population is mostly white people often find the most difficulty in "breaking the glass ceiling" because they are both women and people of color, two types of people who were not liked in the past. East Asian and East Asian American news outlets have made a used a metaphor taken from the original, the term "bamboo ceiling". It tries to show white people not liking East Asians, as bamboo is from Asia.

Within the same ideas of the other terms surrounding the workplace, there are similar terms about extra rules about women and their roles within organisations and how they manage their jobs as mothers. These "Invisible Barriers" work as metaphors to describe the many extra things stopping women, usually when trying to become better in their career and usually while also trying to make their other parts of life better.

"A glass ceiling" represents something stopping women from getting high ranks in a company where people have different amounts of power, usually shown on a pyramid diagram. Those women are not allowed to get promotion, especially to the very high rankings, inside their jobs. Since 2001, the women working who do not work in the health and educational sector have not been seen in the high ranks a lot.

Pukhraj Bafna

Pukhraj Bafna is an Indian pediatrician and adolescent health consultant, known for his contributions towards tribal child and adolescent health. The Government of India honored Bafna in 2011, with the fourth highest civilian award of Padma Shri.

Madan Tiwary

Madan Tiwary (1923-2011) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India from Rajnandgaon, Madhya Pradesh as a member of the Janata Party.

Belle (2013 movie)

Belle is a 2013 British biographical drama movie directed by Amma Asante and starring Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Tom Wilkinson, Miranda Richardson, Emily Watson, Alex Jennings, Penelope Wilton, Matthew Goode, James Norton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Idris (prophet)

Idrīs (), is known to Muslims as Hazrat Idris, is the third prophet sent to mankind according to Islamic history. According to Muslim belief, he received prophethood from the Creator after Adam, the first prophet of Islam. There is disagreement about his birthplace. According to some, he was born in Babylon, Iraq. According to some, he was born in Egypt. He is thought to be the Enoch mentioned in the Bible.

Idris is mentioned twice in the Quran, where he is described as a wise man. In surah 19 of the Quran, "Maryam", God says: 
Later, in surah 21, "al-Anbiya", Idris is again praised: 

David Yonggi Cho

David Yonggi Cho (14 February 1936 – 14 September 2021) was a South Korean Christian minister. He was a co-founder of the Yoido Full Gospel Church (Assemblies of God). It was the world's largest congregation with 830,000 members in 2007. He was born in Ulju County, South Korea. In 2014, Cho was convicted of embezzling $12 million USD in church funds.

Cho died on 14 September 2021 at the age of 85 from problems caused by a stroke.

Viktor Kazantsev

Viktor Germanovich Kazantsev (; 26 February 1946 – 14 September 2021) was a Russian general and politician. He was an envoy of the Russian president to the Southern Federal District from 2000 to 2004. He was in charge of negotiations between the Russian government and the Chechen opposition. He was a general of the Russian Ground Forces. His military career began with the Soviet Army in 1963. He retired in 2000. He was born in Vitebsk Region, Soviet Union.

Kazantsev died on 14 September 2021 in Krasnodar, Russia at the age of 75.

Ali Ahmed Mullah

Sheikh Ali Abdul Rahman Ahmed Mulla (), is the veteran muazzin (caller for prayer) at the Masjid al-Haram in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.


Ladislav Lubina

Ladislav Lubina (11 February 1967 – 14 September 2021) was a Czech ice hockey player and ice hockey coach. He was drafted by the Minnesota North Stars in 1985. He never played in the NHL. Lubina won a bronze medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics, playing for the national team. Lubina was born in Dvůr Králové nad Labem, Czechoslovakia.

Lubina died on 14 September 2021 of brain cancer in Prague, Czech Republic at the age of 54.

Sergio Fajardo

Sergio Fajardo Valderrama (; born 19 June 1956) is a Colombian politician and mathematician. Fajardo was the Governor of Antioquia from 2012 to 2016. He was Mayor of Medellin from 2004 until 2008. He is a member of the Compromiso Ciudadano Party.

Fajardo ran for President of Colombia in the 2018, coming in third place. He ran again for president in the 2022 election and came in fourth place.

The Green Dome

The Green Dome (), is a green dome built over the tombs of Muhammad, Caliph Abu Bakr and Umar. The dome is located in the south-east corner of the Nawabi Mosque in Medina.

Fred Stanfield

Frederic William Stanfield (May 4, 1944 – September 13, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League from 1964 until 1978. He won two Stanley Cups with the Boston Bruins, in 1970 and 1972. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. Stanfield played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Boston Bruins, Minnesota North Stars and the Buffalo Sabres.

Stanfield died on September 13, 2021 in Buffalo, New York at the age of 77.

Beverly Hills, Michigan

Beverly Hills is a village in Oakland County of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is about north of the city of Detroit. 10,584 people lived here in 2020.

Fran Bennett

Fran Bennett (August 14, 1937 – September 12, 2021) was an American actress. She was born in Malvern, Arkansas. Her career began in 1961. She played Dr. Heffner in the 1994 horror movie "Wes Craven's New Nightmare". She also appeared in the 1990s soap opera "Sunset Beach" and medical drama "Nightingales". She also taught at the California Institute of the Arts.

Bennett died on September 12, 2021 in Santa Clarita, California at the age of 84.

California Institute of the Arts

The California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) is a private art university in Santa Clarita, California. It was created in 1961. They have Bachelor of Fine Arts, Master of Fine Arts, Master of Arts, and Doctor of Musical Arts programs. The school's area of education include Art, Critical Studies, Dance, Film/Video, Music, and Theater.

Do Not Disturb (1965 movie)

Do Not Disturb is a 1965 American romantic comedy movie directed by Ralph Levy and George Marshall and was based on the play "Some Other Love" by William Fairchild. It stars Doris Day, Rod Taylor, Hermione Baddeley, Raquel Welch, Reginald Gardiner, Leon Askin, Britt Ekland, Dick Winslow and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Yuriy Sedykh

Yuriy Georgiyevich Sedykh (; ) (11 June 1955 – 14 September 2021) was a Soviet track and field athlete, who took part of the hammer throw. He held the world record with a throw of 86.74 m. He won two Olympic gold medals at the 1976 Summer Olympics and 1980 Summer Olympics. He also won a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Sedykh was born in Novocherkassk, Russia.

Sedykh died on 14 September 2021 in Paris, France at the age of 66.

Novocherkassk

Novocherkassk (, lit. "New Cherkassk") is a city in Rostov Oblast, Russia. 168,746 people lived here in 2010.

Rostov Oblast

Rostov Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). The oblast has an area of . 4,277,976 people lived here (2010 Census).

Dix Hills, New York

Dix Hills is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) on Long Island in the town of Huntington in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 26,180 at the 2020 census.

Pithecopus oreades

Pithecopus oreades is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives high in the hills. Scientists have seen it more than 900 meters above sea level. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 280 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lays eggs in streams, where the tadpoles swim in pools.

Nikah mut'ah

In Twelverism, Nikah mut'ah is a form of marriage. It is also called Sigheh. Unlike Nikāḥ, which is the other form of marriage in Islamic law, a Nikah mut'ah marriage does not last for the two people's whole lives. It lasts only limited time. Nikah mutah is about sexual pleasure. Followers of Twelver Shia Islam believe that Nikah mut'ah is legal, but most other Muslims disagree on this belief. 

Some things must be true for a Nikah mut'ah:

Nikah mut'ah is different from the other form of marriage in other ways too:

Nikah mut'ah does not have to be publicly announced. Islam says that Muslim men may have only four and no more, but this only applies to Nikah-marriages.

According to Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the Nikah mut'ah is the only way a Muslim can marry a person of the Book who is not Muslim. He says Nikah is not possible with non-Muslims. Other Ayatollahs say that Muslims can marry non-Muslim people of the book.

Nikah mut'ah has been used to cover child prostitution. Some Western writers have argued that mut'ah is similar to prostitution. Julie Parshall writes that mut'ah is legalised prostitution allowed by the Twelver Shia authorities. She quotes the Oxford encyclopedia of modern Islamic world to make a difference between marriage (nikah) and mut'ah. She also says that while nikah is for having children, mut'ah is just for sexual gratification. 

Dominic West

Dominic Gerard Francis Eagleton West (born 15 October 1969) is an English actor, director and musician. He played Baltimore detective Jimmy McNulty in the HBO series "The Wire" (2002–2008). His roles as Hector Madden in "The Hour" (2011–2012) and as Noah Solloway in "The Affair" (2014–2019) earnt him Golden Globe nominations. West won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actor for playing serial killer Fred West in "Appropriate Adult" (2011).

West acted in "Chicago" (2002), "300" (2007), "" (2008), "Johnny English Reborn" (2011), "John Carter" (2012), "The Square" (2017) and "Colette" (2018).

West was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire. He has Irish ancestry. He is married to Catherine FitzGerald. He has five children.

João Martins (footballer, born 1927)

João Baptista Martins (3 September 1927 – 16 November 1993) was a Portuguese footballer.

He played for Sporting CP for 13 years. During his time with the club, he would win seven Primeira Liga titles and the 1954 Taça de Portugal.

On September 4, 1955, he scored the first-ever goal of the European Cup, in a 3–3 draw against FK Partizan.

Martins won 11 caps for Portugal. He made his debut on November 23, 1952, in a 1–1 draw against Austria.

After retiring, Martins moved to France, and worked in a factory. He died in November 1993 aged 66, due to heart failure.


Military career of Muhammad

Military career of Muhammad ("c." 570 – 8 June 632), Islam lasted from 622 to 632, the last ten years of his life. He and his followers were expelled from the holy city of Mecca, controlled by the powerful Quraish tribe. He began to block the caravans of Mecca. After the first battle of Badr in 624, his power gradually increased and he began to influence other tribes through diplomacy or conquest.



Nouman Ali Khan

Nouman Ali Khan is an American Muslim speaker and author of Pakistani descent. He is the founder and CEO of The Bayyinah Institute for Arabic and Quranic Studies and Chief Adviser. The fifth edition of The Five Hundred Most Influential Muslims, a biographical dictionary of Islamic personalities, lists Noman Ali Khan as one of the most influential Muslims in the world without any ranking.

Khan was born 4 May 1978, in Germany to a Pakistani family and spent his preschool years in the former East Berlin. His father then worked for the Pakistan Embassy in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, where Khan attended the Pakistan Embassy school from grades 2 to 8. His father moved the family to New York when Khan was in his teens.

His serious training in Arabic began in the United States in 1999 under Dr. Abdus-Samie, founder and formal principal of Quran College, Faisaland, Paskistan. Under Dr. Abdus-Samie, Nouman developed a keen methodical understanding of Arabic grammar. He further benefited from Dr. Abdus-Samie by internalizing his unique teaching methods and later translating his work into English for the benefit of his own students. Then Nouman served as a professor below a assistant professor at Nassau Community College and has taught Modern Standard and Classical Arabic at various venues. After serving as an instructor (a college teacher ranking below assistant professor) in Nassau Community College he founded Bayyinah Institute. After founding Bayyinah Institute he became the author of "Divine Speech: Exploring Quran As Literature" and "Revive Your Heart: Putting Life in Perspective"

Meromorphic function

A meromorphic function is a function that is holomorphic (defined on the complex numbers, and that can be differentiated everywhere where it is defined) on all of an open set except for a set of isolated points, which are poles of the function.

All rational functions, for exampleformula_1are meromorphic on the whole complex plane.

Blue Springs, Missouri

Blue Springs is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Buckner, Missouri

Buckner is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Grain Valley, Missouri

Grain Valley is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Lotawana, Missouri

Lake Lotawana is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Tapawingo, Missouri

Lake Tapawingo is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Levasy, Missouri

Levasy is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Lone Jack, Missouri

Lone Jack is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Raytown, Missouri

Raytown is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Yasmin Mogahed

Yasmin Mogahed (born 1980), is an international speaker and author, she focuses most of her work on spiritual and personal development. She received her B.S. Degree in Psychology and her Masters in Journalism and Mass Communications from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.



Avondale, Missouri

Avondale is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Gladstone, Missouri

Gladstone is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Glenaire, Missouri

Glenaire is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Kearney, Missouri

Kearney is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Missouri City, Missouri

Missouri City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Mosby, Missouri

Mosby is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

North Kansas City, Missouri

North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Pleasant Valley, Missouri

Pleasant Valley is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Randolph, Missouri

Randolph is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Fox Business

Fox Business (officially known as Fox Business Network) is an American business news channel owned by the Fox News Media division of Fox Corporation. The channel broadcasts primarily from studios at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan. It was launched on October 15, 2007. The network features trading day coverage and a nightly lineup of opinion-based talk shows.

Day-to-day operations are run by Kevin Magee, executive vice president of Fox News. Neil Cavuto is the vice president and managing editor for the network and business news operation overall.

As of February 2015, Fox Business Network is available to approximately 74,224,000 pay television households (63.8% of households with television) in the United States.

Gender bias in science

Gender bias is a set of words used in social science that causes a bias, or slant, in scientific studies towards one gender. Studies with gender bias do not represent the true gender balance.

Gender bias has many causes:


Sahakutumb Sahaparivar

Sahakutumb Sahaparivar () is a Marathi language drama which aired on Star Pravah. It starred Sunil Barve and Nandita Dhuri-Patkar. The show is produced by Ranjit Thakur and Hemant Ruparel for Frames Production.



Lagira Zala Ji

Lagira Zala Ji is an Indian Marathi language television Drama series. It started on 1 May 2017 and ended on 22 June 2019. It was produced by Shweta Shinde under Vajra Productions.

The series premiered on 1 May 2017 and aired on Zee Marathi from Monday to Saturday at 7 pm by replacing "Jai Malhar".








Johan Huizinga

Johan Huizinga (7 December 1872 – 1 February 1945) was a Dutch historian, known as author of work "The Autumn of the Middle Ages (1919)". He was also employer of Groningen University and Leiden University. 

Chestnut flour

Chestnut flour, also called sweet flour, is a flour made by grinding chestnuts.

It has a hazelnut-like color and a sweet flavour. It is mainly made in Italian mountain regions, which is between 450 to 900 meters above sea level, where the sweet chestnut can be found. In the past, it was a important source for the regions as it is high in energy.

The chestnut in the time of San Benedetto was intensively cultivated due to famines and the plague in Tuscany in the 1300s that led the population to move in for finding support at the hills.

In Corsica, chestnut trees were introduced in the 16th century by the Genoese, and their spread had changed the culture of the island including its food.

Li Yin

Li Yin (Chinese::李因, Born 1610 - 1685) was a poet, painter, calligrapher during late Ming Dynasty and in the early of Qing Dynasty, she is known for her flowers and birds on paintings.

Many of her paintings are collected in museums includes:


Lin Xue

Lin Xue (Chinese:林雪) was a poet, painter, and calligrapher of the Ming Dynasty.


Sun Long

Sun Long (Simplified Chinese::孙隆, Traditional Chinese:孫隆) was a landscape painter during the Ming Dynasty.


Lust for Gold

Lust for Gold is a 1949 American adventure western movie directed by S. Sylvain Simon and was based on the novel "Thunder God's Gold" by Barry Storm. It stars Ida Lupino, Glenn Ford, Gig Young, Edgar Buchanan, Paul Ford, Will Geer and Columbia Pictures.


Mangala

Mangala (Sanskrit: मङ्गल, IAST: Maṅgala) is the name for Mars, the red planet, in Hindu texts. Also known as Lohit (meaning: red), he is the god of anger, celibate and sometimes linked to god Kartikeya (Skanda). 

The Runaround (1946 movie)

The Runaround is a 1946 American mystery movie directed by Charles Lamont and starring Rod Cameron, George Cleveland, Ella Raines, Charles Coleman, Joe Sawyer, Nana Bryant, Frank McHugh. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Frontier Gal

Frontier Gal is a 1945 American western movie directed by Charles Lamont and starring Yvonne De Carlo, Rod Cameron, Andy Devine, Fuzzy Knight, Andrew Tombes, Sheldon Leonard, Clara Blandick, Jan Wiley. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


LIV Swiss Watches

LIV Swiss Watches is a watch company in Miami, United States. LIV Swiss Watches' headquarters are in Miami, but most of its watches are made by hand and put together in Switzerland. It is the Swiss watch brand with the support.

The watches are available worldwide. Magazines and newspapers in Switzerland, Germany, France, Japan, and other countries have written about them.

Esti Chazanow started LIV Swiss Watches in Miami, Florida in 2012. She wanted to build good Swiss watches that were not expensive but could also last, and so went on Kickstarter to get crowdfunding for her idea. Chazanow wanted to make LIV Swiss Watches more personalized too, instead of mass producing it. Some other crowdfunded watch brands are Sequent "SuperCharger" and "Laventure Marine".

LIV Swiss Watches has also supported and worked with Taylor Eisenhart since 2019. In 2018, LIV Watches gave the winners of the F1600 Championship Series with custom "GX1-A" Swiss watches.

The first LIV watch model, the "GX1 Swiss Quartz Chronograph", came out in 2014. The second model, the "GX1-A Swiss Automatic", was funded with $1,119,029 by over 2,169 people within 12 hours.

Another model launched in 2016 is the "GX Base". Later in 2017, the next LIV model, called "Rebel", was also funded within 12 hours, receiving more than $1.7 million from over 2,900 people. The "GX1-A" was also launched in 2017. It has a luminescent (light-making) feature called "Super-LumiNova". In 2018, the "Titanium Ceramic Chrono" watch was launched and funded.

Other models include the "GX1 Panda" (for sportswear), "GMT Cobalt", "GX-AC", "GX1", and many others.

There are also many limited edition watches and collections. Some of them are specialized watches for divers, pilots, and other watches for specific uses and groups of people.


Rang Majha Vegla

Rang Majha Vegla () is an Indian Marathi soap opera that aired on Star Pravah. It started on 30 October 2019.





Uyghur genocide

The Repression of Uyghurs in China (sometimes called the Uyghur Genocide) is all the human rights violations in Xinjiang that are hurting Uyghurs. This is being done by the Chinese government. It is estimated that there are more than a million Uyghurs being persecuted. Some governments and human rights NGOs (organisations that aren't governments) call the repression against Uyghurs a genocide (destroying a group of people). Not everybody agrees that the repression is a genocide though.

The Uyghurs

Thousands of mosques are being destroyed and damaged. Hundreds of thousands of children are being sent to boarding schools.

Ai (singer)

, known mononymously as Ai (, stylized as AI or A.I. ), is a Japanese-American singer-songwriter, record producer, spokeswoman, and actress. She is best known in Japan for her 2005 single "Story", which became one of the biggest singles of the 2000s in Japan, peaking at number 8 on the Japanese Oricon singles chart, and was the sixth single in history to receive a triple million digital certification by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).

Ai released her debut single "Cry, Just Cry" in 2000 shortly after graduating high school. She released two additional singles from the album before it was released on her birthday in 2001.

In 2003, Ai signed to Def Jam Japan after her previous album was a commercial failure. With the release of "Original Ai" in 2003, she began to rise in popularity in Japan. Her third album, "2004 Ai", became her first album to receive a certification from the RIAJ.

In 2005, Ai moved to Island Records. Later that year, she released her best-selling single in her career, "Story". Her fourth album, "Mic-a-holic Ai", was released later that year. She released her fifth album, "What's Goin' On Ai" in 2006 and her sixth, "Don't Stop Ai" in 2007.

In March 2009, Ai released her seventh studio album, "Viva Ai". Later that year, her first greatest hits album, "Best Ai" was released. "Best Ai" became Ai's first number one album on the Japan Oricon Albums chart. In December 2010, she released her eighth album, "The Last Ai".

In 2011, Ai left Universal Music Group and signed a global music publishing deal with EMI to release her music worldwide. She signed a record deal with EMI Music Japan . Her first single with the label, "Letter in the Sky" featured The Jacksons and was released in October 2011. It was the groups first single in 22 years. Her second single "Happiness" became one of her best selling singles since "Story". Her ninth album, "Independent" was released in 2012. In 2013, following the purchase of EMI by Universal, Ai was moved to EMI Records Japan. She released one album under the label, "Moriagaro" in 2013 before the label was divided into two separate sublabels.

In November 2015, Ai released a compilation album, "The Best", to celebrate fifteen years in the music industry. It marked her first album release under EMI Records. The compilation album was reissued in mid-2016. A third compilation release of tracks with featured artists titled "The Feat. Best" was issued in November 2016.

In 2017, Ai teased her eleventh studio album, "Wa to Yo". It was released in June 2017. A deluxe version of the album was released in October 2017.

In early 2019, Ai traveled to her hometown, Los Angeles, California, to record new material to celebrate twenty years in the music industry and for the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics. Her fourth compilation album, "Kansha!!!!! - Thank You for 20 Years New and Best", was released in November 2019, serving as her first international compilation release. Ai's extended play, "It's All Me, Vol. 1" was planned to be released on the start of the 2020 Olympics, but instead was delayed to July after the event was postponed to summer 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The lead single of "It's All Me, Vol. 1", "Summer Magic" was her first single to be released internationally in May 2019. Its Japanese version was included in an advertisement for the Amazon Echo.

In February 2021, she released "It's All Me, Vol. 2" and a digital compilation extended play, "Self Selection Hip Hop". In June 2021, most of her early discography was made available to stream and purchase digitally outside of Asia. Before, only "Independent", "Wa to Yo" and releases after January 2019 were available. Additionally in June, Ai released "The Moment", a single featuring Japanese rapper Yellow Bucks. In August, she released a collaboration single with Daichi Miura titled "In the Middle". In September, EMI issued her second compilation EP, "Self Selection "Piano Ballad"". In September 2021, Ai announced her next single, "Aldebaran". The song serves as the theme song for the NHK television drama, "Come Come Everbody". Upon its release in November, it became her first charting single on the "Billboard Japan" Hot 100 since her 2017 single, "Kira Kira". The song debuted and peaked at number 37 on the chart. On the Oricon charts, "Aldebaran" peaked at number 4 on the Daily Digital Singles Chart and number 6 on the weekly Digital Singles Chart. In December 2021, Ai announced her twelfth studio album, "Dream" would be released in February 2022. 

In April 2023, Ai announced her fourteenth headlining concert tour, the Respect All Tour. A single titled after the tour was released on May 22. In May, Ai performed live in Hiroshima on the same day the 49th G7 summit took place. Ai performed and gave a speech to the spouses of world leaders, including First Lady Jill Biden and Akshata Murty. Within that same month, a global tour additionally was announced by her management company where Ai will raise donations for UNICEF Japan. 

In June 2023, Ai announced her thirteenth studio album, "Respect All". Released in August, the album featured Nestlé Japan's Kit Kat campaign song, "Start Again", as well as "Life Goes On", the image song for the Japanese film "Haru ni Chiru".

When Ai was four, she moved from Los Angeles to Kagoshima. She had a difficult time learning Japanese and making friends. She was only able to talk to her mother, Barbara, who was born and raised in the United States and only knew English.

After graduating junior high school, Ai and her family moved back to Los Angeles. She was uninterested in enrolling in high school because she wanted to sing. She registered at Glendale High School and struggled to communicate in English. She later auditioned for Los Angeles County High School for Arts. She took ballet while enrolled.

In 2014, Ai became engaged to Hiro, the leader and vocalist of the rock band Kaikigesshoku. The pair had been dating for 10 years, and wed in January 2014. On August 28, 2015, Ai gave birth to her first child, a baby girl. On July 24, 2018, it was revealed Ai was pregnant with her second child. Her second child, a boy, was born on December 29, 2018.

In 2019, Ai revealed her annoyance of when searching her name online, the results only show for artificial intelligence. An outdoor advertisement at Shinjuku Station that was promoting her 2019 single "Summer Magic" included an image of a search engine with the top results displaying images of artificial intelligence, with a photo of Ai herself cut off at the bottom of the image.

Pyaar Ki Dhunn

Pyaar Ki Dhun is a 2021 romantic musical drama series, produced by 4 Lions Films starring Debmataa Saha, Simmba Nagpal & Sana Sayyed. The show is a spin-off of the 2018 musical saga Kulfi Kumar Bajewala.

After 18 years, Amyra has become a very successful and rich singer while Kulfi sings behind Amyra's voice. The truth is not known to anyone except these sisters. Eventually, the truth is revealed to a guy named Dhruv who is in love with Kulfi, Kulfi also falls in love with Dhruv but one day, Amyra and Dhruv's car gets into an accident, Amyra also falls in love with Dhruv but Dhruv and Kulfi already love each other and that's why Amyra feels jealous on Kulfi and Dhruv's Relation and add many obstacles as possible in their relations to make Dhruv Qfall for her.

The Leopard Man

The Leopard Man is a 1943 American horror movie directed by Jacques Tourneur and was based on the novel "Black Alibi" by Cornell Woolrich. It stars Margo, Dennis O'Keefe, Jean Brooks, Isabel Jewell, Abner Biberman and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


The Fabulous Texan

The Fabulous Texan is a 1947 American western movie directed by Edward Ludwig and starring Wild Bill Elliott, John Carroll, Catherine McLeod, Albert Dekker, Andy Devine, Patricia Knight, Ruth Donnelly, Harry Davenport, Johnny Sands. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.

Blackmail (1947 movie)

Blackmail is a 1947 American action crime movie directed by Lesley Selander and starring William Marshall, Adele Mara, Ricardo Cortez, Grant Withers, Stephanie Bachelor, Ray Barcroft, Gregory Gaye. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Kaluga

Kaluga () is a city in Kaluga Oblast, Russia. It is the capital of Kaluga Oblast. As of 2012, the city has 328,871 people.

Kaluga was used in the 14th century as a stronghold against the Tatar people on the southern borders of Muscovy. It later became a seat of provincial administration. In the early 17th century it was devastated by Cossacks, plague, and fire, and in the winter of 1941 it was held by the Germans. It has a wide range of industries, producing turbines, railway equipment, and consumer goods. The city is on the Vyazma–Tula railway near its junction with the Moscow–Kiev line.

Kaluga is located within western Russia. It occupies an area in the upper Oka River basin southwest of Moscow oblast. Broad, often swampy valleys alternate with rolling hills of the Central Russian Uplands. It is
189 kilometers southwest of Moscow, 880 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg and 623 kilometers southwest of Nizhny Novgorod.

Kaluga Region is one of the most promising regions of Russia to make investments in. The region holds the fifth place in the national rating of investment attractiveness. For a number of years Kaluga Region has been holding the leading positions in terms of industrial output growth rates. 

Kaluga Region Government has created all conditions for successful development of both large-scale production facilities and industrial SMEs. Investors, operating in the region, admit that Kaluga Region investment policy meets the highest global standards. The regional legislative and regulatory framework guarantees the safety of investments.

Daughters of the Polo God

Daughters of the Polo God is a 2018 Indian documentary movie. It is in two languages: Meitei and English. Roopa Baruah directed it. Hemanti Sarkar edited it. The story is about saving the endangered Meitei horse (Manipuri pony) and empowering women in the sport of polo () at the same time.

The movie is about Manipuri women in polo sports. In India, polo is mostly played by men. It also shows the way they work with their Meitei horses (Manipuri ponies). The players in the documentary work very hard so they can go to the annual polo tournament.

The movie begins with Sagol Kangjei (), the ancient form of polo in Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur). It was a war game. That means the sport was placed during peacetime so warriors could practice their war skills. It ended up with the present day advancements of the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association. It creates a cultural, ecological, historical and social relationship between the sport, the horses, and the ethnic groups of humans who live in that part of the world.

The polo started in the far corner of the North East India (Ancient Manipur). It has been developed there for many centuries. At the same time, Women's empowerment has been very active in the history of Manipur. Roopa Barua, the maker of the "Daughters of the Polo God", took interest in these facts. So, she set her project on it. She said, 

"A young polo sisterhood is developing in Manipur that ploughs on in spite of adversity and political turmoil. They are intensely connected to their sacred Manipuri pony and play an international tournament every year. My film is a tribute to these polo players, the modern Manipuri women and the pony campaign."

She spoke to the media that Manipuri girls are empowered a lot and have been able to play and do well for themselves. Before the beginning of the journey, the polo girls offered prayers to Marjing, the ""Polo God"" of Meitei religion, at his temple. And so, the name of the movie is also taken from the sense that the polo player girls are the daughters of their beloved father like Polo God of their own ethnic religion. Notably, it took over four years to complete the making of the movie.

The movie gets 6 international awards at 5 International Film Festivals. These are held at different countries of the world.
The Equus Festival takes its winning films on a film tour across North American and European countries. The "Daughters of the Polo God" was also one of the winners. So, it was also shown in the different places. These are:
The movie received official entries in many international film festivals. These are organised across the world. These include:


Blagoveshchensk

Blagoveshchensk () is a city in Russia's Amur Oblast. It is the capital of Amur Oblast. As of 2021, the city has 241,437. People from Blagoveshchensk can see Heihe in Mainland China, because it is in the China-Russia border.

Blagoveshchensk is founded in 1856 as a fort, then Blagoveshchensk has become a major centre of the Russian Far East. Although remotely located, Blagoveshchensk has good communications by the navigable Amur River, a connection to the Trans-Siberian Railroad, and several motor roads. Blagoveshchensk’s industries include food processing; timber working; the making of gold-mining machinery, electrical apparatus, and woolens; and the building and repair of rivercraft.

Blagoveshchensk is home to a number of ornate 19th-century buildings, many of which were restored in the late 1990s.

Blagoveshchensk is located in the China-Russia border. It faces Heihe, Heilongjiang, China on the south. People from Blagoveshchensk can see China from the naked eye. It is 7,750 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 8,179 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 7,287 kilometers southeast of Nizhny Novgorod, 5,951 kilometers southeast of Yekaterinburg, and 4,373 kilometers southeast of Novosibirsk.

Pithecopus ayeaye

The reticulate leaf frog ("Pithecopus ayeaye") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 35 to 42.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 41.3 to 46.1 mm long. The frog has green skin with big orange blotches with dark blue or purple around them. The frog gets its name from this "reticulated" pattern on its skin. This frog has no webbing on any of its four feet, and the climbing disks on its toes are very small.

This frog lives in small rivers and pools where the water is deep.

When it is time to lay eggs, the frog finds a branch hanging over a pool of water. It builds a nest out of leaves on the branch. It lays eggs in the folded leaves. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall out of the nest into the water.

Many of the places where this frog lives are protected parks, but it is still endangered. 

This frog is endangered because humans change the places it lives into farms and mines and other things, because humans build roads through places the frog lives so that it can't travel from place to place, because of pollution, and because humans use chemicals meant to kill pests and chemicals meant to make crops grow, and these hurt the frog.

Olumide Makanjuola

Olumide Makanjuola is a human rights activist and supporter of LGBT rights. Makanjuola was the director of The Initiative for Equal rights (TIERS) and is the program director for Initiative Sankofa d’Afrique de l’Ouest (ISDAO) which supports grants to LGBTQ communities in West Africa improving LGBT rights and safety.

In 2016 Makanjuola was given a Queen's Young Leaders Award for work for the LGBTQ community.

Surah Hud

Surah Hud (, ), is the 11th surah of the Qur'an , the religious book of Muslims; There are 123 verses and 10 ruku's. Surah Hud has been revealed in Makkah . This surah speaks of the wrath (divine punishment) upon the previous nations and various kinds of severe torment (pre-determined punishment) and the terrible events of the Day of Resurrection and the rewards and punishments.


Surah Yusuf

Surah Yusuf (,); is the 12th surah of the Muslim religious book, the Qur'an, with 111 verses and 12 verses. Surah Yusuf in Makkah Revealed. Although the events of the other prophets are mentioned in different surahs of the Qur'an, only the events of Yusuf are narrated in full continuity in Surah Yusuf of the Qur'an. Between world history and past experience lies a great lesson for the future life of man. The normal response to these teachings is deeper than normal education in the human mind and brain. That is why the Qur'an, sent as the latest guide for the whole human race, contains selected chapters of the history of the nations of the world, which are effective instruments for the present and future correction of mankind.


Daylighting

Daylighting is where natural light comes through windows, skylights and other openings.

Surah Ar-Ra'd

Ar-Rad ( ), is the 13th surah of the Qur'an, with 43 verses. This surah has been revealed in Medina.


Surah Ibrahim

Surah Ibrahim (, ; Arabic synonym of "Abraham"); is the fourteenth chapter of Muslim religious book al-Quran. This surah was revealed in Mecca and the number of verses are 52.


Number field

A number field is a finite degree field extension of the field formula_1 of rational numbers. 

The study of algebraic number fields, and, more generally, of algebraic extensions of the field of rational numbers, is the central topic of .

Field extension

A field extension formula_1 is a field containing a given field formula_2 as a subfield. 

The notation formula_3 means that formula_1 is an extension of the field formula_2.

formula_1 is sometimes called an overfield of the field formula_2.

An element of the field formula_1 is called algebraic over formula_2 if it satisfies some algebraic equation with coefficients in formula_2, and transcendental otherwise.

Subfield

If a subset formula_1 has elements from a field formula_2 that satisfies the same field axioms with the same operations, then formula_1 is called a subfield of formula_2.

Field axioms

Field axioms are the rules a field satisfies.

Commutativity of addition

The commutative property of addition is the property in mathematics which states that changing the order of addends does not change the sum. 

For example, formula_1.

L-functions and modular forms database

L-functions and modular forms database is an extensive database of mathematical objects arising in number theory.

It can be used for searching modular forms, elliptic curves, number fields (and fields), L-functions...

The first conference on the LMFDB, Computation, and Number Theory (LuCaNT) is currently being planned for July 10 to July 14, 2023 at ICERM in Providence, Rhode Island, United States.

Subgroup

In group theory, a branch of mathematics, given a group formula_1 under a binary operation, a subset formula_2 of formula_1 is called a subgroup of "formula_1" if the elements "formula_2" also forms a group under the binary operation.

The situation could arise in which the subset formula_2 does not comply with the binary operation.

Normal subgroup

In group theory, a branch of mathematics, a subgroup formula_1 of the group formula_2 is normal in formula_2 if and only if formula_4 for all formula_5 and formula_6.

The usual notation for this relation is formula_7

Jenga

Jenga is a block building game created by board game creator Leslie Scott, and owned by Hasbro in terms of marketing. Most of its games are now owned by Art's Ideas. In this game, players take turns removing blocks from a 54 built tower and replacing them at the top without making the tower fall.

Players must place all 54 blocks to make a tower. Players must then take turns removing blocks from the tower and putting it at the top of the tower. The game ends when the tower falls.


Interlingue grammar

Interlingue is a constructed language. It was called "Occidental" between 1922 and 1947. Edgar de Wahl, one of the first Esperantists, created it. De Wahl was from the city of Tallinn in Estonia, which was in the Russian Empire but later became its own country. He spoke German, Russian, Estonian and French since he was a child and had natural ability in languages. He is often called "de Wahl".

Interlingue looks a lot like languages in the Romance language family: French, Spanish, Italian, and so on. De Wahl made a rule called De Wahl's rule that made changing verbs to nouns easier and more regular. For example, the word exploder (to explode) regularly changes its d to s (making explosion) when following this rule.

Interlingue is written with 26 Latin letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z. The letters of the alphabet are pronounced as "a, be, ce, de, e, ef, ge, ha, i, jot, ka, el, em, en, o, pe, qu, er, es, te, u, ve, duplic ve, ix, ypsilon", and "zet". Accents are written on the five vowels to indicate irregular stress, with the acute accent (á é í ó ú) preferred, but others (è, ê, etc.) permitted.

The vowels are usually pronounced as follows:

The consonants are pronounced as in English, with the following exceptions:

Other doubled consonants are pronounced as a single consonant, unless when separated they would be pronounced differently. Ex. grammatica is pronounced as if written gramatica, but occidental and suggestion are pronounced as if written as oc followed by cidental, and sug followed by gestion.

Like English, Interlingue has a definite article and an indefinite article. The definite article (the) is "li", and the indefinite (a, an) is "un". Plural of a noun is made by adding "-s" after a vowel, or "-es" after most consonants. To avoid pronunciation and stress changes, words ending in -c, -g, and -m only add an -s: un libre, du libres, un angul, tri angules, li tric, li trics, li plug, li plugs, li album, pluri albums, li tram, du trams.

The ending of the definite article can be modified to lo (masculine), la (feminine), lu (neuter), lis (plural), los (masculine plural), e las (feminine plural). Of these, the forms lu and lis are most common: lu in the same sense as Spanish "lo" and English "that which", as in Ne li aprension de un lingue es lu essential, ma su usation ("that which" is essential is not the learning of a language, but using it), and lis to change to plural words that are difficult to make plural on their own: lis s (the s's).

Interlingue has two forms for the personal pronouns: one for the subject form (nominative), and one for the object form (accusative or dative).
Grammatical endings are used, but less than in Esperanto and Ido in which parts of speech are marked with obligatory endings. Only a few parts of speech (such as verb infinitives) in Interlingue have entirely obligatory endings, while many others either have endings the usage of which is optional and sometimes recommended. Some grammatical endings are:

Notes on the correlatives:

Alcun (some) and necun (no, none) are respectively the adjectives of alquel and nequel.

The -qui series has optional accusative forms ending in -em: quem, alquem, nequem.

The -al series is adverbialized with the -men ending: qualmen (how) talmen (that way).

Correlatives can take the plural ending: queles, quales, tis, omnis, etc.

Ci (here) and ta (there) can be affixed to ti and to to indicate proximity or distance: ti libre (this book), ti-ci libre (this book here), ti-ta libre (that book there), tis (these), tis-ci (these here), tis-ta (those there), to-ci (this here), to-ta (that there).

Many derivatives are formed from the correlatives: qualitá from qual + itá, quantitá from quant + -itá, omnipotent from omni + potent.

Verbs in Interlingue have three endings: -ar, -er, and -ir. Conjugation is performed with a combination of endings and auxiliary verbs. The verb esser (to be) is exceptional in being written es in the present tense, though the esse form is seen in the imperative.

Interlingue has primary adverbs and derived adverbs. Primary adverbs are adverbs without special endings: "tre" (very), "sempre" (always), etc.

Derived adverbs are adverbs made by putting -men at the end of an adjective (rapid = quick, rapidmen = quickly). This is similar to "-ment" in French, "-mente" in Italian, and other Romance languages. The ending "-men" was inspired by Provençal and spoken French (which does not pronounce the t in "-ment") and chosen over "-mente" to avoid clashing with the noun ending "-ment" and other nouns in the language derived from the past tense in -t. The ending may be omitted when the meaning is clear: tu deve far it rapid(men) = you must do it quick(ly).

Dr. F. Haas in 1956 grouped the most common adverbs by type as below.

States Assembly

The States Assembly (; Jèrriais: ) is the parliament of the British Crown dependency of Jersey. They are elected directly every four years.

Dick Parfitt

Richard Allen Parfitt (May 13, 1931 – September 6, 2021) was an American college basketball coach. He was head coach for Central Michigan University (CMU) from 1971 to 1985.

Parfitt died on September 6, 2021 in Mount Pleasant, Michigan at age 90.

Gene Littles

Eugene Scape Littles (June 29, 1943 – September 9, 2021) was an American basketball player and coach. He was born in Washington, D.C.. He coached the Charlotte Hornets between 1990 until 1991 and for the Denver Nuggets from 1994 until 1995.

Littles died on September 9, 2021 at the age of 78.

Andrey Makeyev

Andrey Gennadyevich Makeyev (; 3 February 1952 – 13 September 2021) was a Soviet basketball player. He played for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal. He was born in Petrozavodsk, Karelo-Finnish SSR, Soviet Union.

Makeyev died on 13 September 2021 in Saint Petersburg, Russia at the age of 69.

Ida Nudel

Ida Yakovlevna Nudel (; ) (April 27, 1931 – September 14, 2021) was a refusenik and an Israeli activist. She was known as the "Guardian Angel". She tried to help Jewish political prisoners escape from the Soviet Union. In 1987, she left the Soviet Union and moved to Israel.

She wrote an autobiography: "A Hand in the Darkness". The movie "Mosca Addio" ("Farewell Moscow") was made about her escape from the Soviet Union.

Nudel died on 14 September 2021 at the age of 90.

Rehovot

Rehovot () is a city in the Central District of Israel, about south of Tel Aviv.

Vicente Zarzo Pitarch

Vicente Zarzo Pitarch (6 May 1938 – 14 September 2021) was a Spanish horn player. He wrote many books on the history and technique of the horn.

For 25 years Zarzo was principal horn in The Hague Philharmonic (Residentie Orkest) and others. He also played as horn soloist for the Valencia Orchestra, the Symphony Orchestra of the Gran Teatre del Liceu in Barcelona, the Iceland Symphony Orchestra in Reykjavík, the American Wind Symphony Orchestra in Pittsburgh, and the National Orchestra of Mexico.

Zarzo Pitarch died on 14 September 2021 at age 83.

Rob Duhamel

Robert Charles "Rob" Duhamel (1954/1955 – September 2021) was a Jersey politician. He was a member of the States of Jersey between 1993 and 2014. He also was Planning and Environment Minister from 2011 until 2014.

Duhamel died in St. Saviour, Jersey in September 2021, aged 66.

Xavi Simons

Xavier Quentin Shay Simons (born 21 April 2003) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain.

Born in Amsterdam, Simons is the son of Dutch former footballer Regillio Simons. Simons is of Surinamese descent through his father and of Dutch descent through his mother. His brother Faustino, who also played football, shares the same birthday as him.

Lieutenant Governor of Jersey

The Lieutenant Governor of Jersey (, Jèrriais: "Gouvèrneux d'Jèrri") is the representative of the British monarch in the Bailiwick of Jersey, a Crown dependency of the British Crown.

Lieutenant Governors of Jersey have been:

Stephen Dalton

Air Chief Marshal Sir Stephen Gary George Dalton, (born 23 April 1954) is a retired Royal Air Force commander and current Lieutenant Governor of Jersey since 2017.

John McColl (British Army officer)

General Sir John Chalmers McColl, (born 17 April 1952) is a retired senior British Army officer. He was the Lieutenant Governor of Jersey from 2011 until 2016. McColl was Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe from 2007 to 2011.

Chief Minister of Jersey

The Chief Minister of Jersey (; ) is the head of government of Jersey. He is in charge of the Council of Ministers, which makes up part of the Government of Jersey. 

Frank Walker (Jersey politician)

Frank Harrison Walker OBE is a former British newspaper publisher and politician. He was the first Chief Minister of Jersey, serving from 2005 to 2008.

Terry Le Sueur

Terence Augustine Le Sueur OBE was Chief Minister of Jersey between 2008 and 2011.

Le Sueur was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for political service.

Ian Gorst

Ian Joseph Gorst (born 15 December 1969) is a Jersey politician. He is a member of the States Assembly since 5 December 2005 and is the Minister for External Relations. He was the Chief Minister of Jersey for two terms, from 18 November 2011 until 7 June 2018.

John Le Fondré

John Alexander Nicholas Le Fondré is a Jersey politician. He is the Chief Minister of Jersey. He entered the States Assembly in 2005.

Justín Javorek

Justín Javorek (14 September 1936 – 15 September 2021) was a Slovak football coach and goalkeeper. He played for the Czechoslovakia national team. From 1959 until 1969, he played for Inter Bratislava.

Žana Lelas

Žana Lelas (28 May 1970 – 15 September 2021) was a Croatian professional basketball player. She represented Yugoslavia and Croatia. She won a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Marthe Mercadier

Marthe Mercadier (23 October 1928 – 15 September 2021) was a French actress. She was known for her roles as Une in "Three Telegrams" (1950), Simone in "The Night Is My Kingdom" (1951) and as Annette in "Rendezvous in Grenada" (1951).

Mercadier died on 15 September 2021 in Puteaux, France from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 92.

Colin Urquhart

Colin Urquhart (1940 – 13 September 2021) was a British Christian, evangelical, apostolic and neocharismatic leader in the United Kingdom. He was born in Twickenham, England. He was an important person during the Charismatic Renewal movement in the 1960s and 1970s.

Urquhart died on 13 September 2021 from cancer at the age of 81.


Twickenham

Twickenham in a southwest borough in London, England. It is on the River Thames.

Red-necked avocet

The red-necked avocet ("Recurvirostra novaehollandiae") is a bird in the family Recurvirostridae. It lives in many parts of Australia, not far from the coast. It also lived in New Zealand in the 1800s, but people have not seen it there for a long time.

This bird has a red-brown head and neck. The rest of its body has white feathers except for the bars on the wings and two stripes on the back. Unlike many other shorebirds, this bird's bill curves upward instead of curving downward or being straight. Its legs are long and blue-gray. When the red-necked avocet flies, it sticks its legs out behind it instead of tucking them under its body.

Red-necked avocets spend time in the same places as the pied stilt and banded stilt. For example, they may all look for food in the same place at the same time.

This bird wades or swims in shallow water. It catches food by moving its bill side to side in the water. It eats animals without spines or bones. It also eats seeds.

This bird lays eggs when there is enough rainfall. Australia does not have the same seasons as other parts of the world, so sometimes the birds go years in between groups of eggs.

Large numbers of birds make nests near each other in a colony. The nests are small holes dug into the ground.

CounterPunch

CounterPunch is a left-wing magazine. It is bi-weekly meaning that it posts twice a week. The website says that its funds (money) comes from their readers.

"CounterPunch" was made in 1994 by Ken Silverstein. It was first a newsletter.

Christopher Reed said that "CounterPunch" is "is one of the most popular political sources in America, with a keen following in Washington". He said this in The Guardian.

"CounterPunch" has also been described as left-wing.

Michael Moynihan said in the libertarian magazine "Reason" that "CounterPunch" is far-left.

The pro-Israel lobby group Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America (CAMERA) stated that "CounterPunch" is "an extremist, anti-Israel website".

Adam Levick in Algemeiner criticised "CounterPunch" for allowing anti-semites and neo-Nazis like Gilad Atzmon to publish content on their website.

Inspiration4

Inspiration4, also seen as Inspirati④n, was a human spaceflight mission in 2021. 

It was operated by SpaceX, and it used aDragon 2 spacecraft. The mission launched on September 15, 2021 from the Kennedy Space Center's Launch Complex 39A.

The mission wanted to become the first in orbital spaceflight for private citizens aboard. It was also to raise awareness for the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee. Four crew members; Hayley Arceneaux, Christopher Sembroski, Sian Proctor, and Shift4 Payments CEO Jared Isaacman will spend three days in orbit.

The flight is planned to orbit at an altitude of .

Towner, North Dakota

Towner is a city in McHenry County, North Dakota. It is the county seat of McHenry County. The population was 479 at the time of the 2020 census.

Prime Minister of Afghanistan

The Prime Minister of Afghanistan (, ) is a post within the cabinet of Afghanistan. It was created in 1927 and later abolished after the US invasion
After the Fall of Kabul, on September 7, 2021 the Taliban officials re-created the office.

Gulbuddin Hekmatyar

Gulbuddin Hekmatyar (; born 1 August 1949) is an Afghan politician. He was a mujahideen leader. He is the founder and current leader of the Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin political party. He was the Prime Minister twice during the 1990s.

Sultan Ali Keshtmand

Sultan Ali Keshtmand (; born May 22, 1935), sometimes transliterated Kishtmand, was an Afghan politician. He was the Chairman of the Council of Ministers twice during the 1980s, from 1981 to 1988 and from 1989 to 1990 in the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan.

Baraga, Michigan

Baraga ( ) is a village in Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,883 at the 2020 census.

River of Romance

River of Romance is a 1929 American drama movie directed by Richard Wallace and was based on the play "Magnolia" by Booth Tarkington. It stars Charles "Buddy" Rogers, Mary Brian, June Collyer, Henry B. Walthall, Wallace Berry, Fred Kohler, Natalie Kingston, Walter McGrail and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Cabinet of prime minister Akhund

The executive power of the government of Afghanistan is headed by prime minister Hasan Akhund. His time in power started in 2021.

Women can not be a part of the Cabinet, the Taliban said in early September 2021.

Russia said that it will not take part "in the inauguration event for the new government of Afghanistan if it is held on the 9/11 anniversary", media said on September 10, 2021; After Russia said that, the event was moved to another day.

There are worries about the Freedom of the press: "at least 14 journalists" were arrested "and then released" (or set free) over a two-day period; Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) said that, and media told about that on September 10, 2021.

As of September 21, the Cabinet has "members of ethnic minorities, such as the Hazaras", said Zabihullah Mujahid; the Cabinet has vice ministers; the Cabinet still has no women.

[The government, or] Taliban said in 2021 that "they will ask members of the police force to come back to work to maintain Kabul security along with Taliban forces", said CNN-News18. The members of the police force had stopped coming to work, after Taliban took control of Kabul in August.

Two noted groups within the Taliban and the government, are "the Haqqani and those who support [...] Abdul Ghani Baradar", media has said.

On October 3, a bomb attack at a mosque in Kabul killed [at least] 5 people; When people were leaving a prayer ceremony for the mother of deputy minister Zabiullah Mujahid, the bomb exploded.

Over 100 people were killed in a suicide bombing in a mosque in Kunduz.

The government has relationships with other countries. In September, the foreign minister of Quatar visited Afghanistan, for talks with the prime minister.

The United Nations has a political mission in Afghanistan; the political mission is scheduled to stay at least six months more, "with a focus on development issues", media said in September.

[As of 2024,] the Taliban government does not have formal recognition by any country.

China has diplomatic contact with the Taliban government.

Ministers of the Islamic Emirate are:

As of [the third quarter of] 2021, the Taliban government does not have "formal recognition by the majority of [countries in the world, or] the international community".

Women can not be a part of the Cabinet, the Taliban said in early September.

Ministers of the Islamic Emirate who have quit or who changed job in the Cabinet of Afghanistan, are:
Chief of intelligence [was from August 2021] Najibullah; Pajhwok Afghan News said that, and other media told about that on 24 August.



Meira Paibi

The Meira Paibi () are traditional women's social organisations and their movements in Manipur. Meira Paibi work against many different social evils. For example, they work against the cruelty of the Indian Army and the military in Manipur, India. They are called the ""Guardians of the society"". The name comes from the burning torches that the women carry. The torch has become the symbol of peaceful protest for justice at all levels of life.

The meira paibi is the largest basic level, weaponless movement fighting with the state's inhumanity and human rights violations in Manipur. The women have always faced the strength of the armed forces with nothing other than their unity and will power for many decades.

Sometimes the military will arrest a man even though they do not have proof or a good cause. These women's organisations stop these arrests. Generally, the meira paibi groups form in Imphal and other places in the valley of Manipur. The women patrol the streets, mainly at night time. They often constitute a large, unified and disciplined group at public gatherings, especially for protests.

Today, every place where Meitei people live has meira paibi organisations. They did this to save Manipur from being a land of victims and unhappiness. The meira paibis also changed drug abuse patterns.

The Meitei women started the meira paibi movement in the 1970s in Manipur, India. They stood against the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA). Besides, they were also fighting against crimes against women and drugs abuse. 
In 1980, the entire Manipur state was brought under the AFSPA to conflicting rebellions. Many innocent young men were often arrested, tortured and killed. At this, the women demanded the removal of the act. Along with this, the group of women patrolled the streets to stop improper search operations by the security forces. Simultaneously, the women became the ""Wall protecting society against violence and killings"".

In July, 2004, the meira paibi protests hit the global headlines when the 12 Meitei Manipuri women stood without clothes in front of the Kangla Fort. It was where the Assam Rifles (a unit of Indian Army) were stationed. There, they protested naked, carrying a banner that reads ""Indian Army Rape Us."" They were protesting against the rape, torture and custodial killing of Thangjam Manorama, a young woman, by the Assam Rifles troops.

The meira paibis and the Meitei women should be the role model to every women to know their responsibilities and contributions in social welfare. After knowing this, the UNICEF says: 
"The Manipuri story indicates that active participation by women in public affairs can and does contribute to better conditions for children and society at large."

In 2013, The Times of India awarded the ""TOI Social Impact Awards: Lifetime Contribution"" to the meira paibis of Manipur.


Clement Agba

Prince Clem Agba (born March 28, 1964) is a Nigerian politician who served as the Minister of State for Budget and National Planning from 2019 to 2023.

Agba has a bachelor's degree in economics from Bendel University (Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma), two master's degrees in Business Administration, one from the University of Benin, Edo State and the other from Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona, United States.

Agba worked in private and public organizations. He began his career with Pegasus Industries. He later worked with Super Engineering. Agba moved to Gulf Oil Company (Chevron Nigeria Limited). He was later appointed as the Commissioner in the Edo State Ministry of Environment and Public Utilities. He was also appointed as the commissioner of lands & survey.

Aminu Ado Bayero

Aminu Ado Bayero (born 21 August 1961) is the 15th Fulani Emir of Kano from the Fulani Sullubawa clan.

Bayero holds bachelor's degree in mass communication from Bayero University Kano and master's degree from Flying College, Oakland, California, US. He did his one-year mandatory National Youth Service Corps at the Nigeria Television Authority in Makurdi.

My Darling Clementine

My Darling Clementine is a 1946 American romantic western movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1931 novel "" by Stuart N. Lake. It stars Henry Fonda, Ward Bond, Linda Darnell, Victor Mature, Walter Brennan, Cathy Downs, Tim Holt, Grant Withers and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Big Noise

The Big Noise is 1944 American comedy movie directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Arthur Space, Doris Merrick, Esther Howard, Veda Ann Borg. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Devmanus

Devmanus (-God Figure) is an Indian Marathi language crime thriller television series. The show was aired on Zee Marathi and also digitally available on ZEE5.





It was started from 31 August 2020.

Lagnachi Wife Weddingchi Bayku

Lagnachi Wife Weddingchi Bayku is an Indian Marathi language television comedy series. It started on 21 October 2019 and ended on 3 April 2020. It was produced by Sanjay Zankar under Zankar Films.


Gaav Gata Gajali

Gaav Gata Gajali is an Indian Marathi language series that aired on Zee Marathi. It was produced by Sunil Bhosale under Sajari Creations. The series premiered on 2 August 2017, replacing "Chuk Bhul Dyavi Ghyavi".


Jaago Mohan Pyare

Jaago Mohan Pyare is an Indian Marathi language comedy and supernatural fantasy show which aired on Zee Marathi. It starred Atul Parchure, Shruti Marathe, Supriya Pathare and Usha Naik in lead roles.

The story revolves around a frustrated common man, Mohan, a middle class tailor who lives in chawl with his dominating wife and mother-in-law. After that a fairy enters his life to help him with all the difficulties and soon his life takes a magical turn.



The series aired on Zee Marathi.

Baillon's crake

Baillon's crake ("Porzana pusilla") is a bird in the family Gruiformes. It lives in many parts of Asia, Europe, Africa, and Oceania.

There are at least five subspecies of Baillon's crake: the marsh crake "Porzana pusilla affinis" lives in New Zealand, "Porzana pusilla palustris" lives in Australia and New Guinea, "Porzana pusilla mira" lives in Borneo, "Porzana pusilla intermedia" lives in Africa and "Porzana pusilla pusilla" lives in Asia and other places.

Baillon's crake has medium-brown feathers on the top of its body with black marks and white spots. The feathers on the front and underside of its body are light gray. Its bill and legs are yellow-green. Its eyes are red.

Baillon's crakes live in wetlands, for example swamps. They sometimes run across the top of the water on floating plants.

Baillon's crakes eat animals without bones, for example insects, crustaceans, and snails. They catch them in the mud at the edges of wetlands and from floating plants.

Baillon's crake makes a simple nest out of dry plants. It hides the nest in little raised bits of ground near the edge of the swamp. Both the male and female crake sit on the eggs and watch the chicks.

Pithecopus palliatus

The jaugar leaf frog or jaguar monkey frog ("Pithecopus palliatus") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, and Bolivia. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia. People have seen it between 100 and 400 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 37.7 to 43.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 38.8 to 49.1 mm long.

This frog lays eggs near bodies of water that are not there all year, for example flooded places. They lay eggs on leaves near the water. Then the tadpoles fall off the leaves into the water.

Alcorcón

Alcorcón () is a city and municipality of Spain located in the Community of Madrid. In 2016, 167,354 people lived there.

Fireflies (movie)

Fireflies is a 2018 Indian Meitei language documentary short movie. It was directed by Johnson Rajkumar. It is about the struggles of the Meira Paibis to protect the people from crimes in Manipur state. It also shows the role of women in the conflicting and male-dominated society of Manipur. It looks at how the gender gap and gender identities are settled during times of conflict and violence in the society.

The movie shows women reacting to the rising cases of disappearance of men. This took place after the was applied to Manipur state. The important point of the movie is that women stand up for the safety, security and better survival of the men.

In 1980s, when Manipur was exposed to revolutionaries and armed violence, a group of women came out to the streets to uphold peace in the state. These groups were called the Meira Paibis. They were the freely independent women's organisations. They participated in the willing patrols during the night. They held the flaming torches and tried to bring balance in the society.

In India, women are mostly seen to be confined in their homes. In reality, they are the important members of every social movement. But they are always seen as not related. Women of Manipur contributed a lot towards the welfare of the social conditions. This really inspired Johnson Rajkumar, the maker of the "Fireflies". 

He tried to show the influence of gender roles in conflicts and violence. If men were holding such responsibilities, they would have been falsely grouped into rebels. According to Johnson, the movie shows that women's collective has more to do beyond pro-feminists. 

Rajkumar went to Bangalore for higher education. There, he realised that the issues from Manipur and the North East India were not truly represented or interpreted in the national media news. Hence, he created the "Fireflies" to fight the set false stories. He wanted to show the best formal true facts.

The movie is financially supported by the "Samaj Pragati Sahayog", a social media platform based in Madhya Pradesh, India. Additionally, it is supported by the Film Division of India. 

Rajkumar is the director of the movie and a Manipuri media activist. He lives in Bangalore, Karnataka. He has been making documentary movies on social and political issues. He focuses on social movements and protests.

The movie won many awards in international film festivals. These were held in different countries of the world.


Quotient group

Let G be a group and let N be a normal subgroup of G. Then formula_1 is the set of all cosets of N in G and is called the quotient group of N in G.

This group is used in the proof of Lagrange's Theorem, for instance. In fact, the proof of Lagrange's theorem establishes that if 

G is finite, then formula_2.

Fuenlabrada

Fuenlabrada () is a city and municipality of Spain located in the Community of Madrid. In 2018, 193,586 people lived there.

Leganés

Leganés () is a city in the Community of Madrid, Spain. Considered part of the Madrid metropolitan area, it is located about 11 km southwest of the centre of Madrid. In 2018, 188,425 people lived there.

Coslada

Coslada () is a city and municipality in the Community of Madrid in central Spain.

Parla

Parla () is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain.

Kingdom of Aragon

The Kingdom of Aragon (, , , ) was one of the Hispanic kingdoms of the northeast of the Iberian Peninsula. It was in the central Pyrenean region in 1035 after the union of the Carolingian counties of Aragon, Sobrarbe and Ribagorza. It expanded southward, as it took over Muslim territories, until it came to occupy the area corresponding to the current autonomous community of Aragon.

Not to be confused with the Crown of Aragon, a group of territories over which the King of Aragon ruled. At first it consisted of the Kingdom of Aragon itself plus the possessions of the Count of Barcelona, and later the Kingdom of Mallorca, the Kingdom of Valencia, and several territories in the Mediterranean were added by conquest. Although it was never considered a kingdom, Catalonia was one of the territories that made up the Crown, and since it had a large population and military weight, it was considered one of the "kingdoms" of the Crown of Aragon.

In 1479 the union of the Crowns of Aragon and Castile took place. However, unlike the Crown of Castile, the Crown of Aragon continued to function. The territories shared the same monarch but had different laws, institutions and ways of relating to the king until 1707. Then in the context of the War of the Spanish Succession, King Philip V, first king of the House of Bourbon, abolished its laws, abolished the Council of Aragon and the rest of its own institutions, such as the Justice, the Provincial Council or the Courts of Aragon, and imposed the laws and institutions of the Crown of Castile, through the Decrees of Nueva Planta.

Aragon would continue to be considered a territorial division of Spain until 1833, when Javier de Burgos established the territorial division by provinces, ending the division by kingdoms. The other territories of the former crown of Aragon also saw their institutions and laws abolished after the various Nueva Planta Decrees: the courts of the principality of Catalonia, the kingdom of Valencia and the kingdom of Mallorca, like those of Aragon, were from then on convened jointly with the Cortes of Castile.

The marriage of Andregoto, daughter of Count Galindo II of Aragon, to King Garcia Sanchez I of Navarre, led to the union with Navarre. 

In 1035 Ramiro, natural son of Sancho III of Navarre and baiulus of the county of Aragon, incorporated the counties of Sobrarbe and Ribagorza, which had been under the rule of his brother Gonzalo, into the county. After Sancho's death, the county split from the kingdom of Navarre and was a separate kingdom. Limited to the Pyrenean valleys and neighbouring the more powerful kingdom of Navarre and the important Taifa of Saragossa, the increase in population and the thirst for land for its inhabitants made it expand, despite its initial military weakness.

The legitimacy of the new dynasty was achieved by the kings Sancho Ramírez and Pedro I by placing the kingdom under the protection of the Holy See. Thus the Kingdom of Aragon became part of the western states. The donation of the kingdom to the pope was made by Sancho Ramirez in 1068, in an attempt to strengthen his position against his hostile neighbors, sometimes allied against him.

The king of Navarre Sancho Garcés IV was assassinated by his own brother in 1076. The Navarrese elected Sancho Ramirez of Aragon - cousin of the deceased- as their king, who incorporated the crown of Pamplona to that of Aragon. The kingdom of Navarre was divided between León-Castile and Aragon. Aragon got the main territories, including the capital of Navarre in exchange for admitting the theoretical supremacy of Castile-León. To celebrate the expansion, Sancho founded the city of Jaca, where he lived and to which he transferred the Mozarabic bishopric of Huesca in 1077. As he controlled the highlands bordering the Ebro to the north, he was able to undertake various raids, mainly against the Zaragozan taifa, and try to expand into the plain, mainly along the valleys of Aragon, Sobrarbe and Ribagorza. To compensate for the lack of soldiers needed for territorial expansion, he tried to bring them from the south of France. Expansion, however, was slow and was carried out especially through the conquest of strategic points, such as Graus in 1083 and Ayerbe, around the same time. The advances towards the south were faster at the end of the century, both by the lack of support of Alfonso to the Zaragozans and by the march of the Cid to the Levant, who until then had fought with them. In 1089, the Aragonese seized Monzón, which hindered communications between Lérida and Huesca, and in 1091 they built the castle of El Castellar, between Zaragoza and Tudela. Sancho started the siege of the important city of Huesca in 1094, but died of an arrow shot. He was immediately succeeded by his son Pedro. He soon resumed the siege.

King Pedro I of Aragon (1070-1104) conquered Huesca on November 27, 1096, after defeating King Al-Musta'in II of Taifa of Zaragoza in the battle of Alcoraz, which was fought on November 18 of that year. In 1101 he took Barbastro and Sariñena, and took Tamarite de Litera in 1104. In this reign the Fuero de Infanzones was regulated.

During the reign of Alfonso I the Battler (1104-1134), in the course of a few years, with the valuable collaboration of the feudal nobility of southern France, the urban centers and regions of Tudela, Tarazona, Calatayud, Daroca and Zaragoza were conquered, and after the death of his brother Pedro I of Aragon, he decided to act on the Cinco Villas and in 1105 he conquered Ejea de los Caballeros.

The king of Saragossa, Al-Musta'in II decided to carry out a plundering expedition against the neighboring Christians in the year 1110 and ended up fighting with the border knights in the battle of Valtierra where he was defeated and killed. The capture of Saragossa in 1118 meant the fall of the entire Moorish kingdom, thus radically changing the social structures and spiritual horizons of the small kingdom of highlanders that until then had been Aragon.

In 1120 the Aragonese monarch conquered Calatayud, Daroca, granted a charter to Soria and that same year the Aragonese army won a very important victory over the Muslims in the battle of Cutanda. 1125 saw the organization of the great military expedition of Alfonso I of Aragon through Andalusia, demonstrating the weakness of Almoravid power in Levante and Andalusia.

King Battallador, who had failed in his marriage to the Leonese queen Urraca, had no descendants. In his singular will, he made the military orders heirs to his kingdoms, but nobody thought of fulfilling this will and the Aragonese nobles, gathered in Jaca, recognized his brother Ramiro as king. For their part, the Navarrese elected García Ramírez, which determined the separation of the Kingdom of Navarre. At that time Ramiro was bishop of Roda-Barbastro, but he had to occupy the throne.

Ramiro II of Aragon (1086-1157) reigned for only three years, from 1134 to 1137, and was married to Inés de Poitou, daughter of Duke William IX of Aquitaine, who was crowned in Saragossa in 1134.

In 1137 Ramiro II the Monk arranged the betrothal of Petronila of Aragon to Ramón Berenguer IV of Barcelona. Their son, Alfonso II, was the first king to inherit the titles of King of Aragon and Count of Barcelona.

At its greatest territorial extension, the Kingdom of Aragon was made up of the territories that today form the Autonomous Community of Aragon, plus a large part of the current province of Lérida, most of the Ebro valley up to the sea, with Tortosa as the main coastal city, and the north of the current province of Castellón. This expansion was articulated through the creation of the Marquisates of Lérida and Tortosa, although they were later ceded by James I of Aragon to the Principality of Catalonia.

Ferdinand II (1479-1516) married Isabella I of Castile. Their grandson, Charles I, inherited both crowns, but each maintained its own laws and customs.

In 1700, with the death of Charles II, Philip of Anjou was proclaimed king of Castile and Aragon, which provoked the War of the Spanish Succession. The Crown of Aragon sided with Archduke Charles, the other pretender. When the war ended, Philip V promulgated the decrees of Nueva Planta, which abolished the foral institutions of the Crown of Aragon, which was integrated into a modern and centralized state in most of its territory, except in the Basque Provinces and Navarre, which continued to maintain their fueros. In 1711 the Captaincy General of Aragon was created.

Fueros is a term that can have several meanings. They were a pact between the king and the inhabitants of a place, which could be a city or an entire kingdom. The fueros of Aragon were the set of laws in force in the Kingdom of Aragon, compiled in 1247.

They replaced the local charters that existed previously, such as the charter of Jaca, granted by King Sancho el Mayor, who granted good charters to encourage the settlement in the city of Christians from the other side of the Pyrenees. These charters, or charters derived from them, were later granted to other cities and towns in Aragon and were also the basis for charters granted to towns in other kingdoms.

The Justice of Aragon began as a judge of the Court, and in 1265 was established as a judge of lawsuits between the nobles and the king and as president of the Cortes of the kingdom. At first he was appointed by the king from among the nobles, but ended up being a dignity sometimes for life and hereditary, his prerogatives being cut in 1592 as a result of the Alterations of Aragon.

In 1283, after King Peter III was excommunicated by Pope Martin IV for having occupied Sicily, a feudatory kingdom of the Holy See, the Aragonese oligarchy confederated to limit royal power and extract new privileges. The king was forced to grant the General Privilege in what would be known as the revolt of the Union in 1283. His son James II is forced to grant the Privilege of the Union. During the reign of James I, various assemblies, more or less crowded, had met to settle lawsuits. The Privilege of the Union requires the annual convocation of a court of nobles and citizens, which will end up including four arms: the rich men, the infanzones and knights, the ecclesiastical authorities and the universities. At that time, the cities, towns and communities of the kingdom were called universities. The Courts of Aragon were not convened with the required regularity, but eventually took control of the kingdom's taxation, granting funds to the king in exchange for the maintenance and extension of the privileges of the estates represented in them. 

The General Delegation of the Kingdom was created in 1363 as the body delegated by the Cortes to collect and administer taxes and tariffs, and to deliver the agreed funds to the king. The four branches of the Cortes are represented in it, with two deputies for each branch. Over time its attributions will grow as it will be in charge of the administration of the funds necessary to preserve the peace and welfare of the kingdom. 

Ferdinand the Catholic instituted the figure of the Viceroy, who would exercise the royal powers when the king was absent from the kingdom, something that would frequently happen with the monarchs of the House of Austria. The Viceroy was responsible for the Governor, who was in charge of maintaining order and social peace, and the Royal Audience, a court that would impart justice in serious or very important cases, or those that affected individuals with privileges. He also established the authority of the Inquisition in the kingdom, a body that later kings abused to circumvent the provisions of the Aragonese fueros, which did not prevail over the Inquisition, as occurred in the Alterations of Aragon.
The oldest administrative system of the kingdom was based on the distribution of towns and lands to the nobles who participated in the conquest. The nobles could receive these honors in property or in tenancy, when the king reserved the property but ceded its administration to the noble. The nobles could receive castles in tenancy, being in charge of keeping them garrisoned in exchange for populating and obtaining rents from the lands they controlled.

The king also granted the administration of lands and towns to the ecclesiastical hierarchy. Bishoprics, archpriestships, abbeys and military orders administered and collected rents from the honors granted to them.

Over time, the king will begin to create a network of officials to control the lands and towns directly dependent on him, called realengo. The merino was an executive, judicial and military agent of the monarch that is already documented in the Fuero de Jaca. The bailes began with similar competencies, but ended up specializing in the management of the royal patrimony. The king granted to cities and villas of royalty privileges that specified the privileges of their neighbors. The regions of Daroca, Teruel, Calatayud, Albarracín and others were organized into communities that sent their own representatives to the Cortes. In the 15th century, the territory of the kingdom was divided into eleven overcollides for tax purposes, which were converted into paths, with some modifications, in the 17th century.

Before the Islamic conquest of the Iberian Peninsula, the population in what would later become Aragon was a mixture of Iberian and Celtiberian substratum with Roman colonizers and Visigoth invaders, with Vascones occupying the Pyrenean valleys. There was also a Jewish minority, the result of the 1st century diaspora. This minority, tolerated by the Romans, was being persecuted by the Visigoths in the period prior to the Muslim invasion.

The Muslim invaders were not very numerous, being mainly Berbers, but also, in later waves, Arabs and Syrians. Those established in the Ebro valley were mostly Arabs, divided between Qaysids and Kalbis, Arabs from the north and south. The majority of the Muslim population in the area at the time of the reconquest were Muladis, Christians converted to Islam. Those Christians who did not convert, called Mozarabs, were tolerated by the Muslim rulers in exchange for the payment of special taxes.

The first counts of the Marca Hispanica were Franks, but in time they were replaced by local elites, Vasconas and Hispano-Visigoths. The kings of Pamplona and later of Aragon promoted the immigration of Franks and Occitanians to their kingdoms, as well as Mozarabs. With the invasion of the Almohad fundamentalists, Jewish communities from al-Andalus also migrated to the Christian kingdoms. After the conquest of the Ebro valley, a considerable number of Muslims became subjects of the king of Aragon. These Muslims, called Mudejars, formed an important part of the artisan and agricultural class of the kingdom, as reflected in the widespread Aragonese Mudejar architecture.

The 13th century was the golden age of the Jews of Aragon. The Jewish minority was eminently urban, engaging in all kinds of occupations, but excelling in medicine, administration, tax collection and lending. The Jews were considered property of the crown, and the king provided them with protection in exchange for special contributions. The same century saw the arrival of Cathar refugees from Occitania, fleeing religious persecution. The situation of the Jews worsened at the end of the century due to pressure from the Catholic hierarchy, and they were forbidden to hold public office. Many Aragonese Jews converted to Christianity, with greater or lesser conviction, to avoid high taxes and persecution. These converts were integrated into the Christian population, even mixing with noble families. This could explain the significant frequency of Jewish haplotypes in the contemporary Aragonese population.

The internal conflicts, the war with Castile and above all the Black Death and other epidemics in the 14th century produced an important decrease in the population of the kingdom. In 1492 the Catholic Monarchs decreed the conversion or expulsion of the Jews. In 1495 a census was taken, the fogaje of 1495, which revealed a total of 51 540 fires in the kingdom, or about 200 000 inhabitants. Muslims then made up 11% of the total population. The most populated city, Zaragoza, had less than 20,000 inhabitants.

In 1525 Charles I also decreed the conversion or expulsion of the Mudejars, being baptized most of the Muslims of Aragon in 1526. During the 16th century the total population grew by 50%, especially on the banks of the Ebro and its tributaries on the right bank. Part of the growth was due to immigration from north of the Pyrenees. In the 17th century, population growth slowed down. In 1610 some 65,000 Moriscos were expelled, about 20% of the population. Other significant factors in the slower population growth were the loss of agricultural production due to the expulsion of the Moors and periods of drought, a plague that devastated the kingdom from 1647 to 1654, the increase in taxation and the uprising in Catalonia.

Already in the 18th century, the War of the Spanish Succession led to a decrease of about 10% in population, including the emigration of many of the residents of French origin after Archduke Charles decreed their expulsion.




Sunflower butter

Sunflower butter, also called sunflower seed butter, is a nut butter like spread made from sunflower seeds. It is commonly used as an alternative for people with nut allergies. It has a mild flavor if other flavors like salt and sugar aren't added to it.

In 2011, brands of sunflower butter had came to most retail stores.

Kingdom of Kongo

The Kingdom of Kongo was a kingdom located in central Africa in northern Angola, the western part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, and the southern part of Gabon. At its greatest size it reached from the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Kwango River to the east, the Congo River to the north, and the Kwanza River to the south. The kingdom was made up of many provinces ruled by the "Manikongo", the Portuguese version of the Kongo title "Mwene Kongo", meaning "lord or ruler of the Kongo kingdom", but its sphere of influence reached to neighbouring kingdoms, like Ngoyo, Kakongo, Loango, Ndongo, and Matamba, the latter two located in Angola.

Roberta Rodrigues

Roberta de Souza Rodrigues (born October 20, 1982) is a Brazilian actress and singer. She began her career in 2002 in the movie "City of God" and gained prominence in some telenovelas such as "Mulheres Apaixonadas" in 2003, "Salve Jorge" in 2012 and A "Regra do Jogo" in 2015, Roberta dated Thiago Martins. 

Rodrigues was born in Rio de Janeiro. 


Aïr Mountains

The Aïr Mountains is a triangular massif, located in north Niger, inside the Sahara. They rise to more than and go over . In the desert, north of the Aïr plateau, with an average altitude between , forms an island of Sahel, which supports a wide variety of life, many pastoral and farming communities, and geological and archaeological sites. There are notable archaeological findings in the region that picture together the prehistoric past of this land. The endangered African wild dog ("Lycaon pictus") once existed in this region, but may now be locally extinct due to human population pressure in this region.

Marsh crake

The marsh crake or koitareke ("Porzana pusilla affinis") is a bird in the family Gruiformes. It is a subspecies of Baillon's crake. It lives in New Zealand.

The marsh crake is about half the size of a blackbird. It is about 15-18 cm long and it weighs 30 to 40 grams. It has a short tail and long legs. The feathers on its back are deep brown with black and white marks. The feathers on its belly are gray and white. Its eyes are bright red. Its beak and legs are green. The young birds have brown bellies instead of gray and white.

Marsh crakes live in wetlands, for example marshes. They also live among the reed plants in places where rivers meet the ocean. They can live on wet pastures and willow tree forests too. There are more marsh crakes on New Zealand's South Island than on North Island.

Scientists do not know much about what the marsh crake does. They think it might migrate like other Baillon's crakes do, but they are not sure.

The marsh crake eats animals without bones but it also eats the seeds of water plants.

Marsh crakes form one-on-one pairs to lay eggs. The males fly courtship flights to impress the females. They build nests out of dry plants and hide them in sedge. The female lays 5-7 eggs at a time. Both the male and female crake sit on the eggs. The eggs take 16-20 days to hatch. The chicks have black and brown feathers.

The marsh crake is declining, which means there are fewer of them than there were, and the numbers are still going down. This is because human beings drain their marshes to turn them into dry land.

Also, human beings brought cats, dogs, weasel-like animals, rats to New Zealand. All of these animals can kill the birds, their eggs, and their chicks.

Less often, a marsh crake will be hit by a car or fly into a power line. If human beings make too much noise near a nest, the parent birds will run away and the eggs will die.

San Elizario, Texas

San Elizario is a city in El Paso County, Texas, United States.

Crandall, Texas

Crandall is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States.

Kemp, Texas

Kemp is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States.

Talty, Texas

Talty is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States.

Driscoll, Texas

Driscoll is a city in Nueces County, Texas, United States.

Petronila, Texas

Petronila is a city in Nueces County, Texas, United States.

Port Aransas, Texas

Port Aransas is a city in Nueces County, Texas, United States.

Robstown, Texas

Robstown is a city in Nueces County, Texas, United States.

Lakeport, Texas

Lakeport is a city in Gregg County, Texas, United States.

White Oak, Texas

White Oak is a city in Gregg County, Texas, United States.

No Means No

No Means No (also known as "Nie Means Nie") is an upcoming Indo-Polish romantic thriller movie. It was filmed in three languages at the same time. They are English, Hindi and Polish. The movie was produced by G7 Films Poland. It was directed by Vikash Verma, it stars Dhruv Verma, Gulshan Grover, Sharad Kapoor and Anna Guzik. The movie follows an Indian ski champion (Dhruv Verma), who competes in a ski championship in Poland. While in Poland, he falls in love with a Polish girl. The movie was firtst scheduled to be released on 22 March 2021. It was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. Late,r it was scheduled for release on 5 November 2021. This release was pushed back to 17 June 2022. Movie critic Murtuza Ali Khan tweeted the new release date as 16 December 2022. After the start of war in Ukraine and two missiles landing in Poland, the release date was moved to 19 May 2023. The movie is finally releasing on 20 October 2023.

Running Shaadi

Running Shaadi (), previously known as: Runningshaadi.com, is an Indian romantic comedy film produced by Shoojit Sircar and Crouching Tiger Motion Pictures about the unique concept of helping people elope to get married. The unlikely duo of a conscientious Bihari and a Sardarji geek create a platform providing "High Take Social Service" to Indian couples who want to spend their lives with their soulmates. The film was shot in late 2013. The film was released on 17 February 2017.

The Shoojit Sircar production stars Amit Sadh, Taapsee Pannu, Saahir Banwait, Raaj Vishwakarma and Arsh Bajwa. It was released in over 1,100 screens with music from an assembled list of performers.

Disney Renaissance

The Disney Renaissance was an era of Disney animated features from 1989 to 1999 when Disney made movies that were successful with critics and audiences. Between the years 1989 and 1994 came "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), and "The Lion King" (1994). These films earned Oscar nominations and wins. "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990) is the only film of Disney Renaissance that bombed at the box office. Later Disney animated films released in the mid to late 1990s included "Pocahontas" (1995), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Mulan" (1998), and "Tarzan" (1999).

BoJack Horseman

BoJack Horseman is an American adult animated tragicomedy sitcom created by Raphael Bob-Waksberg. It stars the voices of Will Arnett, Amy Sedaris, Alison Brie, Paul F. Tompkins, and Aaron Paul. Set primarily in Hollywood, the series tells the story of an anthropomorphic horse named BoJack Horseman (Arnett), the washed-up star of a 1990s sitcom who plans his return to celebrity relevance with an autobiography to be written by ghostwriter Diane Nguyen (Brie). He also has to contend with his agent Princess Carolyn (Sedaris), roommate Todd Chavez (Paul), and former rival Mr. Peanutbutter (Tompkins), as well as his struggles with depression and addiction. The show is designed by cartoonist Lisa Hanawalt, who has been friends with Bob-Waksberg since high school and had previously worked with him on the webcomic "Tip Me Over, Pour Me Out"

Zing Zing Zingat

Zing Zing Zingat is a musical battle game show aired on Zee Marathi.


Ase He Kanyadan

Ase He Kanyadan is an Indian Marathi language series that aired on Zee Marathi. The story deals with the father-daughter relationship.


The series premiered on 24 January 2015 and aired on Zee Marathi from Monday to Saturday at 7.30 PM by replacing "Jawai Vikat Ghene Aahe".

It's Pony

It's Pony is a British-American animated television series. It was created by Ant Blades. The series was first broadcast on Nickelodeon in the United States on January 18, 2020. The series is designed, produced, and animated by Blue-Zoo Animation.

The series is about the life of Annie as she does her best to cope on her parents' "farm" This farm is on the balcony of their apartment). The series also deals with the everyday struggles of being a 9-year-old in the city. Luckily, she has a pony.


Cool World

Cool World is a 1992 American fantasy-comedy-noir movie. It is set in 1947 in Los Angeles.

Blac Chyna

Blac Chyna (born May 11, 1988) is an American model and socialite. She was born Angela Renée White in Maryland. She began her career as a stripper and before becoming a model. She has appeared in many hip hop music videos. Drake made a reference of Black Chyna in his 2010 song "Miss Me". She was named the Model of the Year at the Urban Model Awards in 2011.

Asmita (TV series)

It is a story of Asmita, a private detective girl, where she solve crime cases with her partners.



Swae Lee

Khalif Malik Ibn Shaman Brown (born June 7, 1993), known professionally as Swae Lee, is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. A nominee of five Grammy Awards, he is one half of the hip hop duo Rae Sremmurd.

Rae Sremmurd

Rae Sremmurd ("Ear Drummers" spelled backwards) is an American hip hop duo from Tupelo, Mississippi. It was formed by two brothers, Slim Jxmmi and Swae Lee. In 2013, they signed a record deal with Mike Will Made It's label EarDrummers. In January 2015, the duo released their first album, "SremmLife". It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In August 2016, the duo released their second album, "SremmLife 2". During that same year, the duo also created their own record label, called SremmLife Crew Records. The duo is best known for their single "Black Beatles" from "SremmLife 2". It topped the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The duo also released other platinum-certified singles such as "No Type", "No Flex Zone" and "Swang". Their third studio album, "SR3MM", was released on May 4, 2018, and served as a triple album.

Nav (rapper)

Navraj Singh Goraya(born November 3, 1989), known professionally as Nav (stylized in all caps), is a Canadian rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer born in Toronto, Ontario. He began his career as a record producer, and co-produced Drake's single "Back to Back" in 2015. He is signed to fellow singer The Weeknd's record label XO.

Nav gained popularity in 2016 when his song "Myself" went viral. 

In 2017, Nav released his self-titled first mixtape and his collaborative mixtape, Perfect Timing (with record producer Metro Boomin). 

Nav released his first studio album, "Reckless", in 2018. 

His second studio album, "Bad Habits" (2019), debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200. 

In 2020, Nav released his highest-charting song "Turks" (with Gunna, featuring Travis Scott) which debuted and peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100. His third studio album "Good Intentions" (2020) became his second number-one album on the US Billboard 200. "Good Intentions" contained the lead single "Turks". 

His fourth studio album "Demons Protected by Angels" was released in 2022.

Pooh Shiesty

Lontrell Dennell Williams Jr. (born November 8, 1999), better known by his stage name Pooh Shiesty, is an American rapper. He has collaborated with Big30, Gucci Mane and Lil Durk. He is best known for his 2020 single, "Back in Blood" (featuring Lil Durk). Pooh Shiesty released his first sales mixtape, "Shiesty Season", on February 5, 2021. It went to number 3 on the US "Billboard" 200. 

His stage name was given by his late brother. It comes from his childhood nickname "Mr. Pooh". "Shiesty" refers to his lifestyle.

100 Days (TV series)

100 Days is a Marathi language television crime series that aired on Zee Marathi from 24 October 2016 to 17 February 2017.

The story revolves Rani (Tejaswini Pandit) and PSI Ajay Thakur (Adinath Kothare). It's a murder mystery where Rani's husband Dhananjay (Ramesh Bhatkar) gets murdered. PSI Ajay Thakur is a investigating officer who takes the charge of investigation for this murder.


The series premiered from Monday to Saturday at 10.30pm by replacing "Ratris Khel Chale".

Soul food

Soul food is a group of ethnic foods traditionally made and eaten by African Americans, coming from the Southern United States. Soul food originated during slavery. White slave owners would feed their slaves unwanted parts of a animal such as chitterlings.


Pan-African flag

The Pan-African flag was created in 1920 to represent people of the African Diaspora and to symbolize black liberation in the United States. 


Franco-Provençal

Franco-Provençal (also Francoprovençal, Patois, Gaga, Savoyard or Arpitan) is a dialect group within Gallo-Romance originally spoken in east-central France, western Switzerland and northwestern Italy.

Franco-Provençal is also spoken in rural areas of French-speaking Switzerland.

In France, it is one of the three Gallo-Romance language families of the country (together with the langues d'oïl and the langues d'oc), and it is officially recognized as a regional language of France, but its use in the country is not widespread. Still, organizations are trying to keep it alive through cultural events, education, research, and publishing.


Gunna (rapper)

Sergio Giavanni Kitchens (born June 14, 1993), known professionally as Gunna, is an American rapper and singer. He is signed to Young Thug's record label YSL Records, as well as 300 Entertainment and Atlantic Records. He released his first studio album, "Drip or Drown 2", in 2019. His second studio album "Wunna" followed in 2020. It debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200. His third album "DS4Ever" was released in 2022, becoming his second number one album.

Met Gala

Met Gala or Met Ball is an annual festival for the benefit of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute in New York City. It's also about annual fashion exhibit where the celebrities take part in. The Met Gala was established in 1948. Since 1973 this event has become "a jewel in New York City’s social crown". This is also called as the Super Bowl of fashion.

The Costume Institute at the Met has been existed since 1959. Firstly the gala was annual benefit for New York charities. The attendees were members of New York high society. Then fashion designer Diana Vreeland bring it into the spotlight from 1973.

Glosa (auxiliary language)

Glosa is an international auxiliary language. Glosa is an isolating language, which means that words never change form, and spelling is completely regular and phonetic.

As an isolating language, there are no inflections, so that words always remain in their dictionary form, no matter what function they have in the sentence. As a result, grammatical functions, when not clear from the context, are taken over by a small number of operator words and by the use of word order (syntax).

Glosa takes most of its vocabulary from Greek and Latin roots, seen by the authors as international in a sense by their usage in science.

Glosa is based on an older draft auxiliary language from 1943 called Interglossa, which was developed by Lancerot Hogben in 1943.

Ron Clark discovered Interglossa in 1960. He joined Hogben to develop the language. Wendy Ashby joined them in 1972. After Hogben's death in 1975, Ron and Wendy made many changes in the language and they renamed it Glosa.

In 1979, they tested the language with volunteers from the city they were living in. Also, the first dictionary was published.

Since 1987, the NGO Glosa Education Organisation (GEO) promotes the language. Its official website was created in 1996 by Paul O. Bartlett. Later, Marcel Springer became the person in charge of it.

In 2021, a wiki in Glosa was created by Vicente Costalago.

Glosa spelling is completely regular and phonetic: one spelling always represents one sound, and one sound is always represented by one spelling. With the sole exception of "SC" which represents the sound (as “sh” in "short"), every letter just represents one sound, and vice versa. Glosa is written with the Latin letters.

Glosa contains two major groups of words:

Primitives are the small number of basic function words present in most languages—these allow us to describe the relationships between the major ideas we bring across. These are basically prepositions and conjunctions, such as: de [of], e [and], pre [before], supra [above], sub [under; below; lower; beneath; lesser; somewhat].

Substantives here are the group of words that represents the more complex things, actions and descriptions (sometimes usable for all three) present in a language, such as: via [road], kurso [run], hedo [happy], vide [see], celera [swift], tako [fast; quick; prompt; hurry; rate; speed]; oku [eye]. Please note that many of these words have many meanings, based on how they are used in a sentence (verb, adjective, etc.), for example: ""oku"" can mean ""eye"", ""optical"", ""see (look)"", ""perceive (with the eyes)"", or ""to peep"".

Glosa words can often serve as more than one part of speech. Thus part of speech is a role that the word plays in a sentence, not a property of a word.

The reflexive pronoun ”oneself” is se, the reciprocal pronoun alelo means ”each other”, and the emphatic auto is used for “self, own“.

Most words can act as verbs, depending on their places in the sentence (usually in the middle).

"Prior word" here means a word used immediately before the verb of the sentence or clause in order to show its tense. For example:

Adjectives, like the rest of the language do not change. They are generally placed before the word that they modify.

To create "opposites", one just places ""no-"" as a prefix to the adjective. It is the equivalent of some of the uses on in- or un- in English.

In addition to the above, there is the prefix/beginning "singu-" (each), and the suffixes/endings "-numera" (amount/number), "-speci" (quality/kind of) and "-kron" (time), which can be used in the same way as the above.

"Qo horo?" can also be used for “What time?” or “What is the time?”.

The basic demonstratives are:
The demonstratives can also be used in the same way as the words in the table above: "u-ci mode, u-la mode" (thus; in this way, in that way), "u-ci ka, u-la ka" (for this cause, for that cause), "u-ci te" (with this intention), etc.

For “this time”, there's also "nu" (now), and for “that much/that many”, you can say "tanto"; for “that kind” "talo".

To change a phrase into a question, "qe" is placed at the beginning of the sentence.

The numbers from 0–10 are: "ze, mo, bi, tri, tet, pen, six, seti, ok, nona, deka". For 0, 4, 5, 7 and 8 (ze, tet, pen, seti, ok), there's also the longer forms "zero, tetra, penta, septi" and "okto". Higher numbers are formed by combining the numerals in the number, and in some cases by proper names:

Note that some use "centi", the older form of "hekto", for “hundred”. "Centi" is now used as “hundredth” in accordance with the ISO standard usage.

When numbers are placed before the noun, they are cardinal; when they are placed after the noun, they are ordinal:

"Mo", "bi" and "tri" also means single, double and triple, respectively.

The following is the Lord's Prayer in Glosa, compared with Interglossa, Frater and English versions, respectively:



History of France

The first written records for the history of France appeared in the Iron Age. What is now France made up the most of the area known to the Romans as Gaul. Greek writers noted the presence of three main ethno-linguistic groups in the area: the Gauls, the Aquitani, and the Belgae. The Gauls, the largest group, were Celts that spoke what is known as the Gaulish language.

Over the course of the first millennium BCE the Greeks, Romans and Carthaginians established colonies on the Mediterranean coast and the offshore islands. The Roman Republic conquered southern Gaul and added it as the province of Gallia Narbonensis in the late 2nd century BCE. Roman Legions under Julius Caesar conquered the rest of Gaul in the Gallic Wars of 58–51 BCE. After that, a Gallo-Roman culture came out and Gaul was more and more integrated into the Roman Empire.

In the later stages of the Roman Empire, Gaul was subject to barbarian sudden attacks and migration, most importantly by the Germanic Franks. The Frankish king Clovis I united most of Gaul under his rule in the late 5th century, preparing the conditions for Frankish control in the region for hundreds of years. Frankish power reached its fullest extent under Charlemagne. The medieval Kingdom of France came out from the western part of Charlemagne's Carolingian Empire, known as West Francia, and achieved increasing importance under the rule of the House of Capet, founded by Hugh Capet in 987.

A succession crisis following the death of the last direct Capetian king in 1328 led to the series of conflicts known as the Hundred Years' War between the House of Valois and the House of Plantagenet. The war formally began in 1337 following Philip VI's attempt to grab and take control of the Duchy of Aquitaine from its holder, Edward III of England, the Plantagenet claimant to the French throne. Despite early Plantagenet victories, including the capture and ransom of John II of France, fortunes turned in favor of the Valois later in the war. Among the important figures of the war was Joan of Arc, a French peasant girl who led French forces against the English. The war ended with a Valois victory in 1453.

Victory in the Hundred Years' War had the effect of strengthening French nationalism and hugely increasing the power and reach of the French monarchy. During the "Ancien Régime" period over the next centuries, France changed into a centralized absolute monarchy through Renaissance and the Protestant Reformation. At the height of the French Wars of Religion, France became involved in another succession crisis, as the last Valois king, Henry III, fought against rival groups the House of Bourbon and the House of Guise. Henry, the Bourbon King of Navarre, won the conflict and established the Bourbon dynasty. A growing worldwide colonial empire was established in the 16th century. French political power reached a high point under the rule of Louis XIV, "The Sun King".

In the late 18th century the monarchy and connected institutions were brought down in the French Revolution. The country was ruled for a period as a Republic, until Napoleon Bonaparte's French Empire was declared. Following his defeat in the Napoleonic Wars, France went through several further government changes, being ruled as a monarchy, then briefly as a Second Republic, and then as a Second Empire, until a more lasting French Third Republic was established in 1870.

France was one of the Triple Entente powers in World War I against Germany and the Central Powers. France was one of the Allied Powers in World War II, but was conquered by Nazi Germany in 1940. The Third Republic was taken apart, and most of the country was controlled directly by Germany while the south was controlled until 1942 by the collaborationist Vichy government. Living conditions were harsh as Germany drained away food and manpower, and many Jews were killed. The Free France movement that took over the colonial empire, and coordinated the wartime Resistance. Following liberation in 1944, the Fourth Republic was established. France slowly recovered, and enjoyed a baby boom that reversed its very low fertility rate. Long wars in Indochina and Algeria drained French resources and ended in political defeat. At the beginning of the 1958 Algerian Crisis, Charles de Gaulle set up the French Fifth Republic. Into the 1960s decolonization saw most of the French colonial empire become independent, while smaller parts were included into the French state as overseas departments and collectivities. Since World War II France has been a permanent member in the UN Security Council and NATO. It played a central role in the unification process after 1945 that led to the European Union. Despite slow economic growth in recent years, it remains a strong economic, cultural, military and political factor in the 21st century.

IPhone 13

iPhone 13 is the 15th generation of the iPhone, released on September 24, 2021. The iPhone 13 was announced at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on September 14, 2021. Tim Cook introduced the iPhone 13 with the new Apple A15 chip and other new features, among the release of IOS 15.

iPhone 13 is almost identical to iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro, with the exception of a smaller notch, which were released in October 2020. Later, Apple announced the iPhone 13 Pro and the iPhone 13 Pro Max,  which were to be released on September 24, 2021.

On August 2, 2021, Apple introduced that the new generation of iPhone is the iPhone 13. 

iPhone 13 and 13 mini have a and a screen. They have a smaller notch than the iPhone 12.

There is a new CPU in the iPhone 13. It's called the Apple A15 Bionic.

The iPhone 13 has 2 cameras arranged diagonally. 

In June 2021, a survey conducted by Sellcell found that 18.3% of respondents would refuse to buy a new phone if it carried the name “iPhone 13”, because they consider 13 to be an unlucky number in superstition.

Jaye Davidson

Jaye Davidson (born Alfred Amey; March 21, 1968) is an English-American model and retired actor. He made his acting debut as the transgender woman Dil in the thriller movie "The Crying Game" (1992), for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Following his breakthrough, he portrayed a villainous alien impersonating the Egyptian god Ra in the commercially successful science fiction movie "Stargate" (1994). Davidson retired from acting afterwards, not liking the fame that the roles brought him.

Davidson was born in Riverside, California, U.S.A but grew up in Borehamwood in Hertfordshire, England. His father is from Ghana and his mother is from England.

Davidson is gay. During his acting career, he said that his androgynous look alienated him within the gay community; he stated that gay men "love very masculine men. And I'm not a very masculine person. I'm reasonably thin. I have long hair, which isn't very popular with gay men."

Davidson later retired from acting, stating that he "genuinely hated the fame" he was receiving. He became more involved in modelling, and has since worked on several high-profile photo shoots.

Video game composer

A video game composer is a person who writes music for a video games. For example Kōji Kondō, who created several songs for games made by Nintendo, and Austin Wintory, who made music for Journey, are video game composers. The job of a video game composer is to create music that suits the game well. Because there are more mobile games and indie games in recent years, there have been more jobs for people who make music for video games.

Video game composers are important because they affect the way the game feels to the player. The music in a game can bring a feeling to the environment within the game.

Myke Chilian

Martiros Michael "Myke" Chilian (b. May 9. 1981) is an American screenwriter, voice actor, musician and animator. He is most known for his work on the HBO Max program "Tig n' Seek", He created the program and provides the voice for the main character, Tiggy. He is also known for working as a writer and artist on Cartoon Network's "Uncle Grandpa" and as a designer on Adult Swim's "Rick and Morty".

In addition to his television work, Chilian plays the electric accordion with his alt-punk band, The Manx.

Ima Keithel

Ima Keithel (English: Mothers' Market), also known as Nupi Keithel (English: Women's Market), or Khwairamband Keithel (English: Khwairamband Market), is a market in the middle of Imphal in the Indian state of Manipur. It is the only market in the world run entirely by women. Men are not allowed to sell anything. The Manipur Government has announced that the male shopkeepers will be punished if their shops are found inside the market. 
The market has around 5000-6000 shopkeepers. Women sell many kinds of things, like vegetables, clothes and many others. These are mostly local made of the state. 
The market was established in the sixteenth century AD. It has three large buildings. These are named after the three goddesses of Meitei religion. The goddesses are Leimarel Sidabi, Emoinu and Phouoibi.

Ima Keithel is a perfect example of the long-lasting tradition of business management done by women in Manipur. Traditionally, Meitei women always enjoyed high status in the economy of the society. Women lead the trade and commerce in food and vegetables, household things and clothes in Manipuri society. In history, it is the symbol of the empowerment and the leadership prospects of women in Manipur.

The market was established in the 16th century AD. During that time, the Lallup system (forced labor system) began in 1533 AD. The men had to either join the army or serve the kingdom elsewhere far from their homes. At those times, women supported their their families. They did everything that men had used to do. Women did everything from farming to making clothes. Finally, they sold many things at the market. The market was one of the most important permanent markets in the kingdom until the 20th century.

The market is run by a group of shopkeepers. It sets many traditional rules. According to it, women who marry only once in a lifetime are allowed to set up shops in the market. The shopkeepers include divorced women and widows. Many of them were the victims of the militancy in Manipur. Most of the women in the market are between 45 and 70 years old. The governing group regulates a system for lending money to women traders.


Van Partible

Van Partible (born Efrem Giovanni Bravo Partible; December 13, 1971) is a Filipino-born American animator, storyboard artist, director, writer and producer best known for creating the animated television series Johnny Bravo and Mike Lu & Og.

American Indians

American Indians or American Indian may refer to:




Imphal West district

Imphal West District () is one of the sixteen districts of the Manipur state of India. According to the 2011 census, it came out to be the district with the highest population in Manipur.

Imphal East district

Imphal East District () is one of the sixteen districts of Manipur state of India. According to 2011 census, it is the second most populated district in Manipur, after Imphal West.

Pithecopus gonzagai

Pithecopus gonzagai is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives several states north of the Rio São Francisco.

This frog lives in trees in grasslands and shrublands. People have heard it calling near ponds that dry up for part of the year. The female frog lays eggs on leaves that hang over the water. The tadpoles fall into the water when they hatch. People have also seen it in watering holes, places where cows and other animals drink water.

SIX Swiss

SIX Swiss Exchange (formerly SWX Swiss Exchange), based in Zurich, is Switzerland's principal stock exchange (the other being Berne eXchange). SIX Swiss Exchange also trades other securities such as Swiss government bonds and derivatives such as stock options.

The main stock market index for the SIX Swiss Exchange is the blue-chip index, the SMI, or Swiss Market Index. The index consists of the 20 most significant and most liquid large and mid-cap SPI equity-securities based on the free float market capitalisation.

SIX Swiss Exchange was the first stock exchange in the world to incorporate a fully automated trading, clearing and settlement system in 1995. The exchange is controlled by an association of 55 banks. Each of these banks has equal voting rights in the matter of decision making concerning the management and regulation of the exchange.

SIX X-Clear Ltd provides clearing and acts as the central counterparty for clearing trades, securities settlement and custody services.


SIX Group as well as being a stock exchange provides a number of other services through separate subsidiaries, these include;


The exchange's normal trading sessions are from 09:00 to 17:30 on all days of the week except Saturdays, Sundays and holidays declared by the Exchange in advance.


Nat Geo/Fox HD

Nat Geo/Fox HD was a Latin American subscription television channel that broadcast exclusively in high definition. It was launched on December 1, 2008 in Latin America (DirecTV being the first platform to offer it). It was owned by Fox Latin American Channels. Nat Geo/Fox HD was closed in June 2014 after it was split to National Geographic HD and Fox HD.

AUKUS

AUKUS, also known as Aukus (; is an acronym for the alliance between "Australia, United Kingdom, United States"), is a three-way security pact between Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States. The agreement was created in 2020 to share defense technologies between the three countries to answer the possible threat China poses.
It allows Australia to buy its first nuclear submarines, though the Australian government says that the boats will not be nuclear armed. These nuclear-powered submarines would be completed and ready for service in the mid to late 2030s. Experts say the nuclear subs can take longer trips than other submarines. They say the boats will give the alliance a stronger military presence in the region.

The alliance also is to share computing technologies and cyber defenses.

However, the agreement also led to a cancellation of a submarine deal between Australia and France. France was angry at the countries involved and recalled its ambassadors from Australia and the United States in response.

Jean-Claude van Itallie

Jean-Claude van Itallie (25 May 1936 – 9 September 2021) was a Belgian-born American playwright, performer, and theatre workshop teacher. He was best known protesting against the Vietnam War and for writing "America Hurrah;" "The Serpent" and his translations of Anton Chekhov's plays. He was born in Brussels, Belgium.

Van Itallie died in New York City on 9 September 2021 from pneumonia at the age of 85.


James Snyder Jr.

James Eugene "Jim" Snyder Jr. (June 30, 1945 – September 12, 2021) was an American lawyer, writer and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Snyder Jr. was a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives from 1969 until 1973. Snyder Jr. was born in Lexington, North Carolina.

Snyder Jr. ran for the United States Senate running against U.S. Senator Elizabeth Dole in the Republican primary. He lost the nomination to Dole. He ran twice for Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina, losing both times in 2004 and 2008.

Snyder Jr. died on September 12, 2021 at his home in Lexington at the age of 76.

Philippe Adrien

Philippe Adrien (19 December 1939 – 15 September 2021) was a French stage director, actor and playwright. An actor, he was known for his role in the 1959 war movie "Green Harvest". Adrien began to write plays in the late 1960s. In 1985, Adrien founded the L'Atelier de Recherche et de Réalisation Théâtrale.

Adrien died on 15 September 2021 at the age of 81.

Satoshi Hirayama

Hirayama died on September 15, 2021, in Fresno, California. He was 91.

Tex Clevenger

Truman Eugene "Tex" Clevenger (July 9, 1932 – August 24, 2019) was an American Major League Baseball relief pitcher and spot starter. He played for the Boston Red Sox, Washington Senators, Los Angeles Angels and New York Yankees from 1954 to 1962. 

Clevenger was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2008. He died from the disease on August 24, 2019 in Porterville, California at the age of 87.


Porterville, California

Porterville is a city in the San Joaquin Valley, in Tulare County, California, United States. 

Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahrawi

Lehbib Ould Ali Ould Said Ould Yumani, known as Adnan Abu Walid al-Sahrawi (16 February 1973 – 17 August 2021), was a Sahrawi Islamic terrorist. He was the leader of the Islamic State in the Greater Sahara.

On 4 October 2019, the United States offered a $5 million reward for information on where he is.

Al-Sahrawi was killed by French Forces in the Sahel in a drone strike on 17 August 2021. French President Emmanuel Macron announced his death on 15 September.

Lou Angotti

Louis Frederick Angotti (January 16, 1938 – September 15, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks, New York Rangers, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and the St. Louis Blues between 1962 until 1975.

Boet van Dulmen

Boet van Dulmen (19 May 1948 – 16 September 2021) was a Dutch Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was part of a group of Dutch riders who competed at the highest levels of Grand Prix racing in the late 1970s. He won his only major race at the Finnish Grand Prix.

Dušan Ivković

Dušan "Duda" Ivković (29 October 1943 – 16 September 2021) was a Serbian professional basketball player and coach. He was head coach of the senior Serbian national basketball team from 2008 to 2013. He was also the president of the Serbian club BKK Radnički. He was elected to the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2017. He was also named a EuroLeague Basketball Legend in 2017. He was born in Belgrade, German-occupied Serbia.

Ivković died on 16 September 2021 in Belgrade from herpes caused by pulmonary edema at the age of 77.

Hlengiwe Mkhize

Hlengiwe Buhle Mkhize MP (6 September 1952 – 16 September 2021) was a South African politician. She was a member of the National Assembly from 2009 until her death. She was Minister of Home Affairs in 2017 and Minister of Higher Education, Science and Technology from 2017 until 2018.

Mkhize died on 16 September 2021 at the age of 69.

George Mraz

George Mraz (born Jiří Mráz; 9 September 1944 – 16 September 2021) was a Czech-born American jazz bassist and alto saxophonist. He was a member of Oscar Peterson's group. During the 1970s, he was a member of the New York Jazz Quartet and The Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra, and in the 1980s a member of Quest.

Casimir Oyé-Mba

Casimir Marie Ange Oyé-Mba (20 April 1942 – 16 September 2021) was a Gabonese politician. He was Governor of the Bank of Central African States (BEAC) from 1978 to 1990. 

Oyé-Mba was Prime Minister of Gabon from 3 May 1990 to 2 November 1994. He also was Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 1999, Minister of State for Planning from 1999 to 2007, and Minister of State for Mines and Oil from 2007 to 2009.

Oyé-Mba died on 16 September 2021 in Paris from COVID-19 at the age of 79.

Graciete Santana

Graciete Moreira Carneiro Santana (12 October 1980 – 16 September 2021) was a Brazilian long distance runner. She placed 128th in the athletics marathon at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Santana began running to help her beat bulimia. Santana was born in Serra Preta, Brazil.

Santana died on 16 September 2021 from melanoma in Feira de Santana, Brazil at the age of 40.

Serra Preta

Serra Preta is a city in the eastern state of Bahia, Brazil. 14,699 people lived here in 2020. Serra Preta is about 150 miles northwest from Bahia's capital, Salvador, and 600 miles north of Rio de Janeiro.

Clive Sinclair

Sir Clive Marles Sinclair (30 July 1940 – 16 September 2021) was an English businessman and inventor. He was known for his works on consumer electronics in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He was born in Richmond, Surrey, England. He invented many versions of pocket calculators including the first one in 1972. 

Some of his creations include Sinclair Radionics Black Watch wristwatch, the Sinclair Vehicles C5 battery electric vehicle, and the Sinclair Research TV80 flatscreen CRT handheld television set.

Sinclair died from cancer in London on 16 September 2021 at the age of 81.

Roger Brown (defensive tackle)

Roger Lee Brown (May 1, 1937 – September 17, 2021) was an American professional football player. He was a defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Maryland State College before playing professionally for the Detroit Lions (1960–1966) and Los Angeles Rams (1967–1969).

Brown died on September 17, 2021 at the age of 84.

Thanu Padmanabhan

Thanu Padmanabhan (10 March 1957 – 17 September 2021) was an Indian theoretical physicist and cosmologist. His works fouced on Gravitation, Structure formation in the universe and Quantum Gravity. He was a Distinguished Professor at the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics. 

Padmanabhan died on 17 September 2021 at the age of 64 from a heart attack in Pune, India.

Alfonso Sastre

Alfonso Sastre (20 February 1926 – 17 September 2021) was a Spanish playwright, essayist, and critic. He was part of the Generation of '36 movement. He was a critic of censorship during the Francisco Franco dictatorship. His best known plays include "Death Squad" (1953), "The Gag" (1954), "Death Thrust" (1960), and "Tragicomedy of the Gypsy Celestina" (1984). He was born in Madrid.

Sastre died in Hondarribia, Spain on 17 September 2021, at the age of 95.

Hondarribia

Hondarribia (; ; ) is a town near Bidasoa river's mouth, in Gipuzkoa, in Basque Country, Spain.

Minja Subota

Milan "Minja" Subota (8 November 1938 – 17 September 2021) was a Serbian composer, musician, entertainer and photographer. He was born in Sarajevo. He was the host of the long-running children's TV show "Muzički tobogan" on RTS. He was honored with the Order of Karađorđe's Star in 2021.


Guadalupe Mountains National Park

Guadalupe Mountains National Park is the highest park of Texas.

Hazard (1948 movie)

Hazard is a 1948 American comedy-drama movie directed by George Marshall and starring Paulette Goddard, Macdonald Carey, Fred Clark, Stanley Clements, Percy Helton, Maxie Rosenbloom, Frank Fenton, Frank Faylen, Walter Baldwin. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Tap Roots

Tap Roots is a 1948 American Civil War western movie directed by George Marshall and starring Van Heflin, Susan Hayward, Boris Karloff, Julie London, Whitfield Connor, Ward Bond, Richard Long, Russell Simpson. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was based on the 1942 novel of the same name by James H. Street.

Kemal Kurspahić

Kemal Kurspahić (1 December 1946 – 17 September 2021) was a Bosnian journalist and politician. He was Editor-in-Chief of the Bosnian daily Oslobođenje in Sarajevo between 1989 until 1994. He was born in Mrkonjić Grad, PR Bosnia-Herzegovina. From 2001 until 2006, Kurspahić worked for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.

Carlos Gianelli

Carlos Alberto Gianelli Derois (March 7, 1948 – September 17, 2021) was a Uruguayan lawyer and diplomat. He as the Uruguayan ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Mexico, the Netherlands, and the United States. He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Gianelli died on September 17, 2021 in Washington, D.C. from a heart attack at the age of 73.

Daniel Quinn

Daniel Quinn may refer to:

Palauan language

Palauan ("tekoi er a Belau") is a Micronesian language spoken in Palau. It is officially regulated by the Palau Language Commission.

Hidalgo, Texas

Hidalgo is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States.

Nauruan language

Nauruan ("Dorerin Naoero" or "Ekaiairũ Naoero") is a Micronesian language spoken in Nauru. It, along with English, is an official language of Nauru.

La Joya, Texas

La Joya is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States.

Mercedes, Texas

Mercedes is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States.

Palmhurst, Texas

Palmhurst is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States.

San Juan, Texas

San Juan is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States.

Weslaco, Texas

Weslaco is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States.

W. Tayloe Murphy Jr.

William Tayloe Murphy Jr. (January 9, 1933 – September 15, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates between 1982 and 2000. Murphy Jr. was Secretary of Natural Resources under Governor Mark Warner from 2002 until 2006. Murphy Jr. was born in Richmond County, Virginia.

Murphy Jr. died on September 15, 2021 at the age of 88.

Love for Sale (album)

Love for Sale is the second collaboration album between American singers Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga. It was released on October 1, 2021, through Columbia and Interscope Records. It is also Bennett's final album before retirement. The album contains covers of Cole Porter songs.

The first single, "I Get a Kick Out of You", was released on August 6, 2021, followed by the second single, "Love for Sale", on September 17, 2021.

The album entered the US "Billboard" 200 album chart at number eight and entered at the top of the Traditional Jazz Albums chart, becoming Bennett's fifteenth chart-topper on the latter chart.

Lengths taken from Target CD import.

Philip Davis (Bahamian politician)

Philip Edward "Brave" Davis QC MP (born 7 June 1951) is a Bahamian politician. In September 2021, he became Prime Minister of the Bahamas. He has been a Member of Parliament for Cat Island, Rum Cay & San Salvador since May 2002. He was Leader of the Opposition from May 2017 to September 2021.

Kennedy Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

Kennedy Township is a township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is about 10 miles away from Pittsburgh. The population was 8,701 at the 2020 United States Census.

IPhone 13 Pro

iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max are professional versions of iPhone 13, the 15th generation of iPhone. It was announced at a Apple Worldwide Developers Conference on September 14, 2021, together with the iPhone 13. Apple announced that the iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max will be released on September 24, 2021. They were discontinued following the announcement of the IPhone 14 Pro. 

18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker

18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker or in Japan is an arcade vehicle simulator video game,developed by Sega AM2 and published by Sega. The game was released first on arcades in 2000, then later ported to the Dreamcast console in 2001. One year later, the game was also released in PlayStation 2 and GameCube (published by Accalim Entertainment). The game was followed by sequel, called "The King of Route 66". Released on Arcade in 2002, one year later, the game was ported to the PlayStation 2 in 2003.

The gameplay in "18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker" is to make it to the finish line with the truck cargo. Players are given a set amount of time limit, but player can ram into special vans that added an extra times in 3 seconds. There are several character to choose from, with unique truckes and attributes.

Player can starts out in New York City, New York and players can able travel across the United States of America, and the end in the San Francisco, California. After passed Stage 1, the games which gives a players to get a choice of trailer. One trailer is harder to haul, but provides a bigger payoff when the other choices is easier to provides a small payoff.


Torpedo Run

Torpedo Run is a 1958 American World War II movie directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Glenn Ford, Diane Brewster, Ernest Borgnine, Philip Ober, Richard Carlyle, Dean Jones, Robert Hardy, L. Q. Jones. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1959.


Lethal Skies Team SW: Elite Pilot

Lethal Skies Elite Pilot: Team SW ( in Japan) is an combat flight simulator video game developed by Bit Town Inc. and Asmik Ace Entertainment and alaso published by Sammy Corporation. The gameplay is similiar to "Ace Combat" franchises, "Raiden" series, and "Airforce Delta" series. Released exclusively for PlayStation 2 between 2001 (Japan and North America) and 2002 (Europe).

The game has followed by sequel called "Lethal Skies II", and released in 2003.


Wataru Takeshita

Takeshita was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2019. He died on 17 September 2021 in Tokyo from the disease at the age of 74.


Digoin

Digoin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

ITV News

ITV News is the branding of news programmes on the British television network ITV. Independent Television News (ITN) was founded in 1955. The channel's news coverage has won awards from the Royal Television Society, Emmy Awards and BAFTAs. Between 2004 and 2008, the "ITV Evening News" held the title of "RTS News Programme of the Year".

Uvac

The Uvac is a river which rises in Serbia. It flows through Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina. Its is about long. Near the locality of Uvac, the river flows into the Lim. For some of its length, the river is the border between both countries.

Americana, São Paulo

Americana is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 242,018 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 133.91 km².

Garda, Veneto

Garda is a "comune" in the Province of Verona in the Veneto region in Italy. It is on the shore of Lake Garda.

Romani flag

The Romani flag is dark blue on top (representing the heavens) and green below (representing the earth) with the red sixteen-spoked chakra in the center (in recognition of the Indian origin of the Roma), representing movement and the burst of fire from which all creation emerged at the beginning of time. This flag was approved at the First World Romani Congress in 1971 at London, England. 

Legnago

Legnago is an Italian city in Veneto. About 25,000 people lived there and is on the Adige river.

Termoli

Termoli is an Italian city in Molise. It is on the south Adriatic coast. About 32,000 people lived there.

Orenburg

Orenburg () is a city in Russia. It is the capital of Orenburg Oblast. As of 2010, the city has 548,331 people.

Orenburg is known formerly Chkalov, a city and administrative centre of Orenburg Oblast, an oblast in Russia, on the Ural River at the Sakmara confluence. Orenburg is founded as a fortress in 1735 at the Ural-Or confluence, where Orsk now stands, Orsk it was moved to its present site in 1743.

Orenburg was originally the military centre of the Ural Cossacks, and its commercial importance grew with trade to Central Asia, especially after the railway from Kuybyshev (now Samara) was built in 1871 to 1873.

Orenburg is in Europe. It is 1,458 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 2,170 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg and 1,073 kilometers southeast of Nizhny Novgorod.

Orenburg has major engineering industries, producing heavy-industrial and agricultural machinery; it manufactures a range of consumer goods and foodstuffs. It also has gas-processing facilities. Orenburg has teacher-training, medical, and agricultural institutes.

Colfax, Washington

Colfax is the county seat of Whitman County, Washington, United States.

The population was 2,805 at the 2010 census.

Colfax, California

Colfax (formerly, Alden Grove, Alder Grove, Illinoistown, and Upper Corral) is a city in Placer County, California. The population was 1,995 at the 2020 census.

Roost-Warendin

Roost-Warendin is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Łuków

Łuków () is a city in eastern Poland, in the north part of Lublin Voivodeship. It has 29,441 inhabitants (31 December 2020).

Desenzano del Garda

Desenzano del Garda is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is on the Lake Garda.

Sirmione

Sirmione is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It has a historical centre which is located on a small peninsula that separates the lower part of Lake Garda.

Centro Municipality, Tabasco

Centro is one of the 17 municipalities in the Mexican state of Tabasco. Its municipal seat is in the city of Villahermosa.

The Neon Demon

The Neon Demon is a 2016 American Belgian French Danish psychological horror movie directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Elle Fanning, Karl Glusman, Jena Malone, Desmond Harrington, Christina Hendricks, Keanu Reeves, Bella Heathcote. It was distributed by Amazon Studios.


Gonfaron

Gonfaron is a commune of 4,324 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Grimaud

Grimaud is a commune of 4,553 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Lavandou

Le Lavandou is a commune of 5,981 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Londe-les-Maures

La Londe-les-Maures is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Lorgues

Lorgues is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Luc

Le Luc is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France. 11,008 people lived there in 2018.

List of awards and nominations received by Billie Eilish

This is a list of awards and nominations received by American singer-songwriter Billie Eilish.

La Martre, Var

La Martre is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France. 212 people lived there in 2018.

Les Mayons

Les Mayons is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France. 638 people lived there in 2018.

Mazaugues

Mazaugues is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France. 878 people lived there in 2018.

Méounes-lès-Montrieux

Méounes-lès-Montrieux is a commune of 2,202 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Cortland, New York

Cortland is a city in and the county seat of Cortland County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 17,556 people live in Cortland.

Mario Camus

Mario Camus García (20 April 1935 – 18 September 2021) was a Spanish movie director and screenwriter. He won the Golden Bear for his movie "La colmena". His other best works were "The House of Bernarda Alba" (1987) and "Shadows in a Conflict" (1993).

Camus died on 18 September 2021 in Santander, Spain at the age of 86.

Sheboygan River

The Sheboygan River is a river flowing to Lake Michigan in eastern Wisconsin in the United States. It is about long. It enters the lake at the city of Sheboygan. The name of the river is Chippewa meaning 'hollow bone', 'noise underground' or 'river disappearing underground'.

They Were Expendable

They Were Expendable is a 1945 American World War II movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1942 novel of the same name by William Lindsay White. It stars Robert Montgomery, John Wayne, Donna Reed, Jack Holt, Ward Bond, Marshall Thompson, Paul Langton, Leon Ames, Donald Curtis, Jeff York and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1946.


Marja'

Marji (, "marjiʿ"; plural: "marājiʿ"), also known as a marji' taqlīd () or marji' dīnī (), is a title given to the highest level of Twelver Shia authority. The "Grand Ayatollah" has power given by a hawzah to make legal decisions within Islamic law for followers and clerics.

Ali al-Sistani

Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Ali al-Husayni al-Sistani (; , born 4 August 1930), commonly known as Ayatollah Sistani, is an Iranian-born Iraqi Shia Marja'. He was born in Mashhad, Iran.

He is seen as the leading spiritual leader of Iraqi Shia Muslims, and one of the most senior scholars in Shia Islam. 

In 2005 and 2014, he was also nominated for Nobel Prize Award.

Banda Sea

The Banda Sea is part of the Pacific Ocean. It lies between Sulawesi, East Timor and New Guinea. Sulawesi, and part of New Guinea are part of Indonesia today. East Timor is an independent country. The Banda Sea extends about east-west, and about from north to south. It contains the Banda Arc, with the Lesser Sunda Islands and the Maluku Islands. Islands such as Sulawesi are part of the Greater Sunda Islands. In its center, the Banda Sea has a depth of . Its lowest point is at the Weber deep, at .

Pithecopus hypochondrialis

The orange-legged leaf frog ("Pithecopus hypochondrialis") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Venezuela, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, and the Guianas. People have seen it as high as 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog hides during the day and moves at night. People have seen it sitting on shrubs and other plants in forests and in grasslands that are covered with water for part of the year. The male frog sits near ponds that dry up for part of the year and calls to the female frogs. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over the water. The tadpoles fall into the water after they hatch. Scientists have seen some of these frogs in cities.

Human beings change the places where it lives by cutting down forests to make farms and to let cows eat grass. There are also problems with fire. Some people have caught the frog to sell as pets. But because this frog can live in cities, it is not in danger of dying out.

Prostitution in Afghanistan

Prostitution in Afghanistan is illegal. Prostitution is when someone does a sex act in exchange for money or other payment. Punishments range from five to fifteen years in prison. The country is deeply religious. It is one of the most conservative countries in the world. Sex outside marriage is against the law and can be punished with death.

Because most people in Afghanistan are poor, or they have been displaced, more and more have become prostitutes. APMG Health estimated there were12,500 prostitutes in the country in 2015. In 2020 UNAIDS estimated there were 11,000 prostitutes in Kabul, Herat, Mazar and Jalalabad based on a 2019 survey. Before the foreign troops left the country, many of the brothels and prostitutes were located close to US bases.

A number of women from China, Iran, Pakistan, the Philippines, Sri Lanka and Tajikistan have been trafficked into Afghanistan, to become prostitutes. Afghan women are also trafficked to other countries for sexual exploitation. Child prostitution in the form of Bacha Bazi is also a problem in the country.

The Taliban, who have again come to power in 2021, have values that are deeply rooted in Islamic ethics. They have punished unmarried people with up to 80 lashes. Married prostitutes are considered adulterers, under Afghan law.

Even before the Talian took control of the country, Islamic fundamentalists have killed people for having sex outside marriage, without waiting for a state trial. Prostitution is seen as very bad. To keep the family in good standing, prostitutes sometimes get killed by members of their own family.


In the 1990s, prostitution existed in secret in Kabul. The government who followed a very strict interpretation of the Islamic Sharia law had made it illegal. Melissa Ditmore reported in "Encyclopedia of Prostitution and Sex Work" that during their rule the traffic in women for prostitution had increased. Prostitutes mostly worked from their homes. These were called Qalas. In Kabul there were 25 to 30 hidden brothels.

Because women were not allowed to work during the Taliban regime of the 1990s, this forced many children to enter the sex trade to make a living. According to the 2010 Trafficking in Persons Report from the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, women from Iran, Tajikistan, China, and other places have been forced into prostitution in Afghanistan.

Many people have lived in Afghanistan as refugees. Most of these came from neighboring countries. There have been reports that Afghan women as well as boys and girls among these refugees were forced into prostitution. Because of poverty, several families have also been reported to be selling their children.

A 2007 University of Manitoba report suggests that there may be about 900 female prostitutes in Kabul. Kabul is a city with a population of over 4 million today. Latest estimates show that there may be between 11,000 and 12,500 sex workers in the country. Between 2007 and 2008, two to three people were arrested because of prostitution per week, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry's department of sexual crimes.

In Afghan culture and traditions, prostitution is seen as very shameful. Sometimes, religious extremists, kill prostitutes. In some cases, prostitutes get killed by members of their own family:

"Nikah mut'ah" is a fixed-term marriage in Shia Islam; most other Muslims reject the idea. There have also been some reports about "Mut'ah" ("Fegha" in Persian language) beginning to be practiced in Mazar-i-Sharif. 

Like in many other Islamic countries, it is a major taboo in Afghan culture for women to openly dance in front of men. Males and females are separated during weddings and other parties. As a form of adult entertainment, young males dress as females and dance in front of men to make money. ""Bacha bereesh"" (meaning "boys without beards" in Persian language) occasionally dance to entertain men at certain parties, especially in the north parts of Afghanistan. Powerful patrons sometimes sexually exploit the dancers. It is estimated that about 10,000 men across Afghanistan engage in sexual activities with other men.

In some parts of Afghanistan, people believe that the number 39 is cursed or a badge of shame: They say it is linked with prostitution.

It is unclear, why the number is undesirable. It has often been associated with a pimp, who was living in Herat: This pimp had the nickname "39", after the number plate of his expensive car, and the number of his apartment. The number is said to translate into "morda-gow", literally meaning "dead cow" but a well-known slang term for a pimp. Others have blamed corrupt police officials for spreading the rumour in order to charge between $200–500 to change a "39" plate.

Vehicle registration plates with the number are seen as so undesirable that vehicles and apartments bearing the numerals are said to be virtually unsellable in the capital, Kabul. The drivers of such vehicles have reported abuse and derision from pedestrians and other drivers. Some have had their registration plates altered to hide the numbers. One such driver, Zalmay Ahmadi, told "The Guardian": "When I drive around all the other cars flash their lights, beep their horns and people point at me. All my classmates now call me Colonel 39." Number plates containing '39' were withdrawn in early 2021.

 In 2019, the United States Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons downgraded Afghanistan to a 'Tier 2 watchlist' country'. In 2020, it further downgraded the country to 'Tier 3'. The Government of Afghanistan does not fully meet the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking and is not making significant efforts to do so. The country remained in 'Tier 3' in 2021.

Women and girls from China, Iran, Pakistan, Philippines, Sri Lanka, and Tajikistan have been subject to sex trafficking in Afghanistan. Afghan women, and children pay other people to help them find a job abroad. In most cases, they want to work in Iran, Pakistan, and in Europe. Some of these people force them into sex trafficking. In 2021 it was estimated that over 7000 young Afghan girls had been sold into prostitution in India.


Matrix (geology)

The matrix or groundmass of a rock is the finer-grained mass of material in which larger grains, crystals, or clasts are embedded.

The matrix of an igneous rock is made up of fine-grained, often tiny, crystals in which larger crystals, called phenocrysts, are embedded. In South Africa, diamonds are often mined from a matrix of weathered clay-like rock (kimberlite) called "yellow ground".

The matrix of sedimentary rocks is made up of finer-grained sedimentary material, such as clay or silt, in which larger grains or clasts are embedded.

Toyota Matrix

The Toyota Matrix, officially referred to as the Toyota Corolla Matrix, is a compact hatchback made by Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada in Cambridge, Ontario. It was gotten from the Toyota Corolla. It was introduced in 2002 as a 2003 model. Toyota and General Motors worked together to make the Matrix.

Acamptonectes

Acamptonectes is a genus of ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaurs, a type of dolphin-like marine reptiles. They lived during the Early Cretaceous around 130 million years ago. The discovery of Acamptonectes had significant implications for the evolutionary history of ichthyosaurs.

Electronic game

An electronic game is either a game console that can connect to a TV to play a video game or a game that be played in someone's hand. Electronic games are often bought by younger people including kids, teenagers and people who have special needs as people with special needs particular autism like games with repetitive sound. 

Electronic games were most common being sold in the 1990's when it was the best time in the world to make them, manufacturer and sell them. 

In the 1980's, a game called Simon was released by Milton Bradley which also had a 'Super' variant called the Super Simon. 

In the 90's there were 2 major games being sold - Bop It and Brain Warp, as well as a second edition of Bop It called the Bop It Extreme which was released in 1999 by Hasbro voiced by Scott Parkin. There was a game called Brain Shift that wasn't popular, but a rare low pitched unit was discovered in 2003 which lasted until 2009. Bop It was re-released again in 2008 as Bop It! and Simon was also re-released 3 years later by Hasbro and then KID Group made Simon Swipe. 

Electronic games require batteries to run and the manufacture adds a hidden 'test mode' on which the user can use to capture samples to make another game. Although the samples themselves won't be as good as the original studio quality samples, they can be good quality enough to be re-used in another game.
Surah Al-Hijr

Surah Al-Hijr (), is the fifteenth surah of the Qur'an, the religious book of Muslims. This Surah was revealed in Makkah and has 99 verses.



Reduced affect display

Reduced affect displays (better known as emotional blunting) is the condition where a person has a reduced emotional reaction. People with this condition have problems expressing their feelings. They are unble to do this while they talk about certain problems which normally cause people to express emotions. Expressive gestures aren't common. There is also little or no animation in the facial expressions or the changes for certain people's voices. Reduced affect is often the symptom of autism, depression, schizoid personality disorder, schizophrenia or even post-traumatic stress disorder. It is also often the side effect of certain drugs (these tend to include antipsychotic or antidepressant drugs).

Reduced affect is different from apathy and anhedonia (these others mean not having enough or "any" emotion). Reduced affect means not enough or any "expressions" of emotion (affect displays), without mattering whether or not emotions are actually reduced.

Constricted or restricted affects mean when one's abilities to express themselves with certain levels of emotional intensity are limited or not done fully.

Blunted affect is totally different from flat affects. "Blunted" (in "blunted affects") means people still have affects. These people's responses in emotions, however, are usually not intense or strong like others would normally predict.

Martin Hemings

Martin Hemings (1755-????) was a man from Virginia. He was the oldest male child of Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings. History does not say who his father was, but it was not John Wayles. Martin Hemings was the half-brother of Sally Hemings and James Hemings. He was enslaved to Thomas Jefferson. He worked as Jefferson's butler at Monticello.

According to Madison Hemings, Sally Hemings' grandmother was a fully African woman and might have been born in Africa. She was enslaved to the Eppes family in Virginia. Historians do not know for sure what her name was. Papers with the names of enslaved women in the Eppes family include "Dinah," "Judy," "Abbie," "Sarah," "Parthenia," and others. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed said that there were many girls named "Thenia" in the Hemings family, and they might have been named after Parthenia. But she also says that "Sally" is a nickname for "Sarah," and there were many girls named "Sarah" and "Sally" in the Hemings family too.

Martin Hemings' mother was called Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings. Martin Hemings' nephew Madison Hemings told the story: Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman and her father was an English sea captain named Hemings. The sea captain tried to buy Elizabeth Hemings from her owner, but the owner said no. He said he wanted to see what a half-white, half-African child would look like. Then Captain Hemings tried to take the child away from the owner without paying, but someone told the owner about his plan. Captain Hemings left Virginia and did not come back.

Captain Hemings tried to take his daughter from one of the men in the Eppes family, but historians do not know which one because they do not know when Elizabeth Hemings was born. One paper says "about 1735." 

Elizabeth Hemings lived at the Eppes family's house, which was called Bermuda Hundred, until 1746. That year, Martha Eppes married John Wayles. Elizabeth and other enslaved people went with Martha to Wayle's house as part of her marriage settlement. A marriage settlement was any property that a married woman could control and her husband couldn't. Technically, the Eppes family owned Elizabeth Hemings.

Elizabeth Hemings had many children. Martin Hemings was born on a plantation called The Forest that belonged to John Wayles. History does not say who his father was. John Wayles was the father of most of Elizabeth Hemings' other children.

When Martha Wayles Skelton married Thomas Jefferson, Hemings and many people in her family went with Martha Skelton to Jefferson's house at Monticello. Martin Hemings was 17 or 18 years old. He later became the butler of Monticello and lived there for many years. When Thomas Jefferson became governor of Virginia and lived in houses in Richmond, Virginia and Williamsburg, Virginia, Martin Hemings went with him.

We do not know what Martin Hemings was like when he was around other black people. This is because no writings about this survive. But many of Thomas Jefferson's letters have been saved and copied. Thomas Jefferson wrote about the enslaved people a lot. Thomas Jefferson wrote about Martin having a fiery temper.Jefferson's granddaughters said he had a gloomy temper and became angry if anyone but Jefferson gave him orders.

During the American Revolutionary War, the British army captured Monticello. Martin Hemings hid the valuable silver tableware—forks, knives and other items for eating. He hid them under the floorboards. Another enslaved man, called Caesar, hid with them and could not get out for days. Martin did not tell the British soldiers where the silver was, not even when they hit him.

Jefferson's granddaughters told historian Henry S. Randall the family story: A British officer pointed a gun at Martin Hemings and told Hemings to say which way Jefferson had gone. "Fire away, then," answered Hemings.

White people wrote about how this showed Martin was loyal to his master and his country. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed writes that perhaps Martin just did not like being told what to do.

Jefferson was away from Monticello a lot. After his wife died, he wanted to be somewhere else. He even went to Paris for years when he was the United States Ambassador to France. During these times, enslaved people in the Hemings family were allowed to come and go as they wanted. The Hemings men lived almost like free black men: They could find jobs where they wanted and keep all the money they earned.

When Jefferson came back from Paris, he wanted his butler, Martin Hemings, to stay at Monticello. But Hemings had been used to living his own life. He "ran away" from Monticello many times. Sometimes he stayed away for months, working another job somewhere else. But someone always caught him and brought him back.

In 1792, Thomas Jefferson wrote that he and Martin Hemings had had a disagreement or fight. He did not say what the fight was. He told one of his managers at Monticello that he and Martin Hemings had agreed on what to do: Jefferson would sell Martin Hemings to someone else. Martin Hemings was 36 or 37 at the time. Jefferson told the manager that Martin Hemings could choose another master. He said he did not care how much money he got for Hemings, so long as Hemings was gone. He also told the manager that he did not want to free Martin Hemings, the way he would free his half-brothers Robert and James later in their lives.

This means:

"Martin and I had such a bad disagreement that he asked me to sell him to someone else. I think I should do it. He should not work for me any more. Please find him another master that he thinks would be good. I don't care about the money. Martin can even choose his new master, but I will not free him. Please find a buyer quickly. I do not want to talk to or argue with Martin about this."

Thomas Jefferson's letters and writings about Monticello say that Martin Hemings was still at Monticello in 1795. His writings do not say that Jefferson sold Martin Hemings. Then Jefferson's writings stop talking about Hemings altogether. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed thinks Martin Hemings died of natural causes before Jefferson and Hemings could find a buyer.

Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3

Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 is a crossover fighting game developed by Capcom in collaboration with Eighting. It is an updated version of Super Smash Bros. Brawl and Kirby's Return to Dream Land. The game features characters from both Capcom's video game franchises and comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The game was released in November 2011 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and was featured as a launch title for the PlayStation Vita in 2012. The game was later ported to PlayStation 4 in December 2016, and Xbox One and Microsoft Windows in March 2017.
Wildlife conservation

Wildlife conservation refers to the practice of protecting wild species and their habitats in order to maintain healthy wildlife species or populations and to restore, protect or enhance natural ecosystems. Major threats to wildlife include habitat destruction, degradation, fragmentation, overexploitation, poaching, pollution and climate change. The IUCN estimates that 27,000 species of the ones assessed are at risk for extinction. Expanding to all existing species, a 2019 UN report on biodiversity put this estimate even higher at a million species. It is also being acknowledged that an increasing number of ecosystems on Earth containing endangered species are disappearing. To address these issues, there have been both national and international governmental efforts to preserve Earth's wildlife.

Hungarian food

Hungarian food or Hungarian cuisine is the cuisine of Hungary.

Yak (disambiguation)

A yak is a long-haired species of cattle. There are two types of yak:

Yak may also refer to:

Spanish food

Spanish food or Spanish cuisine is the cuisine of Spain.

Romani folklore

The Old Dualist-Religion of the Roma people called "Romanipen" is a simple belive in "Devla-God and Beng-Satan ". There is no holy books but Priests called Rashai derived from Rishi, the Priests wife is called Rashani. Only Roma or partial roma can be members.

Saturday Night Speedway

Saturday Night Speedway is a racing simulator video game developed by Ratbag Games and published by Atari Inc.. The gameplay is similiar to the "Need for Speed" franchises, where players can drift anywhwere, and sometimes, players can complete all 13 events in Championship Mode. "Saturday Night Speedway" also features Career Mode, where players can upgraded cars, repair cars, sponsorship earnings, race earnings and much more.


A Matter of Life and Death (movie)

A Matter of Life and Death is a 1946 British World War II romantic fantasy movie directed by Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger and starring David Niven, Roger Livesey, Raymond Massey, Kim Hunter, Kathleen Byron, Marius Goring, Joan Maude, Richard Attenborough, Bonar Colleano.


List of Meitei scholars

This includes the list of scholars of Meitei Manipuri speaking ethnicities of Manipur, Assam and Tripura of India, Bangladesh as well as Myanmar.

Ananta Kumar Seram, shortly known as A.K. Seram, is a Bangladeshi Manipuri writer, journalist and social activist. He is the founder and the president of "Bangladesh Manipuri Sahitya Sangsad" () for the Manipuris of Bangladesh. He was also an editor of the Manipuri periodical named ""Meira"" (). In 2018, he received the prestigious Mahakavi Anganghal Award 2018, for his contributions to Manipuri language, literature and culture in Bangladesh.

Mayengbam Mohendra Kumar Singha is a Bangladeshi Manipuri social activist who is native to Habiganj District of Bangladesh. He is the son of Mayengbam Modan Mohan Singha. He completed his Graduation in Arts from Modan Mohan College, Sylhet. He was also educated in Laws from Sylhet Law College. He served in the Bangladesh Power Development Board. From 1985, he was serving as a general secretary for BAMJUS (Bangladesh Manipuri Juba Sangha, ). Jointly working with Ananta Kumar Seram, he took active participation in mobilizing the infrastructure of Bangladesh.

Mutua Bahadur, also known as Mutum Bahadur, is an Indian Manipuri cultural research scholar and social activist. He is the founder and the director of Mutua Museum, Imphal. He had collected many museum pieces, made archeological and allied studies in Ancient Manipur, Medieval Manipur and Modern Manipur.

Thokchom Jitendra Kumar Singha is a Bangladeshi Manipuri social worker from Sadar, Sylhet. He has been connected with Manipuri cultural activities in Sylhet, Bangladesh. He contributed to the inter-ethnic relationship between Manipuri speaking ethnicity and the Muslim Bengali people of Bangladesh. He is native to Kewapura, Mirermoidan, Sylhet district of Bangladesh.
Th. Tarunkumar is an Indian Manipuri lecturer in History and an editor of the English Weekly, Resistance, published from Imphal. His editorial publications had deeply in-sighted the neo-colonialism of Manipur in the decade of the late 1970s. Presently, he is working as a journalist, for Delhi, India. He is a resident of Keisampat, Imphal, Manipur.

Cover Girl

Cover Girl is a 1944 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring Rita Hayworth, Gene Kelly, Lee Bowman, Phil Silvers, Leslie Brooks, Eve Arden, Otto Kruger, Anita Colby, Jess Barker. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1945.


School for Secrets

School for Secrets is a 1946 British drama movie directed by first time director Peter Ustinov and starring David Tomlinson, Ralph Richardson, John Laurie, Ernest Jay, Finlay Currie, Richard Attenborough, David Hutcheson, Bill Owen, Marjorie Rhodes.

Juz'

juzʼ" (Arabic: جُزْءْ, plural: "ajzāʼ", literally meaning "part") is called each of the thirty volumes of the Qur'an. These thirty pieces are known as thirty paras. In Arabic it is called Juz. The word para is common among Muslims in South Asia. The meaning does not differ from these parts of the Qur'an. Each para consists of an equal number of parts. Basically, these paras have been formed for the convenience of recitation."



White Mexicans

White Mexicans () are Mexicans who are white people, usually because they come from European or Eurasian people. Many come from Spanish people because Mexico was colonized by Spain for many years. White Mexicans are a minority in Mexico. They appear a lot on Mexican television and movies. They are Mexicans because it is their nationality. 

Ruku

Ruku (Arabic: رُكوع) is an Arabic word that means two things in Islamic terminology:


The word ruku is used in the Qur'an.

Surah An-Nahl

Surah Al-Nahl, (Arabic: سورة النحل) (The Bee), is the sixteenth surah of the Qur'an, the religious book of Muslims. This Surah was revealed in Makkah and has 128 verses.

This name is derived from the phrase وَأَوْحَى رَبُّكَ لَِلَى النَّحْلِ in verse 7 of this Surah. It is also based on mere signs, or nahl or bee is not the subject of this surah.


Surah Al-Isra

Surah Al-Isra (, ; The Night Journey) is the 17th chapter (sūrah) of the Quran, with 111 verses (āyāt).


Surah Al-Kahf

Al-Kahf (Arabic: سورة الكهف) is the 18th surah of the Qur'an, the religious book of Muslims. It has 110 verses and 12 ruku's. Surah Al-Kahf has been revealed in Makkah . In this Surah, three questions of the Quraysh have been answered. In this Surah the story of Prophet Moses and Prophet Khizr has also been narrated.


Surah Maryam

Surah Maryam (Arabic: سورة مريم) Surah 19 of the Quran, the religious book of Muslims; Its verse i.e. sentence number is 97 and ruku i.e. paragraph number is 8. Surah Maryam has been revealed in Makkah. This surah speaks first of the prayers of Zechariah , then of the Blessed Virgin Mary and the son of Jesus.

The name of this surah is taken from the phrase وَاذْكُرْفِيالْكِتَابِمَرْيَمَ in the sixteenth verse of this surah; That is, it is the surah that contains the word بِمَرْيَمَ.


The Heavenly Kid

The Heavenly Kid is a 1985 American romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Cary Medoway and starring Lewis Smith, Jason Gedrick, Jane Kaczmarek, Richard Mulligan, Mark Metcalf, Nancy Valen. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Superstore (season 6)

The sixth season of Superstore was the final season. "Superstore" is a show about people working in a big-box store named Cloud 9. The show's first episode was released on 29 October 2020 on NBC.

The series started being made in September 2020. This was during the COVID-19 pandemic. The show decided to have the episodes set during the pandemic. In December 2020, they said the season was the last one for the show.

The season had the 100th episode of the show. The show ended on 25 March 2021. "All Sales Final" was the final episode of the series. The final episode was an hour long.

<onlyinclude>

Pithecopus araguaius

Pithecopus araguaius is a frog that lives in Mato Grasso, Brazil. People have seen this frog 418 meters above sea level.

One sample frog was about 30 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the back and backs of the legs are green in color. This frog has a green stripe on each hind leg and a dark stripe on each side. There is orange color on the front legs and inner parts of the hind legs. Parts of the lips are white in color.

Scientists named this frog "araguaius" after the Araguaia River. The frogs live near this river. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over bodies of water that dry up for part of the year. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall down into the water below.

This frog lives in the Cerrado in Brazil. It lives in grasslands, including places where humans allow cows and other animals to eat grass, and people have seen it in towns and cities. This frog is not in danger of dying out. Scientists believe it lives in a large area and there are many frogs alive now.

Zelenograd

Zelenograd () is a city in Moscow (federal city) in Russia. The city has 221,712 people as of 2010. Zelenograd means "green city" in Russian.

Zelenograd was founded in 1958 as an unnamed city near Kryukovo on an empty, forested place, and it's architecture and civic layout yields to one general architectural plan. Igor Pokrovsky, which has large influence from the garden city movement, the development of the Tapiola district in Finland, and new towns in the United Kingdom (Harlow and others).

Zelenograd was planned as a center of the clothing industry initially, but in 1962, Alexander Shokin proposed to change the line of future city business to electronics. Some researchers of Russian electronics history mentioned that a similar idea was proposed to the Russian government by two escaped Silicon Valley engineers, which are Alfred Sarant and Joel Barr.

On January 15, 1963, Zelenograd received official city status and name Zelenograd, and on November 25, 1968 Zelenograd got the status of district of Moscow at the same time.

In 1988, Zelenograd incorporated the former village of Kryukovo, one of the important sites during the Moscow Battle. Several monuments to the Moscow defenders and the heroes of the Great Patriotic War of Russia are in Zelenograd and the surrounding area, the most famous of which is the Shtyki Memorial, from which the remains of the Unknown Soldier of Russia were taken for burial at the Kremlin Wall in the Alexander Garden of Moscow.

Before 1989, Zelenograd was a closed city in some aspects because it was prohibited to take photos in the central parts of Zelenograd, near the plants, teaching and research stations, and foreigners were not admitted into Zelenograd.

In 1991, Zelenograd was changed in one of the administrative okrugs of Moscow federal city in Russia.


Newsletter

A Newsletter is printed or electronic news about what a business or organisation does. It is sent to members (of the business or organisation), customers, employees or subscribers.

Kunar Hembram

Kunar Hembram , is an Engineer turned Indian parliamentarian . He is a working politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha (the lower house of the Parliament of India) from Jhargram, West Bengal in the 2019 Indian general election as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.


Zhang Wentian

Zhang Wentian (30 August 1900 – 1 July 1976), also known as Luo Fu, was a high-ranking leader of the Communist Party of China.

Enrico Maccioni

Enrico Maccioni (born 9 January 1940 in Florence), Italian painter of contemporary art.



Feminist pornography

People who were active in the sex-positive feminism movement developed feminist pornography. Like normal pornography, the aim is to show sexually explicit images, or describe situations which help to sexually arouse women. Most pornography is made for men; it often uses stereotypes. Feminist pornography wants to break out of these stereotyped gender roles. 

Much like regular pornography, feminist pornography uses explicit images. Most pornography made for men use shallow stereotypes. Feminist pornography wants to question these stereotypes and the way in which things such as gender, sexuality or beauty are shown. Feminist porn movies often also show disabililty. They do this more often than porn made for men: Feminist porn also shows people who are sexually active, even though they are disabled in some way. Feminist pornography looks at what is considered a normal sexual relationship, and turns against seeing one sex as better than another. More often than pornography produced for men, feninist pornography uses language to produce erotic situations. 

Most feminist porn movies were made in the last few decades. As these movies were made, people also tried to find interpretations for them and to agree on a common set of rules. These interpretations and rules change over time. The last change was made to accommodate the transgender community. In general, feminist porn wants to be seen as diverse and liberal, and to express liberal views on gender and sexuality. 


With this, feminist pornography creates an aesthetic and ethical vision of change that is neither homogeneous nor clearly defined. Jasmin Hagendorfer, artistic director of the "Porn Film Festival Vienna", describes her approach as follows:Feminist porn productions show that the desire and sexual perception of women can very well be the focus and that porn can also be women-, gender- and ultimately men-friendly. In addition, many feminist productions stand for fair working conditions, a say and consensus, which are often not found in mainstream productions. It is important to show that porn is produced by women for women and that it will also meet a wide audience. 

Christopher Boulton says that criticism of feminist pornography comes from religion, government policy, and feminism itself. The positions of these movements are very similar. The different movements want to reach them with different means, though. One of the critics is the organization Stop Porn Culture. Its main proponent is Gail Dines. According to her, the porn movement in western society is bad, especially the protection of children, and of public health. The means are very similar to those opponents of pornography used in the 1970s and 1980s. 

Like with the mainstream porn industry, the main interests of feminist pornography are about earning money. Many of the movies are produced as independent movies. Big movie companies like Vivid Entertainment, Adam and Eve and Evil Angel Productions finance and distribute feminist pornography. Feminists deal with this in different ways: Some feminists are opposed to the big companies financing or distributing the movies. Most feminists live with the fact. Courtney Trouble said she would portray almost any character in her films if the demand was there. Only in this way would she be able to get enough money for the projects in which she could show her own ideas, which are different from the mainstream. For example, she would take on the role of a Big Beautiful Woman, although she rejects this term for herself. In her view, Capitalist value creation is a means to an end.



Fernando Mario Chávez Ruvalcaba

Fernando Mario Chávez Ruvalcaba (30 November 1932 – 15 September 2021) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of Zacatecas from 1999 to 2008. He was born in Zacatecas City, Mexico.

Chávez Ruvalcaba died in Zacatecas City on 15 September 2021 from COVID-19 at the age of 88.

John Ruggie

John Gerard Ruggie (18 October 1944 – 16 September 2021) was an American political scientist. He was the Berthold Beitz Research Professor in Human Rights and International Affairs at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government. He was an Affiliated Professor in International Legal Studies at Harvard Law School. From 1997 to 2001, Ruggie was the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Strategic Planning.

Ruggie died on 16 September 2021 at the age of 76.

Shut Up and Dance

"Shut Up and Dance" is an episode of the television show "Black Mirror". It is the third episode of the third series. The episode was first put on Netflix on 21 October 2016. The episode is about a teenage boy who has been caught masturbating by a hacker. The hacker blackmails the boy to go to places and commit crimes. The boy must later work with a man who is also being blackmailed. The episode was written by Charlie Brooker (creator of "Black Mirror") and William Bridges. The boy is played by Alex Lawther and the man he works with is played by Jerome Flynn. The story of the episode has been said by critics to be similar to another episode, "White Bear".

Ronald Paris

Ronald Paris (12 August 1933 – 17 September 2021) was a German painter and graphic artist. Between 1993 and 1999, Paris was a professor at the Burg Giebichenstein Arts Academy in Halle. 

Paris died on 17 September 2021 at the age of 88.

Michał Turkiewicz

Michał Turkiewicz (25 November 1956 – 17 September 2021) was a Polish politician and teacher. He was born in Sulików, Poland. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party. He was a member of the Sejm from 2001 until 2005.

Turkiewicz died on 17 September 2021 at the age of 64.

Julos Beaucarne

Julos Beaucarne, (27 June 1936 – 18 September 2021) was a Belgian poet, actor, singer-songwriter and artist. He performed in Walloon. He was known for playing father Jacques in "The Mystery of the Yellow Room". Beaucarne's first single was recorded in 1964. 

Beaucarne died on 18 September 2021 at the age of 85.

Jolidee Matongo

Jolidee Matongo (1974 – 18 September 2021) was a South African politician. He was the Mayor of Johannesburg from 10 August 2021 until his death on 18 September 2021. Before, he was a member of the mayoral committee (MMC) for finance. Matongo was a member of the African National Congress. He was born in Soweto, South Africa.

Matongo died on 18 September 2021 in a car crash in Soweto.

Chris Anker Sørensen

Chris Anker Sørensen (; 5 September 1984 – 18 September 2021) was a Danish professional road bicycle racer. He rode professionally between 2005 and 2018. Sørensen then worked as a directeur sportif (and co-owner) for his final professional team. He was born in Hammel, Denmark. He raced at the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the 2012 Tour de France.

Sørensen was killed after being hit by a car on 18 September 2021 in Zeebrugge, Belgium at the age of 37.

Butterfly knife

A butterfly knife (or Balisong) is a type of pocket knife that originally came from the Philippines. It has two handles that rotate. When it is closed, the blades of the knife are completely hidden. Because it has often been used for crimes, many countries have made butterfly knifes illegal. 

James Bilbray

James Hubert Bilbray (May 19, 1938 – September 19, 2021) was an American politician, lawyer and businessman. He was the U.S. Representative for Nevada's 1st congressional district from 1987 to 1995. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Between 2014 and 2016, he was the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the USPS.

Bilbray was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. He studied at the American University. He was a member of the Nevada Senate between 1981 until 1987. Bilbray died on September 19, 2021 in Las Vegas at the age of 83.


Sylvano Bussotti

Sylvano Bussotti (1 October 1931 – 19 September 2021) was an Italian composer. His works were contemporary classical music. He was born in Florence, Italy. He was the artistic director of La Fenice, Venice. He was openly gay.

Bussotti died on 19 September 2021 at the age of 89.


Dinky Soliman

Corazon Victoria "Dinky" Nerves Juliano-Soliman (January 27, 1953 – September 19, 2021) was a Filipina politician, activist and social worker. She was Secretary of Social Welfare and Development twice during the Gloria Macapagal Arroyo presidency from 2001 to 2005 and Benigno Aquino III presidency from 2010 to 2016. Soliman was born in San Miguel, Tarlac City, Philippines.

Soliman died of problems caused by heart failure and kidney failure on September 19, 2021 in Quezon City, Philippines at the age of 68.

Maria Leopoldina of Austria

Dona Maria Leopoldina of Austria (22 January 1797 – 11 December 1826) was Empress of Brazil as the wife of Emperor Dom Pedro I from 12 October 1822 until her death. She was also Queen of Portugal during her husband's brief reign as King Dom Pedro IV from 10 March to 2 May 1826.

She was born "Caroline Josepha Leopoldine Franziska Ferdinanda of Habsburg-Lorraine, Archduchess of Austria" in Vienna, Austria, the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Francis II, and his second wife, Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily. Among her many siblings were Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria and Marie Louise, Duchess of Parma, the wife of Napoleon Bonaparte.

The education Maria Leopoldina had received in childhood and adolescence was eclectic and broad, with a higher cultural level and more consistent political training. Such education of the little princes and princesses of the Habsburg family was based on the educational belief initiated by their grandfather Holy Roman Emperor Leopold II, who believed "that children should be inspired from an early age to have high qualities, such as humanity, compassion and the desire to make people happy". With a deep Christian faith and a solid scientific and cultural background (which included international politics and notions of government) the Archduchess had been prepared from an early age to being a proper royal consort.

In the 21st century, it has been proposed by some historians that she was one of the main articulators of the process of Independence of Brazil that took place in 1822. Her biographer, historian Paulo Rezzutti, maintains that it was largely thanks to her that Brazil became a nation. According to him, the wife of Dom Pedro "embraced Brazil as her country, Brazilians as her people and Independence as her cause". She was also adviser to Dom Pedro on important political decisions that reflected the future of the nation, such as the "Dia do Fico" and the subsequent opposition and disobedience to the Portuguese courts regarding the couple's return to Portugal. Consequently, for governing the country on Dom Pedro's trips through the Brazilian provinces, she is considered the first woman to become head of state in an independent American country.

Quavo

Quavious Keyate Marshall, known as Quavo () (born April 2, 1991) is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer. He is a member of the trio Migos along with Kirshnik Ball (aka Takeoff) and Kiari Cephus (aka Offset). Quavo is based in the U.S. state of Georgia. He released his first album in 2018.

Quavo got into a fight with his ex-girlfriend Saweetie in an elevator.

On November 1, 2022 Quavo was playing dice with a group when a fight broke out that resulted in the shooting and killing of his nephew and member of Migos, Takeoff. Two additional victims were initially reported and their condition remains unclear.

Assignment in Brittany

Assignment in Brittany is a 1943 American World War II movie directed by Jack Conway and was based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Helen MacInnes. It stars Jean-Pierre Aumont, Susan Peters, Margaret Wycherly, Signe Hasso, Richard Whorf, Darryl Hickman, Sarah Padden, Reginald Owen and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Center of percussion

The center of percussion is the sweet spot in a sword or object that is swung, the centre of percussion is where the resonance in the object is nullified by the object.

Wee Willie Winkie (movie)

Wee Willie Winkie is a 1937 American adventure drama movie directed by John Ford and was based on the story by Rudyard Kipling. It stars Shirley Temple, Victor McLaglen, C. Aubrey Smith, Cesar Romero, June Lang, Brandon Hurst, Lionel Pape, Cyril McLaglen and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1938.


Phil Kluba

Phil Kluba is a Canadian recording artist and video producer based in Greater Toronto Area. Kluba is better known for producing music videos and live streams for Canadian singer ,​ and​ alt-rock band ​ under the banner of his media production company​ "​Press It".

Phil Kluba was born and raised in Greater Toronto Area. in 2012, he graduated with a degree in Audio Production & Engineering Diploma. In 2013, he received a grant from FACTOR Canada to produce his debut music video The Dirty Shore. In 2019, he arranged a media partnership with Facebook Canada and produced a live-streamed performance by MONOWHALES at Rolling Pictures in Toronto. Through his media production company Kluba has created content for brands such as Rogers Media, Warner Music Canada, Coalition Music, Canada’s Music Incubator and musical acts The Tragically Hip, Justin Nozuka, MONOWHALES, MKLA, The Tea Party.


When Willie Comes Marching Home

When Willie Comes Marching Home is a 1950 American World War II comedy movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1945 short story "When Leo Comes Marching Home" by Sy Gomberg. It stars Dan Dailey, Corinne Calvet, Colleen Townsend, William Demarest, Jimmy Lydon, Lloyd Corrigan and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951.


Two Sisters from Boston

Two Sisters from Boston is a 1946 American musical comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Kathryn Grayson, June Allyson, Peter Lawford, Jimmy Durante, Lauritz Melchior, Nella Walker. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Jakarta Post

The Jakarta Post is a widely circulated English language daily newspaper in Indonesia. The publication is owned by PT Niskala Media Tenggara and is based in Jakarta.

It started publishing since 25 April 1983.


Liam Walsh (rugby league)

Liam Walsh (12 September 1998 – 19 September 2021) was a professional rugby league footballer who played as a second-row forward for the Widnes Vikings in the Betfred Championship.

In 2017 he made his Super League début for Widnes against the Leeds Rhinos.


The Vanquished

The Vanquished is 1953 American western movie directed by Edward Ludwig and starring John Payne, Jan Sterling, Coleen Gray, Lyle Bettger, Willard Parker, Strother Martin, Ellen Corby, Ernestine Barrier. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Accidents Will Happen (movie)

Accidents Will Happen is a 1938 American drama movie directed by William Clemens and starring Ronald Reagan, Gloria Blondell, Dick Purcell, Sheila Bromley, Addison Richards, Hugh O'Connell, Elliott Sullivan, Anderson Lawler. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Khabarovsk

Khabarovsk () is a city in and the administrative center of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia. It has 618,150 people as of 2018.

Khabarovsk is located at the Amur River just below the city's confluence with the Ussuri. Khabarovsk was named after E.P. Khabarov, who made several undertaken journeys to the Amur River basin in the mid-17th century. Khabarovsk was founded in May 31,1858 as a military outpost. Khabarovsk's nodal position at the point at which the Trans-Siberian Railway crosses the Amur River made it an important focus of the Russian Far East, and at one time it administered the entire area to the Bering Strait, which connects Russia and North America. Modern Khabarovsk spreads across a series of small valleys and ridges perpendicular to the Amur.

Khabarovsk has an attractive waterfront park and long area and a mixture of modern apartment blocks, factories, and old, one-story wooden houses. It is a major industrial centre, with most enterprises located in the upstream district. They include large scale engineering and machine-building industries, oil refining, timber working, furniture making, and many light industries.
Khabarovsk has an institution of higher education, agricultural, medical, teacher-training, and railway-engineering institutes and several scientific-research establishments.

Evidence-based practice

Evidence-based practice (EBP) is the concept that any medical, psychological or educational practices should be proved by science. The spread of the idea started in 1990s with the formalization of evidence-based medicine due to medical research institutes, scholars and universities.

Pithecopus rohdei

Rohde's frog, Rohde's leaf frog, or Marten's leaf frog ("Pithecopus rohdei") is a frog that lives in southern Brazil, not high in the hills. People have seen it as high as 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out. Scientists say this is because it can live in different kinds of places.

This frog lays its eggs on leaves hanging over streams. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the stream.

Tibetan calendar

The Tibetan calendar, or the Tibetan lunar calendar is a calendar based on 12 or 13 phases of the moon, which starts with a new moon, or when the moon is completely dark. A lunar month is added every 2 or 3 years to equal the solar year.

The Tibetan New Years celebration is called Losar. According to almanacs, or yearly calendar with important dates, the year starts with the third Hor month, or the Third Mongolian month.

Every month, certain dates in the calendar are used for Buddhist practices. Similarly, certain months also have importance.

Years in the Tibetan calendar are similar to the Chinese zodiac, with animals signifying each year. The animals go as follows:

There are also elements. Each element goes as follows:

Each elements is associated with two years. First as male, and second as female. For example, a male Earth-Dragon year is followed by a female Earth-Snake year, then by a male Iron-Horse year.

During the time of the Tibetan Empire (7th – 9th century), Tibetan months were named according to the four seasons:

Since the 12th century, the months were named from the 12 animals in the Chinese zodiac:


With the introduction of the calendar of the ""Kalacakratantra"" in the second half of the 11th century, months were also named by lunar mansions. Within that, a full moon took place each month:

In the second half of the 13th century, a system was introduced of counting the month by ordinal numbers, also called the Hor month:

Numantia

Numantia (Spanish: "Numancia") was an ancient Celtiberian settlement. Its remains are located 7 km north of the city of Soria, on a hill known as "Cerro de la Muela" in the municipality of Garray.

Numantia is famous for its role in the Celtiberian Wars. It was a city that became famous for its resistance against the Roman armies.

The first human settlements in Numantia were established in the III millennium BC. Shepherds who made seasonal movements with their flocks inhabited this area. The area had a harsh climate but the pastures were rich.

Towards the 8th century BC., handmade ceramics were used in this settlement. From the 7th century BC., the settlement became a "castro". Around 350 BC., Numantia had many inhabitants and was born as a city. 

Roman authors don't agree on the people that lived there. Pliny the Elder believed it was the Pellendones. However, other authors, like Strabo and Ptolemy say in their writings that the city belongs to the Arevaci people.

In 153 BC, Numantia had its first serious conflict with Rome.

After 20 years of fighting, in 133 BC, the Roman Senate gave Scipio Aemilianus Africanus the task of destroying Numantia.

After 13 months of siege, the Numantians decided to burn the city before surrendering. The few survivors were sold as slaves. 

Numantia was rebuilt in the time of Augustus. It was repopulated with Celtiberians.

Today, Numancia is an archaeological site in the province of Soria.

It was declared a "Bien de Interés Cultural" (Site of Cultural Interest) on the 29th August 1882.

This site is being excavated by a group of archaeologists from the Complutense University of Madrid under the direction of Alfredo Jimeno. It receives funds from the Junta de Castile and León.

Since 2007 there is a controversy as the Junta of Castile and León allowed the construction of industrial estate near the ruins. Several institutions have protested against that plan despite the statement from official authorities saying that the remains won't be damaged.


Erzincan Binali Yıldırım University

Erzincan Binali Yıldırım University is a university in Erzincan, Turkey.

Scipio Aemilianus

Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus Aemilianus (185–129 BC) was a Roman general and statesman. He is commonly called Scipio Aemilianus, or Scipio the Younger. He became known because he was a successful general in the Third Punic War against Carthage. He was present, when Carthage was defeated and destroyed. He was also successful in the Numantine War in Spain. He also supported writers and philiosophers, called a patron. The most famous of these people he supported was probably the Greek historian Polybius. In politics, he opposed the populist reform program of his murdered brother-in-law, Tiberius Gracchus.


Cosmoglotta

Cosmoglotta is the central journal of the Interlingue movement.

Edgar von Wahl founded it in the year 1922 under the name "Kosmoglott". Since 1927 (number 38) the journal has the name "Cosmoglotta".

It is the official journal of the Interlingue-Union.


Senior Enlisted Advisor to the Chairman

The senior enlisted advisor to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (SEAC) is the most senior non-commissioned officer (NCO) in the United States Armed Forces.

Mary Hemings Bell

Mary Hemings Bell (1753-18??) was a woman from Virginia. She was the oldest child of Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings. History does not say who her father was, but it was not John Wayles. Mary Hemings was the half-sister of Sally Hemings and James Hemings. For part of her life, she was enslaved to Thomas Jefferson.

According to Mary Hemings' nephew, Madison Hemings, Mary Hemings' grandmother was a fully African woman and might have been born in Africa. She was enslaved to the Eppes family in Virginia. Historians do not know for sure what her name was. Papers with the names of enslaved women in the Eppes family include "Dinah," "Judy," "Abbie," "Sarah," "Parthenia," and others. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed said that there were many girls named "Thenia" in the Hemings family, and they might have been named after Parthenia. But she also says that "Sally" is a nickname for "Sarah," and there were many girls named "Sarah" and "Sally" in the Hemings family too.

Mary Hemings' mother was called Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings. Mary Hemings' nephew Madison Hemings told the story: Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman and her father was an English sea captain named Hemings. The sea captain tried to buy Elizabeth Hemings from her owner, but the owner said no. He said he wanted to see what a half-white, half-African child would look like. Then Captain Hemings tried to take the child away from the owner without paying, but someone told the owner about his plan. Captain Hemings left Virginia and did not come back.

Captain Hemings tried to take his daughter from one of the men in the Eppes family, but historians do not know which one because they do not know when Elizabeth Hemings was born. One paper says "about 1735." 

Elizabeth Hemings lived at the Eppes family's house, which was called Bermuda Hundred until 1746. That year, Martha Eppes married John Wayles. Elizabeth and other enslaved people went with Martha to Wayle's house as part of her marriage settlement. A marriage settlement was any property that a married woman could control and her husband couldn't. Technically, the Eppes family owned Elizabeth Hemings.

Elizabeth Hemings had many children. Mary Hemings was the oldest. History does not say who her father was. John Wayles was the father of six of Elizabeth Hemings' other children.

When Martha Wayles Skelton married Thomas Jefferson, Hemings and many people in her family went with Martha Skelton to Jefferson's house at Monticello. Mary Hemings was 19 or 20 years old.

Mary Hemings had four children while she lived at Monticello. Her son Joseph Fosset might have been then son of a free white man named William Fossett who also lived at Monticello. Historians do not know for sure what their relationship was like, but most of them think that if she named her son "Fosset," she must have liked him.

Thomas Jefferson gave Mary Hemings' two oldest children away. Daniel went to live with Jefferson's sister and Molly went to live with his daughter.

When Thomas Jefferson was in Paris as the United States Ambassador to France, Mary Hemings worked for a man named Thomas Bell who lived in Charlottesville, Virginia. She brought her children Joseph and Betsy with her. She had two more children at Bell's house. In 1792, Mary Hemings asked Thomas Jefferson to sell her to Bell, and he did. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed says this was a normal thing for Jefferson to do: To sell an enslaved person so they could live in the same place as someone else in their family. She writes that Jefferson knew Bell was the father of Hemings' young children but did not talk about it. He wrote to his manager, Nicholas Lewis, saying to "dispose of Mary according to her desire, with such of her younger children as she chose." He meant that Bell could buy Mary Hemings and his own children but not Mary Hemings' other children. They could not stay and live with Bell and their half-siblings. They had to go back to Monticello without their mother.

Mary lived with Bell until he died in 1800. He did not legally free her but he did unofficially free her. In his will, he left his property to their children. He wrote his will as if Mary and his children were free, and his neighbors respected it.

When Jefferson sold Mary Hemings to Thomas Bell, he did not let her keep her older children with her. They went back to his house at Monticello.

Children with earlier partners:

Children with Thomas Bell:

Ruth C. Sullivan

Ruth Christ Sullivan (April 20, 1924 – September 16, 2021) was an American organizer and activist. She was known for supporting education for people with autism. In 1965 Sullivan was one of the founders of the Autism Society of America.

Sullivan died in Huntington, West Virginia on September 16, 2021, at the age of 97.

Billy Maxwell

Billy Joe Maxwell (July 23, 1929 – September 20, 2021) was an American professional golfer. Maxwell was born in Abilene, Texas. He won the U.S. Amateur title in 1951. Maxwell won seven times on the PGA Tour. He also played on the 1963 Ryder Cup team and was elected to the Texas Golf Hall of Fame.

Maxwell died on September 20, 2021 at the age of 92.

Neil McCarthy (basketball)

Neil McCarthy (May 18, 1939 – September 18, 2021) was an American college basketball coach. He was head coach of the Weber State Wildcats team from 1974 to 1985 and at the New Mexico State Aggies from 1985 to 1997.

McCarthy died at his home in Salt Lake City, Utah on September 18, 2021 at the age of 81.

Smøla

Smøla is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is part of the Nordmøre region. 

Smøla is the 272nd most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 2,150.


Gudmund Restad

Gudmund Olav Restad (19 December 1937 – 18 September 2021) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Norwegian Centre Party. He was Minister of Finance from 1997 to 2000. He was Mayor of Smøla from 1980 to 1985. He was a member of the Storting between 1985 until 2001. He was born in Skaun, Norway.

Restad died on 18 September 2021 at the age of 83.

Skaun

Skaun is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway.

The city is the 297th largest by area and the 127th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 8,325.

Stephen Critchlow

Stephen Critchlow (16 November 1966 – September 2021) was a British actor. He was in episodes of "Torchwood" and "Doctor Who". He has also appeared in "" as Kenneth Horne. He also appeared in "Skins".

Critchlow died in September 2021, at the age of 54.

Robin Thede

Robin Thede ( ; born July 27, 1979) is an American comedian, actress and writer. In 2015, she became the first African-American woman to be head writer for a late-night talk show ("The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore"). 

From 2017 to 2018, Thede hosted "The Rundown with Robin Thede" on BET. She created and co-stars in the HBO series "A Black Lady Sketch Show".

Andre Braugher

Andre Keith Braugher (; July 1, 1962 – December 11, 2023) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Captain Raymond Holt in the police comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" (2013–2021), playing captain Raymond Holt. In 1998 and 2006, he won an Emmy Award. 

He also played Frank Pembleton in the police drama series "" (1993–1999) and used car salesman Owen Thoreau Jr. in the comedy-drama series "Men of a Certain Age" (2009–2011).

Braugher died on December 11, 2023 from lung cancer in South Orange, New Jersey at the age of 61.

Chelsea Peretti

Chelsea Vanessa Peretti (born February 20, 1978) is an American comedian, actress, television writer and singer-songwriter. She is best known for playing Gina Linetti in the comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine". She also wrote for "Parks And Recreation" and "Saturday Night Live".

Steve Davisson

Steve Davisson (1957/1958 – September 19, 2021) was an American politician and pharmacist. He was born in Salem, Indiana. He was a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives from 2010 until his death in 2021.

Davisson died on September 19, 2021 from cancer in Salem at the age of 63.

Ole Nordhaug

Ole Nordhaug (3 February 1925 – 19 September 2021) was a Norwegian Lutheran bishop. He was the first Bishop of the Diocese of Møre from its creation in 1983 until his retirement in 1991. He was born in Bolsøy, Norway. He became the Dean of the Fredrikstad Cathedral from 1977 until 1983.

Nordhaug died on 19 September 2021 in Oslo, Norway at the age of 96.

Betty Hemings

Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings (1735-1807) was a woman from Virginia. She was the mother of Sally Hemings and eleven other people. For part of her life, she was enslaved to Thomas Jefferson. Hers was the largest family to live at Monticello.

According to Elizabeth Hemings' grandson, Madison Hemings, her mother was a fully African woman and might have been born in Africa. She was enslaved to the Eppes family in Virginia. Historians do not know for sure what her name was. Papers with the names of enslaved women in the Eppes family include "Dinah," "Judy," "Abbie," "Sarah," "Parthenia," and others. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed said that there were many girls named "Thenia" in the Hemings family, and they might have been named after Parthenia, also spelled Parthena. But she also says that "Sally" is a nickname for "Sarah," and there were many girls named "Sarah" and "Sally" in the Hemings family too. So Elizabeth Hamings' mother's white name was probably Parthenia or Sarah.

Madison Hemings told the story: Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman and her father was an English sea captain named Hemings. The sea captain tried to buy Elizabeth Hemings from her owner when she was born. Even though he offered the owner a lot of money, the owner still said no. He said he wanted to see what a half-white, half-African child would look like. Then Captain Hemings tried to take the child away from the owner without paying, but someone told the owner about his plan. Captain Hemings left Virginia and did not come back.

Captain Hemings tried to take his daughter from one of the men in the Eppes family, but historians do not know which one because they do not know when Elizabeth Hemings was born. One paper says "about 1735."

Elizabeth Hemings lived at the Eppes family's house, which was called Bermuda Hundred until 1746. That year, Martha Eppes married John Wayles. Elizabeth and other enslaved people went with Martha to Wayle's house as part of her marriage settlement. A marriage settlement was any property that a married woman could control and her husband couldn't. Technically, the Eppes family owned Elizabeth Hemings.

Elizabeth Hemings lived as a house servant. That means she did not grow tobacco or cotton in the fields like other enslaved people in Virginia did. Historians think that Elizabeth Hemings' job with the Wayles family was to help raise Martha Wayles, later Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson. After Johyn Wayles' wife died, he made Elizabeth Hemings his concubine, which means they had a sexual relationship but he did not free her or marry her. Historians do not know how Elizabeth Hemings felt about this.

When Martha Wayles Skelton married Thomas Jefferson, Hemings and many people in her family went with Martha Skelton to Jefferson's house at Monticello. Historians think Elizabeth Hemings took care of Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson when she became sick and that she was there when she died.

In the last years of her life, Elizabeth Hemings moved to a small house partway down the mountain, away from the main house of Monticello and from her children and grandchildren. She lived next to free working families. She raised vegetables and chickens. Later, archaeologists would find that she owned many pieces of good porcelain China.

Elizabeth Hemings died at the age of 72. According to Madison Hemings, he was three years old, and he tried to give her some bread to eat. Elizabeth Hemings' last words to him were, "Granny don't want bread no more."

John Wayles was the father of six of Elizabeth Hemings' children. After moving to Monticello, Elizabeth Hemings also had at least one child with Joseph Neilson, a white carpenter who worked for Thomas Jefferson.

Children with an unknown partner, probably a black man:


Children with John Wayles:

Children with Joseph Neilson, known:


Children with Joseph Neilson, possible:


Marina Tucaković

Marina Tucaković (; 4 November 1953 – 19 September 2021) was a Serbian songwriter. She wrote many hit albums and wrote over 4,000 songs. She wrote for Slađana Milošević, Oliver Mandić and Zana. Many of her songs were performed at the Eurovision Song Contest. She was born in Belgrade.

In 2018, Tucaković was diagnosed with breast cancer. She died on 19 September 2021 from COVID-19 at a hospital in Belgrade, aged 67.

Labelle

Labelle is an American all-female singing group who were a popular vocal group of the 1960s and 1970s. The founding members were Patti LaBelle (formerly Patricia Holt), Cindy Birdsong, Nona Hendryx, and Sarah Dash.

The group members each went on their own after the end of a tour in 1976. 


Sarah Dash

Sarah Dash (August 18, 1945 – September 20, 2021) was an American singer-songwriter and actress. Her career began as a member of Patti LaBelle & The Bluebelles. Dash worked for LaBelle, The Rolling Stones, and Keith Richards. She was born in Trenton, New Jersey. She appeared in the movie "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band".

Dash died, aged 76, on September 20, 2021.

Nona Hendryx

Nona Hendryx (born October 9, 1944) is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, musician, author, and actress.

Hendryx is known for her work as a solo artist as well as for being one-third of the trio Labelle. She sang the hit "Lady Marmalade." She is a distant cousin of Jimi Hendrix.

Hendryx is bisexual.


2021 Cumbre Vieja volcanic eruption

The 2021 Cumbre Vieja volcanic eruption was a volcanic eruption of Cumbre Vieja on the island of La Palma, one of the most active volcanoes in the Canary Islands, Spain. It is the first volcanic eruption on the island since the eruption of Teneguía in 1971. At 85 days, it is the longest known eruption of a volcano on La Palma.

The eruption began at 16:12 UTC on 19 September 2021 in a forested area called Cabeza de Vaca.

An earthquake swarm started on 11 September, which led to the volcanic eruption on 19 September.

Around 300 people from the local area were evacuated shortly after the eruption.

The eruption led to the evacuation of more than 8,000 people, and the lava has destroyed more than 3,000 buildings.

It is the most damaging volcanic eruption on La Palma since records began.

Initially, when the eruption started, it had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 0, when it was a purely lava eruption. But with the ashfall that began a week later, the Volcanic Explosivity Index of the eruption rose to 2.

On 28 September, at around 23:02 UTC, the lava flow reached the sea at the Perdido Beach.

On 20 November, the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) was upgraded from VEI 2 to VEI 3, when the ashfall reached 10 million m³.

On 12 December, the volcanic eruption broke the local record, when it reached 85 days of continuous activity. The eruption is the longest known eruption of a volcano on La Palma. Previously, the eruption of the Tajuya volcano in 1585 was the longest at 84 days. No reliable data is available about earlier volcanic eruptions, before Spanish colonization of La Palma in the 15th century.

On 13 December, the volcanic eruption stopped. Noting weak seismicity and zero tremors, scientists said that a resumption of the eruption is highly unlikely, giving locals hope that it is over.

On 25 December 2021, after 12 days with no activity from the volcano, the eruption was officially declared to have ended.

Killing of Gabby Petito

Gabrielle Venora Petito (March 19, 1999 – August 27, 2021) was an American woman from Suffolk County, New York, who was reported missing on September 11, 2021. Her body was found on September 19 in Wyoming with her cause of death being a homicide. Her partner, Brian Laundrie, was the main suspect behind her death. He was found dead on October 20, 2021.

Petito was traveling across the United States with her fiancé. Her family lost contact with her in late August when she was in or near Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming. Her fiancé, Brian Laundrie, is missing and wanted for questioning in her disappearance and death.

On September 19, 2021, authorities said they found a body that matched what Petito looked like. It was discovered in Bridger–Teton National Forest, Wyoming. Two days later it was confirmed that the remains were Petito's and, based on reports from an autopsy, it was reported that her cause of death was homicide. In October, her death was determined to have occurred three to four weeks before her body was found with the cause being homicide by strangulation.

Police officials are searching for Petito's ex-fiance Brian Laundrie, was missing beginning on September 14. He was the main suspect in her death. On September 22, the Federal Bureau of Investigation issued a warrant for Laundrie's arrest on charges of debit card fraud.

On October 20, Laundrie's remains and some of his belongings were found at a park in North Port, Florida, that had recently been underwater due to flooding.

Solomon Northup

Solomon Northup (July 10, – ) was an American abolitionist. He wrote the memoir "Twelve Years a Slave". He was born as a free African American. He was a farmer and a professional violinist. He owned land in Washington County, New York. 

In 1841, he was offered a traveling musician's job. He went to Washington, D.C., where slavery was legal. He was drugged, kidnapped, and sold as a slave. He was taken to New Orleans and was a slave for 12 years in Louisiana. 

He remained a slave until he met Samuel Bass, a Canadian working on his plantation who helped send letters to New York. New York state law helped New York citizens who had been kidnapped and sold into slavery. His family and friends got help from the Governor of New York, Washington Hunt, and Northup got his freedom again on January 3, 1853.

Northup traveled through the United States making speeches about what happened to him. He did this because he wanted voters to end slavery. Northup wrote his speeches down as a book, "12 Years a Slave", and Derby published it in 1853. Northup's book was published one year after "Uncle Tom's Cabin" by Harriet Beecher Stowe. By then, people were saying that surely Beecher Stowe had only made up how bad slavery was. Northup dedicated the book to Beecher Stowe. He and Derby both said "12 Years a Slave" helped prove that Beecher Stowe had not lied about slavery being bad. They called it "Another "Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin"."

Northup is believed to have died in 1863 as that was when he was last seen or heard of.



The Muppet Movie

The Muppet Movie is a 1979 musical road comedy movie directed by James Frawley and produced by Jim Henson. It was written by "The Muppet Show" writers Jerry Juhl and Jack Burns. This marks the first appearance of Elmo.

Kermit and friends joined All the many Muppets more people, animals, monsters and aliens and whatever.

The Great Muppet Caper

The Great Muppet Caper is a British-American musical comedy movie released in 1981. It is the second movie in the muppets franchise and the first to be directed by Jim Henson.


The Muppets Take Manhattan

