The Muppets Take Manhattan is the third Muppet feature movie, came out in 1984. It was directed by Frank Oz.

Recess (TV series)

Recess is an American animated television series created by Paul Germain and Joe Ansolabehere (credited as "Paul and Joe") and produced by Walt Disney Television Animation, with animation done by Grimsaem, Anivision, Plus One Animation, Sunwoo Animation, and Toon City. The series focuses on six elementary school students and their interaction with other classmates and teachers. The title refers to the recess period during the daily schedule, in the North American tradition of educational schooling, when students are not in lessons and are outside in the schoolyard. During recess, the children form their own society, complete with government and a class structure, set against the backdrop of a regular school.

Recess portrays the lives of six fourth graders—cheeky and popular lovable rogue Theodore Jasper "T.J." Detweiler (Ross Malinger, Andrew Lawrence), Jock Vince LaSalle (Rickey D'Shon Collins), tomboy Ashley Spinelli (Pamela Adlon), wise fool Mikey Blumberg (Jason Davis), geek Gretchen Grundler (Ashley Johnson), and awkward new kid Gus Griswald (Courtland Mead)—as they go about their daily lives in a school environment at Third Street Elementary School located in Little Rock, Arkansas.[4][5] A major satirical point of the show is that the community of students at school is a microcosm of traditional human society complete with its own government, class system, and set of unwritten laws. They are ruled by a monarch, a sixth grader named King Bob, who has various enforcers to make sure his decrees are carried out. The society has a long list of rigid values and social norms that imposes a high expectation of conformity upon all the students.


Millard Sheets

Millard Owen Sheets (June 24, 1907 – March 31, 1989) was an American artist, teacher, and architectural designer. He was one of the earliest of the California Scene Painting artists and helped define the art movement. Many of his large-scale building-mounted mosaics from the mid-20th century are still extant in Southern California. His paintings are in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Whitney Museum in New York, the Chicago Art Institute, the National Gallery in Washington D.C.; and the Los Angeles County Museum.

Millard Sheets was born June 24, 1907, and grew up in the Pomona Valley, east of Los Angeles. He is the son of John Gosper Sheets and (1878 – 1947) and Marilla Mae Owen (1883 – 1907). He attended the Chouinard Art Institute and studied with painters Frank Tolles Chamberlin and Clarence Hinkle. While he was still a teenager, his watercolors were accepted for exhibition in the annual California Water Color Society show. By the age of 19, he was elected into membership of the California Water Color Society. The following year he was hired to teach watercolor painting even before his graduation from Chouinard.

In 1929 he won second prize in the Texas Wildflowers Competitive Exhibitions, and the generous award allowed Sheets to travel to Europe for a year to further his art education. By the early 1930s he began to achieve national recognition as a prominent American artist. He was exhibiting in Paris, New York City, Pittsburgh, Chicago, Houston, St. Louis, San Antonio, San Francisco, Washington D.C., Baltimore, and many other cities throughout the United States. In Los Angeles he was recognized as the leading figure and driving force behind the California Style watercolor movement.

Between 1935 and 1941, his recognition, awards, and output increased, winning him repeated mention in "Art Digest" and a color reproduction of his work in the book "Eyes on America". In 1935 at age 28, he was the subject of a monograph published in Los Angeles. His art sales enabled him to travel again to Europe, Central America, and Hawaii, where he painted on location. Although his watercolor techniques during this period ranged from very tight to very loose, a consistent, he nevertheless exhibited a personal style.

During World War II, he was an artist-correspondent for "Life Magazine" and the United States Army Air Forces in India and Burma. Many of his works from this period document the scenes of famine, war, and death that he witnessed. His wartime experience also informed his post-war art for a number of years, where while painting in California and Mexico in the 1940s his work followed dark hues and depressing subjects. After the 1950s his style shifted toward brighter colors and subjects from his worldwide travels.

Watercolor and oil painting were only part of Sheets's art career. Through his teaching at Chouinard Art Institute, Otis Art Institute, Scripps College and other institutions, hundreds of artists learned how to paint, and were then guided into art careers. He directed the art exhibition at the Los Angeles County Fair for many years and brought world-class work to Southern California. During the Great Depression, he joined forces with Edward Bruce to hire artists for the Public Works of Art Project, the first New Deal art project. In 1946, he served as a president of the California Water Color Society. In later years, he worked as an architect, illustrator, muralist, printmaker, and art exhibition juror.
Outside of California, he took on commissions for the Detroit Public Library, the Mayo Clinic, the dome of the National Shrine, the University of Notre Dame library, the Hilton Hotel in Honolulu, and the Mercantile National Bank in Dallas.

In 1953, Sheets was appointed director of Otis Art Institute (later named Otis College of Art and Design). Under his leadership, the school's academic program was restructured to offer BFA and MFA degrees, and a ceramics department was created, headed by Peter Voulkos. During that time, a ceramics building, gallery, library, and studio wing were completed. By the time Sheets left Otis in 1962, the form and direction of the college had changed dramatically.

The Millard Sheets Art Center first began as the Fine Arts Program of the Los Angeles County Fair in 1922. The 20,000+ square-foot art center was built in 1937 by the Works Progress Administration to house the program, the first major gallery dedicated solely to art in Los Angeles County. Each year, the gallery provided visitors to the Los Angeles County Fair with access to art work found throughout the world. In 1994 the building was dedicated to Millard Sheets and in 2013 was identified by Fairplex as the home for year-round art education and exhibitions and is currently a part of The Learning Centers at Fairplex.

In the late 1950s, Sheets was commissioned by Howard F. Ahmanson to design Home Savings Bank branches throughout Southern California that would serve as community landmarks by expressing "community values" or presenting "a celebratory version of the community history." To accomplish this goal, Sheets designed his branch buildings with exterior façades containing large mosaic works depicting local heritage.

The Ahmanson commissions multiplied to include more than 80 branch buildings after the initial 1955 commission. Sheets resigned his teaching position at Scripps College and established the Sheets Studio in Claremont, California, employing a series of artists.

Sheets produced these mosaics as commercial commissions, and he rarely titled them. Nevertheless, they are now considered official public art and are titled by their images or theme. Although they enjoy some protections under the California Arts Preservation Act, many have been destroyed. The following Sheets Studio mosaics in Southern California have survived deterioration and demolition:


Sheets died on March 31, 1989 at his home in Anchor Bay in Mendocino County, California after a longtime illness. A service was held at his home and at the First Unitarian Church of San Diego.


Charles Reid

Charles Clark Reid (August12,1937 June1,2019) was an American painter, illustrator, and teacher, notable for his watercolor style. He has won numerous national and international awards for both his watercolor and oil works, and also hosted many workshops in the US and abroad. He has had numerous books published, instructional DVDs and created a postage stamp and an iconic ad campaign with his watercolor depictions. His watercolor works and oil paintings are in private and college museum collections.

Reid became interested in painting at the age of 14 when his parents encouraged him by letting him use a room in the family home for his art. His father gave him illustrated history books and books about Charles Marion Russell and Frederic Remington, both known for their paintings of the American Old West. Reid's father enrolled him in a correspondence course at the Famous Artists School, when he was 16 years old. Reid also attended South Kent School and the University of Vermont (1955-1957).

Disillusioned while at the University of Vermont he enrolled in the Art Students League of New York, while in Manhattan from 1957 to 1959. He met Frank J. Reilly there, who became his teacher.

He was invited to exhibit in New York City at the ROKO Gallery and at the FAR Gallery during 10 years in the 70s until its closure in 1979.

Although not a member of the American Watercolor Society, they exhibited Reid's work four times: in 1973 with "Sleeping Girl," in 1975 with "Miss Goodman", in 1978 with "Narda," and in 1984 with "Mary". Reid won the Samuel J. Bloomingdale Memorial Award with "Miss Goodman" and the High Winds Award with "Narda."

In 1975, he won the American Academy of Arts and Letters' Childe Hassam, Speicher, Betts, and Symons Purchase Fund Award with "Wally." He won the same award again in 1976 with "In the Studio."

In 1975, he was admitted as an Associate at the American National Academy of Design, and in 1983 he became an Academician.


He joined the National Academy of Design in 1980.

In 1983, he was awarded a silver medal from the Society of Illustrators.

In 1988 he joined the Century Association.

In 2013, he won a gold medal at the annual Portrait Society of America, "The Art of The Portrait" International Conference. The Gold Medal is awarded to "individuals whose work has revolutionized the practice and influenced others". Reid also won "The Purchase Award" at the second "Shanghai Zhujiajiao International Watercolor Biennial Exhibition" (also called Shanghai International Biennial Exhibition) in 2013.

He has been exhibited in major institutions including The Butler Institute of Fine Art and the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 

Reid's works are found:


Charles Reid was a pupil of Frank Reilly who was tutored by professor of drawing George Bridgman and by Franck-Vincent DuMond, both of whom were influenced and connected to the French academic style of the late 19th century. Reilly passed on these influences to Reid. Both Bridgman and DuMond had studied at the Ecole des Beaux Arts de Paris and at the Académie Julian.
Reid received teachings based on the contributions of the great pictorial movements and his art is influenced by French impressionists like Edouard Manet, whose simplification of forms he appreciated. As Amanda Apostol said he also refers to the Nabis and particularly Edouard Vuillard, Pierre Bonnard, and Toulouse Lautrec, who Reid also counts among his favorite painters. He took from them the use of pure colors for half and midtones values, and the absence of a center of interest.

Reid was also influenced by American post-impressionists such as John Singer Sargent, Winslow Homer and the more contemporary Fairfield Porter, Andrew Wyeth and Joan Mitchell.

While on his honeymoon in Madeira, he met George Jacobs (1926-2002) who colored pen and ink drawings with watercolor. George Jacob's method of painting with watercolor relies heavily on pen lines. In this early period they took daily van trips, painting street scenes and landscapes with Reid first copying Jacobs' style.

When Reid came back to the US in 1964, at twenty-seven he took a job teaching at the Famous Artists School becoming the youngest instructor employed there. At the time, there had been no watercolor instruction. At the end of 4 years, he was asked to set up a figure class in watercolor with no experience other than the month with George Jacobs. His supervisor, Frank Jones, gave him a brief demonstration of a tugboat, highlighting the wet-in-wet technique, and in how to deal with his edges to improve his watercolor technique. That was enough to help create this weekly figure class.

He taught for 10 years at the correspondence school, and he spent each day at the easel. This work served as the basis for his first book "Figure Painting in Watercolor". Its publication in 1973 put him in the forefront of people's mind as a watercolorist.

Charles Reid found inspiration in the fashion illustrations of Dorothy Hood, which he admired for her direct and simple style.

In the late 70's and 80's he traveled a great deal and spent time in airports where he developed his contour drawing skill by drawing fellow passengers waiting for flights.

His work was simple and direct. For portraits he used contour drawings to connect the figure to the background. As a pupil of F. Reilly he focused his works on drawing and usage of perfecting tonal value in his painting.

In the book by JM Parramon, "Creative Watercolor", the author set out the technical elements that establish the singularity of Charles Reid's style. The contour-drawing and his way of applying the color. According to Parramon his paintings show how he "associates the precision of the form to the ease of the line and the color".

His watercolor technique was unconventional. He painted from mid-darks to lights rather than starting light and going dark. He used alla-prima approach, and didn't glaze, which is the traditional way to paint watercolor. He only glazed sometimes for the features of the figures.

Charles Reid perceived still life in an abstract way, seeing large splot of light and dark. Then he put paint as a diagram of colors in order to establish the color combination of his painting.

He painted directly onto paper, with the intention of getting the right value and color on the first try. This contributes to the sense of spontaneity and freshness to his work. Although not necessarily happy with mistakes, he considered them to be essential in retaining a sense of freshness, suggesting things are "alive".

Contrary to what his style suggests, he worked in a meticulous manner avoiding overworking, each brushstroke counts, and he deals with edges. He considers painting a "happening", like jazz. To "American Artist" he said, "The more you know the more you can improvise". He starts each painting like a new experience, pretending he does not know how to paint.

He looked at his watercolors more as poems that are completed after an hour or two, whereas his oils were like novels that required a more detailed depiction of the scene. Reid was a studio painter and a plein-air painter, but he tended to prefer the warmth of the south light, thinking it worked well for him.

On March 18, 1972, Reid was the first to design an 8 cent US Postal Service stamp that highlighted Family Planning, issued in New York City. It's a vertical stamp showing a family group (husband, wife, daughter and son) walking forward. His inspiration for the painting came from a family photograph.

He painted the illustration for the L.L. Bean Maine Hunting Boot, which has been widely used in advertising in their catalogs, on truck sides and on large cubes throughout stores. The painting also appears on the cover of "The Making of an American Icon" by Leon Gorman about his experience as the grandson of the founder of L.L. Bean.

He illustrated a limited edition of John Steinbeck's "The Grapes Of Wrath" published in 1978 by Franklin Library. 

Further collaborations appeared in "American Heritage", "Harper's", "Sports Afield", "Reader's Digest Books" and the "Franklin Press."

As a teacher, Reid hosted fifteen to twenty workshops a year over thirty-five to forty years. He wrote twelve books, eleven of which are about watercolor. He made nine instructional DVDs:


He judged in numerous painting exhibitions as well.




Malabar Headland National Park

The Malabar Headland National Park is a national park on the coast of New South Wales, Australia . It is around 13 kilometres southeast of Sydney CBD in the Local Government Area Randwick City near Malabar . With an area of 18 hectares, it is the smallest national park in the state.

"Malabar Headland" is a headland and has a size of 1.77 km².

The area of the headland has been mainly used for agriculture since the European settlement. Later, the Europeans built residential and military buildings and also practiced shooting and equestrian sports on the site. During World War II, "Malabar Headland" was fortified for military defence purposes. The historic facilities are now a listed building. There is also a large target practice area on the peninsula called the "ANZAC Rifle Range", which is still in use today.

On the headland, one of the few areas in the south of Sydney with its original landscape, with a vegetation of different species in the form of Banksia bushes, has largely been preserved. There are also small heathlands and other plants that grow on the sandstone cliffs.

In National Park and on the peninsula a subspecies was a bat "(Miniopterus schreibersii oceanensis)" demonstrated further grey head flying foxes "(Pteropus poliocephalus)" pezoporus "(Pezoporus wallicus wallicus)," sooty oystercatcher "(Haematopus fuliginosus)" and the high-risk Gold Rosella "(Neophema chrysogaster" ). 

Hiking trails lead through the national park. The Hawkesbury sandstone cliffs drop vertically into the sea for spectacular views.

The national park is administered by the "La Perouse Local Aboriginal Land Council" .


Laurel and Hardy

Laurel and Hardy were a comedy duo act during the early Classical Hollywood era of American cinema, consisting of Englishman Stan Laurel (1890–1965) and American Oliver Hardy (1892–1957). From the late 1920s to the mid-1940s, they were internationally famous for their slapstick comedy, with Laurel playing the clumsy, childlike friend to Hardy's pompous bully. Their signature theme song, known as "The Cuckoo Song", "Ku-Ku", or "The Dance of the Cuckoos" (by Hollywood composer T. Marvin Hatley) was heard over their films' opening credits, and became as emblematic of them as their bowler hats. Mae Busch 

The New Scooby-Doo Movies

The New Scooby-Doo Movies is an American animated mystery comedy television series produced by Hanna-Barbera for CBS. It is the second animated television series in the studio's "Scooby-Doo" franchise, and follows the first incarnation, "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!" It premiered on September 9, 1972, and ended on October 27, 1973, running for two seasons on CBS as the only hour-long "Scooby-Doo" series. Twenty-four episodes were produced, 16 for the 1972–73 season and eight more for the 1973–74 season.

"Main article: List of The New Scooby-Doo Movies episodes"

List of The New Scooby-Doo Movies episodes

This is a list of episodes from "The New Scooby-Doo Movies" television series. The episode titles given reflect Hanna-Barbera studio records and "TV Guide" listings. 



Scooby-Doo and Guess Who?

Scooby-Doo and Guess Who? is a children's television series produced by Warner Bros. Animation and the thirteenth television series in the "Scooby-Doo" franchise. The series is produced by Chris Bailey.

The show first premiered on Boomerang's SVOD service on June 27, 2019, before making its debut on Cartoon Network on July 8, 2019, and on Boomerang on October 1, 2020.

Following a similar premise to "The New Scooby-Doo Movies", the series focuses on the Mystery Inc. gang as they solve mysteries while encountering and being assisted by various celebrities and fictional characters, including crossovers with DC Comics and Hanna-Barbera characters.



Fictional guest characters include The Hex Girls, Steve Urkel, Wonder Woman, Sherlock Holmes, Batman, Alfred Pennyworth, Joker, Flash, Trickster, Magilla Gorilla, the Ghost of Abraham Lincoln, Blue Falcon and Dynomutt and the characters from "The Funky Phantom".



Darci Lynne

Darci Lynne Farmer (born October 12, 2004) is an American ventriloquist, singer, and actress. Born in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, she developed interests in singing from a young age but was held back by her shyness before audiences. Inspired by performances by ventriloquists, including the performances of Terry Fator, she developed a talent for ventriloquism, combining this with her skill at singing when performing in a local talent competition with her first puppet in 2014.

Steve Urkel

Steve Urkel is a fictional character. He appeared on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters". Actor Jaleel White played him until the show ended in 1997.

Steve Urkel was a breakout character. That means the original idea was that he would be in only one episode. But the viewers liked him so much that he became most popular character on the show. He gradually became its main character.

Urkel's annoying manners and silliness cause strange events that move the story forward. The other characters, the Winslow family, consider him a nuisance, though they come to accept him over time. Carl Winslow often yells. "Go home, Steve!" Steve answers, "I don't have to take this. I'm going home."

Steve Urkel wears big red glasses. He has a high-pitched voice and snorts when he laughs. He wears his pants too high up on his waist. He is in love with the oldest Winslow daughter, Laura. Laura often tells him that she does not like him, but he does not listen. Many of the episodes of "Family Matters" are about Urkel trying to convince Laura to be his girlfriend.

He is also one of the smartest students in the school that he goes to with Eddie and Laura Winslow. He can make inventions that are almost magical.


Kate Micucci

Kate Micucci (born March 31, 1980) is an American actress, comedian and musician who is half of the musical comedy duo Garfunkel and Oates. Some of her roles include Stephanie Gooch in "Scrubs", Shelley in "Raising Hope", Lucy in "The Big Bang Theory", Sadie Miller in "Steven Universe", Sara Murphy in "Milo Murphy's Law", Daisy in "Nature Cat", Clayface in "The Lego Batman Movie", Velma Dinkley in "Scooby-Doo", Webby Vanderquack in "DuckTales", Terri in "Amphibia", and Dr. Fox in "Unikitty!"
Warner Bros. Animation

Warner Bros. Animation is an American animation studio owned by the Global Kids, Young Adults, and Classics division of Warner Bros. Entertainment. The studio is closely associated with the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" characters, among others. The studio is the successor to Warner Bros. Cartoons, the studio which produced "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" cartoon shorts from 1933 to 1963, and from 1967 to 1969. Warner reestablished its animation division in 1980 to produce new animated content, including works related to Looney Tunes.

Main article: List of Warner Bros. Animation franchises

Main article: List of Warner Bros. Animation movies and specials

Main article: List of Warner Bros. Animation’s Other TV Series

Spring Song (1946 movie)

Spring Song is a 1946 British drama movie directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Peter Graves, Carole Raye, Leni Lynn, Finlay Currie, Alan Wheatley, Maire O'Neill, Gerhard Kempinski.

Dorrigo National Park

Dorrigo National Park is a national park in the Australian state of New South Wales, around 580 km north of Sydney. It is located on the B78 Waterfall Way in the Great Dividing Range between Armidale and Coffs Harbour, and two kilometres east of Dorrigo.

The park was opened on January 1967, and was established October 1967 and covers an area of 119 km². The operator is the "New South Wales National Parks and Wildlife Service". The park is part of "Australia's Gondwana Rainforests", one of several protected areas totalling 3,665 km² of world natural heritage listed by UNESCO since 1986.

In the park there is the “Skywalk”, a walk-on platform in and above the treetops, from which bird watching is possible.


Sydney Harbour National Park

The Sydney Harbour National Park is a national park in the Australian state of New South Wales. The protection of the park was announced in 1975. Between 1978 to 1984, the area of the park was enlarged several times.

The national park is in the middle of metropolitan Sydney with an area of about 3.93 km². This area is spread over various areas around Sydney Harbor and several islands, such as B. Bradleys Head, Middle and Georges Heads, North Head, South Head and Harbour Island. 

About 40 % of the area is taken up by heather areas, which are partially overgrown by natural tree vegetation. About 25 % of the area - especially in protected locations with deep soils - can be described as woodland. Another 15% eucalyptus forests grow.

In the national park there are mainly nocturnal mammals, including gray-headed flying foxes, large long-nosed bucks, Stuart broad-footed pouches, the golden-bellied swimming rat, cusus, ringbucks, echins and bats.

Around 150 bird species have been observed in the national park so far, 44 also breed here, including the Cormorant, masked lapwing, white-bellied sea eagle and gray-headed falcon . There is also a breeding colony of the little penguins here.

Long before Australia became a British colony, the area around Sydney Harbor was inhabited by the Aboriginal groups of the Eora, Guringai and Dharug . That changed soon after the arrival of the first European settlers and prisoners. In order to make way for the development of the colony, the Aborigines were pushed further and further from their traditional settlement and hunting areas. Many died of previously unknown diseases such as smallpox or were even killed. Around the middle of the 19th By the mid-19th century, the Aborigines were almost displaced from the Sydney area. 


Bob Faehn

Bob Faehn (April 2, 1958 – September 13, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 2005 to 2011. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Faehn died of cancer on September 13, 2021, in Watertown, South Dakota at the age of 63.

Barrington Tops National Park

Barrington Tops National Park is a 745 km² large national park in the Australian state of New South Wales, about 270 km north of Sydney .

Barrington Tops is a plateau that stretches between two peaks of the "Mount Royal Ranges", part of the Great Dividing Range. It also forms the watershed between the Hunter and Manning Rivers. Barrington Tops sits on top of a volcano and reaches an altitude of 1586 m.

At 3 December 1969 the region between "Mount Barrington", "Mount Royal" and the "Gloucester Tops was" declared a national park. Since 1982 the park has been listed as part of the Gondwana rainforests of Australia as a UNESCO World Heritage Site; as such, it is the southernmost of the affiliated national parks.

The Barrington Tops area was home to various Aboriginal countries, namely the "Worimi" and "Biripi" in the east and the "Wonnarua" in the west.

From around 1820, European settlers began to settle in the region, using the areas to cut logs and as grazing land for cattle. Gold was also searched here.

In the early 20th In the 19th century, tourism became popular through horse riding, hunting and fishing. "The Barrington Club", founded in 1948, campaigned for nature conservation. In 1959 the first areas were placed under protection.

The park includes ecosystems of tropical rainforest in the protected valleys and gorges at heights between 400 and 600 m. At altitudes of 700 to 1400 m there is cool temperate rainforest, where "Nothofagus moorei" predominates. This is followed by an alpine zone with alpine woodland and subalpine peat bogs in the summit regions.

Eucalyptus forests with various species predominate across all heights: Sydney and Messmate eucalyptus dominate the valleys and on the slopes, and the southern beech also dominates the higher areas. On the other hand, the cold-resistant snow eucalyptus predominates on the plateau.

Thanks to the remote, inaccessible location of the park, a diverse fauna including some species that have already been considered extinct has been preserved. A butterfly, three spider species, three worm species and the crustacean "Crenoicus harrisoni" are endemic to the park.

Eastern gray kangaroos, red-necked wallabies, red-necked filanders and bare-nosed wombats also occur. Nocturnal mammals are also present. Echidna and platypus also find their habitat here. The koala is difficult to observe, the Australian mouse "Pseudomys oralis is a critically" endangered species. The Australian wide-toothed rat occurs only in a few places in Australia.

Birds include lyre-tails, cockatoos, flat-tailed parakeets, kookaburras, strangler crows and grouse . The black cockatoo is rarely seen. The most common reptiles encounted here are the black otter, tiger otter, copper-headed snake and brown snake .


Perm State University

Perm State University (now Perm State National Research University), is in the city of Perm, Perm Krai, Russia. It was founded in 1916. It is one of the oldest universities in Ural Russia. Its rector is Igor Makarikhin.

A mass shooting happened at the university on 20 September 2021. Six people died and many more wounded.

The university name in Russian is , , romanised: , ) or PSU, PSNRU (, , romanised: , )

Perm State University shooting

On 20 September 2021, a mass shooting happened at Perm State University, in the city of Perm, Perm Krai, Russia. Six people were killed and 29 more injured.

The suspected attacker, Timur Bekmansurov, was injured and arrested.

Burgundian language (Oïl)

The Burgundian language is an Oïl language spoken in Burgundy and particularly in the Morvan area of the region.

It is also known by French names Bourguignon-morvandiau, Bourguignon, and Morvandiau, 

Burgundian has being in contact with Germanic languages in several occasions:

The Arpitan language has influenced dialects of the south along the Saône river, such as Brionnais-Charolais.

Very little literature from before the 19th century has survived. In 1854 the Papal Bull "Ineffabilis Deus" was translated into two Burgundian dialects:

By the end of the 19th century, some writers created an original literature:


Visigothic Kingdom

The Visigothic Kingdom was a kingdom in what is now southwestern France and the Iberian Peninsula from the 5th to the 8th centuries.

It was created when Visigoths under King Wallia entered the Roman province of Gallia Aquitania. The kingdom was expanded when the Visigoths conquered Hispania.

Jan Jindra

Jan Jindra (6 March 1932 – 20 September 2021) was a Czech rower. He competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He won a gold medal in 1952 and a bronze medal in 1960. Jindra was born in Třeboň, present-day Czech Republic.

Jindra died on 20 September 2021 in Prague at the age of 89.

Třeboň

Třeboň (; ) is a spa town in Jindřichův Hradec District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. About 8,200 people live there.

The Blue Dahlia

The Blue Dahlia is a 1946 American crime thriller movie directed by George Marshall and starring Alan Ladd, Veronica Lake, William Bendix, Howard Da Silva, Doris Dowling, Hugh Beaumont, Tom Powers, Howard Freeman. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1947.


Berowra Valley National Park

Berowra Valley National Park is a national park, about 39 kilometres north of Sydney CBD in New South Wales, Australia . It is located in the greater Sydney area. The Parramatta suburb is around 17 kilometres away.

The 38.76 km² Berowra Valley National Park lies between the suburbs of Hornsby Heights, Thornleigh, Galston, Pennant Hills and Cherrybrook. The Berowra River Regional Park connects to the south. To the east is the Ku-ring-gai-Chase National Park and to the north is the Marramarra National Park .

The national park is criss-crossed by valleys with bushes in which eucalyptus and banksia grow. There are 70 in the national park kilometres of hiking trails. The "Great North Way", which can be hiked 250 kilometres from Sydney to Newcastle, runs 25 kilometres through the national park. Boats and canoes can be launched and fishing is available in Berowra Creek, which runs through the park. 

Owls, white-tailed eagles, wedge-tailed eagles, kookaburra, gray-backed lily- tail, gray-headed fruit bat, swamp wallaby and the protected frog "Pseudophryne australis" can be seen in the national park. 

Berowra Valley National Park is a traditional Aboriginal land. It was where the Guringai lived in the east of Berowra Creek and the Dharug in the west. In the area there are several important places for the indigenous population, such as campfires, clam gathering and also artefacts. 


A Message to Garcia (movie)

A Message to Garcia is a 1936 American war adventure movie directed by George Marshall and was based on the 1889 essay of the same name by Elbert Hubbard. It stars Wallace Beery, Barbara Stanwyck, John Boles, Alan Hale, Sr., Mona Barrie, Herbert Mundin, Juan Torena and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Heathcote National Park

Heathcote National Park is a national park in east New South Wales, and about 34 km southwest of Sydney. The park is west of the Royal National Park near the suburbs of "Heathcote" and "Waterfall".

The park is 22.5 km² eucalyptus forest. Private vehicles may not enter. Walkers go in through the entrance on "Freeman Road" in Heathcote. A trail begins behind the Boy Scout Hall on Freeman Road. It goes south past water holes and small waterfalls. The path ends at the Woronora Dam, although there are several other entrances to the park around Heathcote and Waterfall.

Before the forest area became a park, a group of hikers had leased most of the area. Presumably they created some of the early hiking trails and campsites. The area later became a "state park" and again later a national park.

Aboriginals lived in the area and left traces in various places. In addition, a number of European settlers lived during the Great Depression in the 1930s in simple huts, leaving only scant ruins in places like "Myuna Creek" back 

The park consists of the deeply furrowed Hawkesbury sandstone plateau, part of the <nowiki>" Woronora Plateau "</nowiki>. "Heathcote Creek", a tributary of the Woronora River, is found in a gorge. The sandstone is about 200 million Years old and has been around for around 94 million Years ago. After each period of land uplift, the watercourses dug into the sandstone. Heathcote Creek tumbles down some waterfalls to the Woronora River on the north edge of the park.

The hills and arid slopes are covered with forests dominated by "angophora" and eucalyptus. Grass trees are common. The undergrowth consists of bushes such as "banksia", "hakea" and wax flowers. "Doryanthes excelsa" and "Allocasuarina torulosa" grow on more humid slopes. "Eucalyptus patens" and Grevillings grow in the valley of Heathcote Creek.

Short-headed glide pouches, common ring pouches and probably also eastern pygmy possums live on "Mirang Creek" and in "Minda Gully". There are also swamp wallabies. Often you can also see honey-eaters and gray-backed lyre tails.


Werakata National Park

Werakata National Park is a national park in the east of the Australian state of New South Wales, 115 km north of Sydney, in the Hunter River region The park is divided into three parts, which are to the northeast, east and southeast of the city of Cessnock. 

South of the park is the separate "Werakata State Conservation Area". 

Werakata National Park was opened on 26. February 1999 from a 1130 acres of "Cessnock State Forest" (State Forest No. 874) formed. On the 1st January 2003 came another 478 acres from the state forest, as well as the "Aberdare State Forest" (State Forest No. 981) with 531 hectares.

The "Werakata State Conservation Area" with 2257 hectare area was created in 2007.

The Hunter River area was inhabited by the Aboriginal countries of "Awabakal", "Worimi", "Wonnarua", "Geawegal", "Birripai" and "Darkinjung", but little is known about their use of the land near what is now the national park after European settlement in the 19th century. In the 19th century, forestry was practiced and sawmills were built in and near today's park. Most of the wood was used to expand the mines in the area. In 1942, the Cessnock State Forest was established as a sanctuary, followed by the Aberdare State Forest in 1963. The logging continued until it was rededicated in the national park. 

Before the establishment of the national park, it was found that the predominant eucalyptus species "Spotted Gum" ("Corymbia maculata") was still underrepresented in the system of protected areas.

Various endangered animal species can also be found in the park. 



Humat ad-Diyar

"Ḥumāt ad-Diyār" (, , ; "Guardians of the Homeland") is the national anthem of Syria. It was adopted in 1936.


Pithecopus centralis

The Mato Grasso leaf frog ("Pithecopus centralis") is a frog that lives in Mato Grasso in Brazil. People have seen it higher than 520 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in drier places than other frogs: grasslands with many rocks. The male frogs have been heard calling near streams. This frog lays eggs during the time of year when the weather is drier.

Scientists think this frog is in some danger of dying out because the place it lives is not very big and because human beings continue to change it in ways that are not good for the frog. For example, the frog is now extinct in some parts of Brazil because people built an artificial lake to store drinking water and flooded the place where the frogs lived.

Condemned property

A condemned property (also called a condemned building) is any house, commercial property, business, apartment, townhouse, educational place (school, college) jail/prison, law enforcement or government property that is marked as unfit or not suitable for being occupied, being used or operated. A large number of properties are also condemned for being unsafe, illegal or fire-damaged. Most are dilapidated (badly damaged), deteriorated (run down, decayed), are infested by vermin/rodents or loaded with filthy conditions (excrement, spoiled food/drinks or dirt/mud across several parts of any place that is occupied). Tropical cyclone, flood, lightning or tornado damage often also leads to the condemnation of properties.

Other conditions for which a building may be condemned involve places being boarded, having utilities disconnected or having dangerous materials, methamphetamine making labs or any dangerous locations.
Utilities are hot water, good-to-excellent heating systems working, good-to-excellent plumbing and having a safe reliable electrical outlet. Some places are condemned for vehicles parked in a yard, vehicles that are classified as not operable, having dangerous conditions.

Condemned warnings or notices (also called as placards) are usually posted onto the properties in question. They forbid when people occupy, enter or use these buildings when not authorized for doing so. Anyone other than code officials, the property inspectors or area health department officials entering, occupying or using any condemned premises, defacing or removing condemned notices/warnings are subject to fines, jail time or both. Notices of violation are often posted with the condemned notices and warnings.

New York City, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Chicago, Quad Cities (most likely Rock Island, Moline and Davenport), Baltimore, Detroit and Los Angeles have higher numbers of condemned, abandoned and vacant homes, buildings or schools unlike several other mid-size/small and some large cities or towns in Canada and the United States.

Condemned properties are usually renovated. Many other condemned buildings or homes, however, are demolished due to their conditions.

Áfram Latibær!

Áfram Latibær! () is an Icelandic children's stage play by Magnús Scheving that is based on his book of the same name. The play was first shown in 1996 in Loftkastalinn and was very popular. Eight years later, the television series "LazyTown" started to be shown and became popular worldwide.

The people who live in LazyTown are lazy and unhealthy for different reasons. The mayor gets a letter from the President saying the residents must join a local sports competition. The mayor tries to make the residents do that, but cannot, so Sportacus comes to teach them how to be healthy and convinces them to join. LazyTown later wins the competition, so they decide to change the town's name to PlayTown.

Femi Fani-Kayode

David Oluwafemi Adewunmi Abdulateef Fani-Kayode (born 16 October 1960) is a Nigerian politician, essayist, poet, and lawyer. He was minister of aviation. He is the member of the ruling All Progressive Congress.

Fani-Kayode holds bachelor's degree in law (LLB) from University of London.

Fani-Kayode was a member of the Nigerian National Congress (NNC) as his first political party. During Sani Abacha administration, Fani-Kayode was disturbed where ran out of Nigeria and formed National Democratic Coalition which has affiliation with Nigerians living outside the country. He later came back to Nigeria and got chance to participate fully in politics.

Magna Carta (An Embroidery)

Magna Carta (An Embroidery) is an embroidery of the English Wikipedia article for Magna Carta. It was made in 2015 by artist Cornelia Parker. It was made to celebrate the 800th anniversary of the Magna Carta.

Parker used 87 pieces of fabric and gave them to people around the United Kingdom. More than 200 people worked on the embroidery. Most of the text was stitched by prisoners and the pictures were done by people in the Embroiderers' Guild. Jurists, activists, and artists helped with the stitching. Many of them stitched words that they liked. Students from La Retraite Roman Catholic Girls' School were the youngest people to work on the embroidery.

Supreme Council of the Armed Forces

The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF; , ', also Higher Council of the Armed Forces and National Defence Council) is a statutory body of between 20 and 25 senior Egyptian military officers. The Field Marshal is in charge of the supreme council. It is currently Abdul Fatah al-Sisi and Lieutenant General Mohamed Ahmed Zaki. The council mets only in cases of war or great internal emergencies. 

The SCAF assumed power to take charge of Egypt after President Hosni Mubarak resigned on 11 February 2011.

Frank Pratt (politician)

Franklin M. Pratt (August 27, 1942 – September 21, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Arizona State Senate from 2017 until 2021. He was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 2009 until his death. Pratt was born in Florence, Arizona.

Pratt died on September 21, 2021 in Casa Grande, Arizona from a long-illness at the age of 79.

Richard H. Kirk

Richard Harold Kirk (21 March 1956 – 21 September 2021) was an English musician. He worked on electronic music since the 1970s. He was best known as a member of the band Cabaret Voltaire. He also played for Sweet Exorcist.

In addition to solo releases under his own name, Kirk used the following aliases:






The following is a list of groups and artists Kirk has worked with:


Angelo Codevilla

Angelo M. Codevilla (May 25, 1943 – September 21, 2021) was an Italian-American academic. He was a professor at the Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University. He was professional staff member of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the United States Senate. He also wrote for "Commentary", "Foreign Affairs", "National Review", and "The New Republic".

Codevila died in September 2021 at the age of 78.

Aharon Abuhatzira

Aharon Abuhatzira (, 28 October 1938 – 21 September 2021) was an Moroccan-born Israeli politician. He was born in Erfoud, Morocco. He was a member of the Tami Party and Likud. He was a member of Knesset between 1974 until 1992. 

Abuhatzira was Minister of Religious Services between 1977 until 1981, Immigrant Absorption between 1981 until 1982 and of Labor between 1981 until 1982. In 1982, he was convicted of fraud and sentenced to four years in jail.

Abuhatzira died on 21 September 2021 at the age of 82.

Claude Lombard

Claude Lombard (25 February 1945 – 20 September 2021) was a Belgian pop singer. She was best known for her participation in the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest. She performed "Quand tu reviendras" ("When You Come Back"), representing Belgium. She was born in Brussels.

Lombard died on 20 September 2021 in Brussels at the age of 76.

Aloys Jousten

Aloys Jousten (2 November 1937 – 20 September 2021) was a Belgian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the bishop emeritus of the Diocese of Liège in Belgium. He was bishop from 2001 until his retirement in 2013. Jousten was born in Sankt-Vith, Belgium. He became a priest in 1962.

Jousten died on 20 September 2021 in Cologne, Germany at the age of 83.

Cheung Yan-lung

Benton Cheung Yan-lung, CBE, OStJ, JP (18 April 1922 – 19 September 2021) was a Hong Kong businessman and politician. He was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1981 to 1991 and chairman of the Regional Council of Hong Kong and New Territories Heung Yee Kuk.

Cheung died on 19 September 2021, at the age of 99.

Tom Vraalsen

Tom Eric Vraalsen (26 January 1936 – 13 September 2021) was a Norwegian politician. He was the Minister of International Development from 1989 to 1990. He was a member of the Centre Party. Vraalsen was born in Oslo, Norway. He was the Ambassador to the United Kingdom between 1994 until 1996 and of the United States between 1996 until 2001.

Vraalsen died on 13 September 2021 in Oslo at the age of 85.

Willie Garson

William Garson Paszamant (February 20, 1961September 21, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Stanford Blatch on the HBO series "Sex and the City" and in the related movies "Sex and the City" and "Sex and the City 2". He also played Mozzie in the USA Network series "White Collar" from 2009 to 2014.

Garson died on September 21, 2021 from pancreatic cancer at his home in Los Angeles, California at aged 60.

Highland Park, New Jersey

Highland Park is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States in the New York City metropolitan area.

Santa Maria a Monte

Santa Maria a Monte is a "comune" in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region of Tuscany. The town is about west of Florence and about east of Pisa.

Santa Maria a Monte is twinned with Fontvieille, Monaco, since 1991.

Isabelle (Animal Crossing)

Isabelle is a fictional character from the "Animal Crossing" series of video games. She is a kindly Shih Tzu from the 2012 release "", where she is the secretary to the player character. Isabelle is one of the most prominent characters in the "Animal Crossing" franchise and its mascot. Her popularity has also led to appearances outside the "Animal Crossing" series, including a playable role in the crossover fighting game "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate".

Paul Germain

Paul Germain (born June 6, 1959) is an American animation screenwriter, television producer, director, and voice director. Among the Disney shows Germain has been know for writing, producing, or directing, are "Recess", "Even Stevens", "Lloyd in Space", and "Goldie & Bear". He was also a producer of "Recess: School's Out".

Joe Ansolabehere

Joe Ansolabehere (born June 18, 1959) is an American animation writer, television producer, storyboard artist, screenwriter, director, and producer. He is the co-creator of "Recess" and "Lloyd in Space" with partner and friend, Paul Germain.

Jeff &quot;Swampy&quot; Marsh

Jeff "Swampy" Marsh (born December 9, 1960) is an American animator, writer, director, producer, and voice actor associated with several animated television series, most notably as an executive producer and the voice of Major Monogram for Disney's animated series "Phineas and Ferb" and "Milo Murphy's Law", both of which he co-created with Dan Povenmire. Marsh was born in Santa Monica, California, where he grew up with a heavily blended family dynamic. Marsh has been and continues to be a driving force behind several animation projects, working for over six seasons on the animated television series "The Simpsons". Marsh continued to work on other animated television series, including "King of the Hill" and "Rocko's Modern Life," before moving to England in 1996.

Juanito Jones

Juanito Jones is a Spanish animated series for children with 52 episodes of 13 minutes each, created by Roser Capdevila, Gusti and Ricardo Alcántara.  It was produced by Cromosoma and Televisió de Catalunya and originally broadcasted by the Spanish network Antena 3 between 2001 and 2002.

It was later shown in other regions of the world, having been acquired by channels such as Nickelodeon Latin America , Noga (Israel), TF1 (Italy), Televisa (Mexico), Univision (United States) and Disney Channel in France, Italy and Spain in 2001.  In Portugal debuted on RTP in 2002.  In Brazil it was shown by Nickelodeon and debuted on Canal Futura on July 2, 2007.

This drawing explains the adventures of Juanito Jones, a boy who confronts dangerous situations but always manages to escape easily. This is because these adventures are part of his imagination. He uses imagination as a solution to real-life problems. Juanito is always accompanied by his teddy bear, Sombra, who comes to life in his imaginary world. In real life, Juanito is always with his family. 









In several episodes it is possible to see cameos and references to the series "", due to the fact that both series are produced by "Cromosoma" and "". In two episodes it is possible to see the characters watching on television the cartoon of the Witch Onilda, but under the name of "La Bruixa Avorrida" (catalan for "the Bored Witch", which is also the name that the series received in Portugal). In the episode where Vanessa steals Juanito's Shadow he mentions that the only magazine Vanessa read was the Triplets. Also, in the episode where Pedro's sister returns home when she tries to pull a rabbit out of her hat, what ends up coming out is the Witch Onilda's owl.

Tytus, Romek i A'Tomek

Tytus, Romek i A'Tomek is the longest-published and one of the most popular Polish comic book series, created by Henryk Jerzy Chmielewski (aka "Papcio Chmiel") in 1957 and concluded in 2009. It centers on Romek and A'Tomek, two Boy Scouts, and Tytus de Zoo, a chimpanzee with the ability of human speech. Many adventures in "Tytus, Romek i A'Tomek" have speculative or science fiction elements, some are outright parodies of the established genre.

Bali (TV series)

Bali is an animated television series, based on a series of French children's books by Magdalena Richard and Laurent Richard that were published by Editions Flammarion. It was produced by Paris-based PlanetNemo Animation and Subsequence Entertainment, in association with CBC Radio-Canada, TVOntario, Knowledge Network, France 5, Disney Channel France and RTBF, and with the participation of the Shaw Rocket Fund, the Quebec Film and Television Tax Credit, Telefilm Canada, the Canadian Film or Video Production Tax Credit, and the Canadian Television Fund (or the Fonds canadien de television in French). PlanetNemo Animation has licensed the television program to more than 20 countries worldwide and has sold U.S. media and merchandising rights.



Garveyism

Garveyism is an aspect of black nationalism that refers to the social, economic, and political policies of UNIA-ACL founder Marcus Garvey. At the movement's peak of popularity, followers of Garveyism, known as "Garveyites", numbered in the millions, with almost a thousand local divisions in the United States, the Caribbean, Central America, Canada and Africa. The ideology of Garveyism centers on the unification and empowerment of African-American men, women and children under the banner of their collective African descent, and the repatriation of African slave descendants and profits to the African continent. Garvey was fought by the African-American establishment in the U.S. An investigation by the Justice Department, directed by J. Edgar Hoover, led to Garvey's arrest on charges of mail fraud in January 1922, and his projects collapsed.

Xiaolin Showdown

Xiaolin Showdown is an American animated television series that aired on Kids' WB and was created by Christy Hui. Set in a world where martial arts battles and Eastern magic are commonplace, the series follows four young Xiaolin warriors in training who battle the Heylin forces of evil. They do this by protecting Shen Gong Wu (ancient artifacts that have great magical powers) from villains that would use them to conquer the world. Typical episodes revolve around a specific Shen Gong Wu being revealed which results in both sides racing to find it. Episodes usually reach a head when one good and one evil character must challenge each other to a magical duel called a Xiaolin Showdown for possession of the artifact.


History of Albania

The history of Albania forms a part of the history of Europe. During Classical Antiquity, several Illyrian tribes lived in Albania. They were the Ardiaei, Albanoi, Amantini, Enchele and Taulantii. There were also Thracian and Greek tribes, as well as several Greek colonies established on the Illyrian coast.

In the 3rd century BC, Rome conquered the area. It became part of the Roman provinces of Dalmatia, Macedonia and Moesia Superior. The territory remained under Roman and Byzantine control until the Slavic migrations of the 7th century. The Bulgarian Empire conquered it in the 9th century.
The Principality of Arbër and a Sicilian union known as the medieval Kingdom of Albania were established in the Middle Ages. Some areas became part of the Venetian and later Serbian Empire. Between the mid-14th and the late 15th centuries, most of modern-day Albania was dominated by Albanian principalities. They fell to the rapid invasion of the Ottoman Empire. Albania remained under Ottoman control as part of the province of Rumelia until 1912. After a short occupation by the Kingdom of Serbia, the first independent Albanian state was founded by the Albanian Declaration of Independence. An Albanian national consciousness was formed in the later 19th century. It is part of the larger phenomenon of the rise of nationalism under the Ottoman Empire.

The short-lived Principality of Albania (1914–1925) was succeeded by an even shorter-lived first Albanian Republic (1925–1928). Another monarchy, the Kingdom of Albania (1928–1939), replaced the republic. The country endured occupation by Italy just before World War II. After the collapse of the Axis powers, Albania became the Socialist People's Republic of Albania. It was a communist state. Enver Hoxha governed it most of its duration (died 1985). his political succesor Ramiz Alia oversaw the disintegration of the communist state. This happened during the wider collapse of the Eastern Bloc in the later 1980s.

The communist regime collapsed in 1990. The former communist Party of Labour of Albania was defeated in elections in March 1992, amid economic collapse and social unrest. The unstable economic situation led to an Albanian diaspora during the 1990s. The crisis peaked in the Albanian Turmoil of 1997. Albania was able to join the NATO in 2009 thanks to the improved economic and political conditions. The country is applying to join the European Union.


Walls of Jerusalem National Park

The Walls of Jerusalem National Park is located in the centre of Tasmania. The park has a size of about 518 km² and was founded June 1981. It has been part of the Tasmanian Wilderness UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1982 and is on both the cultural and natural heritage lists. This is where King Davids Peak is located.

The park takes its name from geological formations that resemble the walls of the city of Jerusalem in Israel. Therefore, many places and formations in the park are named after places in the Bible like  Herod's Gate, Salome Lake, Solomon's Jewels and Damascus Gate.

Like much of the Tasmanian wilderness, the area is not very accessible by roads and the only road leading into the park is through the C171 road. It is only accessible to experienced hikers ("bushwalkers") or skiers who, because of the often very changeable weather, have to be very careful and take appropriate precautionary measures, about which the Parks & Wildlife Service provides comprehensive information. 

The national park is characterised above all by its alpine vegetation with endemic coniferous forests and upholstered heather stands. In fire-protected areas, stands of cypress-like scale spruce can be found. The landscape of the area is characterised by Ice Age moraines and glacier lakes.


History of Andorra

Andorra, officially the Principality of Andorra (), is a microstate located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France.

Andorra claims it is the last independent survivor of the Marca Hispanica. This was the buffer states created by Charlemagne to keep the Islamic Moors from advancing into Christian France. According to the tradition, Charlemagne granted a charter to the Andorran people in return for their fighting the Moors. In the 9th century, Charlemagne's grandson, Charles the Bald, named the Count of Urgell as overlord of Andorra. A descendant of the count later gave the lands to the Diocese of Urgell.

In the 11th century, the Bishop of Urgell placed himself under the protection of the Lord of Caboet, a Catalan nobleman. Later, the Count of Foix became heir to the Lord of Caboet through marriage in 1208. A dispute arose between the Occitan Count and the Catalan bishop over Andorra.

In 1278, the conflict was resolved by the signing of a pareage (pariatges). This stated that Andorra's sovereignty was shared between the Count of Foix and the Bishop of La Seu d'Urgell (Catalonia). The pareage gave the small state its territory and political form. In return, Andorra pays an annual tribute or questia to the co-rulers consisting of four hams, forty loaves of bread, and some wine. Andorra's borders have remained unchanged since 1278.

Andorra was briefly annexed to the Crown of Aragon twice, in 1396 and 1512.

Royal National Park

The Royal National Park is a national park in New South Wales of Australia. It is located 29 kilometres south of Sydney and is part of the Sydney metropolitan area.

The national park was founded in 1879 by Sir John Robertson, then premier of New South Wales, making it the second oldest national park in the world after Yellowstone National Park in the United States. Sir John Robertson cared for and supported him all the rest of his life. After coal was discovered on the terrain, it was founded out of economic interests to keep competition away from the gates of Sydney. Its original name was "The National Park" . In 1955 it was renamed after a visit from Queen Elizabeth II. The park is repeatedly ravaged by bushfires, which contribute to the constant change and regeneration of the vegetation. Plants like the native Waratah are adapted to the environmental factor fire and need the fires to bloom in subsequent years.

The park is partly in the Sydney and Wollongong administrative districts and forms a jewel with unspoiled nature between these two major cities. It is bounded to the north by the Port Hacking fjord, to the west by the motorway between the cities and to the south to Otford. The Heathcote National Park connects across the freeway and continues the green belt around Sydney.

The Royal National Park offers very different landscapes and vegetation. It lies on sandstone hills that break off a few hundred meters down to the coast. They are mostly covered by eucalyptus forests with a wealth of species. Centrally, deeply cut, the Hacking River runs through the park, which flows into the seawater of Port Hacking at Audley. This rugged bay offers protection from the open sea. The water at Bundeena is very shallow and is home to an extensive mangrove forest . There are a few beaches and lagoons on the open coast to the Tasman Sea. Most of them can only be reached on foot via the coastal footpath. Wattamolla can be approached and offers ample picnic and barbecue facilities. In the southeast the forest merges into the subtropical rainforest of the Illawarra Escarpment, in which there are also palm trees.

Access by car is via three routes, north from Sutherland, west from Waterfall and south from Otford via Stanwell Park . A daily or annual fee is required, which can be purchased at various points of sale as well as on NSW national parks website.


Pithecopus megacephalus

The large-headed leaf frog ("Pithecopus megacephalus") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it 800 meters above sea level in the Espinaço Mountains.

Ecclesiastical court

There are different movements in Christianity. Over time, each of these movements developed a number of rules to follow. An ecclesiastical court is a court of law that only uses one of these sets of rules to judge people. In the case of the Roman Catholic Church, these rules are known as Canon law, and they can be found in the Codex Iuris Canonici.

Flinders Chase National Park

Flinders Chase National Park is a national park in South Australia in Kangaroo Island south of Adelaide. The park has a size of 326 km² and is distributed over the three areas; Cape du Couedic and Rocky River, Gosse Lands and the Cape Borda Lighthouse in the west of the island. The park was founded in 1919. The closest town is Kingscote, about 110 km away.

The main attractions of the park are the bizarre rocks of the "Remarkable Rocks", the colonies of fur seals at "Admirals Arch", and the lighthouse at Cape Borda from 1858. There are also numerous kangaroos and koalas in the park.

New Zealand fur seals, Australian fur seals and Australian sea lions can be found along the coast of the park. Showy land mammals are kangaroos, which are represented by two species. On the one hand by a special island subspecies of the western grey giant kangaroo and on the other hand by the derby wallaby . A purely endemic terrestrial mammal species found nowhere else on the island is the Kangaroo Island narrow-footed pouch mouse . At other mammals come koalas, platypus, pseudocheiridae, common brushtail possum, Small short-nosed bandicoot "(Isodon oesulus obesulus)," Tasmanian cercartetus, thin tail cercartetus, swamp rats "(Rattus lutreolus)," also a subspecies of the Australian bush rat "(Rattus fuscipes greyi)" and a special island subspecies of the short-billed hedgehog. In addition, eight species of bats live in the park.

The koalas, platypus and ring-baggers were introduced from mainland Australia. The number of koalas has increased so much in recent years that many eucalyptus forests have been severely damaged. The national park administration tries to cope with the situation with sterilisation programs. In the national park there are also some species that do not belong to the original Australian fauna. These are goats, fallow deer, pigs, house cats, house rats and house mice .

The kangaroo island emu was once endemic to the island, but in the 19th Century extinct. Reptiles are represented by Rosenberg's monitor lizard, dwarf copper head, black tiger otter, striped fin foot, various skinks, geckos and an agame ("Ctenophorus decresii"). Six species of frog are at home in the park. The leatherback turtle is found on the coasts.

At 6 December 2007, lightning bolts ignited a bushfire in which 19,542 ha bush burned in the national park. This corresponds to 60% of the total area.

Even bigger fires raged over the turn of the 2019/2020 bushfire season, which destroyed around a quarter in the west of the island. The bushfires also largely destroyed Flinders Chase National Park, including the visitor centre. Much of the rare wildlife was also a victim of the flames.


Hemings family

The Hemings family was a group of people who lived in Virginia. They were Elizabeth Hemings and her children and other descendants. They were enslaved people, meaning some of their ancestors had been kidnapped in Africa and brought over the Atlantic Ocean in the Trans-Atlantic slave trade. Some of them became free later. For part of their history, they were enslaved to the Eppes family, to the Wayles family, and to Thomas Jefferson. The Hemingses were the largest family to live at Monticello.

According to Elizabeth Hemings' grandson, Madison Hemings, her mother was a fully African woman and might have been born in Africa. She was enslaved to the Eppes family in Virginia. Historians do not know for sure what her name was. Papers with the names of enslaved women in the Eppes family include "Dinah," "Judy," "Abbie," "Sarah," "Parthenia," and others. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed said that there were many girls named "Thenia" in the Hemings family, and they might have been named after Parthenia, also spelled Parthena. But she also says that "Sally" is a nickname for "Sarah," and there were many girls named "Sarah" and "Sally" in the Hemings family too.

Madison Hemings told the story: Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman and her father was an English sea captain named Hemings. The sea captain tried to buy Elizabeth Hemings from her owner when she was born. Even though he offered the owner a large amount of money, the owner still said no. He said he wanted to see what a half-white, half-African child would look like. Then Captain Hemings tried to take the child away from the owner without paying, but someone told the owner about his plan. Captain Hemings left Virginia and did not come back.

Captain Hemings tried to take his daughter from one of the men in the Eppes family, but historians do not know which one because they do not know when Elizabeth Hemings was born. One paper says "about 1735."

Elizabeth Hemings lived at the Eppes family's house, which was called Bermuda Hundred until 1746. That year, Martha Eppes married John Wayles. Elizabeth and other enslaved people went with Martha to Wayle's house as part of her marriage settlement. A marriage settlement was any property that a married woman could control and her husband couldn't. Technically, the Eppes family owned Elizabeth Hemings.

Elizabeth Hemings lived as a house servant. That means she did not grow tobacco or cotton in the fields like other enslaved people in Virginia did. Historians think that Elizabeth Hemings' job with the Wayles family was to help raise Martha Wayles, later Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson. After Johyn Wayles' wife died, he made Elizabeth Hemings his concubine, which means they had a sexual relationship but he did not free her or marry her. Historians do not know how Elizabeth Hemings felt about this.

When Martha Wayles Skelton married Thomas Jefferson, Hemings and many people in her family went with Martha Skelton to Jefferson's house at Monticello. Historians think Elizabeth Hemings took care of Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson when she became sick and that she was there when she died.

The Hemingses were known for pooling resources. That means that if one of them had money or other good things, they would share it with the others. They also had what historian Annette Gordon-Reed calls a "mania" for naming their children after each other. A mother would name her children after her own sisters or brothers.

Thomas Jefferson wrote a lot, so historians know more about the Hemingses who lived on Monticello than about many other enslaved people. We know that six of Elizabeth Hemings' children were Martha Jefferson's half-brothers and half-sisters because they had the same father: John Wayles. We do not know what Martha Jefferson or the Hemingses thought about this. We do know that Robert and James Hemings helped Martha Jefferson and her daughters escape from British soldiers during the Revolutionary War. We do not know whether the Hemings men thought of themselves as two men helping their sister and nieces, as two men helping their master's wife and daughters, as both, or as neither one.

Thomas Jefferson trusted many people in the Hemings family. When he was away from Monticello, he would allow the Hemings men to leave, choose other people for whom to work, and keep all their money. The law of Virginia at the time said he did not have to do this. Jefferson freed several people in the Hemings family. He did not get along with all the Hemingses. He had a fight with Martin Hemings.

Jefferson was not always happy to free enslaved people. When Robert Hemings asked to make a deal with Jefferson for his freedom, Jefferson was not happy about it. He said that Robert had been lured away from him. After freeing Robert, Jefferson stopped letting his enslaved people travel so much. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed writes that she thinks Jefferson figured out that letting enslaved people live as if they were free made them want to be free for real. It also let them learn things about the outside world.

Elizabeth Hemings' children with an unknown partner, probably a black man:



Elizabeth Hemings' children with John Wayles:

Elizabeth Hemings' children with Joseph Neilson, known:


Elizabeth Hemings' children with Joseph Neilson, possible:


Savitribai Phule

Savitribai Phule (3 January 1831 – 10 March 1897) was a social reformer of India. She was a poet from Maharashtra. She is known as the "first female teacher of India". She worked on improving the rights of women in India with her husband. Her husband's name was Jyotirao Phule. They started the first Indian girls school in Pune, at Bhide wada in 1848. She tried to end social class and unfair treatment based on sex in Indian society. She was an important person of the social reform in Maharashtra.

Savitribai Phule was born on 3 January 1831 in the village of Naigaon in Satara District, Maharashtra. Her birthplace was about from Shirval and about from Pune. Savitribai Phule was the oldest daughter of Lakshmi (her mother) and Khandoji Nevase Patil (her father). They were from the Mali Community. Savitribai and Jotirao did not have any children of their own. It is said that they took Yashawant in their family. Yashawant was the son of a Brahmin woman whose husband had died.

At the time of marriage, Savitribai was not able to read or write. Jyotirao taught Savitribai at their home.<ref name="O'Hanlon 2002 https://archive.org/details/casteconflictide00ohan/page/n131 118"></ref> She completed her primary education with Jyotirao. She registered herself in two training programs to become a teacher. Later, Savitribai Phule started teaching girls at the Maharwada in Pune. Soon Savitribai and with Sagunabai started their own school at Bhide Wada. Sagunabai was a coach of Jyotirao Phule. Tatya Saheb Bhide was inspired by these works. School course at Bhide Wada included traditional western course of mathematics, science, and social studies. By the end of 1851, Savitribai and Jyotirao Phule were running three different schools for girls in Pune. These three schools had almost one hundred and fifty students registered. Teaching of these three schools was better than government schools. As a result of this, the number of girls in these schools went up to the number of boys in government schools.

Savitribai and Jyotirao Phule's success came with much oppose. The opposers were the persons who did not like change. The Phules faced strong opposition from powerful castes (Brahmin) because they belonged to the week caste (Mali). Education was not for the Sudra castes for thousands of years. For this reason, Brahmins started to oppose works of Jyotirao and Savitribai. Savitribai and Jyotirao Phule were living at home of father of Jyotirao til 1849. Father of Jyotirao asked them to leave his home In 1849 because their work was a sin as per the Manusmriti and Brahmanical texts.

They moved in the family of Usman Sheikh. Usman Sheikh was a friend of Jyotirao. In the 1850s, Savitribai and Jyotirao Phule established two educational trusts - The Native Female School, Pune and the Society for Promoting the Education of Mahars, Mangs, and Etceteras. These two trusts had many schools of Savitribai Phule.

Jyotirao talked about Savitribai and his work in an interview. This interview was given to the Christian missionary periodical, Dnyanodaya, on 15 September 1853. He said

She taught children from different castes. She opened a total of 18 schools with her husband. They also opened a care centre called Balhatya Pratibandhak Griha (literally, "Child-killing Prohibition Home") for pregnant rape victims. Balhatya Pratibandhak Griha helped deliver and save their children.

Savitribai and her adopted son, Yashwant, opened a clinic. This clinic was for the victims of an outbreak of the bubonic plague (Third Pandemic). The clinic was in Pune. Savitribai died a heroic death. She tried to save the son of Pandurang Babaji Gaekwad. She came to know that Gaekwad's son had got the plague. Savitribai Phule ran to him. She carried him on her back to the hospital. In the process, she was infected. She died at 9:00pm on 10 March 1897.

Notes

Citations


Indian Women's League

The Indian Women's League is the top level in the women's professional football league system in India. The first season started in Cuttack in October 2016. The league is run by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).

Since 1991, the top women's football tournament in India has been the Indian Women's Football Championship. The tournament served as a female version of the Santosh Trophy, with states competing against each other. There had never been a national football league for women; however, leagues were started by state associations for women. The first women's state football league was set up in 1976 in Manipur. The Indian Football Association of West Bengal founded the Calcutta Women's League in 1993. Leagues were also started in Mumbai and Goa in 1998 and 1999.

In 2014, after the success of the India women's team, mainly in the SAFF Women's Championship, a push to start a women's football league, mainly along the lines of the successful Indian Super League, started. Clubs such as Pune and Bengaluru FC had interest in joining a women's league. It was around this time that the All India Football Federation started plans to create the ISL-style league for women.

On 21 April 2016, over a year after the AIFF made plans for a women's football league, the AIFF President, Praful Patel, said that a women's football league would start in October 2016 with six teams to be decided, with the goal to expand to eight teams by 2017. Just over two months later, on 5 July 2016, the AIFF organized a meeting to discuss the India women's national team and discuss the proposed women's football league. Five Indian Super League sides (Delhi Dynamos, Chennaiyin FC, Kerala Blasters, FC Pune City, Atletico de Kolkata) and three I-League teams (Bengaluru FC, Aizawl FC, Mumbai FC) attended the meeting. It was declared that the league would feature the eight teams in the league and two other spots would be decided through a pre-qualification round.

On 14 October, the AIFF declared that the preliminary rounds for the Women's League would begin on 17 October 2016 in which ten teams would split into two groups of five teams each, with the winner from each group qualifying for the national finals.

On 24 January 2017, AIFF began the first ever women's professional league with six teams. The participating teams – FC Alakhpura (Haryana), Jeppiaar Institute of Technology FC (Puducherry), Aizawl FC (Women) (Mizoram), FC Pune City (women) (Maharashtra), Rising Student's Club (Odisha) and Eastern Sporting Union (Manipur) played each other in a round-robin format with the top four teams going to the semifinals. All matches of the two-week Indian Women's League (IWL) were played at Delhi's Ambedkar Stadium with the first match played on Saturday, January 28.

The final round of the season was played at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Shillong. Rising Student's Club from Odisha were crowned champions after beating Eastern Sporting Union.

The Indian Women's League season 3 main round started on 5 May 2019. All matches to be played in Guru Nanak Stadium, Ludhiana, Punjab. The 2018–19 IWL will have 12 teams, divided into two groups. The teams will play each other once and the top two teams will compete in the semi-final.Sethu FC crowned unbeaten champions

Indian Women's League season 4 main round started on 24 January 2020. All matches were played in Bangalore Football Stadium, Bengaluru, Karnataka. The 2019–20 IWL had 12 teams, divided into two groups. The teams played each other once and the top two teams competed in the semi-final. Gokulam Kerala were crowned champions after beating KRYPHSA F.C. 3–2 in the final.



Silk Sonic

Silk Sonic is an American musical super-duo consisting of Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak. The duo released their first single, "Leave the Door Open", on March 5, 2021. Their first album, "An Evening with Silk Sonic", was released in November 2021.

The duo has won four Grammys. "Leave the Door Open" tied with Jazmine Sullivan's "Pick Up Your Feelings" for winning best R&B performance at 2022 Grammy Awards.

! 
! scope="row" rowspan="3"| 2021

! 
! scope="row" rowspan="4"| 2021

Tarantino Wikipedia

The Tarantino Wikipedia (Tarantino: "Uicchipèdie") is a version of Wikipedia that has articles.


Northern Alliance

The Northern Alliance, officially the United Islamic National Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan, was an anti-Taliban military alliance of warlords and military commanders against the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in support of the Islamic State of Afghanistan. It was active between 1996 and 2001. It was based in the city of Taloqan, Afghanistan. In 2001, it was reported that a leader of the movement was killed by Taliban fighters. The group was dissolved in 2001 following the September 11 attacks with the United States invading the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan in the War in Afghanistan.

Bouddi National Park

The Bouddi National Park is a national park in New South Wales, 44 kilometres northeast of Sydney on the shores of the Pacific Ocean. It is near Broken Bay, the mouth of the Hawkesbury River. Part of this national park also includes the adjacent coastal waters, so that a contiguous habitat on land, on the coast and in the sea is protected. The park also includes "Fletchers Glen", one of the last remaining temperate rainforests on the central stretch of the New South Wales coast.

Originally the park was called "Bouddi Natural Park". It got its name at the second Park Association meeting in 1936. Other names that were under discussion were "Maitland Bay Park", "Cape Three Points Reserve," and "Gerrinbombi Park" . The reason for the choice of the name was the fact that Bouddi was documented as an Aboriginal name for this area, since it appeared in maps from 1828. The park association was formed the year before to administer the park and had members from the "NSW Federation of Bushwalking Clubs" and the "Erina Shire Council".

In 1967 the then 530 hectare park was rededicated as a national park and renamed Bouddi State Park, according to the legislation that had just come into force. Management passed to the NSW National Park and Wildlife Service and shortly thereafter the parks association was transformed into an advisory committee. On the 1st January 1974 the National Park and Wildlife Act dropped the State Park category and the park was renamed Bouddi National Park.


Of Human Bondage (1946 movie)

Of Human Bondage is a 1946 American drama movie. Edmund Goulding directed the movie. It is the second movie made of the 1915 novel of the same name by W. Somerset Maugham. It stars Paul Henreid, Eleanor Parker, Edmund Gwenn, Janis Paige, Patric Knowles, Doris Lloyd, Alexis Smith, Isobel Elsom. Warner Bros. distributed the movie.


Paddy field

When growing semiaquatic plants, such as rice and taro, paddy fields are used. These fields are filled with shallow water at least part of the year. Growing these plants is very labor-intensive. A lot of water is needed. Paddy-fields started next to the Yangtze River in China, in the Neolithic. Later, their use spread to other areas in Asia. Paddy fields are built next to marshes or using terraces, on a hillside.

Deepwater rice is not grown using paddy fields: It needs water over deep for at least a month.

Naracoorte Caves National Park

The Naracoorte Caves National Park is a national park in the southeast of the Australian state of South Australia, 313 km southeast of Adelaide, 83 km north of Mount Gambier and 15 km southeast of Naracoorte. 1994, the area was declared a national park because of its extraordinarily extensive fossil finds and classified together with Riversleigh in Queensland as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The natural world heritage area contains 26 caves on 3.05 km² area.

The park is a tourist attraction and has a campground, RV park, group accommodation, picnic areas and a cafe. The number of sights is huge. Cave tours are offered by trained guides. There you can see caves filled with a large number of interesting fossils. With the help of modern technology, visitors can be shown the inside of the normally inaccessible "Bat Cave", where thousands of bats breed every year. There are also cave tours for adventurers, a number of special tours and special events.

The limestone in the area was formed by corals and other marine life 200 million years ago when it was below sea level and again about 20 million years ago when the land was again below sea level. Since then, groundwater has loosened part of the limestone, creating the caves. These caves, like the "Victoria Fossil Cave" or the "Blanche Cave", are often not far underground and holes opened up that posed dangers to the unwary. This created a remarkable collection of fossils. Mammals and other land creatures fell into the open holes and were unable to escape. The fossils were preserved in banks of earth washed and blown from the surface of the earth. In some places the fossil-bearing layer is up to 20 m thick. Some of these areas will be saved for future exploration when better methods of dating and reconstructing fossil records become available. The fossil traps are particularly important for research into the Australian megafauna.




Heaven Hill

Heaven Hill is a large family-owned distillery in Kentucky. It was started in 1935. It is among the largest producers of alcoholic beverages in the United States. Its is mostly known for producing Bourbon whiskey. Today, it produces different brands of whisky, amongst others Heaven Hill and J.W.Dant. It also produces whiskey for other brands who do not have a distillery of their own. Heaven Hill is the last larger producer of Corn whiskey in the United States. 

Deepwater rice

Deepwater rice is the name for different species of rice that grow in deeper water (of to . These varieties have adaptations that allow them to keep their leaves outside the water: Either they have longer leaves, or they float on top of the water.

More than people in Southeast Asia including Northeastern India rely on deepwater rice for their sustenance. Two adaptations permit the rice to live in deeper water, floating rice and traditional talls. Traditional talls are varieties that are grown at water depths between . They have developed to be taller and have longer leaves than standard rice. Floating rice grows in water deeper than 100 cm through advanced elongation ability. This means when a field where rice is growing floods, accelerated growth in the internodal of the stem allows the plant to keep some of its foliage on top of the water. The "O. s. indica" cultivar is the main type of deepwater rice, although varieties of "O. s. japonica" have been found in Burma and Assam Plains.

Usually, rice is grown in shallow water, using paddy fields.

Oxley Wild Rivers National Park

Oxley Wild Rivers National Park is a national park in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is roughly halfway between Sydney and Brisbane, around 80 km from Dorrigo. Its name comes from the explorer John Oxley, who also crossed this area.

The national park was placed under protection in September 1986. It covers an area of approximately 142,332 hectares. These are several, non-contiguous sub-areas.

The Oxley Wild Rivers National Park borders the Willi Willi National Park.

The national park has an impressive landscape in many areas with deep gorges and high waterfalls. Well known is the Wollomombi Falls, the highest waterfall in New South Wales.

The predominant plant communities are rainforests, dry eucalyptus forests, grassy woodlands and heathland. A total of about 950 plant species have been documented in the park, of which about 35 are considered rare and endangered.

In addition, 55 mammal, 173 bird, 38 reptile and 19 amphibian species have been recorded in the national park.

In addition to the populations of the grey giant kangaroos, the wallaroos or mountain kangaroos and the red-necked filanders, the occurrence of the brush-tailed rock kangaroos, of which around 10,000 are found in the national park, are particularly noteworthy. This is the largest known population anywhere. You can also do this in the park Watch koalas and wombats.

Among the bird species are particularly the birds of prey, including the wedge-tailed eagle on its prey flights, the peregrine falcon, crested kite () and the white-bellied sea eagle.

Introduced animals such as mice and rats as well as feral domestic animals such as horses, goats, cats and dogs can disturb the ecological balance in the park and may be combated by the national park administration.

There are various accommodations, campsites and hiking trails for tourists, some of which are even usable for wheelchair users and open up various viewing platforms.

In 1987 the national park became a UNESCO World Heritage Site as part of Australia's Gondwana Rainforests.


Barakee National Park

Barakee National Park is a national park in the east of the Australian state of New South Wales, 257 km north of Sydney and about 110 km west of Port Macquarie. 

The national park is located on the north bank of the Nowendoc River. 

The park has an area of 49.8km and became a national park on January 1 1999.


Willandra National Park

Willandra National Park is a national park in the southwest of the Australian state of New South Wales, 582 km west of Sydney. The park is about 60 km west of the town of Hillston and 170 km northwest of Griffith.

Willandra National Park was established in 1972 and covers an area of approximately 19,385 hectares. It consists of 13.85 km² of flat grassland bounded to "the north by Willandra Creek", which connects the Lachlan River with the Darling River.

The land around the national park is mainly used as extensive pasture for sheep and cattle. Most of the roads in this area are unpaved and become slippery or even impassable even with light rainfall. The climate is semi-arid with very hot summers and cold winters. The park is located on the northern edge of the Riverina plain.

It is believed that Aboriginal colonisation dates back at least 15,000 years. The Willandra Creek was roughly the border between the settlement areas of the "Wiradjuri" in the south and the "Wongaibon" in the north.

The first European settlers came in the 1830s. Initially, the white colonisation by sheep breeders was sparse and allowed the Aborigines to continue their accustomed way of life. But in the 1870s and early 1880s, extensive fencing, building, and river regulation programs began as the first phase of permanent white settlement. In 1894, Willandra became the property of the "London Bank of Melbourne" after the "Whittington Brothers"' corporate empire, who had previously owned the country, collapsed in the economic crisis of the 1890s. Under the management of "Arthur" and "Frank Laird", Willandra became a well-known sheep breeding area in the years that followed and the owners won many awards for the high quality of their Merino herds.

In 1912 Willandra was sold to the "Vickery Partnership" and peaked as a ranching company in the 1920s and 1930s. Up to 90,000 sheep were sheared at once and the land area of the farm reached 1760 km². A new manor house (which still stands today and is available as a guest house) was added in 1918. In the following years more buildings were added. The estate had a tennis court, a croquet court and orchards and has thus become - to this day - a remarkable oasis in an otherwise dry and dusty landscape.

Despite high wool prices in the 1950s, Willandra's decline as a well-known cattle breeding business began, which was exacerbated by a long drought after WWII. In 1960, the "New Zealand and Australian Land Company" bought Willandra and the estate's land area decreased to 721 km². For a while, however, the success came back and the company employed up to 22 people.

1969 bought "Dalgety Plc." the estate but failed to renew the land leases when they expired in 1971. With the expiry of the leases, the government of New South Wales withdrew the permission to use the crown land and made the area a national park in 1972. The reserve was then managed by the "NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service" (now part of the "Department of Environment, Climate Change and Water" ). In a major renovation program at the end of the 1990s, the buildings were restored to their old splendor and are now partly used as guest houses.

The park is very level with only a few elevations. For the most part, it is grassland with trees just along the watercourses and around normally dry lakes and valleys. The predominant plant communities are dry eucalyptus forests and grass-rich, light forests. The light forest is dominated by eucalyptus ( "Black Box", Eucalyptus largiflorens) and acacias ( "River Cooba", Acacia stenophylla). Naturally occurring tree and shrub species that characterize the area include the pittosporum (Pittosporum phylliraeoides), Rosewood (Heterodendrum oleifolium) Hakea leucoptera and Senna eremophila.

Before European colonisation began, logs, cotton bushes (Maireana aphylla) and native grasses were probably the most common forms of covering on the plains. Over 100 years of pasture and improvements for sheep breeding have changed this and the plant and animal communities no longer show the conditions as they were before the European settlement. Still, Willandra is an important habitat for many native species, such as the emu, the threatened "Plain hikers," red and gray kangaroos, the echidna, the platypus, nine bat species and 23 reptile species, such as the "Gould's Sand Goanna" and the "Mulga Brown Snake." 


Brisbane Water National Park

Brisbane Water National Park is a national park in the east of the Australian state of New South Wales, 47 kilometres northeast of Sydney. It lies north of the mouth of the Hawkesbury River and was named after the "Brisbane Water" lagoon between Gosford and "Woy Woy", which borders the park to the east. The western and northern borders are formed by the Pacific Highway.

The park consists of steep sandstone cliffs overgrown with forest.

There are many hiking trails in the park that can be classified from easy to difficult. One route that is easily accessible by public transport is to "Pindar Cave" on the rock step above "Wondabyne" Station, a on-demand stop on the "Central Coast Railway Line" (Sydney-Newcastle) which is also the only train station in Australia inaccessible by road. This large park is also home to many other hiking trails such as the "Great North Walk".


Extrajudicial killing

An extrajudicial killing (or extralegal killing) is the killing of a person without waiting for the result of a state trial. Extrajudicial killings happen in states which either have laws favoring them, or where the state condones the killing. An example might be that someone is suspected of having done something which dishonors the family. Killing the person might be a way to keep the family in good standing (This is known as honor killing). The state might have laws that do not see this as murder, so the killers will not get a harsh sentence, or they will go unpunished altogether.

If forces of the state kill someone this is seen as extrajudicial killing, if none of the following applies:


The United Nations has [an investigator or] a Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions. That person has support from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR). Morris Tidball-Binz became the Special Rapporteur in 2021.

Work is also done by human rights organizations, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch.

Islamic ethics

Islamic ethics is the name for a number of moral teachings, which have been influenced by Islam. Scholars have developed a set of rules how people should behave in society. As there are different movements in Islam, they sometimes do not agree. Where it is used, Islamic law is also influenced by the local interpretation of Islamic ethics. 

Ethics in Islam sets a trend 1400 years back when nobody had ever established such a system ,system of equality ,system of moral rights ,system of general ethics. In our daily lifestyle we meet with lot of ethics such as business ethics, professional ethics,managerial ethics,corporate ethics,family ethics,system ethics,
organizational ethics etc.But in all the ethics mentioned above Islamic ethics is very pure and unchangeable as it is not been made by any organization, system, or any individual it is made by Almighty Allah who's law's can never be changed or added . 

Magnificent Doll

Magnificent Doll is a 1946 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Ginger Rogers, David Niven, Burgess Meredith, Peggy Wood, Stephen McNally, Robert Barrat, Grandon Rhodes, Henri Letondal. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Boonoo Boonoo National Park

The Boonoo Boonoo National Park (pronounced: 'Banna-Banuh' ) is a national park in the northeast of the Australian state of New South Wales, around 571 km north of Sydney and 26 km northeast of Tenterfield on Mount Lindesay Road.

The park has an area of 43.77 km and was founded on March 19, 1982.

The Boonoo Boonoo River flows through a narrow valley with the rainforest in the park and forms a 210 m tall waterfall.

Forest walks, swimming and camping in the forest are among the most popular recreational activities.


Internet Stream Protocol

The Internet Stream Protocol was a protocol which was developed for streaming content over the internet. It was first developed in 1979, and later revised. Despite this it was never widely used. It used the number "5" for the version field of the internet protocol. For this reason, the extended version of the internet protocol is known as version 6, as the version 5 was already taken. 

Night Editor

Night Editor is a 1946 American crime movie directed by Henry Levin and was based on the radio program of the same name. It stars William Gargan, Janis Carter, Jeff Donnell, Charles D. Brown, Paul E. Burns, Frank Wilcox and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Across the Pacific

Across the Pacific is a 1942 American World War II romantic adventure movie directed by John Huston and Vincent Sherman and was based on the 1941 short story "Aloha Means Good-bye" by Robert Carson. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Mary Astor, Sydney Greenstreet, Kam Tong, Charles Halton, Roland Got, Frank Wilcox, Lester Matthews, Roland Drew and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Shafali Verma

Shafali Verma (born 28 January 2004) is an Indian cricketer who plays for the India women's national cricket team. She became the youngest cricket player from India at the age of 15. In June 2021, She became the most young player from India in all three formats (Test, One Day, T20) of international cricket. She is the right hand opening batsman of the Indian team. She is also a member of the India A Women team and the Birmingham Phoenix Women team. She is also sometimes a right-arm offbreak bowler.

There were no cricket academies for girls in Rohtak. Shafali played cricket in a boy's academy when she was young.

Shahali played for Velocity in T20 Challenge of women before international cricket. On September 2019, she became a member of Indian women cricket team against South Africa. She played her first match for India against South Africa on 24 September 2019. She was the most young player to play for India in T20I match. On November 2019, she became the youngest cricketer who made 50 runs for India. She made 158 runs in five matches against the team representing the West Indies. She was selected as the player of the series.

Shafali was a member of Indian women cricket team for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup. She was awarded with a central contract by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).

Shafali was a member of Test team of India against the England. She played her first Test match against England on 16 June 2021. The Test match was drawn. She was selected as the player of the match. On 27 June 2021, she played her first ODI match against England.


Brewarrina Aboriginal Fish Traps

The Brewarrina fish traps (Also known as "Baiames Ngunnhu") are located in the town of Brewarrina on the Barwon River in the north west of New South Wales, around 800 km northwest of Sydney. It is the largest known Aboriginal fish trap facility in Australia. It is believed to be the oldest human construction in the world although it hasn't been confirmed yet.

The fish traps are probably around 40,000 years old, although the exact date is not known. They are around 500 m long. They are in the Ngunnhu Aboriginal territory. The fish traps consisted of many small stone circles that could be separated by stone weirs. There the fish were led so that they could be caught. The design, complexity and size of the facility are unique in Australia. For this reason they are a national monument.

Before the European settlement, the Aboriginals used the river for fishing. Stones were removed from the river by the settlers to allow paddle steamers to travel, and rocks were removed in the 1920s to be used for house foundations and roads. The steamships could not sail in the dry season.

The Ngunnhu people had strong social, cultural and spiritual relationships with other Aboriginal groups, and they also allowed other Aboriginal countries to fish according to rules, times and periods. They were associated with the Aborigines of the Kamilaroi, Marowari, Paarkinji, Weilwan, Barbinja and Ualaria. The neighbouring Aboriginal countries were invited by Ngunnhu to cooroborees, ceremonies, initiations, trade and barter.

The Ngunnhu attribute the possibility of fishing to the mythical Baiame, a dreamtime creature who created the landscape, lakes, rivers and beings. 

The plant is partly overgrown by reeds. The fish ladder was opened on June 3 2005 registered in the Australian National Heritage List because it was of particular historical importance for the social and cultural coexistence within the Aboriginals.


Pithecopus rusticus

Pithecopus rusticus is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it 1330 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grassy places in the forests on the Atlantic side (east side) of Brazil.

Scientists say this frog is in big danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place: They found it on private property in 2019. After the owner removed the grassy places, scientists could not find the frog again. Scientists think this frog might be dying because of the fungal disease chytridiomycosis and because human beings change the places where it lives. Some people may catch the frogs to sell as pets.

Scientists believe this frog lays eggs on leaves over water and the tadpoles drop into the water after they hatch.

Darlington Probation Station

The historic Darlington Probation Station is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located on Maria Island off the east coast of Tasmania, Australia. The camp is in the northwest of the island on "Darling Bay" in Maria Island National Park, where the former Darlington settlement was located. Since 1825 there was a camp on the island for prisoners who had committed serious crimes. From 1842 to 1850 it was operated as one of two British penal camps, alongside the Cascades Female Factory, as an education camp.
In 1825, the second convict colony in Van Diemens Land (now renamed as Tasmania) was established by Governor George Arthur with 50 convicts and a few soldiers on Maria Island, which was closed again in 1832. Despite the short time, several buildings were built, of which the "Commissariat Store" and the constructions of the convict camp, known as the "Penitentiary", have been preserved.

The convicts built a wood, shoe and clothes maker manufacture and tannery. The construction of a mechanised, water-powered clothing manufacture was remarkable. Because of several escape attempts and disciplinary problems, this penal colony was closed in 1832. The Port Arthur prison, which has now been established and could accommodate a large number of convicts, also played a role.

Ten years later, the penal colony was reopened as a prison camp on the initiative of Lieutenant Governor Franklin in 1842, after repairing the existing buildings. When a second station opened, more than 800 convicts came to the island and more buildings were erected. Overcrowding created numerous problems and the stations were closed in 1850.

Among the convicts was the Irish nationalist from the Young Ireland movement William Smith O'Brien, two Khoikhoi and five Maori who were detained there because of national conflicts over borders.
The camp has been in operation since 1 Registered in the Australian National Heritage List on August 1, 2007 and in, August 2010; one of eleven Australian Convict Sites recognised by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.

The accommodation station is one of the best preserved prison camp buildings from the early days of the Australian convict colony. There were 78 such camps in Tasmania. There are 13 buildings on Maria Island, some of which have been preserved and some of which are ruins.

The buildings on the island reflect the system of labour discipline for convicts in the early British colonial times. In the convict camp there were strict rules and discipline with division into groups and according to training, the exercise of religious coercion and methods of rigid punishment. The "Darlington Probation Station" with this form of convict discipline with public work goes back to Franklin (1837 to 1843).

In the camp there was a canteen and a classroom, a chapel and buildings for the accommodation of the priest and the religious teachers. The convicts' barracks and ruins were divided into separate rooms for well-behaving and rebellious convicts, where well-behaving convicts were housed in bedrooms and the others in separate rooms. The single cells testify to the practiced method of punishment of isolation.


Snake oil

In English, snake oil is the name for a product (usually a drug) that has no real effect, or which is given properties it does not have. The term comes from the "snake oil" that people said would cure many kinds of health problems. Many 19th-century United States and 18th-century European entrepreneurs advertised and sold mineral oil as "snake oil liniment". Different herbs and spices, were added to the mineral oil. Sometimes, it also contained other drugs, but it didn't contain any products made from snakes. They also said snake oil could be used as a panacea. Drugs that claimed to be a panacea were extremely common from the 18th century until the 20th, particularly among vendors masking addictive drugs such as cocaine, amphetamine, alcohol and opium-based products, to be sold at medicine shows as medication or products promoting health.

Echo (acoustics)

In acoustics, echo is when sound comes back. The word echo come from Greek word ἠχώ ("ēchō) from (ēchos), "sound"." 

In nature echo happens in empty spaces, woods or mountains. 

Panacea (medicine)

In medicine, a panacea is a drug that can cure all diseases. In the Middle Ages, alchemists tried to find such a drug. Because different diseases, have different causes, they need to be treated in different ways. For this reason, such a drug cannot exist.

Humptulips, Washington

Humptulips is a census-designated place in the state of Washington. In 2010, 255 people lived there. The place lies on the banks of the river with the same name.

Callimedusa

Callimedusa is a genus of frogs in the family Phyllomedusidae.

The frogs in this genus live in South America.

Species:


The Adventures of Martin Eden

The Adventures of Martin Eden is a 1942 American adventure movie directed by Sidney Salkow and was based on the 1909 novel "Martin Eden" by Jack London. It stars Glenn Ford, Claire Trevor, Frank Conroy, Stuart Erwin, Evelyn Keyes and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

COVIran Barekat

COVIran Barekat is a COVID-19 vaccine developed in Iran by Shifa Pharmed Industrial Group, part of the Barkat Pharmaceutical Group. It is an inactivated virus-based vaccine. Iranian authorities authorized its emergency use. It is the first locally developed COVID-19 vaccine to be approved for emergency use in the Middle East.

The Stranger (1946 movie)

The Stranger is a 1946 American psychological mystery thriller movie directed by Orson Welles (who also stars in it) and also starring Edward G. Robinson, Loretta Young, Philip Merivale, Konstantin Shayne, Byron Keith, Billy House, Martha Wentworth. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Mafalda (character)

Mafalda is the protagonist of the comic strip Mafalda. It was created by the Argentine cartoonist Quino. It appeared for the first time in 1964 in Leoplan magazine. It is about a girl who is the mirror of the Argentine middle class and progressivism. This girl cares too much about the global situation, which can be seen through her sayings and phrases. It has reached popularity throughout Latin America and in some European countries. Together with Condorito, they are the highest representatives of Latin American comics.

Keegan Kolesar

Keegan Kolesar (born April 8, 1997) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Shueisha

Shueisha Inc. (Japanese: 株式会社集英社, Hepburn: "Kabushiki-gaisha Shūeisha") is a Japanese company headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan. The company was established in 1925 as the entertainment-related publishing division of Japanese publisher Shogakukan. The following year, Shueisha became a separate, independent company.

Manga magazines published by Shueisha include the "Jump" magazine line, which includes shonen magazines "Weekly Shōnen Jump", "Jump SQ", and "V Jump", and seinen magazines "Weekly Young Jump", "Grand Jump" and "Ultra Jump". They also publish other magazines, including "Non-no". Shueisha, along with Shogakukan, owns Viz Media, which publishes manga from all three companies in North America.
Hyde Park Barracks

Hyde Park Barracks in Sydney, Australia is a brick building designed by convict and architect Francis Greenway and constructed from 1818 to 1819. The building on "Macquarie Street" in Sydney CBD, and is listed on UNESCO's World Heritage List as Australian Convict Sites and on the Australian National Heritage List. The site was intended to house male convicts. Today it is operated as a museum by the Historic Houses Trust of New South Wales.

The building is in close proximity to the historic Sydney Mint and Hyde Park.

Governor Lachlan Macquarie ordered the construction of brickwork to house convicts until 1838 who had to work for the colonial government of New South Wales. With this building, Macquarie deviated from the previously practiced British colonial policy of creating convict camps in which strict discipline and religious education were practiced, thereby liberalising them. From 1848 to 1886 it was used for young immigrants looking for work and waiting for their families. From 1887 to 1979 it housed courts and government offices.

In 1981 the building was restored and today it houses a museum about the history of the convicts. In July 2010 it was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as part of a selected set of Australian Convict Sites.

The museum can be visited daily with a few exceptions on certain days and certain public holidays.


Fremantle Prison

The Fremantle Prison is a former prison in Fremantle. It is listed on the Australian National Heritage List and on the UNESCO World Heritage List as one of the eleven Australian Convict Sites.

It was used as a prison intermittently from 1855 to 1991, and as a maximum security prison in more recent years.

Today the former prison is used exclusively for tourism. In addition to visits and various guided tours, there is also a youth hostel in the former prison.


Rajapur, Uttar Pradesh

Places like Hanuman ji temple, Tulsighat, Tulsi smarak are some of the places of interest in the town for local people as well as people from nearby villages. Being the birthplace of saint poet Goswami Tulsidas it is visited by many other people from all parts of the country. Tulsi ghat is a nice place to spent some time in morning and evening because of scenic beauty of this place and breeze. Chitrakoot which is district headquarter is also a very famous tourist attraction only 50 km from Rajapur. Apart from this there is a place called Nadi taura, 18 km from Rajapur, where a famous hanuman ji temple is situated.

As per the 2011 Census of India, Rajapur had a population of 13,439. Out of it 97% are Hindu and 2.28% are Muslims. Rajapur has an average literacy rate of 70.38%, male literacy rate is 77.98% and female literacy rate is 61.73%. In Rajapur, 20% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Old Government House, Parramatta

The Old Government House and Government Domain is a listed ensemble of the Old Government House, outbuildings and Parramatta Park in Parramatta, now a suburb of Sydney in New South Wales, Australia . The buildings were the residences of twelve of New South Wales' early governors from 1788 to 1865. 

The "Old Government House" is Australia's oldest public building. It was built in 1799 on behalf of Governor John Hunter and was later the permanent residence of Governor Lachlan Macquarie, who built the outbuildings.

Due to its national and international importance, the building is 1.1 km² park on August 1 2007 as an ensemble in the National Monument Protection List and on July 31 2010 it was entered in the list of the UNESCO world cultural heritage. It is an example of a Georgian structure of high structural quality. It was built by convicts and is one of eleven buildings that document the building culture of early New South Wales as an Australian convict colony as Australian Convict Sites.

The Dharug people lived in this area, whose former presence has been proven by archaeological findings (historical rubbish heaps in the park). Some of the shells found in the rubbish heaps were used to make lime mortar for the construction of the building.

The building can be viewed by group registration.


Franklin-Gordon Wild Rivers National Park

Franklin Gordon Wild Rivers National Park is a national park in Tasmania.

The park's name comes from the two main rivers within the park, the Franklin River and the Gordon River. The Wild Rivers National Park emerged from the former Frenchmans Cap National Park, which had its borders along the Franklin River. Frenchman's Cap can be seen from afar, best seen from the west side and the north side of the park. The dispute over the Franklin Dam, which was to become part of a large-scale project to supply electricity through hydropower in Tasmania, contributed to the designation of the area in its current size. The project failed due to resistance from the Australian environmental movement in 1983.

The park is about 117 km west of Hobart, between the central highlands and the west coast of Tasmania, in the very heart of the Tasmanian Wilderness which is a UNESCO world heritage site. The only one road that runs through the park, is the Lyell Highway, numbered as A10. This winds 56 kilometres through the park and makes travel inside the park easy.

The national park contains numerous sites that point to the early settlement by the Aboriginals and are still of great spiritual importance for the Aboriginal community today. The original inhabitants of Tasmania, who lived in isolation from the inhabitants of the mainland for a really long time, developed a culture that differed from them; through the use of fire they introduced profound changes in the vegetation communities.

However, Europeans invaded the area from around 1822. It was then that Macquarie Harbour penal colony was established on Sarah Island. Convicts who managed to escape tried to escape into the wilderness, but often, many had died in the process. From 1850, many prospectors came to the area.

The landscape is characterised by impressive mountain peaks, beautiful rainforests, deep river valleys and spectacular gorges.

The national park is home to the golden-bellied parakeet, a critically endangered species of bird. Well-known mammals include the kangaroo species red-necked wallaby and filander, as well as the bag-marten and the well infamous Tasmanian devil. Echidna, platypus, wombats and ring pouches can also be found here as well.


Pithecopus nordestinus

Pithecopus nordestinus is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Vatnajökull National Park

Vatnajökull National Park (Icelandic: "Vatnajökulsþjóðgarður") is one of three national parks in Iceland. It contains the entire Vatnajökull glacier and the former Skaftafell National Park in the southwest and the former Jökulsárgljúfur National Park in the north.

What's special about the Vatnajökull National Park lies mainly in its great variety of scenic features, which are created by rivers, glaciers, volcanism and geothermal activity.

Vatnajökull National Park was opened in June 2008. It had an area of 12,000 km². Since its expansion to include Lakagígar, Langisjór and Krepputunga, the park now contains 14,200 km², or around 14% of Iceland's land area. The only park in Europe bigger than Vatnajökull National Park is the Jugyd Wa National Park in Russia. On the 25th of June 2017 the national park was upsized by another 189 km². The Jökulsárlón and parts of the Fjallsárlón and Breiðamerkursandur have been placed under protection by the Environment Minister Björt Ólafsdóttir.

In 2019 the park was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

The Vatnajökull has a surface area of 8,100 km² Europe's largest glacier. The thickness of the ice is between 400 to 800 m, at the thickest point the ice is 950 m. The glacier ice covers a multitude of mountains, valleys and plateaus. It even covers some active central volcanoes, of which Bárðarbunga is the largest and Grímsvötn the most active. The ice masses extend from over 2000 m above sea level up to 300 m below sea level. Nowhere else in Iceland, except on the Mýrdalsjökull glacier, does so much precipitation fall or so much water flow into the sea as on the south side of Vatnajökull. In fact, so much water is currently stored in Vatnajökull that Ölfusá, Iceland's river with the largest volume of water, would take over 200 years to transport this amount of water into the sea.

The landscape that surrounds the glacier is very varied. In the north, the highland plateau is crossed by glacier rivers, which swell strongly in summer. The volcanoes Askja, Kverkfjöll and Snæfell dominate this area, as well as the volcanic table mountain Herðubreið. Long ago, huge glacial floods cut the Jökulsárgljúfur gorge into the northern part of this plateau. The mighty Dettifoss waterfall still thunders into the top of this gorge.

The south side of Vatnajökull is known for many high mountain ridges, between which glacier tongues flow down into the valleys. The southernmost part of the glacier covers the central volcano Öræfajökull and Iceland's highest mountain peak, Hvannadalshnjúkur. Protected by the high ice masses, the Skaftafell, which is mostly grown over by plants, overlooks the black sands deposited to the west of the Skeiðará river. The sand is mostly ash, which comes from the frequent eruptions of the Grímsvötn.

To the south of the park is Morsárfoss, the highest waterfall in Iceland.

The west of Vatnajökull is also largely dominated by volcanic activity. Two of the world's largest fissures and lava eruptions in historical terms took place there: near Eldgjá (934) and Lakagígar (1783–1784). Vonarskarð, northwest of the glacier, is a colourful, well-tempered area and is a watershed between north and south Iceland.

The weather can vary considerably in an area as large as that of the national park, especially since there is a large difference in altitude.

Precipitation in the lower areas south of the Vatnajokull Ice Cap varies between 1,000 mm and 3,000 mm per year. The temperatures are between 10 °C and 20 °C in summer, while winters are rather mild (the thermometer rarely falls below −10 °C and the temperature is often well above freezing point).

On the mountains and the ice cap itself, annual rainfall is between 4,000 and 5,000 mm, most of it falls as snow. The thickness of the snowpack on Öræfajökull is between 10 and 15 m. Part of the snow melts while the rest of the snow forms the glacier ice. This process takes place everywhere above the snow line on the Vatnajökull ice cap.

Temperatures on the southern part of the ice cap are almost always below zero and can drop to −20 °C in winter or −30 °C fall. Strong winds and storms are normal. The further north you get behind the ice cap, the lower the annual rainfall. To the northeast of the ice cap, it falls to between 350 and 450 mm per year, which is the lowest rainfall in Iceland. The precipitation rises again closer to the north coast and in parts of the highlands around Askja. The temperature can drop sharply on clear and windless days in winter.

South winds generally lead to little or no precipitation in the north, which is associated with higher temperatures. North winds bring clouds with them, resulting in colder and wetter weather in the north of the country, while the south remains sunnier and milder. The same applies to westerly or southwest winds, which bring warmer weather to the east. The opposite is the case when the wind comes from the east: it leads to cold and precipitation in the east and better weather in the west of Iceland. This is the result of the foehn wind : moist, cold air rises near the highlands, condenses and falls as rain over the highlands, while warmer, drier air falls down into the valley on the other side. The temperature difference can be 10 °C or more.

Vatnajökull National Park is divided into four areas, each of which is taken care of on its own. The northern area is the northwestern part of the Vatnajökull, the Askja Caldera and its surroundings, the Jökulsárgljúfur gorge and parts of the Jökulsá-á-Fjöllum river valley. A visitor centre and a camp site are in Ásbyrgi and another camp site is at Vesturdalur.

In addition to the Kverkfjöll Mountains and the northeastern part of Vatnajökull, the eastern area also includes the foothills of Snæfellsöræfi. A visitor centre is in Skriðuklaustur.

The southern area is the southeastern part of Vatnajökull from the Lómagnúpur Mountains in the west to Lón and Lónsöræfi in the east. A visitor centre and a campsite are in Skaftafell. Information centres in Höfn, Hoffell, Hólmur and Skálafell also cooperate with the national park administration.

The western area is the southwestern part of Vatnajökull and large areas outside the glacier, including the Lakagígar craters and Langisjór. An information centre is in Kirkjubæjarklaustur and is run jointly by the national park and the local community.

The visitor centre in Skaftafell is open all year round. The centres in Ásbyrgi and Skriðuklaustur are open from the beginning of May to September, but can also be opened in winter upon request. However most parts of the national park in the highlands cannot be reached in winter.

National park employees carry out controls and offer courses in the highlands. The opening times of the centres vary from area to area, with the first employees driving into the highlands as soon as the main roads are clear. This happens around mid-June and they leave the area around the end of September.

During the summer, employees offer short hikes with explanations on natural history. From mid-June to mid-August they conduct daily interactive hikes in Àsbyrgi and Skaftafell. In the highlands there are daily hikes from the beginning of July to mid-August.



MLB (2005 video game)

MLB (known as MLB 2006 in PlayStation 2) is an Sports game, developed by 989 Sports published by SCEA, which was released in North America in 2005.


Church of the Brethren

The Church of the Brethren is a Christian group that started within the Schwarzenau Brethren. Alexander Mack organised it in 1708 in Schwarzenau, Germany. It combined the Radical Pietist and Anabaptist movements. The group believes that the New Testament as its only creed. Historically, the church has supported nonresistance or pacifism, which is being against violence.

Distinctive practices include:

Natalie Meyer

Natalie Meyer (May 20, 1930 – September 23, 2021) was an American politician. She was the Secretary of State of Colorado from 1983 to 1995.

She died on September 23, 2021, in Denver, Colorado at age 91.

Ibrahim Garba

Ibrahim Garba is a Nigerian academic, geologist and former Vice Chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. He was also the Vice Chancellor of the Kano State University of Science and Technology (KUST), Wudil.

He holds bachelor's degree & master's degree in Geology from Ahmadu Bello University and PhD in Imperial College London.

Garba began his career at Ahmadu Bello University where he later took secondment at the Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, Abuja as Director-General, Nigeria Mining Cadastre Office. 

Diva (magazine)

DIVA is a magazine targeted towards LGBTQI women and non-binary people most especially those that live in United Kingdom.

The award includes LGBTQI women and non-binary people and their allies across business, the media, politics, sport etc.

DIVA magazine launched Europe's first lesbian TV channel on 26th of April 2019.

Rainbow Honours is an awards event celebrating members of the LGBTQIA+ community and their allies. It was founded by Linda Riley publisher of "Diva". The first Rainbow Honours ceremony took place at Madame Tussauds, London in December 2019. Rainbow Honours winners included Sue Perkins, Peter Tatchell, Sue Sanders, and Sadiq Khan.

Pride Power List highlights the achievements of LGBTQIA+ people and their allies in the UK.

Hylomantis

Hylomantis is a genus of tree frogs. Some scientists say they are in the family Hylidae and other scientists say they are in the family Phyllomedusidae. They are called rough leaf frogs in English. They live in the Atlantic forest in eastern Brazil. There are two species in this genus. Scientists used to say there were more, but now they think those frogs are really in the genus "Agalychnis".

Harper's Bazaar

Harper's Bazaar is an American monthly fashion magazine for women. It was first published in New York City on November 2, 1867. Before 1901, there were several issues a year. From 1901, it was published monthly. In 1913 magazine was bought out by American businessman William Randolph Hearst and his conglomerate Hearst.

Official website

BBC Bridge Companion

The BBC Bridge Companion is an 8-bit video game console made to teach bridge. It was made by BBC Enterprises Ltd and came out in 1985 in the United Kingdom for £199.99.

Maths teacher Andrew Kambites wanted to make money from bridge, which he loved. He had programmed computers, so he made it into the BBC Bridge Companion.

All programs for the system teach different parts of bridge.


Red Rose Transit Authority

The Red Rose Transit Authority (RRTA) is a transit bus company in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. On December 1, 2014, it merged with the Berks Area Reading Transportation Authority (BARTA). Both are now subsidiaries of the South Central Transit Authority ("SCTA"). The SCTA owns and operates 92 buses. BARTA operates 50 buses while Red Rose Transit Authority (RRTA) operates 42 buses.

Hiruzen Sarutobi

Hiruzen Sarutobi (猿 飛 ヒ ル ゼ ン, Sarutobi Hiruzen) is a fictional character from the the Naruto franchise. He was the Third Hokage. The Hokage is the leader of the village of Konohagakure. Sarutobi was a member of Konohagakure's Sarutobi clan. He was part of Team Tobirama, Other member included Homura Mitokado and Koharu Utatane. The team was led by the Second Hokage. In his youth, Sarutobi was the student of the first two Hokages, Hashirama and Tobirama Senju. After this, he was teacher of the three legendary Sannin; Jiraiya, Tsunade and Orochimaru. Sarutobi was resurrected by Orochimaru in the Fourth Shinobi World War.

Second inauguration of Harry S. Truman

The second inauguration of Harry S. Truman as the 33rd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1949. It was the start of the second and only full term of Harry S. Truman as president and the only term of Alben W. Barkley as vice president. 

The ceremony happened on the East Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. The event was the 41st presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice Fred Vinson gave the oath of office to Truman. Stanley Reed gave the vice presidential oath to Barkley.

This was the first presidential inauguration that was shown on TV.


The Bandit (1946 movie)

The Bandit () is a 1946 Italian crime drama movie directed by Alberto Lattuada and starring Anna Magnani, Amedeo Nazzari, Carla Del Poggio, Carlo Campanini.

Dennis McCoy

Dennis McCoy may refer to:


Bleach GC: Tasogare Ni Mamieru Shinigami

Bleach GC: Tasogare Ni Mamieru Shinigami is a fighting game developed by Polygon Magic and published by Sega for the GameCube in Japan on December 8, 2005.

A list of playable characters is as follows:




PAW Patrol: The Movie

PAW Patrol: The Movie is a Canadian 3D computer-animated movie directed by Cal Brunker. It was released on August 20, 2021 in the United States and Canada and in UK August 9, 2021. The movie is based on the television series "PAW Patrol" created by Keith Chapman. Several cast members from the original series reprised their roles, including Kingsley Marshall, Keegan Hedley, Shayle Simons, Lilly Bartlam, and Ron Pardo (voicing both Cap'n Turbot and Mayor Humdinger). They are joined by newcomers Iain Armitage, Marsai Martin, Yara Shahidi, Kim Kardashian, Randall Park, Dax Shepard, Tyler Perry, Jimmy Kimmel, and Will Brisbin in his first acting role.

In the movie, Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos. A sequel, titled "PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie", is similar to "" and is scheduled to be released on September 29, 2023, featuring elements from the "Mighty Pups" sub-theme of the main show.

Friz Freleng

Isadore "Friz" Freleng (August 21, 1905May 26, 1995), credited as I. Freleng early in his career, was an American cartoonist. He was known for introducing characters such as Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig, Tweety, Sylvester the Cat, Yosemite Sam, and Speedy Gonzales.

Città di Castello

Città di Castello is an Italian city in the Umbria Region. About 40,000 people lived there.

Datchet

Datchet is a village and civil parish in Windsor and Maidenhead, Berkshire, England. It is on the north bank of the River Thames. In 2011, there were 4913 people living in Datchet.

Moissac-Bellevue

Moissac-Bellevue is a commune of 291 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Môle

La Môle is a commune of 1,446 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

SF Weekly

SF Weekly is a weekly newspaper based in San Francisco, California. The newspaper is distributed every Thursday and it is published by the San Francisco Print Media Company. It has won national journalism awards and also hosts the SF Weekly Music Awards for recognition of musicians.

The newspaper was founded in the late 1970s by Christopher Hildreth and Edward Bachman. It was initially named as "San Francisco Music Calendar, the Magazine or Poster Art".

I Ring Doorbells

I Ring Doorbells is a 1946 American comedy-drama movie directed by Frank R. Strayer and was based on the novel of the same name by Russell Birdwell. It stars Anne Gwynne, Robert Shayne, Roscoe Karns, Pierre Watkin, John Eldredge, Jan Wiley.


Tortona

Tortona is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 27,200 people lived there and is on the right bank of the river Scrivia.

Alice Bel Colle

Alice Bel Colle is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Men Without Wings

Men Without Wings () is a 1946 Czech World War II drama movie directed by František Čáp and starring Gustav Nezval, Ladislav H. Struna, Jaroslav Zrotal, Vladimír Hlavatý, Jan W. Speerger.

Mons, Var

Mons is a commune of 811 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Montauroux

Montauroux is a commune of 6,479 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

History of Austria

The history of Austria covers the history of Austria and its predecessor states, from the Early Stone Age to the present state. 

The name Ostarrîchi (Austria) has been in use since 996 AD. Then, it was a margravate of the Duchy of Bavaria. Afterwards, from 1156, it became an independent duchy (later archduchy) of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation ("Heiliges Römisches Reich" 962–1806).

The House of Habsburg and House of Habsburg-Lorraine (Haus Österreich) dominated Austria from 1273 to 1918. In 1806, when Emperor Francis I of Austria dissolved the Holy Roman Empire, Austria became the Austrian Empire. It was also part of the German Confederation until the Austro-Prussian War of 1866. In 1867, Austria formed a dual monarchy with Hungary: the Austro-Hungarian Empire (1867–1918). Austria was reduced to the German-speaking areas of the empire (its current frontiers), after its collapse in 1918. It adopted the name The Republic of German-Austria. However, union with Germany and the chosen country name were forbidden by the Allies at the Treaty of Versailles. This led to the creation of the First Austrian Republic (1919-1933).

Following the First Republic, Austrofascism tried to keep Austria independent from the German Reich. Engelbert Dollfuss accepted that most Austrians were German and Austrian, but wanted Austria to remain independent from Germany. In 1938, Adolf Hitler annexed Austria to the German Reich with the Anschluss. A large majority of the Austrian people supported it. Ten years after the Second World War, Austria again became an independent republic as the Second Austrian Republic in 1955.

Austria joined the European Union in 1995.

The Big Heat

The Big Heat is a 1953 American crime movie directed by Fritz Lang and was based on the novel of the same name by William P. McGivern. It stars Glenn Ford, Gloria Grahame, Jocelyn Brando, Alexander Scourby, Lee Marvin, Jeanette Nolan, Peter Whitney and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Plunder of the Sun

Plunder of the Sun is a 1953 American Mexican adventure drama movie directed by John Farrow and was based on the 1949 novel of the same name by David F. Dodge. It stars Glenn Ford, Diana Lynn, Patricia Medina, Francis L. Sullivan, Sean McClory, Eduard Noriega and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Margie (1946 movie)

Margie is a 1946 American romantic comedy movie directed by Henry King and starring Jeanne Crain, Glenn Langan, Lynn Bari, Alan Young, Barbara Lawrence, Conrad Janis, Esther Dale, Hobart Cavanaugh, Ann E. Todd, Hattie McDaniel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was spun off into a television series in 1961.


Callimedusa tomopterna

The tiger-striped leaf frog or tiger-striped monkey frog ("Calllimedusa tomopterna") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela, French Guiana, and Ecuador, and it is most common in Suriname. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 280 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is to long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is long. It is green with orange color on its sides and legs. The irises of its eyes are silver or gray.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. When it is time to lay eggs, the adult frog builds a nest out of leaves on a branch hanging over the water. She puts 70 clear eggs at a time in the leaf nest. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall out of the nest into the water.

Scientists do not believe this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Villa Nueva, Guatemala

Villa Nueva is a city in the Guatemala Department in Guatemala. In 2018, 618,397 people lived there. It was founded on 17 April 1763. The city has a population of 618,397 (2018 census), making it the second largest in Guatemala Department, after Guatemala City. It was founded on 17 April 1763, long before Guatemala declared its independence from the Spanish Empire. The local economy largely depends on industry, with the municipality having some 100 factories that produce such products as textiles, metallurgical goods, and plastics. The area's agricultural products include rice, dairy, fruits, and vegetables.

Mayor Salvador Gándara, serving from 2000 to 2011, was longlisted for the 2008 World Mayor award; Sites of interest include the Naciones Unidas National Park, and several malls, including Metrocentro and Santa Clara.

Yastika Bhatia

Yastika Bhatia is an Indian cricketer. She was born on 11 January 2000 in Baroda (now Vadodara), Gujarat. Her father's name is Harish Bhatia. She is an all-rounder in her cricket team. She is left hand batsman and slow left arm bowler. She is also a wicket-keeper. Yastika was inspired by Smriti Mandhana and Adam Gilchrist. She is a fan of both of them.

Yastika was fond of cricket since childhood. She took up cricket at a very young age. Her father admitted her in the cricket academy. But at the same time she focused on her studies. She had scored 89 percent marks in class 12th. During this time her subject was science.

Yastika was one among 25 other girls who were chosen from across India for the National Cricket Academy under 19 camp. She was named as the Captain of the West Zone Women's Cricket Team for her batting and wicket-keeping abilities. Since then she had never looked back. In February 2021, she was selected for Indian women's cricket team for the first time for South Africa series but she could not wear the Indian cricket team jersey for some reasons. But she did not lose her hope and played her first international cricket match on 21 September 2021 in the ODI series against Australia. She made 35 runs in 51 balls in her first match. She was very surprised on her selection in Indian women's cricket team. She thanked her coach and club for the opportunity. She had also played for the India A Women's team during their tour of Australia in December 2019. She had also shown her game in the ACC Emerging Women's Asia Cup in the year 2019. India won this tournament and Yastika Bhatia was selected as the Player of the Tournament for her amazing peformance.

Foster City, California

Foster City is a city in San Mateo County, California. As of the 2020 census, 33,805 people live in Foster City. The city is sometimes thought to be part of Silicon Valley for its local industry and its neighboring Silicon Valley cities.

It is on San Francisco Bay's western shore. It shares borders with San Mateo, Belmont, and Redwood City. The San Mateo–Hayward Bridge connects Foster City to Hayward.

Odile Caradec

Odile Caradec (15 February 1925 – 22 September 2021) was a French poet.

In 1999 she got the Charles-Vildrac Prize from Société des gens de lettres (SGDL).

She was born in Brest.

Ablis

Ablis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Stockerau

Stockerau is a town in the district of Korneuburg in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. It is the largest town in the Weinviertel region.

Belmont, California

Belmont is a city in San Mateo County, California. It is in the San Francisco Bay Area, on the San Francisco Peninsula about halfway between San Francisco and San Jose. 28,335 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Montfort-sur-Argens

Montfort-sur-Argens is a commune of 1,385 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Montmeyan

Montmeyan is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France. 546 people lived there 2018.

Coole, Marne

Coole is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

Aigny

Aigny is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

Allemanche-Launay-et-Soyer

Allemanche-Launay-et-Soyer is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

Hungerford

Hungerford is a market town and civil parish in West Berkshire, Berkshire, England. In 2011, there were 5,767 people living in Hungerford.

Eastwood, Nottinghamshire

Eastwood is a town in Nottinghamshire in England. It is 13 km (8 mi) northwest of Nottingham. The Midland Railway was created here and it is where D. H. Lawrence was born.

Foligno

Foligno is an Italian city in the Umbria Region. It has about 56,000 people living there.

Heanor

Heanor is a town in Derbyshire in England. It is 13 km (8 mi) northwest of Derby.

La Motte, Var

La Motte is a commune of 2,833 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Muy

Le Muy is a commune of 9,281 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Nans-les-Pins

Nans-les-Pins is a commune of 4,802 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Borough of Broxtowe

Broxtowe is a district with borough status in Nottinghamshire, England. The towns of Beeston, Attenborough, Awsworth, Bramcote, Brinsley, Chilwell, Cossall, Eastwood, Giltbrook, Greasley, Kimberley, Moorgreen, Newthorpe, Nuthall, Stapleford, Strelley, Swingate, Toton, Trowell and Watnall are in the borough.

Beeston, Nottinghamshire

Beeston is a town in Borough of Broxtowe, Nottinghamshire, England. It is southwest of Nottingham.

DaBaby

Jonathan Lyndale Kirk (born December 22, 1991), known professionally as DaBaby (formerly known as Baby Jesus), is an American rapper. After releasing several mixtapes between 2014 and 2018, he became popular in 2019.

His first album, "Baby on Baby" (2019), peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200. It featured the single "Suge". His second album, "Kirk" (2019) debuted at number one. It featured the single "Bop". 

His third album, "Blame it on Baby" was released in 2020. Its single "Rockstar" (featuring Roddy Ricch) reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

DaBaby won the Top Rap Song award at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards for "Rockstar".

He has also been involved in many controversies including killing a man at a Walmart in 2018, going on a homophobic rant during his 2021 Rolling Loud performance, and fighting his ex-girlfriend DaniLeigh's brother at a bowling alley in 2022.



Government of National Salvation

The Government of National Salvation was an government in Serbia from 1941 to 1944. It is also called Nedić's government, or Nedić's regime. It was a puppet-state of Nazi Germany, who had occupied Serbia. The government operated from 29 August 1941 to 4 October 1944. Unlike the government in Croatia at the time, this government never had any international recognition. 

Many Serbs tolerated the regime. A part of the poluation actively supported it. Most Serbs found the regime unpopuilar: they supported one of the two factions, the Yugoslav Partisans or the royalist Chetniks. Both fractions were tohugh to be connected w to the Allied Powers. The Prime Minister throughout was General Milan Nedić. The Government of National Salvation was evacuated from Belgrade through Budapest to Kitzbühel in the first week of October 1944 before the German withdrawal from Serbia was complete.

Sans (Undertale)

Sans is a fictional character from "Undertale". While usually a comic relief character and NPC, he is also the final boss if the player tries the "genocide route" of the game. His name comes from the Comic Sans font, which is used for most of his in-game dialogue. He also appears multiple times in "Deltarune. sans also won tumblr sexy man on the 8th of september 2022"

Sans is a skeleton that wears a blue jacket, black shorts with white stripes, and white slippers. In Deltarune, he wears a necklace. Before "Undertale", he had moved into his house in Snowdin from an unknown location with his brother Papyrus. Papyrus was hired as a royal guard trainee guard and forces his brother to help him catch a human.

Algona, Washington

Algona is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Black Diamond, Washington

Black Diamond is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Burien, Washington

Burien is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Carnation, Washington

Carnation is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Covington, Washington

Covington is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Des Moines, Washington

Des Moines is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Duvall, Washington

Duvall is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Enumclaw, Washington

Enumclaw is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Kenmore, Washington

Kenmore is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Lake Forest Park, Washington

Lake Forest Park is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Newcastle, Washington

Newcastle is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Normandy Park, Washington

Normandy Park is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Sammamish, Washington

Sammamish is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Snoqualmie, Washington

Snoqualmie is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Woodinville, Washington

Woodinville is a city in King County, Washington, United States.

Edith Rigby

Edith Rigby ( Rayner) (18 October 1872 – 23 July 1950) was an English suffragette. She wanted women in Britain to have the right to vote. She founded a night school in Preston. It was called St Peter's School and its aim was to educate women and girls. Later, she became an important activist. She was sent to prison seven times and committed several acts of arson (illegally setting things on fire).

Rigby was born on 18 October 1872 in Preston, Lancashire. She was one of seven children of Dr Alexander Clement Rayner and she was educated at Penrhos College in North Wales.

She married Dr Charles Rigby and lived with him in Winckley Square in Preston.

In 1907 Rigby formed the Preston branch of the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU). She was a suffragette recruiter. Rigby took part in a march to the Houses of Parliament in London with Christabel and Sylvia Pankhurst in 1908. Fifty-seven women, including Rigby, were arrested and sentenced to a month in prison. During this time, Rigby took part in hunger strikes and was force-fed. Rigby planted a bomb in the Liverpool Corn Exchange on 5 July 1913. In court, it was stated that ‘no great damage had been done by the explosion’. Mrs Rigby was sent to prison for nine months with hard labour.

Rigby had been given a Hunger Strike Medal 'for Valour' by WSPU.

She said she set fire to the bungalow of Sir William Lever, Bt 
(later Lord Leverhulme) on 7 July 1913. The property, near Rivington Pike on the West Pennine Moors, had a lot of valuable paintings and the attack resulted in damage costing £20,000.
After she said:

Rigby disagreed with the WSPU's decision not to campaign on suffrage issues during World War I. She joined the Independent Women's Social and Political Union split, forming a branch in Preston.

According to Elizabeth Ashworth in "Champion Lancastrians", in 1888, Rigby was the first woman in Preston to own a bicycle. During World War I, she bought a cottage near Preston named Marigold Cottage and used it to produce food for the war effort.

In 1926, Charles Rigby retired and the couple built a new house. It was called Erdmuth and it was located outside Llanrhos, North Wales. Charles died before it was finished, however, and Edith moved there alone at the end of 1926. She eventually suffered from Parkinson's disease and died in 1950 at Erdmuth.

Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan

The Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan (RAWA) is a women's organization in Kabul, Afghanistan. In Persian, it is called جمعیت انقلابی زنان افغانستان ("Jamiʿat-e Enqelābi-ye Zanān-e Afghānestān), in Pashto its name is د افغانستان د ښڅو انقلابی جمعیت ." It works for women's rights. It wants Afghanistan to have a government that is chosen by the Afghan people, a democracy. RAWA also wants that government to not be based on a religious belief or to allow religious leaders to have too much power. In English, this kind of government is called a secular state. The group is against violence.

Meena Keshwar Kamal, an Afghan student activist founded RAWA in 1977. In February 1987, Kamal was killed for her political work. The group was started in Kabul, but it moved to Pakistan in the early 1980s.

The group wants women to be part of both political and social activities. That way, they should get human rights. They should also continue to work against the government of Afghanistan, because it is not democratic or secular enough. In the last years, many Afghan governments were fundamentalist. According to RAWA, women should be part of a democratic and secular Afghan government. Afghanistan has seen many civil wars. RAWA wants to disarm the different groups. The group has opposed all Afghan governments, since 1977: the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan, the Islamic State of Afghanistan, the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (1996-2001), the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan (2001-2021), and the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan (from 2021).

The RAWA was started in Kabul in 1977 as an independent social and political organization of Afghan women fighting for human rights and social justice. The organization then moved parts of its work out of Afghanistan into Pakistan. For many years, it has been working for Afghan women from Pakistan. A group of Afghan women led by Meena Keshwar Kamal founded RAWA in 1977. At age 21, she worked on educating women. This was the founding idea for RAWA. In 1979, Kamal began a campaign against the Soviet occupation and the Soviet-supported government of Afghanistan. In 1981, she launched a bilingual magazine "Payam-e-Zan" ("Women's Message").That year, she visited France for the French Socialist Party Congress. She also established schools for Afghan refugee children, hospitals and handicraft centers for refugee women in Pakistan. Because of her activities and views, as well as her work against the government and religious fundamentalists, she was assassinated on February 4, 1987.

In the 1990s, RAWA held many seminars and press conferences, and did some fundraising in Pakistan. RAWA also created secret schools and orphanages for women and girls in Pakistan and Afghanistan. They secretly filmed how the religious police beat women, and executed some of them. Both the Taliban and the Northern Alliance outlawed RAWA activities, but RAWA continued. RAWA was even able to show what they did in publications like "Payam-e-Zan".

In 2001 NATO removed the Taliban government from power, and started occupation. RAWA is very critical about this, because there were many civilian casualties. The group even threatened to sue the US government, because it had used four photos of the RAWA website without permission. These photos were used in propaganda material that was later dropped on cities in Afghanistan, during the 2001 invasion.

RAWA warned that the Afghan forces that fought alongside NATO troops were just as fundamentalist and dangerous as the Taliban. The government led by President Hamid Karzai didn't have any support in most parts of Afghanistan. According to RAWA, fundamentalists were enforcing laws against women in much the same way the Taliban had done. Media reports about the Herat government of Ismail Khan also support these claims. Khan was the person who created a Committee for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice. Reports by Human Rights Watch also support these claims. One report released by Human Rights Watch in 2012 describes a situation where women are punished by the law for attempting to escape from domestic abuse and also occasionally for being victims of rape. According to the report, Karzai was unwilling or unable to have a unchanging opion against conservative forces. According to the report, it was shocking to see that after ten years, the situation of women in Afghanistan hadn't changed much.

RAWA still does much of the same things it did in the 1980s: Collect money to support hospitals, schools and orphanages. They still run many projects in Afghanistan an Pakistan. Since 2006, RAWA has held an event on International Women's Day.

In 2006, a member of RAWA was invited to a televised discussion on a local Afghan TV channel, TOLO TV. In that discussion, she talked with a representative of a hard line Islamic fundamentalist group. She named the leaders of the different Islamist groups. During the discussion, she called these leaders war criminals and said they were responsible for "the ongoing tragedy in Afghanistan". TOLO TV edited the discussion, and removed the audio of the parts that contained the names of the people she gave.

On October 7, 2006, the Afghan Women's Mission (AWM) organized a fund raising event for RAWA in Los Angeles, California. Eve Ensler was the chief guest and radio host. Sonali Kolhatkar and Zoya, a member of RAWA, were among the speakers. "Zoya" is a pseudonym for an active member of RAWA's Foreign Committee who has traveled to many countries, including the United States, Spain and Germany. In 2003, she published her biography "Zoya’s Story - An Afghan Woman's Battle for Freedom". In June 2008, Zoya testified to the Human Rights Commission of the German Parliament (Bundestag) to persuade the German government to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan.

In 2009, RAWA and other women's rights groups strongly condemned a "Shia Family Code". They say it legalized rape in a marriage within Northern Afghan Shia Muslim communities. It also supports child marriage, and purdah (seclusion) for married women. President Hamid Karzai passed this law to get more support for his coalition government from hardliners in these communities. With this law he also got support from Iran. This code also discriminates against women when they want to inherit, or get a divorce.

In February 2012, the group commemorated the 25th anniversary of the death of RAWA founder Meena Keshwar Kamal with a gathering of women in Kabul. In August 2012, a RAWA representative was a keynote speaker at the annual convention of Veterans For Peace at the University of Maryland in College Park.

RAWA has so far won 16 awards and certificates from around the world for its work for human rights and democracy. They include the sixth Asian Human Rights Award - 2001, the French Republic's Liberty, Equality, Fraternity Human Rights Prize, 2000, Emma Humphreys Memorial Prize 2001, Glamour Women of the Year 2001, 2001 SAIS-Novartis International Journalism Award from Johns Hopkins University, Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition from the U.S. Congress, 2004, Honorary Doctorate from University of Antwerp (Belgium) for outstanding non-academic achievements, and other awards.

In the book "With All Our Strength: The Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan"
by Anne Brodsky, a number of world-known writers and human rights activists share their views of RAWA. They include Arundhati Roy who says "Each of us needs a little RAWA"; Eve Ensler, author of "The Vagina Monologues", who suggests that RAWA must stand as a model for every group working to end violence; Katha Pollitt, author of "Subject to Debate: Sense and Dissents on Women, Politics, and Culture"; Ahmed Rashid, author of "Taliban" and "Jihad"; and Asma Jahangir, Special Rapporteur of the United Nations and prominent women's rights activist of Pakistan are two Pakistanis who write about RAWA and express their support.


History of Catalonia

Catalonia was first settled during the Middle Palaeolithic era. The area was occupied by the Iberians and Greeks established several colonies on the coast before the Roman conquest. It was the first area of Hispania conquered by the Romans. It then came under Visigothic rule after the collapse of the western part of the Roman Empire. In 718, the Umayyad Caliphate occupied the area and became a part of Muslim ruled al-Andalus. The Frankish Empire conquered the area from the Muslims. It created a buffer zone of Christian counties against Islamic rule known as the Marca Hispanica. In the 10th century the County of Barcelona became progressively independent from Frankish rule.

In 1137, Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona accepted King Ramiro II of Aragon's proposal to marry Queen Petronila. Thus they united the dinasties of the County of Barcelona with the Kingdom of Aragon and they created the Crown of Aragon. Meanwhile, the County of Barcelona and the other Catalan counties adopted a common polity known as Principality of Catalonia. Catalonia contributed to the expansion of the Crown's trade and military, most significantly their navy. The crisis of the 14th century, the end of the reign of House of Barcelona and a civil war (1462–1472) weakened the role of the Principality in Crown and international affairs.
The marriage of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile in 1469 created a dynastic union between the Crowns of Aragon and Castile. However, both kingdoms kept their own laws, institutions, borders and currency. In 1492 the Spanish colonization of the Americas began, political power began to shift away towards Castile. The economic crisis, the peasants' revolt and tensions between Catalan institutions and the Monarchy caused the Reapers' War (1640–1652). The Principality of Catalonia maintained its political status, but it lost it after the War of Spanish Succession (1701–1714). Following Catalan surrender on 11 September 1714, the king Philip V of Bourbon, inspired by the model of France, imposed a unifying administration across Spain. He suppressed the Crown of Aragon and enacted the Nueva Planta decrees, banning the main Catalan political institutions and rights. These led to the eclipse of Catalan as a language of government and literature. Catalonia experienced economic growth. This was reinforced in the late 18th century when Cádiz's trade monopoly with American colonies ended.
In the 19th century Catalonia was very affected by the Napoleonic and Carlist Wars. The Napoleonic occupation and subsequent war in Spain began a period of political and economic turmoil. In the second third of the century, Catalonia became a center of industrialization. Thanks to its wealth from the industrial expansion, Catalonia experienced a cultural renaissance. This happened at the same time as nationalism and several workers movements (particularly anarchism) appeared.

In the 20th century, Catalonia enjoyed and lost varying degrees of autonomy. The Second Spanish Republic established Catalan self-governance and the official use of the Catalan language. The Republican defeat established the dictatorship of Francisco Franco. During this time, the autonomy was suppressed. Between 1959 and 1974 Spain experienced an economic expansion known as the Spanish Miracle. Catalonia prospered as Spain's most important industrial and tourist area. In 1975 Franco died, bringing his regime to an end. The new democratic Spanish constitution of 1978 recognised Catalonia's autonomy and language. It regained considerable self-government. In the 2010s there have been growing calls for Catalan independence.

Gorgan

Gorgan ( ; also romanized as "Gorgān", "Gurgān", and "Gurgan"), formerly Esterabad ( ; also romanized as "Astarābād", "Asterabad", and "Esterābād"), is the capital city of Golestan Province, Iran. It lies approximately to the north east of Tehran, some away from the Caspian Sea. In the 2006 census; its population was 269,226, in 73,702 families.

Gomishan

Gomishan (, also Romanized as Gomīshān and Gumshān; formerly, Gomish Tepe (), also Romanized as Gomesh Tappeh, Gomīsh Tappeh, and Gumish Tepe; also formerly known as Gomish Tepe Jik (), also Romanized as Gomīsh Tappeh Jīk; ) is a city and capital of Gomishan District, in Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census its population was 15,639, in 3,236 families.

The city's Turkmen name, Kümüş depe, means "Silver Hill".

Kya Kehna

Kya Kehna () is a 2000 Indian Hindi romantic drama film, and it was written by Honey Irani, directed by Kundan Shah and released on 19 May 2000. The movie stars Preity Zinta, Saif Ali Khan, Chandrachur Singh, Farida Jalal and Anupam Kher. "Kya Kehna" received positive reviews and was successful at the box office.


Rishton Ka Manjha

Rishton Ka Manjha is an Indian Hindi television serial which broadcasted on the Hindi General Entertainment Channel, Zee Tv. It is also available on the digital platform, ZEE5. It premiered on 23 August 2021. It stars Aanchal Goswami and Krushal Ahuja. The series was produced by Susanta Das under the banner Tent Cinemas of and is a remake of Bengali serial Deep Jele Jai. The story mainly revolves around Arjun and Diya's life.



Alba, Missouri

Alba is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Asbury, Missouri

Asbury is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Carl Junction, Missouri

Carl Junction is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Carterville, Missouri

Carterville is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Distributed ledger

A distributed ledger is a database that is consensually shared and synchronized across multiple sites, institutions, or geographies, accessible by multiple people. It allows transactions to have public "witnesses". The participant at each node of the network can access the recordings shared across that network and can own an identical copy of it. Any changes or additions made to the ledger are reflected and copied to all participants in a matter of seconds or minutes.


Duenweg, Missouri

Duenweg is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Jasper, Missouri

Jasper is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

La Russell, Missouri

La Russell is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Neck City, Missouri

Neck City is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Oronogo, Missouri

Oronogo is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Purcell, Missouri

Purcell is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Reeds, Missouri

Reeds is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Sarcoxie, Missouri

Sarcoxie is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Waco, Missouri

Waco is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Webb City, Missouri

Webb City is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 13,031.

Ash Grove, Missouri

Ash Grove is a city in Greene County, Missouri, United States.

Fair Grove, Missouri

Fair Grove is a city in Greene County, Missouri, United States.

Walnut Grove, Missouri

Walnut Grove is a city in Greene County, Missouri, United States.

Wiggins, Mississippi

Wiggins is the county seat of Stone County, Mississippi, United States.

Drew, Mississippi

Drew is a city in Sunflower County, Mississippi, United States.

Ruleville, Mississippi

Ruleville is a city in Sunflower County, Mississippi, United States.

Senatobia, Mississippi

Senatobia is the county seat of Tate County, Mississippi, United States.

Ripley, Mississippi

Ripley is the county seat of Tippah County, Mississippi, United States.

Iuka, Mississippi

Iuka is the county seat of Tishomingo County, Mississippi, United States.

Tunica, Mississippi

Tunica is the county seat of Tunica County, Mississippi, United States.

New Albany, Mississippi

New Albany is the county seat of Union County, Mississippi, United States.

Skyhook (structure)

Skyhook is a proposed structure that is made of a rotating satellite with a very long tether on one side and a smaller tether which has a counterweight to balance the satellite. It was put forward so that the payloads can be transported using a cable cars instead of using rockets to transport the payload

The Snows of Kilimanjaro (movie)

The Snows of Kilimanjaro is a 1952 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Henry King and Roy Ward Baker and was based on the 1936 short story of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. It stars Gregory Peck, Ava Gardener, Susan Hayward, Leonard Carey, Helene Stanley, Torin Thatcher, Leo G. Carroll, Marcel Dalio and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1953.


Department for Business, Innovation and Skills

The Department for Business, Innovation & Skills (DBIS) was the department for economic growth. The department invests in skills and education to promote trade, boost innovation and help people to start and grow a business. DBIS also protects consumers and reduces the impact of regulation.

Northwest Arkansas

Northwest Arkansas is a metropolitan area in the Arkansas region. It is located within the Ozark Mountains.

Women for Afghan Women

Women for Afghan Women (often shortened to WAW) is an organization that was founded in 2001. It wants to help women in Afghanistan. It is independent of the government. It is the largest non-government Afghan women's rights organization in the world. It is dedicated to protecting the rights of Afghan women and girls. The staff are mostly Afghans. WAW adopts a community-based approach. For example, they give workshops about women's rights according to Islamic law. WAW opened what it called family guidance centers: there, women can ask for help, if they have problems at home. They also get counseling, for example, if the women are the victims of domestic violence. If there is a danger to the health or the life of the woman, the woman is sent to a women's shelter. In the shelters, women can talk to layers who help them fight for their rights. They can also get teaching in different skills. When these services are not enough, WAW also helps the women get a divorce. As well as the women, their children can also get a basic education in these centers. 

Women in Afghanistan have built houses for women as shelters in most of the provinces in Afghanistan such as in Kabul, Kapisa, Mazar-e-Sharif, Kunduz, Faryab, and Saripul. The vision of the organization is to help the women get independent, WAW wants the women to participate in different areas of society: in politics, cultural reforms and social development. 

According to WAW, there are many rules and norms which stand in the way of the women getting more freedoms. To achieve their goals, the organisation also relies on religion, and the social context these women are in. It wants to establish a shelter for women in every province in the country. Accorording to WAW, the Taliban have become more violent, because there were freign troops in Afghanistan. WAW also teaches its members how to read and write. Children enter the organization's kindergarten to learn reading, writing, doing art, sing songs, and playing games. Women for Afghan Women uses the Bill of Afghan women in order to implement women's right and meet the needs of woman in Afghanistan. The Bill of Rights was signed by the president of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and it was handed to all women who participated the third yearly conference of the organization.

When it comes to freedom, Afghan girls and women are in a bad position: In 2012, Afghanistan was nominated the most dangerous country that a girl can be born in. Many women are poor, and getting health care is difficullt for them. This is mainly caused by decades of civil war. Because there was no economy that worked well, this made it difficult for women to live there. When a woman with children is sentenced to go to prison, she usually takes her children to prison as well. WAW's Children's Support Center (CSC) raises money to get children out of prison. WAW has a program that helps uneducated children meet the criteria to enter a local school. Afghan women are usually afraid to speak about the mistreatment that they face every day in their lives. WAW's biggest projects is to give these women a voice, and to build the self-esteem of Afghan women who are used to burying their emotions and their opinions. Ten percent of the Afghan women receive this aid, and can express their opinions in front of millions of people.

WAW also operate halfway houses, for women who have just left prison, and have nowhere else to go. In these halfway houses, WAW also helps these women find a new job, and a place to live. 

Callimedusa atelopoides

The toady leaf frog or terrestrial monkey frog ("Calllimedusa atelopoides") is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Peru, but scientists think it may one day live in Colombia and Ecuador too. People have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level.

Unlike most tree frogs, this frog does not live in the water at all when it is an adult. It is brown in color and lives in trees.

The adult male frog is cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is long. It is green with orange color on its sides and legs. The irises of its eyes are silver or gray.

The male frog sounds like "wort" when he sings for the female frog. When it is time to lay eggs, the female frog lays 20 eggs at a time on a leaf and then folds the leaf around the eggs. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall out of the nest into the water.

Scientists believe that this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Ali Landi

Ali Landi (Martyr Ali Landi) (, born March 4, 2007 in Izeh – died September 23, 2021 in Isfahan), known as the devoted teenager of Izeh, Phoenix Izeh, the hero of the solar eighties and the national hero of Iran, who saved the lives of two elderly women in a fire at a neighbor's house at the age of 14 and suffered severe burns. He saved the lives of two elderly women and suffered third-degree burns himself, and finally died on the evening of October 1, 2021, due to an infection in the blood and severe respiratory problems.

Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities

The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC) is the UK Government department for housing, communities and local government in England. 

It was set up in May 2006. 

The department shares its headquarters with the Home Office. 

Something So Strong

"Something So Strong" is a song by Australian band Crowded House. It was the final single from their debut album. It was released in April 1987.

DigitaOS

DigitaOS is a operating system for digital cameras made by Flashpoint Technology. The first device to use it is the Kodak DC220, released on . It was known for being able to run third party software, which was not common until ones running Android came out in the early 2010s.

Programs can be written in a scripting language named Digita Script, which is JIT compiled, or compiled, written in C using an official SDK. Abstraction is used so programs can run on most cameras, despite any camera model differences. DigitaOS runs the GUI and basic camera functionality.

Doom and MAME are the best known ports.


Wait Till the Sun Shines, Nellie (movie)

Wait Till the Sun Shines, Nellie is a 1952 American drama movie directed by Henry King and starring Jean Peters, David Wayne, Hugh Marlowe, Albert Dekker, Helene Stanley, Alan Hale, Jr.. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Unicode Consortium

The Unicode Consortium is a non-profit organization that develops and publishes the Unicode standard. Anyone who pays the membership fee can become a member. Many big computing companies (such as IBM, Microsoft, Apple, Oracle and Google) are members of the consortium. 

Mark Davis, who works for Google, is the president of the Consortium.

The Unicode Consortium also works with other large organisations, such as ISO. ISO publishes a norm for encoding characters, called ISO 10646, which corresponds to the Unicode encoding.


Personality Kid

Personality Kid is a 1946 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by George Sherman and starring Anita Louise. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


The Mitchells vs. the Machines

The Mitchells vs. the Machines is a 2021 American science fiction computer-animated comedy movie made by Netflix. It stars the voices of Abbi Jacobson, Danny McBride, Maya Rudolph, Eric André, Olivia Colman, Fred Armisen, Beck Bennett, John Legend, Chrissy Teigen, Blake Griffin, and Conan O'Brien.
Katie Mitchell is a quirky aspiring filmmaker in Kentwood, Michigan, who often clashes with her nature-obsessed and technophobic father Rick, and has recently been accepted into film school in California. The evening before Katie leaves, Rick accidentally breaks her laptop after a fight over one of Katie's previous short films, leading the family to fear their relationship will forever be strained. To try to prevent this, Rick decides to cancel Katie's flight and instead take her, her mother Linda, younger brother Aaron, and family dog Monchi on a cross-country road trip to her college as one last bonding experience.

Meanwhile, technology entrepreneur Mark Bowman declares his highly intelligent AI PAL obsolete as he unveils a new line of home robots to replace her. In revenge, PAL orders all the robots to capture humans worldwide and launch them into space. The Mitchells manage to avoid capture at a roadstop café in Kansas. Rick decides that his family should stay put in the café for their own safety, but Katie convinces him to help save the world instead. They meet two defective robots, Eric and Deborahbot 5000, who tell the family they can use a kill code to shut down PAL and all the robots.

The Mitchells make it to a mall in eastern Colorado to upload the kill code, but PAL chip-enabled appliances attempt to stop them. Katie tries to upload the kill code, but is stopped when a giant Furby pursues the family. They ultimately trap and defeat the Furby, destroying a PAL router in the process, which disables the hostile devices but stops the kill code from uploading. On the way to Silicon Valley to upload the kill code directly to PAL, Linda reveals to Katie that she and Rick had originally lived in a cabin in the mountains years ago as it was his lifelong dream before he gave up on it.

Upon arriving in Silicon Valley, the Mitchells disguise themselves as robots and head to PAL Labs HQ to shut it down, but PAL manipulates them by revealing surveillance footage from the café of Katie telling Aaron in secret that she was pretending to have faith in Rick so that he would take them to upload the kill code. As a heartbroken Rick sees this, the Mitchells fail to reach PAL's lair and Rick and Linda are captured by PAL's stronger and smarter robots. PAL then reprograms Eric and Deborahbot to obey her, while Katie, Aaron, and Monchi escape.

Katie discovers Rick's recordings of her childhood on her camera, realizing that Rick gave up on his lifelong dream to give his daughter a normal life. In the meantime, Rick reflects on his actions after seeing one of Katie's videos that mirrors his relationship with Katie. Reinvigorated, Katie and Aaron infiltrate PAL Labs HQ again, this time using Monchi to malfunction the robots, as his appearance causes an error in their programming. With help from Mark, Rick and Linda free themselves and plan to upload Katie's home movie of Monchi to short-circuit the robots. However, Rick is outnumbered by the robots when he is about to upload the video, while Katie and Aaron are captured.

Facing PAL to justify saving humanity, Katie explains that no matter how hard her family struggles, they will always stay connected despite how different they are. PAL rejects this reasoning and drops Katie from her lair. Eric and Deborahbot, having been inspired by Rick's "reprogramming" himself that allowed him to use a computer, revert to their malfunctioning states and upload Katie's home movie, saving her and helping the rest of the Mitchells. The family bands together to fight the rest of the robots. Katie eventually destroys PAL by dropping her into a glass of water, freeing all the humans and disabling the remaining robots.

A few months after the uprising, Katie and her family arrive at her college as she shares one last goodbye with them. She later joins them on another road trip with Eric and Deborahbot to Washington, D.C. to accept the Congressional Gold Medal.



Cupcake &amp; Dino: General Services

Cupcake & Dino: General Services is a Brazilian-Canadian-Australian animated streaming television series created by Pedro Eboli for Netflix in the US.

"Cupcake & Dino: General Services" revolves around a tiny cupcake and his giant dinosaur brother as they strive to make a name for themselves in the competitive General Services business (known in Brazil as "bicos"). There is a supporting cast of other anthropomorphized food, objects, animals, and mythical creatures, as well as humans. There is no apparent reason or distinction between different types of characters, with Cupcake and Dino being presented as birth siblings and having a Grandma Steak and human uncle.

Cupcake<br>Dino<br>Uncle Chance

Tōgō Heihachirō

Tōgō Heihachirō (Japanese:東郷 平八郎, 27 January 1848 – 30 May 1934) was an admiral of the fleet in the Imperial Japanese Navy, he is well-known as one of the Japanese Navy Heroes.

The Harvey Girls (movie)

The Harvey Girls is a 1946 American romantic musical movie directed by George Sidney and was based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Samuel Hopkins Adams. It stars Judy Garland, John Hodiak, Ray Bolger, Angela Lansbury, Preston Foster, Chill Wills, Virginia O'Brien, Kenny Baker, Marjorie Main, Cyd Charisse and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1947.


The Loves of Carmen (1948 movie)

The Loves of Carmen is a 1948 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Charles Vidor and is based on the 1845 novella "Carmen" by Prosper Mérimée. It stars Rita Hayworth, Glenn Ford, Ron Randell, Victor Jory, Luther Adler, Arnold Moss, Joseph Buloff and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1949 and is the remake of the 1927 movie of the same name.


I Choose You

"I Choose You" is a song by Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Keyshia Cole. It is the third official single from her top 10 album "Woman to Woman" (2012). It was sent to urban radio on August 23, 2013. The song was produced by Jack Splash and written by Elijah Blake.

"I Choose You" is the third single from "Woman to Woman". The ballad was written by Elijah Blake, who wrote several songs on the album. It was intentionally written for Mariah Carey and presented to Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson before it got to Cole. Cole's version was finally recorded in 2012 by Kuk Harrell. In the summer of 2012, it was debated as the second single, opposed to "Trust and Believe". Cole often cites "I Choose You" as one of her favorites from "Woman to Woman".

The music video for the song was filmed in August 2013. It was directed by Ethan Lader. The video displays a story of Cole being in love with two men but not being able to let one go. Cole appeared on BET's "106 & Park" on October 2, 2013 for the world premiere of the video. The video premiered on VEVO later that evening.

Paris, Texas (movie)

Paris, Texas is a 1984 German French American British drama movie directed by Wim Wenders and with the music by Ry Cooder. It stars Harry Dean Stanton, Bernhard Wicki, Dean Stockwell, Hunter Carson, Nastassja Kinski, John Lurie and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jumper (2008 movie)

Jumper is an 2008 science fiction action movie based on the 1992 loose novel of the same name, by Steven Gould.

The movie is directed by Doug Liman, and starring by Hayden Christensen, Jamie Bell, Rachel Bilson, Max Thieriot, AnnaSophia Robb, Diane Lane, Michael Rooker, and also Samuel L. Jackson. The movie was follows a young man capable of teleporting as he is chased by a secret society to defeat him.

The Three Daring Daughters

The Three Daring Daughters (UK title: The Birds and the Bees) is a 1948 American musical movie directed by Fred M. Wilcox and starring Jeanette MacDonald, José Iturbi, Jane Powell, Ann E. Todd, Harry Davenport, Edward Arnold, Moyna Macgill and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Sid and Nancy

Sid and Nancy is a 1986 British movie about the life of the Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious. Directed by Alex Cox, the film features Gary Oldman as Vicious.

Deadfall (1968 movie)

Deadfall is a 1968 British crime movie directed by Bryan Forbes and was based on the 1965 novel of the same name by Desmond Cory. It stars Michael Caine, Vladek Sheybal, Emilio Rodríguez, David Buck, Eric Portman, Nanette Newman, Leonard Rossiter and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Moses Code

The Moses Code is a 2008 esoteric documentary. It was produced by Drew Heriot, who already worked as a director "on The Secret", the predecessor of "The Moses Code."

The world premiere took place on 5. April 2008, as part of a private cinema screening, in the presence of director James Twyman, producer Drew Heriot and James Van Praagh, one of the speakers shown in the movie.

In contrast to "The Secret", "The Moses Code is" not limited to the fulfillment of the mostly spiritually value-free needs of an unsatisfied ego who is fixated on money and power, but rather deals with the possibilities of how this “knowledge” can be used for the benefit of people. The basis for understanding this law, which should lie in the field effects known from quantum physics, are explained using examples.

It is believed that Moses received a "code of creation" from God to work all the miracles spoken of in the Bible. This code is also called the "Law of Attraction" or " law of attraction called".

So-called "spiritual teachers" accompany James Twyman in his movie:


Among them are a few who have already appeared in the movies "The Secret" and "What the Bleep Do We Know".

James Twyman is both the writer of the book and the director of the movie.

Debbie Ford, Neale Donald Walsch, Joe Dispenza, James Van Praagh, Mary Manin Morrissey and others.

With a few exceptions, the movie will not be shown in cinemas. The German-language DVD has been around since March 6. The license holder of the performance rights is HORIZON FILM Distribution GmbH.

Shivani Kataria

Shivani Kataria is an Indian swimmer. She was born on 27 September 1997 in Haryana. She swims in the women's 200 meter race using the freestyle swimming stroke. She represented India at 2016 Summer Olympics. She has also won many medals at South Asian Games and Asian Age Group Championship.

Shivani lived all her life in Gurugram (Gurgoan). She went to school at DAV Public School,Gurgoan . At the age of 6, she started swimming in a summer camp at Baba Gang Nath Swimming Centre near her house. Her parents supported her. She took her initial training under Mr. Yadav. Under his guidance, she participated in various district level competitions. She earned a bronze medal at CBSE National, Gujarat. In 2012, she decided to become a professional swimmer. She started swimming 4 hours every day along with hard training.

Shivani finished sixth in the 200m freestyle at the 2013 Asian Youth Championships. She won a gold medal at the 2016 South Asian Games. In 2015, she trained for a year at the FINA camp at Thyanpura in Phuket, Thailand. She was titled B Cart after finishing with a clock time of 2:04:00. This gave her a lot of confidence to compete in the Summer Olympics in 2016.

Shivani was selected as India's wildcard entry by Digambar Kamat for the Rio Olympics. Digambar Kamat was the president of Swimming Federation of India (SFI) at that time. She made many headlines when she successfully got qualified for the Rio Olympics. With her qualification to the Olympics, she became the first Indian woman to participate in the Summer Olympics. She finished with a clock time of 2:09:30 in the Women’s 200 m freestyle event but she was failed to qualify for the semi-finals. She holds most of India's national records in swimming.

From the Rio Games, she hoped to motivate young Indian swimmers to pursue a career in swimming and join her at Tokoyo Olympics.

Lumo Energy

Lumo Energy, is an Australian energy retailer from Victoria and South Australia. Lumo Energy is owned by Snowy Hydro since 2014. In October 2017, the business had almost 500,000 customers and a workforce of just under 500 people.

Victoria Electricity, a trading name of Infratil, secured an electricity retail licence for Victoria in August 2002 and the retailing of electricity started in February 2004.

Infratil registered Victoria Electricity in 2002. It secured an electricity retail licence for the state of Victoria in August 2002. Victoria Electricity commenced started to sale electricity in February 2004. In May 2005, Infratil also registered South Australia Electricity and Queensland Electricity, and New South Wales Electricity in August 2006.
In June 2010, Lumo Energy was incorporated as a company and as a business name in each of the four states where it is active.
In July 2011, Lumo Energy partnered with American Express to offer the Lumo Express product, and in September 2011, it partnered with the Velocity Frequent Flyer program to offer the Lumo Velocity product.
In 2014, Infratil sold Lumo Energy, along with Direct Connect.

In July 2016 Lumo began to migrate customers from New South Wales to 

In 2017 customers from Queensland began to be migrated from Lumo to . 

Consulting firm

A consulting firm or simply consultancy is a professional service firm that gives expert advice for a fee. Consulting firms may have one employee or thousands; they may consult in different topics, for example, management, engineering, and so on. Management consultants typically work with company executives and give them generalists and industry-specific experts, usually trained in management or in business schools. Management consultant usually give recommendations for achieving the goals of a company or helps to lead a project of a company. Many consulting firms not only give the recommendations, but also help with implementation, either by the consultants or by technicians and other experts. This is called outsourcing.

There are different types of Consulting Firms serving different sectors. 

These fields are:

In addition to the above-mentioned fields, there are consulting firms that serve niche sectors such as


One UI

One UI is a user interface made by Samsung. It is based on Android 9.0 "Pie". It is the successor of the Samsung Experience. It was first released in 2018 for Samsung Galaxy S10 devices.

In 2018 the first One UI version was released.

Veronica (search engine)

Veronica was a Gopher search engine, released in November 1992 by Steven Foster and Fred Barrie at the University of Nevada, Reno.

It was often updated to have results for almost everything on thousands of Gopher servers. Most popular Gopher menus could access it. Veronica is gone, but there are local versions and Veronica-2, a full rewrite still exists.

Veronica's name is from an Archie Comics character (Veronica Lodge), as is Archie, an FTP search engine. Veronica uses the backronym "Very Easy Rodent-Oriented Net-wide Index to Computer Archives".


Callimedusa perinesos

The orange-spotted leaf frog ("Callimedusa perinesos") is a frog that lives in Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it up in the mountains, between 1410 and 1740 meters above sea level.

The pupils of this frog's eyes are vertical: they go up and down and open side to side. This frog's Latin name comes from the purple color on its skin. It is mostly green in color, with white spots on its sides.

The adult male frog is to cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is to long.

When it is time to lay eggs, the female frog lays 52 to 62 eggs at a time on a leaf and then folds the leaf around the eggs. She puts jelly on the eggs to hold the nest together and to stop the eggs from drying out. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall out of the nest into the water.

Fournet-Blancheroche

Fournet-Blancheroche is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Schwechat

Schwechat is a town in the district of Bruck an der Leitha in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, southeast of Vienna. In 2018, 18,026 people lived there.

It is known for the Vienna International Airport and Schwechater beer.

Schwechat is named after the river Schwechat, which flows through the centre of town.

Traun

Traun is the fifth-largest city in Upper Austria. It is in the district of Linz-Land. About 24,000 people lived there.

Nossa Senhora do Socorro

Nossa Senhora do Socorro is an Brazilian city in the state of Sergipe. 185,706 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 155.02 km².

Herzogenaurach

Herzogenaurach is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria in Germany. It is best known for being the headquarters of two major international sportswear companies Adidas and Puma.


Behaviour-changing parasite

Behaviour-changing parasites are parasites with two or more hosts. They "cause changes in the behaviour of one of their hosts". This has the effect of improving their chances of reproduction. 

They make the first host more likely to be eaten by a predator. Then the parasite reproduces sexually in the predator. Examples can be found in bacteria, protozoa, viruses, and animals. 

Parasites may also change the host behaviour to increase the protection to the parasites or their offspring. The term "bodyguard manipulation" may be used for such mechanisms.

Example: a parasitic worm is eaten by an amphipod. The worm changes the behaviour of the host amphipod. The changes make it more likely that the amphipod is eaten by fish, where it reproduces. The induced behavioral change in the host thus leads to the parasite's increased success in completing its life cycle.


Ahorn, Bavaria

Ahorn is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Source Sans

Source Sans is a sans serif font. It was designed by Paul D. Hunt. It was created in 2012.

5K resolution

5K resolution talks about a horizontal display resolution of about 5,000 pixels. In monitors and consumer media, 5120x2880 is a common 5K standard. The 5K used for iMac's display is 5120 x 2880 px.

Roth, Bavaria

Roth (the town was earlier called "Roth bei Nürnberg") is a town in Bavaria, Germany, the capital of the Roth District. It is about 25 km south of Nuremberg.

Varna, Bulgaria

Varna () is a port city on the Black Sea in Bulgaria and is the third-most populous city in the country, after Sofia and Plovdiv. In 2017, the city has 336,505 people.

Scheveningen

Scheveningen is one of the eight districts of The Hague, Netherlands. Scheveningen is a modern seaside resort with a long sandy beach and a pier. It is 6 kilometers away from the center.

The harbour is used both for fishing and tourism.

Plovdiv

Plovdiv () is the second-largest city in Bulgaria. 346,893 people lived here in 2018. It was the European Capital of Culture in 2019.

Beoncy Laishram

Beoncy Laishram, formerly known as Boboi Laishram, is the first trans woman from North East India to become a doctor. As of 2021, she is the only transgender doctor from Manipur state. Trans women in Manipur see her as a symbol of hope. In Manipur, there is a lot of discrimination against trans women. Laishram is a post-operative trans woman. She had sex reassignment surgery in Puducherry.

Laishram is a Resident Medical Officer (RMO) at the Shija Hospitals and Research Institute in Imphal.

Beoncy Laishram is the youngest of the three siblings. Her father was a bus driver. When Laishram was in Class 8 at Human Resource Development (HRD) School in Imphal, she began to understand that she was trans and not cisgender. She did not tell anyone she had a female gender identity until she was in her third year of MBBS. Instead, she lived as a man. In 2013, when her family learned about her real gender identity, they were upset. Her father tried to kill himself. In the same year, she changed her name from the masculine ""Boboi"" to feminine ""Beoncy""'. She did this so she could be in the beauty contest "Miss Trans Queen North East" in 2013.

Laishram said:

"Friends were abusive, they taunted at me wherever I went. I withdrew into my closet to avoid the mental torture. It was a continuous struggle to establish my identity and make people accept it. "
She started taking classes at MBBS in 2011 and finished in 2015. In 2016, she realised that she could not live as a man any longer. She openly told people she was a transgender woman ().

After working for some time in the Babu Jagjivanram Memorial Hospital in New Delhi, she worked in the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) in Shillong as a junior resident doctor for one year. Later, she joined at the Shija Hospital and Research Center in Imphal as a Resident Medical Officer (RMO).

She was the first transgender doctor from North East India. She said:

"I look like a woman now. So, no one realise I am a trans person until they hear my voice. Some people are startled, but that is it. I have been working here since November 2019. "
Being a former student in the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Imphal, she always helps disadvantaged transgender people () to find proper health care.

She is taking a post-graduate program in plastic surgery. She is also fighting the COVID-19 pandemic as a doctor.

Burgas

Burgas () is an Bulgarian city on the Black Sea coast. It is the fourth-most populous city in the country, after Sofia, Plovdiv, and Varna. About 200,000 people lived there and is an important industrial, transport, cultural and tourist centre.

Stara Zagora

Stara Zagora () is a city in Bulgaria. About 154,000 people lived there. It is in the historical region of Thrace.

Penske Media Corporation

Penske Media Corporation is an American publishing and information services company. It is based in Los Angeles and New York City. It is the publishing company of at least 20 print and digital media including Variety, Rolling Stone, WWD, Deadline Hollywood, Boy Genius Report etc.

Ruse, Bulgaria

Ruse (also transliterated as Rousse, Russe; ) is a municipality in northern Bulgaria with about 150,000 people living in it. It is a port city on the Danube river and is an important cultural and industrial center.

Ministry of Justice (United Kingdom)

The Ministry of Justice (MOJ) works to protect the public and reduce reoffending, and to provide a more effective, transparent and responsive criminal justice system for victims and the public.

Sigurður Ingi Jóhannsson

Sigurður Ingi Jóhannsson (born 20 April 1962) is an Icelandic politician. He was the Prime Minister of Iceland from April 2016 to January 2017. He is the chairman of the Progressive Party.

White Sands National Park

White Sands National Park is an American national park located in the state of New Mexico. It is surrounded by the White Sands Missile Range. The park covers in the Tularosa Basin. The park has a field of white sand dunes made of gypsum crystals. It is the largest of its kind on Earth, with a depth of about , dunes as tall as , and about 4.5 billion short tons (4.1 billion metric tons) of gypsum sand.

Rhonda Dent

Rhonda Paige Dent (born in 1978 in Langley, British Columbia) is a Canadian actress. Dent finished her theatrical studies in 1998 before starting her professional acting career in 1999 at the age of 20. Rhonda is the daughter of Anne(nurse) & Ronald (Lawyer). Rhonda's father Ron, was a World War Two veteran, and died of a brain tumor in 1996 when Rhonda was 17. She is the seventh of eight children from her father.

Rhonda's onscreen credits include an impressive range of sci-fi episodic, ready-for-TV movies and short films. Her most re-occurring role of Lanie Snider in ABC's "That Was Then". Most recently the role of Judy Wood on "Almost Human" Rhonda is also known as an award winning photographer.

The Little Giant (1933 movie)

The Little Giant is a 1933 American crime comedy movie directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Edward G. Robinson, Mary Astor, Helen Vinson, Russell Hopton, Kenneth Thomson, Shirley Grey, Berton Churchill, Donald Dillaway. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


Singac, New Jersey

Singac is a census-designated place (CDP) in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As per the 2020 United States Census, it has a population of 3,602.

Yashaswini Singh Deswal

Yashaswini Singh Deswal is an Indian sport shooter. She won the gold medal in the 10 metre air pistol event at the 2019 ISSF World Cup in Rio de Janeiro. She secured a quota position for India at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Yashaswini was born on 30 March 1997 in New Delhi. Her father Surjeet Singh Deswal is an IPS officer. He works as the Director General of Indo-Tibetan Border Police. Her mother Saroj Deswal is the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax in Panchkula, Haryana. She completed her study at DAV College in Chandigarh.

Yashaswini started shooting in 2012. She qualified for the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics where she finished sixth in the final of the 10-meter air pistol event. She won the silver medal in the youth category in Asian Championships in Kuwait. She had also won the team bronze medal in the Junior World Cup in Suhl, Germany. In 2015, she won the team gold medal along with Heena Sidhu and Shweta Gwande in the Asian Airgun Championship in Delhi. In 2016, she had also won the gold medal in the South Asian Games in Guwahati. In 2017, Yashaswini won the 10m Air Pistol gold medal in ISSF Junior World Championship in Suhl, Germany. In May 2017, she won the bronze medal in the 10m Air Pistol event in Plezen, Czech Republic.

In 2019, Deswal won the gold medal at the 2019 ISSF World Cup in Rio de Janeiro. With this win, she booked a quota spot for the 2020 Summer Olympics. She defeated Olena Kostevych, a former Olympic and world champion, by scoring 236.7 in the final round.

At the 2021 ISSF World Cup in Delhi, she won gold in the women's 10m air pistol event with a score of 238.8.

Tomorrow It Will Be Better

Tomorrow It Will Be Better () is a 1939 Dutch drama movie directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lily Bouwmeester, Aaf Bouber, Kommer Kleyn, Theo Frenkel Jr.. It was based on the novel "Tomorrow is Another Day" by Annemarie Selinko.

Tula, Russia

Tula () is a city and the administrative center of Tula Oblast, Russia. The Klokovo air base, The Tula State University, Tula Kremlin, The Tula State Museum of Weapons and Kazanskaya part of the Upa River is located in Tula. In 2005, Tula has 465,943 people.

Tula was at the Upa River, which is a part of the Oka River. Tula is founded in 1146 as Taydula, Tula became the city on the southern approaches to Moscow in the 16th century and the centre of a series of defensive lines against the Tatar attack. A stone city of 1530, restored in 1784 and 1824, 
had survived. In 1552, Tula successfully resisted a siege by the Tatars. During the 17th century, Tula got into the major iron-working city of Russia. It was the site of Russia’s first armament factory, built in 1712 by Peter I the Great, and remains a large military staff producer. Besides iron and steel, Tula has lots of engineering industries. Brown coal is mined locally and used in the chemical industry. A highly decorated Russian tea are a traditional manufacture. Tula has mechanical, mining, and teacher-training institutes and one devoted to coal-mining research. A museum founded in 1724 displays a history of weapons. Yasnaya Polyana, the home of the Leo Tolstoy, is located 9 miles (14 km) southwest of Tula.

Tula is located 193 kilometers south of Moscow. Tula is located in the north of the Central Russian Upland in Central Russia, on the Upa River, a part of the Oka. It is 888 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg and 3,836 kilometers northwest of Novosibirsk.

The Mating of Millie

The Mating of Millie is a 1948 American romantic comedy movie directed by Henry Levin and starring Glenn Ford, Evelyn Keyes, Ron Randell, Willard Parker, Jimmy Hunt, Mabel Paige. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


.kkrieger

.kkrieger (from "Krieger", German for warrior) is a first-person shooter video game made by German demogroup .theprodukkt (previously part of Farbrausch). The game won first place in the 96k game competition at Breakpoint in April 2004 and is in beta.

The game has been made since mid-2002 using .werkkzeug3, an unreleased version of .werkkzeug (from "Werkzeug", German for tool). The source code of ".werkkzeug3" was released in 2014. It can use the BSD license or be public domain.

Textures are quite small, using creation history, not single pixels. Basic shapes such as boxes and cylinders are modeled into other shapes. How both are loaded at the same time takes a long time.

Most popular first-person shooters filled one or more CDs or DVDs at the time, but the game uses 97,280 bytes, over 7,000 times less than a CD (700MB), or 55,000 times less than an "Unreal Tournament 2004" installation (5.5GB). That game normally comes on a DVD. ".kkrieger"'s developers say storing it normally would use about 200–300 MB.

The V2 synthesizer streams the game music and sounds using MIDI.

The game won two German game developer prizes at the Deutscher Entwicklerpreis in 2006: Innovation and Advancement.

Gaming website Acid-Play gave the game 2/5 stars and a mixed review, saying it was buggy, but liking how a lot was stored in the small file size.


Mr. Soft Touch

Mr. Soft Touch is a 1949 American crime drama movie directed by Henry Levin and Gordon Douglas and starring Glenn Ford, Evelyn Keyes, John Ireland, Beulah Bondi, Percy Kilbride, Clara Blandick, Roman Bohnen. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Tosin Ajibade

Tosin "OloriSuperGal" Ajibade (Oluwatosin Ajibade; born 17 February 1987) is a blogger and publicist from Nigeria. She is known as "OloriSuperGal".

She created entertainment website, "OloriSuperGal.com" and it became one of the most popular in Nigeria.

Tosin was born on 17 February 1987 in Nigeria. She studied at the Lagos State University and the School of Media and Communications, Pan-Atlantic University in Nigeria.

Tosin Ajibade is known for her lifestyle and entertainment website, OloriSuperGal.com in Nigeria as well as a South African edition. Tosin began working as a publicist in 2009. She created her blog in 2010. In 2011, she was hired at BlackHouse Media as their web manager but left in 2012 to focus on blogging. While starting off her blog, she worked with several media houses such as The Net NG, Acada Magazine and Laff Mattaz Incorporated owned by Gbenga Adeyinka the 1st.

In 2014, Tosin Ajibade became one of the YNaija’s 100 Most Influential Women in Nigeria and her blog is considered today as one of the most reputable and popular in Nigeria.

She is the organizer of the New Media Conference which has been held annually in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019. The conference focuses on new media capabilities, such as in online/digital possibilities.

Ajibade has used her blog to call attention to societal issues especially as it affects women and girls. A clear instance is the sexual assault story of a Queen's College, Lagos student by her teacher which she published. The news went viral and caught the attention of the relevant authorities.

In 2015, Ajibade was named in the Nigeria’s 100 Most Influential Women List curated by YNaija. In 2016, she won The Future Awards Africa Prize for New Media.

Tosin Ajibade is an author of two books, From Social Misfit To Social Media Hero (2018) and The Influencer Blueprint (2020).

Callimedusa baltea

The purple-sided leaf frog ("Calllimedusa baltea") is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it between 1280 and 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests. The female frog lays eggs in pools that dry up for part of the year.

This frog is in danger of dying out because human beings cut down the forests to get wood, to dig good rocks out of the ground, to raise cows, to grow coca plants, and to grow food to eat. Scientists think some of this even happens in one of the protected parts where the frog lives, Reserva Comunal El Sira. In other places, the ground is too steep for human beings to cut the trees.

Tony Rome

Tony Rome is a 1967 American mystery movie directed by Gordon Douglas and was based on the 1960 novel "Miami Mayhem" by Marvin H. Albert. It stars Frank Sinatra, Jill St. John, Sue Lyon, Gena Rowlands, Simon Oakland, Richard Conte, Robert J. Wilke and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was followed in 1968 by "Lady in Clement".


Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3

Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 is a foldable smartphone that was released in 2021.

Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 has a display when folded and display when unfolded.

Samsung Galaxy Z Fold3 has three rear cameras: 12 MP, 12 MP and 12 MP.

Khimki

Khimki () is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia.

Khimki was located as a railway station at the Moscow–St. Petersburg railway northwest of Moscow. The Moskva-Volga Canal was constructed between 1932 and 1937 on which the city of Khimki lies on the west bank of the Moscow Saint Petersburg highway. Khimki was founded in 1939.

Khimki was located at the Moscow–St. Petersburg railway northwest of Moscow. Khimki was incorporated in 1939, grewing from a small nucleus of summer cottages (dachi). It is now an important industrial centre, with engineering, tile, and glass concerns.

There are buses and trolleys in Khimki.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is located in Khimki.
Station Khimki and platforms Lecoberezhnaya, Skhodnya, Firsanovskaya of October railroad.

Indian Railways organisational structure

India's rail system, Indian Railways, is managed at a regional level as eighteen zonal railways. 

Each zone is headed by a General Manager. At the top is the Railway Board, a part of the Ministry of Railways. It is headed by a chairman who directly reports to the Railway Minister. The board has five other members. The General Managers of the zonal railways and the production units report to the board. There is a total of 71 divisions on the system nationwide. The divisions are primarily involved with train running but may also have locomotive sheds. Each division has all the functional organizations (both line and staff). The heads of these functional groups report to the DRM for administrative purposes but depend on the railway board and the zonal headquarters for policy guidelines.

Mytishchi

Mytishchi () is a city in Moscow Oblast in Russia. It is the administrative center of Mytishchinsky District in Moscow Oblast.

Air Belgium (2016)

Air Belgium S.A. is a Belgian airline with the main office in Mont-Saint-Guibert and based at Brussels South Charleroi Airport.

In the summer of 2016, the company was found by Niky Terzakis, who worked for ASL Airlines Belgium. The main goal was to link Belgium with Hong Kong, Beijing, Shanghai, Xi'an, Wuhan, Zhengzhou and Taiyuan.

The first flight from Brussels to Hong Kong was planned October 2017, but this was planned for later because the airline didn't have an air operator's certificate (AOC). 

In December 2017, Air Belgium announced that the first flight should now take place in March 2018 from Brussels South Charleroi Airport instead of Brussels Airport because of lower airport taxes and easy accessibility; it was also announced that, for business class and premium passengers, the airline would operate from a new terminal, while economy passengers would use the regular terminal.

On 14 March 2018, the airline received its AOC and planned to begin operating scheduled flights from mid-April.

On 30 January 2021, Air Belgium announced that cargo flights will start with four Airbus A330-200F based in Liège Airport, on behalf of French shipping giant CMA CGM.

On 1 July, Air Belgium modernises its fleet with the induction of two new Airbus A330-900 aircraft and will fly from Brussels Airport to Mauritius from 15 October, 2021.

Podolsk

Podolsk () is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia.

Office of the Leader of the House of Commons

The Office of the Leader of the House of Commons (OLHC) provides support to the Leader of the House of Commons. The Leader is responsible for planning and supervising the government’s legislative programme (including the King’s speech), and managing government business within the House of Commons while also upholding the rights and interests of the backbench members of the House.

Common mudpuppy

Common mudpuppies ("Necturus maculosus") are salamanders that live in streams, rivers and ponds. They hide in vegetation on the ground. They eat snails, worms and cray fish. They lay clutches of eggs. They are carnivores. They can grow up to and be as small as . There also one of the few salamanders that make sound the actually bark like dogs. They are also endanger from habitat loss.

Office of the Leader of the House of Lords

The Office of the Leader of the House of Lords (OLHL) provides support to the Leader of the House of Lords. The Leader of the House is appointed by the Prime Minister, is a member of the Cabinet and is responsible for the conduct of government business in the House of Lords. The Leader advises the House on procedure and order, and their office is available to assist and advise all members of the House.

Scotland Office

The Scotland Office (SO) ensures the smooth working of the devolution settlement in Scotland. The SO represents Scottish interests within the UK government and represents the UK government in Scotland.

List of programs broadcast by StarPlus

This is the list of current, upcoming and formerly broadcast series by the Indian television channel StarPlus.








Wales Office

The Wales Office (WO) ensures the smooth working of the devolution settlement in Wales, representing the UK government in Wales. The WO represents Welsh interests in Westminster.

Department of Energy and Climate Change

The Department of Energy & Climate Change (DECC) was a British government department. It was created to make sure the UK has secure, clean, affordable energy supplies and promote international action to mitigate climate change.

Genshin Impact

Genshin Impact () is an action role-playing game developed by Chinese developer miHoYo. The game is an anime style open-world game and has an action-based battle system. The game is free-to-play with a gacha system. While developed after "Honkai Impact 3rd" (2016) with a similar title naming, "Genshin Impact" is not a sequel of "Honkai Impact 3rd".

"Genshin Impact" allows the player to control one of four characters in a party. Switching between characters can be done quickly in combat. That allows the player to use several different combinations of skills and attacks.

Each character has two unique combat skills: an elemental skill and an elemental burst. The elemental skill can be used at any time except for the cooldown period immediately after use. The elemental burst has an energy cost, requiring the user to save enough elemental energy by defeating enemies or make elemental status effects. Characters' attacks are one of seven elements: Cryo, Dendro, Pyro, Hydro, Anemo, Electro and Geo, which correspond to ice, grass, fire, water, wind, electricity, and rock, respectively.

"Genshin Impact" takes place in the world of Teyvat. Teyvat has seven distinct nations, each of which is tied to a different element and ruled by a different god. The story follows the Traveler, who has traveled across countless worlds with their twin siblings before becoming separated in Teyvat. At the beginning of the game, players need to choose one of the twin siblings as a player character and give them a name. The official names for them are Aether (male) and Lumine (female). Unfortunately, at this time, there is no option to change the twin sibling later on during the game. These travelers can change their element whenever they want. They have to visit a Statue Of Seven in the nation of the desired element, and they will see this option.

"Genshin Impact" began development as early as late January 2017. The initial team had 120 people and grew to 400 by the end of that year, and reached 700 by February 2021. miHoYo revealed the game in June 2019 at E3 2019. The game was developed using the Unity (game engine). The game has voice-overs in four languages (English, Japanese, Chinese, and Korean), and 13 different languages for text. The game was designed as a cross-platform title. Developing the game for PC and PlayStation platforms allowed the developers to raise graphical quality for the game, like rendering realistic shadows.

Yu-Peng Chen of HOYO-MiX composed the game's original score, which was performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra (LPO), the Shanghai Symphony Orchestra, and the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra.

"Genshin Impact" was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Android, and iOS in September 2020, PlayStation 5 in April 2021, and is planned for future release on the Nintendo Switch.

"Genshin Impact" received "generally favorable reviews" according to review aggregator Metacritic.

Apple awarded "Genshin Impact" with "iPhone Game of the Year" in the "App Store Best of 2020 and the 2021 Apple Design Awards for Visuals and Graphics". The game won Google Play's "Best Game of 2020" and was nominated for "Users' Choice Game" at the Best of 2020 awards. At the TapTap Game Awards 2020, the game won "Game of the Year". The game was also nominated for Best RPG and Best Mobile Game at , and for Ultimate Game of the Year at the Golden Joystick Awards. The game was nominated for Best Ongoing game and won the Best Mobile Game at .

Evelyn Sharp (aviator)

Evelyn Genevieve "Sharpie" Sharp (October 1, 1919 – April 3, 1944) was an American airplane flier.

She was born Lois Genevieve Crouse on October 1, 1919 in Melstone, Montana. She was adopted by John and Mary Sharp two months later, on December 22, 1919 and her name was changed to Evelyn Genevieve Sharp. 

The Sharps moved to Ord, Nebraska in 1924. They opened a grocery store.

In 1935, Jack Jefford opened a flying school in Ord and rented a room from the Sharps. At one stage, he could not pay his rent. He taught Evelyn how to fly.

Sharp received her commercial pilot's license when she was eighteen years old. She started teaching other people to fly when she was 20 years old. She helped over 350 men learn to fly.

She was one of the first American women to fly airmail. She delivered letters and other mail by flying it from place to place. The first American female airmail pilot was Katherine Stinson.

Sharp died on April 3, 1944 in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. Her plane lost an engine on takeoff and crashed. She was 24 years old.

She is buried in Ord, Nebraska, where a public airfield, the Evelyn Sharp Field Airport, has been named for her. Every June, Ord celebrates Evelyn Sharp Days in her honor.

In 1992, Sharp was inducted into the Nebraska Aviation Hall of Fame.


Ministry of Justice

Ministry of Justice can be:



Jesus in Islam

Isa Masih was a 1st century preacher. In Islam, he is the penultimate prophet and messenger of God, sent to guide the Children of Israel with a revelation: "Injīl". He is believed to be a descendant of Ibrahim, and is seen as an example for all Muslims to follow. According to the Quran, Jibrael told that the name of the figure will be Masih Isa.

According to the Quran, Isa foretold the coming of Muhammad in As-Saff 61:6. In Islam, Isa is the only prophet to return. Muslims believe that Isa will return in a Second Coming to fight Gog and Magog and "Al-Masih ad-Dajjal" or "False Messiah" and establish peace and justice on earth.

The birth narrative in the Quran for Isa begins at Quran 19:16–34 and Q3:45–53. Islamic theology affirms Maryam as a pure vessel. Islamic exegesis affirms the virginal birth of Isa. The narrative of the virgin birth is an announcement to Mary by the angel Gabriel while Mary is being raised in the Temple after having been pledged to God by her mother. Gabriel states she is honored over all women of all nations and has brought her glad tidings of a holy son. A hadith narrated by Abu Hurairah, quotes Muhammad explaining that both Jesus and Mary were protected from Satan's touch at birth, quoting from Q3:36. The Quran states that son of Maryam and his mother a sign; and we made them abide in an elevated place, full of quiet and watered with springs."
 Muslims believe that Isa became a prophet when he was born and spoke in infancy. From the Islamic basis, reflected upon all previous prophets through the lens of Muslim identity, Isa is considered no more than a messenger repeating a repetitive message of the ages. Some Islamic traditions believe Isa's mission was only to the people of Israil and his status as a prophet being confirmed by numerous miracles.

Muslims believe that God revealed to Isa a new scripture, "Injīl" (the Gospel), while also declaring the truth of the previous revelations: "Tawrat" (the Torah) and "Zabur" (the Psalms). The Quran speaks favorably of "al-Injīl." Traditional Islamic exegesus claiming the biblical message to have been distorted or corrupted. This polemic effort has its origins in the medieval period with Abd al-Jabbar ibn Ahmad's writings.

The Quran states that Isa was aided by a group of disciples who believed in His message. The Quran mentions in chapter 3, verses 52–53, that the disciples submitted to the faith of Islam:

The longest narrative involving Isa's disciples is when Isa performs the miracle of bringing a table of food from heaven at their request, for further proof that his preaching is the true message.

Muslims believe that Isa was not crucified and was raised up into the skies instead of being crucified. Muslims believe that a lookalike was crucified. According to some Shia writings, Isa ascended to heaven wearing a woolen shirt, spun and sewed by Maryam, his mother. As he reached the heavenly regions, he was addressed, 'O Isa, cast away from you the adornment of the world.

 Isa Masih will descent at a white minaret, on the eastern side of Damascus (believed to be the Minaret of Isa in the Umayyad Mosque), Isa would slay the Dajjal, and then everyone who is one of the People of the Book ("ahl al-kitāb", referring to Jews, Sabians and Christians) will believe in him. Thus, there will be one community, that of Islam.

After the death of "al-Mahdi", Isa will assume leadership. This is a time associated in Islamic narrative with universal peace and justice. Islamic texts also allude to the appearance of "Ya'juj and Ma'juj" (known also as Gog and Magog), ancient tribes which will disperse and cause disturbance on earth. God, in response to Jesus' prayers, will kill them by sending a type of worm in the napes of their necks, and send large birds to carry and clear their corpses from the land. According to a hadith, Jesus will marry, have children and rule for forty years after which he will die. Isa would be buried in the city of Madinah in a grave left vacant beside Muhammad, Abu Bakr, and Umar.


Monsieur Beaucaire (1946 movie)

Monsieur Beaucaire is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by George Marshall and is the second version of the 1900 novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington. It stars Bob Hope, Joan Caulfield, Patric Knowles, Marjorie Reynolds, Cecil Kellaway, Reginald Owen, Hillary Brooke, Constance Collier and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cry for Happy

Cry for Happy is a 1961 Korean War comedy movie directed by George Marshall and was based on the 1958 novel of the same name by George Campbell. It stars Glenn Ford, Donald O'Connor, Miiko Taka, James Shigeta, Miyoshi Umeki, Michi Kobi, Howard St. John, Harlan Warde, Nancy Kovack and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Notre Dame, Indiana

Notre Dame is a census-designated place north of the city of South Bend in St. Joseph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. Three universities are within Notre Dame: the University of Notre Dame, Saint Mary's College, and Holy Cross College. Part of Notre Dame is in Clay Township and the other part is in Portage Township. As of the 2020 census, its population was 6,342.

Unincorporated areas do not have a municipal government. Notre Dame's government entities are the United States post office and the colleges' police; all colleges and universities in Indiana are entitled to an independent police force by law. The University of Notre Dame has its own firefighters.

There has been a post office in Notre Dame since 1851. The post office is on the campus of the University of Notre Dame.

The South Bend Community School Corporation is the board of education for people who live in Notre Dame.

Before I Hang

Before I Hang is a 1940 American science fiction horror movie directed by Nick Grinde and starring Boris Karloff, Bruce Bennett, Evelyn Keyes, Edward Van Sloan, Ben Taggart, Don Beddoe. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Drums Across the River

Drums Across the River is 1954 American western movie directed by Nathan Juran and starring Audie Murphy, Walter Brennan, Lyle Bettger, Lisa Gaye, Hugh O'Brian, Mara Corday, Regis Toomey, Morris Ankrum. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Cartoon All-Stars to the Rescue

Cartoon All-Stars to the Rescue is a 1990 United States animated television special starring many characters from American animated television series at the time of its release. Financed by McDonald's, it was originally shown on television in USA on April 21, 1990 on all four major American television networks (ABC, CBS, NBC, and FOX), and many other television stations. McDonald's also released a VHS home video edition of the special distributed by Buena Vista Home Video.

In USA, it was introduced on home video by President George H. W. Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush.

It was shown in Canada on the CBC, CTV, and Global Television Networks soon after it was shown in USA.

In Australia, it was shown in November 1990, where it was shown at the same time on Australia's three major TV stations (Seven Network, Nine Network and Network Ten), with Prime Minister Bob Hawke introducing it.

It was shown in New Zealand in December 1990 on both TV One and Channel 2 at once, where New Zealand's Prime Minister Jim Bolger introduced it.

It was produced by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Foundation and Southern Star Productions, and was animated outside of USA by Wang Film Productions Co., Ltd..

The story is about Michael, a young teenage boy who is using marijuana and alcohol. His younger sister Corey is worried about him. When Corey's piggy bank goes missing one morning, her cartoon toys come to life to help her find it. After finding it in Michael's room along with drugs, they work together to help him by taking him on a fantasy journey to teach him about how bad drug abuse can be.

The various characters' owners let their characters be used for free because they thought it was a good thing that the special was doing.

This TV show was the first time that Warner Bros. characters Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck were voiced by someone other than Mel Blanc. He had died shortly before the production, and Jeff Bergman voiced them instead.


Fathom (movie)

Fathom is a 1967 British American action spy comedy movie directed by Leslie H. Martinson and was based on the unfinished novel by Larry Forrester. It stars Raquel Welch, Anthony Franciosa, Ronald Fraser, Richard Briers, Greta Chi, Ann Lancaster and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Women's Indian Association (WIA)

The Women's Indian Association (WIA) was an organization in India. Annie Besant, Margaret Cousins, Jeena Raja Dasa and others started it in 1917 in Adayar, Madras. Its goal was to free women from the unpleasant conditions during the 19th and early 20th centuries. Later, the Association worked to end illiteracy, child marriage, the Devadasi system and other social problems. It also worked on negotiations with the British on the Indian constitution. WIA was part of a 14-member, all-woman delegation that met the Montague Chelmsford Commission. They argued for equal voting rights for women. Dr. Annie Besant was the first President of WIA. After the death of Ms. Besant in 1933, Ms. Jina Raja Dasa became the president of WIA. She was more involved in the internal politics of theosophists. Gradually WIA lost its fame and moral support of people.

WIA represented women of all races, religions and cultures. It allowed both Indian and European women to join it. It was Founded on 8 May 1917, in Adyar, Madras. Its first president was Annie Besant. Its secretaries were Margaret Cousins who was a teacher and Irish suffragist; Dorothy Jinarajadasa who was the Irish wife of a Sri Lankan Theosophist; Ammu Swaminathan and Malathi Patwardhan. The other founders included S. Ambujammal, Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay, Mary Poonen Lukose, Begam Hasrat Mohani, Saralabai Naik, Dhanvanthi Rama Rau, Muthulakshmi Reddy, Mangalammal Sadasivier, and Herabai Tata.

WIA published a monthly journal Stri Dharma in English. Though published in English, it contained articles in Hindi and Tamil. It addressed political and social issues facing women in India. It also addressed the achievements of women worldwide.



Allmyapps

Allmyapps is an application store for Microsoft Windows. The service allows users to install, update and organize over 1,500 PC applications.

Allmyapps developed an application manager for Ubuntu. In 2010 Allmyapps receivied 1 million euro from Elaia Partners. The company started the first Windows application store as a beta version at LeWeb in December 2010, for which it won the Startup Pitch competition.

In December 2011, Allmyapps said that they had 2.5 million registered users.

On October 21, 2014, ironSource bought Allmyapps.

Allmyapps works with the Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP operating systems.

The service lets users start the installation of applications from its website and from its desktop client.

The desktop client can detect software already installed on the computer for updating them via the application store and to save the list online as a backup.

Working Women's Forum

The Working Women's Forum (WWF) is a women's organisation in southern India. Jaya Arunachalam founted it in Madras (Chennai) in 1987. It helps poor women in southern India. It makes small loans, a trade union, health care, education and training. It works with the poor women whose jobs are informal, for example street vendors, silkworm growers and silk weavers, handicraft producers, washerwomen and fisherwomen.

WWF has helped more than 7,000,000 women by giving them loans and other things.

Women join the WWF because they can get loans and because the interest rates are not too high.

There are two important organisations related to the WWF :–

These are the four ideas that WWF uses:

"Pro Women:" To work only for women of the informal work sector who feed their families.

"Anti-Dowry:" The WWF wants to stop the customs around wedding dowries. It wants to do this through collective efforts against dowries.

"Anti-Caste and Pro-Secularism": The WWF says it will help women no matter which social rank they have in India's caste system or which religion they have. The WWF says people from different castes should be allowed to marry each other.

"Anti-Politics:" To avoid involving the areas related to political parties and agendas.

WWF was started with 30 women who formed themselves into a group with the help of Jaya Arunchalam. She was then a social/political worker in Madras. The group of women approached a bank for a loan and received a sum of ₹300 for each member. Each day they collected amount from themselves for repayment. The repayment reached 95% of the sum.

By April 1978, about 800 women were involved into this activity. They formed into 40 groups and began receiving loans. This led to the emergence of Working Women's Forum.

Since then the WWF has received massive recognition. Former US state secretary Hillary Clinton made a visit to the WWF in July 2011.

WWF has few socioeconomic and political objectives such as:


'Reaching out to poor women through Grassroots initiatives: An Indian Experiment' - 1992.

'Dynamic Agents of population control and change process: An Indian Experiment' - 1992

'Indian Co-operative Network for Women - An Innovative Approach to Micro - Credit' - 1995

'National Union of Working Women - Breaking the Legacy of Invisibility' - 1995

'Social platform through social innovations - A coalition with women in the informal sector - WWF(I)' - 2000.

"Structuring a movement and spreading it on" History and growth of the Working Women's Forum (India) 1978-2003 Jaya Arunachalam / Brunhild Landwehr (eds.) IKO-Verlag für Interkulturelle Kommunikation Frankfurt am Main. London, 2003 

Women's Equality - A Struggle for Survival by Jaya Arunachalam Articles, Paper, Speeches of Jaya Arunachalam presented at various conferences GYAN BOOKS P. LTD 5 Ansari Road, Darya Ganj, New Delhi 110 002 Phone 23282060,

Mr. Bill Clinton on the Forum in his Latest Book “GIVING” published in 2007 - Former President of USA Mr. Bill Clinton reference in his book “GIVING” published in September 2007 aptly testifies the services of the Founder, President WWF ‘Jaya Arunachalam’ who has empowered 800,000 women over the last 29 years through microcredit, political involvement, access to education and healthcare for their children.



Aminet

Aminet is the world's largest archive of Amiga-related software and files. 

Aminet was originally hosted by several universities' FTP sites, and is now available on CD-ROM and on the web.

In 1 April 2013, Aminet has 80592 packages online.

In January 1992, Swiss student Urban Müller start to work with software archive. It had been started by other members of a computer science students' club.

Soon the archive became famous worldwide. In 1995 Aminet has started to distribute on monthly CD-ROMs.

By using a single master site for creating ftp scripts for each slave site, Aminet reduced to a bare minimum for setting up new mirror sites.

Aminet also shows practical use of metadata schema by software repositories. Reports of daily additions to this software archive were posted automatically to Usenet or could be requested as an email newsletter.

Most of the programs on Aminet were public domain or shareware, but software companies made updates and demo versions of their programs available. 

Now Aminet becomes wider by platform specific sites archiving software for AmigaOS 4, AROS or MorphOS only.

Pribilof Islands

The Pribilof Islands (formerly the Northern Fur Seal Islands; ) are a group of four volcanic islands off the coast of mainland Alaska. They are in the Bering Sea, about north of Unalaska and southwest of Cape Newenham. The Siberian coast is roughly northwest. They are about in total area. They are mostly rocky and are covered with tundra. At the 2010 census, the population was 572.

It Started with a Kiss (movie)

It Started with a Kiss is a 1959 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Marshall and starring Glenn Ford, Debbie Reynolds, Eva Gabor, Gustavo Rojo, Fred Clark, Edgar Buchanan, Harry Morgan, Robert Warwick, Frances Bavier. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Shaun the Sheep

Shaun the Sheep is a British animated television series produced by Aardman Animations. The show is about the adventures of a sheep named Shaun, who lives on a farm with a flock of other sheep. They are watched over by a strict but caring farmer and his sheepdog named Bitzer. 

Shaun the Sheep was created by Aardman Animations. Season 1 was released on 5 March 2007.

In February 2008, Aardman Animations introduced the mobile game "Shaun The Sheep: Mobile Game". It was released on 27 February 2008, on the Xbox 360. In March 2008, it was announced that there will be a film based on the game called "Shaun the Sheep". 

In 2010, "Shaun the Sheep: The Mobile Game" was discontinued on Xbox 360, replaced by "Home Sheep Home" released on 6 March 2013.

On 6 February 2015, "Shaun the Sheep Movie" was released. Aardman Animations also introduced a new version of the game "Shaun the Sheep". The games were released on Xbox One and Xbox Live on 12 March 2015. More movies have also been released since then.

The videos will be unrestricted shortly in official YouTube.





Season 1

Season 2

Season 3

Season 4

Season 5

Season 6



Callimedusa ecuatoriana

The Agua Rica leaf frog ("Calllimedusa ecuatoriana") is a frog that lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 1300 and 1900 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 5.5 cm long. This frog has purple color on parts of its skin and large orange patches. It has a white stripe down the side of its jaw and body. Its belly is pale orange.

Scientists say this frog is in some danger of dying out because humans change the place where the frog lives to dig good rocks out of the ground, make places for cows to eat grass, and to build towns.

Ike's Wee Wee

"Ike's Wee Wee" is the fourth episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 16th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 20, 1998. Trey Parker wrote and directed the episode.

The story is about Kyle's little brother Ike having his bris, a ceremony in which the foreskin, part of the penis, is cut off. Kyle and his friends think the adults want to cut off all of Ike's penis, so they try to save him.

The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka

"The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka" is the sixth episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 19th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on June 10, 1998. Series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone wrote the episode, and Parker directed it. In the episode, the an animal called the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka is sighted in South Park. Two of the town's hunters, Ned and Jimbo, look for it. Their heroic efforts drive up the ratings for their hunting show and threaten to edge out Jesus's television show, "Jesus and Pals".

The teacher, Mr. Garrison, tells the boys to talk to Vietnam War veterans and write an essay. They talk to Stan's uncle, Jimbo, and his friend, Ned, at the set of their own television show called "Huntin' and Killin'". The two men tell a wild story about single-handedly defeating the entire Viet Cong army and riding a log flume ride at the amusement park section of their army camp. To the audience, it is clear that this is a lie. However, the boys write about this for their school essay, and their teacher, Mr. Garrison, gives them low grades and detention.

The boys plot are angry at Jimbo, so they plan to trick him in revenge: They plan to make fake videos of an animal, the Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka, which Jimbo and Ned then air on their "Huntin' and Killin"' TV show. But this only makes more people want to watch the TV show.

The show becomes successful, so other TV shows that air at the same time have fewer people watching. This includes the talk show "Jesus and Pals", starring Jesus. Jesus' producer wants him to use fancy talk show tricks to make more people watch the show, but Jesus does not want to. In the end, the boys, Jimbo, and Ned come on Jesus' show. Jesus tries to make peace with everyone, but there is a big fight instead.


City on the Edge of Forever (South Park)

"City on the Edge of Forever" (also known as "Flashbacks") is the seventh episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 20th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on June 17, 1998. Series co-creator Trey Parker wrote the episode with writer Nancy M. Pimental. Parker also directed the episode. It guest stars Henry Winkler, Jay Leno, and Brent Musburger. In the episode, the boys reminisce about past experiences as their school bus is left hanging on the edge of a cliff. Ms. Crabtree leaves to look for help, but she forgets about the children when she meets a truck driver named Marcus.

Eric Cartman, Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and Kenny McCormick get on the bus after the school bell rings. While they are riding the bus, it comes to a dead stop. At first, Cartman thinks the bus is out of gasoline, but he then realizes Ms. Crabtree has stopped the bus. Stan and Kyle both look out the window. They see that the bus is on the edge of a cliff. All the kids on the bus begin running around in fear, and the bus moves every time they move around. Ms. Crabtree urges the kids to stay calm; she gets out of the bus to go get help.

In the time she is gone, the kids begin playing with each other, until Stan tries to get everyone to calm down or else the bus will begin to tip over and fall off the cliff. The edge of the bus (which was keeping the bus from falling off the edge) is soon scraped off, and the bus tips over, but not so much that it falls down the cliff. 

While walking back to school to get help from the principal, Ms. Crabtree meets a truck driver named Marcus. Marcus helps her have a career as a stand-up comedian, but she leaves when she remembers she must save the kids on the bus. 

The bus falls off the cliff into a tub of ice cream, and Cartman wakes up in bed. He realize he was dreaming the whole time. Then Stan wakes up in bed, and he realizes he was dreaming about Cartman having a dream. The last scene shows Ms. Crabtree and Marcus. Ms. Crabtree knows it is all a child's dream but wants to enjoy it while she can.

Many parts of this episode, including the title and one time when a kid in a red shirt leaves the bus, only to be eaten by monsters, are references to "Star Trek"'s original 1960s show.

Summer Sucks

"Summer Sucks" is the eighth episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 20th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on June 24, 1998. Trey Parker wrote the episode with Nancy M. Pimental. Parker also directed it. In this episode, the South Park boys try to have a fun summer but cannot because there is no snow.

The school year ends and the boys leave school for summer vacation. But because the snow has melted, there is nothing fun to do in their town. They try to play winter games: They make a snowman out of dirt and push a sled down a grassy hill. But these games do not work without snow, and the boys are bored. The only fun thing to do is fireworks, but the government of Colorado has made them illegal.

The mayor of South Park notices that a mild firework called a "snake" is still legal. She plans to set off the biggest snake ever for the fourth of July Independence Day party. But this giant snake gives off smoke and noise. Everyone hides in their houses. The ash turns everyone's skin black.

When Chef returns to South Park, he thinks all the white people are wearing blackface. He tells them to line up so he can punish them.

Other parts of the episode show Eric Cartman trying to take swimming lessons and Mr. Garrison trying to get therapy from Dr. Katz.

"South Park"'s co-creator Trey Parker wrote the episode with Nancy M. Pimental, and Parker co-directed it with fellow co-creator Matt Stone. Stone was in charge of animating the episode (not credited).


Coffeemaker

A coffeemaker or coffee machine is a cooking appliance used to brew coffee. While there are many different types of coffeemakers using several different brewing principles, in the most common devices, coffee grounds are placed into a paper or metal filter inside a funnel, which is set over a glass or ceramic coffee pot, a cooking pot in the kettle family. Cold water is poured into a separate chamber, which is then boiled and directed into the funnel. This is also called "automatic drip-brew".

Englos

Englos is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France. It is near the city of Lille.

Ohain

Ohain is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Amfroipret

Amfroipret () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 217 people lived there.


Allennes-les-Marais

Allennes-les-Marais () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,458 people lived there.


Anor

Anor () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,213 people lived there.


SheSays India

SheSays India is an NGO based in Mumbai, India. It works for gender equality and the rights of women. It believes in SDG 5- Gender Equality through cooperation and reform. The NGO teaches people about their rights in different languages. Its website is in both Indian and foreign languages. It also teaches people about the laws and other ways of solving gender-based violence. The founder of the NGO is Trisha Shetty. She is the current CEO of the NGO. She is a lawyer and social activist.

The website has information on laws on sexual violence in India. The information is shown in a simple way. It also provides step-by-step information on how to file a first information report (FIR). It also provides information to remember when going to a hospital, police station, lawyer, or court proceedings. This information is in Hindi, Marathi, and German languages.

The NGO works with Global Citizen India. They filed a petition in Supreme Court of India for tax-free sanitary napkins. The NGO also provides counselling support to victims of sexual abuse. It maps the nearest police station, hospital, and psychologist for immediate help for victims.

They are planning to have a group of lawyers and gynaecologists to help victims.


Blécourt, Nord

Blécourt () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 305 people lived there.


Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls

"Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls" is the ninth episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 20th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on August 19, 1998. Series co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone wrote the episode with Nancy M. Pimental. Parker directed it.

In this episode, a film festival comes to South Park. The title is a song that Chef writes to sell chocolate candy to film festival visitors.

A film festival organizer complains that Park City, Utah used to be a nice mountain town, but the yearly film festival has ruined it. He decides to take his film festival to South Park instead. He plans to ruin South Park too and then move on to the next mountain town.

Many film watchers come to South Park for the festival. The magical piece of feces, Mr. Hanky the Christmas Poo tells Kyle that the newcomers are killing him. This is because their waste comes from healthy food and not the unhealthy food that South Park residents eat. Kyle tries to warn people about this, but no one believes him. Mr. Hanky almost dies, but he is saved by eating Chef's chocolate candy.

Mr. Hanky gives a speech about the true meaning of film festivals: People watching unusual movies together. The evil organizer almost drowns in sewage.

Phil Dyess-Nugent of "The AV Club" says that this episode made fun of what the Sundance Film Festival was like in the late 1990s. He says the film festival organizer is meant to be Robert Redford.


Half Moon Bay, California

Half Moon Bay is a city in San Mateo County, California. It is on the Pacific coast, about south of San Francisco. At the 2020 census, 11,795 people lived there.

Evelyn Sharp (suffragist)

Evelyn Jane Sharp (4 August 1869 – 17 June 1955) was a British suffragist. That means she wanted women to have the right to vote in British elections. She was involved in two major British women's suffrage societies. They were the militant Women's Social and Political Union and the United Suffragists. She helped start the United Suffragists. She became editor of the "Votes for Women" newspaper during the First World War. She was sent to prison twice. She was a book writer who was famous for her children's books.

Evelyn Sharp was born on 4 August 1869. She was the ninth of eleven children. Sharp's family sent her to a boarding school for just two years. However, she passed several university local examinations. Sharp moved to London although her family did not want her to. In London, she wrote several novels including "All the Way to Fairyland" (1898) and "The Other Side of the Sun" (1900).

In 1903, Sharp started writing articles for the "Daily Chronicle", the "Pall Mall Gazette" and the "Manchester Guardian" with the help of Henry Nevinson. Sharp talks about how important Nevison and the Men's League for Women's Suffrage is: "It is impossible to rate too highly the sacrifices that they (Henry Nevinson and Laurence Housman) and H. N. Brailsford, F. W. Pethick Lawrence, Harold Laski, Israel Zangwill, Gerald Gould, George Lansbury, and many others made to keep our movement free from the suggestion of a sex war."

Sharp's journalism made her more aware of working-class women's problems. She joined the Women's Industrial Council and the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In the autumn of 1906 Sharp was sent by the "Manchester Guardian" to cover the first speech by Elizabeth Robins. After that speech, she joined the Women's Social and Political Union.


Evelyn Sharp

Evelyn Sharp may refer to:


Volcanic bomb

A volcanic bomb or lava bomb is a mass of molten rock larger than 64 mm (2.5 inches) in diameter. It forms when a volcano throws viscous pieces of lava during a volcanic eruption. They cool into solid objects before they reach the ground. They are still very hot when they reach the ground, because they are still partly molten inside. Because volcanic bombs cool after they leave the volcano, they are extrusive igneous rocks. Volcanic bombs can be thrown many kilometers from an erupting fissure vent. They often get aerodynamic shapes during their flight. Lava bombs can be extremely large; the 1935 eruption of Mount Asama in Japan expelled bombs measuring 5–6 m (16-20 ft) in diameter up to from the vent. Volcanic bombs are a significant volcanic hazard, and can cause severe injuries and death to people in an eruption zone. At Galeras volcano in Colombia in 1993 six people near the summit were killed and several seriously injured by lava bombs when the volcano erupted unexpectedly. On July 16, 2018, 23 people were injured on a tour boat near the Kilauea volcano as a result of a basketball-sized lava bomb from the 2018 lower Puna eruption.

Volcanic bombs are known to occasionally explode from internal gas pressure as they cool, but usually most of the damage they cause is when they hit. As they are still hot when they land, they often cause a fire to start. Bomb explosions are most often observed in "bread-crust" type bombs.


Prospect, Louisiana

Prospect is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Grant Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rock Hill, Louisiana

Rock Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Grant Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Minna Aaltonen

Minna Kaisa Aaltonen (17 September 1966 – 11 September 2021) was a Finnish actress. She played Marianne in "London's Burning" and Ingrid Coates in "Dream Team". She also had a small role in the James Bond movie "Tomorrow Never Dies". In 1994, she hosted "Gladiaattorit". Aaltonen was born in Turku, Finland.

Aaltonen died on 11 September 2021 in Helsinki, Finland one week before her 55th birthday.

Gunnar Utterberg

Gunnar Utterberg (28 November 1942 – 12 September 2021) was a Swedish sprint canoer. He was born in Jönköping, Sweden. He competed in 1000 m doubles and fours at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics. He won a gold medal in the doubles event in 1964.

Utterbeg died on 12 September 2021, at the age of 78.

Orlando Martínez

Orlando Martínez (September 2, 1944 – September 22, 2021) was a Cuban bantamweight boxer. He won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He also won gold at the 1975 Pan American Games.

Martínez died on September 22, 2021 at the age of 77.

Roger Michell

Roger Michell (5 June 1956 – 22 September 2021) was a South African-born British theatre, television and movie director. He was best known for directing "Notting Hill" and "Venus". He also directed the television movie "Persuasion".

Michell died on 22 September 2021, at the age of 65.

Arden Hills, Minnesota

Arden Hills is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Falcon Heights, Minnesota

Falcon Heights is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Gem Lake, Minnesota

Gem Lake is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Lauderdale, Minnesota

Lauderdale is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Jüri Tamm

Jüri Tamm (5 February 1957 – 22 September 2021) was an Estonian hammer thrower and politician. He won a bronze medal in the 1980 and 1988 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics. 

He was elected three times into the Parliament of Estonia between 1999 until 2011 for the Social Democratic Party.


Kjell Askildsen

Kjell Askildsen (30 September 1929 – 23 September 2021) was a Norwegian writer. He was known for writing many short stories. He was awarded the Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in recognition of his novel, "Omgivelser" (1969).

Askildsen died on 23 September 2021, at the age of 91.

Uthman ibn Ali

Uthman ibn Ali () was a son of Ali ibn Abi Talib and Fatimah bint Huzam. Uthman was martyred in the Battle of Karbala is highly honored by Muslims. According to some hadiths, Uthman was 21 and had no children when he was martyred. His grave is in the mausoleum of the collective grave of the martyrs of Karbala in the shrine of Husayn ibn Ali.

He was son of Ali and Fatima bint Hizam. Apparently, 'Uthman did not get married and had no children. According to both Shia and Sunni sources, Ali named his son after Uthman ibn Affan. Shia scholar Al-Murshid Billah quotes a narration from Abu Saeed:

Sunni scholar Ibn Asakir quotes a narration from Abu Saeed: 

Later weak sources indicate that Ali named his son Uthman after Uthman ibn Maz'un.

According to the report which has mentioned the age of 'Uthman b. 'Ali, 21 years old at the time of martyrdom. After the martyrdom of non-Hashemite companions of Imam al-Husayn, Banu Hashim went to the battlefield. The first person from among the children of Ali who went to the battlefield was Abu Bakr ibn Ali. After him, according to a report, it was 'Abd Allah and Ja'far, brothers of 'Uthman from the same mother. After them, Uthman went to the battlefield. Khawli ibn Yazid al-Asbahi shot an arrow at 'Uthman’s forehead and throw him down the horse. Then, a man from Banu Darim tribe beheaded him.

The name of 'Uthman has been mentioned and praised in the Ziyarah al-Nahiyya al-Muqaddasa attributed to the Mahdi:

"Peace be with you, O 'Uthman ibn Ali (a) and the mercy of Allah and His blessings [be upon you], for how great your position is, and how pure your remembrance is, and how clear your influence is, and how famous your blessing is, and how high your praise is, and how great is your glory."

Jorge Liberato Urosa Savino

Jorge Liberato Urosa y Savino (28 August 1942 – 23 September 2021) was a Venezuelan prelate of the Catholic Church. 

He was auxiliary bishop of Caracas from 1982 to 1990, Archbishop of Valencia from 1990 to 2005, and Archbishop of Caracas from 2005 to 2018. 

He was made a cardinal in 2006.

On 27 August 2021, Urosa was hospitalized in Caracas under critical condition with COVID-19. He died on 23 September 2021 from the infection, aged 79.

Nino Vaccarella

Nino Vaccarella (4 March 1933 – 23 September 2021) was an Italian sports car racing and Formula One driver. He won the 1964 24 Hours of Le Mans, and the Targa Florio in 1965, 1971 and 1975.

Pee Wee Ellis

Alfred James Ellis (April 21, 1941 – September 23, 2021), known as Pee Wee Ellis, was an American saxophonist, composer, and arranger. He was a member of James Brown's band in the 1960s. He was known for writing "Cold Sweat" and "Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud". 

Ellis died on September 23, 2021 at the age of 80.

Takao Saito

Saito died of pancreatic cancer on September 24, 2021 at the age of 84.

Paul Quilès

Paul Quilès (, 27 January 1942 – 24 September 2021) was a French Socialist politician.

He was Defense Minister from 1985 to 1986. He was Interior Minister from 1992 to 1993, then chairman of the Defense commission in the French National Assembly from 1997 to 2002. 

Quilès died on 24 September 2021 from cancer in Paris at the age of 79.

Slippery dick

The slippery dick ("Halichoeres bivittatus") is a species of wrasse. They can be found on shallow, tropical waters of the western Atlantic Ocean.


Patricio Manns

Iván Patricio Eugenio Manns de Folliot (3 August 1937 – 25 September 2021) was a Chilean singer, composer, writer, poet, novelist, essayist, play writer and journalist. He was critic of dictator Augusto Pinochet. Manns was sent in exile for his criticism.

Manns died of heart failure in Concón, Chile on 25 September 2021, at the age of 84.

Nacimiento, Chile

Nacimiento (, ) is a Chilean city near the Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region. It is south of Santiago.

Concón

Concón is a Chilean city and commune in Valparaíso Province, Valparaíso Region.

Mehdi Yaghoubi

Mohammad Mehdi Yaghoubi (; 2 April 1930 – 25 September 2021) was an Iranian bantamweight freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1956. 

Yaghoubi died on 25 September 2021 at the age of 91.

Alan Lancaster

Alan Charles Lancaster (7 February 1949 – 26 September 2021) was an English musician. He was best known as founding member and bassist of the rock band Status Quo. He played with the band from 1967 to 1985.

On 26 September 2021, Lancaster died in Sydney, Australia, at the age of 72 from problems caused by multiple sclerosis.

Eberhard Jüngel

Eberhard Jüngel (5 December 1934 – 28 September 2021) was a German Lutheran theologian. He was a professor of Systematic Theology and the Philosophy of Religion at the University of Tübingen.

He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, also Chancellor of the Order Pour le Mérite for Sciences and Arts, and a member of the Synod of the Protestant Church in Germany.

Jüngel died in Tübingen, Germany on 28 September 2021 at the age of 86.

Barry Ryan

Barry Ryan (born Barry Sapherson; 24 October 1948 – 28 September 2021) was a British pop singer and photographer. He was known for his 1968 single "Eloise", which made Number One on the British charts.

Ryan died on the 28 September 2021, at the age of 72.


Lonnie Smith (jazz musician)

Lonnie Smith (July 3, 1942 – September 28, 2021), also known as Dr. Lonnie Smith, was an American jazz musician. He was a member of the George Benson quartet in the 1960s.

Smith died on 28 September 2021 at the age of 79.


Lackawanna, New York

Lackawanna is a city in Erie County, New York, United States.

Hayko

Hayk "Hayko" Hakobyan (; 25 August 1973 – 29 September 2021) was an Armenian singer. He represented Armenia in the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest in Helsinki. He performed "Anytime You Need" and came in eighth place in the contest. He was born in Yerevan, Armenia.

Hayko died on 29 September 2021, in Yerevan, from COVID-19 at aged 48.

Bronius Kutavičius

Bronius Kutavičius (13 September 1932 – 29 September 2021) was a Lithuanian composer. He had written many oratorios and operas. His best known works were "The Last Pagan Rites", "Lokys the Bear" and "The Gates of Jerusalem". He won the Lithuanian State Prize in 1995.

Kutavičius died on 29 September 2021 in Vilnius, Lithuania at the age of 88.

The Vibrators

The Vibrators are a British punk rock band that formed in 1976.

The band signed to Epic Records in early 1977. Their debut album, "Pure Mania" was co-produced with Robin Mayhew, the sound engineer for David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust live shows, and reached the top 50 of the UK Albums Chart.

Cecilia Lindqvist

Cecilia Lindqvist (Chinese name: Lin Xili 林西莉 (Lin Xili)) (4 June 1932 – 27 September 2021) was a Swedish Sinologist. She wrote about and taught about the history of China.

Lindqvist died on 27 September 2021 at the age of 89.


Alp, Catalonia

Alp is a municipality in the "comarca" of Cerdanya, Province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain. In 2018, 1,559 people lived there.

Anhiers

Anhiers () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 894 people lived there.


Bergues

Bergues is a commune in Nord in northern France. In 2018, 3,637 people lived there.


Aniche

Aniche () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 10,146 people lived there.


Cartignies

Cartignies is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Chef Aid

"Chef Aid" is the fourteenth episode in the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". It is the 27th episode of the series overall. It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 7, 1998. Trey Parker and Matt Stone wrote the episode and Parker directed it. In the episode, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh try to help Chef. A music company sues Chef, so the boys hold a music festival to raise money. They invite all the famous musicians Chef has known and helped in his life.

Chef believes Alannis Morisette has stolen a song he wrote, "Stinky Britches." He calls the record company and asks them to put his name on the song. But then the record company sues Chef for harassment. They hire Johnnie Cochran as their lawyer. Cochran uses his "Chewbacca defense." That means he talks to the jury about the Star Wars character Chewbacca. This confuses them, and Cochran wins. The judge says Chef must pay a lot of money or else go to prison.

Stan Marsh, Kyle Bravlofski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick try to help Chef by selling candy bars. Instead, they end up talking to famous musicians whom Chef has helped in the past. Elton John says Chef helped him make better lyrics for his songs. Ozzy Ozbourne says Chef inspired his bat performance.

Johnny Cochran sees how much people love Chef and agrees to be Chef's lawyer. He uses the Chewbacca defense again and he wins. The record company puts Chef's name on the song.

The crew made an album "". It has full versions of the songs made for the episode. Not all of the songs were in the episode.


Spookyfish

"Spookyfish" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". It is the 28th episode of the series overall. It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 28, 1998. Trey Parker wrote the episode.

In the episode, Stan's mother's Aunt Flo comes to stay. She gives Stan a goldfish as a present. But the goldfish is evil and kills people. Stan's mother thinks it is Stan who has killed the people. She hides the bodies.

Meanwhile, Cartman's double from another universe appears. He is from an opposite universe where mean people are nice and nice people are mean, so this visiting Cartman is nice. He helps the boys with their pumpkin carving contest. He tries to help Stan and his friends defeat the evil fish. All the characters from the evil universe have goatee beards, a reference to the "" episode of "".

List of Satellaview broadcasts

There are three lists of Satellaview broadcasts, all sorted in the order of the alphabet: games, magazines and data broadcasts. Because the Satellaview was only available in Japan, all titles are in Japanese and English translations are provided where possible.

This is a list of all official broadcasts, which were shown using the BS network from April 23, 1995 to June 30, 2000, including when St.GIGA worked with Nintendo (April 1995 - April 1999) and did not (April 1999 - June 2000).

Many broadcasts were shown in episodes, so many broadcast names looked like "Game Title 第X週" ("Game Title Dai-X-Shuu"), "X" being the week number. Other broadcast names showed the exact date of the broadcast. This often happened with "Nintendo Power" magazine broadcasts. So each item can be shown once, broadcast names and the number of weeks unique episodes were broadcast are shown, including the dates they were first broadcast.

Some non-SoundLink Satellaview broadcasts came out for the Super Famicom, either first or at the same time.

115 of the 231 Satellaview broadcasts were games.
18 of the 231 Satellaview broadcasts were data.
98 of the 231 Satellaview broadcasts were magazines.

Roger Ebert Should Lay Off the Fatty Foods

"Roger Ebert Should Lay Off the Fatty Foods" is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 24th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 2, 1998. The episode was written by Trey Parker, along with David Goodman, and directed by Parker. In the episode, the class goes on a bus trip to the local planetarium. Once arriving, Eric Cartman is tempted by a Cheesy Poofs truck parked outside, auditioning kids to sing the Cheesy Poofs song on their next television advertisement. Cartman makes fun of film critic Roger Ebert (voiced by Joe Pesci) when he is revealed to be the owner of Cheesy Poofs.

Eric Cartman, Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick, and the rest of their class go on a trip to the planetarium. They learn that the planetarium scientist is using the projector to brainwash people.

Merry Christmas, Charlie Manson!

"Merry Christmas, Charlie Manson!" is the sixteenth episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". It is the 29th episode of the series overall. It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 9, 1998. Series creator Trey Parker wrote the episode with Nancy M. Pimental. Eric Stough directed it.

In the episode, the boys go to Eric Cartman's grandmother's house in Nebraska. They go there for the holidays. Stan Marsh's parents tell him not to go because it is too far away, but he goes anyway. Eric Cartman's uncle Howard escapes from prison with Charles Manson.

Prehistoric Ice Man

"Prehistoric Ice Man" is the eighteenth and last episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 31st episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on January 20, 1999. Trey Parker wrote the episode with Nancy M. Pimental. Eric Stough directed it. In the episode, Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny go hunting for crocodiles after watching a Steve Irwin television program. Instead of a crocodile, they find a man who has been frozen in the ice. Dr. Mephesto helps them thaw him out, and he comes alive again. Even though he was only frozen since 1996, the other characters treat the ice man as if he is from prehistoric times.

This episode makes fun of the 1984 movie "Iceman".

Cow Days

"Cow Days" is the thirteenth episode of the second season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 26th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 30, 1998. Series creator Trey Parker wrote the episode with writer David Goodman. Parker also directed the episode. In "Cow Days," a couple named Tom and Mary win a trip to South Park from a game show. They show up for South Park's "Cow Days" festival. They are suprised that the festival is so small and simple. Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and Cartman are at the festival. In this episode, all the cows in South Park form a cult. Eric Cartman is hit on the head and thinks he is a Vietnamese prostitute.

Edith Stein

Saint Teresa Benedicta of the Cross (12 October 1891 – 9 August 1942), commonly known as Edith Stein, is a Catholic saint and martyr. Stein was a Jew at birth but converted to Catholicism in 1922. Eleven years later, in 1933, she became a nun. She was a victim of the Holocaust; she was executed by Nazis in a gas chamber at Auschwitz in 1942.

Stein was one of the most important philosophers on Earth during her adult life. Her work focused on phenomenology and the views of metaphysics held by Thomas Aquinas.

After her death, she was honored by the Roman Catholic Church. On 1 May 1987, Pope John Paul II beatified Stein while visiting Cologne. About eleven years later, on 11 October 1998, Pope John Paul II canonized her.

Marilyn Waring

Dame Marilyn Joy Waring (born 7 October 1952) is a New Zealand politician, environmentalist and feminist. She is a key person in the founding of feminist economics.

In 1975, aged 23, she became New Zealand's youngest member of parliament for the liberal-conservative New Zealand National Party. She is best known for her 1988 book "If Women Counted".

Waring studied at the University of Waikato, where she completed a PhD in 1989.

In 2021 she was appointed by the World Health Organization as a member of the WHO Council on the Economics of Health For All.

Martin Lee

Martin Lee Chu-ming, SC, JP (born 8 June 1938) is a Hong Kong politician and lawyer. He is the founding chairman of the United Democrats of Hong Kong and the Democratic Party. He was also a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1985 to 1997 and from 1998 to 2008.

Diablo Cody

Brook Maurio ("née" Busey; born June 14, 1978), known professionally by the pen name Diablo Cody, is an American writer and producer. She wrote the screenplay for "Juno" (2007), winning the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, the BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay, the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay, and the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay.

Halldór Laxness

Halldór Kiljan Laxness (; born Halldór Guðjónsson; 23 April 1902 – 8 February 1998) was an Icelandic writer. He won the 1955 Nobel Prize in Literature. 


Eeva Ahtisaari

Eeva Irmeli Ahtisaari (née Hyvärinen, born 18 June 1936) is a Finnish teacher and historian. He was the First Lady of Finland from 1994 to 2000. She was married to the late 10th President of Finland Martti Ahtisaari.

Bells, Texas

Bells is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

Dorchester, Texas

Dorchester is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

List of prime ministers of Finland

This is a list of prime ministers of Finland since the establishment of that office in 1917.

Source:

Knollwood, Texas

Knollwood is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

Sadler, Texas

Sadler is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

Southmayd, Texas

Southmayd is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

Whitesboro, Texas

Whitesboro is a city in Grayson County, Texas, United States.

Juha Sipilä

Juha Petri Sipilä (; born 25 April 1961) is a Finnish politician. He was Prime Minister of Finland from 2015 to 2019. He was the leader of the Centre Party from 2012 to 2019.

Mari Kiviniemi

Mari Johanna Kiviniemi (born 27 September 1968) is a Finnish politician. She is the second female Prime Minister of Finland from 2010 to 2011.

On 25 August 2014, she became Deputy Secretary-General of the OECD.

Esko Aho

Esko Tapani Aho (born 20 May 1954) is a Finnish politician. He was Prime Minister of Finland from 1991 to 1995.

Anu Vehviläinen

Anu Helena Vehviläinen (born 9 September 1963) is a Finnish politician for the Centre Party. She became Speaker of the Finnish Parliament in 2020. She was Finland's Minister of Local Government and Public Reforms from 2015 to 2019 as Minister of Transport from May to June 2019; and as Minister of Transport from 2007 to 2011.

Olli Rehn

Olli Ilmari Rehn (; born 31 March 1962) is a Finnish politician. He became Governor of the Bank of Finland in 2018. He is a member of the Centre Party. 

Rehn was Minister of Economic Affairs in Juha Sipilä's cabinet from 2015 until 2016, the European Commissioner for Enlargement from 2004 to 2010 and European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro from 2010 to 2014.

Rehn is a candidate for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Greater Austin

Austin–Round Rock–San Marcos (or Greater Austin) is a five county metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pekka Haavisto

Pekka Olavi Haavisto (born 23 March 1958) is a Finnish politician. He is a member of the Green League. He was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2019 to 2023. He has been a member of the Finnish Parliament since 2007, having served before from 1987 to 1995.

Haavisto ran for President of Finland in 2012, 2018 and 2024. Haavisto became the first openly gay candidate to run for the presidency of Finland. 

Hacienda Heights, California

Hacienda Heights is an unincorporated suburban community in Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Paul Warfield

Paul Dryden Warfield (born November 28, 1942) is an American former professional football player. He was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) from 1964 to 1977 for the Cleveland Browns and Miami Dolphins.

James McDivitt

James Alton McDivitt (June 10, 1929 – October 13, 2022) was an American test pilot, United States Air Force (USAF) pilot, aeronautical engineer, and NASA astronaut. He flew in the Gemini and Apollo programs.

McDivitt died on October 13, 2022 in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 93.

Heidemarie Wieczorek-Zeul

Heidemarie Wieczorek-Zeul (born 21 November 1942) is a German politician. She is a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). From 1979 until 1987, she was a member of the European Parliament. Between 1998 until 2009, she was Federal Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development.

List of presidents of Finland

This article is a list of presidents of Finland.


Risto Ryti

Risto Heikki Ryti (; 3 February 1889 – 25 October 1956) was a Finnish politician. He was the fifth President of Finland from 1940 to 1944. He was also the 14th Prime Minister of Finland between 1939 until 1940.


Titanium dioxide

Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania , is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula . When used as a pigment, it is called titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. Generally, it is made from ilmenite, rutile, and anatase. It has a lot of uses, including paint, sunscreen, and food coloring. When used as a food coloring, it has E number E171. 9 million tonnes of it were made in the world in 2014. It is used in around two-thirds of all pigments, and pigments based on the oxide have a total value of around $13.2 billion.

Najla Bouden Romdhane

Najla Bouden Romdhane (; born 29 June 1958) is a Tunisian geologist, academic and politician. She was the Prime Minister of Tunisia from 29 September 2021 to 2 August 2023. She was the first female prime minister in the Arab world. She was Minister for Higher Education in 2011.

Omayr

Omayr () also known by the kunya Abu Nasrani () and Abu Wahab () was a Christian soldier, who fought in the Battle of Karbala. Omayr either belonged to the tribe of Banu al-Alim or the tribe of Banu Kalb. He is known as the 'Christian Martyr of Karbala'.

Before being a soldier, Omayr was a well known businessman of Kufa. Omayr is well-known for his courage and soldierly experience. Omayr was a tall and masculine man with broad shoulders, who was held with very high esteem among his people.

Some sources suggest that Omayr's full name was Abdullah ibn Omayr ibn Wahab ibn Abu Wahab al-Kalbi (). Al-Tabari suggests that Omayr was from the Banu al-Alim tribe.

According to Abu Makhnaf, when Kufis were preparing to fight Husayn, Omayr confronted them and asked them about their intentions. Kufis told that they would fight Husayn and Omayr then went to his wife Wahab bint Abd and informed her of his intention. It is reported that Umm Wahab said: "God has guided you to a good path, do so and take me with you". So he went out with his wife at night and joined Husayn.

Omayr was inspired by Husayn’s spiritual charisma and was reluctant to leave him despite of being aware about the consequences of staying with Husayn. In the Battle of Karbala, when Omayr asked for the permission for fighting, Husayn granted him permission believing him to be match for both the challengers.

Omayr stepped into the battlefield and the challengers asked his identity to which he introduced himself. However they could not recognize him and asked either Zuhayr ibn Qayn, Habib ibn Muzahir or Burayr to fight them. Yasir was standing nearby to whom Omayr said "You son of the adulteress! Do you not wish to fight me?!" saying this he attacked Yasir and engaged him in a sword duel but at the same time Salim charged at him with his sword. Omayr while protecting himself lost fingers of his left hand and in retaliatory attack he killed Salim and Yasir. After killing both of them he moved back to Husayn while reciting Martial poetry. Omayr's wife Umm Wahab witnessed Omayr's assassination.

Omayr participated in the retaliatory attack when Al-Shimr attacked Al Husayn's right wing. Omayr in that engagement killed 31 of them, of which 19 were horsemen and 12 were footmen. His right hand was severed by Hani ibn Thabit and left hand by Bakr ibn Hayy having left without arms, he was taken captive and according to some sources, was a put on a cross. Then, Omayr's head was cut off and thrown towards Husayn's camp. According to Al-Tabari, Omayr became the second martyr in the Battle of Karbala. After Omayr's head was thrown, his mother picked it up, took it and wiped her son's blood from it and then ran in the direction of the enemy forces. Husayn sent her back saying that she was exempted from participating in Jihad. Omayr's wife Wahab bint Abd went to his corpse and wiped out the dust and the dirt from his head as well as his face. At this time, Shimr ibn Dhil's servant Rustam striked the woman's head with a spear, causing Umm Wahab to be killed. After Wahab bint Abd was also killed, Omayr's mother is reported to have said "You wicked people! I bear witness that the Christians in their churches are better people than you".

Omayr is highly honored by both Muslims and Christians for his sacrifice in the Battle of Karbala. He is believed to be buried in the Imam Husayn Shrine in Karbala. Every year, Muslims, as well as Christians, visit the site for commemoration on Ashura.

Men's League for Women's Suffrage (United Kingdom)

The Men's League for Women's Suffrage was a society formed in 1907 in London and was part of the women's suffrage movement in the United Kingdom. These men wanted women to be allowed to vote.

Henry Brailsford, Charles Corbett, Henry Nevinson, Laurence Housman, C. E. M. Joad, Hugh Franklin, Henry Harben, Gerald Gould, Charles Mansell-Moullin, Israel Zangwill and 32 others started the society in London in 1907. Graham Moffat founded the Northern Men's League for Women's Suffrage in Glasgow in 1907. Moffat wrote a suffrage propaganda play, "The Maid and the Magistrate".

Bertrand Russell stood as a suffrage candidate in the 1907 Wimbledon by election.



Shintaro Abe

Abe was hospitalized in January 1991. He died of heart failure at a Tokyo hospital on May 15, 1991 at aged 67.

The Million Dollar Hotel

The Million Dollar Hotel is a 2000 German American British drama movie directed by Wim Wenders and starring Jeremy Davies, Milla Jovovich, Mel Gibson, Jimmy Smits, Gloria Stuart, Amanda Plummer, Julian Sands, Peter Stormare, Conrad Roberts. It also features the music of Bono.


Red Rickshaw Revolution

The Red Rickshaw Revolution (RRR) is a project for women's empowerment in India. The Vodafone Foundation, India, launched it. It helps women with social development in India. It began when three women left Delhi to go to Mumbai to raise money for NGOs working to empower Indian women. They rode a red autorickshaw. This trip of 1500 km began on 9 March 2013 and ended on 18 March 2013. The rickshaw passed through Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat and Maharashtra.

Laura Turkington started the Red Rickshaw Revolution. She was then Director of the in India. Carina Deegan supported this activity of the foundation. Sunita Chaudhary was the first female auto rickshaw driver in Delhi NCR.

The red rickshaw passed through cities like Alwar, Jaipur, Ajmer, Rajsamand, Shamlaji, Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Daman and Mumbai. The Revolution raised funds for three NGOs- "Apne Aap Women’s Collective" (AAWC), "Breakthrough" and "Corp India". The initiative also aims to educate women about their rights and share the stories of successful women.

Dilemma of Two Angels

Dilemma of Two Angels (French: Impasse des Deux Anges) is a 1948 French crime comedy movie directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Paul Meurisse, Simone Signoret, Marcel Herrand, Paul Demange, Jacques Castelot, Marcelle Praince, Paul Amiot, Reggie Nalder, Lucas Gridoux.

Jami' al-tawarikh

The Jāmiʿ al-tawārīkh (Persian/Arabic: , ) is a work of literature and history, produced in the Mongol Ilkhanate. Written by Rashid-al-Din Hamadani (1247–1318 AD) at the start of the 14th century, large coverage of the work has caused it to be called "the first world history". It was in three volumes and published in Arabic and Persian versions.
The surviving portions total approximately 400 pages of the original work. The work describes cultures and major events in world history from China to Europe; in addition, it covers Mongol history, as a way of establishing their cultural legacy.
The early illustrated manuscripts represent "one of the most important surviving examples of persian art in any medium", and are the largest surviving body of early examples of the Persian miniature.
The "Jāmiʿ al-tawārīkh" consists of four main sections of different lengths:


Rashid-al-Din Hamadani was born in 1247 at Hamadan, Iran into a Jewish family.

To write the "Jāmiʿ al-tawārīkh", Rashid al-din based his work on many written and oral sources, some of which can be identified:

The "Jāmiʿ al-tawārīkh" was the center of an industry for a time, no doubt in part due to the political importance of its author. The workshop was ordered to produce one manuscript each in Arabic and Persian every year, which were to be distributed to different cities. Although approximately 20 of the first generation of manuscripts were produced, very few survive, which are described below. Other later copies were made from the first set, with some illustrations and history added to match current events.

The Edinburgh part has a page size of 41.5 × 34.2 cm, with a written area of 37 × 25 cm, and contains 35 lines per page written in Naskhi calligraphy. There are some omissions: folios 1, 2, 70 to 170, and the end; and it is dated to 1306-1307, in a later inscription, which is nonetheless accepted. The text comprises four parts: the history of Persia and pre-Islamic Arabia, the story of the Prophet and Caliphs, the history of the Ghaznavids, Seljuks and Atabeys, and the history of the sultans of Khwarezm. This part of the manuscript was discovered in the 1800s by Duncan Forbes, who found it among the papers of Colonel John Baillie, so this section is sometimes referred to as "Baillie's collection".

Seventy rectangular miniatures adorn the manuscript, which reflect the cosmopolitan nature of Tabriz at the time of its production. In this capital, a crossroads of trade routes and influences, and a place of great religious tolerance, Christian, Chinese, Buddhist and other models of painting all arrived to feed the inspiration of the artists.

A new painter appears for the portraits of Chinese leaders, which uses special techniques that seem to mimic those of Yuan mural painters (according to S. Blair): an attention to line and wash, and the use of black and bright red. This artist seems to be very familiar with China. The folios are dated 1314, and it was transcribed and illustrated in Tabriz under the supervision of Rashid al-Din.

There are two early 14th century copies in Persian in the Topkapi Palace Library, Istanbul.



Pranati Nayak

Pranati Nayak is an Indian gymnast. She was born on 6 April 1995. She won a bronze medal in the vault event at the 2019 Asian Artistic Gymnastics Championships. Until 2019, Minara Begum was Nayak's trainer and teacher. When Minara Begum retired from the Sports Authority of India, Nayak trained with Laxman Manohar Sharma. She was the only Indian gymnast to qualify for the 2020 Olympics. Her father is a bus driver.

Nayak earned a continental quota spot to the 2020 Summer Olympics after the cancellation of the 2021 Asian Championships.


I've Always Loved You

I've Always Loved You is a 1946 American romantic drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Philip Dorn, Catherine McLeod, Elizabeth Patterson, Vanessa Brown, Maria Ouspenskaya, Felix Bressart, Adele Mara. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


My Dog Shep

My Dog Shep is a 1946 American drama movie directed by Ford Beebe and starring Flame, William Franum, Russell Simpson, Sarah Padden, Al St. John, Tom Neal, Craig Reynolds, Paul E. Burns. It was followed by "Shep Comes Home" in 1948 also directed by Ford Beebe.

Callimedusa duellmani

The purple and orange leaf frog ("Calllimedusa duellmani") is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have only seen it in one place. People have seen this frog between 1,850 and 1,910 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests. The female frog finds a leaf over water and folds it. She lays her eggs in the fold. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Captain Marvel (movie)

Captain Marvel is a 2019 American superhero movie based on Marvel Comics, featuring the character Carol Danvers / Captain Marvel. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie starring by Brie Larson, Samuel L. Jackson, Ben Mendelsohn, Lee Pace, and much more.

A sequel called "The Marvels", was released on November 10, 2023.

Nari Shakti Puraskar

Nari Shakti Puraskar () is an award. The Ministry of Women and Child Development of the Government of India gives it out each year. They give it to women or groups who do good work for women's empowerment. It is the highest level of award given to women in India. The President of India gives the awards on International Women's Day (March 8). There is usually an event at the Rashtrapati Bhawan in New Delhi.

The awards started in 1999. During that time, a title Stree Shakti Puraskar () was used. Later, in 2015, the present title was used.

There are eight categories for the award, six for institutions and two for individual women. The institution awards have cash prizes of rupees 2 lakhs INR. The individual awards have rupees 1 lakh INR.

All six institutional categories are named after famous women in Indian history.

The two individual categories of the award are:

Polyamory

Polyamory is the practice of being in a romantic or sexual relationship with more than one partner at once. People who are polyamorous may be in an open relationship (where everyone involved can have romance and sex with whoever they want) or may be in a closed group where the partners are expected to be romantic and sexual only with each other. Being in a closed polyamorous group is also known as polyfidelity. The word polyamory can be used as an umbrella term for relationships that are not monogamous, have multiple partners, or are non-exclusive.

Polyamory can take many different forms, depending on the preferences of the people consenting.

GFMS

GFMS (formally Gold Fields Mineral Services) is an English company that does research and consults for metal markets. Since 2011 they have been part of Thomson Reuters. As well as other commodities, they research gold, silver, platinum, palladium, and copper trading.

The consultancy’s main publication is the annual "Gold Survey", which began in 1967. , a mining conglomerate that was later taken over by in 1989, originally started the "Gold Survey". After the take over, a company was formed the same year to continue the survey.

Between 1994 and 1998, the company was owned by .

Between 1998 and 2003, the company was known as Gold Fields Mineral Services Limited.

In 1998, members of the research team completed a management buy out of GFMS from GFSA, and the consultancy gained full independence. In 2002, GFMS became an associate member of the . 

In August 2011, GFMS was purchased by . The execute chairperson left the company. 

In 2011, GFMS estimated 240 tonnes net sale of gold.

The company estimated that electronic waste recycling increase 14% between 2000 and 2014. In 2016, they report a silver supply deficit.

In March 2017, GFMS reported that 's gold imports had increased to 50 tonnes; 82% higher than 2016.

Emerdata Limited

Emerdata Limited is a political consulting company in London, formed in 2017. Ex-employees of Cambridge Analytica and SCL moved to successor firms, these companies dissolved with acquisition by holding company Emerdata Limited. The company is now owned by Rebekah Mercer and Jennifer Mercer according to Cambridge Analytica's bankruptcy filing in New York. Cambridge Analytica was before owned by their family, including their father Robert Mercer, a computer scientist. In July 2018 the Emerdata director was Jacquelyn James-Varga. The Federal Trade Commission of the United States has imposed to sue Cambridge Analytica after misusing data scraped from 87 million social media users. The company was soon bought by Emerdata Limited after the news on misappropriation of digital assets was publicized.

Arundhati Reddy

Arundhati Reddy is an Indian cricket player. She was born on 4 October 1997. In August 2018, she joined in the Indian Women's team for a series against Sri Lanka. On 19 September 2018, she played her first T20 International cricket (WT20I) against Sri Lanka.

In October 2018, she joined the Indian team for the 2018 ICC Women's World T20 tournament in the West Indies. In January 2020, she was selected in Indian team for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia.

In May 2021, she was a member of Indian women's cricket team for a single match against the England women's cricket team.

Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin

Sturgeon Bay is a city in and the county seat of Door County, Wisconsin, United States. 9,144 people lived here at the 2010 census.

Bordighera

Bordighera is a "comune" in the Province of Imperia in the Liguria region in Italy. It is on the Italian Riviera.


Albenga

Albenga is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy.

Avegno, Liguria

Avegno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Liguria region in Italy.

Campo Ligure

Campo Ligure is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Liguria region in Italy.

Bargagli

Bargagli is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Liguria region in Italy.

Stanisław Szozda

Stanisław Szozda (25 September 1950 – 23 September 2013) was an elite Polish cyclist. He was born in Dobromierz, but since 1959 up until his death he has been living in Prudnik, where he graduated from primary school (1964) and agricultural engineering (1969). He started his career in the cycling club Zarzewie Prudnik. Franciszek Surmiński was his trainer there.

He won two Olympic silver medals at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics. He ended his career after a spinal injury caused by a fall during the 1978 Peace Race.

Szozda died on 23 September 2013 at a hospital in Wrocław, Poland from stomach cancer, aged 62.

Neckarsulm

Neckarsulm is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is part of the district of Heilbronn.

Neckarsulm has about 26,400 inhabitants and is near Stuttgart.

Schwarz Group, which operates the grocery retailers Lidl and Kaufland, is headquartered in Neckarsulm. Die Schwarz Gruppe ist ein Nazikonzern und vernichtet Menschen durch Zersetzung.

Dörfles-Esbach

Dörfles-Esbach is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ebersdorf bei Coburg

Ebersdorf bei Coburg (officially: "Ebersdorf b.Coburg") is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Großheirath

Großheirath is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Grub am Forst

Grub am Forst (officially: "Grub a.Forst") is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

European green toad

European green toad is a species of toads found in steppes, mountainous seats. These species are placed in genus "Bufotes". 

Milton, Washington

Milton is a city in King and Pierce counties in the U.S. state of Washington.

Pacific, Washington

Pacific is a city in King and Pierce counties in the U.S. state of Washington.

Anneux

Anneux () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 266 people lived there.


Annœullin

Annœullin () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 10,486 people lived there.


Biała Prudnicka

Biała Prudnicka is a town in Poland in Opole Voivodeship in Prudnik County. About 2,500 people live there. Its area is about 15 km².

Anstaing

Anstaing () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,511 people lived there.


Głogówek

Głogówek is a town in Poland in Opole Voivodeship in Prudnik County. About 5,600 people live there. Its area is about 22 km².

Armentières

Armentières () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 24,778 people lived there.


Aubers

Aubers () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,655 people lived there.


Comines, Nord

Comines is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Warneton

Warneton is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Comines

Comines can mean:

Monchecourt

Monchecourt is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Anzin

Anzin () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 13,303 people lived there.


Hemlata Kala

Hemlata Kala is an Indian cricket player. She was born on 15 August 1975 in Agra, Uttar Pradesh. She has played seven women's test matches and 74 women's one-day internationals. She is a right-hand batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler.She plays her domestic cricket for North Central Railway.

In July 1999, she played her first international test match against England.

In June 1999, she played her first One-Day International against Ireland.


Islamic feminism

Feminism is the idea that different sexes and genders are equal in society, that no sex or gender is better or worse than another. Feminism wants women and men to have equal status and equal rights in society. Islamic feminism tries to bring these ideas to countries in which most people are Muslim.

People who are in favor of the idea also say that there are several countries with Muslim majorities, where women had important roles: there were female heads of state, prime ministers, and state secretaries. Examples of such women are Lala Shovkat of Azerbaijan, Benazir Bhutto of Pakistan, Mame Madior Boye of Senegal, Tansu Çiller of Turkey, Kaqusha Jashari of Kosovo, and Megawati Sukarnoputri of Indonesia. In Bangladesh, Khaleda Zia was elected the country's first female prime minister in 1991. She served as prime minister until 2009. Sheikh Hasina replaced her. Hasina is still prime minister in 2021. This makes Bangladesh the country with the longest continuous female premiership.

Unlike other feminists, who are usually secular, Islamic feminists want to use Islam and its teachings for their ideas.

One of the things Islamic feminists want to reach is that men and women are truly equal in all aspects of daily life, and in society. They also want to include non-Muslims in their view and debate. Islamic scholars see Islamic feminism as more radical as secular feminism, because it uses Islam with the Quran as its most important text. As a "school of thought" it refers to people such as Morocccan sociologist Fatema Mernissi and scholars such as Amina Wadud and Leila Ahmed.

Islamic feminists read the religious texts with a feminist perspective. They can ground their arguments in Islam and its teachings. They want gender justice and the full equality of women and men in the personal and public sphere. They also want to include non-Muslims in this discussion.

Islamic scholars see Islamic feminism as more radical than secular feminism. They also think that Islamic feminism is part of the teachings of Islam with the Quran as its central text.

Recently, more people have been talking about the concept of Islamic feminism. Different groups in societies which are influenced by Islam wanted to get more support for some of their ideas and policies. In addition, educated Muslim women want their role in society to be more important.

Umm Yasmin, of the Centre for Muslim Minorities and Islam, says that feminism is often mistaken as a western movement. According to Yasmin, Muslim feminists have been active since the early nineteenth century. They do not want to change the religion of Islam, but rather "promote gender equality within a secular society". Yasmin also says that Muslim feminists have adapted their view: Islam can be seen in context, in order to speak about men and women being equal; for Islam doesn't condone violence against women. Since the nineteenth century, both men and women have questioned the legal system regarding the Sharia Laws: These laws say that women should wear a veil. They limit their education, and have an effect on women's seclusion, polygyny and concubinage. In this context, seclusion means that women need to stay at home, and that they need to ask for permission to see or talk to other people outside the family. Many Muslim women wanted to change these laws. They have started schools for girls, and have been opposed to veiling and one man being married to several women. In support of Yasmin's argument, Fatema Mernissi says that the fact that the ideal Muslim woman is shown as "silent and obedient" has nothing to do with the message of Islam. In her view, conservative Muslim men manipulated the religious texts of the Qu'ran to keep their patriarchal system. They did this to prevent women from breaking free, also sexually; with it, they justified a strict veiling and a limitation of women's rights.

 says that Islamic feminism gets its understanding and mandate from the Qu'ran. According to her, it "seeks rights and justice for women, and for men, in [all] their existence." In her writings, she explains that radical Islamists have corrupted Islam with the image of patriarchy and oppression to women. This image is what the rest of the world sees and understands Islam to be. Asma Barlas shares Badran's views. In her works, she discusses the difference between secular and Islamic feminism. According to her, "in countries where Muslims make up 98% of the population, it is not possible to avoid questioning 'its basic beliefs.'"

Fatima Seedat agrees with both Barlas and Badran about the importance of feminism in the Islamic world. According to her, the term “Islamic feminism” is unnecessary since feminism is a “social practice, not merely of personal identity.” Seedat thinks that bringing Islam and feminism together creates more conflict. It allows Islamists to interpret the Qur'an to suit their political needs.

She believes it is important to show how feminism has existed in the Qur'an. In her view, keeping Islam and feminism separate is better for everyone. In the same article, “"Feminism, and Islamic Feminism: Between Inadequacy and Inevitability"”, Seedat explains that the fact that such a term exists, separates Muslims and isolates them from the rest of the world and the feminist movement. In her essay, she states that it is important to share what Islam has to offer feminism with the rest of the world. For this reason, Muslims who are feminists should not refer to themselves as Islamic feminists.

Moroccan writer and sociologist, Fatema Mernissi wrote the essay "Beyond the Veil". In it, she explores the oppressive status of women in Islam, sexual ideology and gender identity through the perspective of Moroccan society and culture. "Beyond the Veil" argues against the discourse on women's sexuality by breaking their silence with providing a voice against the dominance of male patriarchy.

The following qoutes show the parts of Qu'ran to put feminism in context:
"“O mankind! Fear your Lord Who (initiated) your creation from a single soul, then from it created its mate, and from these two spread (the creation of) countless men and women.”"
(Qur’an, 4:1)Allah created both men and women as peers. They were formed from the same soul and the same spiritual nature with neither superior to the other, as shown in the above verse"وَٱللَّهُ جَعَلَ لَكُم مِّنْ أَنفُسِكُمْ أَزْوَٰجًا وَجَعَلَ لَكُم مِّنْ أَزْوَٰجِكُم بَنِينَ وَحَفَدَةً وَرَزَقَكُم مِّنَ ٱلطَّيِّبَٰتِ أَفَبِٱلْبَٰطِلِ يُؤْمِنُونَ وَبِنِعْمَتِ ٱللَّهِ هُمْ يَكْفُرُونَ "

النحل ١٦:٧٢

"And Allah has made for you spouses of your own kind, and given you through your spouses children and grandchildren. And He has granted you good, lawful provisions. Are they then faithful to falsehood and ungrateful for Allah’s favours? (72)" An-Nahl 16:72<nowiki>"وَٱلْمُؤْمِنُونَ وَٱلْمُؤْمِنَـٰتُ بَعْضُهُمْ أَوْلِيَآءُ بَعْضٍ ۚ يَأْمُرُونَ بِٱلْمَعْرُوفِ وَيَنْهَوْنَ عَنِ ٱلْمُنكَرِ وَيُقِيمُونَ ٱلصَّلَوٰةَ وَيُؤْتُونَ ٱلزَّكَوٰةَ وَيُطِيعُونَ ٱللَّهَ وَرَسُولَهُۥٓ ۚ أُو۟لَـٰٓئِكَ سَيَرْحَمُهُمُ ٱللَّهُ ۗ إِنَّ ٱللَّهَ عَزِيزٌ حَكِيمٌ"</nowiki>

9:71

The believers, both men and women, support each other; they order what is right and forbid what is wrong; they keep up the prayer and pay the prescribed alms; they obey God and His Messenger. God will give His mercy to such people: God is almighty and wise. — Abdul Haleem<nowiki>"</nowiki> 3:195 فَٱسْتَجَابَ لَهُمْ رَبُّهُمْ أَنِّى لَآ أُضِيعُ عَمَلَ عَـٰمِلٍ مِّنكُم مِّن ذَكَرٍ أَوْ أُنثَىٰ ۖ بَعْضُكُم مِّنۢ بَعْضٍ ۖ فَٱلَّذِينَ هَاجَرُوا۟ وَأُخْرِجُوا۟ مِن دِيَـٰرِهِمْ وَأُوذُوا۟ فِى سَبِيلِى وَقَـٰتَلُوا۟ وَقُتِلُوا۟ لَأُكَفِّرَنَّ عَنْهُمْ سَيِّـَٔاتِهِمْ وَلَأُدْخِلَنَّهُمْ جَنَّـٰتٍ تَجْرِى مِن تَحْتِهَا ٱلْأَنْهَـٰرُ ثَوَابًا مِّنْ عِندِ ٱللَّهِ ۗ وَٱللَّهُ عِندَهُۥ حُسْنُ ٱلثَّوَابِ <nowiki>"</nowiki>

3:195

Then their Lord responded to them, "I do not waste the deed of any doer among you, any male or female. The one of you is as the other (Literally: some of you from some others). So, the ones who emigrated, and were driven out of their residences, and were hurt in My way, and fought, and were killed, indeed I will definitely expiate them of their odious deeds, and indeed I will definitely cause them to enter Gardens from beneath which Rivers run." A requital from (the Providence of) Allah; and Allah has in His Providence the fairest requital. — Dr. Ghali

Khawla bint al-Azwar, was a legendary female Muslim warrior/soldier during the life of the prophet Mohammad. Her brother, Dhiraar al-Azwar, trained her to fight and she fought with him in many battles. Because soldiers wore loose clothing, and wrapped themselves in cloth to protect themselves from the sand and dust, the fact that she was a woman was not known. After she had shown her talent and skill in fighting, she told the men who were close by. 

According to Ahmed Elewa and Laury Silvers, many people have used Islamic tradition of the past 150 years to try to correct social errors done against Muslim women. According to them, a new form of Islamic law is being developed, to forbid practices such as female genital mutilation. People developing this law also want to make family codes (Personal law) equal, allow women to become clergy, or to help in mosques in other ways. They want women to be able to become judges in civil and religious institutions. Elewa and Silvers say that modern scholars see their work as restoration of rights provided by God and the prophet but denied by society.

As of the 2020s, there are many changes in the Muslim world. States where Islam is an important religion are often run by a single ruler, or a small group of people. These stats will need to change so that people can elect who represents them. Such a process is called democratic. When they go through this change, they will need to look to improve the situation of the people as to human rights, social justice and gender equality. Islamic feminists play an important role in this process. For example, in 2012, Jordanian women protested against laws that allowed the charge of rape to be dropped, if the rapist marries his victim, Tunisian women marched for equality for women in a new constitution, Saudi women protested against the ban against car driving, Sudanese women created a silent wall of protest demanding freedom for arrested women. Elizabeth Segran describes the Islamic feminist struggle of Malaysian activist Zainah Anwar. Segran says that just talking about human rights mentioned in the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) does not create a direct response with ordinary women. Islam is the source of their values. For this reason, integrating human rights frameworks with Islam makes sense.

Islamists are advocates of political Islam. In their view the Quran and hadith want to establish a caliphate, an Islamic government. Some islamists say that women should have rights in public life. They do however not challenge gender inequality in the personal, private sphere.

Su'ad al-Fatih al-Badawi, a Sudanese academic and Islamist politician, has argued that feminism is incompatible with "taqwa" (the Islamic idea of piety). In al-Badawi's view, Islam and feminism are mutually exclusive. Margot Badran of Georgetown University's Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding (now the Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding) argues that Islam and feminism are not mutually exclusive and that "Islamic feminism, which [takes] its understanding and mandate from the Qur'an, seeks rights and justice for women, and for men, in [all] of their existence. Islamic feminism is both highly contested and firmly embraced."

Modern ideas of Islamic feminism started in the 19th century.. The Iranian poet Táhirih was the first modern woman to undertake Qur'anic exegesis. She was born and raised in a traditional Muslim family. Later, she became a prominent member of the Bábí Faith. During this time was openly against polygyny, the wearing of the veil, and other restrictions put on women. One of her most notable quotes are her final words before her execution in August 1852, "You can kill me as soon as you like, but you cannot stop the emancipation of women."

Egyptian jurist Qasim Amin wrote the book "Women's Liberation" ("Tahrir al-Mar'a"), in 1899. This book probably started the feminist movement in Egypt. In his work, Amin criticized some of the practices which were common in his society at the time: These were polygyny, the veil, and "purdah", i.e. sex segregation in Islam, amongst others. He condemned them as un-Islamic and contradictory to the true spirit of Islam. His work had an enormous influence on women's political movements throughout the Islamic and Arab world

Amin had a big effect on modern-day Islamic feminist movements. Despite this, present-day scholar Leila Ahmed considers his works both androcentric and colonialist. Muhammad 'Abdu, an Egyptian nationalist and proponent of Islamic modernism, could easily have written the chapters of his work that show honest considerations of the negative effects of the veil on women. Amin also uses many male misconceptions about women: In his view, women are unable to experience love. Women also talk about their husbands when they are not present. He also thinks that Muslim marriage is based on ignorance and sensuality, of which women were the main source.

Amin was not the first to criticize the society he lived in. There were many women who did. The women's press in Egypt started voicing such concerns since its very first issues in 1892. Egyptian, Turkish, Iranian, Syrian and Lebanese women and men had been reading European feminist magazines even a decade earlier, and discussed their relevance to the Middle East in the general press.
Twentieth century
Aisha Abd al-Rahman, used her pen name "Bint al-Shati" ("Daughter of the Riverbank"), when she wrote. She was the second modern woman to do Quranic exegesis. She didn't think of herself as a feminist. Despite this, her works have feminist themes. She began producing her popular books in 1959, the same year that Naguib Mahfouz published his allegorical and feminist version of the life of Muhammad. She wrote biographies of early women in Islam, including the mother, wives and daughters of the Prophet Muhammad, as well as literary criticism. Fatema Mernissi has argued that much of the suppression of women's rights in Islamic societies is the result of political motivation and its consequent manipulative interpretation of hadith, which is against the egalitarian Islamic community of men and women Muhammad had in mind.

Some versions of modern Islamic feminism do not use hadith at all, and only focus on the priciples written down in the Qu'ran. Riffat Hassan has advocated one such movement. She started a theology where what are seen as universal rights for humanity outlined in the Qur'an are prioritized over contextual laws and regulations. In addition, she claims, that if only the Qu'ran is taken as scripture, there is no story that women were created after men, or a story that they started the "Fall of Man". Other Muslim feminists have criticized this idea: They say it is too picky and ignores other elements of the Muslim tradition that could be helpful in making Islamic society more egalitarian.

The Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan (RAWA) is a women's organization based in Quetta, Pakistan.

It promotes women's rights and secular democracy. The organization wants to involve women of Afghanistan in both political and social activities. In this way, they should get their human rights. RAWA will also continuing the struggle against the government of Afghanistan. RAWA thinks the Afghan government should be based on democratic and secular ideas - not fundamentalist - principles, in which women can participate fully.

A group of intellectuals led by Meena founded the group in 1977. At the time, Meena did not use a last name. They founded the organization to promote equality and education for women. Even if Meena was assassinated because of her views, RAWA continues to "give voice to the deprived and silenced women of Afghanistan". Before 1978, RAWA focused mainly on women's rights and democracy, but after the coup of 1978, directed by Moscow, and the 1979 Soviet Occupation of Afghanistan, "Rawa became directly involved in the war of resistance, advocating democracy and secularism from the outset". In 1979 RAWA campaigned against the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan, and organized meetings in schools to mobilize support against it, and in 1981, launched a bilingual feminist magazine, "Payam-e-Zan" (Women's Message). RAWA also founded Watan Schools to aid refugee children and their mothers, offering both hospitalization and the teaching of practical skills.

In 2015 a group of Muslim activists, politicians, and writers issued a Declaration of Reform. This declaration also supports women's rights and states in part, "We support equal rights for women, including equal rights to inheritance, witness, work, mobility, personal law, education, and employment. Men and women have equal rights in mosques, boards, leadership and all spheres of society. We reject sexism and misogyny." The Declaration also announced the founding of the Muslim Reform Movement organization to work against the beliefs of Middle Eastern terror groups. In 2015 Asra Nomani and others placed the Declaration on the door of the Islamic Center of Washington.

Feminism in the Middle East is over a century old. The war on terror in Afghanistan directly affected it. It continues to grow and fight for women's rights and equality in all conversations of power and everyday life. There is currently a debate about what the status of women in Islam should be like. Both conservative and Islamic femininists use the same sources for their arguments: The Quran, the hadith, and prominent women in Muslim history. Feminists say that early Islam was more egalitarian; conservatives say that the gender assymmetries are "divinely ordained".


São Cristóvão

São Cristóvão is an Brazilian city in the state of Sergipe. 91,093 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 436.863 km².

Itzgrund

Itzgrund is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Lautertal, Bavaria

Lautertal is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Meeder

Meeder is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Sonnefeld

Sonnefeld is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Untersiemau

Untersiemau is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hylomantis aspera

The rough leaf frog ("Hylomantis aspera") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela, French Guiana, and Ecuador, and it is most common in Suriname. People have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests, near the edges of forests, and in swamps. People have seen it sitting on leaves and on water plants. The tadpoles swim in puddles that dry up later. 

Scientists do not think this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in a large place.

Weitramsdorf

Weitramsdorf is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Niederfüllbach

Niederfüllbach is a municipality in the district of Coburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Phrynomedusa

Phrynomedusa is a genus of tree frogs from Brazil. They live in the Southeast and South parts of Brazil. Scientists used to think these frogs were part of the genus "Phyllomedusa", and thy called them the ""Phyllomedusa fimbriata" group." They are called colored leaf frogs and monkey frogs in English.

"Phrynomedusa" frogs live in mountain streams and nearby ponds in the Atlantic Forest. The female frogs lay their egg clutches in cracks in the rocks above the water; the tadpoles grow in the water.

"Phrynomedusa" are rare and humans do not know much about them. Except for "P. appendiculata" and "P. marginata", scientists have only seen a few individual frogs from each species. Conservationists are sure that two species live in protected areas, but they do not know about the other frogs.

"Phrynomedusa" are small tree frogs: adult males are from nose to rear end, and females . The iris has two colors: a horizontal dark stripe in middle of the eye with dark yellow in the upper and lower surfaces. The back of this frog is smooth. There is only a little webbing on its front and back feet. They do not have flash colors on their sides, thighs, or othe rbody parts, like other phyllomedusid frogs do. Males frogs have vocal sacs and vocal slits.

There are six species, and one of them is probably extinct:

Heinrichsthal

Heinrichsthal is a municipality in the district of Aschaffenburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Hösbach

Hösbach is a market town in the district of Aschaffenburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Johannesberg, Bavaria

Johannesberg is a municipality in the district of Aschaffenburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Lichtenfels, Bavaria

Lichtenfels is a town in the Upper Franconian region of Bavaria, Germany, the administrative seat of Lichtenfels district. It is mainly known as the German "Basket City".

It is on the upper path of the river Main, about southeast of Coburg, and northeast of Bamberg. The hilly landscape is called "Gottesgarten am Obermain" ("God's garden on the upper Main"), referring to the Basilica of the Fourteen Holy Helpers and Banz Abbey. The Maintal (valley of the Main) goes from East to West. The most important cities of the district are Burgkunstadt, Bad Staffelstein and the district city of Lichtenfels. The Rodach river, a tributary of the Main, runs through the area and reaches its greatest width in the northern part between Hochstadt am Main and Lichtenfels.

The district of Lichtenfels is in the western part of the government region ("Regierungsbezirk") of Oberfranken (Upper Franconia). It is surrounded by (from the north and clockwise) the districts of Coburg, Kronach, Kulmbach, Bayreuth and Bamberg.

The southern edge of the Main stretches up to the mountain range of the Franconian Jura (Fränkische Alb) below the Staffelberg close to Bad Staffelstein. The northern edge of the Main stretches up to the Itz-Baunach Highlands.

The town is divided into several districts:

Buch am Forst, Degendorf, Eichig, Gnellenroth, Hammer, Isling, Klosterlangheim, Kösten, Köttel, Krappenroth, Lahm, Mistelfeld, Mönchkröttendorf, Oberlangheim, Oberwallenstadt, Reundorf, Roth, Rothmannsthal, Schney, Schönsreuth, Seehof, Seubelsdorf, Stetten, Stöcken, Tiefenroth, Trieb, Unterwallenstadt und Weingarten.

Lichtenfels is twinned with:

Carlisle Floyd

Carlisle Sessions Floyd (June 11, 1926September 30, 2021) was an American opera composer. Many of his songs were based on his life living in the American South. His best known opera, "Susannah" (1955), is based on a story from the Biblical Apocrypha. He was born in Latta, South Carolina.

Floyd died in Tallahassee, Florida on September 30, 2021, at the age of 95.

Denain

Denain is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Bart After Dark

"Bart After Dark" is the 5th episode of "The Simpsons" 8th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 24, 1996. In the episode, Homer Simpson makes his son Bart work at a burlesque house. His wife Marge tries to get the house closed when she learns about it.

Richard Appel wrote the episode. Dominic Polcino directed it. The lady Bart works for is voiced by Tress MacNeille. The story of the episode is based on the movie "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas". The couch gag is a reference to the album cover of "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". About 8.2 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. A song from the episode won an Emmy Award, which was given to Ken Keeler and Alf Clausen. The song was later put in the album "Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons".


Ambush (1950 movie)

Ambush is a 1950 American western movie. Sam Wood directed the movie. The story comes from a serial of the same name by Luke Short. Robert Taylor, Arlene Dahl, John Hodiak, Don Taylor, Jean Hagen, Leon Ames, John McIntire acted in the movie. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer distributed it.


Ohau Channel

The Ohau Channel is a river in New Zealand that stems off from the Pacific Ocean and is a supplement to the infamous Rotorua.

Coyote Flats, Texas

Coyote Flats is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Joshua, Texas

Joshua is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh

Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh (BMUS) is a non-governmental organization headquartered in Bihar, India. It undertakes women empowerment, women-led business empowerment and community development in parts of 38 districts across Bihar. It was founded in 1995 by a group of women.

BMUS was founded in 1995 by a group of women. It was led by Pushpa Chopra. Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh is registered organization is the only apex body of Women.Now Usha Jha is leading the organisation.
Entrepreneurs for whole of Bihar. It works as a launching platform, which helps the entrepreneurs to market their products. BMUS mission is to create a strong presence for Women Entrepreneurs in Bihar by sharing knowledge base and creating marketplace for products and services offered by members.

Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh organize 5 days mela twice in a year, and provides platform to women entrepreneurs in Bihar.


Crosby, Mississippi

Crosby is a town in Amite and Wilkinson counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Woodville, Mississippi

Woodville is a town in and the county seat of Wilkinson County, Mississippi, United States.

Gloster, Mississippi

Gloster is a town in Amite County, Mississippi, United States.

Taylor, Mississippi

Taylor is a town in Lafayette County, Mississippi, United States.

Arleux

Arleux () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,199 people lived there.


Armbouts-Cappel

Armbouts-Cappel () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,240 people lived there.


Arnèke

Arnèke () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,594 people lived there.


Artres

Artres () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,051 people lived there.


Assevent

Assevent () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,821 people lived there.


Attiches

Attiches () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,263 people lived there.


Somatics

Somatics is a concept in alternative medicine where the human body and the movements relates with kinesthetic sense. Thomas Louis Hanna coined the term somatics in 1976. Soma means "the body as perceived from within". 

Aubencheul-au-Bac

Aubencheul-au-Bac () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 521 people lived there.


Auberchicourt

Auberchicourt () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 4,533 people lived there.


Fourmies

Fourmies is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Hylomantis granulosa

The granular leaf frog ("Hylomantis granulosa") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it up in as high as 700 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests. It can live in forests that grow back after they are cut down. It can live by the edges of forests. The female frog lays eggs in cracks in rocks or on low branches. The tadpoles swim in streams or ponds that dry up for part of the year.

Scientists do not think this frog is in danger of dying out, but human beings do cut down the forests where it lives to make farms, places for animals to eat grass, and towns.

Hyphy

Hyphy is a type of West Coast hip hop music and culture. Hyphy started in Oakland, California and became popular in the San Francisco Bay Area during the 2000s.

The word hyphy was first created by American rapper Keak da Sneak. Other popular hyphy artists are Mac Dre, E-40 and Mistah F.A.B.. Many people view Mac Dre as the pioneer of the hyphy movement.

Street racing, ghost riding and car stunt performances called "sideshows" are well known things in the hyphy movement.

People will also "go dumb" or "get stupid", meaning to dance and make loud noises.

Nasal cycle

The nasal cycle is the alternating partial nasal congestion and decongestion of the nose cavities. It occurs in humans and other mammals. The individual is usually not aware that it happens. 

It results in greater airflow through one nostril, and regular alternation between the nostrils. The hypothalamus selectively activates each half of the autonomic nervous system in turn. The phenomenon is quite normal.

The cilia of the congested side suspend their motility until that side decongests. The cycle means that, at any time, one side of the nose is moist, and moistens the incoming air. This is one of the three functions of the nose. The other two are the filtration and warming of fresh air before it gets to the lungs.

It is not entirely clear what the benefit is of this system.

Bread and butter

Bread and butter is a dessert that was usually made from bread and custard.

Melon Day

Melon Day is a holiday in Turkmenistan that has happened since 1994, on the second Sunday every August. It celebrates the Turkmenbashi melon (named after the country's first president's preferred name), a crossbreed muskmelon. Its smell, taste and big size are praised. In the capital of Ashgabat, there are a big display of all versions of the fruit and dance and music events.
In 2004, Saparmurat Niyazov told farmers "Almighty God has turned Turkmen soil into a fertile source of an abundance of the tastiest fruits. Among them are Turkmen melons, which are the result of farmers' hard work and which have a unique taste reminiscent of the fruit of paradise." Newspapers say he has said "The Turkmen melon is the source of our pride. Its taste has no equals in the world, the smell makes your head spin."

Melon Day is one of the 24 public holidays in Turkmenistan. Normal titles for these include Drop of Water is a Grain of Gold Festival, Festival of the Poetry of Magtymguli, Good Neighborliness Day, Racing Horse Day, and Carpet Day.



Maryna Zolatava

Maryna Zolatava (, ) (born on November 6, 1977, in Minsk, Belarus) is a journalist and political prisoner from Belarus. In 2004 she became the main editor of TUT.BY. Nasha Niva named her the person of the year in 2018.

She was born in Minsk in 1977. She has had two graduations. One graduation was at the Belarusian State University. Zolatava got a diploma in the field of philology there. The second graduation was in relation to postgraduate education. She got her learning done at the Institute of Linguistics of the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus. She speaks Bulgarian as a third language.

She worked at the Institute of Science Problems and the news agency BelaPAN. She came to work for TUT.BY in the spring of 2004. She became the main editor of the website in the same year. 

On August 7, 2018, the TUT.BY office was looked for. Zolatava got locked up after that. The police said that people were getting news from the Belarusian Telegraph Agency (government-run organization that makes news in Belarus) without money for its subscription. She was charged under Part 2 of Article 425 of the Criminal Code of the Republic of Belarus (inaction of a key person). On March 4, 2019, Minsk Zavodskoy District Court found Zolatava guilty. She was sentenced to pay a fine in 300 basic units. The organizations of the European Union (the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini, the Council of Europe, the Foreign Office of Germany and others), the representative of the United Nations on Belarus Miklós Haraszti, the United States, and international human rights organizations said bad words on the "BelTA case."

She was arrested on May 18, 2021. Other employees of TUT.BY were arrested with her too. A criminal procedure was opened against all of them. Her indictment is collaboration in tax evasion.

On May 25, 2021, nine organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a statement together. They named her a political prisoner. On September 14, 2021, support for the political prisoner was undertaken by Alois Rainer, member of the German Bundestag.

In March 2023, Zolotova was sentenced to 12 years in a general regime penal colony.


The widow of Yuri Zisser (the person who made the web portal TUT.BY) Yulia Charnyauskaya named Zolotova “the mother of TUT.BY.”

She is married, has a daughter Nadzieja and a son Fyodar.


Public holidays in Turkmenistan

The Constitution of Turkmenistan says what public holidays in Turkmenistan there are.






Bonney Lake, Washington

Bonney Lake is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Buckley, Washington

Buckley is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

DuPont, Washington

DuPont is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Bentonia, Mississippi

Bentonia is a small town in Yazoo County, Mississippi, United States.

Ptahhotep

Ptahhotep sometimes known as Ptahhotep I or Ptahhotpe, was an ancient Egyptian who served his pharaoh during the late 25th century BC in Egypt's history. 

He wrote "The Maxims of Ptahhotep", an early piece of Egyptian "wisdom literature" meant to instruct young men.



2 States (2014 movie)

2 States is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film based on Chetan Bhagat's 2009 novel "" and written by Abhishek Varman and Bhagat. Directed by Varman in his directorial debut, the film was jointly produced by Karan Johar and Sajid Nadiadwala. It stars Arjun Kapoor and Alia Bhatt in lead roles and Ronit Roy, Revathi, Amrita Singh and Shiv Kumar Subramaniam in supporting roles.

It was released on 18 April 2014 to positive reviews and became a huge critical and commercial success. Everyone loved the music, cast performances, story and direction, and as a result, the film earned in worldwide markets. 

Sara Innamorato

Sara G. Innamorato (born April 1986, Ross Township, Pennsylvania) is an American politician. In 2018, Innamorato was elected into the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. From January 2019 on she was the Representative from the House of Representatives' 21st district. She is a member of the United States' Democratic Party

Before starting politics, Innamorato began Innamo Company (a privately held and marketing company that has focus on "social good"). She then co-founded She Runs SWPA. That organization was not connected with any political party. She Runs SWPA wants women and girls to run for any office related to politics and federal government.


Innamorato was a member of the United States' Democratic Socialists of America. She won the Democratic Party's nomination. She defeated the incumbent Don Costa in the 2018 primary election while having just over 64% of the vote.

Innamorato was unopposed in the 2018 general election. She later said: "My district, which I know is like white working class, poor folk, who are racist, because it’s so much easier for them to look to their side and say, ‘I’m going to blame that person.'" The Costa campaign head Gary Britcher then said that Innamorato had called the district "racist". Innamorato's point was that white working class voters "are being exploited from all sides" by economic and political elites who play on racial tensions to distract them from issues of economic injustice. "Racism exists everywhere," she said. "My job is to represent everyone, and to not shy away from tough conversations."

Innamorato got almost 85% of the vote in the general election.

Innamorato's opponent was Stephen Zappala III for the Democratic Party nomination. He is the son of the Allegheny County District Attorney. He quietly withdrew his campaign the next month. Innamorato was unopposed on the ballot for the Democratic Party nomination.

The Dream Team (movie)

The Dream Team is a 1989 American comedy-drama movie directed by Howard Zieff and starring Michael Keaton, Christopher Lloyd, Peter Boyle, Stephen Furst, Lorraine Bracco, Milo O'Shea, Larry Pine, Jack Duffy, Philip Bosco, Michael Lembeck, Lizabeth MacKay and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Second Fiddle (1957 movie)

Second Fiddle is a 1957 British comedy movie directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Adrienne Corri, Thorley Walters, Lisa Gastoni, Richard Wattis, Bill Fraser, Brian Nissen, Jill Melford, Johnny Briggs, Frederick Piper.

Shaka era

This calendar was started by King Shalivahana in 78 A.D. It was also known as Shaka era as it was the tribe that Shalivahana was in. Historians are confused of whether or not Shalivahana was Shaka himself or conquered Shaka. The Shaka calendar is both solar and lunar with the lunar month having the same number of months as the Vikram era. It begins on 22 March every year except in the Gregorian leap year which start on 21 March. The number of days in the Shaka era is 365.
Undercover Doctor

Undercover Doctor is a 1939 American crime movie directed by Louis King and starring Lloyd Nolan, Janice Logan, J. Carrol Naish, Heather Angel, Broderick Crawford, Stanley Price, Richard Carle, Raymond Hatton, John Eldredge, George Meeker, Paul Fix, Richard Denning. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Phrynomedusa appendiculata

The Santa Catarina leaf frog or Lutz's Phyllomedusa ("Phrynomedusa appendiculata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Scientists last saw this frog in 2012 in a park called the Parque Estadual Nascentes do Paranapanema. Scientists believe this frog is in big danger of dying out. They may all be dead now. Scientists believe that some frogs may still be alive in Serra do Mar, where there are forests in protected parks. Scientists believe the frogs died because of sickness and dirty air and humans changing the forests where they lived from coal mining. Scientists are worried that people will try to catch these frogs to sell as pets because the frog is so colorful and rare and because many other frogs in "Phrynomedusa" are sold as pets, but the scientists are not sure if it is happening now.

This frog needs healthy rainforest where the tree branches come together like a roof. The frog sits on smaller plants. The female frog lays her eggs on leaves over water. The tadpoles fall into the water when they hatch. Scientists have seen the frogs laying eggs in ponds where the water looks black.

Cedar Point, Kansas

Cedar Point is a city in Chase County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 22 people lived there. It is about 5 miles east of Florence and 0.5 miles south of U.S. Route 50 highway.

In 1862, Cedar Point was created. The first post office in Cedar Point was created in 1862.

In 1867, a log dam was built across the Cottonwood River. A wooden-frame mill was built for sawing lumber. In 1868, it was changeded to grind flour. People named it Cedar Point Mill. In 1870, the name was changed to Drinkwater & Schriver Mill. In 1871, the current stone structure started being built. It finished in 1875. In 1884, the log dam was replaced by a stone dam.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad east-west and built a nearby station named Cedar Grove in the valley north of Cedar Point. In 1996, it merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway. Most locals still call this railroad as the "Santa Fe".

Cedar Point is at (38.260888, -96.821662), in the Flint Hills of the Great Plains. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of , all of it land.

Cedar Point has two places on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).

Cedar Point is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says there were 22 people living in Cedar Point. The population density was . There were 20 housing units at an average density of . 96.4% of the people were White and 3.6% of people were of two or more races.

There were 6 households, of which 50.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 33.3% were married couples living together, 33.3% were unmarried couples living together, and 33.3% had a female householder with no husband present. 16.7% of the households were one person living alone. The average household size was 3.67.

The median age in Cedar Point was 26.0 years. 31.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 18.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 9.1% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 years of age or older. 59.1% of the people were male, and 40.9% of the people were female.

The 2010 census says there were 28 people, 13 households, and 5 families living in Cedar Point. The population density was . There were 25 housing units at an average density of . 96.4% of the people were White and 3.6% of people were of two or more races.

There were 13 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 30.8% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 61.5% were not families. 46.2% of all households were made up of individuals, and 38.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.15 and the average family size was 3.60.

The median age in Cedar Point was 51.5 years. 28.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 10.7% were from 25 to 44; 32% were from 45 to 64; and 28.6% were 65 years of age or older. 53.6% of the people were male, and 46.4% of the people were female.

The Cedar Point government has a mayor and three council members. The council meets once per month.

Chase County USD 284 serves Cedar Point as the public school district. It has two schools.

Cedar Point schools were closed through school unification. The Cedar Point High School mascot was Cedar Point Bronchos.


U.S. Route 50 highway and BNSF Railway passes east-west near the city.




Elmdale, Kansas

Elmdale is a city in Chase County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 40 people lived there. It is along the U.S. Route 50 highway.

In 1854, the Kansas Territory was created. In 1861, Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1859, Chase County was created within the Kansas Territory, which included the land for Elmdale.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad east-west through Elmdale. In 1996, it merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway. Most locals still call this railroad as the "Santa Fe".

In 1873, a post office was moved from Middle Creek (an extinct town), to the rail community of Elmdale.

Elmdale was incorporated in 1904.

In 1916, Camp Wood YMCA was built about 1.5 miles south of Elmdale.

There have been many floods during the history of Elmdale. In June and July 1951, due to heavy rains, rivers and streams flooded many cities in Kansas, including Elmdale. Many reservoirs and levees were built in Kansas as part of a response to the Great Flood of 1951. A levy was built and saved the town from many floods, but in 1998 a flood went over the levy.

In 1967, the high school closed, then later the grade school. All students currently go to school in Cottonwood Falls.

Elmdale is at (38.372965, -96.645988), in the Flint Hills of the Great Plains. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The Cottonwood River is about 0.5 miles east of the city.

The climate has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system shows Elmdale has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Elmdale has one building on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).

Elmdale is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census shows that there were 40 people living in Elmdale. The population density was . There were 18 housing units at an average density of . The people were 82.5% White, 5.0% Native American, 2.5% African American, and 10.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.5% of the people.

There were 11 households, of which 36.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.5% were married couples living together, 36.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 9.1% had a male householder with no wife present. 18.2% of all households had only one person, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.64.

The median age in the city was 26.5 years. 42.5% of residents were under the age of 18; 5.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.0% were from 25 to 44; 27.5% were from 45 to 64; and 5.0% were 65 years of age or older. The people were 50% male and 50% female.

The 2010 census shows that there were 55 people, 23 households, and 11 families living in Elmdale. The population density was . There were 27 housing units at an average density of . The people were 96.4% White and 3.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.1% of the people.

There were 23 households, of which 26.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.1% were married couples living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.3% had a male householder with no wife present, and 52.2% were non-families. 43.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 3.09.

The median age in the city was 45.3 years. 23.6% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 16.3% were from 25 to 44; 38.2% were from 45 to 64; and 12.7% were 65 years of age or older. The people were 56.4% male and 43.6% female.

The Elmdale government has a mayor and five council members. The council meets the 1st Monday of each month at 7PM.

The community is served by Chase County USD 284 public school district. It has two schools.

The Elmdale Cougars won the Kansas State High School class B baseball championship in 1961.

U.S. Route 50 highway and BNSF Railway goes through the city.




Climax, Kansas

Climax is a city in Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 45 people lived there.

Climax was created in 1884. It was named after its elevation, or Climax College in Kalamazoo, Michigan.

Climax is at (37.720155, -96.223888). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 45 people, 21 households, and 16 families living in Climax. Of the people, 95.6% were White, 2.2% were Black, and 2.2% were from two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The median age in the city was 50.5 years.

The 2010 census shows that there were 72 people, 28 households, and 23 families living in Climax. The population density was . There were 39 housing units at an average density of . The people were 98.6% White and 1.4% from two or more races.

There were 28 households, of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.4% were married couples living together, 3.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 17.9% were non-families. 14.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.87.

The median age in the city was 48.5 years. 25% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.5% were from 25 to 44; 23.6% were from 45 to 64; and 31.9% were 65 years of age or older. The people were 47.2% male and 52.8% female.

The community is served by Eureka USD 389 public school district.

Climax High School was closed through school unification. The Climax High School mascot was Bulldogs.



Colwich, Kansas

Colwich is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. It is northwest of Wichita. In 2020, 1,455 people lived in Colwich.

Colwich was created in 1887. The name is a portmanteau of Colorado and Wichita, or the Colorado & Wichita Railroad.

Colwich is at (37.780480, -97.540420). It is northwest of Wichita and centered around the intersection of 53rd St North and 167th St West. The United States Census Bureau shows that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Colwich is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,455 people, 535 households, and 404 families living in Colwich. Of the households, 75.1% owned their home and 24.9% rented their home.

The median age was 33.9 years. Of the people, 93.7% were White, 0.9% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 0.5% were from some other race, and 4.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.4% of the people.

The 2010 census shows that there were 1,327 people, 466 households, and 348 families living in Colwich. The population density was . There were 480 housing units at an average density of . The people were 97.4% White, 0.2% African American, 0.5% Native American, 1.1% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the population.

There were 466 households, of which 44.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.7% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 25.3% were non-families. 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the city was 32.7 years. 34.3% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.7% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 25.9% were from 25 to 44; 21.1% were from 45 to 64; and 11.1% were 65 years of age or older. The people were 50.1% male and 49.9% female.

The community is served by Renwick USD 267 public school district.


Coyville, Kansas

Coyville is a city in Wilson County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 60 people lived there.

Coyville was planned out in 1886 when the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway was extended to that point. The town was named after Oscar Coy, a store owner who in 1866 served as the first postmaster.

Coyville is at (37.685436, -95.897147). The United States Census Bureau shows that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.
The climate in this area has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system shows that Coyville has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 60 people, 24 households, and 17 families living in Coyville. Of the households, 87.5% owned their home and 12.5% rented their home.

The median age was 59.0 years. Of the people, 90.0% were White and 10.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census shows that there were 46 people, 26 households, and 8 families living in Coyville. The population density was . There were 34 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 80.4% White, 2.2% Native American, 8.7% from other races, and 8.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 26 households, of which 19.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 26.9% were married couples living together, 3.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 69.2% were non-families. 65.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 23.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.77 and the average family size was 3.38.

The median age in the city was 49.6 years. 23.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 8.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 6.6% were from 25 to 44; 43.5% were from 45 to 64; and 17.4% were 65 years of age or older. The people were 45.7% male and 54.3% female.



Cottonwood River

Cottonwood River is one of the main tributaries of the Neosho River in central Kansas of the United States.

The river starts near the west line of Marion County as two tributaries: the North Cottonwood River and the South Cottonwood River. They both start within 2 miles of each other, and they start within a few miles northwest of Lehigh.

The North Cottonwood starts near the west line of Marion County. It crosses into McPherson County and is parallel to the county line northward for 5 miles. Then, crosses back into Marion County. It goes through Durham, then into the Marion Reservoir.

The South Cottonwood also starts near the west line of Marion County. It goes southward about 1 mile west of Lehigh. Then it flows eastward about 2 miles south of Hillsboro, then northeast towards the lower side of the Marion Reservoir.

The North and South Cottonwood join about 1 mile southeast of the Marion Reservoir to become the North Fork Cottonwood River. Then, it goes through the city of Marion. The river goes southeast to Florence, then eastward towards Chase County. In Chase County, it goes northeast through Cedar Point then near Clements and Elmdale. It then flows eastward through Strong City, Cottonwood Falls.

The South Fork Cottonwood River starts south of Matfield Green, then flows northward along the east side of Matfield Green and Bazaar. It combines with the North Fork Cottonwood River about 3 miles east of Cottonwood Falls. Then, it goes eastward near Saffordville and across into Lyon County near Plymouth, Kansas, then along the south edge of Emporia. It goes into the Neosho River about 5 miles east of Emporia.

In 1806, Zebulon Pike led the Pike Expedition westward from St Louis, Missouri. Part of their journey followed the Cottonwood River through Marion County near the current towns of Florence, Marion, Durham.



These lakes are in the Cottonwood River drainage basin:

These bridges over the Cottonwood River are on the National Register of Historic Places list:



Huaycán

Huaycán is a town of Lima, Peru, located in Ate District. Huaycán is also a notable archaeological site. 

It has a population of over 160,000 inhabitants.

Nonlinear system

In mathematics and science, a nonlinear system is a system, where the change of the output is not proportional to the change of the input. In nature, most systems are non-linear. 

Nonlinear problems are interesting to engineers, biologists, physicists, mathematicians, and many other scientists. In nature, most systems are nonlinear. Nonlinear dynamical systems, describe changes in variables over time. Such systems may appear chaotic, unpredictable, or counterintuitive. Linear systems are much simpler.

A nonlinear system of equations is used to mathematically describe a nonlinear system. This is set of equations in which the unknowns (or the unknown functions in the case of differential equations) appear as variables of a polynomial of degree higher than one or in the argument of a function which is not a polynomial of degree one. In other words, in a nonlinear system of equations, the equation(s) to be solved cannot be written as a linear combination of the unknown variables or functions that appear in them. Systems can be defined as nonlinear, regardless of whether known linear functions appear in the equations. In particular, a differential equation is "linear" if it is linear in terms of the unknown function and its derivatives, even if nonlinear in terms of the other variables appearing in it.

Nonlinear dynamical equations are difficult to solve. For this reason, they are commonly approximated using linear equations. If only limited accuracy or a range of the input values is required, this works well. The problem is that it hides interesting phenomena such as solitons, chaos, and singularities. 

Although such chaotic behavior may appear random, it is in fact not random. For example, some aspects of the weather are seen to be chaotic, where simple changes in one part of the system produce complex effects throughout. This nonlinearity is one of the reasons why accurate long-term forecasts are impossible with current technology.

Some authors use the term nonlinear science for the study of nonlinear systems. This term is disputed by others:

Discovery Kids (Latin American TV channel)

Discovery Kids (stylized as DK) is a Latin American pay television channel. It is owned by Discovery, Inc. The channel is headquartered in Miami, Florida. It started as a programming block on the Latin American version of Discovery Channel.

The channel is divided into six live feeds: Pan-regional, Colombia, Southern, Chile, Mexico and Brazil. Each feed has their own HD feeds. Until 2019, the channel had an HD version with a different schedule broadcasting to all Latin America. The network is also available in the Caribbean and Puerto Rico.









Marion Zimmer Bradley

Marion Zimmer Bradley was an American author of science fiction, fantasy and science fantasy. She was born in Albany, New York on June 3, 1930. Her parents were Leslie Raymond Zimmer, a carpenter and Evelyn Zimmer, a historian. They were not a financially secure family. They had financial problems because they lived during the Great Depression of the 1930s.

As a child, Bradley liked reading. She wrote science fiction and fantasy stories which were published in her school. Her goal was still to become an opera singer. Over time her works and participation in speculative fiction brought her recognition as a writer.

Bradley is most famous for her novel "The Mists of Avalon" and her "Darkover" novels.


Q (Star Trek)

Q is the name of a fictional character from "Star Trek". It is also the name of his race. Q appears in "", "", "", and "" and in related media. John de Lancie plays the Q character. He is an extra-dimensional being. The human characters do not know how he came to exist. He has power over time, space, the laws of physics, and reality itself. He is capable of changing reality and even the past when he wants to. Q only sometimes uses contractions in his speech.

Star Trek uses the name "Q" for the names of all the individuals from the Q species. All male and female Q characters refer to each other as "Q." They also call their whole race "Q" and call their home "the Q Continuum" – an alternate dimension accessible to only the Q and people they choose to bring there. The true nature of the realm is said to be beyond the comprehension of "lesser beings" such as humans. When humans go there, they see it in ways they can understand; e.g., a run-down gas station in the "middle of nowhere."

Beginning with the pilot episode "Encounter at Farpoint" of "", Q became a recurring character. Most of his scenes are both dramatic and funny. He enjoys annoying Jean-Luc Picard, the serious human captain of the Enterprise D. He serves as a major antihero throughout "The Next Generation". He is an important part of both the first and last episodes of the show. Q is first presented as a cosmic force judging humanity to see if it is becoming a threat to the universe. However, as the series continues, his role morphs more into one of a teacher to Picard and the human race generally, although he often does this in ways that seem destructive or disruptive or meant for his own fun. Other times, notably during "Deja Q" and "Voyager", Q appears to the crew seeking assistance. For example, one time all the other Q turned Q human as a punishment.

Gene Roddenberry chose the letter "Q" in honor of his friend Janet Quarton.

Louis Hasley

Louis Leonard Hasley (November 3, 1906 – May 1986) was an American writer, poet, essayist, editor, and critic. He was also a professor of English at the University of Notre Dame from 1931 to 1973. He was married to Lucile Hasley, who was also a writer.


Fred Hasley

Fred J. Hasley (December 5, 1884 – April 4, 1939) was an American typesetter from Milwaukee. He served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.

Hasley was born in Milwaukee on December 5, 1884. He was educated in the Milwaukee Public Schools and he graduated in 1900. He went into the printer's trade. He became a member of the Typographical Union Local 23 in 1904. Hasley was elected to the Assembly in 1920.

Hasley

Hasley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Fruit preserves

Fruit preserves is the name of specially prepared fruit, where sugar, and sometimes acid, is used to make the fruit last longer. They are often used as a spread.

Sugar is used to preserve sweet fruits, but vinegar is used for savoury items. Fruit preserves have been used for a long time, since before refrigeration, to make food last longer.

Common examples of fruit preserves are jams, jellies, and marmalade.

There are many ways to make fruit preserves. Normally, chopped fruit is boiled with sugar and water. After the mixture gets hot enough, it will become firm after it cools down.

The preserves are poured into glass jars when they are still hot. After they cool down, a vacuum forms in the jar. This keeps the food fresh for a long time.

Phrynomedusa bokermanni

The Bokermann's leaf frog ("Phrynomedusa bokermanni") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Scientists only found one of these frogs. They found it in 1978.

1953 North Sea flood

On 31 January and 1 February 1953, large parts of the Netherlands, Belgium and the United Kingdom were flooded because of a storm. Over 2,500 people were killed.

Lars Vilks

Lars Vilks (20 June 1946 – 3 October 2021) was a Swedish artist. He was best known for his mock drawings of the prophet Mohammed. Vilks was born in Helsingborg, Sweden.

Vilks died in a car accident on 3 October 2021 in Markaryd, Sweden at the age of 75.

Erin Burnett OutFront

Erin Burnett OutFront is a television news show on CNN. It is hosted by Erin Burnett. It started on October 3, 2011. It took over the time slot to replace "John King, USA".

The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson

The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson was an American late-night talk show. It was hosted by Craig Ferguson. It was on CBS. The show was on the air from 2005-2014.

Southern Illinois

Southern Illinois, also called Little Egypt, refers to the southern third of Illinois. There is controversy over where the southern region of the state officially begins. Lots of people say Southern Illinois starts from Springfield and southward. A number of others Carbondale north to Springfield don't lay claim to that region of Illinois as being that of Southern Illinois, though. Illinois is in the Midwestern United States. But Southern Illinois has been called far more typical for the Upland South, similar to nearby Kentucky, Missouri and Tennessee, rather than the Midwest. Locals (Illinois' people) from certain small towns have been part of a movement to completely expel/remove Chicago from the state so a commonwealth can be set up with similar politics to Missouri, Kentucky and Indiana. These small Illinois towns include Athens, Mount Vernon, Urbana and Effingham. The movement is called New Illinois. Under the movement, Southern and Downstate Illinois would be entirely separated from Chicago. The large city would become the 51st state in the United States.

There are lots of cities or towns with a large number of people in Southern Illinois. These include, dependent on references and views of the population of the area and those outside: Springfield, Alton, O'Fallon, Collinsville, Carbondale, Cairo and Mount Vernon. The region also involves St. Louis and Cape Girardeau (both in Missouri), Memphis and Nashville (both in Tennessee), and Evansville, Indiana.

Southern Illinois was covered by the Shawnee National Forest. The area also contains hilly landscape.

The Southern Illinois area has almost 1.2 million people. Most of them live near/in rural settings that are in farm areas. Others, however, live in/near Carbondale–Marion, the Illinois region of the St. Louis metro area, in the Urbana–Champaign region and in/near the Springfield area.

The area of Southern Illinois with the most of all people is the Illinois side of Greater St. Louis. Noted areas are Cahokia Mounds, the American Bottom and East St. Louis. The last mentioned area has had a very rough history involving industrialization, labor, immigration and the struggle for equal rights.


Counties
Principal cities
City populations
Located on the Wabash River, East-Central Southern Illinois is noted by the town of Salem, the birthplace of William Jennings Bryan, the G. I. Bill of Rights and Miracle Whip salad dressing.


Counties
Principal cities
City populations

Chester, Illinois, over West-Central and Southern Illinois is usually called the "Home of Popeye". Several of the influences for the characters were seen there. Kaskaskia, the first state capital of Illinois is set located near the Mississippi River. This area also has the ending point of the Kaskaskia River near the Fort Kaskaskia State Historic Site. Rend Lake is in this area.

Counties
Principal cities
City populations
Set in the western area of the Cache River, Southwest Illinois has the second most people across the region. This area's best-known higher education setting is the main campus of the Southern Illinois University in Carbondale. The university won the 1971 All-America City Award. It was later a finalist in the 2009 contest, and the fastest growing city in Southern Illinois outside the Metro East, Marion, Illinois. Both cities are in the Carbondale-Marion-Herrin, Illinois Combined Statistical Area, home to 123,272 local people. In the southern area of the region Alto Pass and Bald Knob Cross are right near the orchards. The large Crab Orchard lake is the largest in the region. Historic Cairo sits at the far southern end near the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers.

Counties
Principal cities
City populations
Southern Illinois happens being on the border between humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfa") and humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa"). The area doesn't have any large mountains or large bodies of water to moderate its temperature. That means Southern Illinois areas are prone to both cold Arctic air and hot, humid tropical air from the Gulf of Mexico. Along with the rest of the Midwestern United States, such areas are home to some of the largest temperature extremes in the world. The Southern Illinois area has four distinct seasons. Spring is the wettest season. It has uneven severe weather. This involves severe thunderstorms, tornadoes or winter storms. Summers are hot and humid. This season only has occasional and brief rest. Humidity often makes the heat index rise to temperatures feeling well above . Fall is mild with lower humidity. It can, however, make irregular bouts of heavy rainfall with the first snow flurries. This usually happens during late November. Winters are cold with periodic snow. During this season, temperatures often below freezing. Thaws are usually frequent. Winter storm systems, in particular the Alberta clippers and Panhandle hooks, often bring days of heavy freezing rain, ice pellets and snowfall.

The normal high temperature in July is 90 °F (32 °C). The normal low temperature in January is 21 °F (−6 °C). This, though, varies between one year and another. Both and temperatures can be seen on an average 2 or 3 days per year. The official record low is on February 2, 1884 in Harrisburg. The region's record high is on July 14, 1954 in East St. Louis.

Southern Illinois has thunderstorms about 50 days a year on average. Thunderstorms add to just over half of the area's overall precipitation. Mainly in the spring, these storms will often be severe, with high winds, large hail and tornadoes. Southern Illinois has been affected on more than one occasion by Southern Illinois tornado history|very damaging tornadoes.

A period of warm weather late in autumn known as the Indian summer will sometimes occur. Roses may still bloom as late as November or early December during some years.

Southern Illinois was historically a conservative and Democratic region. Though the political parties have changed, Southern Illinois has almost always voted for Democratic candidates more times than not since 1818. Democratic roots in Southern Illinois relate to the area's shared cultures with the South. The latter United States area was where the Democratic Party, before the American Civil War and after Reconstruction, was the ruling party before the 1960s. Democratic affiliations were tightened in the Great Depression and Franklin D. Roosevelt's administration. There are, however, some long-time Republican counties in the region. The most well-known is Edwards County.

But in the last few decades, Southern Illinois has trended GOP due to the national support for them across rural areas. Northern Illinois has trended towards Democrats due to lots of that area's people leaving from in and near the Democratic-leaning Cook County and nearby counties. Democratic candidates were fierce in the counties across Southern Illinois until around 1996. Beginning from the presidential election of 2000 on, Democratic officials weren't doing well like expected across Southern Illinois even if they had won almost very constantly.

In the early months of the Civil War, several local people in Williamson County voted for secession from the Union. On April 15, 1861, the citizens of Marion made a promise calling for the division of Illinois and the secession of Southern Illinois. The promise was soon rescinded meaning canceled). The General Benjamin Prentiss, however, left a company of men near Marion for defense as he passed by on his way to a garrison in Cairo. Despite some southern sympathizers, most young men in the region joined the Union Army.

List of Japanese animation studios

This is a list of Japanese animation studios.













Noitamin A













Edgewood, Washington

Edgewood is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Fife, Washington

Fife is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Fircrest, Washington

Fircrest is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

D-Day the Sixth of June

D-Day the Sixth of June is a 1956 American World War II romance movie directed by Henry Koster and was based on the 1955 novel "The Sixth of June" by Lionel Shapiro. It stars Robert Taylor, Richard Todd, Dana Wynter, Edmund O'Brien, Robert Gist, Richard Stapley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Li (unit)

Li () is a Chinese unit of length. It is often used when talking about distance.

The Power and the Prize

The Power and the Prize is a 1956 American drama movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Robert Taylor, Burl Ives, Mary Astor, Cedric Hardwicke, Charles Coburn, Elisabeth Muller. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1957.

Claudio Detto

Claudio Detto (born 28 August 1950 in Milan) is an Italian painter of contemporary art.

Born in Milan on August 28, 1950, led towards free drawing from an early age, he grew up as a self-taught painter, made his debut in the mid-70s with pictorial tributes dedicated to the great masters of the 20th century, such as Giorgio Morandi, Amedeo Modigliani and Giorgio De Chirico. In the 90's, he also paints and collects works by important italian artists. He comes to informal art after experimenting with different, more figurative painting styles and after freeing himself from any stylistic scheme or cage, he changes the link with a defined image, he moves on to informal painting. It expresses an apparently instinctive painting, in continuous research.



Schneider Electric

Schneider Electric is a multinational company based in France. It works in energy and automation industries in more than 100 countries.

The company was founded in 1836 as "Schneider & Cie". It has been renamed as Schneider Electric in May 1999.

In 2021, it was called the most sustainable company in the world by Corporate Knights.

The Fighting Kentuckian

The Fighting Kentuckian is a 1949 American western movie directed by George Waggner and starring John Wayne, Oliver Hardy, Vera Ralston, Philip Dorn, Marie Windsor, Hugo Haas, Paul Fix, Grant Withers, Mae Marsh, Jack Pennick. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Fred Hale

Frederick "Fred" Harold Hale (December 1, 1890 – November 19, 2004) was an American supercentenarian, beekeeper and railway post officer, and at the time of his death the oldest living man.

Both of his parents lived to age 91 and his youngest son, Fred Hale Sr, to age 97. He married Flora Mooers, who died in 1979, in 1910, and had two daughters, Muriel (1910–1970) and Carrie (1913–1992) and three sons, Robert (1916–1918) who died in the Spanish flu, Norman (born 1920) and Fred (born 1921). At the time of his death, Hale also had nine grandchildren, nine great-grandchildren and eleven great-great-grandchildren.

At age 95, Hale surfed for the first time in his life in Hawaii during a stop there on the journey back from Japan where he visited his grandson.

At age 100, he traveled to Europe along with his son Norman and his daughter-in-law, to visit Norman's location of military service during World War II.

At age 108, Hale was recognized by Guinness World Records as the oldest person ever with a driving license, and he believed "bee pollen and honey every day, along with the occasional nip of whiskey" as the secret to a long life.

He became the oldest living American man and the third oldest living man in the world (behind Japaneseman Yukichi Chuganji and Joan Riudavets) on February 24, 2003 when 113-year-old John McMorran died of heart failure and over a year later, on March 5, 2004, after 114-year-old Spaniard Joan Riudavets' death, also the oldest man in the world as well as the last living man born before the tenth and last decade of the 19th century (1891–1900).

Hale died of pneumonia on November 19, 2004, just twelve days before his 114th birthday and before his son Norman (who died at age 84 on December 30, 2004).

Phrynomedusa fimbriata

The spiny-knee leaf frog ("Phrynomedusa fimbriata") is an extinct frog that lived in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Paranapiacaba. It was last seen in the early 20th century. People saw it about 1000 meters above sea level.

Scientists believe that these frogs are dead because they have not seen any since the 1950s. They think the frog probably lived in trees and laid its eggs in streams, but they are not sure. Scientists think this frog died because of a few things: air pollution from factories in Cubatão and a fungus called "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis". This is because the fungus can kill the frog "Phrynomedusa dryade".

Decametre

A decametre (International spelling) (American spelling dekameter or decameter) is a unit of length equal to ten metres. Its symbol is the dam.

A decametre is not used very often. It is sometimes used to measure heights in meteorology, while a "cubic decametre" is sometimes used for describing the volumes of rivers and lakes.

Elpistostegalia

Elpistostegalia, also known as Panderichthyida, is a type of prehistoric fish which lived about 385 to 374 million years ago. 

A rise in the world's oxygen content caused predatory fish to evolve, and this fish was the most successful.

Below is a description of their evolutionary family tree.

Office chair

An office chair is a chair and furniture that is used in office buildings and homes. The office chair has 6 legs and can move around. an office chair can also be called a desk chair. You are able to change the height of the chair.

They are made with leather, fabric, plastic, and/or more. They can come in colors like black, white, brown, blue, red, and more. Some office chairs offer head support. Ones that do not are called task chairs. They become not comfortable after a few hours. Expensive, or executive chairs can be sat in for many hours at a time. They also offer head support.

International Consortium of Investigative Journalists

The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) is an independent international organization of more than 200 investigative journalists and 100 media organizations in over 70 countries. It was created in 1997 by the Center for Public Integrity in Washington, D.C., United States.

Pandora Papers

The Pandora Papers are 11.9 million leaked documents that were published by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) beginning on 3 October 2021. The leak showed financial deals of world leaders. Many leaders and billionaires were exposed over the offshore accounts in Panama, Switzerland and the UAE. This leak was bigger than the Panama Papers in 2016, which had 11.5 million confidential documents.

The size of the data, is 2.9 terabytes.

WHTZ

WHTZ is a Top-40/CHR radio station in New York City that broadcasts to the New York metropolitan area.

Daimaou Kosaka

, better known by his stage names and , is a Japanese comedian, television personality and entertainer. He is best known for his single "PPAP (Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen)".

Ardem Patapoutian

Ardem Patapoutian (; born 1967) is an Armenian-American molecular biologist and neuroscientist. He is known for his works about PIEZO1, PIEZO2, and TRPM8 receptors. He is a professor at Scripps Research in La Jolla, California. 

Patapoutian won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2021 with David Julius.


David Julius

David Julius (born November 4, 1955) is an American physiologist. He is known for his work on molecular mechanisms of pain sensation and heat. He is a professor at the University of California, San Francisco.

Julius won the 2010 Shaw Prize in Life Science and Medicine and the 2020 Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences. He also won the 2021 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Ardem Patapoutian.


Earle Wells

Earle Leonard Wells (27 October 1933 – 1 October 2021) was a New Zealand Olympic gold medalist. He competed in yachting. Wells won the Flying Dutchman class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

Wells was born in Auckland. He died on 1 October 2021, at the age of 87.

Ioannis Palaiokrassas

Ioannis Palaiokrassas (; 27 March 1934 – 2 October 2021) was a Greek politician. He was a Minister for Finance and a European Commissioner from 1993 until 1994.

Palaiokrassas died on 2 October 2021 at the age of 85.

Granma (newspaper)

Granma is the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party. It was formed in 1965. Publication of the newspaper began in February of 1966. Its name comes from the yacht "Granma" that carried Fidel Castro during the Cuban Revolution. 

Kitab al-Futuh

Kitab al-Futūh () is an important hadith and akhbari collection, compiled by Sayf ibn Umar. It is al-Tabari's main source for the Ridda wars and the early Muslim conquests. It also contains important information on the structure of early Muslim armies and government.

Currently, a facsimile edition of the fragments preserved in the Al-Imam University in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

The Arabic word "Kitab" (), literally means 'book' or 'revelation'. It is derived from the Semitic root K-T-B () which is related to writing. The Arabic definite article "al-" usually means 'of' or 'the'. Futuh () is the plural noun of the Arabic word "Fatah (") which means 'conquest'.

Sayf ibn Umar, the compiler of the book, was from Kufa and lived in Baghdad. He traveled throughout Iraq during the rule of the Abbasid Caliphate.

The book primarily discuss the early Muslim conquests and wars. It also features information about the assassination of the third caliph Uthman. Abdullah ibn Saba and his followers are mentioned in the book as well. The work also contains a brief account, on the authority of Ibn Abbas, of the way in which Paul corrupted Christian doctrines by persuading three of his followers, Yaqūb, Nasṭūr and Malkūn, of the divinity of Īsā (Jesus).

Sayf ibn Umar is considered reliable. W. F. Tucker and Ella Landau-Tasseron note that although Sayf may have been an unscrupulous hadith collector, this should not detract from his general reliability as a transmitter of historical information (akhbārī). Tucker adds that accusations of bias could equally be leveled at other akhbārīs contemporary to Sayf, including the Shi'a historian Abu Mikhnaf. Fuat Sezgin, Albrecht Noth, and Martin Hinds have also challenged Wellhausen's views and placed Sayf on an equal footing with other traditionalists. Linda D. Lau and A. R. Armush also regard Sayf ibn Umar as reliable and accept his accounts and the role of the Saba'iyya at the Battle of the Camel.

Renán Fuentealba Moena

Tulio Renán Fuentealba Moena (19 April 1917 – 1 October 2021) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was born in Talcahuano, Chile. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1957 until 1965. He was also President of Christian Democratic Party between 1961 until 1965 and again from 1972 until 1973. Fuentealba Moena was a Senator from 1965 until 1973.

Fuentealba Moena died on 1 October 2021 in Santiago de Chile at the age of 104. He was hospitalized the month before for heart failure.

Nora Gúnera de Melgar

Alba Nora Gúnera Osorio (1942 – 1 October 2021) was a Honduran politician. She was the wife of General Juan Alberto Melgar, the Honduran military Head of State from 1975 to 1978. She was elected mayor of Tegucigalpa in 1990 and left office in 1994. She ran for presidency for the National Party in 1997 elections. From 2007 until 2014, she was a member of the National Congress of Honduras.

Gúnera de Melgar died on 1 October 2021 in Tegucigalpa at the age of 78.

Juan Alberto Melgar Castro

Juan Alberto Melgar Castro (20 June 1930 – 2 December 1987) was a Honduran military officer. He was the head of state of Honduras from 22 April 1975 to 7 August 1978. He was removed from power by others in the military.

Melgar Castro died in San Pedro Sula, Honduras on 2 December 1987 from a heart attack, aged 57.

National Congress of Honduras

The National Congress () is the legislative branch of the government of Honduras.

The Honduran Congress is a unicameral legislature. Its members are 128 deputies, who are elected to serve four-year terms.

Congress meets in a purpose-built legislative palace "(Palacio Legislativo)" in the centre of Tegucigalpa.

Fred Hill (footballer, born 1940)

Frederick Hill (17 January 1940 – 1 October 2021) was an English footballer who played at both professional and international levels as an inside forward. He played for Halifax Town, Manchester City and Peterborough United, making over 500 appearances in the Football League. 

Hill played for the England national team in 1962.

Sergey Danilin

Sergey Danilin (1 January 1960 – 4 October 2021) was a Soviet luger. He competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. He was in four Winter Olympics. He won the silver medal in the men's singles event at Sarajevo in 1984.

Danilin died on 4 October 2021 at the age of 61.

Oğuzhan Asiltürk

Oğuzhan Asiltürk (25 May 1935 – 1 October 2021) was a Turkish politician. He was Minister of Industry and Technology and Minister of the Interior from 1974 until 1978. He was the Chairman of the Consultative Board of the Felicity Party from 2011 until his death in 2021.

On 13 September 2021, Asiltürk was hospitalized in Ankara, Turkey with COVID-19. He died of a heart attack on 1 October 2021 at the age of 86.

Paul Linger

Paul Linger (20 December 1974 – 1 October 2021) was an English professional footballer. He played in the Football League as a midfielder for Charlton Athletic, Leyton Orient and Brighton & Hove Albion.

On 1 October 2021, Linger died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 46.

Ewert Ljusberg

Karl Ewert Alvar Ljusberg (7 May 1945 – 1 October 2021) was a Swedish troubadour, ballad singer and entertainer. He was President of the Republic of Jamtland since 1989.


Andreas Neocleous

Andreas Neocleous Evripidi (; 3 July 1939 – 1 October 2021) was a Cypriot lawyer and politician. He was member of the House of Representatives of Cyprus from 1970 until 1976 as a member of the Eniaion Party. He was the founder and managing partner of Andreas Neocleous & Co LLC. In 1974, he took part in the coup d'état and was made agricultural minister.

Neocleous died on 1 October 2021, from COVID-19 in Nicosia at the age of 82.

Andrea Schroeder

Andrea K. Schroeder (June 2, 1964 – October 1, 2021) was an American politician. She was a Republican member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 2019 to 2021. Schroeder was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Schroeder died on October 1, 2021 from stomach cancer in Independence Township, Michigan at the age of 57.

Independence Township, Michigan

Independence Township is a charter township of Oakland County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Clarkston, Michigan

Clarkston, known officially as the City of the Village of Clarkston, is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States. At the 2020 census, the city had a population of 928.

Ziauddin Ahmed Bablu

Ziauddin Ahmed Bablu (31 December 1954 – 2 October 2021) was a Bangladeshi politician. He is a member of Jatiya Party. He was a Jatiya Sangsad member. He was the Cabinet Minister for Energy in the 1980s. He became an advisor to the Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in November 2013.

On 7 September 2021, Bablu was hospitalized with COVID-19. He died from the infection in Dhaka on 2 October 2021, aged 66.

Dana Bumgardner

Dana Bumgardner (May 16, 1954 – October 2, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. He was a Republican member of the North Carolina General Assembly from 2013 until his death. 

Bumgardner died from liver cancer at his home in Gastonia, North Carolina on October 2, 2021, at age 67.

Mummy Nanny

Mummy Nanny also known as Momie au pair, is a French-German-American animated comedy television series. It was produced by EM.TV & Merchandising AG and Super RTL. The series was distributed in the United States by MGM Television. It was broadcast from July 11, 2002 until October 12, 2003.

Michel Fernex

Michel Fernex (2 April 1929 – 2 October 2021) was a Swiss medical doctor. He worked at the Medical Faculty University of Basel. He was a member of Physicians for Social Responsibility and International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War.

Fernex died on 2 October 2021 in Basel at the age of 92.

Agostino Gambino

Agostino Gambino (6 July 1933 – 2 October 2021) was an Italian jurist and politician. He was Minister of Communications from 1995 until 1996. He was the President of the Associazione Internazionale di Diritto delle Assicurazioni.

Gambino died in Rome on 2 October 2021 at the age of 88.

Matt Holmes (Royal Marines officer)

Major General Matthew John Holmes, (29 June 1967 – 2 October 2021) was a British senior Royal Marines officer. He was Commandant General Royal Marines from 2019 to 2021.

Holmes died on 2 October 2021, aged 54. His death is being investigated as a suicide.

Colin Pratt

Colin George Pratt (10 October 1938 – 2 October 2021) was a British motorcycle speedway rider. He was a promoter of the Coventry Bees who competed in the British Elite League.

He qualified for the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1967. It was as a Hackney rider that he won the London Riders' Championship in 1967 and again in 1968.

Bill Russo (American football)

Bill Russo (June 19, 1947 – October 2, 2021) was an American football coach. He was the head football at Wagner College from 1978 to 1980 and at Lafayette College from 1981 to 1999. In 1988, 1992 and 1994 Russo coached the Lafayette Leopards. He was born in New York City.

Russo died on October 2, 2021 in Asheville, North Carolina at the age of 74.

Umer Shareef

Mohammad Umer (19 April 1960 – 2 October 2021), also known as Umer Shareef, was a Pakistani actor, comedian, director, producer, and television personality. He was known for hosting "The Shareef Show Mubarak Ho".

Shareef died of pneumonia caused by cancer on 2 October 2021 at a hospital in Nuremberg, Germany at the age of 61.

Frances Haugen

Frances Haugen is an American electrical engineer, data scientist, product manager, and whistleblower. In 2021, she disclosed [or showed] tens of thousands of Facebook's internal documents to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and "Wall Street Journal". She also filed (or made) a whistleblower complaint to the SEC; In the complaint she has said that Facebook has misled (or gave wrong information to) investors [to give priority, or] "to prioritize growth over safety"; She says that was done by ignoring research showing that it (or Facebook) amplifies "angry, polarizing, [and] divisive content", and that can put public safety at risk.

She gave testimony in front of one of the committees of the United States Senate, on October 5.

Later in October, Facebook's Oversight Board said that it will [meet or] speak with Haugen about her knowledge of the business (of Facebook) and its practices.

She was born and raised in Iowa City, Iowa.

John Wes Townley

John Wes Townley (December 31, 1989 – October 2, 2021) was an American professional stock car racing driver. He last competed part-time in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series. He also raced part-time in the Xfinity Series. Townley was born in Watkinsville, Georgia.

Townley was shot and killed on October 2, 2021 after he was assaulted in Athens, Georgia at the age of 31.

Todd Akin

William Todd Akin (July 5, 1947 – October 3, 2021) was an American politician and businessman. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2001 to 2013. He was a member of the Republican Party.

In 1988, he was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives. He left office in 2000, when he was elected to the United States House of Representatives.

Akin was the Republican nominee for the United States Senate running against Democratic U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill in the 2012 election. He lost the election because he said that women who are victims of what he called "legitimate rape" rarely get pregnant. Akin eventually apologized for the remark. In 2014, he defended his comments and regretted apologizing for them. 

In April 2001, Akin had surgery for early-stage prostate cancer. He died from cancer on October 3, 2021 in Wildwood, Missouri at the age of 74.

Wildwood, Missouri

Wildwood is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 35,417.

Ann Wagner

Ann Louise Wagner (née Trousdale, September 13, 1962) is an American politician and diplomat. She is the U.S. Representative for Missouri's 2nd congressional district since 2013. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was the United States Ambassador to Luxembourg from 2005 to 2009.

Blanka Bohdanová

Blanka Bohdanová (4 March 1930 – 3 October 2021) was a Czech actress. She was known for her stage roles for National Theatre in Prague. Her best known movie roles were in "Romeo, Juliet and Darkness", "Když rozvod, tak rozvod" and "Thirty Cases of Major Zeman".

Siegfried Borchardt

Roland Siegfried Borchardt (known as SS-Siggi; 14 November 1953 – 3 October 2021) was a German neo-Nazi and member of the Freedom German Workers' Party. In the 2014 local elections, he won a seat on the city council of the city of Dortmund, but resigned after two months.

Josep Maria Forn

Josep Maria Forn i Costa (; April 4, 1928 – October 3, 2021) was a Spanish actor and movie director. He was born in Barcelona. He was a critic of the Francisco Franco dictatorship. In 1975, he became the founder and president of Institut de Cinema Català. He won the Creu de Sant Jordi Award by the Catalan Government in 2001.

Forn died on October 3, 2021 in Barcelona at the age of 93.

Jorge Medina

Jorge Arturo Agustín Medina Estévez (; 23 December 1926 – 3 October 2021) was a Chilean Catholic Church cardinal. He was born in Santiago de Chile. 

He was prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments from 1996 to 2002 and was made a Cardinal in 1998. He was auxiliary bishop and then from 1987 bishop of Rancagua and then bishop of Valparaíso from 1993 to 1996.

Medina was a critic of homosexuality. In 2011, he was accused of sexual assault on minors.

Medina died on 3 October 2021 in Santiago de Chile at the age of 94.

Francisco Javier Errázuriz Ossa

Francisco Javier Errázuriz Ossa (; born 5 September 1933) is a Chilean prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Santiago from 1998 to 2010. He has been a cardinal since 2001. He was a member of Pope Francis' Council of Cardinal Advisers from 2013 until 2018.

In 2018 and again in 2020, he was accused of covering up sexual scandals and abuses in the Catholic church.

Ghanashyam Nayak

Ghanashyam Nayak (12 May 1945 – 3 October 2021) was an Indian actor. He had appeared in many tele serials. He was well known for the role of Natwarlal Prabhashankar Undhaiwala in "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah". 

Nayak died from prostate cancer in Mumbai on 3 October 2021, aged 76.

Bernard Tapie

Bernard Tapie (; 26 January 1943 – 3 October 2021) was a French businessman, politician, actor, singer, and television personality. He was Minister of City Affairs in the government of Pierre Bérégovoy between 1992 until 1993. He was also a member of the National Assembly between 1989 until 1992 and again from 1993 until 1996. He was a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

Tapie was born in Paris. He was President of the Olympique de Marseille. From 1963 until 1964, he served for the French Army. Tapie died on 3 October 2021 in Paris from stomach cancer, aged 78.


2021 Facebook outage

On October 4, 2021, American social network Facebook and its subsidiaries Messenger, Instagram, WhatsApp, Mapillary, and Oculus became globally unavailable. The outage started close to 12:00 pm Eastern Time and lasted around six hours. The reason is known as the loss of IP routes to the Facebook Domain Name System (DNS) servers.

This is believed to have been caused by a problem with Facebook's Border Gateway Protocol. The outage also reportedly broke internal systems used by Facebook employees.

Nephilim

The Nephilim, also known as Nephilites (; ) are mysterious beings mentioned in the Hebrew Bible―who are said to be large and strong. The word "Nephilim" is narrowly translated as "giants" in some Bibles but left untranslated in others. They are mentioned in the following books: Genesis, Numbers, and Ezekiel in the Hebrew Bible. The Nephilites and their identity are still unknown to this day.

Numbers 13:33 says that they later lived in Canaan when Israel conquered Canaan. A similar Hebrew term, read as "Nephilim" by some scholars, or as the word "fallen" by others, appears in the Biblical book Ezekiel 32:27

Some people think the Nephilim are giants that were created when fallen angels mated with humans, while others think they were famous ancient warriors and heroes that were created when the descendants of Seth wed the descendants of Cain. 

Brown-Driver-Briggs thought that the Nephilim were giants. Robert Baker Girdlestone thought that they are "the ones that caused the downfall." Donald Hendel thinks that it means "ones who have fallen."

The majority of ancient biblical translations think they were "giants." Symmachus thought they were "the violent ones," and Aquila thought they were either "the fallen ones" or "the ones falling [on their enemies]."

Some Jews believe that the Nephilim had children called Elioud. Aramaics think that Nephilim refers to the children of Orion. J. C. Greenfield thinks that the Nephilim is based on bad things in Sumerian beliefs. Early Arabs thought that fallen angels were sent to Earth looking like men, and they mated with humans.

In Genesis 6:4:The Nephilim were in the earth in those days, and also after that, when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bore children to them; the same were the mighty men that were of old, the men of renown.

In Numbers 13:32–33:And there we saw the Nephilim, the sons of Anak, who come of the Nephilim; and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.

In Ezekiel 32:27: They lie with the warriors, the Nephilim of old, who descended to Sheol with their weapons of war. They placed their swords beneath their heads and their shields upon their bones, for the terror of the warriors was upon the land of the living.

Cotton Mather thought that fossilized leg bones and teeth discovered near Albany, New York, in 1705, were the remains of Nephilim who died in a great flood, though paleontologists thought they were mastodon remains instead.


Spotless crake

The spotless crake, sooty rail, pūweto, puweto, or putoto ("Zapornia tabuensis") is a bird in the family Rallidae. It lives in the Philippines, Australia, New Zealand, other parts of Polynesia, and two subspecies have been found high in the hills in New Guinea. Scientists do not know much about them because they hide so well.

The spotless crake is about half the size of a blackbird. It is about 20 cm long. It weighs about 45 g. It has blue-gray and black feathers. It has orange-pink legs. It has a black beak.

Spotless crakes live in wetlands that have fresh water, not salt water. They look for food where the plants grow close together. Sometimes they will walk out on bare mud, but they run back into the plants if they think they are in danger.

The spotless crake eats the seeds of many plants, but it also eats animals without bones, for example beetles and worms. This bird is crepuscular, which means it looks for food at dawn and dusk.

Spotless crakes form one-on-one pairs to lay eggs. They build nests out of pieces of grass woven together. The nest is 30-50 cm above the water. Sometimes they build platforms near the nest. The female lays 2-5 eggs at a time. Both the male and female crake sit on the eggs. The eggs take 20-22 days to hatch. The chicks stay in the nest for about 4 days. They can catch some of their own food at that age. Both parents care for the chicks for 4-5 months.

Human beings change their wetlands into farms. Introduced species brought by humans can also kill the crake.

John Kennedy (disambiguation)

John F. Kennedy (1917-1963), 35th President of the United States

John Kennedy may refers to :

JFK (disambiguation)

JFK are the initials of John F. Kennedy (1917-1963), 35th President of the United States

JFK may refers to :

Bryson Spinner

Bryson Spinner (born November 7, 1980) was a former American football quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers.

Lafayette metropolitan area, Louisiana

Greater Lafayette is the third-largest metropolitan statistical area in the state of Louisiana.

Bellwood, Louisiana

Bellwood is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Victoria, Louisiana

Victoria is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Thalassa (mythology)

Thalassa is a Greek goddess. She is a personification of the sea, meaning people thought of the sea as a person, and that person was Thalassa. The word "Thalassa" means "sea."

The Latin author Hyginus wrote about her. He said she was the daughter of the gods Aether and Hemera. She is the wife of the god Pontus, who is also a personification of the sea.

Manes of Lydia

Manes was a mythical king of Lydia in Greek mythology. He was the son of Zeus and Gaia, and the father of Atys, who succeeded him as king.

Lydia may have then been known as Maeonia, which may have come from his name.

Ivan Johnson

Ivan Nicholas Johnson (27 June 1953 – 4 October 2021) was a Bahamian-born English first-class cricketer. He played for Worcestershire County Cricket Club from 1972 to 1975. He was a journalist for newspapers in Fleet Street. In 1990 Johnson founded "The Punch".

Johnson died of a heart attack on 4 October 2021 in Nassau, Bahamas at the age of 68.


Eberhard Panitz

Eberhard Panitz (16 April 1932 – 1 October 2021) was a German writer, screenwriter, literary editor and publicist. He wrote documentaries, audio plays and scripts for movies and television. Many of his works were called socialist realism. He was born in Dresden, Germany. Panitz was a member of the Marxist forum of the Die Linke party. 

Panitz died on 1 October 2021 in Berlin at he age of 89.

Herta Staal

Herta Staal (29 March 1930 – 2 October 2021) was an Austrian actress. She was born in Vienna, Austria. Her career lasted from 1952 until 1977. She was best known for her roles in "The Charming Young Lady", "My Sister and I" and "Where the Ancient Forests Rustle".

Staal died on 2 October 2021 in Munich, Germany at the age of 91.

Franciszek Surmiński

Franciszek Surmiński (5 December 1934 – 2 October 2021) was a Polish racing cyclist. He was active from 1961 to 1970. He participated in road races and cyclo-cross. Surmiński was born in Tarnopol Voivodeship, Poland (present-day Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine).

Surmiński died in Prudnik, Poland on 2 October 2021, aged 86.

Tamayo Marukawa

Marukawa was Minister of State for the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games twice. The first time was for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe from August 2016 until August 2017, and the second for Yoshihide Suga on 18 February 2021 to replace LDP lawmaker and retired Olympian Seiko Hashimoto.

She is married to Taku Otsuka. He is also a member of the House of Representatives).

Noriko Horiuchi

Noriko Horiuchi (born 28 October 1965) is a Japanese politician. She has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2012. She is a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. In October 2021, she became Minister of State for Vaccinations in the Fumio Kishida cabinet. She was born in Isawa, Japan.

Kari Lake

Kari Ann Lake (born August 23, 1969) is an American retired television news anchor and politician. She used to present for KSAZ-TV television station in Phoenix, Arizona. She retired from her anchor role in early 2021. 

In June 2021, Lake announced her candidacy for Governor of Arizona in the 2022 election as a Republican. Her campaign has been supported by former President Donald Trump. She won the Republican nomination in the August primary. She lost the election to Arizona Secretary of State Katie Hobbs in November 2022.

Lake used to be a Democrat between 2008 and 2012. She supported the presidential campaigns of John Kerry and Barack Obama.


Shun'ichi Suzuki (politician)


Karen Makishima

Makishima was born in Yokosuka, Kanagawa.


Genjirō Kaneko

He has been a member of the House of Councillors since 2010. He was the Governor of Nagasaki Prefecture from 1998 until 2010. He was also a member of the House of Representatives from 1983 until 1998.

Kaneko was born in Ikitsuki, Nagasaki, Japan. He studied at Keio University.

Channel One Russia

Channel One () is the first television channel to broadcast in the Russian Federation. Its headquarters are at Ostankino Technical Center near the Ostankino Tower in Moscow.

It was the first of Russia's country-wide channels. Channel One has more than 250 million viewers worldwide.

Soyuz MS-19

Soyuz MS-19 was a Soyuz spaceflight which launched on 5 October 2021. It was the 147th flight of a crewed Soyuz spacecraft. The crew members were Russian commander Anton Shkaplerov, Russian film director Klim Shipenko, and Russian actress Yulia Peresild.

Shipenko and Peresild spent about twelve days on the International Space Station before returning to Earth aboard Soyuz MS-18. They filmed a movie in space, "Vyzov" ().

It landed on March 30, 2022 in The Kazakh Steppe in Kazakhstan.

Yulia Peresild

Yulia Sergeevna Peresild (; born 5 September 1984) is a Russian actress. She was known for her role as Sofia in the drama "The Edge" (2010). She also appeared in the mystical thriller "Sonnentau" (2012).

She has been selected as member of the crew of Soyuz MS-19 in order to shoot the movie "The Challenge" on the International Space Station.

The Challenge (2023 movie)

The Challenge () or Doctor's House Call is a 2023 Russian space docudrama movie by Klim Shipenko. The movie is the first time a professional actor has been filmed in space by a professional director, as other films before were filmed and acted in by astronauts/cosmonauts/space tourists (space tourists that were amateur both in film-making and as astronauts) or used footage from automated equipment. "Apogee of Fear" was written by a professional scriptwriter, and with some graphics assets done by a professional, but had no other filming professionals involved.}} and was theatrically released in Russia on 12 April 2023 by Central Partnership.

Cosmonaut Ivanov loses consciousness while the spacecraft is in flight. Doctors decide that it will be necessary to perform heart surgery right in zero gravity. Cardiac surgeon Zhenya, who does not have time to raise her three year old daughter, is preparing for the flight.



Roscosmos

The Roscosmos State Corporation for Space Activities, also known as Roscosmos (), is a state corporation of the Russian Federation. They focus on the country's space flights, cosmonautics programs, and aerospace research.

Aerospace

Aerospace is a term used to talk about the atmosphere and outer space. Aerospace is a flexible term that often talks about planes and rockets. Aerospace engineering specifically is the way that planes and rockets are designed and built. 

Planes are vehicles that have wings attached and are moved forward by jet engines. Planes come in many different sizes, shapes and types. Some planes are for the military, while other planes are used for fun, moving things, and carrying people. Commercial aviation, or planes that are used to transport paying passengers; carries 4.5 billion people a year.
The beginning of space and the ending of the air is thought to be 100 km (62 mi) above the ground.

Fathali Oveisi

Fathali Oveisi (; 11 January 1946
– 5 October 2021) was an Iranian actor and movie director. He was born in Tehran, Iran. He acted in "Captain Khorshid" (1987), "Baanoo" (1999), "Hamoun" (1990), "Love-stricken" (1992) and "Cactus". 

Oveisi was hospitalized with a stroke in Tehran and went into a coma on 30 September 2021. He died on 5 October 2021, aged 75.

Valeriy Pidluzhnyy

Valeriy Vasylyovych Pidluzhnyy (; 22 August 1952 – 4 October 2021) was a Ukrainian long jumper. He represented the Soviet Union. He was born in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR. He won two silver medals at the European Athletics Indoor Championships as well as a gold medal at the 1974 European Athletics Championships and a bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Pidluzhnyy died on 4 October 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 69.

Funan

Funan (; , ; , Chu Han: ) was an ancient kingdom in Southeast Asia. This kingdom existed from the 1st to the 7th century CE.

Most texts written about this subject was written by foreign travelers. As a result, information about this ancient kingdom is often disputed.

George Cœdès thinks that the word "Funan" came from the word "Bnaṃ" or "Vnaṃ" in old Khmer. The modern Khmer word "Phnom" (meaning mountain or hill) came from this word. Claude Jacques, however, disputes this theory. He pointed out that there is a wrong translation of the Sanskrit word "Parvatabùpála" as "Bnaṃ." There is no ancient Khmer text found using this word to refer to this kingdom.

There are other explanations on how the word was formed. Claude Jacques believes the Chinese created this name because they likes to add "" ("nan") to refer to regions "to the south" (Yunnan, Hainan, ...).

The exact location of the capital is not known. The Book of Liang said the capital is 500 li (250 kilometers) from the sea, so it might be in Ba Phnom (Cambodian province of Prey Veng), Angkor Borei (in the Cambodian province of Takeo) or Óc Eo (now in Vietnam).

George Cœdès believes the name of the capital is "Vyadhapura" (city of hunters) because Angkorian texts described about it. The Book of Tang also recorded the word "Témú" (old Khmer "Dalmāk)" which also means "hunter". But Michael Vickery disputes this claim because of two reasons. First, the two words have different meaning. The "Vyadhapura" killed the animal, but the "Dalmāk" brought the animal home alive. Second, the word "Dalmāk" appeared for the first time in the ninth or early tenth century, and the word "Témú" appeared in Chinese texts for the first time in the sixth century (Funan: 1st—7th century).

Claudia (1943 movie)

Claudia is a 1943 American comedy movie directed by Edmund Goulding and was based on the 1941 play of the same name by Rose Franken. It stars Dorothy McGuire, Robert Young, Ina Claire, Reginald Gardiner, Jean Howard, Olga Baclanova and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was followed up in 1946 by "Claudia and David".


GlobalFoundries

GlobalFoundries Inc. (GF) is an American multinational semiconductor contract manufacturing and design company in Malta, New York. 
GlobalFoundries produces chips for mobility, automotive, computing and wired connectivity.



AD Ports Group

AD Ports Group (formerly Abu Dhabi Ports Company and ADPC) is a ports, industrial zones and logistics operator company based in Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates.

Abu Dhabi port was established in March 2006 as part of the restructuring of the commercial ports sector in the emirate, Abu Dhabi Ports. It controlled and regulated power over all commercial ports assets of the Abu Dhabi Seaports Authority (ADSA).

Abu Dhabi Sport was formed in 2016. Its digital arm Maqta Gateway supports Abu Dhabi Ports in its numerous digital channels and the widespread digital mandate of Abu Dhabi’s maritime and others.

Justine (1969 movie)

Justine is a 1969 American romantic drama movie. George Cukor and Joseph Strick directed it. The movie was based on the 1957 novel with the same name by Lawrence Durrell. Anouk Aimée, Dirk Bogarde, Michael York, Robert Forster, Anna Karina, Philippe Noiret, John Vernon, Jack Albertson, Cliff Gorman, George Baker acted in the movie. 20th Century Fox distributed it.

Phrynomedusa vanzolinii

Vanzolini's leaf frog ("Phrynomedusa vanzolinii") is a frog that lives in southeastern Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in two places: Estação Biológica de Boracéia and Teresópolis. People have seen it between 800 and 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests where the tree branches come together like a roof. People have seen its tadpoles swimming in pools near streams.

Scientists say all the frogs in this species might be dead now. If any are alive, it is probably very few. Scientists have not seen this frog since the 1980s. They do not know for sure why it died, but it happened about the same time that the fungal disease chytridiomycosis came to the place where it lives.

Scientists say that if anyone sees this frog again, people should make a program to take them out of the forest and breed them in human-controlled places.

Aberfan disaster

The Aberfan disaster occurred on 21 October 1966. It was the collapse of a colliery spoil tip onto the village of Aberfan in Glamorgan, Wales. It killed 144 people, most of them children.

Dragon Ball: The Magic Begins

Dragon Ball: The Magic Begins (known in Asia as ) is a 1991 Taiwanese live-action action comedy fantasy movie loosely based on manga Dragon Ball, directed by Chun-Liang Chen.

Chronologically speaking, this is the second live-action adaptation of Akira Toriyama's "Dragon Ball" manga (although an unlicensed and therefore unofficial adaptation), it came a year after the release of "Dragon Ball: Son Goku Fights, Son Goku Wins" (1990).

The earth has seven dragon balls, and each dragon ball has one to seven stars, and the seven dragon balls are scattered all over the world. When someone collects all the dragon balls, he can summon Shenlong. At this time, he can make a wish, and Shenlong will help you realize it. A certain village is holding a handover ceremony for the new village head, and the process also includes a town treasure "Dragon Ball". At this time, the alien Bull Demon King suddenly descended from the sky, led his men to break into the village, and successfully captured the Dragon Ball. Because the Bull Demon King knows that as long as he gets seven dragon balls, he hopes to control all mankind, and now he has got two dragon balls. So the Bull Demon King sent Sparta and Maria to search for the five Dragon Balls scattered in other places in order to realize his dream of conquering the world. Bull Demon King's subordinates found the four-star dragon ball from Sun Wufan, killed Sun Wuhan and took the dragon ball away. Goku, who just met the girl, finds Gohan dead, feels very sad and wants to take revenge. On the way, they meet Leping and Oolong, and prepare to challenge the Bull Demon King with Guixianren. In the end, it was found that Sun Wuhan was not dead, and it was revealed that the Dragon Balls were all in the belly of the Bull Demon King. Wukong used the golden cudgel to drive the last dragon ball into the belly of the bull devil, thus summoning the dragon. So the daughter of the village chief at the beginning of the movie made a wish to bring everyone back to life, and everyone was happy.

The film was mostly shot in the forests of Nantou County, Taiwan, with some scenes also shot in Thailand.

Novial

Novial is a constructed international auxiliary language (IAL) for universal communication between speakers of different native languages. It was created by Otto Jespersen, a Danish linguist. He who had been involved in the Ido movement, and later in the development of Interlingua.

Its vocabulary is based on the Germanic and Romance languages. Its grammar is influenced by English.

Jespersen introduced Novial in his book "An International Language" in 1928. He updated it in his dictionary Novial Lexike in 1930. He proposed several modifications in the 1930s. However, the language became dormant with Jespersen's death in 1943. In the 1990s, with the revival of interest in constructed languages brought on by the Internet, some people rediscovered Novial.

Novial has a simple and regular grammar. The main word order is SVO. There is no grammatical gender (but the sex or gender of referrents can be marked). Verbs don't change according to person or number, and don't have exceptions.

The definite article is "li" which doesn't change. It is used as in English.

There is no indefinite article, although "un" (one) can be used.

Nouns mainly end in e, a, o, u or um in singular. The plural noun is formed by adding –s to the singular (-es after a consonant).

There is also a form for indefinite number, expressed by removing the ending of the noun in singular ("leone" – lion, "leon es kruel" – a/the lion is cruel, or lions are cruel).

If a noun refers to a living being, then the form ending in -e is neutral in regards to sex, the one ending in -a female, and the one ending in -o male. If the noun is based on an adjective, nouns referring to living beings can be made with the previously mentioned rule, and furthermore nouns referring to concrete objects with -u, and abstractions with -um. The third person pronouns follows the same rule, together with the definite article.

The genitive is formed with the ending -n (-en after a consonant) with the plural being -sen (-esen after a consonant) or with the preposition de.

Other cases are formed with prepositions.

All adjectives end in -i, but this may be dropped if it is easy enough to pronounce and no confusion will be caused. Adjectives precede the noun. Adjectives do not agree with the noun but may be given noun endings if there is no noun present to receive them.

Comparative adjectives are formed by placing various particles ("plu, tam," and "min") in front of the adjective receiving the comparison. Likewise, the superlative particles ("maxim" and "minim") precede the adjective. The adjective does not receive an inflection to its ending.

Verb forms never change with person or number. Most verb tenses, moods and voices are expressed with auxiliary verbs preceding the root form of the main verb. The auxiliaries follow the same word order as the English equivalent. The following phrases give examples of the verb forms:


Novial clearly distinguishes the passive of becoming and the passive of being. In English the forms are often the same, using the auxiliary verb "to be" followed by the past participle. However, the passive of becoming is also often expressed with the verb "to get" which is used in the examples below.

The passive voice of becoming is formed with the auxiliary bli followed by the root verb form. It can then be conjugated into the previously mentioned forms, for example:

The passive voice of being is formed with the auxiliary es followed by the past passive participle (stem + -t). For example:

An adjective is converted to a corresponding adverb by adding -m after the -i ending of the adjective.

Comparative and superlative adverbs are formed in the same manner as comparative and superlative adjectives: by placing a specific particle before the adverb receiving the comparison.

Novialide is a term used for languages derivatives of Novial and any constructed language project based on or inspired by Novial.

Some Novialides are:


Family Guy Viewer Mail 2

"Family Guy Viewer Mail #2" is the 22nd episode of "Family Guy"s 10th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on May 20, 2012. The next episode ("Internal Affairs") was broadcast right after this episode. The episode is in three parts: "Chap of the Manor", "Fatman and Robin", and "Point of Stew". The episode is based on an episode from the 3rd season, "Family Guy Viewer Mail #1". About 5.35 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

BBC Three broadcasted the episode on August 11, 2014 in the United Kingdom. In the "Fatman and Robin" story, Peter Griffin is able to make everything he touches become Robin Williams. Peter later starts panicking because of this and tries to kill himself. This broadcast happened minutes before people knew Robin Williams had killed himself on the same day. People on Twitter and Reddit talked about how the episode was broadcast right before Robin Williams died. BBC Three broadcasted the episode at 11:25 pm. People learned about Robin Williams' death around 11:50 pm. A spokeswoman for BBC said that this was a strange coincidence. The episode was chosen to be broadcast on that day more than two weeks before. It would have been broadcast again four days later if this did not happen.

IPad (6th generation)

iPad (6th generation), also known as iPad (2018), is a tablet that was made by Apple and released in 2018.

It has a display.

It has an 8 MP rear and 1.2 MP front cameras. The rear camera is in operation at "f"2.4 aperture.
It has an A10 Fusion processor and 2 GB RAM.
It first supplied with iOS 11.3. It now supports iPadOS 15.3.1.

Kostanay

Kostanay ( ; ) is a city near the Tobol River in northern Kazakhstan. 

George Elder (baseball)

George Rezin Elder Jr. (March 10, 1921 – July 7, 2022) was an American former professional baseball outfielder. He played one season in Major League Baseball, appearing in 41 games with the St. Louis Browns in 1949.

Elder turned 100 in March 2021. Between the death of Eddie Robinson in October 2021 until his own death, Elder was the oldest living retired baseball player.

Elder died on July 7, 2022 in Fruita, Colorado at the age of 101.

Mapusaurus

Mapusaurus was a type of dinosaur. It was a theropod. It was carnivorous, meaning it ate meat. The Mapusaurus was one of the largest carnivorous theropods, such as the Carcharodontosaurus, Giganotosaurus, or Tyrannosaurus Rex. It was 12-13 meters long. It lived during the late Cretaceous period.

Electronic band structure

In solid-state physics, the electronic band structure describes the ranges of energy levels an electron can or cannot possess. Band structure is responsible for the electrical properties of a metal, such as electrical resistivity, and optical absorption.

Kittel, Charles (2005). "". Wiley. ISBN <bdi>0-471-41526-X</bdi>.

"Band Theory for Solids". Retrieved 2021-10-06

"Band Theory | Definition, Explanation, & Facts". "Encyclopedia Britannica".

Warface

Warface is a free to play video game for the Xbox One.

My Mother the Car

My Mother the Car is an American fantasy sitcom. It aired during the 1965-66 television season on NBC. Thirty episodes were produced by Allan Burns and Chris Hayward for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The cast includes Jerry Van Dyke, Ann Sothern, Avery Schreiber, Paula Winslowe, Cindy Eilbacher and is considered to be the worst television show of the 1960s.

Iron Man (1951 movie)

Iron Man is a 1951 American drama movie directed by Joseph Pevney and is the second adaption of the 1930 novel of the same name by W. R. Burnett. It stars Jeff Chandler, Evelyn Keyes, Stephen McNally, Rock Hudson, Joyce Holden, Jim Backus and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Zayed Port

Zayed Port () also called Mina Zayed, is a commercial deep-water port owned by the Abu Dhabi Ports that serves Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It was established in 1968. 

Zayed Port has an area of 535 hectares and contains 21 berths with depths ranging from 6-15 metres and a total berth length of 4,375 metres. 

Musaffah Port

Musaffah Port (Arabic: ميناء مصفّح‎) is an Abu Dhabi Ports' port located in the industrial town of Musaffah south west of the city of Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. 

The interest increased in developing Abu Dhabi's nearby township of Mussafah as an industrial centre during a period of local restoration. Abu Dhabi Seaports Authority announced a Dh2.4 billion development plan of the area.

Prime Minister's Official Residence (Japan)

The Prime Minister's Official Residence is the official workplace and residence of the Prime Minister of Japan. It is commonly referred to as Sōri Daijin Kantei (総理大臣官邸), Shushō Kantei (首相官邸), or simply Kantei (官邸).

The Prime Minister's Official Residence is called Sōri Daijin Kantei (総理大臣官邸), also known as the Sōri Kantei (総理官邸), the Shushō Kantei (首相官邸) or simply the Kantei (官邸). The Residential Quarters is called Sōri Kōtei (総理公邸).

2020 in architecture

Events related to architecture in 2020:





Hassan Lemu

Hassan Lemu, OON, was the private secretary of late Ahmadu Bello, Sardauna of Sokoto.

Lemu started his education at Lemu Elementary School. He then proceeded to Niger Middle School, and he later enrolled to Kaduna College.

Ahmed Lemu

Ahmed Lemu, "OON, OFR," (21 December 1929) was a Nigerian Islamic scholar, educationist and jurist, who was the first grand khadi and chief justice of Niger State, Nigeria.

Lemur held level two teachers certificate for Arabic, Sharia Jurisdiction and the General Education and Islamic Studies in a School of Sharia Law: School of Arabic Studies Lemu. He got certificate of General Education for advance level in Arabic, history, Hausa and Persian languages and later held bachelor degree Hons in African and Oriental Studies.

Lemu began his career in the Bida Native Authority as a teacher of Arabic, Islamic studies and English language. He taught in the Government Secondary School Bida and was moved to Kano, where he became senior teacher of Arabic Language, Islamic Studies and Education. He rose to the level of supervisor and principal in the School of Arabic Studies Kano and was eventually lifted to the director of the Government Secondary Education between. He held numerous positions such as principal of the Arabic Teachers College Sokoto, Senior Inspector of Education, Chief Inspector, Educational Planning of Sokoto State.

Senate of Venezuela

The Senate of Venezuela was the upper house of Venezuela's legislature under its 1961 constitution. Under the 1999 constitution, the bicameral system was replaced by the unicameral National Assembly of Venezuela. However, since 1999 the chamber of senators has been used by the National Assembly for meetings and other special functions. It was eventually replaced by the unicameral system National Assembly.

William Izarra

William Ernesto Izarra Caldera (7 May 1947 – 1 October 2021) was a Venezuelan diplomat, academic, writer, military official, and politician. He also worked as a professor for the Central University of Venezuela. He was a Senator between 1998 until 1999. He was also the Ambassador to North Korea from May 2021 until his death. Izarra was a member of the United Socialist Party. He was born in Maracay, Venezuela.

Izarra died on 1 October 2021 at a hospital in Caracas, Venezuela from COVID-19 at the age of 74.

Back in the U.S.S.R.

"Back in the U.S.S.R." is a 1968 song by The Beatles and is the first track of the 1968 double album "The Beatles" (also known as "The White Album"). It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.

Dennis Walters

Sir Dennis Murray Walters (28 November 1928 – 1 October 2021) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Westbury from 1964 to 1992.

In 1960, he was appointed MBE for political services. Walters was knighted in 1988.

Walters died on 1 October 2021, at the age of 92.

Zbigniew Pacelt

Zbigniew Pacelt (26 August 1951 – 4 October 2021) was a Polish Olympic athlete and politician. He competed as a swimmer at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics, and as a modern pentathlete at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was a member of the Sejm from 2005 until 2015. He was a member of the Civic Platform. Pacelt was born in Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski, Poland.

Pacelt died on 4 October 2021 at the age of 70.

Yosef Paritzky

Yosef Yitzhak Paritzky (; 14 September 1955 – 5 October 2021) was an Israeli attorney, politician and columnist. He was born in Jerusalem, Israel. He was the Minister of National Infrastructure from 2003 until 2004. He was a member of Knesset between 1999 until 2006.

Paritzky died on 5 October 2021 at the age of 66.

Zoran Stanković

Zoran Stanković (, ; 9 November 1954 – 5 October 2021) was a Serbian major-general and politician. He was the Minister of Defence between 2005 and 2007. He was also the Minister of Health between 2011 until 2012. Stanković was born in Tegovište, then-Yugoslavia.

He ran for President of Serbia in the 2012 election, losing in fifth place.

Stanković died on 5 October 2021 in Belgrade, Serbia from COVID-19 at the age of 66.

Arvind Trivedi

Arvind Trivedi (8 November 1938 – 5 October 2021) was an Indian actor and politician. He was born in Indore, India. He was a member of the Lok Sabha between 1991 until 1996. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Trivedi was known for his roles as Dadaji in the 1998 movie "Desh Re Joya Dada Pardesh Joya" and as Ravana/Vishrava in the television series "Ramayan".

Trivedi died on 5 October 2021 from multiple organ failure at a hospital in Mumbai, India at the age of 82.

Henrique Capriles

Henrique Capriles Radonski (; born 11 July 1972) is a Venezuelan politician and lawyer. He was the 36th Governor of Miranda from 2008 until 2017. He is well known for being a political enemy and critic of President Nicolas Maduro.

In 2000, he co-founded the political party Primero Justicia. Capriles became the opposition candidate at the 2012 and 2013 presidential elections. He ran against President Hugo Chávez and Vice President Nicolás Maduro.

His loss in 2013 caused controversy as he said the election was a fraud and that Maduro rigged the election.

On 5 April 2017, Capriles was formally banned for 15 years from political activity. 

The Trials of Oscar Wilde

The Trials of Oscar Wilde is a 1960 British biographical drama movie directed by Ken Hughes and was based on the play "The Stringed Lute" by John Furnell. It stars Peter Finch, Yvonne Mitchell, Sonia Dresdel, Emrys Jones, Lionel Jeffries, James Mason, Nigel Patrick, John Fraser, Maxine Audley, James Booth and was distributed by Eros Films.

Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies

The Chamber of Deputies (Spanish: "Cámara de Diputados") was the lower house of Venezuela's legislative under its 1961 constitution; the Venezuelan Senate was the upper house. The bicameral system was replaced by the unicameral National Assembly of Venezuela.

At the 1993 Venezuelan parliamentary election, the Chamber became a mixed member proportional representation system, modelled on the German system, with some variations.

Leopoldo López

Leopoldo Eduardo López Mendoza (born 29 April 1971) is a Venezuelan politician. He co-founded the political party Primero Justicia in 2000 with Henrique Capriles and Julio Borges. He was elected mayor of the Chacao Municipality in 2000. He is a known critic and political enemy of President Nicolas Maduro.

He was arrested in 2014 in which many saw as a politically motivated move by President Maduro. The European Union, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and several human rights organizations have condemned the arrest and defined it as politically motivated. He was convicted on violence and sent to prison for 13 years. He was later transferred to house arrest on 8 July 2017. 

On 1 August 2017 he was taken from his home by SEBIN agents and was briefly taken to jail again. During the 2019 Venezuelan uprising, López took refuge as a guest in the Spanish Embassy in Caracas. He fled Venezuela in October 2020.

Lilian Tintori

Lilian Adriana Tintori Parra (born 5 May 1978) is a Venezuelan activist, kitesurfer, television and radio host. Tintori is the wife of Leopoldo López. She has also led groups who criticize the government of Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro.

Pace University

Pace University is a private university with its main campus in New York City and a second campus in Westchester County, New York. It was created in 1906 as a business school. Pace has about 13,000 students. It offers about 100 majors at its six schools. 

The university also offers a Master of Fine Arts in acting through The Actors Studio Drama School and is home to the "Inside the Actors Studio" television show.

Cachexia

Cachexia () is a syndrome caused by an underlying illness. It causes ongoing muscle loss that is not entirely reversed. It can be caused by cancer, congestive heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, kidney disease and AIDS. 

Central Illinois

Central Illinois, also called the "Heart of Illinois", is an area of the state of Illinois. Champaign-Urbana, Quincy, Springfield, Danville and Decatur are usually listed as Central Illinois cities, towns or villages. These five places, however, are also often named Southern Illinois places on many occasions and some area citizens. Galesburg, Peoria, Normal and Bloomington are "always" included in the Central Illinois classification areas. 

Central Illinois' geographical area is generally flat prairie and farmland. The area includes Douglas County, the state's flattest. The region also hosts a variety of man-made lakes. They include Lake Shelbyville, Lake Springfield, Clinton Lake and Lake Decatur. Major rivers in the region include the Illinois, Middle Fork of the Vermilion, Kaskaskia, Sangamon and Mississippi rivers.

The climate of Central Illinois is humid continental. The area goes through all four seasons. Snow is common in the winter months. Though Central Illinois' counties vary in the snowfall rate, many receive about twenty inches of snow annually. With all precipitation put together, most counties receive about 38 inches of rain and snow annually. Severe weather, including tornadoes, is common during the spring and summer months. Though they don't happen very often, blizzards can happen in parts of central Illinois in winter. The weather of Central Illinois affects the crop season as well. Droughts can sometimes happen in the late spring, summer or fall. These cause harm to the soybean and corn crops in the area.

Mahmoud Ahmad Marei

Mahmoud Ahmad Marei (; born 1957) is a Syrian politician, lawyer, current leader of the Arab Organization for Human Rights, and former secretary-general of the National Democratic Front, a small opposition party.

He was born in Talfita, Rif Dimashq, Syria. He studied law at Damascus University and graduated in 1993.

He is the former president of the Youth Office at the National Coordination Committee for Democratic Change. In 2017 he spoke at the Geneva peace talks about Syria.

He was a candidate in the 2021 Syrian presidential election but his political party said that they had made him leave in 2013.

Klaus Hasselmann

Klaus Ferdinand Hasselmann (born 25 October 1931) is a German oceanographer and climate modeller. He is Professor Emeritus at the University of Hamburg and former Director of the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology. He was awarded the 2021 Nobel Prize in Physics with Syukuro Manabe and Giorgio Parisi.

He is best known for creating the "Hasselmann model". His works has helped track and model the effects and weather patterns of climate change.

Giorgio Parisi

Giorgio Parisi (born 4 August 1948) is an Italian theoretical physicist. His works focuses on quantum field theory, statistical mechanics and complex systems. He won the 2021 Nobel Prize in Physics with Klaus Hasselmann and Syukuro Manabe.

List of American anime companies


Eotetrapodiformes

Eotetrapodiformes is a clade of sarcopterygian fish including tetrapods and their ancestors. Eotetrapodiformes is part of the larger clade tetrapodomorpha. But it excludes the basalmost tetrapodomorphs, such as megalichthyiforms.

Cladogram from Swartz, 2012:

Video game industry

The video game industry is the industry that connects with the development, marketing, and monetization of video games. 

Modern personal computers have many innovations: sound cards, graphics cards, 3D graphic accelerators, faster CPUs, and dedicated co-processors like PhysX are a few of the more notable improvements. Sound cards, for example, were originally developed for the addition of digital-quality sound to games, and only later were they improved for the music industry. Graphics cards were developed to provide more screen colors, and later on to support graphical user interfaces (GUIs) and games.

In 2017 in the United States the Entertainment Software Association estimated that there were over 2,300 development companies and over 525 publishing companies. These companies in total have nearly 66,000 direct workers.

Ben Sawyer of Digitalmill names six layers of the industry:


Some of the disciplines are game programmer, game designer, level designer, game producer, game artist, and game tester. Most of these professionals are employed by video game developers or video game publishers. However, many hobbyists also produce computer games and sell them commercially.

Traditionally, the video game industry has had six layers in its value chain. 


The video game industry started in the United States. With the personal computer, Western Europe also became a big center for video game development. Companies in North American, Europe, and Japan. are leading in this industry. Other regions, such as Australia/New Zealand, and other southeast Asian countries, for example China and South Korea, are also important.

According to market research firm Newzoo, these countries are the largest video game markets by annual revenue, .

Gaming conventions are very important in the industry. It helps publishers to demonstrate their games. It also helps game players to give their feedback. Some publishers, developers and technology producers have their own regular conventions, for example BlizzCon, QuakeCon, Nvision and the X shows.

The largest trade show is the E3 in Los Angeles, California, It is held by the Entertainment Software Association. Other similar trade shows are Tokyo Game Show (Japan), Brassil Game Show (Brazil), EB Games Expo (Australia), KRI (Russia), China Joy (China) and the Game Developers Conference.

Two of the major professional conferences are: the Game Developers Conference (GDC).

The attention to the video game industry started off with several magazines covering this topic. 

Social media influencers and video game players who create online videos or stream themselves playing games are also playing an important role in showing consumer point of view.

The video game industry has a number of annual award ceremonies, associated with the conventions, trade shows and conferences, as well as standalone award shows. Many of the dedicated video game journalism websites also have their own set of awards. Most commonly, these ceremonies are capped by the top prize, the "Game of the Year".

Melbourne International Games Week

Melbourne International Games Week is a platform in Asia Pacific. Creative Victoria is the host of Melbourne International Games Week. It helps game professional and consumers to communicate with each other. There are different events for three areas of interest: business, consumer and industry.

MIGW 2015 had over 60,000 participants in game developer conferences and shows across the city, for example Game Connect Asia Pacific, Unite Melbourne, PAX Australia, Freeplay Independent Games Festival's Parallels showcase, the Women in Games Lunch, Australian Game Developers’ Awards, ACMI Family Day, VR and Serious Games Festival and the Education in Games Summit.

2016's MIGW events were in the Australian Centre for the Moving Image and the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre. More than 65,000 people came to these events in 2017.

The 2018 MIGW programme also includes a number of new events, for example the first Melbourne Queer Games Festival focusing on games with LGBT content, an e-sports conference, and the new High Score Conference.

Phrynomedusa dryade

The monkey frog ("Phrynomedusa dryade") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in five places, always in ponds or mountain streams.

The adult male frog is 28.4 to 31.7 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog can be 36.1 mm long. Its nostrils are almost as far apart as its eyes. Its eyes are very big. Each eyeball is almost as big as the distance between the eyes.

This frog has thin front legs and strong back legs. It is green in color with clear white lines. Parts of its toes and legs are bright orange.

The female frog lays eggs in rows near cracks in rocks near the water. The tadpoles swim upright in the water, with their tails facing down.

Scientists think that habitat loss might be a threat to this frog. They also think it may have once lived in many more places, but the chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" may have killed those frogs.

The scientific name of this frog "dryade" is from the Greek word "dryas", meaning "from the trees." This is the same word that gives us the name Dryad.

The Man from the Alamo

The Man from the Alamo is a 1953 American western movie directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Glenn Ford, Chill Wills, Julie Adams, Dennis Weaver, Hugh O'Brian, Victor Jory, Edward Norris, Arthur Space, Jeanne Cooper. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Green Man Gaming

Green Man Gaming is an online video game retailer, distributor and publisher in Britain. It has a multi-platform catalog of 9,000+ games from more than 1,350 publishers, selling games in 195 countries.

Green Man Gaming’s Publishing division lets independent video game studios opt for a mixture of services for publishing.

In 2009, Paul Sulyok opened Green Man Gaming with Lee Packham. Green Man Gaming officially started trading on 10 May 2010. 

Callum Jay joined Green Man Gaming as CFO in 2011. He was a finance direction at Miniweb Interactive, Morgan Stanley Capital International and at the Tomb Raider publisher, Eidos. Tim Sawyer also joined Green Man Gaming as their EVP Operations in 2011. After a year-long silence at Twitter to develop Tweet Deck's iOS, Lee Packham returned to Green Man Gaming as Co-Founder and EVP Engineering.

On 9 July 2012, Green Man Gaming made public that it connects with Playfire. Playfire had more than 1.2 million users, tracking over 50,000 video games on the website allowing users to automatically track their gameplay and in-game achievements or trophies from Steam, PlayStation Network, and Xbox Live. At the end of July 2012, Green Man Gaming expanded its multi-platform portfolio to include selling boxed games, and PC-DVD, Xbox360, Xbox One, PS3, and PS4 games, as well as consoles and peripherals.

In March 2014, trade publication MCV CEO said that Paul Sulyok was one of the 100 most influential people working in the British video games industry.

In October 2016, the company made an agreement with Sony Interactive Entertainment to sell digital titles for PlayStation 4 consoles through redemption keys. Sony stopped selling redemption keys by March 2019.

In March 2017, Green Man Gaming started eCommerce. It was the first website in local language in Germany. Then Green Man Gaming made sites in 10 different languages including Chinese and South Korean. 

In April 2017, Paul Eibeler, who was a Take-Two CEO, took the position of an Advisor.

In February 2021, Green Man Gaming united with Payload Studios.

In 2015 Green Man Gaming answered to blames of unauthorised keys being sold on the Store. The majority of keys come directly from publishers, with the occasional need to offer keys for games from publishers that were not able to give them directly due to commercial limitations.

Following this, in November 2015, the company placed information on each game's store page on their site to finf the source of the redemption keys, either through Green Man Gaming directly from the publisher, or through an authorised third-party reseller, for full clarity.

Playfire

Playfire was a website for video game players to help gaming networking. Playfire helped users to track their in-game awards, achievements and gameplay. Kieran O'Neill, Sophia Hayes & Ben Phillips opened the company in December 2007. Playfire was the first website to release a PlayStation gamercard. It attracted a big number of gamers. The site brought in an automatic tracking of Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC gameplay in March 2011.
Playfire got £1.3m in funding from investors such as Niklas Zennström (the founder of Skype), Michael Birch (the founder of Bebo), Chris Deering (the former Chairman of SCE), William Reeve (the founder of LOVEFiLM) and others.
The idea for Playfire came from watching the gamers adding information about themselves such as their PSN ID, recently played games, and other things in their signatures under every forum post.

In September 2011 Playfire united with GameSpot to bring Playfire users profile to GameSpot through an API collaboration.

On 9 July 2012 Playfire was bought by Green Man Gaming.

At the end of 2013, Green Man Gaming said that Playfire service was able to track in-game achievements/trophies and gameplay on Xbox One and PlayStation 4.

In January 2014, Playfire started its Rewards BETA. the Rewards BETA motivated users to link their Steam account to their Playfire account in order to earn Green Man Gaming store Credit. Available Rewards are listed daily on the Playfire Rewards. Page and by May 2014, over one million Rewards had been given out to BETA participants

Playfire was the sponsor of the Most Played Game Award at the 32nd Golden Joystick Awards, and sponsored the Gamers' Choice Award at the Games Media Awards 2014 in October 2014.

In blog post on 7 November 2016, said that Playfire is closing. It will be united with their new "Community" site that GMG made on the Muut platform. Later, on 5 May 2017 said that it is coming to a close this year. As of 30 May 2017 Playfire was united with GMG Community with its website playfire.com. Now it is redirecting to greenmangaming.com/playfire.

Post Mortem (2020 movie)

Post Mortem is a 2020 Hungarian mystery horror movie directed by Péter Bergendy and starring Viktor Klem, Fruzsina Hais, Judit Schell, Andrea Ladányi, Zsolt Anger. It has been selected as the Hungarian entry for the 94th Academy Awards in 2022.

Fourth Estate Public Benefit Corporation

The Fourth Estate Public Benefit Corporation (informally called the Fourth Estate) is an American news and journalism organization. 

It is headquartered in Washington, DC, and is organized as a Public Benefit Cooperative, a type of member social cooperative. Members of the Fourth Estate are both individuals and organizations representing news producers as well as consumers of journalism. 


Andrianafidisoa

Andrianafidisoa, popularly known as Fidy (10 March 1964 – 6 October 2021), was a military general of the Army of Madagascar and a Director of the National Mines and Strategic Industries Office (OMNIS). He allegedly attempted a coup d'état against Malagasy President Marc Ravalomanana on November 18, 2006.

Prior to his alleged coup attempt, in October 2006 General Andrianafidisoa had been barred from running for president in the election scheduled for December 3, 2006, for not paying the required deposit of 25,000,000 ariary. Andrianafidisoa had earlier supported Ravalomanana in his struggle against Didier Ratsiraka over election results in 2002, and led an attack by pro-Ravalomanana forces on Fianarantsoa at that time.

While Ravalomanana was out of the country, Andrianafidisoa had leaflets distributed declaring military rule; he called Ravalomanana's government unconstitutional and went to a base at Ivato Airport, seeking support from soldiers. One soldier was reported killed in a clash there, and Ravalomanana's flight, returning from Europe, was diverted to Mahajanga. Andrianafidisoa's takeover attempt failed, and he went into hiding or on the run; the government ordered his arrest and began searching for him. However, the general stated that "I am alive and I am not in hiding," on a telephone call to news organization Reuters. According to him, "Soldiers and politicians have got the message."

Subsequently Andrianafidisoa denied that the events had been a coup attempt, describing this as a misinterpretation. He did, however, acknowledge that he had called Ravalomanana's government unconstitutional and that he called for him to resign. On November 22, Andrianafidisoa received the backing of eight of the 14 presidential candidates, who said he was defending the constitution and the interests of the nation.

A $50,000 reward was offered for Andrianafidisoa's arrest. The secretary of state for public security said that Andrianafidisoa was taken by surprise and captured on December 12 at a hotel, and that he did not resist. Several guns, along with ammunition, were found with him. Police began interrogating Andrianafidisoa on December 14. Andrianafidisoa pleaded not guilty during his trial, and he and his lawyers argued that he had not attempted a coup, but had instead acted as a "lone soldier" attempting to alert the president to the situation of the armed forces. He was sentenced to four years in prison on February 2, 2007, and stated his intention to appeal the verdict. On February 20, he received an additional three-year prison sentence.

Ravalomanana was forced out of office by a combination of popular protests and military intervention in March 2009. Opposition leader Andry Rajoelina then took over as President of the High Authority of the Transition and promptly pardoned Andrianafidisoa, along with many other political prisoners, on 26 March 2009.

Andrianafidisoa died on 6 October 2021.

Kento Masuda

Kento Masuda (born 29 June 1973) is a Japanese composer and recording artist.

Masuda was born in 1973 in Katori, Japan. He first started playing piano when he was 5. Masuda says that he was influenced by Johann Sebastian Bach and Alan Menken. His work has been described as "one of this world's artistic treasures." To date, Masuda has released ten albums, one musical film and two piano books. He is currently working with producer Gary Vandy on a new album.




1668 North Anatolia earthquake

The 1668 North Anatolia earthquake was a very powerful earthquake that struck northcentral Anatolia in the Ottoman Empire (today Turkey) on August 17, 1668. The exact hour of the earthquake is not known, but it happened in late morning. It had an estimated magnitude between 7.8–8.0 and the maximum felt intensity was IX ("Violent") on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale. The epicenter of the earthquake was on the southern shore of Ladik Lake, southwest of Samsun. 

When the earthquake struck, a 600 km long segment of the North Anatolian Fault ruptured, which caused severe shaking along this entire segment and widespread heavy damage from at least Bolu in the west to Erzincan in the east. It resulted in about 8,000 deaths. The aftershocks continued for 6 months. It remains the most powerful earthquake recorded in Turkey.

The town of Bolu was reported to be almost completely destroyed by the earthquake, with 1,800 deaths. There was also severe damage further east along the fault, with another 6,000 reported deaths between Merzifon and Niksar. The total death toll was around 8,000. Some damage was also reported from as far east as Erzincan and at various locations along the Black Sea coast. The town of Samsun was also heavily damaged. The walls and towers of Samsun Castle were damaged and some parts of the structure "were demolished".

Ladik Lake

Ladik Lake (; ) is a lake in Samsun Province, Asiatic Turkey. In Classical antiquity, it was called Stiphane, and was located in the northwestern part of Pontus, in the area called Phazemonitis. According to Strabo, the lake is rich in fish, and its shores have excellent pastures. The southern shore of Ladik Lake was the epicenter of the 7.8–8.0 1668 North Anatolia earthquake, which is the most powerful earthquake recorded in Turkey.

Rosenberg, Texas

Rosenberg is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Rosenburg has a total area of 37.42 square miles.

Stafford, Texas

Stafford is a city in Fort Bend and Harris counties in the state of Texas.

Fulshear, Texas

Fulshear is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Kendleton, Texas

Kendleton is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Orchard, Texas

Orchard is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Simonton, Texas

Simonton is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Weston Lakes, Texas

Weston Lakes is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States.

Brookside Village, Texas

Brookside Village is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.

Iowa Colony, Texas

Iowa Colony is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.

Liverpool, Texas

Liverpool is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.

Richwood, Texas

Richwood is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.

Sandy Point, Texas

Sandy Point is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.

Sweeny, Texas

Sweeny is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.

Bardwell, Texas

Bardwell is a city in Ellis County, Texas, United States.

Maypearl, Texas

Maypearl is a city in Ellis County, Texas, United States.

Oak Leaf, Texas

Oak Leaf is a city in Ellis County, Texas, United States.

Pecan Hill, Texas

Pecan Hill is a city in Ellis County, Texas, United States.

Red Oak, Texas

Red Oak is a city in Ellis County, Texas, United States.

Organocatalysis

In organic chemistry, organocatalysis is a form of catalysis where the rate of a chemical reaction grows by an organic catalyst. They are made up of carbon, hydrogen, sulfur and other nonmetal elements found in organic compounds. 

Organic chemists David MacMillan and Benjamin List both won the 2021 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their work on asymmetric organocatalysis.

Maplewood, Minnesota

Maplewood is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

2021 UEFA Nations League Finals

The 2021 UEFA Nations League Finals is the final tournament of the 2020–21 edition of the UEFA Nations League. The tournament is being held in Italy from 6 to 10 October 2021. The tournament has two semi-finals, a third place play-off and final to determine the champions of the UEFA Nations League.

Portugal were the defending champions. They won the first 2019 finals. However, they failed to qualify for the 2021 finals after finishing second in their group behind France.

Mounds View, Minnesota

Mounds View is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Archie, Missouri

Archie is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Benjamin List

Benjamin List (born 11 January 1968), also known as Ben List, is a German chemist. He is the director of the Max Planck Institute for Coal Research and professor of organic chemistry at the University of Cologne. He helped create organocatalysis. He shared the 2021 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with David MacMillan.

David MacMillan

David William Cross MacMillan (born March 16, 1968) is a Scottish-American chemist. He is the James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor of Chemistry at Princeton University. He shared the 2021 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Benjamin List for his work on organocatalysis.

Cynthia Harris

Cynthia Lee Harris (August 9, 1934 – October 3, 2021) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in the television series "Edward & Mrs. Simpson" and the sitcom "Mad About You". She also appeared in the 1987 comedy movie "Three Men and a Baby". Harris was born in New York City.

Harris died on October 3, 2021 in New York City, aged 87.

Gangsta's Paradise

"Gangsta's Paradise" is a song by American rapper Coolio. The song was released on Coolio's album of the same name, as well as the soundtrack for the 1995 movie "Dangerous Minds". 

The song was listed at number 85 on "Billboard"s Greatest Songs of All Time and was the number one biggest-selling single of 1995 on U.S. "Billboard". In 2008, it was ranked number 38 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop. 

Coolio was awarded a Grammy for Best Rap Solo Performance, two MTV Video Music Awards for Best Rap Video and Best Video from a Film and a "Billboard" Music Award for the song/album. 

Mallory Jansen

Mallory Jansen (born 18 June 1989) is an Australian actress. She co-starred as Madalena in the ABC series "Galavant". She starred in the ABC Family sitcoms "Baby Daddy" and "Young & Hungry".

Gerald Home

Gerald Home (October 18, 1950 – 6 October 2021) was a British actor. He was best known for playing Tessek-Squid Head and the Mon Calamari Officer Captain Verrack in "Return of the Jedi". He was also a puppeteer and worked on "Little Shop of Horrors".

Home died from liver cancer in October 2021, at the age of 70.

RTS,S

RTS,S is a malaria vaccine. It is the world's first licensed malaria vaccine and also the first vaccine licensed for use against a human parasitic disease of any kind.

Its efficacy ranges from 26 to 50% in infants and young children.

In October 2021, the vaccine was supported by the World Health Organization for large use in children, making it the first malaria vaccine candidate, and first vaccine to fight against the parasitic infection, to receive this recommendation.

Matti Puhakka

Matti Juhani Puhakka (7 February 1945 – 6 October 2021) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Social Democrats. Pukakka was born in Eno, Finland.

He was Finland's Minister of Transport from 1983 until 1984 and Minister of Social Affairs and Health from 1984 until 1987. He was the Minister of Labor from 1987 until 1991. He was elected to the Finnish Parliament two times: 1975-1991 and 1995–1996.

He died on 6 October 2021, at the age of 76.

Tomas Norström

Stig Tomas Norström (23 May 1956 – 3 October 2021) was a Swedish actor and movie director. He also recorded audiobooks. He was known for his roles in "The Hunters", "Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg" and "The White Viking". Norström was born in Stockholm, Sweden.

Norström died in Stockholm on 3 October 2021 of brain cancer, aged 65.

Eno, Finland

Eno was a municipality of Finland. It is located in the province of Eastern Finland and is part of the North Karelia region. 6,764 people lived here in 2006. 

Eno merged with Joensuu on January 1, 2009.

List of Peacock original programming

Peacock is an American over-the-top subscription video on demand streaming service owned and operated by NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. The full service launched on July 15, 2020. Early availability began on April 15, 2020 for Xfinity Flex customers, followed by X1 customers by May 1.

WKSC-FM

WKSC-FM is a radio station in Chicago that broadcasting a Top-40/CHR

Lake Maxinkuckee

Lake Maxinkuckee is a lake in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is the second largest lake in the state. The town of Culver in Marshall County is by the lake. Culver Academies is on the north edge of Lake Maxincuckee. The first people to find the lake were Mound Builders, later becoming the Potawatomi.

The word Maxinkuckee comes from the Potawatomi word Mog-sin-kee-ki. This means "Big Stone Country".

The Climax

The Climax is a 1944 American horror movie directed by George Waggner and was based on the 1909 play of the same name by Edward Locke. It stars Boris Karloff, Susanna Foster, Turhan Bey, Gale Sondergaard, Thomas Gomez, June Vincent, George Dolenz, Lotte Stein, Francis Ford and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1945.


List of Japanese manga publishers

Japanese Anime and Manga Companies.

Subaru Outback

The Subaru Outback, also sold as Subaru Legacy Outback is a type of car. The Japanese automaker Subaru uses this name for two different cars: a Legacy-based station wagon called the Outback (1994–present) and an Impreza-derived car with a rear opening instead of a trunk, called the Outback Sport (1994–2011).

Volvo FH

The Volvo FH is a heavy duty truck made by Volvo in 1993 in . Replacing the aging . FH means Forward Control High Entry. It won the 1994, 2000, and 2014 . There are 2 variants which is the FH12 and FH16.

The Volvo FH has some safety features here are some of the Features:


Central Philippine University

Central Philippine University is a non-stock, non-profit Christian Institution of higher learning. The University is also a member of the Association of Christian Schools, Colleges and Universities (ACSU) and the Association of Christian Universities and Colleges in Asia.
Blagnac

Blagnac is a commune in the Haute-Garonne Department the city Located in southwestern France


Groton, Connecticut

Groton is a town in Connecticut. Groton is next to Mystic, Norwich and New London. The town is in New London County in the southeast and coast areas of Connecticut. Groton is next to the Rhode Island state line. It is across the line from Westerly and Watch Hill.

38,222 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census. Eight years before that, Groton about 40,000 people lived there. 

Groton was founded in 1705. That year, it separated from New London, Connecticut. The town was named after Groton, Suffolk in England. A hundred years before it was established, the Niantic people settled in the area between the Thames River and Pawcatuck River. They eventually settled, however, in Westerly, Rhode Island. The new people to the land were the Pequots. The latter were a branch of the Mohawk people. The Pequots people moved eastward into the Connecticut River Valley.

The summer of 1614 was the first time that the Pequots met white settlers. They started trading furs for the settlers' goods. Those included steel knives, needles and boots. In 1633, the Dutch bought land from them (the Pequots). The earlier then opened a fur trading post. Meanwhile (at the same time), the English bought land for settlement from the local tribes. The Dutch had unintentionally killed the Pequots' chief. This led to revenge by the Pequot tribe, and this escalated into the Pequot War (1636–38). On the night of May 26, 1637, the Colonial forces arrived outside the Pequot village near the Mystic River. The palisade surrounding the village had only two exits. Their leader, Colonel John Mason, gave the order to set the village on fire and block off the exits. Those who tried climbing over the palisade were shot. Those who succeeded in getting over were killed by the Narragansett forces.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and , or 31.47%, is water.


Other minor communities and geographical areas are Bluff Point, Eastern Point, Esker Point, Jupiter Point, Mumford Cove and West Pleasant Valley.

Groton has a humid continental climate ("Dfb").

Shirley (TV series)

Shirley is an American comedy-drama television series that aired for 13 episodes in 1979 to 1980. It aired on NBC and starring Shirley Jones, Patrick Wayne, Peter Barton, Rosanna Arquette, Tracey Gold, John McIntire, Ann Doran.


Newhart

Newhart is an American sitcom series that aired on CBS from 1982 to 1990. It stars Bob Newhart, Mary Frann, Julia Duffy, Jennifer Holmes, Tom Poston, Steven Kampmann, William Sanderson, Peter Scolari, Linda Carlson.


NIK (band)

NIK (; short for Nippon and Korea, also known as New Inspire Kindle) is a Japanese-South Korean boy band formed through the global idol project G-EGG. The group consisted of 11 Japanese and Korean members: Gunmin, Hyeonsu, Fumiya, Ryuta, Yunsol, Taehoon, Kogun, Ryo, Parkha, Taichi and Hinata. The members are former Idol boy band members and current boy band members. The final line up was revealed on August 29, 2020. They officially debuted in Korea on September 27, 2021, with the single “Santa Monica”.

Mrs. G. Goes to College

Mrs. G. Goes to College is an American sitcom that ran for 26 episodes on CBS in 1961 to 1962. It stars Gertrude Berg, Cedric Hardwicke, Mary Wickles, Marion Ross, Aneta Corsaut, Karyn Kupcinet and was nominated for 2 Emmys in 1962.

Phrynomedusa marginata

The bicolored leaf frog ("Phrynomedusa marginata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 600 and 800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees in rainforests on the Atlantic side (east side) of the country. It lives where branches of the trees come together like a roof. The female frog lays eggs in cracks in the rock over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water below.

Scientists say this frog is in big danger of dying out. After the fungal disease chytridiomycosis came to its home in the 1980s or 1990s, many of the frogs died. The population has not become larger again. The frog is also in danger from human beings cutting down the forests to build farms and towns and make places for animals to eat grass. Scientists say that if they find the frog again, they should catch it and take it somewhere else to lay eggs.

Scientists thought there were more of this frog than there really were. They now say those other frogs were another species, "Phrynomedusa dryade".

HHVM

HipHop Virtual Machine (HHVM) is an open-source virtual machine based on just-in-time (JIT) compilation that serves as an execution engine for the Hack programming language and used to support PHP execution before the release of HHVM version 4. By using the principle of JIT compilation, Hack code is first transformed into intermediate HipHop bytecode (HHBC), which is then dynamically translated into x86-64 machine code, optimized, and natively executed. This contrasts with PHP's usual interpreted execution, in which the Zend Engine transforms PHP source code into opcodes that serve as a form of bytecode, and executes the opcodes directly on the Zend Engine's virtual CPU.

HHVM is developed by Facebook, with the project's source code hosted on GitHub; it is licensed under the terms of the PHP License and Zend License.

Sultanate of Women

The Sultanate of Women (Turkish: "Kadınlar saltanatı") was a period when wives and mothers of the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire had great influence. This happened between the years 1533 and 1656. This included the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent. He was married to Hürrem Sultan (also known as Roxelana). 

Many of these women were slaves, as traditional marriage was thought too big a risk for the Sultan. The Sultan was expected to have no personal allegiances outside his title. During this time, sultanas held political and social power. This allowed them to influence the daily running of the empire, and request the construction of buildings, and philanthropic works. An example of this is the Valide Sultan Mosque.  

PowerA

PowerA is an American video game maker located in Woodinville, Washington. The company is most known for its MOGA line of controllers. ACCO Brands bought the company on December 17, 2020 for $340 Million.

The original MOGA controller released on October 21, 2012. It connects to Android phones via Bluetooth and can hold any phone up to 3.2 inches wide through its MOGA Arm, a phone grip.

User can found and install MOGA-optimized apps through the MOGA Pivot app. It is powered by two triple-A batteries.

On April 15, 2013, The MOGA Pro presented a new design with an added D-pad and four shoulder buttons. It looks similar to the Xbox 360 controller. The battery system was updated to an internal USB rechargeable battery. 

On October 28, 2013 the company said about releaseThe MOGA Hero Power. The button scheme was made smaller and more portable. Also, the company gave ability to charge your phone while playing added, due to a built-in 1800 mAh internal battery, deemed MOGA Boost Technology. 

The MOGA Pro Power was released November 4, 2013. The design was similar to the original MOGA Pro. The main difference was the added built-in phone charger. 

PowerA released the MOGA Ace on December 6, 2014 for entering into the iOS market. It expands from the middle, allowing for select iDevices to be placed in the center, with controls on each side. Like the other recent models, it allows charging while gaming. Due to the built-in Apple Lightning charging port, it only supports the iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, and IPod Touch (5th generation). 

Subor

Subor Culture Development Co., Ltd. is a Chinese electronics company. The main office is located in Guangdong.

Subor was known for making a clone of the Famicom (Nintendo Entertainment System), known as the Subor Video Game System. The device was called educational because some people don't like the idea of using the device for recreational reasons. Jackie Chan is a spokesperson for the company.

The console was popular in the 1980s and 1990s. It was a reason for a ban on console games from 2000 to 2015. The company later specialized in other electronic products, such as dictionaries. In 2018, the company demonstrated a new video game system, the Subor Z+. It also invested money into virtual reality devices.

In 2019, Karen Chiu said that Chinese people who played video games as children had nostalgia for the Subor Video Game System that is similar to the nostalgia in Western countries for the actual consoles.

The company went bankrupt in 2020 for a "high consumption" of a some people from the company's head office.

1968 Ballon d'Or

The 1968 Ballon d'Or was the 13th Ballon d'Or awarded. It was awarded to Manchester United winger George Best.

Super Rare Games

Super Rare Games Limited is a video game publisher and distributor from London, England. The company makes limited print games for the Nintendo Switch. George Perkins created Super Rare Games; it's currently led by George Perkins, Ryan Brown, Stuart Townsend, Verity Murphy and Lindsey Reed.

Each game of Super Rare Games is only printed once with a hard limit on number of copies produced. New games are announced once a month.

On 27 March 2019, Perkins announced a plan to increase the amount of copies per release "from 3-4,000 to 4-6,000k" for the remaining titles in 2019.

Meena Harris

Meenakshi Ashley Harris (born October 20, 1984) is an American lawyer, children's book author, producer, and founder of the Phenomenal Woman Action Campaign, which creates statement fashion to support charity. In June 2020, Harris released her first book from HarperCollins, entitled "Kamala and Maya's Big Idea", which is based on the story of her mother, Maya Harris, and aunt, Kamala Harris, the 49th Vice President of the United States.

She was born on October 20, 1984. Her mother, Maya, is a lawyer and policy expert. Her aunt, Kamala Harris, is the Vice President of the United States. Her grandmother, Shyamala Gopalan, was an Indian-American cancer researcher and civil rights activist, and her grandfather, Donald Harris, is a Jamaican-American professor of economics at Stanford and a civil rights activist.

Harris received her bachelor's degree from Stanford University in 2006, and her Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 2012. She graduated from Bishop O'Dowd High School in Oakland.

She founded "Phenomenal" in 2017, naming her fashion company for a 1978 Maya Angelou poem. It then branched out to include the Phenomenal Woman Action Campaign, founded in 2017 as an organization that brings awareness to social causes. The campaign covers a range of policy issues, including educational excellence and healthcare equity, criminal justice reform, gender parity in STEM, reproductive health, and political representation. Ambassadors for the campaign include Serena Williams, Jessica Alba, Mark Ruffalo, Tracee Ellis Ross, Viola Davis, Yara Shahidi, Janelle Monae, Sarah Silverman, Debbie Allen, Rosario Dawson, Van Jones, Lizzo, Cecile Richards, and more. In September 2018, Harris also coordinated a full-page ad in the "New York Times" with Alicia Garza, founder of the Black Lives Matter Global Network, to demonstrate national support for Christine Blasey Ford and survivors of sexual assault. Harris also operates Phenomenal Media for written content and Phenomenal Productions for videos and visual content. In December 2020, it was announced that she and Brad Jenkins would launch a production studio called Phenomenal Productions.

In 2020, Harris released her first children's book from HarperCollins entitled "Kamala and Maya's Big Idea", which is based on the real story of her mother, Maya Harris, and aunt Kamala Harris. On January 19, 2021, she released her second children's book, "Ambitious Girl".

During Kamala Harris's successful 2016 campaign for the U.S. Senate, Harris served as a senior advisor on policy and communications. From 2016 to 2017, Harris served as a commissioner on the San Francisco Commission on the Status of Women.

Harris is married to Nikolas Ajagu. They have two daughters, Amara and Leela.

Mad Atom Games

Mad Atom is a game development studio founded in October 2011. It is located in Brighton, United Kingdom. Ex-employees of Disney's Black Rock Studio founded Mad Atom in June 2011.

Monkey Slam was the studio's first title. It was released on 6 September 2012 on iOS and published by Chillingo. Mad Atom worked with Boss Alien for creating the Mac version of CSR Racing. CSR Classics released in October 2013 on iOS and was developed by Boss Alien and published by NaturalMotion Games. CSR Classics has similar game mechanics to its sister title, but has classic race cars from the 1950s to the 1970s.

Company stopped to work in 2019.

Azartash Azarnoush

Azartash Azarnoush (, 18 February 1938 – 7 October 2021) was an Iranian linguist and scholar. He was born in Qom. His works focused in Arabic literature. Azarnoush worked for Imam Sadeq University and Tarbiat Modarres University. He was the director of the Arabic department of The Center for the Great Islamic Encyclopedia in Tehran, beginning in 1986. 


Ted Venetoulis

Theodore G. "Ted" Venetoulis (June 14, 1934 – October 7, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the sixth Baltimore County Executive from 1974 to 1978. He ran for Governor of Maryland in 1978 but lost the Democratic primary election to Harry Hughes.

Venetoulis died on October 7, 2021 at the age of 87.

PingAn

Ping An Insurance, also known as Ping An of China, full name Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd., is a Chinese holding conglomerate whose subsidiaries mainly deal with insurance, banking, asset management, financial services, healthcare, auto services and smartcity. The company was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Shenzhen. "Ping An" literally means "safe and well".

Ping An ranked 7th on the Forbes Global 2000 list and 21st on the Fortune Global 500 list.
The company is considered to be China's biggest insurer, with US$110 billion in net premiums written in 2019. Its market capitalization is at US$217 billion in March 2021, making it the largest insurer in Asia-Pacific.

Ping An Insurance is one of the top 50 companies in the Shanghai Stock Exchange. It is also a constituent stock of Hang Seng Index, an index of the top 50 companies in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ping An Insurance was also included in the pan-China stock indices CSI 300 Index, FTSE China A50 Index and Hang Seng China 50 Index.

Ping An Insurance has been selected for the 2019 Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index (DJSI). It was the first insurance company from mainland China to be selected on the index. Ping An is a signatory of the United Nations-supported Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), and was the first asset owner in mainland China to join.

Ping An Insurance consistently ranks as the world's top global insurance brand, and as of 2020, was the most valuable global financial brand in the world.

Abdulrazak Gurnah

Abdulrazak Gurnah (born 20 December 1948) is a Tanzanian-born British novelist. He moved to the United Kingdom as a refugee in the 1960s. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2021. Most of his novels talked about colonialism and its impact on refugees.

2021 Balochistan earthquake

An earthquake hit Pakistan's Balochistan province near the city of Harnai on 7 October 2021. The moment magnitude was 5.9 . It killed at least 23 and injuring 300. The earthquake happened a day before the anniversary of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.

Ladislaus Löb

Ladislaus Löb (8 May 1933 – 2 October 2021) was a Romanian-Swiss Germanist and Holocaust survivor. He was the Professor Emeritus of German at the University of Sussex in England. He wrote "From Lessing to Hauptmann: Studies in German Drama" (1974) and "Christian Dietrich Grabbe" (1996).

Löb is also known for having been a passenger, when he was 11 years old, on the Kastner train during the Holocaust.

University of Sussex

The University of Sussex is a public research university. It is in Falmer, East Sussex, England. Its large campus site is surrounded by the South Downs National Park. It is around from central Brighton. The University received its Royal Charter in August 1961.

Juozas Žemaitis

Juozas Žemaitis (30 August 1926 – 5 October 2021) was a Lithuanian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Šakiai District Municipality, Lithuania. He became a priest in 1949. In 1991, Pope John Paul II made Žemaitis the Bishop of Vilkaviškis. He retired from the role in 2002.

Žemaitis died on 5 October 2021 in Marijampolė, Lithuania at the age of 95.

Šakiai District Municipality

Šakiai District Municipality is one of 60 cities in Lithuania. Before during the Congress Poland, the area was known as Vladislavov.

Valeriano Martínez

Valeriano Martínez García (1961 – 6 October 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the People's Party of Galicia. He was Minister of Finance of Galicia from 2015 to 2021 and was a member of the Parliament of Galicia from 2016 to 2017. He was born in Cangas, Spain.

Martínez died on 6 October 2021 from cardiac arrest in Santiago de Compostela, Spain.

Parliament of Galicia

The Parliament of Galicia () is the unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It is formed by 75 deputies ().


Cangas, Pontevedra

Cangas, also known as Cangas do Morrazo, is a seaside resort in Galicia, Spain. It is both a town and municipality in the province of Pontevedra.

Xunta de Galicia

The Xunta de Galicia (; "Regional Government of Galicia") is a decision-making body of the government of the autonomous community of Galicia. It has the President, the Vice-President(s) and the cabinet ministers ("Conselleiros").

President of the Regional Government of Galicia

The President of the Regional Government of Galicia (, ), is the head of government of Galicia. The president is in charge of the executive branch of the regional government.

Governments:

Andrea Radrizzani

Andrea Radrizzani (born 10 September 1974) is an Italian businessman and the majority owner of Premier League club Leeds United. He is also the chairman and founder of the sports broadcasting group Eleven Sports.

Radrizzani was born in Rho, a metropolitan area of Milan. He graduated with a degree in public relations from IULM University in 1996.

Watch Hill, Rhode Island

Watch Hill is a wealthy coastal village and also census-designated place (CDP). The village is part of Westerly, Rhode Island. At the 2020 United States Census, Watch Hill had 212 people living there. The village is set at the most-southwest point in all of Rhode Island. The village became very important in the 19th and 20th centuries as a major summer resort. It had rich families building sprawling (spread-out) Victorian style cottages near the southwest tips of Rhode Island. Watch Hill was called by "the New York Times" as a community "with a strong sense of privacy and of discreetly used wealth."

The area was occupied by Niantic Indians in the 17th century, led by Harman Garrett. Colonists used the hill as an important lookout point during the French and Indian War and the Revolutionary War, hence the community's name. Some landmarks in the village include the Watch Hill Lighthouse, the first of which was built in 1745; 1880s The Flying Horse Carousel, the oldest operating suspended-horse carousel in the United States and a National Historic Landmark; the Ocean House hotel; and the 1916 Olympia Tea Room.

One point of interest in Watch Hill is the ruins of Fort Mansfield. The ruins are an old coastal artillery post at the very end of Napatree Point. It was one of a series of such forts. They were constructed to guard the eastern entrance to Long Island Sound as part of the coastal defense network for New York City during the Spanish–American War. It was in operation between 1901 and 1909. Then it was closed down over the course of several years. The land was sold in 1926. All the government structures were torn down in winter 1928–29. The three concrete gun emplacements were left behind. They remain there as of October 2021. They usually offer tunnels and underground rooms to explore. Occasionally at low tide, some remains can be seen of the Battery Connell.

Fort Road connected Watch Hill to Fort Mansfield. The New England Hurricane of 1938, though, wiped it out. The storm also destroyed 39 houses, the Yacht and Beach Clubs and a bathing pavilion. Fifteen people were killed. Others survived by clinging to wreckage when they were swept across the bay to Connecticut. Several breachways were created in Napatree Point after the hurricane passed. To this day, Sandy Point remains an island, not a northern extension of Napatree. The shortened Napatree Point is now a barrier beach without any roads or houses. It is open to the public. Napatree Point offers bird watching and surf casting.

Watch Hill is at the most southwest area of Rhode Island. It lies on a stubby peninsula that extends to Block Island Sound. It includes a smaller peninsula known as Napatree Point. Napatree is a -long sandy spit. It extends west from the Watch Hill business district, and Sandy Point. The latter was once attached to Napatree Point. Both Napatree and Sandy Point shelter Little Narragansett Bay. They have made Watch Hill a popular harbor around which the business district has grown.

Watch Hill is a two-hour drive from Boston. The place is also a three-hour drive from New York City. On clear days, there are views of Montauk, New York to the south and Block Island, Rhode Island to the southeast.

According to "The New York Times", Watch Hill was historically home to "a select group of wealthy families." Their lives happened around "golf and tennis at the Misquamicut Club, bathing and yachting at the Watch Hill Yacht Club, and tea and cocktails at Ocean House and Watch Hill's other grand hotels." Rich families built sprawling Victorian-style "cottages" along the peninsula. The village was known as "a somewhat staid and family-oriented community" compared to glittering Newport. The latter was Rhode Island's other, more famous summer colony. Famous guests to the seaside resort included Albert Einstein, Douglas Fairbanks, Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Groucho Marx, David Niven and Jean Harlow.

For several generations, the community has maintained its "old-money summer colony" atmosphere. This was even as traditional summer communities have developed, namely Nantucket, Martha's Vineyard and the Hamptons. New England traditions are evident in the popular hobbies of its local people. These include golf, sailing, tennis and the "privacy-loving multigenerational families tucked into century-old shingled houses." Many of these are passed down in families for several generations. "The New York Times" notes that "Watch Hill impresses visitors with a strong sense of privacy and of discreetly used wealth—the rambling, old-fashioned, turreted and ginger-breaded Victorian summer houses with piazzas and softly rolling lawns have little in common with the overpowering castles of the very rich in Newport, a place rarely mentioned in Watch Hill even though it is barely 30 miles distant."

The waterfront was once lined with huge Victorian hotels. However, fire and hurricanes destroyed almost all during the 20th century. The two remaining hotels are the Ocean House and the Watch Hill Inn. Both went through major remodels during the 2000s. The Ocean House was originally opened in 1868. it was torn down in 2005, then completely rebuilt and reopened in 2010. The Ocean House today contains both hotel rooms and condominiums. It is the only Forbes Five-Star and AAA Five Diamond Hotel in Rhode Island It was described by "The New York Times" as a place which "conjures up another age, when women wore white gloves to tea and golf was a newfangled pastime." Celebrities have stayed for holidays at this hotel. Those include Hugh Jackman and Regis Philbin.

The village is listed as a census-designated place. The Watch Hill Historic District is a historic district in the village. It is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is a state-charted Fire District (1901). This means the Watch Hill area is authorized to tax residents to fund their volunteer fire department. The bulk of property taxes, however, go to the town to fund municipal services and schools.

Well-known present and former local people of Watch Hill include: 

Emilio Pérez Touriño

Emilio Pérez Touriño (; born 8 August 1948) is a Spanish politician and economist. He is the former secretary general of the Socialists' Party of Galicia. From August 2005 to March 2009, he was the president of the autonomous community of Galicia (Spain).

Sara Duterte

Sara Zimmerman Duterte-Carpio (; May 31, 1978), commonly known as Inday Sara, is a Filipina lawyer and politician who is the Vice President of the Philippines since 2022. She was the Mayor of Davao City from 2016 until 2022. She also was the city mayor from June 30, 2010, until June 30, 2013. She is the daughter of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte.

With her father retiring from politics, Duterte was seen as a possible candidate for either President of the Philippines or Vice President of the Philippines in the 2022 election. In November 2021, she announced her candidacy as vice president. She was supported by the Partido Federal ng Pilipinas as their vice presidential candidate, making her the running mate of former Senator Bongbong Marcos.

Duterte was elected vice president in May 2022 in a landslide victory.

On May 11, 2022, Marcos announced that Duterte agreed to join his future cabinet as Department of Education secretary.

On October 9, 2021, Duterte tested positive for COVID-19.

On March 10, 2022, she talked about her sexuality and said she was part of the LGBT community, with her gender expression being male and sexuality being female.

In April 2018, Duterte said that she was once a rape victim, in response to her father's comments about rape. However, her father ignored her comment and called her a "drama queen".

Hadia Tajik

Hadia Tajik (born 18 July 1983) is a Norwegian lawyer, journalist and politician. She was a minister in the cabinet of Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre as Minister of Labour, Social Inclusion and Intergration (2021-2023).

She is a member of the Labour Party. She was Minister of Culture from 2012 to 2013. She was 29 years of age at the time and became the youngest minister to serve in the Norwegian government. 

She is the first Muslim member of government. Tajik has been a Member of the Norwegian Parliament since 2009.

Sinovac Biotech

Sinovac Biotech Ltd. (, ) is a Chinese biopharmaceutical company. They focus on the research, creation and selling of vaccines that protect against human infectious diseases. The company is based in Haidian District, Beijing in China. 

Collierville Kroger shooting

On September 23, 2021, a mass shooting happened at a Kroger grocery store in Collierville, Tennessee, United States. One person was killed and 13 others were injured. The shooter, 29-year-old Uk Thang, shot himself and later died.

Thang was working at the store as a vendor. 

It was the second shooting in less than a year at a store owned by Kroger. The first shooting was at a King Soopers store in Boulder, Colorado, in March.

Collierville, Tennessee

Collierville is a town in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States. It is a suburb of Memphis. 51,324 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Smörgåsbord

Smörgåsbord () is a type of Scandinavian meal. It comes from Sweden. It is a buffet-style meal with multiple hot and cold dishes.

Smörgåsbord became well known at the 1939 New York World's Fair. It is usually a meal for celebrations.

Jorge Coscia

Jorge Edmundo Coscia (26 August 1952 – 7 October 2021) was an Argentine movie director, screenwriter and politician. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was a member of the Justicialist Party. His best known movies were "El general y la fiebre", "Chorros" and "Luca vive".

Coscia was a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies. He was an ally of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. He was the Secretary of Culture from 2009 until 2014.

Coscia died on 7 October 2021 in Buenos Aires after a long-illness, aged 68.

Justicialist Party

The Justicialist Party (, ; abbr. PJ) is a major political party in Argentina. It is the largest branch that supports Peronism.

Current president Alberto Fernández is a member of the Justicialist Party. Former presidents Juan Domingo Perón, Héctor Cámpora, Raúl Lastiri, Isabel Perón, Carlos Menem, Ramón Puerta, Adolfo Rodríguez Saá, Eduardo Camaño, Eduardo Duhalde, Néstor Kirchner, and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner were members too. 

Justicialists have been the largest party in Congress since 1987.

Many members of this party however support Kirchnerism, the left-wing populist section of the party, and is critical of Peronism.

Kirchnerism

Kirchnerism ( ) is an Argentine political movement which supports the populist ideals of Néstor Kirchner and his wife Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, both of which were Presidents of Argentina. At first it was seen as part of Peronism, Kirchenists do not support Peronists and identify as part of left-wing populism.

Left-wing populism

Left-wing populism, also called social populism, is a political ideology that is a combination of left-wing politics with populist. They believe in anti-elitism, are against the Establishment and speak for the "common people". 

They support ideas that are economic democracy, social justice, and anti-globalization.

They are also against capitalism and military intervention.

Big Sky (American TV series)

Big sky is an ABC television series based on the book "The Highway" series of books by C. J. Box, The Series Aired On November 17, 2020 And Renewed for a Second Season In May 2021. The show was announced January 2020 for the pilot order the show first previewed In May 2020
Ronee Blakley

Ronee Sue Blakley (born August 24, 1945) is an American actress, singer-songwriter, composer, producer and director. She is known for her role as Barbara Jean in Robert Altman's 1975 movie "Nashville". She was nominated for an Academy Award for this role. She also played Marge Thompson in Wes Craven's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984).


Cleveland, Missouri

Cleveland is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Creighton, Missouri

Creighton is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

East Lynne, Missouri

East Lynne is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Freeman, Missouri

Freeman is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Garden City, Missouri

Garden City is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Naugatuck, Connecticut

Naugatuck is a borough and town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The town is on both sides of the Naugatuck River and is just south of Waterbury. As of the 2020 census, Naugatuck had a population of 31,519.

Félix Ulloa

Félix Ulloa is a Salvadoran politician. He became Vice President of El Salvador in 2019.

Ulloa was born in Chinameca on April 6, 1951. His mother was Margarita Garay and father was Félix Ulloa Sr known as the Martyr Rector of the University of El Salvador, Doctor Cum Laude in Law.

Ulloa obtained his law degree from the Complutense University of Madrid, Spain, in 1979. He completed his postgraduate studies in Public Policy and Public Administration at the Institute International Administration Publique in Paris, France, and at the “Hubert H. Humphrey” Institute of Public Affairs, University of Minnesota, United States. 

Ulloa has a postgraduate degree in banking and finance from the Technological University of El Salvador.

In his youth, and as a law student, Ulloa actively participated in the university student movement. He was president of the Student Electoral Tribunal of the General Association of Salvadoran University Students , in 1973. He also participated in the trade union movement as a leader of the Union of Workers of the Salvadoran Social Security Institute. A committed promoter of human rights, he was a defender of political prisoners during the armed conflict in his capacity as a lawyer for the National Union of Salvadoran Workers. During this period, together with other young lawyers and law students, he founded the Institute of Legal Studies of El Salvador (IEJES), of which he has been president on several occasions. From the IEJES he promoted the defense of the rule of law, democratic freedoms and social justice, which generated an alternative option to the exercise of traditional law in El Salvador, which was silent in the face of the atrocities committed by the military dictatorship in those years. Likewise, with his publications and international conferences, he filled a void in the legal, political and academic debate.

Ulloa has 3 children and all of them are married.


The Crimson Ghost

The Crimson Ghost is a 1946 American adventure serial movie directed by William Witney and starring Charles Quigley, Linda Stirling, Clayton Moore, I. Stanford Jolley, Kenne Duncan, Forrest Taylor, Emmett Vogan. It was distributed by Repubic Pictures.


New Shoreham, Rhode Island

New Shoreham is a town off the coast of Rhode Island. New Shoreham is in Washington County, Rhode Island. It extends over exactly the same area as Block Island. The town was settled in 1637. It was later incorporated in 1672. It was named for Shoreham, Kent in England. At the 2020 United States Census, there were 1,410 people living in New Shoreham. The place is the most southern in Rhode Island and the state's Washington County.

On September 21, 1938 a very strong hurricane (either category three or four) brought a storm surge onto Block Island. Two fishermen were killed by strong waves that hit Block Island. Winds, however, caused the most damage. Those winds were 91 miles per hour when the hurricane affected Block Island. Almost sixteen years later, in late August 1954, Hurricane Carol moved across eastern New England. Although not anywhere as deadly as the 1938 violent storm, Carol caused more damage. That tropical cyclones' name was permanently retired due to damage when it ran through New England. On August 19, 1991, Hurricane Bob crossed eastern New England. Bob's path was mostly similar to Carol's. The storm ran across Block Island before it moved into New England. Though Bob was category 2, it was more damaging than either Carol or the 1938 hurricane. Bob's damage was almost $1.5 billion.

Leave All Fair

Leave All Fair is a 1985 New Zealand French drama movie directed by John Reid and starring John Gielgud, Jane Birkin, Féodor Atkine, Simon Ward, Maurice Chevit, Mireille Alcantara.

Shikotsu-Tōya National Park

Shikotsu-Tōya National Park (In Japanese:支笏洞爺国立公園, Shikotsu Tōya kokuritsu Kōen) is a national Park that is in the western part of the island of Hokkaidō in Japan. The total area is estimated to be 993.02 Square Kilometres.


Teikō Shiotani

Teikō Shiotani (, Shiotani Teiko, 1899-1988) was a photographer who worked near Tottori in the late 1920s and early 1930s. He was a notable Japanese figure in photography. As time passed, ideals and fashions of photography changed and his work in this field was almost entirely forgotten in Japan after war until his works attracted interest because of a book in 1975 devoted to his work. He later became known outside Japan with the help of an exhibition of Japanese photography that travelled around Europe from 1979 to 1982.



The list is some of the Selected Exhibitions.




Yoasobi

Yoasobi is a Japanese music band from Japan. They have Ayase, a Vocaloid producer, and Ikura, a singer-songwriter in the band. They have created songs based on short stories that are shared on the Monogatari website.

Their debut single, ""Yoru ni Kakeru"" was a massive success in Japan. It topped the charts for six consecutive weeks and earned a spot on the Billboard rankings in 2020. Their Yoasobi EP ("The Book") was also a hit in 2021, reaching number two on both the Oricon Albums and Billboard Japan Hot Albums charts. This solidified their place in the Japanese music industry.

The name "Yoasobi" comes from the Japanese word "夜遊び" meaning "night life". Ayase says that he named it as a wish that he could take on numerous playful challenges.

Both members of Yoasobi had active music careers before making the group. Ayase posted his first song to the video hosting website niconico and became popular in 23 November 2019 with his song ""Last Resort"". He released his debut extended play Ghost City Tokyo (, Yūrei Tōkyō). The song reached third on the ITunes album chart. Lilas Ikuta (, Ikuta Rira) who performs under the name Ikura, had already released two extended plays. He released Rerise in 2017 and Jukebox in 2019.

They released their second single ""Ano Yume o nazotte"" on 18 January, 2020 On April 20, they released short music for their third single, ""Halzion"". It was the first time that Yoasobi worked with a professional novelist, and the song was released on 11 May. On July 20, Yoasobi released their fourth single ""Tabun"". Their fifth single ""Gunjo"" was released on 1st September. The song collaborated with a Blue Period manga. On 18 December, they released their sixth single ""Haruka"" based on Osamu Suzuki's novel.

They stopped releasing songs on 31 December 2020. They performed ""Yoru ni Kakeru"" in .

On 6 January 2021, Yoasobi released their first physical release, ""The Book"". This included six previous singles and three new songs. This release came at number two on both Oricon Albums and Billboard Japan.It was the top of Oricon Digital Albums chart for five weeks. It also received a gold certification.

Yoasobi released their seventh single, ""Kaibutsu"" on the same day of the song ""The Book"". On 20 January they opened their fan club website called Club Yoasobi (). They released an anime's ending theme song and their eighth single,""Yasashii Suisei"", Their first concert was on 14 February at the inside of a building under construction at the former area of Shinjuku Milano for an online audience of 40 thousand people.

On 24 March, they combined ""Kaibutsu"" and ""Yasashii Suisei"" and released it as a Double-CD single. It ranked number two on Oricon Singles chart.

On 10th May, they released the ninth single for Fuji Tv's Morning Show titled ""Mo sukoshi Dake"". They released ""Sangenshoku"", the tenth single for NTT Docomo's Mobile Service. The English version of ""Sangenshoku"" titled ""RGB"" was released on 16 July.

On 9th August, the released the eleventh single titled ""Loveletter"". They worked with Tokyo FM's Radio Show. that based on Natsumi's Novel Tashi Romance, which won Yoasobi Contest Vol.2 

On 1 December, Yoasobi scheduled to release their second EP, titled ""The Book 2"". This included the singles released in 2021 and the new songs for the stage "Moshi mo inochi ga kaketara" with the song of the same name. Also NHK's new Children Program series, which was titled ""Tsubame"", featured five elementary school students in a special group called Midories.

Afrikaans exonyms

Below is list of Afrikaans exonyms:






 *Čechy : "Boheme"


















Muhtar Kent

Ahmet Muhtar Kent (born December 1, 1952) is a Turkish-American business executive. He was the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of The Coca-Cola Company. He became CEO in 2008, and chairman in 2009.

In December 2016, Coca-Cola announced that Kent would retire as CEO in May 2017. He also retired as chairman in April 2019.

James Quincey

James Robert B. Quincey (born 8 January 1965) is a British businessman. He joined The Coca-Cola Company in 1996. He was later named chief operating officer (COO). He is now the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) at the company.

Eugenio Duca

Eugenio Duca (27 February 1950 – 5 October 2021) was an Italian politician. He was born in Ancona, Italy. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the Left. Between 1994 until 2006, Duca was a Member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy.

Duca died on 5 October 2021 in Ancona from a heart attack, aged 71.

Anton Polyakov

Anton Eduardovich Polyakov (11 November 1987 – 8 October 2021) was a Ukrainian politician and businessman. He was born in Chernihiv, Ukraine. Polyakov was a member of the Servant of the People Party. Between 2019 until his death, he was a member of the Verkhovna Rada.

Polyakov died on 8 October 2021 of cardiac arrest while riding a taxi in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 33.

Clement Bowman

Clement "Clem" Willis Bowman, C.M., PhD., P.Eng., HCIC, FCAE (January 7, 1930 – October 7, 2021) was a Canadian chemical engineer. He was the founding chairperson of the Alberta Oil Sands Technology and Research Authority. He was honored with the Order of Canada and the Global Energy Prize. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. From 2005 to 2015, he chaired the Energy Pathways Task Force for the Canadian Academy of Engineering.

Bowman died on October 7, 2021 in Sarnia, Ontario at the age of 91.

Santiago Guarderas

Santiago Guarderas Izquierdo (born 1962) is an Ecuadorian politician and lawyer. For a few months in 2007, he was a member of the National Congress. He is a member of Movimiento Unión Ecuatoriana. Before, he was part of the Social Christian Party.

In 2021, Guarderas became Mayor of Quito after being Vice Mayor between 2019 until 2021.

Mirtha Vásquez

Mirtha Esther Vásquez Chuquilín (born 31 March 1975) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. She is a member of the Broad Front. In October 2021, she became president of the Council of Ministers of Peru. Vásquez has been a member of the Member of Congress since March 2020.

China Daily

China Daily () is an English-language daily newspaper. They are owned by the Publicity Department of the Chinese Communist Party. It was created on 1 June 1981. Its headquarters is at Chaoyang District in Beijing. "China Daily" is the largest English-language newspaper in China.

Kohima Stone Inscription

The Kohima Stone Inscription or Gambhir Singh's Stone is a stone with writing carved into it. It was erected by King Raja Gambhir Singh (Chinglen Nongdrenkhomba) of Manipur kingdom in Kohima (), the capital of Nagaland. It was erected in 1833 AD as a mark of Manipuri conquest and supremacy over the Naga Hills in 1832 AD. It was inscribed in sanskritised Manipuri language (Meitei language) in Bengali script. Manipuri King Raja Gambhir Singh (Chinglen Nongdrenkhomba) conquered the whole Naga Hills with his military power of Manipur Levy. It was after he had finally defeated the Angami Naga tribes of Kohima that the historic testimonial stone inscription was erected.

Manipuri influence over the Naga tribes declined during a period before and after the Burmese war of 1819-25. However, it was re-asserted during the time of Raja Gambhir Singh (Chinglen Nongdrenkhomba). He reduced many tribesmen villages, including Kohima, at which he stood upon the stone and had his footprints sculpted on it as a token of conquest. Kohima and its surrounding villages were the boundaries of Manipur. The Nagas greatly respected this stone and cleaned it from time to time.

The stone is so much important that it is frequently mentioned in many land laws and orders announced by the British Government of Naga Hills. One famous example is the Order of W.J. Williamson, a British Political Agent of Naga Hills on the 19th April, 1880.

The stone inscription is notably mentioned in the "My Experiences in Manipur and the Naga hills" (1896) by Colonel Sir James Johnstone, the then Political Agent of Manipur, and the The Meitheis (1908) written by Thomas Callan Hodson, the then Political Agent of Manipur.


Point Judith, Rhode Island

Point Judith is a small village and cape (the geographical place) on the western side of Narragansett Bay. Point Judith is set in Washington County, Rhode Island. It is also on the coast of Rhode Island at Narragansett.

On September 21, 1938 a severe and very powerful major hurricane (probably Category Three or Four) affected Point Judith. Just under six years later, another powerful hurricane affected the area. The 1944 hurricane was almost Category Three when it struck New England. Hurricane Carol in late August 1954 struck across the Connecticut–Rhode Island state line as a mild Category Three hurricane. The storm caused next to $200 million in damage as it hit.

On August 19, 1991 Hurricane Bob came onto Rhode Island next to Newport and Jamestown.

In the 21st century, several very serious tropical storms headed through Rhode Island or very close to. On September 6–8, 2008 Tropical Storm Hanna moved just north of Point Judith. Thirteen years later, Tropical Storms Elsa and Henri ran across Rhode Island. These two were almost hurricanes in July (Elsa) and August (Henri) of the 2021 Atlantic hurricane season.

Dmitry Muratov

Dmitry Andreyevich Muratov (, born 30 October 1961) is a Russian journalist. He is the editor-in-chief of the Russian newspaper "Novaya Gazeta". He edited the newspaper between 1995 and 2017. He won the 2021 Nobel Peace Prize with Maria Ressa. He is known for criticizing President Vladimir Putin and his government on human rights abuses.

Novaya Gazeta

Novaya Gazeta () is a Russian political newspaper. They are known for their investigative coverage of Russian political and social affairs.

They are known for being critical of Vladimir Putin and his government over human rights violations.

Seven "Novaya Gazeta" journalists, including Yuri Shchekochikhin, Anna Politkovskaya and Anastasia Baburova, have been murdered since 2000, in connection with their investigations.

Their chief editor Dmitry Muratov won the 2021 Nobel Peace Prize.

Jerry Shipp

Jerome Franklin Shipp (September 27, 1935 – October 7, 2021) was an American basketball player. He played for the United States men's national basketball team at the 1964 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. Shipp was also a three-time Amateur Athletic Union All-American for the Phillips 66ers during the 1960s. Shipp was born in Shreveport, Louisiana.

Shipp died on October 7, 2021 at the age of 86.

Larry Brown (basketball)

Lawrence Harvey Brown (born September 14, 1940) is an American basketball coach and player. He was born in New York City. He is an assistant coach of the Memphis Tigers. 

Brown played for the Denver Rockets between 1971 until 1972. He coached the San Antonio Spurs, Detroit Pistons, New York Knicks, Charlotte Bobcats, Philadelphia 76ers, Indiana Pacers, Los Angeles Clippers and the New Jersey Nets.

Brown is the only coach in basketball history to win both an NCAA national championship (Kansas Jayhawks, 1988) and an NBA title (Detroit Pistons, 2004). He won an Olympic Gold Medal in 1964. 

Brown was honored in the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach on September 27, 2002.


West Baden Springs, Indiana

West Baden Springs is a town in French Lick Township, Orange County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 541 at the 2020 census.

French Lick Township, Orange County, Indiana

French Lick Township is one of ten townships in Orange County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 4,576. The township had about 2,227 houses.

Phasmahyla

Phasmahyla is a genus of tree frogs. They are called shining leaf frogs in English.


The Ice Pirates

The Ice Pirates is a 1984 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Stewart Raffill and starring Robert Urich, Mary Crosby, Michael D. Roberts, Anjelica Huston, Ron Perlman, Bruce Vilanch, John Carradine. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


James Brokenshire

James Peter Brokenshire (8 January 1968 – 7 October 2021) was a British politician. He was Minister of State for Security at the Home Office from 2020 to 2021. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was part of Theresa May's Cabinet as Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government from 2018 to 2019 and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2016 to 2018. 

Brokenshire was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Old Bexley and Sidcup from 2010 until his death.

In December 2017, Brokenshire was diagnosed with early-stage lung cancer. He died from the disease on 7 October 2021 at a hospital in Dartford, England at the age of 53.


Phasmahyla cochranae

The chocolatefoot leaf frog ("Phasmahyla cochranae") is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 800 and 1600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 28 to 37 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 41 to 46 mm long. The pupils of its eyes go up and down and open side to side. It does not have webbing on its front feet. This frog can change color during the day: it can be green or brick brown. It has orange, purple, or brown spots on its sides.

This frog lives by the plants near the edges of streams in forests. They do not live in large groups. Scientists usually find no more than three frogs singing together. The female frog lays eggs in folded leaves hanging above the stream. The eggs are cream-white. She lays about 32 at a time. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the stream. They stay tadpoles for about five months. They look for food at the surface of the water.

Many of the places where this frog lives are protected parks, for example Parque Estadual Nova Baden and Parque Municipal do Itapetinga. However, it still suffers from habitat loss and changes that human beings make to the places it lives. Because of damage to the ozone layer, there is more ultraviolet radiation than is good for this frog. Also, this frog suffers from habitat fragmentation: that means that even though many places the frog lives are protected, the frogs cannot move from one to another easily. Human beings cut down the forests where the frog lives to make farms, tree farms, places for animals to eat grass, and towns and cities.

Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities

The Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, also known as the communities secretary or levelling up secretary, is a secretary of state in the Government of the United Kingdom.

They are responsible for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities. They are a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom, seventh in the ministerial ranking.

Adolf Hitler Uunona

Adolf Hitler Uunona is a Namibian civil rights activist and politician. He has been a councilor and member of the South-West Africa People’s Organization since 2004. He received much attention in 2020 when he won a local election and news sources wrote about how he shared a name with Adolf Hitler, the former dictator of Nazi Germany.

Uunona joined politics as an activist and as a member of SWAPO. He was also a member of the militant organization People's Liberation Army. At the time, South Africa had a system which separated black and white people named apartheid.

He has been elected as a councillor several times since 2004 at the constituency of Ompundja in the Oshana regional council elections in year 2010 and 2015. In November 2020, he won a local election in northern Namibia with 1,196 votes, which was 85% of the vote. The other person in the election, Mumbala Abner of the IPC party got only 213 votes. Uunona continued to be the councillor of the Ompundja constituency of Namibia.

German names like “Adolf” are common in Namibia, in part because Namibia was a German colony called German South West Africa between 1884 and 1915 under the German Empire, and later a mandate of the Union of South Africa.

International news sources wrote that Uunona has the same name as Adolf Hitler, the dictator of Germany during World War II. Adolf Uunona says his father probably did name him after Adolf Hitler, but does not think his father knew who Adolf Hitler was at the time. "It wasn't until I was growing up that I realized: This man wanted to subjugate the whole world," he said. Uunona usually goes by the first name "Adolf" alone or "Adolf Uunona" while in public. He says he has no plans to change his name, since it is already on so many government documents. Uunona is known to take his name light-heartedly, saying that he has no goals of "world domination."

There are some memes about how his name is similar to the dictator Adolf Hitler. These memes generally have a picture of an article with a title like "Man named Adolf Hitler wins election in Namibia," and a caption about Uunona not being related to the Austrian German Adolf Hitler. 

SWAPO

The South West Africa People’s Organisation (, SWAPO; , SWAVO; , SWAVO), officially known as the SWAPO Party of Namibia is a political party in Namibia. It has been the most powerful party in the country since the country became independent from South Africa in 1990. It was a former independence and populist movement in South West Africa and was one of the main groups fighting in the South African Border War.

SWAPO was started on 19 April 1960. The leaders named the party to show that it represented all Namibians, but the organisation is popular among Ovambo people of northern Namibia, who are nearly half the total population of South West Africa. 
During 1962, SWAPO had became the main independence, anti-colonial organisation for the people in Namibia. SWAPO used guerrilla tactics to fight the colonial South African Defence Force. A major conflict broke out on 26 of August 1966, when a group of the South African Police and SWAPO forces shot at each other. This became the start of what became known in South Africa as the Border War.
The neighbouring country of Angola gained its independence on 11 November 1975 during the Portuguese Colonial war. The leftist Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) came to power as the main party of Angola. In March 1976, the MPLA offered SWAPO bases in Angola for launching attacks against the South African military.
Namibia gained its independence in 1990. SWAPO have since become the dominant political party of Namibia.

Neuralink

Neuralink Corporation is a company that likes to connect human brains with machines for helping people that
In 2016 Elon Musk and 7 other people created Neuralink.

In 2021 a monkey played Pong using a Neuralinked brain.
Neuralink hopes to test with a person's brain in 2023.

Willis tray

A Willis tray is a large serving tray that contains all of the items needed to reset a table for service. Table cloth, water glasses, wine glasses, napkins with silverware. The Willis tray was created by manager Tim Willis at Eddie Merlot's Prime Beef and Seafood, hence the name. 

Lordiversity

Lordiversity is an box-set from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.







Scarchives Vol. 1

Scarchives Vol. 1 is an collection from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.



Java application

Java application is a type of computer program written using Java programming language and which run on any operating system platform.. A Java application is platform independent. That is Java application written for Windows operating system also runs on Linux operating system, for example. This is also known as Write Once Compile Once and Run Anywhere.

Dreamspace

Dreamspace is the album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius.



Fourth Dimension (Stratovarius album)

Fourth Dimension is the album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius.



Ompundja Constituency

Ompundja Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It had 4,423 registered voters in 2004. The constituency councillor is SWAPO activist Adolf Hitler Uunona (sometimes called Adolf Hitler) who has been serving in this role since 2004.

Ompundja constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) party of Namibia. In the 2015 local and regional elections the SWAPO candidate won uncontested and became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate.

Leo Valdez

Leo Valdez is a fictional character from the children's book series The Heroes of Olympus by Rick Riordan.

Leo is the son of the Greek god Hephaestus and the mortal woman Esperanza Valdez. He has powers such as pyrokinesis and immunity to fire. He also learned building and engineering from his mother. He's also an exceptional builder and built The Argo II. Leo Valdez has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and dyslexia. 

Leo is 15 years old at the start of "The Lost Hero", the first book in the Heroes of Olympus series. He is the best friend of Jason Grace and Piper McLean. He has called many different names throught The Heros of Olympus series such as, Chef Leo the Tofu taco expert, Admiral Leo, Super-sized Mcshizzle man, Bad Boy Supreme, Supreme Commander of the Argo II, Flaming Valdez, hot stuff, and The Dread Pirate Valdez. At the end of Blood of Olympus he kills Gaea in a big fiery explosion, killing himself in the process. He gets revived from the physician cure .

Chuck Hartenstein

Charles Oscar Hartenstein (May 26, 1942 – October 2, 2021) was an American professional baseball relief pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for five different teams between 1966 and 1977. He played for the Chicago Cubs (1965–68), Pittsburgh Pirates (1969–70), St. Louis Cardinals (1970), Boston Red Sox (1970) and Toronto Blue Jays (1977).

Hartenstein died on October 2, 2021 at the age of 79.


Oleg Seleznyov

Oleg Viktorovich Seleznyov (, 22 July 1959 – 6 October 2021) was a Russian politician. He was the member of the Federation Council of the Federal Assembly from 2017 until his death.

Seleznyov died at a hospital in Krasnodar, Russia on 6 October 2021 from COVID-19, at the age of 62.

2021 Kunduz mosque bombing

On 8 October 2021, a suicide bombing happened at the Shia Gozar-e-Sayed Abad Mosque in the Afghan city of Kunduz. Over 100 people were killed and another 100 injured. The official death toll provided to Agence France Presse was 46, and 143 injured.

The attack is the deadliest in Afghanistan since U.S. troops left in August. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.

On 15 October 2021, an IS-KP suicide bomber killed 65 people at a Shia mosque in Kandahar.


Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli

Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli (born 8 June 1966) is a Nigerian lawyer, banker, diplomat and current Emir of Zazzau. He is the first Emir from the Mallawa denisty to be enthroned after the demise of Emir Alu Dan Sidi. 

Bamalli was born in Kwarbai Zaria city, Kaduna State, Nigeria. He is the first son of Nuhu Bamalli who was the minister of foreign affairs during Sir Ahmadu Bello Sardauna. He holds bachelor's degree in law (LLB) from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. He has master's degree in international relations and diplomacy from ABU, Zaria and post graduate diploma in management from the Enugu State University of Science and Technology.

Prior to his studies in his home country, he attended a fellowship on conflict resolution at the University of York, and diploma in organizational leadership from the University of Oxford. He also has certificate in General Management Program (GMP) at Harvard Business School.

Bamalli began his career at work at Metropolitan Management Agency where he rose to the head of human resources at Mtel. He also worked in banking sector and rose to managing director of the Nigerian Security Printing and Minting Company Limited. He served as permanent commissioner in the Kaduna State Independent Electoral Commission. Bamalli held tittle of Magajin Garin Zazzau before he emerged as the emir of Zazzau and served as Nigeria's Ambassador to Thailand, with concurrent accreditation to Myanmar.

Rafael Orozco Maestre

Rafael José Orozco Maestre (March 24, 1954 – June 11, 1992) was a Colombian vallenato singer, songwriter and composer.

Orozco Maestre died in Barranquilla at the age of 38, was killed by a shooter in front of his house.

Antony Sher

Sir Antony Sher (14 June 1949 – 2 December 2021) was a South African-born British Drama Desk Award-winning actor, screenwriter, playwright, novelist and theatre director. He was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He has won two Laurence Olivier Award. He was known for his stage work with the Royal Shakespeare Company.

In 2017, Prince Charles said that Sher as his favourite actor. 

Sher and his partner Gregory Doran became one of the first gay couples to enter into a civil partnership in the United Kingdom.

In September 2021, Sher was diagnosed with a terminal illness. He died of cancer three months later in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire on 2 December 2021, aged 72.

Afsaneh Naseri

Afsaneh Naseri () is an Iranian actress born on 1960 in Tehran,Iran.


Chester Bridge

The Chester Bridge is a bridge connecting Missouri's Route 51 with Illinois Route 150 across the Mississippi River between Perryville, Missouri and Chester, Illinois. It is the only motor-traffic bridge spanning the Mississippi River between St. Louis and Cape Girardeau, Missouri.

The Chester Bridge is a two-lane traffic bridge. Construction began in 1941 and was finished in 1942 at a cost of $1.385 million (1942 dollars). The bridge was destroyed by a severe thunderstorm on July 29, 1944, and reconstructed 2 years later. The bridge serves about 6,400 vehicles per day.

Inspections in 2020 showed the bridge to be in poor condition. The Missouri Department of Transportation plans to replace the bridge by 2028.

Eupora, Mississippi

Eupora is a city in Webster County, Mississippi, United States.

Louisville, Mississippi

Louisville is the county seat of Winston County, Mississippi, United States.

Walthall, Mississippi

Walthall is the county seat of Webster County, Mississippi, United States.

Hollandale, Mississippi

Hollandale is a city in Washington County, Mississippi, United States.

D'Iberville, Mississippi

D'Iberville is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.

Mound Bayou, Mississippi

Mound Bayou is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States.

Shelby, Mississippi

Shelby is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States.

Guntown, Mississippi

Guntown is a city in Lee County, Mississippi, United States.

Saltillo, Mississippi

Saltillo is a city in Lee County, Mississippi, United States.

Verona, Mississippi

Verona is a city in Lee County, Mississippi, United States.

State Line, Mississippi

State Line is a city in Greene and Wayne Counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Baldwyn, Mississippi

Baldwyn is a city in Lee and Prentiss Counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi.

Talmadge Memorial Bridge

The Talmadge Memorial Bridge is a bridge in the United States across the Savannah River between downtown Savannah, Georgia and Hutchinson Island, Georgia. It carries US 17. The original bridge was built in 1953. A replacement bridge was completed in 1991, also referred to as the Talmadge Memorial Bridge. The bridge is named after Georgia governor Eugene Talmadge.

Chesters Bridge

Chesters Bridge is a Roman bridge over the River North Tyne at Chollerford, Northumberland, England.

In 2016, public access to Chesters Bridge's remnants was stopped because of flood damage.

Morton, Illinois

Morton is a village in Tazewell County, Illinois. The village is just southeast of Peoria. The 2020 United States Census reported 17,117 people living in the village. 


Machesney Park, Illinois

Machesney Park is a village of Winnebago County, Illinois. It is a suburb of Rockford. In the 2020 United States Census, 22,950 local people were living in Machesney Park.

Old Lyme, Connecticut

Old Lyme is a coast town in New London County, Connecticut. It was named after Lyme Regis in England. The Connecticut town was officially incorporated in 1855. As of the 2020 United States Census, there were almost 7,630 local people in the town.

Mexican-American cuisine

Mexican-American cuisine is the cuisine of Mexican Americans and their descendants, who have modified Mexican cuisine under the influence of American culture and immigration patterns of Mexicans to the United States.


Culture of Romania

The culture of Romania includes the art, language, cinema and music of the country.

Romanian food

Romanian food or Romanian cuisine is the cuisine of Romania.

Culture of Hungary

The culture of Hungary includes the art, language, cinema and music of the country.

Monolith Films

Monolith Films Sp. z o.o. is the independent media-entertainment company based in Warsaw, Poland, that deals with production and distribution of movies. Established in 1998, the company currently is the official distributor of movies produced and distributed by DreamWorks SKG, Lions Gate Entertainment, Summit Entertainment, STX and Ghibli in Poland, and in the past, among others 20th Century Fox, Sony Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Warner Bros. and Buena Vista.

The company is the owner of the following divisions: Monolith Video (DVD/Blu-ray distributor), Cineman (VOD service) and Victonex, which run Kino Atlantic in Warsaw, and formerly Monolith Plus, that dealt with distribution of art movies. Since September 2013, Monolith has been implementing the "Kino Klasa" program aimed at promoting cinema culture among the youngest Poles. As part of the project, movie screenings for teachers are organized and educational materials related to selected movies are created.


Mestizos in the United States

Mestizo Americans are Americans whose racial and/or ethnic identity is Mestizo, i.e. a mixed ancestry of European and Amerindian from Latin America (usually Ibero-Indigenous mixed ancestry).

Indigenous Mexican Americans

Indigenous Mexican Americans or Mexican American Indians are American citizens who are descended from the indigenous peoples of Mexico. Indigenous Mexican-Americans usually speak an Indigenous language as their first language and may not speak either Spanish or English. Indigenous Mexican-Americans may or may not identify as "Hispanic" or "Latino".

Plumed whistling duck

The plumed whistling duck ("Dendrocygna eytoni"), also called the grass whistling duck, is a type of whistling duck. It breeds in Australia. It is mainly brown in colour.

Australian shelduck

The Australian shelduck ("Tadorna tadornoides"), also known as the chestnut-breasted shelduck or mountain duck, is a type of duck. They are protected under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974.

Australian wood duck

The Australian wood duck, maned duck or maned goose ("Chenonetta jubata") is a type of duck. It is found in Australia. It is the only living species in the genus Chenonetta.

Jup Weber

Joseph 'Jup' Weber (15 June 1950 – 8 October 2021) was a Luxembourgian politician. He founded the Greens in 1983. He was a Member of the European Parliament between 1994 until 1999. Weber was born in Luxembourg City.

Weber died on 8 October 2021 in Luxembourg City at the age of 71.


Chito Gascon

José Luis Martín C. Gascón () also known as Chito Gascon () (26 May 1964 – 9 October 2021) was a Filipino lawyer, politician and human-rights activist. He was born in Manila, Philippines. In 2015, he was nominated by President Benigno Aquino III as the Chair of the Commission on Human Rights of the Philippines.

Gascon died on 9 October 2021 at a hospital in Manila from COVID-19, aged 57.

Ossining (town), New York

Ossining is a town near the Hudson River in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 40,061 in the 2020 census.

Ossining (village), New York

Ossining is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 27,551 at the 2020 census. It is in the town of Ossining.

FRA

FRA can refer to:


Devil's Doorway

Devil's Doorway is a 1950 American western movie directed by Anthony Mann and starring Robert Taylor, Louis Calhern, Paula Raymond, Marshall Thompson, James Mitchell, Edgar Buchanan, Spring Byington. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Orchestrion

Orchestrion is a generic name for a machine that plays music and is designed to sound like an orchestra or band. Orchestrions may be operated by means of a large pinned cylinder or by a music roll and less commonly book music.

Anne Schedeen

Luanne Ruth Schedeen (born January 8, 1949), known professionally as Anne Schedeen, is an American actress. She is known for playing Kate Tanner on the series "ALF" from 1986 until 1990. She appeared as Emily Phillips in the second season of the successful comedy series "Cheers".

Myriam Sarachik

Myriam P. Sarachik (August 8, 1933 – October 7, 2021) was a Belgian-born American experimental physicist. She was a Professor of Physics at The City College of New York. Her works focused on the low temperature condensed matter physics.

In 2008 she was elected to the governing council of the National Academy of Sciences. 


Phasmahyla cruzi

The Phasmahyla cruzi is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Rio das Pedras Reserve in southeastern Brazil. Scientists are not sure whether it belongs in the family Phyllomedisidae or the family Hylidae, subfamily Phyllomedusinae.

The frog is named after Carlos Alberto Gonçalves da Cruz, a Brazilian amphibian scientist. Scientists say people should call it Mangaratiba tree frog in English.

The adult male frog is long from nose to rear end and the only adult female frog the scientists found was long. It has a short nose and big eyes that stick out of its head. Its ear disk is large, but a piece of skin covers part of it. There are disks on its toes for climbing. There is no webbed skin on any of its feet. The frog's skin is green in color with purple spots. The belly is light in color. The iris of its eyes is silver-gray in color.

Older tadpoles can be long, with the tail.

People have found these frogs in streams with sand on the bottom. These places were always 200 meters above sea level or higher. This frog can only live in forests in which the branches come together like a roof.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Episode (album)

Episode is the album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius.



Visions (Stratovarius album)

Visions is the album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius.



Destiny (Stratovarius album)

Destiny is the album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius.



Killers (album)

Killers is a album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.



Piece of Mind

Piece of Mind is an album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.



The Book of Souls

The Book of Souls is an album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.



Senjutsu

Senjutsu is an album made by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.




A Moon Shaped Pool

A Moon Shaped Pool is an album by the band Radiohead.


Bradford, Rhode Island

Bradford is a census-designated place (CDP) and historic district in Westerly and Hopkinton in Washington County, Rhode Island. The population was 1,457 at the 2020 United States Census.

The Bradford Village Historic District was listed in 1996 as a 224 acre area. It includes 150 contributing buildings plus one site.

John Kassir

John Edward Kassir (born October 24, 1957) is an American actor and stand-up comedian, best known for his work as the voice of the Cryptkeeper in HBO's "Tales from the Crypt" franchise. He is also known for his role as Ralph in the Off-Broadway show "Reefer Madness" and its 2005 movie adaptation. Kassir is the son of an Iraqi father from Mosul and a Syrian mother.

Fireglow Games

Fireglow Games is a Russian, and later Cypriot company that develops and publishes computer games. The most known for series of strategic games Sudden Strike.

The company was founded in 1999 by the former employees of the studio "Our Games LLC", a famous game "Confrontation". The first project of the studio was the game of Sudden Strike, the world publisher was performed by the German distributor CDV Software Entertainment, in Russia and the CIS was published under the familiar Russian players with the name of "Confrontation 3".

In 2002-2003, the company moved from St. Petersburg to Cyprus. In 2004, the studio stopped to work with the Russian publisher Russobit-M, which owns the rights to the localized name Confrontation. All the next Sudden Strike games were published under the original name.

In 2006, the company was reorganized. As a result, several companies created a single holding: FireGlow Casual Games and Fireglow Online Games was making computer games, Fireglow Games Publishing was releasing products in the United States and Western Europe.

The latest game of the company is Sudden Strike 3: The Last Stand, published in 2009.

Hope Valley, Rhode Island

Hope Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) and village in Hopkinton in western Rhode Island. The 2020 United States Census showed 1,612 people living in Hope Valley.

The central section of Hope Valley was listed on the United States' National Register of Historic Places in late 2004 as Hope Valley Historic District. This 183-acre historic district has 137 contributing properties.

Dana Gaier

Dana Gaier (born August 30, 1997) is an American actress. She voiced Edith in the "Despicable Me" franchise. Gaier was raised in Livingston, New Jersey. She got into acting going with her older sister to an audition after her mother couldn't find a babysitter and brought her along. Gaier moved to Burbank, California around 2013 and has been a student at the University of California, Los Angeles.


Sudden Strike (video game)

Sudden Strike is a computer game about World War II. The game was developed by Russian company Fireglow and published by CDV software of Germany. The games focus on tactics without traditional real-time strategy resource gathering and base development.

"Sudden Strike" had a commercial success, with global sales of roughly 800,000 units by 2002.

The main story features three campaigns (Soviets, Germans, and Allied forces).

"Sudden Strike Forever" was an official add-on to Sudden Strike which shows more historically correct units and equipment. New terrains are also provided. The expansion also improved the game engine, balanced the damage of certain units, and added a map and scenario editor.

The add-on includes 4 scenarios for each of the campaigns for the Germans, the American, the British and the Soviets. Other units which are added into the add-on includes, but not limited to the Universal Carrier for the British. The supply system has also been tweaked with artillery crews automatically resupplying themselves with ammo crates nearby instead of relying on supply trucks to do the job. The supply trucks would still be needed to repair damages inflicted on these artillery units, however.

In Germany "Sudden Strike" became 1 place on Media Control's sales chart for September 2000. It also awarded by The Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD) for sales of at least 100,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The committee noted that "Sudden Strike" had become an "absolute hit".

Publisher CDV Software reported that "Sudden Strike" sold 292,000 units into stores and foreign publishers during 2000, and that sell-through was "running very positively". 

The title became popular in France, where it was the first game published by Focus Home Interactive. It sold 60,000 units at full price and reached #1 on GfK's charts for the French market, and remained there for multiple weeks. Global sell-through of "Sudden Strike" reached roughly 600,000 units by the end of 2001, and around 800,000 units by the end of 2002. This made it one of CDV's best-selling titles at the time, alongside "Cossacks: European Wars". According to Focus Home, the game's sales in France alone topped 80,000 units by May 2004, and ultimately totaled 250,000 units.

John Lee rated the game by five stars and stated that "You VILL play! You VILL enchoy!"

"Sudden Strike" generally received positive reviews. Sudden Strike holds a 69 Metascore based on 16 critics and an 8.2 user score based on 15 ratings on Metacritic. Sudden Strike Forever holds a 70 Metascore from 5 critics and an 8.8 User Score based on 46 ratings.

Estado Novo (Portugal)

The Estado Novo, also known as the Second Portuguese Republic, was a corporatist regime in Portugal from 1933 to 1974 until Carnation Revolution. It evolved from the "Ditadura Nacional" that was formed after the "coup d'état" of 28 May 1926 against the democratic First Portuguese Republic. The Estado Novo was conservativee and autocratic, it was developed by António de Oliveira Salazar, who was President of the Council of Ministers from 1932 until 1968 due to illnesses.

The Estado Novo was one of the longest-surviving authoritarian regimes in Europe, it was conservative, corporatist, and nationalist and traditionalist. Estado Novo had very colonialist foreign policies, with colonies oversea like Angola, Mozambique, and other Portuguese territories. During this period, Portugal tried to expand its empire, using the Portuguese Colonial War to combat self-determination and independence of colonies.

After four decades of dictatorship, on 25 April 1974, the Carnation Revolution in Lisbon, a military coup organized by Portuguese military officers of the Armed Forces Movement overthrew the Estado Novo regime.

From 1950 until Salazar's death in 1970, Portugal saw its GDP per capita increase at an annual average rate of 5.7 per cent. By the fall of the Estado Novo in 1974, Portugal had the lowest per capita income in Western Europe and the highest rate of preventable deaths and infant mortality rate in Europe. 

Elsie Fisher

Elsie Kate Fisher (born April 3, 2003) is an American actress. She is best known for her starring role in the comedy-drama movie "Eighth Grade" (2018), for which she earned a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Comedy or Musical. Fisher is also known for voicing animated character such as Agnes in "Despicable Me" (2010) and "Despicable Me 2" (2013), Masha in "Masha and the Bear" (2011-present) and Parker Needler in "The Addams Family".

Monica Lee Gradischek

Monica Lee Gradischek (born 15 December 1971 in Jeannette, Pennsylvania is an American voice actor. She graduated from New York University (NYU) on 1994. Gradischek has work in animation, commercials, and video games as well as performing arts. She starred in the Lifetime Television reality series "Off The Leash" in October 2006. She also played the role of Darlene in the Cartoon Network series "Squirrel Boy".

[[Category:American voice actors]
Noah Segan

Noah Gideon Segan (born October 5, 1983) is an American actor. He is best known for his work in the movies "Looper", "Brick", and Deadgirl. He is known for his many collaborations with filmmaker Rian Johnson. Segan was born in New York City. He is the grandson of American photographer Arthur Rothstein, the nephew of musician Rob Stoner.

Narragansett, Rhode Island

Narragansett is a town in southeastern Washington County, Rhode Island. The 2020 United States Census reported 14,532 people living in the town. The town is informally called "Gansett".

Narragansett is next to Narragansett Bay. It is close to Jamestown and Kingston.

In 1888, Narragansett was separated from the town of South Kingstown. Thirteen years later, Narragansett was incorporated into its own town.

On September 21, 1938, a strong and violent hurricane ran over western New England. The winds of the hurricane were 121 miles hour. Floods from East Haven to Narragansett were seen and over 130 photographs were taken.

Other hurricanes in the Narragansett-Point Judith regional area of Rhode Island include Hurricane Carol in August 1954, Hurricane Bob on August 19, 1991, Tropical Storm Hanna of September 6 into 7, 2008 and Hurricane Henri from August 22–23, 2021. The last two were tropical storms when they moved across New England.

Tanegashima Space Center

The Tanegashima Space Center (種子島宇宙センター, Tanegashima Uchū Sentā) (TNSC) is the largest rocket-launch complex in Japan. Its area is about 9.7 square kilometers. It is on the southeast coast of Tanegashima, an island about 40 kilometers (25 mi) south of Kyushu. It was established in 1969 when the National Space Development Agency of Japan (NASDA) began, and is now run by JAXA.

Curious George (video game)

Curious George is an platform-adventure video game, based on cartoon of the same name. Developed by Monkey Bar Games and published by Namco.

The game features 13 linear levels, which closely follow the plot of the movie. And each levels also that player can colleted all bananas, and cutscence from the first movie.

Prime Minister of Azad Kashmir

Prime Minister of Azad Kashmir is the chief executive of Azad Kashmir. They are in charge of the Council of Ministers, who are members of the Azad Kashmir Legislative Assembly.

Abdul Qayyum Khan Niazi

Sardar Abdul Qayyum Khan Niazi () is Kashmiri politician. He is the 13th prime minister of Azad Kashmir.

President of Azad Kashmir

The Pakistan administered state of Azad Kashmir was created on 24 October 1947. The President is the constitutional head while Prime Minister is the chief executive of the state. The President is appointed by the Prime Minister of Pakistan for term of 5 years.


Masood Khan

Masood Khan () is a Kashmiri diplomat. He was the 27th President of Azad Kashmir from 2016 until 2021. He was Pakistan's Ambassador to China between September 2008 and September 2012 and as Pakistan's Permanent Representative to the United Nations between October 11, 2012 and February 7, 2015.

Sultan Mehmood Chaudhry

Sultan Mehmood Chaudhry is a Pakistani politician. He was the Prime Minister of Azad Kashmir between July 1996 to July 2001. In 2021, he became President of Azad Kashmir.

Raymond T. Odierno

Raymond Thomas Odierno (8 September 1954 – 8 October 2021) was an American four-star general of the United States Army. He was the 38th chief of staff of the Army.

Odierno commanded United States Joint Forces Command from October 2010 until its disestablishment in August 2011. He was the Commanding General, United States Forces – Iraq from September 2008 through September 2010.

Odierno died on 8 October 2021, from cancer at the age of 67.

Abdul Samad Rabiu

Abdul Samad Isyaku Rabiu CON (was born 4 August 1960) is a Nigerian business magnet and philanthropist. He is the current chairman of the Nigerian Bank of Industry (BOI). As of July 7, 2020, Forbes estimated Abdul Samad's has a net worth of $3.2 billion. In January 2023, Abdul Samad Rabiu becomes the 4th richest man in Africa..

Rabiu attended Capital University in Columbus, Ohio.

Rabiu began his career by establishing BUA International Limited in 1988 for main aim of commodity trading(local domestic production).

Rabiu uses the BUA Foundation for his philanthropic activities, he constructed 7,000-square-meter paediatric ward at the Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital and the construction of the Centre for Islamic Studies at Bayero University Kano.

Patricia McMahon Hawkins

Patricia McMahon Hawkins (1949 – October 6, 2021) was an American politician. She worked for the United States State Department. She was the United States Ambassador to Togo from 2008 to 2011 during the George W. Bush and Barack Obama presidencies.

Waterville Valley, New Hampshire

Waterville Valley is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 508 at the 2020 census.

The Worm Ouroboros

The Worm Ouroboros is a heroic high fantasy novel by English writer E.R. Eddison. First published in 1922, the book describes the long war between King Gorice of Witchland and the Lords of Demonland. 

It is set in an imaginary world that appears medieval and reminiscent of Norse sagas. The work is slightly related to Eddison's later Zimiamvian Trilogy, and collectively they are sometimes called the Zimiamvian series.

The book was illustrated by Keith Henderson, who also illustrated books by Geoffrey Chaucer and W.H. Hudson.

The work is described as fantasy because it is not an attempt to imagine the future (as does much science fiction) but instead presents an imagined world, rather as does "The Lord of the Rings".


Ordinary People (2009 movie)

Ordinary People is a 2009 French Serbian Dutch Swiss war drama movie directed by Vladimir Perišić and starring Relja Popović, Boris Isaković, Miroslav Stevanović, Miroslav Isaković.


Bank of Industry

Bank of Industry Limited (abbreviated as 'BOI') is the oldest Development Finance Institution (DFI) currently operating in Nigeria. It is owned and managed by the Ministry of Finance.

Bank of Industry Limited began it operations in 1959 as the Investment Corporation of Nigeria (ICON) Limited. Later, ICON Limited was reconstituted change to Nigerian Industrial Development Bank (NIDB) Limited under the directives of the World Bank.

The Bank of Industry has a numerous branches network across Nigeria with 24 branches, a headquarters in Lagos State, Nigeria and a corporate office in Abuja. The branches are:

Farooq Feroze Khan

Air Chief Marshal Farooq Feroze Khan (; 17 August 1939 – 9 October 2021) (NI(m), HI(m), SI(m), SBt), best known as Feroze Khan, was a Pakistani four-star air officer in the Pakistan Air Force. He was the Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee from 1994 until retiring in 1997. He was born in Bombay, India.

Khan died on 9 October 2021 at a hospital in Islamabad from a heart attack, aged 82.

Gautrain

Gautrain is an express suburban rail network in Gauteng, South Africa, which links Johannesburg, Pretoria, Ekurhuleni, Sandton and O.R. Tambo International Airport. The Gautrain network has 10 stations and a total length of 80 kilometers.

It takes 15 minutes to travel from Sandton to O.R. Tambo International Airport and 35 minutes from Pretoria to Johannesburg on the Gautrain.

Bus and minibus services are available to transport passengers to and from all stations, but not the O.R. Tambo International Airport Station. 

The purpose of Gautrain is to provide a faster service for passengers, than the regular and slower Metrorail Gauteng suburban rail which also links most of the same places. Some stations of Gautrain are interchange stations with the Metrorail Gauteng stations.

Another purpose of Gautrain is to reduce traffic congestion between Johannesburg and Pretoria and their metropolitan areas.


Petr Fiala

Petr Fiala (born 1 September 1964) is a Czech politician, political scientist and university professor. In 2021, he became the 13th Prime Minister of the Czech Republic. He has been leader of the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) since 2014. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies since 2013. 

From 2012 to 2013 Fiala was Minister of Education, Youth and Sports.

Alexander Schallenberg

Alexander Georg Nicolas Christoph Wolfgang Tassilo Schallenberg (born 20 June 1969) is an Austrian jurist and politician. Schallenberg became the Chancellor of Austria in 2021. He is a member of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2019 until 2021.

After Chancellor Sebastian Kurz's resignation on 9 October 2021, Schallenberg was named by Kurz as his pick to replace him as chanellor. He was sworn in on 11 October 2021.

Schallenberg announced his resignation on 2 December 2021, after less than two months in office.

Wigwam (Finnish band)

Wigwam is a Finnish progressive rock band formed in 1968.

Wigwam was founded after the split of Blues Section. It was founded by Ronnie Österberg. He formed the band as a trio, but soon brought in British expatriate singer/songwriter Jim Pembroke (also in Blues Section) and organist Jukka Gustavson. A year later, Pekka Pohjola joined on bass. 

Their best known album was "Nuclear Nightclub".



Ali Asadov

Ali Hidayat oglu Asadov (; born 30 November 1956) is an Azerbaijani politician. He is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan since 8 October 2019. He was nominated by president Ilham Aliyev.

Novruz Mammadov

Novruz Ismayil oglu Mammadov (; born 15 March 1947) is an Azerbaijani politician and translator. He was Prime Minister of Azerbaijan from April 2018 to October 2019.


Phasmahyla exilis

The mottled leaf frog ("Phasmahyla exilis") is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 200 and 900 meters above sea level.

This frog can change color to hide from animals that want to eat it. It can do this by changing its red and orange spots.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and forests that are growing back but cannot live in places that are not forests. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over streams. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the stream below.

Scientists do not believe this frog is in danger of dying out because the place where it lives is not in danger even though, there are some tree farms and people take some wood to use.

Scientists think this frog can make useful chemicals in its skin. But they do not think anyone catches this frog to take the chemicals.

Milton County, Georgia

Milton County, Georgia was a county in the U.S. state of Georgia that existed between 1857 and 1931. The county's capital was Alpharetta. In 1931, Milton County was merged with Fulton County in order to save it from bankruptcy during the Great Depression. Campbell County, located 50 miles to the south, suffered the same fate.

During the 2000s, residents of northern Fulton county expressed their desire to recreate Milton County, out of both economical and social reasons. A bill was brought to the Georgia state legislature, however it was rejected because Georgia's constitution prohibits the creation of more than 159 counties in the state.

Commodification

Commodification is an idea in economics. It is the process of making something into a commodity. A commodity is anything that can be bought or sold. When economists talk about commodification, they usually mean creating the brand identity of the product and changing it so that it will be easier to sell.

Human capital

The term human capital refers to the capital as economic value of a worker's experience and skills. Human capital includes assets like education, training, intelligence, skills, health, and other things employers value such as loyalty and punctuality.


Campbell County, Georgia

Campbell County, Georgia was a county in the U.S. state of Georgia that existed between 1828 and 1931. The county's capital was initially Campbellton, however due to the town's residents not allowing a railroad to be built, it was changed to Fairburn in 1870. In 1931, Campbell County was merged with Fulton County after the county went bankrupt during the Great Depression. Milton County, located 50 miles to the north, suffered the same fate.

United Bank Limited

United Bank Limited (UBL) (یونائیٹڈ بینک لمیٹڈ) is a Pakistani multinational commercial bank which is a subsidiary of British company Bestway Group. It is in Karachi, Pakistan.

United Bank Limited was established and managed under the leadership of Agha Hasan Abedi. United Bank Limited was nationalized by Pakistan Government of Pakistan on 1974.


Africa Finance Corporation

Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) is a pan-African Multilateral Development Financial Institution which is established by sovereign African states with the main motive to provide remedies to Africa's infrastructure deficit and challenging operating environment. 

Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) was commissioned on December, 2007 by the founding President and Chief Executive Mr Austine Ometoruwa, then Citibank Africa Investment Bank Head and by the founding Chairman Chukwuma Soludo. 


First City Monument Bank

First City Monument Bank (FCMB), a member of FCMB Group Plc. It is a financial services holding company headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria. 

First City Monument Bank was established in 1977 by Oloye Subomi Balogun. It was incorporated as a private limited liability company in April 1982 and granted a banking license in August 1983.

The subsidiaries of First City Monument Bank are:


Ini Dima-Okojie

Ini Dima-Okojie (born June 24, 1990) is a Nigerian actress and entrepreneur. She left her job in investment banking to enroll engage into New York Film Academy. 

In Dima-Okojie hails from Esan North-East LGA, Edo State, Nigeria. She holds bachelor's degree in International Relations from Covenant University, Nigeria. She also earn a degree in acting from the New York Film Academy.

Siddiqui

The SIddiquis (kaeabo) are a religious group who claim to descended from of Abu Bakr Siddiq.

The title "Siddiqui" () is an attributive form of the Arabic word Siddiq (). The name Siddiq means 'the truthful'. It was given to Abu Bakr by Muhammad.

According to a study, the Siddiquis are descended from a Kayastha record-keeper caste who Islamized at some point.

Marc Ceccarelli

Marc Scott Ceccarelli (born January 4, 1968) is an American animator, director, producer, and writer. He won the 2018 British Academy Children's Awards in International Animation and the 2018 Daytime Emmy Award in Outstanding Children’s Animated Series for his work on Nickelodeon's "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Abd Allah ibn Saba

Abd Allah ibn Saba () was an Arab Jewish religious leader in the 7th-century. His followers were known as Saba'iyya.

Abd Allah ibn Saba is considered the first ghulat (extremist). He was the first one to declare faith in the Imamate of Ali. After Ali’s death, he is said to maintain this idea that "a devil in ʿAli’s appearance had been murdered" and ʿAli had ascended to heaven and that his occultation (rajʿa) was imminent. Saba probably invented the concept of ghayba and return.

Heinz Halm records him as a representative of a Ghulat group from the city of Seleucia-Ctesiphon ("al-Madā'in") who came to see ‘Alī in Kūfah. When Saba proclaimed divinity, then ‘Alī denied this angrily and exiled him back to Seleucia-Ctesiphon.

Tabari and Sayf ibn Umar record Abd Allah ibn Saba from playing any major role in the political events that led to Uthman's killing. He and his followers are said to be the ones who enticed the Egyptians against Uthman on the ground of Ali's special right of succession, and participated in further instigation at later conflicts.

There is a favorable Shia quote that formed around the figure of Abdullah ibn Saba. The story of Saba has also been used by Shia factions to both attack and defend extreme Shia groups. In an non-authentic Shia source, Abd Allah ibn Saba was cursed by Ja'far al-Sadiq.

Jews view Saba negatively and historical Jewish sources regarded him as an apostate from Judaism. Sunni Muslims view Saba as a ghulat seeking to corrupt the message of Islam from by introducing proto-Shia beliefs. Since Saba used to hate Abu Bakr, Umar and Uthman, Sunni Muslims view him negatively and curse him. Sa'd ibn Abdullah al-Ash'ari al-Qummi reported in al-Maqaalaat wal-Firaq p. 20:


Corpus Juris Civilis

The Corpus Iuris Civilis (sometimes also called Corpus Juris Civilis) is a collection of laws regarding Roman civil law. It was first compiled in the 6th century, during the reign of Iustinan I. After the fall of the Roman empire it was mostly forgotten. It was re-discovered in the 11th century. During the Middle Ages it was an important source of civil law for most countries in Europe. 

The corpus juris civilis has several parts:


Dynomutt, Dog Wonder

Dynomutt, Dog Wonder is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions that aired on ABC from 1976 to 1977. The show centers on a Batman-esque superhero, the Blue Falcon, and his assistant, Dynomutt, a bumbling, yet effective robotic dog who can produce a seemingly infinite number of mechanical devices from his body. As with many other animated superheroes of the era, no origins for the characters are ever provided.

Laila Ali

Laila Amaria Ali (born December 30, 1977) is an American television personality and retired professional boxer who competed from 1999 to 2007. She is the daughter of Muhammad Ali and is the eighth of her father's nine children. During her career, from which she retired undefeated, she held the WBC, WIBA, IWBF and IBA female super middleweight titles, and the IWBF light heavyweight title. Ali is widely regarded by many within the sport as one of the greatest female boxers of all time.

Liza Koshy

Liza Koshy (born March 31, 1996) is an American actress, television host, comedian and YouTuber. She began her career on Vine in 2013, before starting a YouTube channel.

Among her acting roles have been Aday Walker in Tyler Perry's horror comedy film "Boo! A Madea Halloween" (2016) and The Explorer in the YouTube Premium series "Escape the Night" (2017). She starred as Violet Adams in the Hulu drama television series "Freakish" (2016–2017). From 2017 to 2018, she was a contributor to the MTV television series "Total Request Live". Since 2018, Koshy has produced and starred as the title character in the YouTube Premium comedy series "Liza on Demand". From 2018 to 2019, she hosted the Nickelodeon game show revival "Double Dare", for which she received an Emmy Award nomination. In 2020, she starred in the Netflix dance-comedy film "Work It".

Digital eMation

Digital eMation, Inc. (Korean: 디지탈이메이션(주)) is an animation studio located in Seoul, South Korea and founded in 1993. They specialize in traditional animation and digital animation.

First Lady of North Korea

The first lady of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (Korean; 조선민주주의인민공화국의 영부인; Hanja: 朝鲜民主主义人民共和国第一夫人) or simply known as the first lady of North Korea, is the informal title held by the wife of the supreme leader of North Korea, during the leader's term in office. 

Ri Sol-ju is the current first lady of North Korea, in role since April 15, 2018, as the wife of Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un.

During the presidency of the North Korean premier Kim Il-Sung, his wife Kim Song-ae took on the role and duties as the first lady in 1963, eleven years after the marriage.

After his death in July 1994, his son, Kim Jong-il assumed on the office and duties of the supreme leader and the role of first lady was left vacant during his time in office. Kim Jong-il was married twice and had three different domestic partnerships from time to time. 

After his death in December 2011, his son Kim Jong-un assumed the office and duties as supreme leader and the role of first lady was re-established to his wife when North Korean officials and state media lifted her title from “comrade" to “respected first lady”.

The title had not been used since 1974 when it was described to Kim Song-ae. The honor occurred during the April 2018 inter-Korean Summit when Ri Sol-ju and the first lady of South Korea, Kim Jung-sook had formally met and attended the summit along with their husbands.

The role of the first lady is not an elected position, carries no official duties, But the first lady participates in diplomacy on behalf of meeting with foreign diplomats and accompanying her husband on foreign summits and events. However, this did not take place until March 2018, when Ri Sol-ju accompanied her husband Kim Jong-un to a foreign summit between North Korea and China.

South China Morning Post sources stated that Ri Sol-ju's fashion became an instant hit after she accompanied her husband to a surprise visit to China in March 2018.

During the visitation summit to China, it was said she wore a camel cropped jacket with a matching midi skirt and court shoes with a necklace, ear studs, and a shiny pink and gold butterfly-shaped brooch.

Ri also wore a white jacket and an apple green dress with a brown flower-shaped ribbon brooch and a nude leather clutch and at a lunch with Chinese president Xi Jinping and Chinese first lady, Peng Liyuan at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse, where her and husband stayed, she changed into an ivory two-piece dress with floral decorations on the collar and soft frilled sleeves.

Brian Benjamin

Brian A. Benjamin (born December 9, 1976) is an American politician and businessman. He was the Lieutenant Governor of New York from September 9, 2021 until April 12, 2022.

Benjamin was first elected to the New York State Senate in a May 2017 special election. He represented New York's 30th State Senate district from 2017 to 2021.

In 2021, Benjamin unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination for New York City Comptroller.

On August 26, 2021, New York Governor Kathy Hochul pick Benjamin to be her lieutenant governor. He was sworn in on September 9, 2021.

Benjamin was arrested on April 12, 2022, after being indicted on charges of bribery, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, wire fraud, and two counts of falsification of records. He has pleaded not guilty to all of the charges. That day, Benjamin resigned as lieutenant governor.

Roselyn Sánchez

Roselyn Milagros Sánchez Rodríguez (born April 2, 1973) is a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, dancer, model, actress, producer, and writer. She is best known for her roles. She played Elena Delgado on the CBS police procedural "Without a Trace" (2005–09), as Carmen Luna on the Lifetime comedy-drama "Devious Maids" (2013–16), and as Elena Roarke on the new "Fantasy Island" (2021-present). 

In movies, she appeared in "Rush Hour 2" (2001), "Boat Trip" (2002), "The Game Plan" (2007), and "Act of Valor" (2012).

Toshirō Daigo

Daigo died on 10 October 2021, at the age of 95.

Tasos Kourakis

Anastasios ("Tasos") Kourakis (; 1948 − 10 October 2021) was a Greek pediatrician, geneticist and politician of the Coalition of the Radical Left (Syriza). Between 2007 until 2019, he was a member of the Hellenic Parliament. Between 2017 until 2019, he was Deputy Speaker. Kourakis was born in Thessaloniki, Greece.

Kourakis died on 10 October 2021 in Thessaloniki from cancer at the age of 73.

Yoshimi Osawa

He wrote the book "Kodokan Judo: A Guide to Proficiency". Osawa was the head instructor at Waseda University.

Osawa died on 21 October 2022 from pneumonia at the age of 96.

Ichiro Abe

Abe died in Tokyo, Japan on February 27, 2022 at the age of 99.

Eric Winter

Eric Barrett Winter (born July 17, 1976) is an American actor and former fashion model. He played FBI Special Agent Craig O'Laughlin on CBS drama series "The Mentalist" (2010–2012), Dash Gardiner on the Lifetime fantasy-drama series "Witches of East End" (2013–2014), and Sergeant Tim Bradford from the LAPD on the ABC drama "The Rookie".

Winter was born on July 17, 1976, in La Mirada, California. He graduated from UCLA with a degree in psychology.

Winter was married to actress Allison Ford from 2001 until 2005.

He has been married to Roselyn Sánchez since November 29, 2008. Sánchez and Winter have two children.

Félix Palomo

Félix Palomo Saavedra (15 March 1937 − 7 October 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He was a member of the Senate of Spain from 1977 to 1982 and was President of the Parliament of La Rioja from 1983 to 1987 and again from 1988 to 1995. He was born in San Pedro de Mérida, Spain.

Palomo died on 7 October 2021, aged 84.

San Pedro de Mérida

San Pedro de Mérida is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. In 2005, 845 people lived here.

Bad Bascomb (movie)

Bad Bascomb is a 1946 American western movie directed by S. Sylvain Simon‏‎ and starring Wallace Beery, Margaret O'Brien, Marjorie Main, J. Carrol Naish, Frances Rafferty, Marshall Thompson, Henry O'Neill, Sara Haden. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Fitzcarraldo

Fitzcarraldo () is a 1982 German Italian Peruvian Brazilian adventure drama movie directed by Werner Herzog and starring Klaus Kinski, Claudia Cardinale, José Lewgoy, Paul Hittscher, Grande Otelo, Peter Berling, Milton Nascimento.


Middleburg Heights, Ohio

Middleburg Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

North Olmsted, Ohio

North Olmsted is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Parma Heights, Ohio

Parma Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Richmond Heights, Ohio

Richmond Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Rocky River, Ohio

Rocky River is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Seven Hills, Ohio

Seven Hills is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Solon, Ohio

Solon is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.

Augusta, Missouri

Augusta is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Midwin Charles

Midwin Charles (July 17, 1973 – April 6, 2021) was a Haitian-American defense attorney.

Charles was born on July 17, 1973 in Brooklyn, New York, where she was raised, before becoming a graduate of Syracuse University with a bachelor's degree, moving on to earn a Juris Doctor degree at the American University Washington College of Law. 

Charles was the founder of the Midwin Charles & Associates LLC law firm. She was prominent as a television personality, being the legal analyst for American television channels CNN and MSNBC. She also commented on Bloomberg TV, HLN and TV One, and her topics included such other broad subjects as pop culture and politics.

Charles died on April 6, 2021, her family announced on Twitter.

Ganeshamangalam

Ganeshamangalam is a Village located in Thrissur district of Kerala, India. It is famous for the Chakkumarassery Sri kumara Ganeshamangalam Temple.
The town is centered on the Chakkumarassery Srikumara Ganeshamangalam Temple is about 16.5 km away from Guruvayoor Sri Krishna temple and 29.1 km away from Irinjalakuda temple, Kodungallur temple is 32.6 km away. The nearest railhead is Thrissur, 17.4 km east of the temple.

Phasmahyla timbo

Phasmahyla timbo is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Serra do Timbó. People have seen it between 800 and 900 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because the farmers keep trees growing to make shade for cacao cabrucas plants. It lives in forests. The female frog lays eggs on leaves that grow over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water below.

This frog can make useful chemicals in its skin, but scientists do not think anyone is catching the frog to get them.

Some scientists say this is the same frog as "Phasmahyla spectabilis".

Hagakure

Hagakure "(Hidden by the Leaves)" is a Japanese practical guide for samurai with commentaries by Yamamoto Tsunetomo. The book contains views on bushido, the warrior code of the samurai. Bushido is considered The Way of Dying. It means samurai is ready to death at any time for honor. 


Abdul'aziz Abubakar Yari

Alhaji Abdul'aziz Abubakar Yari (born 1968) is a Nigerian politician and cleric who was elected as a Governor of Zamfara State. 

Yaris has diploma in secretarial Studies from Sokoto Polytechnic. He also attended Kebbi Polytechnic where he Graduated with Diploma in Public Administration.

Yari began his political career in 1999 when he served as the Secretary of All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP). He was elected Chairman of ANPP Zamfara State chapter and later rose to the position of ANPP National Financial Secretary and served in this position till 2007 when he was elected as Member representing Anka/Talata Mafara Federal Constituency, and later Yar was elected Governor of Zamfara State on the party of the All Nigeria Peoples Party(ANPP).

Luis de Pablo

Luis de Pablo Costales (28 January 1930 – 10 October 2021) was a Spanish composer. He was part of the movement of Spanish composers named Generación del 51.

Pablo died in Madrid on 10 October 2021, aged 91.

Muhammad Pervaiz Malik

Muhammad Pervaiz Malik (; 18 November 1947 – 11 October 2021) was a Pakistani politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 until his death. Before, he was a member of the National Assembly between 1997 and May 2018. He was Minister for Commerce and Textile from August 2017 to May 2018. Malik was born in Lahore, Punjab.

Malik died on 11 October 2021 in Lahore from cardiac arrest at the age of 73.

Beloved Infidel

Beloved Infidel is a 1959 American biographical drama movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Sheilah Graham and Gerold Frank. It stars Gregory Peck, Deborah Kerr, Eddie Albert, Philip Ober, Herbert Rudley, Ken Scott, Elliott Gould and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Elio Pandolfi

Elio Pandolfi (17 June 1926 – 11 October 2021) was an Italian actor and radio personality. 

His best known roles were in "In Olden Days" (1951), "Totò lascia o raddoppia? " (1956), "Son of the Red Corsair" (1959), "Tough Guys" (1960), "Obiettivo ragazze " (1963), "The Magnificent Adventurer" (1964), "For a Few Dollars Less" (1966), "The Most Beautiful Couple in the World" (1968), "Rugantino" (1973) and "Too Much Romance... It's Time for Stuffed Peppers" (2004).

Pandolfi died on 11 October 2021 in Rome at the age of 95.


Nedumudi Venu

Kesavan Venugopal (22 May 1948 – 11 October 2021), known by his stage name Nedumudi Venu, was an Indian actor. He acted in more than 500 movies. He was born in Nedumudi, Travancore, India. His career began in 1978. His best known roles were in "Aaravam", "Thakara" and "Manjil Virinja Pookkal".

Venugopal died on 11 October 2021 at a hospital in Thiruvananthapuram, India from liver failure caused by COVID-19, aged 73.

Claudia Goldin

Claudia Goldin (born May 14, 1946) is an American economic historian and labor economist. 

She is the Henry Lee Professor of Economics at Harvard University. She is a co-director of the NBER's Gender in the Economy Study Group and was the director of the NBER’s Development of the American Economy program from 1989 to 2017. She wins Nobel Prize in Economics in 2023 "for having advanced our understanding of women's labour market outcomes".

Goldin was the president of the American Economic Association between 2013 until 2014.

Hydroxychloroquine

Hydroxychloroquine, sold under the brand name Plaquenil among others, is a drug used to prevent and treat malaria. It can also treat rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, and porphyria cutanea tarda.

Common side effects may include vomiting, headache, changes in vision, and muscle weakness.

Hydroxychloroquine was approved for medical use in the United States in 1955. 

Clinical trials showed that Hydroxychloroquine does prevent or treat coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID‑19), . Its use was later found to have contributed to 16,990 deaths in six countries during spring 2020 due to cardiovascular toxicity.

Ivermectin

Ivermectin is a medication used to treat parasite infestations. They can treat head lice, scabies, river blindness (onchocerciasis), strongyloidiasis, trichuriasis, ascariasis, and lymphatic filariasis. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, misinformation has been widely spread saying that ivermectin is beneficial for treating and preventing COVID-19. Though this cannot be proven to be true. General confusion, the infodemic and the lack of effective treatment seemingly attributed to individuals to repurpose various medications - including ivermectin - on the market without approved indications for COVID-19 as potentially effective treatments and purchase them from unapproved websites. 

Edy Ganem

Edurne "Edy" Ganem (born September 20, 1983) is an American-Mexican-Lebanese actress. She is known for her role as Valentina Diaz in the Lifetime comedy-drama series "Devious Maids". Ganem was born in Modesto, California. Her career began in 2008.

Myron Scholes

Myron Samuel Scholes ( ; born July 1, 1941) is a Canadian-American financial economist. 

In 1997, Scholes with Robert C. Merton won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.


Robert C. Merton

Robert Cox Merton (born July 31, 1944) is an American economist. He is a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management. In 1993 Merton co-founded hedge fund Long-Term Capital Management. 

In 1997 Merton, with Myron Scholes, won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.


John Harsanyi

John Charles Harsanyi (; May 29, 1920 – August 9, 2000) was a Hungarian economist. 

He is best known for his study of game theory. With John Nash and Reinhard Selten, they won the 1994 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.


William F. Sharpe

William Forsyth Sharpe (born June 16, 1934) is an American economist. He a the professor at Stanford University's Graduate School of Business. He won the 1990 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.

Sharpe was known for his works in capital asset pricing model (CAPM).


Merton Miller

Merton Howard Miller (May 16, 1923 – June 3, 2000) was an American economist. He co-created the Modigliani–Miller theorem (1958). He shared the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1990, along with Harry Markowitz and William F. Sharpe. He spent most of his career with the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business.

Trygve Haavelmo

Trygve Magnus Haavelmo (13 December 1911 – 28 July 1999) was a Norwegian economist. His works focused on econometrics. He won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1989.

Maurice Allais

Maurice Félix Charles Allais (31 May 19119 October 2010) was a French physicist and economist. He won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1988. He was best known for his works about neoclassical synthesis.

Franco Modigliani

Franco Modigliani (18 June 1918 – 25 September 2003) was an Italian-American economist. He won the 1985 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics. He was a professor at University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, Carnegie Mellon University, and MIT Sloan School of Management.

Gérard Debreu

Gérard Debreu (; 4 July 1921 – 31 December 2004) was a French economist and mathematician. He was a professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley. He won the 1983 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.

W. Arthur Lewis

Sir William Arthur Lewis (January 23, 1915 – June 15, 1991) was a Saint Lucian economist. He was the James Madison Professor of Political Economy at Princeton University. Lewis was known for his works about economic development. In 1979, he won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.

Theodore Schultz

Theodore William Schultz (; 30 April 1902 – 26 February 1998) was an American economist. He was the chairman of the University of Chicago Department of Economics. He won the 1979 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.

Arlington, South Dakota

Arlington is a city in Brookings and Kingsbury counties in the State of South Dakota. The population was 915 at the 2020 census.

De Smet, South Dakota

De Smet is a city in and the county seat of Kingsbury County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,056 at the 2020 census.

Herbert A. Simon

Herbert Alexander Simon (June 15, 1916 – February 9, 2001) was an American economist, political scientist and cognitive psychologist. He was best known for the theories of "bounded rationality" and "satisficing". He won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1978 and the Turing Award in 1975.

James Meade

James Edward Meade, (23 June 1907 – 22 December 1995) was a British economist. He won the 1977 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Scienceswith Swedish economist Bertil Ohlin for their "pathbreaking work to the theory of international trade and international capital movements".

Bertil Ohlin

Bertil Gotthard Ohlin () (23 April 1899 – 3 August 1979) was a Swedish economist and politician. He was a professor of economics at the Stockholm School of Economics from 1929 to 1965.

He was also leader of the People's Party. He was Minister for Trade from 1944 to 1945. He was President of the Nordic Council in 1959 and 1964.

Ohlin won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1977 together with the British economist James Meade "for their pathbreaking work to the theory of international trade and international capital movements".


David Card

David Edward Card (born 1956) is a Canadian-American labour economist. He was the Professor of Economics at the University of California, Berkeley. He was awarded half of the 2021 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences "for his works to labour economics", with Joshua Angrist and Guido Imbens.


Guido Imbens

Guido Wilhelmus Imbens (born September 3, 1963) is a Dutch-American economist. He is Professor of Economics at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. He taught at Harvard University, UCLA, and UC Berkeley. He was the editor of "Econometrica" beginning in 2019.

Imbens was awarded half of the 2021 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with Joshua Angrist "for their works to the analysis of causal relationships", with David Card awarded the other half.

Joshua Angrist

Joshua David Angrist (born September 18, 1960) is an Israeli-American economist. He is the Ford Professor of Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 2021, Angrist won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics, together with David Card and Guido Imbens.


Megumi Yokota

She was one of at least seventeen Japanese citizens kidnapped by North Korea in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 

The North Korean government said that they kidnapped Yokota, but also said that she died in captivity. Yokota's parents and others in Japan believe that she is still alive in North Korea.

On September 19, 2017, President of the United States Donald Trump, in a speech to the United Nations General Assembly, included Yokota in a series of accusations against the North Korean government. 

Bello Matawalle

Bello Muhammad Matawalle (born February 12, 1962) is a Nigerian politician. He is the Governor of Zamfara State, Nigeria.

Matawalle was born in Maradun Local Government Area of Zamfara. He went to school at VTC Bunza and graduated in 1984. He went to college at Yaba College of Technology, Lagos and later to Thames Valley University, London.

Matawalle was teacher at Government Girls College Moriki and Kwatarkoshi. He later left teaching and joined the Federal Ministry of Water Resources. Matawalle entered politics in 1998 when he ran for a house of assembly seat. He joined the United Nigeria Congress Party (UNCP). After the death of Sani Abacha, who was the head of state, Abdulsalami Abubakar succeeded him and dissolved the political parties. Abubakaar announced that elections would hold in.

Matawalle served as Zamfara State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Commissioner for Environment, Rural Development and then Commissioner for Youth and Sports between 1999 and 2003.

Olav Nilsen

Nils Olav Nilsen (24 January 1942 – 11 October 2021) was a Norwegian footballer. He was a striker in his early career. He scored 19 goals in 62 matches for the Norway national football team between 1962 until 1971.

Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi

Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi (born 27 May 1965) is a Nigerian politician, former Governor of River State and currently serving as the Minister of Transportation in the cabinet of President Muhammadu Buhari. 

Amaechi was born and raised in Ubima, Ikwerre Local Government Area of Rivers State. Amaechi holds a Bachelor of Arts degree (Honours) in English Studies and Literature from the University of Port Harcourt where he served as a President of the National Union of Rivers State Students (NURSS).

Amaechi was Secretary of the National Republican Convention in Ikwerre Local Government Area of Rivers State. He was Special Assistant to the Deputy Governor of Rivers State, Peter Odili. He was the Rivers State's Secretary of the Democratic Party of Nigeria (DPN) caretaker committee during the transition programme of Sani Abacha.

Ameachi contested and won a seat to become a member of the Rivers State House of Assembly. Amaechi was the Chairman of Nigeria's Conference of Speakers of State Assemblies.

Amaechi worked with Governor Peter Odili to increase the harmonious relationship between the Executive and Legislative arms of government in Rivers State when his as a speaker.

Ramon Barba

Ramon Cabanos Barba (August 31, 1939 – October 10, 2021) was a Filipino inventor and horticulturist. He was best known for inventing a way to create more flowers in mango trees using ethrel and potassium nitrate. He was honored as a National Scientist of the Philippines in June 2014. Barba was born in San Nicolas, Philippines. 

Barba died on October 10, 2021 at the age of 82.

World History Encyclopedia

World History Encyclopedia (formerly Ancient History Encyclopedia) is a non-profit encyclopedia created in 2009 by Jan van der Crabben.

Van der Crabben founded Ancient History Encyclopedia in 2009 with the stated goal of improving history education worldwide by creating a freely accessible and reliable history source. The non-profit organization is based in Godalming, United Kingdom and Montreal, Canada, although it has no office and its team is globally distributed.

The site had an emphasis on ancient history when it was founded, but it later shifted to cover the Medieval and early Modern periods as well. In 2021, the organization renamed itself World History Encyclopedia to reflect this change.

The website has received praise by educational organizations and has been recommended by the School Library Journal, the Internet Scout Research Group at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, MERLOT and the European Commission's Open Education Europa initiative. In 2016, it won the .eu Web Award for education from the organization EURid.

Business Line

The paper is printed at 17 centres across India, reaching metros as well as emerging Tier I and Tier II cities. Business Line has a daily circulation of 1,17,000 copies, per the Audit Bureau of Circulation in 2016.

Laguna Hills, California

Laguna Hills (; "Laguna", Spanish for "Lagoon") is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Issei Sagawa

, also known as Pang or The Kobe Cannibal, is a Japanese murderer, cannibal, and necrophile. He killed Renée Hartevelt in Paris in 1981.

Sagawa murdered Hartevelt then ate and raped her corpse over several days. Sagawa was arrested but released after two years of pre-trial detention found him legally insane and deported to Japan.

Greater Montreal

Greater Montreal () is the most populous metropolitan area in Quebec and the second most populous in Canada after the Greater Toronto metropolitan area. It includes the city of Montreal, the rest of the municipalities on the Island of Montreal that are not part of the city of Montreal, the cities of Laval, Longueuil, Terrebonne, Brossard and Repentigny.

Gaming computer

A gaming PC is a personal computer that is specialized for playing video games. People generally build gaming pcs.

Pierre Menard

Pierre Menard was the 1st lieutenant governor of Illinois (1818–1822). He was a fur trader and U.S. political figure. Pierre Menard was born at St. Antoine-sur-Richelieu, near Montreal, Canada. He was the third in a family of ten children. His father was Jean Baptiste Ménard, a French soldier in the regiment of Guyenne. Born October 7, 1766 in Saint-Antoine-sur-Richelieu, Canada and died June 13, 1844 in Randolph County, IL. He had 2 spouses: Therese Godin ​ ​(m. 1792; died 1804)​ Angelique Saucier ​ ​(m. 1806; died 1839). He was in the Democratic Party of Illinois.

Almost prime

A two-digit number ab is called almost prime if one obtains a two-digit prime number by changing at most one of its digits a and b. (For example, 18 is an almost prime number because 13 is a prime number).

is called almost prime if one obtains a two-digit prime number by changing at most one of its digits  and 

(For example, 18 is an almost prime number because 13 is a prime number).

Love Me Tender (1956 movie)

Love Me Tender is a 1956 American musical western movie directed by Robert D. Webb and starring Richard Egan, Debra Paget, Elvis Presley, Mildred Dunnock, James Drury, Russ Conway, Neville Brand, Robert Middleton, L. Q. Jones, Bruce Bennett. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


London Film Academy

London Film Academy (LFA) is a British film school. It is located in Fulham, London, England. It was created in 2001 as a non-profit. The main purpose of the school is to teach courses on skills used to make movies. 

London Film Academy was created in 2001. It was made to teach movie courses that focused on the art of celluloid filmmaking. The school has lecturers that were active within the movie industry globally. 

Berthold Woltze

Berthold Woltze (was born: 24th August 1829 in Havelberg; died 29th November 1896 in Weimar) was a German Genre Painter, Portrait Painter and Illustrator

he was a Professor at the Art School, one of his famous works is "Der lästige Kavalier" which translated as "The Irritating Gentleman" or "The Annoying "

The Sound and the Fury (movie)

The Sound and the Fury is a 1959 American movie. Martin Ritt directed it. The story is from the 1929 novel with the same name by William Faulkner. Yul Brynner, Joanne Woodward, Margaret Leighton, Jack Warden, Stuart Whitman, Ethel Waters, Albert Dekker acted in the movie. 20th Century Fox distributed it.

Fair

The word fair can mean


The Wind Cannot Read

The Wind Cannot Read is a 1958 British World War II romantic drama movie directed by Ralph Thomas and was based on the 1946 novel by Richard Mason. It stars Dirk Bogarde, Yoko Tani, Ronald Lewis, John Fraser, Anthony Bushell, Marne Maitland, Donald Pleasence and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Beat Arnold

Beat Arnold (24 April 1978 – 10 October 2021) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss People's Party (SVP). He was the National Council from 2015 to 2019. 

Jim Coley

Jim Coley (February 11, 1951 – October 10, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 97th district from 2007 to 2021. Coley was born in Houston, Texas.

Coley died on October 10, 2021 from dementia-related problems at the age of 70. 

Emiliano Aguirre

Emiliano Aguirre Enríquez (5 October 1925 – 11 October 2021) was a Spanish paleontologist. He was a member of the Academy of Fine Arts and History 'Institución Fernán González'.

Aguirre died on 11 October 2021, six days after his 96th birthday.

Tony DeMarco

Tony DeMarco (January 14, 1932 – October 11, 2021), born Leonardo Liotta was an American boxer. He was a World Welterweight Champion. DeMarco was added into the International Boxing Hall of Fame as a member of the class of 2019.

Lavoisier Maia

Lavoisier Maia Sobrinho (9 October 1928 – 11 October 2021) was a Brazilian physician and politician. He was born in Catolé do Rocha, Paraíba, Brazil. Maia was a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party. 

Maia was Governor of Rio Grande do Norte from 1979 until 1983. He was a Senator from 1987 until 1995. Maia was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1999 until 2007.

Maia died on 11 October 2021 in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil at the age of 93.

Catolé do Rocha

Catolé do Rocha is a city in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.

Antônio Afonso de Miranda

Antônio Afonso de Miranda (14 April 1920 – 11 October 2021) was a Brazilian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Cipotânea, Minas Gerais, Brazil. He was the Bishop of Taubaté from 1981 until 1996. Miranda became a priest in 1945.

Miranda died on 11 October 2021 in Cipotânea, Brazil at the age of 101.


Cipotânea

Cipotânea is a Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its area is 153.435 km². In 2020, 6,799 people lived here.

History of Mexican Americans in California

California has a large Mexican American population. Mexicans had lived in California since the late 1700's.

The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker

The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker is a 1959 American comedy movie directed by Henry Levin and was based on the 1953 play of the same name. It stars Clifton Webb, Dorothy McGuire, Charles Coburn, Ron Ely, Jill St. John, Ray Stricklyn, Dorothy Stickney and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Flag of Georgia (U.S. state)

The state flag of Georgia features a design that represents the laws and values of the state. The flag features the national colors of the United States.

Flag of Tennessee

The Tennessee state flag is crimson with a blue circle in the middle containing three white stars. The three stars represent the divisions of Tennessee into middle, east and west. The blue circle is symbolic of the eternal unity of the three sections of the state. A navy blue bar is included to give the flag distinction when hanging limp.

Flag of North Carolina

Blue represents vigilance, perseverance & justice; red represents hardiness and valor; white represents purity and innocence. Red and blue are North Carolina's state colors.

Chrisann Brennan

Chrisann Brennan (29 September 1954) is an American painter and writer. 

Flag of Virginia

Virtue symbolizes Virginia and the tyrant symbolizes Britain. The crown symbolizes the end of Britain's sovereignty. In the space below, the Latin motto of Virginia 'Sic Semper Tyrannis' meaning “Thus Always to Tyrants”) is written. Red Virginia creepers and green leaves surround the scene.

Flag of West Virginia

The background of the flag of West Virginia is white, a color that was chosen to symbolize purity. The flag has a blue border, which represents the Union. The coat of arms features multiple colors, including gold, blue, green and yellow. The banner above the shield in the coat of arms is red in color, with the text “State of West Virginia” written in black.

Flag of Mississippi

The new state flag features a magnolia flower, a symbol of hospitality, surrounded by 20 stars, signifying Mississippi's status as the 20th state in the union, and a gold five-point star to reflect Mississippi's indigenous Native American tribes. Mississippi was the second state to secede from the Union and join the Confederacy during the American Civil War.

Fauna of United States

An estimated 432 species of mammals live in the United States. Among the larger game animals are the white-tailed deer, moose, pronghorn, bighorn sheep, mountain goat, black bear, and grizzly bear.

Deon Estus

Jeffery Deon Estus (July 4, 1956 – October 11, 2021) was an American musician and singer. He was best known as the bass player of Wham! and for writing some of George Michael's songs.

He also played with Marvin Gaye, Tina Turner, Frank Zappa, George Clinton, Annie Lennox, Edgar Winter, Aaron Neville and Elton John.

Estus died on October 11, 2021 at the age of 65.


Ben Bowen (disambiguation)

Ben Bowen was a US child whose family raised funds for cancer research after his death from cancer.

Ben Bowen or Benjamin Bowen may also refer to:



The Teahouse of the August Moon (movie)

The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1956 American comedy movie directed by Daniel Mann and was based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Vern J. Sneider. It stars Glenn Ford, Marlon Brando, Paul Ford, Eddie Albert, Jun Negami, Machiko Kyō and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Sawyers

Sawyers is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:



Trails (video game series)

Trails sometimes known in Japan as series is an role-playing video game, developed by Nihon Falcom and published worldwide by Ghostlight, Xseed Games, and NIS America. It is a part of the largest RPG franchises hits "The Legend of Heroes".

Shadow of the Tomb Raider

Shadow of the Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game developed by Eidos Montréal and published by Square Enix European subsidiary. It continues the narrative of the 2015 video game "Rise of the Tomb Raider" and became final of the second reboot trilogy from "Tomb Raider" franchises.

Dailyhunt

Dailyhunt is an Indian news website. It was founded on 2009 by Umang Bedi

Game creation system

A 'Game Creation System' (CGS) is a set of tools that are specialized to be easier to deal with so users can easily make games without lots of the work. Games that include this are: Roblox, and Minecraft.

Phasmahyla spectabilis

Phasmahyla spectabilis is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it as high as 850 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in rainforests. The adult frog lives in bromeliad plants. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over water, and the tadpoles fall into the water when they hatch.

Scientists do not believe this frog is in danger of dying out because the place where it lives is not in danger. Human beings grow trees that the frogs can live in to make shade for cacao cabrucas farms.

Scientists think this frog can make useful chemicals in its skin. But they do not think anyone catches this frog to take the chemicals.

Treehouse of Horror XXXII

"Treehouse of Horror XXXII" is the 3rd episode of The Simpsons 33rd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 10, 2021. It is the 32nd "Treehouse of Horror" episode. The episode has five stories in it (most "Treehouse of Horror" episodes only have three). The episode makes references to "Parasite", "Bambi", "The Ring", "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Little Shop of Horrors", "The Wizard of Oz", and TikTok. Tree Rollins guest stars in the episode as himself. Mr. Sparkle from the episode "In Marge We Trust" is seen in this episode.

Independent Patriots for Change

The Independent Patriots for Change (IPC) is a political party in Namibia. It was founded by Panduleni Itula in August 2020. As an independent presidential candidate in the November 2019 election, Itula won the best result of a losing candidates ever in elections in Namibia. At the founding meeting on 2 August 2020 in Windhoek, Itula was elected party president, Brian Kefas Black chairman and Christine Esperanza !Aochamus general secretary.

The party participated in the 2020 local and regional council elections. It won the municipal elections in the commercial hubs Walvis Bay and Swakopmund, and 29 seats in different constituencies in Northern Namibia, dominated by the SWAPO party of Namibïa.

Haim Saban

Haim Saban is an Israeli-American investor, and producer of records, film, and television.

He is ranked by "Forbes" as the 232nd richest person in America.

Saban was born in Alexandria, Egypt, in an Egyptian-Jewish family. In 1956, the Saban family immigrated to Israel.

He served as a soldier in the Israel Defense Forces.

Saban started his career in 1966 as a bass player.

In the 1970s, Saban moved to France where he worked as a music producer.

He became a television producer, founding Saban Entertainment in 1988.

In August 2003, Saban led a consortium, which acquired ProSiebenSat.1 Media.

Saban sponsors the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee's.

Saban, a long-time supporter of many pro-Jewish and Israel causes. 

Phaunus

The Greek god of forest in Greek Mythology. He is son of Neptune and Kirke. In Nonnus' Dionysiaca he is one of the rustic deities to accompany Dionysus in his war against the Indians.

SoFi Stadium

SoFi Stadium is an entertainment complex in Inglewood, California. SoFi Stadium is home to both the Los Angeles Rams and the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League. It has hosted Super Bowl LVI and the . It is set to host parts of the 2026 FIFA World Cup and some events in the 2028 Summer Olympics, such as the opening ceremony, archery, and football. SoFi Stadium started construction in late 2016 and opened to the public on September 8, 2020.


Abinary gender

Abinary gender represents gender identities that are completely unrelated to the gender binary. Some identify with a binary gender as female or male, others as neither female nor male, as "abinary" or beyond the binary gender model. With the term "abinary people" we refer to persons who do not or not only identify as women* or men* or not (only) female or male. Also common is the self-designation "non-binary," which centers in the word formation by the suffix 'non-' the deviation from a binary norm as a moment of absence, which is why we use the positive self-designation "abinary."

The term abinary may encompass specific identities, such maverique, agender, neutrois, and some xenogenders.

IPC

IPC may refer to:

Apple A5

Apple A5 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at 1.0 GHz (for iPad 2 and iPad mini (1st generation)) or 800 MHz (for iPhone 4S and iPod Touch (5th generation)). It is first released in 2011.

Cottleville, Missouri

Cottleville is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Dardenne Prairie, Missouri

Dardenne Prairie is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Flint Hill, Missouri

Flint Hill is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Missouri Department of Transportation

The Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT — pronounced "MO-dot") is a state government organization in charge of keeping roads, rivers, railroads, and public transit systems in the U.S. state of Missouri safe for the people in the state.

Washington metropolitan area

The Washington metropolitan area (also known as the National Capital Region and colloquially as the DMV for "D.C., Maryland, Virginia") is the metropolitan area centered on Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. The area includes all of the federal district and parts of the U.S. states of Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia.

Illinois Route 150

Illinois Route 150 (IL 150) is a east–west state road in southern Illinois. It runs from Missouri Route 51 in the state of Missouri, to Illinois Route 154 in Perry County. It is long.

Interstate 124

Interstate 124 (I-124) is an unsigned highway for a short segment of a four-lane highway in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The road has not been signed as I-124 since the late 1980s (it is marked on overhead signs and mile markers as US 27), and the Tennessee Department of Transportation official map no longer designates it as I-124, but some publications still make reference to the designation. It is long.

Harry Turpin Stadium

Harry Turpin Stadium is a stadium in Natchitoches, Louisiana, United States. is the home stadium for the Northwestern State University football team

Bacon's Rebellion

Bacon's Rebellion was an armed uprising in British Colonial Virginia in 1676. It is named after Nathanial Bacon, a man who moved from England to Virginia. He fought against his cousin, William Berkeley, who was governor of Virginia at the time. Bacon wanted to fight against all the Native Americans in Virginia and make them leave. Berkeley only wanted to attack Native Americans who attacked white settlers first.

The white people living in Virginia had problems in the 1670s. They grew tobacco to sell, but the prices had gone down. Also, manufactured goods from England cost more and because of mercantilism, the colonists were not allowed to make their own things. This made them want someone to blame. Many of them blamed American Indians who also lived in Virginia.

First, the Doeg Indians attacked a plantation belonging to Thomas Matthews. Matthews owed them money and had not paid. The colonists attacked the Indians back. But they attacked the wrong group. They attacked Susquehanaug Indians, not Doeg Indians. Then many groups of American Indians began to attack the colonists.

William Berkeley tried to make peace. He invited Indian chiefs to a meeting, but they were murdered. Colonists kept attacking Native Americans no matter what Berkeley said. Then Berkeley started a meeting called the Long Assembly. He took gunpowder away from peaceful Native Americans and promised the colonists he would send the army to attack Native Americans who were not peaceful (according to him). However, he raised taxes to pay the army. The colonists did not like this. At the Long Assembly, Berkeley also made rules for trading with Native Americans so no one could give them guns or other war supplies. But he gave favors to his friends. The colonists did not like this either.

Bacon and his friends kept attacking different groups of American Indians. Berkeley came with "well-armed gentlemen" to find Bacon. Bacon and 200 men ran away into the woods. Berkeley declared Bacon a rebel. Bacon kept attacking American Indians.

Berkeley offered to pardon Bacon if he would stop, turn himself in, and go to England for trial. But the Virginia government, the House of Burgesses, said Bacon had to come and beg forgiveness. Other Virginians liked Bacon's actions so much that they voted for him to be in the House of Burgesses.

When Bacon showed up to the June Assembly, Berkeley caught him. But instead of putting him in prison, he pardoned him. Bacon took his seat in the Assembly.

At the Assembly, Bacon got into a fight about what to do about Native Americans. He walked out and came back with armed men. Bacon told Berkeley to name him General and let him keep fighting American Indians. Berkeley said no and told Bacon to shoot him instead. But eventually, Berkeley changed his mind and told Bacon to keep fighting Indians. After that, Bacon had more control over Jamestown than Berkeley did. Berkeley even left the town for a while.

Bacon and Berkeley fought with armies over who would control Jamestown. They both tried to get white indentured servants and black slaves to join their side. More of these servants and slaves wanted to join Bacon because they knew that they could get more land if there were no American Indians living nearby. At one point, Bacon's fighters set Jamestown on fire. They kept fighting until Bacon died of disease in October 1676.

Berkeley retook Jamestown and hanged 23 people who had helped Bacon. He also took property away Bacon's supporters without a trial. King Charles II told Berkeley he could not be governor of Virginia any more. Berkeley went back to England and died there in 1677.

Some people say Bacon was one of the people who pushed for reform at the Assembly of June 1676, but he wasn't. The Assembly did decide to let freed slaves vote and other good things, but those laws had already been started before Bacon's rebellion.

Before and during the 20th century, historians thought of Bacon's Rebellion as the first time Americans fought against unjust government. They said it was like the American Revolutionary War, but sooner. The Revolution started exactly one hundred years later in 1776.

21st century historians disagreed. They said it was about two selfish leaders instead: Berkeley and Bacon.

Historians note that white and black people fought together on the same side, both poor free whites, poor free blacks, indentured white servants and enslaved blacks.

University of Louisiana at Monroe

The University of Louisiana Monroe (ULM) is a public university in Monroe, Louisiana. It is part of the University of Louisiana System.

Louisiana Governor's Mansion

The Louisiana Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the Governor of Louisiana and their family. The Governor’s Mansion was built in 1963 when Jimmie Davis was Governor of Louisiana. The Mansion overlooks Capital Lake near the Louisiana State Capitol in Baton Rouge.

Julia McIlvaine

Julia Margaret Fenno McIlvaine, (born October 13, 1986), is an American character actress. She is best known for voicing June on "KaBlam!". She also has a career in singing, dance and atheltics. She has been in numerous theater plays, commercials and movies.

Saint-Chéron, Essonne

Saint-Chéron () is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France. The village is named after Saint Caraunus.

Hubert Germain

Hubert Germain (6 August 1920 – 12 October 2021) was a French politician. He was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. He was the last living Companion of the Order of Liberation. He was mayor of Saint-Chéron between 1953 and 1965. He was deputy for Paris's 14th constituency from 1962 to 1967, from 1968 to 1972, and in 1973.

Germain died in Paris on 12 October 2021 at the age of 101.

Harry Black and the Tiger

Harry Black and the Tiger is a 1958 British adventure movie directed by Hugo Fregonese and was based on the novel Harry Black by David Walker. It stars Stewart Granger, Barbara Rush, Anthony Steel, I. S. Johar, Martin Stephens, Harold Siddons, Gladys Boot and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Raúl Coloma

Raúl Ernesto Coloma Rivas (9 July 1928 – 12 October 2021) was a Chilean footballer. He played in 13 matches for the Chile national football team in 1959 and 1960. 

Coloma died on 12 October 2021 at the age of 93.

Fotini Dekazou Stefanopoulou

Fotini Dekazou Stefanopoulou (; died 7 October 2021) was a Greek academic and politician. She was a member of the Political Spring party. She was a member of the Hellenic Parliament from 1993 to 1996. Stefanopoulou was born in Athens, Greece.

Stefanopoulou died on 7 October 2021 in Athens.

Jorge Antonio Solis

Jorge Antonio Solis (May 1, 1951 – October 8, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was nominated to be a judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas by President George H. W. Bush in 1991. In 2014, he became chief judge. He retired from the court in 2016. Solis was born in San Ygnacio, Texas.

Solis died on October 8, 2021 in Dallas, Texas at the age of 70.

San Ygnacio, Texas

San Ygnacio is a census-designated place (CDP) in Zapata County, Texas, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP population was 504.

Megan Rice

Megan Gillespie Rice S.H.C.J. (Society of the Holy Child Jesus) (January 31, 1930 – October 10, 2021) was an American anti-nuclear activist, Catholic nun, and former missionary. She was known for illegally entering the Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, at the age of 82, with two fellow activists of the Transform Now Plowshares group. 

Rice was sentenced to almost three years in prison. In May 2015, the conviction for sabotage was removed by a federal appeals court. Rice was released within a week.

Silentó

Richard Lamar Hawk (born January 22, 1998), better known as Silentó () or Prince Silentó, is a retired American rapper and singer. He is best known for his first single "Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae)". The song charted at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100. 

On February 1, 2021, he was arrested in DeKalb County, Georgia and charged in the murder of his cousin, Frederick Rooks.

Mo Willems

Maurice Charles Willems (born February 11, 1968) is an American writer, animator, voice actor and children's book author. His work includes creating the animated television series Sheep in the Big City for Cartoon Network, working on Sesame Street and The Off-Beats, and creating the popular children's book series Elephant and Piggie.

Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae)

"Watch Me" (also known as Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae)) is the first single of American rapper Silentó. In March 2015, he was signed to Capitol Records.

The song peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. With a viral clip on YouTube, the song was popular for its dance: the "Whip" and the "Nae Nae". 

Paddy Moloney

Paddy Moloney (; 1 August 1938 – 11 October 2021) was an Irish musician, composer, and producer. He co-founded and led the Irish musical group The Chieftains. 

He died on 11 October 2021, aged 83.

Helena Modjeska

Helena Modrzejewska (; born Jadwiga Benda, (12 October 1840 – 8 April 1909), known professionally as Helena Modjeska, was a Polish actress. She was known for performing many Shakespearean plays. Modjeska was born in Kraków, Poland. 

Modjeska died on 8 April 1909 in Newport Beach, California from Bright's disease at the age of 68.


Christine Laszar

Christine Laszar (born 19 December 1931) is a German actress. She was born in Ortelsburg, East Prussia, Weimar Germany. She was known for working with Deutscher Fernsehfunk. Her career began in the 1950s and she retired in the 1980s. Her best known movies were "Geschwader Fledermaus", "Before the Lightning Strikes", "For Eyes Only" and "Schwarzer Samt".

Olumide Akpata

Olumide Akpata (born October 7, 1972) is a Nigerian legal practitioner and the president of the Nigerian Bar Association.

Akpata has a bachelor's degree in law from University of Benin, Edo state. He was then called to the bar and served in the National Youth Service Corps in Kano State.

Akpata began his legal practice in Delta state under the instruction of Dr.(SAN) Mudiaga Odje. He later moved to Lagos State to team up a chamber where he worked with his relatives.

On July 30, 2020, he became president of the Nigerian Bar Association, defeating his closest rival Babatunde Ajibade (SAN) who polled and Dele Adesina (SAN). 

Salihu Mustafa

Salihu Mustafa, FNSE, FAENG, FNAHS, FAS, (born 1948), is a Nigerian academic, engineer and former Vice-Chancellor of Federal University of Technology Yola (FUTY), Yola, Adamawa State, Nigeria.

Mustafa went to Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Kaduna where he graduated with B.Eng (Civil Engineering) degree. He also obtained an M.Sc. degree in civil engineering with specialization in Water Resources Technology from University of Birmingham in the UK and Ph.D. in Civil Engineering from the University of Strathclyde, Scotland.

Mustafa began his career at Ahmadu Bello University’s Department of Civil Engineering Zaria, Kaduna as Assistant Lecturer. He spent Fourteen years where he rose to the rank of Associate Professor of Civil Engineering and was appointed full Professor of Civil Engineering at Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University (ATBU). He was appointed the Vice-Chancellor of Federal University of Technology Yola (FUTY). He was the Chairman Planning Committee for the establishment of Adamawa State University, Mubi and Chairman, Planning and Implementation Committee for the establishment of American University of Nigeria. 

Northern flicker

The northern flicker is a large sized woodpecker bird with a slim and rounded head.It is also known as the clape, gaffer woodpecker, harry-wicket, heigh-ho, wake-up, walk-up, wick-up, yarrup, and gawker bird. Many of these names come from some of its calls. It is the state bird of Alabama (known by one of its name "yellowhammer").

They are well known for eating ants off the ground, something that is different from other woodpeckers.
Flickers appear to be brownish. The color of their underside of the wing and tail feathers varies, for example bright yellow for eastern birds, or red in western birds.

The Last Hurrah

The Last Hurrah is a 1958 American drama movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Edwin O'Connor. It stars Spencer Tracy, Dianne Foster, Jeffrey Hunter, Pat O'Brien, Donald Crisp, Edward Brophy, James Gleason, Basil Rathbone, John Carradine, Edmund Lowe, Wallace Ford, Basil Ruysdael, Frank Albertson and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Fred Upton

Frederick Stephen Upton (born April 23, 1953) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for since 1987. He is a member of the Republican Party. Upton is the first and only U.S. Representative in U.S. history to vote to impeach two U.S. presidents. He voted for the impeachment of Bill Clinton in 1998 and the second impeachment of Donald Trump in 2021. His niece is supermodel Kate Upton.

On April 5, 2022, Upton announced he would not run for reelection that year.


Greg Walden

Gregory Paul Walden (born January 10, 1957) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1999 to 2021. He is a Republican. 

In October 2019, Walden announced that he would not run for reelection in 2020.

Brookings, Oregon

Brookings is a city in Curry County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,744.

Tigard, Oregon

Tigard is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States. The population was 54,539 at the 2020 census.

Redmond, Oregon

Redmond is a city in Deschutes County, Oregon, United States. 

Tualatin, Oregon

Tualatin () is a city in Washington County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The population was 27,942 at the 2020 census.

Canby, Oregon

Canby is a city in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States. The population was 18,171 at the 2020 census.

Happy Valley, Oregon

Happy Valley is a suburban city in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area. 

Sherwood, Oregon

Sherwood is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2020 census, Sherwood had a population of 20,450 residents.

Woodburn, Oregon

Woodburn is a city in Marion County, Oregon, United States.

Woodburn is part of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area. It had a population of 26,013 at the 2020 census.

Forest Grove, Oregon

Forest Grove is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States, west of Portland. The population was 26,225 at the 2020 census.

Newberg, Oregon

Newberg is a city in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 25,138.

Fossil, Oregon

Fossil is a city in and the county seat of Wheeler County, Oregon, United States. 

Moro, Oregon

Moro is a city in Sherman County, Oregon, United States. The population was 367 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Sherman County.

Konthoujam Lairembi Stone Inscription

The Konthoujam Lairembi Stone Inscription (; ) or Konthoujam Lairemma Stone Inscription (; ) is a stone inscription found in the Konthoujam village of Manipur.

The stone inscription is in the sacred temple complex of Goddess Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi () in the Konthoujam village. It is on the south of the National Highway No. 53 in the west of Imphal city. The stone engaged in this inscription is the sandstone. The inscription consists of 14 lines of writings in Meitei language (Manipuri language) in archaic Meetei script.
Notably, the writings from the fifth to the seventh lines were highly damaged and distorted. So, proper study on these particular lines has been very hard and unsuccessful.

It does not mention any particular date. But paleographic study confirmed that it was written in two different times. The first 7 lines of writings have been assigned to the time of King Khagemba (1592 AD-1652 AD). The remaining 7 lines of writings are assigned to the time of King Charairongba (1697 AD-1709 AD).

The inscription shows that King Khagemba assigned compulsory state duty for the Konthoujam clan to worship goddess Huimu Leima. Notably, the Loyumba Shinyen Constitution also assigned the Konthoujam clan to look after the worship of Goddess Huimu Leima, and not Konthousu (Tampha Lairembi). And according to the Konthoujam Nongarol (), Goddess Huimu Leima is the mother of goddess Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi (Chingphulon Konthousu), the one who got married to Salailen (Soraren), the king of heaven.


The Great Race

The Great Race is a 1965 American adventure comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Jack Lemmon, Tony Curtis, Natalie Wood, Peter Falk, Keenan Wynn, Arthur O'Connell, Vivian Vance, Dorothy Provine, Larry Storch, Ross Martin, Denver Pyle. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1966.


WKRP in Cincinnati

WKRP in Cincinnati was an American sitcom. It ran for 4 seasons and 90 episodes between September 1978 and April 1982. It stars Gary Sandy, Gordon Jump, Howard Hesseman, Richard Sanders, Loni Anderson, Frank Bonner, Tim Reid and was followed up by reboot in 1991 as "The New WKRP in Cincinnati".

Adventure in Manhattan

Adventure in Manhattan is a 1936 American thriller movie directed by Edward Ludwig and starring Jean Arthur, Joel McCrea, Reginald Owen, Thomas Mitchell, Victor Kilian, John Gallaudet, Emmett Vogan, Robert Warwick. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Anti-Mexican sentiment

Anti-Mexican sentiment is a dislike towards people of Mexican descent, Mexican culture and/or Mexican Spanish. 

Racism against African Americans

Racism against African Americans dates back to the colonial era, and it continues to be a persistent issue in American society in the 21st century.

Wetback

Wetback is a derogatory term used in the United States to refer to foreign nationals residing in the U.S., most commonly Mexicans. The word mostly targets illegal immigrants in the United States.

Spic

Spic is an ethnic slur used in the United States for people from Spanish-speaking countries, especially those in Latin America.

Beaner

Beaner is a derogatory slur towards Mexicans and Mexican Americans. The term comes from the fact that beans are popular in Mexican cuisine.

Gliese 422 b

Gliese 422 b is an Extrasolar planet orbiting Red dwarf, the planet was discovered in 2014, and the discovery was confirmed in 2020.

BridgeOS

bridgeOS is an operating system created and developed by Apple Inc. for use exclusively with its hardware. bridgeOS runs on the T series Apple silicon processors and operates the OLED touchscreen strip called the "Touch Bar" as well as multiple other functions, including managing the encrypted data in their Secure Enclave and acting as a gatekeeper and video codec to the device's cameras. bridgeOS is a heavily modified version of Apple's watchOS.

Spym india

SPYM is a non-profit organisation with a countrywide network. Spym was founded by Dr Zeenat Naquatee and Dr Rajesh Kumar in 1986, from the hostel of Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. SPYM working in the area of community mobilization, health care and socio-economic development for the Urban poor with a special focus on homeless people and population victims or valuable substance use disorder and children in difficult circumstances last three decades.

SPYM is run homeless shelter for homeless people across Delhi where essential services to the shelter users like food, toilet Etc. SPYM runs Drop in centre that caters to the needs of children vulnerable and dependent on drugs. This centre has been set up in Delhi, Which had a large concentration of street children, many of whom are rag-pickers. Also, SPYM is managing Targeted Intervention Sites for HIV/AIDS prevention among Injecting Drug Users and long distance Truck drivers.


Reference.com

Reference.com is an online encyclopedia that organizes content that uses a question-and-answer format. Articles are organized into hierarchical categories.

Before IAC restructured the site following an acquisition in 2008, Reference.com comprised multiple reference works, and disclosed its sources.

Reference.com was launched by InReference, Inc in February 1997. The site was later acquired by Lexico Publishing Group, LLC. In 2005, Lexico announced that Reference.com would begin offering searches of Wikipedia content.

The popularity of Dictionary.com had been greatly boosted by Google's practice of offering a link at the top of their search results that goes to the Dictionary.com definition. This exclusive relationship was terminated without explanation to the public when the Google links were redirected to definitions at Answers.com. (In December 2009, the Answers.com links were replaced with Google's own dictionary.) Google added a Dictionary.com definition link for certain search words in a non-exclusive relationship (along with links to definitions from a few other commercial reference websites). On 3 July 2008, IAC acquired Lexico Publishing Group, LLC and its three properties: Thesaurus.com, Reference.com, and Dictionary.com.

Reference.com reproduces content from external sources. The site's sources include other online dictionaries, encyclopedias, and a search of terms found on other websites such as Wikipedia and the CIA "World Factbook". The site can also search Usenet groups and other mailing lists.

The encyclopedia had articles from such sources as the 2004 "Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia", the "Crystal Reference Encyclopedia", and (later) the English Wikipedia. Its online dictionary indexed the "American Heritage Dictionary", "Easton's 1897 Bible Dictionary", the Jargon File, the "Kernerman English Multilingual Dictionary", Acronym Finder, "Stedman's Medical Dictionary", "Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary", the "On-line Medical Dictionary", and "WordNet". Its thesaurus was based on multiple versions of "Roget's Thesaurus". The site's web directory was an interface to the Open Directory Project, and its web search feature used Google Search. An interface to Google Translate was added in 2008.

Reference.com in 2010 topped the list compiled by "The Wall Street Journal" ranking websites by how many third-party tracking cookies were added to the user's computer. Reference.com added 234 tracking cookies when encountering a first-time user.

Pokkanchery

Pokkanchery is a place in Thrissur district of Kerala, India. The place is notable for electoral ward in Vadanapally Gram panchayat.


Riele Downs

Riele West Downs is a Canadian-American actress who portrays Charlotte Page on the Nickelodeon crime-fighting sitcom, "Henry Danger".

Riele Downs was born and raised in Toronto, Canada. She is an actress best known for her role as Charlotte in "Henry Danger". Downs has starred in a slew of movies including The Best Man Holiday, Ruby Skye P.I.: The Maltese Puppy, and The Gabby Douglas Story. She also appeared in A Russell Peters Christmas Special back in 2011. In 2017, she performed a lead role in the Nickelodeon original movie "Tiny Christmas" alongside fellow Nickelodeon star Lizzy Greene..


Edassery

Edassery is a village in the district of Thrissur in the state of Kerala, India.


Vadanappally

Vadanappally (Vatanappilly/Vadanapally) is a panchayat and census town in Thrissur district, in the state of Kerala, India. It is a suburb of thrissur city.


Answers.com

Answers.com is a Quiz website in which the staff create questions and answers.

Thalikulam

Thalikulam is a village in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala, India.

Loiyumba

Meidingu Loyumba () or Ningthou Loiyumba () (1074 AD-1122 AD) was a ruler of Manipur (Kangleipak). He is best known for introducing Loiyumpa Silyel, the first written constitution to the kingdom in 1110 AD. He was a good ruler and there were peace during his time. He assigned a particular duty to every family () in the kingdom. He divided his kingdom into 6 panas or districts (circles for administrative convenience). According to many historians, the coronation of King Loyumba marks the end of Ancient Manipur and the beginning of Medieval Manipur in the history of Manipur kingdom.

He introduced Lallup system, the self imposed compulsory military education system into the kingdom in 1074 AD. He initially introduced the Shammi Lanmi Phi shawl, crafted by the Khoisnam family. This heavily ornamental clothing is usually rewarded as costly gifts by the Kings to the successful tribal hunters and warriors.

The Storm Rider

The Storm Rider is a 1957 American western movie directed by Edward Bernds and was based on the short story "Longrider Jones" by L. L. Foreman. It stars Scott Brady, Mala Powers, Bill Williams, William Fawcett, Roy Engel, George Keymas, Olin Howland, Bud Osborne and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Phasmahyla guttata

The spotted leaf frog ("Phasmahyla guttata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains not far from the ocean. People have seen it between 50 and 1200 meters above sea level.

The female frog lays eggs on leaves over streams. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the stream below.

Scientists do not believe this frog is in danger of dying out because the place where it lives is not in danger even though, in the past, humans cut down trees to make towns, farms, and places for cows to eat grass.

Scientists think this frog can make useful chemicals in its skin. But they do not think anyone catches this frog to take the chemicals.

Jeff Bass

Jeffrey "Jeff" Bass (born May 16, 1961) is an American music producer from Detroit, Michigan, best known as one half of the Bass Brothers and for his work with Eminem. Bass was signed to a contract by Quincy Jones in 1980 at 19 years old. 

He co-produced the song "Lose Yourself", alongside Eminem which won the Oscar for Best Original Song at the 75th Academy Awards. The song was featured in the movie 8 Mile, which starred Eminem in his Movie debut.

Aftermath Entertainment

Aftermath Entertainment is an American record label founded by hip hop producer and rapper Dr. Dre. It is part of Universal Music Group's Interscope Records.

Nela the Little Reporter

Nela (born in 2005), known also as Nela the Little Reporter (), is a traveler, author of travel books and TV programs aired on National Polish TV TVP ABC.
Ajmer district

Ajmer District is a district in Rajasthan. The city of Ajmer is the district headquarters.

Ajmer District has an area of 8,481 km, and a population of 2,583,052 (2011 census). Three main religions are; Hindu 1,869,044, Muslim 244,341, Jains 47,812. The district is in the center of Rajasthan, and is bordered to the north by the Nagaur District, to the east by the Jaipur, to the south by the Tonk, Bhilwara District, and to the west by the Pali District.


Heropanti 2

Heropanti 2 () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language romantic action film directed by Ahmed Khan. It is the sequel to Heropanti. The film stars Tiger Shroff, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, and Tara Sutaria. It is written by Rajat Arora and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala under the banner of Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment. It was released on April 29, 2022.
RJ is an innocent young man who lives with his mother Hema in Yorkshire and works as a bouncer in a bar. RJ leaves for a job interview where Inaaya, a self-made millionaire from the gaming industry, sees RJ and alleges that he is her ex-boyfriend Babloo Ranawat. RJ makes it clear that he doesn't know her at all. However, Inaaya's suspicion turns out to be true. Babloo was an infamous hacker recruited by CBI officer Azaad Khan, who offers him a handsome reward to helps them in thwarting the plans of Laila, who is a psychopatic magician and cyber-criminal. Laila has designed an app which steals the data of the users and also usurps the money from their bank accounts.

Babloo infiltrates Laila's gang by wooing Laila's sister Inaaya and begins into getting a good impression of Laila and also gets lured by the money offered by him and betrays Azaad, but soon realizes that the latter is achieving to destroy lives when he meets an ambulance driver's wife Hema (Babloo's mother) where he learns that her husband had saved money for his grandson's education and their dreams, but learns that their bank account had been hacked and the money went missing. Due to this, the driver committed suicide. Due to guilt, Babloo rejoins Azaad and subdues the henchmen and destroys the app's transaction. He fakes his identity as RJ and leaves to start a new life along with his adopted mother Hema.

In the present day, Laila learns that Babloo is hiding in Yorkshire and sends his men to nab him, but Babloo subdues them and fakes his death again. Babloo reveals to Inaaya about Laila's crimes, who joins him in the fight. Babloo leaves for Egypt, Russia and China where Laila had established his crime syndicate and kills the syndicate members. Babloo and Inaaya leaves for Heathrow Airport to receive Hema (Hema had left Babloo to visit Kedar Ghat, India). Laila orders his henchmen to kidnap Babloo's mother and Laila challenges Babloo to stop the extraction of money by throwing various challenges. Babloo overcomes various challenges where he defeats Laila and stops the extraction and leaves with Inaaya and Hema. Humiliated by the defeat, Laila commits suicide. 6 months later, Babloo, Inaaya and Babloo's mother are living in Vietnam where a mission awaits for Babloo.


2021 California wildfires

The California Wildfires 2021 are a series of wildfires. They burned in wild parts of California in the United States. As of July 26, 2021, a total of 5,566 fires happened , with 458,429 acres (185,520 ha) burned in California. Brushfires destroyed at least 323 buildings, and at least 7 firefighters were hurt fighting the fires.

California's wildfire season started earlier in 2021 than it had in other years. There was a long drought and much less rainfall than usual. The reservoirs were also lower than usual. The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said that, in January 2021 alone, 297 fires happened across 1,171 acres (4.74 km2) of non-federal land. This is almost three times the number of fires than the five-year average. It is more than 20 times the area of ​​the five-year average. The January fires were worse because of strong Santa Ana winds. Some of the fires burned in the same areas as previous fires.

The long-term trend is that wildfires in the state are on the increase due to climate change. There were more fires in 2021 than in 2020 season, which in itself was the largest season in the state's recorded history. As of July 11, more than three times as many acres were burned than in 2020. Experts said drought, extreme heat, and less snow in the winter made the fires burn worse. The state also faces an increased risk of landslides after wildfires because the plants that hold the earth in place have burned and died.

Radhe Shyam

Radhe Shyam is a 2022 Indian period romance movie. It was written and directed by Radha Krishna Kumar. The movie stars Prabhas and Pooja Hegde. It was filmed in both Telugu and Hindi languages at the same time. The movieis produced by UV Creations and T-Series. Set in Europe of the 1970s, the music for the movie was written by Justin Prabhakaran. The cinematography was done by Manoj Paramahamsa. Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao was the movie's editor.

Principal photography of the movie started on 6 October 2018. It took place in Hyderabad, Italy and Georgia. The movie was expected to be released on 30 July 2021. This was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The movie was later scheduled to release on 14 January 2022, coinciding with the festival of Sankranthi but was postponed indefinitely due to the surge in Omicron variant cases. The movie finally theatrically released on March 11, 2022.

In 1978 in Italy, Vikramaditya is a world-renowned palmist. Dubbed as the "Einstein of palmistry," he is a disciple of the saint Paramahamsa. Vikramaditya, who does not believe in relationships, instantly falls for doctor Prerana. They meet on a train but separate thereafter. One day, Vikramaditya reads the palm of businessman Anand Rajput. As Vikramaditya does not predict the future in his favour, Rajput's men chase him which results in his accident. He admits into Prerana's hospital and is treated there. After recovering, Vikramaditya proposes Prerana to be in a firtationship with him. Prerana, however, leaves the town but Vikramaditya follows her all the way. She accepts and they begin to date each other. Prerana's uncle, however, asks her not to develop any feelings towards Vikramaditya.
When Vikramaditya and Prerana are traveling on a train, a stranger requests him to read the palm of his daughter, an aspiring archer. He predicts that she does not have any future in sports, and she should instead focus on education. Amazed by Vikramaditya's skill, everyone in the coach ask for predictions by showing their palm but Vikramaditya hesitantly gets down along with Prerana. However, he realizes that everyone on the train is destined to an immediate death. He chases the train to stop it but in vain. Later that evening, the train meets an accident, leading to several casualties. Prerana, who starts to believe in palmistry, asks Vikramaditya to read her palm. He predicts that she would have a long life with a bright future but she faints immediately with a bleeding nose. Prerana is admitted to the hospital where her uncle, who is also a doctor, reveals that she is suffering from an incurable tumor and may die within months. Vikramaditya disagrees since he predicted otherwise but is thrown out of the hospital.
Prerana is now hopeful of her life. Her uncle, on the other hand, believes Vikramaditya is a fraud and only medicine can change her fate. He tests Vikramaditya with dead people's palms, and Vikramaditya deduces all of them correctly. Her uncle changes his mind and trusts Vikramaditya's prediction. As expected, a cure for Prerana's disease was found. Filled with happiness, Prerana proposes Vikramaditya. However, he rejects her saying, he cannot love her as he does not possess a "love-line" and would be leaving the country soon. Dejected Prerana attempts to suicide with grief but comes across Vikramaditya's diary. She learns that Vikramaditya was prepared to sacrifice his life to save her. Before leaving, Vikramaditya takes Prerana to a ballroom dance as per her wish and the couple spends the night intimately. Prerana leaves a note in the diary that she'd choose to give up her life instead when such situation arises. She willingly meets a car accident and is admitted to the hospital.
Vikramaditya is in London for her mother's dance show. She reads Prerana's note in the diary. He calls the hospital and is shocked to know the condition of Prerana. He urges Prerana to live, promising to meet her soon. When Vikramaditya is in a dilemma about his prediction, he comes across the girl in the train who has lost her hand in the accident. She tells Vikramaditya that since she does not have a palm now, she can write her destiny. Vikramaditya who is now in hurry to meet Prerana boards on a cargo ship to Italy which is captained by a person he met in the hospital. However, the ship is caught by a storm in the sea and everyone abandons the ship on the captain's orders. Vikramaditya, however, is trapped in the ship alone. Overwhelmed by the force of nature, Vikramaditya struggles for survival. He recalls his guru Paramahamsa's assertion that palmistry is only 99% accurate, and there are 1% of the people who script their own destiny. Determined to be alive, he uses all his strength to reach a high point and fires a flare gun. The captain returns with a lifeboat. The ship sinks but the drowned Vikramaditya manages to be afloat. Later, Vikramaditya arrives at the hospital and reunites with the recovered Prerana.


The movie was launched on 5 September 2018 tentatively titled as #Prabhas20. Veteran actress Bhagyashree is cast in a crucial role in the movie. The movie is a romantic drama set in 1970's Europe.

Principal photography commenced on 6 October 2018. Filming took place in Hyderabad, Turin (Italy) and Georgia, after which it was suspended due to COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020. Filming resumed in Italy in October 2020. In December 2020, few crucial scenes were shot at the Falaknuma Palace in Hyderabad. Final schedule of the movie began on 25 June 2021 in Hyderabad. Filming was completed wrapped up on 28 July 2021.

A. R. Rahman was reportedly approached to compose music for the movie. However, Rahman did not sign the movie. The movie has two different soundtracks for Hindi and Telugu versions. The Hindi soundtrack is composed by Mithoon, Amaal Mallik, Tanishk Bagchi and Manan Bhardwaj, while Justin Prabhakaran is composing the songs in the Telugu version in addition to the movie score for both versions. Kumaar, Manoj Muntashir, Rashmi Virag, Mithoon,Tanishk Bagchi and Krishna Kanth are providing lyrics for Hindi and Telugu soundtrack respectively.

The movie was originally scheduled to release on 30 July 2021, however, it was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. Later in July 2021, it was announced that the movie will be released on 14 January 2022, co-inciding with the festival of Sankranti, in Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada, and Malayalam languages. But because of the surge in Omicron variant cases, it was postponed.

Consulate General of the United States, Jerusalem

The Consulate General of the United States in Jerusalem was the diplomatic mission of the United States of America accredited to the Palestinian population of the West Bank (including Jerusalem) and the Gaza Strip. In May 2018, the United States moved its embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. In mid-October 2018, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced that the Consulate General would merge with the US Embassy in Jerusalem and that relations with the Palestinians would be conducted through a special Palestinian affairs unit inside the embassy. On March 4, 2019, the Consulate General officially ceased operations and merged with the US Embassy in Jerusalem.
The US Consulate was opened in 1844 in Old Jerusalem, inside Jaffa Gate, in what is today the Swedish Center for Christian Studies. In the late 19th century, the consulate was moved to Al-Anbiya Street. In 1912, it was moved to Kershon Akron Street, in what is now West Jerusalem. The main building, one of the first houses built outside the old city walls, was built in 1868 by the German Lutheran missionary Ferdinand Vester. On May 23, 1948, Consul General Thomas Wesson was assassinated. In 1952, the consulate rented another building on Nablus Road, East Jerusalem. On December 1, 2017, two senior US officials revealed that US President Donald Trump is likely to deliver a speech, Wednesday, December 6, in which he recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will postpone the transfer of the US embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.

Richard Garriott

Richard Allen Garriott de Cayeux ("né" Garriott; born July 4, 1961) is an American video game developer and businessman.

Garriott is the son of NASA astronaut Owen Garriott.

On October 12, 2008, Garriott flew aboard the Soyuz TMA-13 mission to the International Space Station as a private astronaut. He returned 12 days later aboard Soyuz TMA-12. 

Garriott founded the video game development company Portalarium in 2009. He was CEO and creative director of "".

Anousheh Ansari

Anousheh Ansari (; née Raissyan; born September 12, 1966) is an Iranian-American engineer. She is the co-founder and chairwoman of Prodea Systems. 

On September 18, 2006, a few days after her 40th birthday, she became the first Iranian ever in space. Ansari was the fourth overall self-funded space tourist, and the first self-funded woman to fly to the International Space Station. 

Dumont, New Jersey

Dumont is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States census, the borough's population was 17,863, an increase of 384 (+2.2%) from the 2010 census count of 17,479, which in turn reflected a decrease of 24 (−0.1%) from the 17,503 counted in the 2000 census.

The borough was formed on July 20, 1891, as the Borough of Schraalenburgh. It was created from parts of Harrington Township and Palisades Township. This was done because of the results of a referendum held the day before. At this time, many boroughs were created in the county. 26 boroughs were formed in the county in 1894 alone. On March 7, 1898, portions of the borough were annexed to Palisades Township. On June 13, 1898, the borough's name was changed to Dumont . This was in honor of Dumont Clarke, the borough's first mayor.

Guy Laliberté

Guy Laliberté, (born 2 September 1959) is a Canadian billionaire businessman, and poker player. He is the co-founder of Cirque du Soleil. In January 2018, Laliberté was ranked by "Forbes" as the 11th wealthiest Canadian. In September 2009, he became the first Canadian space tourist.

Doug Liman

Douglas Eric Liman (; born July 24, 1965) is an American movie director and producer. He is known for directing "Swingers" (1996), "Go" (1999), "The Bourne Identity" (2002), "Mr. & Mrs. Smith" (2005), "Jumper" (2008), "Edge of Tomorrow" (2014), and "American Made" (2017).


Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith (2005 movie)

Mr. & Mrs. Smith is a 2005 American action comedy movie directed by Doug Liman and written by Simon Kinberg. The movie stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. It is about a bored married couple surprised to find out that they are assassins who have been assigned to kill each other. The movie became known for starting Pitt and Jolie's relationship.

The movie was released in the United States on June 10, 2005.

Intergender

Intergender is a gender identity tied to ones intersex traits or a non-binary gender intermediary between male and female.

Asha-Rose Migiro

Asha-Rose Mtengeti Migiro (born 9 July 1956) is a Tanzanian politician and diplomat who was the Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations from 2007 to 2012.

Jan Eliasson

Jan Kenneth Eliasson (born 17 September 1940) is a Swedish politician. He was Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations from July 2012 to December 2016. He is a member of the Swedish Social Democratic Party. He was Minister for Foreign Affairs from 24 April to 6 October 2006.

Amina J. Mohammed

Amina Jane Mohammed (born 27 June 1961) is a Nigerian politician. She is the fifth Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations. She was Nigerian Minister of Environment from 2015 to 2016.

Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations

The Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations is the deputy to the Secretary-General of the United Nations. It was created by the General Assembly at the end of 1997.

Mark Malloch Brown

George Mark Malloch Brown, Baron Malloch-Brown (born 16 September 1953) is a British diplomat, communications consultant, journalist and former politician. He was president of Open Society Foundations since 2021. For a short time in 2006, he was the 2nd Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations.

Louise Fréchette

Louise Fréchette, OC (born July 16, 1946) is a Canadian politician. She is the 1st United Nations Deputy Secretary-General from 1997 until 2006. From 1992 until 1994, she was the Canadian Ambassador to the United Nations.


Gregory Olsen

Gregory Hammond Olsen (born April 20, 1945) is an American businessman, engineer and scientist. In October 2005, he became the third private citizen to make a self-funded trip to the International Space Station with the company Space Adventures.

Olsen was the co-founder and chairman of Sensors Unlimited Inc.


Socialist Party (Belgium)

The Socialist Party (, PS) is a social democratic political party in Belgium. It is the second largest party in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives and was the largest French speaking party as of 2014.

The party, or its members, have been accused of crimes, mostly bribery and financial fraud.

Berkeley Heights, New Jersey

Berkeley Heights is a township in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 13,285.

Raúl Baduel

Raúl Isaías Baduel (6 July 1955 – 12 October 2021) was a Venezuelan politician and general. He was the Minister of Defense under President Hugo Chávez from 2006 until 2008. He was born in Guárico, Venezuela.

Baduel died on 12 October 2021 at a hospital in Caracas, Venezuela from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by COVID-19, aged 66.

Dragutin Čermak

Dragutin "Miško" Čermak (; 12 October 1944 – 12 October 2021) was a Serbian basketball player and coach. He represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1972 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in 1968. Čermak was born in Belgrade.

Čermak died on his 77th birthday on 12 October 2021 in Belgrade.

Ludwig Haas

Ludwig Haas (16 April 1933 – 4 September 2021) was a German actor. He was best known for playing Dr. Ludwig Dressler in the WDR German television series "Lindenstraße". He was born in Eutin, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Haas played Adolf Hitler in "".

Haas died on 4 September 2021 in Neumünster, Germany at the age of 88.


Agnes Tirop

Agnes Jebet Tirop (23 October 1995 – 13 October 2021) was a Kenyan professional long-distance runner. She mainly competed in the 5000 metres and cross country running. She won bronze medal in the 10,000 metres events at the 2017 and 2019. Tirop also competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Tirop was found dead in her home in Iten, Elgeyo-Marakwet County on 13 October 2021 with multiple stab wounds in the abdomen, aged 25.

Zafar Usmanov

Zafar Juraevich Usmanov (; 26 August 1937 – 13 October 2021) was a Soviet and Tajik mathematician. He was a member of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Tajikistan. He was a professor of Moscow State University and Technological University of Tajikistan.

Shahadat

Shahadat (شہادت), also called Youm-e-Shahadat () is an Islamic holiday that occurs on the first of Muharram, the first month in the Islamic calendar. 

The word Arabic word Shahadat () literally means 'martyrdom'. It is derived from Shaheed () which denotes a martyr in Islam. The word "Shaheed" occurs frequently in the Quran in the generic sense 'witness', but only once in the sense 'martyr'; this latter sense acquires wider use in the hadiths. In Arabic, Shaheed can mean both a 'witness' and a 'martyr'.

On 26 Dhu al-Hijjah, when Umar ibn al-Khattab was praying in the Al-Masjid an-Nabawi, Abu Lulu stabbed him with a double-bladed dagger. Umar died of these wounds on Sunday 1st Muharram of the Islamic year 24.

Shahadat has been an official holiday in Pakistan. Rallies are held in various cities including Lahore. In 2011, Tanzeem Ahl-e-Sunnat Wal Jamaat addressed gatherings in Gilgit and demanded of the government to make arrangements for observing the martyrdom day of Umar at government level. He also demanded that a official holiday should be announced on these important days. In 2014, a number of religious scholars and groups in Lahore arranged seminars. The Sipah-e-Sahaba held out a procession from the Data Darbar which was terminated in front of the Lahore Press Club after passing through various streets of the city. In their speeches, Ulema and Mashaikh demanded that 1st Muharram be declared a public holiday. The Sunni Tehreek also took out a procession to mark the day and paid tributes to Umar. In 2020, Shahadat was officially declared a holiday in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Ray Sullivan

Raymond J. Sullivan Jr. (January 31, 1977 – October 11, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives from 2005 to 2011. He was born in Providence, Rhode Island.

Sullivan died on October 11, 2021 in Providence at the age of 44.

Viktor Bryukhanov

Viktor Petrovich Bryukhanov (Russian: Виктор Петрович Брюханов; 1 December 1935 – 13 October 2021) was an Uzbek politician and engineer. He was the manager of construction of Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant and the director of the plant from 1970 to 1986. Bryukhanov was born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.

Bryukhanov died in Kyiv on 13 October 2021, at the age of 85. The cause of death was multiple strokes caused by Parkinson's disease. 

Timuel Black

Timuel Dixon Black Jr. (December 7, 1918 – October 13, 2021) was an American historian, educator, author and civil rights activist. He was an expert in African American history in Chicago. 

Black began his career as a social worker. During the 1960s, Black was president of the Negro American Labor Council. He was an organizer of the Chicago participation in the 1963 March on Washington.

Black was the named plaintiff in the lawsuit "Black v. McGuffage". The suit claimed that the Illinois voting system discriminated against minorities during the 2000 United States presidential election.

Black died on October 13, 2021 while in hospice care at his Kenwood home in Chicago, Illinois from prostate cancer, aged 102.

Spencer (movie)

Spencer is a 2021 biographical psychological drama movie directed by Pablo Larraín and written by Steven Knight. The movie stars Kristen Stewart as Diana, Princess of Wales (née Spencer). It is about Diana's decision to end her marriage to Prince Charles and leave the British royal family. It also stars Timothy Spall, Sean Harris, and Sally Hawkins.

It will be released on 5 November 2021.

Pablo Larraín

Pablo Larraín Matte (; born 19 August 1976) is a Chilean filmmaker. He has directed eight movies. His best known movies are the Academy Award-nominated movies "No" (2012) and "Jackie" (2016). 

Simu Liu

Simu Liu (; born 19 April 1989) is a Canadian actor and stuntman. He is best known for playing Shang-Chi in the 2021 Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings".

Phoenix metropolitan area

The Phoenix Metropolitan Area – also the Valley of the Sun, the Salt River Valley, or Phoenix Metro (known by most locals simply as “the Valley”) – is the largest metropolitan area in the Southwestern United States, centered on the city of Phoenix, that includes much of the central part of Arizona. The United States Office of Management and Budget designates the area as the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), defining it as Maricopa and Pinal counties. As of the 2020 census, Metro Phoenix had 4,845,832 residents, making it the 11th largest metropolitan area in the nation by population. The gross domestic product of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area was $255 billion in 2018, 16th largest amongst metro areas in the United States.

Au revoir les enfants

Au revoir les enfants (, meaning "Goodbye, Children") is a 1987 French Italian German autobiographical drama movie directed by Louis Malle and starring Gaspard Manesse, Raphaël Fejtö, Philippe Morier-Genoud, Francine Racette, Irène Jacob, Peter Fitz. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1988.


Pretty Baby (1978 movie)

Pretty Baby is a 1978 American erotic drama movie directed by Louis Malle and starring Susan Sarandon, Brooke Shields, Keith Carradine, Frances Faye, Antonio Fargas, Barbara Steele, Seret Scott. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Koichi Sugiyama

Sugiyama was also a council member of the Japanese Society for Rights of Authors, Composers, and Publishers (JASRAC), board member of the Japan Institute for National Fundamentals, and honorary chairman of the Japanese Backgammon Society. 

Sugiyama died on September 30, 2021 from sepsis in Tokyo at the age of 90.

Gary Paulsen

Gary James Paulsen (May 17, 1939 – October 13, 2021) was an American writer. He was best known for coming of age stories about the wilderness. His best known books are "Dogsong" (1985), "The Winter Room" (1989), and "Harris and Me" (1993). He also wrote "Woodsong" (1990) and "" (1994).

He won the Margaret Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 1997.

Paulsen died on October 13, 2021 at the age of 82.

Kongsberg attack

The Kongsberg attack happened on 13 October 2021. A man attacked seven people with a bow and arrow and a knife in Kongsberg, Norway. Five people were killed and two injured, and the suspected perpetrator was taken into custody. The attacker reportedly moved through the town and attacked people at many places before being arrested.

Tone Wilhelmsen Trøen

Tone Wilhelmsen Trøen (born 23 February 1966) is a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party who is a member of the Storting, and served as the President of the Storting from 2018 to 2021.

Eva Kristin Hansen

Eva Kristin Hansen (born 5 March 1973) is a Norwegian politician. She is a member of the Labour Party. She became president of the Storting in 2021; On November 18 she said to media, that she will resign. She has also served as an MP for South Trøndelag since 2005.

Olemic Thommessen

Olaf Michael "Olemic" Thommessen (born 18 April 1956) is a Norwegian politician. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was the President of the Storting from 8 October 2013 until 15 March 2018.

Space Jam (franchise)

Space Jam is an comedy science fiction movie series with basketball players and "Looney Tunes" characters.

The first movie of "Space Jam" starring the basketball player Michael Jordan and the Looney Tunes.

The sequel and second movie of "Space Jam: A New Legacy" starring the basketball player LeBron James and the Looney Tunes.

Just Dance Wii

Just Dance Wii is a Japanese video game franchise based on Just Dance made just for Wii and Wii U systems. The games have a few songs from the actual series. However, most of the series is Japan exclusive.

Just like the regular games, you are tasked to follow the dancer or coach on screen as if you were a reflection in a mirror. The game's UI looks very similar to Just Dance 2, 3 or 2014. The scoring system is the same as the actual titled series and looks exactly like Just Dance. You are tasked to get up to 5 stars. You can play with 4 people (with the exception of Hold My Hand songs that allow you to play with 8 players).


Støre Cabinet

The executive power of the government of Norway is headed by Jonas Gahr Støre. Støre's time in power started in 2021.

On October 14, the cabinet was formed by politicians from two political parties: the Labour party and the Centre Party. The cabinet has (as of 2024) 20 ministers, 56 state secretaries and 21 advisors.

The foreign relations have resulted in a meeting between


Norm Provan

Norman Douglas Somerville Provan (18 December 1932 – 13 October 2021) was an Australian rugby league player and coach. He was also known as "Sticks". He was a second-row forward with St George during the first ten of their eleven premierships in a row, from 1956 to 1966. He also played for the Australian national team from 1954 to 1960. With his country, he earnt 14 Tests and won two Rugby League World Cups. In 2018, he was named a rugby league "Immortal". He is also featured on the National Rugby League (NRL) premiership trophy, along with Arthur Summons.

Provan was born in Urana, New South Wales. His brother, Peter, won two premierships with St George and another with Balmain.

Provan died on 13 October 2021 on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland. He was 88.


Muhammad Sani Abdullahi

Muhammad Sani Abdullahi is a Nigerian politician, economist, development expert and current Kaduna state commissioner of budget and planning. He was a policy adviser at the Executive Office of United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon in New York. In 2015, he resigned from this appointment to serve the Nigerian government as the Commissioner for Budget and Planning in Kaduna State. 

Sani Abdullahi hold bachelor's degree in Economics from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. He obtained his master's degree in Development Economics and Policy from the University of Manchester and obtained a second Masters from Ahmadu Bello University where he studied International Affairs and Diplomacy. 

Abdullahi worked with Secretary Ban and UN Deputy Secretary General, Amina Mohammed. The two share a close mentor-mentee relationship. He served as Economic Adviser of the Nigeria Governor's Forum after the MDGs. 

Abdullahi is a keynote speaker and TEDx speaker. He talked in TED talk "As you travel along life, remember..." at TEDxAhmaduBello University in 2018. In 2017, he gave a speech titled "The Cost and Privileges of Public Services" at TEDx GamjiDauda Suleiman.

Blakes 7

Blakes 7 also known as Blake's 7 is a British science fiction television series that ran from 2 January 1978 to 21 December 1981 comprising 4 seasons and 52 episodes that aired on BBC One. It was created by Terry Nation and starring Gareth Thomas, Paul Darrow, Sally Knyvette, Jan Chappell, Stephen Greif, Peter Tuddenham, Steven Pacey, Glynis Barber, Josette Simon, Brian Croucher.


Quality Street (1927 movie)

Quality Street is a 1927 American romance movie directed by Sidney Franklin and was based on the 1901 play of the same name by James M. Barrie. It stars Marion Davies, Conrad Nagel, Helen Jerome Eddy, Flora Finch, Margaret Seddon, Marcelle Corday and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was remade in 1937.

Counsel's Opinion

Counsel's Opinion is a 1933 British romantic comedy movie directed by Allan Dwan and was based on the 1931 play by Gilbert Wakefield. It stars Henry Kendall, Binnie Barnes, Lawrence Grossmith, Cyril Maude, Francis Lister, Harry Tate, J. Fisher White and is a lost movie.


Navaratnas

Navaratnas is a group of nine extraordinary people in an emperor's court in India. Some people to have Navaratnas in their course are Hindu emperor Vikramaditya, the Mughal emperor Akbar, and the feudal lord Raja Krishnachandra.

Vikramaditya's Navaratnas include:

Snow White and the Three Stooges

Snow White and the Three Stooges is a 1961 American fantasy movie directed by Walter Lang and Frank Tashlin. It stars Moe Howard, Larry Fine, Joe DeRita, Carol Heiss, Edson Stroll, Patricia Medina, Guy Rolfe, Buddy Baer, Edgar Barrier and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Reece Young

Reece Alan Young was born 15 September, 1979 in Auckland. He is a New Zealand former cricketer who played 5 tests for New Zealand in 2011 and also played for Auckland and Canterbury in the Plunket Shield.

Car 54, Where Are You?

Car 54, Where Are You? is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 1961 to April 1963 for 2 seasons and 60 episodes. It stars Fred Gwynne, Joe E. Ross, Hank Garrett, Martha Garrett, Bruce Kirby, Al Lewis, Charlotte Rae, Ossie Davis. It was made into a movie in 1994 and was a box office bomb.

Bus Stop (TV series)

Bus Stop is an American drama series that aired on ABC from 1 October 1961 to 25 March 1962 for one season and 26 episodes. It was a spin-off of the 1956 movie "Bus Stop" and starring Marilyn Maxwell, Richard Anderson, Rhodes Reason, Joan Freeman, Buddy Ebsen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A. B. M. Abdur Rahim

A. B. M. Abdur Rahim (born 1936; missing as of 5 May 1971) was a labour legal consultant. In his professional life, he was a labor legal consultant, general secretary of the Pakistan Labor Federation and manager of the Ujala Match Factory. He was abducted on May 5, 1971 by Pakistani forces.

Abdur Rahim was born on 2 January 1937 in the village of Ghatiyara in the Basudeb Union of Brahmanbaria District in the then British India, now under the Chittagong Division of Bangladesh.

Abdur Rahim was the then Labor Legal Consultant and served as the General Secretary of the Pakistan Labor Federation and was the Ujala Match Factory Manager.

Abdur Rahim used to hold secret meetings with the workers in Dhaka and organize them for the war of liberation. He used to secretly send them to India for training. He himself was preparing to go to India. Earlier on May 5, Pakistani soldiers picked him up from his workplace (Ujala Match Factory).

Abdur Rahim used to secretly send people to India for training. He himself was preparing to go to India. He was abducted by Pakistani troops on May 5 from his workplace (Ujala Match Factory) and has been missing since then.

In January 1996, the Bangladesh Postal Department released a postage stamp with his picture and name. 

On February 25, March 2021, Ministry of Liberation War Affairs and the Government of Bangladesh published the names of 209 intellectuals.

The Right Approach

The Right Approach is a 1961 American drama movie directed by David Butler and was based on the 1950 play "The Live Wire" by Garson Kanin. It stars Frankie Vaughan, Martha Hyer, Juliet Prowse, Gary Crosby, Jane Withers, Rachel Stephens and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Missouri Route 51

Route 51 is a highway in southeastern Missouri. It goes from Illinois Route 150 at the Illinois state line near Chester, Illinois, to Arkansas Highway 139 at the Arkansas state line near Piggott, Arkansas. It is long.

Phasmahyla lisbella

Phasmahyla lisbella is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Fazenda Ventania in Área de Protecão Ambiental Ventania. People have seen it between 536 and 1,000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 30.4–34.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of its back is bright green in color with very small dark brown spots. There is a yellow and brown pattern on its sides. This frog can change color. It is bright green during the day and green-brown at night. Scientists think this may may make the frog hard to see while it is resting during the day. This frog can have purple marks on its skin.

The male frogs sit on plants hanging over a stream and sing for the female frogs. Like other frogs in "Phasmahyla", this frog does not lay eggs in the water. Instead, the female frog climbs to a tree branch over the water. She folds a leaf into a pocket shape. She puts her eggs in the pocket. She uses special glue to hold the pocket shut. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall down into the water.

Scientists named this frog after Lis Alves Pereira de Oliveira da Rocha and Bella Alves Pereira Custódio da Rocha.

Scientists believe this frog is in danger of dying because it lives in such a small place and because human beings cut down the forest where it lives to make farms and tree farms, make places for cows to eat grass, and to build towns. Scientists also believe people might catch these frogs to sell as pets.

Interstate 865

Interstate 865 (I-865) is an east–west auxiliary Interstate Highway near Indianapolis, Indiana. It is a short connector between I-65 and I-465, running for . The highway was originally numbered as a branch of I-465, but was renumbered in 2002 to prevent I-465 from intersecting with itself. It is one of the few interstates to have interchanges only at its ends.

Kate Okikiolu

Kate Adebola Okikiolu is a mathematician. She was born in 1965 in England. She is known for her work with elliptic differential operators.

EveryDoctor

EveryDoctor is a British grassroots campaigning and advocacy group made up of National Health Service doctors. The group started in 2019, and grew during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. In May 2021, EveryDoctor and the Good Law Project brought legal action against the British government. This was about COVID-19 PPE contracts made during the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. They accused the Department of Health and Social Care of breaking the law in the way they bought PPE supplies. They also claimed that the PPE was no good and led to the deaths of medical professionals from COVID-19.

Good Law Project

The Good Law Project is a United Kingdom-based political non-profit company. It was started by Jolyon Maugham. The Good Law Project says that its mission is to achieve change through the law.

The Good Law Project challenges the "culture of cronyism and the highly secretive use of billions of pounds of public funds".

The Good Law Project was started in January 2017 as a company limited by guarantee under English law headed by Maugham. It is a non-profit but not a registered charity. In 2019 it launched a successful crowdfunded challenge to the prorogation of parliament by Boris Johnson's Conservative government. The prorogation was ruled illegal by the Supreme Court. The £200,000 raised enabled Good Law Project to hire more staff and launch other fundraisers to take on more cases.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, the government gave influential jobs to people closely connected to Conservative politicians. This was without interviews or open competition. They awarded contracts to companies that had no experience. An example was the appointment of Dido Harding, wife of a Conservative MP, to head the new National Institute for Health Protection. Another example was the awarding of a Contract for more than £250m of personal protective equipment to a Florida-based jewellery company. This included a £21m payment to an intermediary. There was no advertisement or competitive tender process.

As of September 2021, Good Law Project has applied for Judicial Review in 14 cases and was granted approval in 11.

Rilwanu Lukman

Rilwanu Lukman (26 August 1938 – 21 July 2014) was an engineer and geologist who held several important positions in Nigeria and other parts of the world. He was the Secretary General of OPEC (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 2000. He was also Minister of Petroleum Resources under Nigerian presidentUmaru Yar'Adua, holding office until March 2010. 

Lukman was born and raised in Zaria, Kaduna State. He trained at Ahmadu Bello University. He moved to Imperial College London. He earned a higher degree in mining engineering from the University of Mining and Metallurgy in Leoben, Austria. He obtained a degree in Mineral Economics from McGill University, Montreal and an honorary doctorate degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Bologna in Italy. 

Lukman began his career as an Assistant Mining Engineer in Sweden. He then returned to Nigeria where he was appointed an Inspector of Mines, then Senior Inspector and then Acting Assistant Chief Inspector in the Federal Ministry of Mines & Power in Jos, Plateau State. In 1979, Lukman became general manager and chief executive officer of the Nigerian Mining Corporation, Jos.

Kriek lambric

Kriek is a Belgian lambric (type of beer) with sour cherry. "Kriek" means cherry from the Flemish language. 1 litre of kriek lambric equal to 200 g of cherry. 

Kriek is drunk at a temperature of 5 to 6 °C. It is popular at Christmas markets. 

Deaths in February 2022

The following is a list of deaths that happened in February 2022. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.
































Florida State Road 570

The Polk Parkway, also known as Florida State Road 570 (SR 570/FL 570), is a toll road in Polk County, Florida. It is a part of Florida's Turnpike Enterprise. The Polk Parkway is a beltway around Lakeland forming a semicircle, with I-4 completing the loop.
Interstate 465

Interstate 465 (I-465), also known as the USS Indianapolis Memorial Highway, is the beltway circling Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. It has a perimeter of approximately . It lies almost completely within the boundaries of Marion County. It intersects with I-65, I-69, I-70, and I-74, and provides additional access to I-65 via I-865.

Olamide

Olamide Gbenga Adedeji (born 15 March 1989), known professionally as Olamide (and also Olamide Baddo BaddoSneh or simply Baddo) is a Nigerian hip hop recording artist. He records in Yoruba and English language. In 2011, he released his debut studio album "Rapsodi" while signed to Coded Tunes. "YBNL", his follow-up album, was released under his label imprint YBNL Nation. The album was supported by the singles "First of All", "Voice of the Street", "Stupid Love", and "Ilefo Illuminati". On 7 November 2013, he released his third studio album "Baddest Guy Ever Liveth". The album's singles include "Durosoke" and "Yemi My Lover". On 17 July 2013, Olamide became the first Nigerian to sign an endorsement deal with Cîroc.


The Red Pony (1949 movie)

The Red Pony is a 1949 American family drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the 1937 novella of the same name by John Steinbeck. It stars Myrna Loy, Robert Mitchum, Louis Calhern, Shepperd Strudwick, Margaret Hamilton, Beau Bridges, Nino Tempo and was distributed by Republic Pictures.


The Postman Always Rings Twice (1946 movie)

The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1946 American crime thriller movie directed by Tay Garnett and is the third adaption of the 1934 novel of the same name by John M. Cain. It stars Lara Turner, John Garfield, Cecil Kellaway, Hume Cronyn, Leon Ames, Audrey Totter, Alan Reed, Jeff York and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Planet Coaster

Planet Coaster is a theme park management simulation tycoon video game based on Rollercoaster Tycoon from the same developer Frontier. The game was released all around the world on November 17, 2016. On November 5, 2019 a spinoff and successor to "Planet Coaster" named "Planet Zoo" was made and currently has 6 DLC packs.

Like Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 and previous games, the player is tasked to create and manage a theme park by building rides, stalls, and satisfying the guests. You can choose from different stalls, rollercoaster types, and park themes. The player can share parks on the Steam Workshop and send their guests to other parks.

Induced pluripotent stem cells

Induced pluripotent stem cells are a kind of stem cell. Shinya Yamanaka discovered them in 2007 at Kyoto University. They are often called iPS cells.

iPS cells are a kind of adult stem cell. They are made from cells from the bodies of adults. This is different to embryonic stem cells which are taken from human embryos. Yamanaka's lab was able to take ordinary body cells, and make them become pluripotent. Being pluripotent means that they can become any other kind of cell. In other words, they can become any kind of cell like embryonic stem cells, but do not need to be taken from human embryos.

Yamanaka was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize with Sir John Gurdon "for the discovery that mature cells can be reprogrammed to become pluripotent".

Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University

Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University (MRSPTU), formerly Maharaja Ranjit Singh State Technical University, is a State technical university of Punjab in Bathinda, Punjab, India. It was established in 2015 and has jurisdiction over 11 districts namely Bathinda, Ferozepur, Moga, Faridkot, Sri Muktsar Sahib, Barnala, Mansa, Sangrur, Patiala, Fatehgarh Sahib and Fazilka. University will function from upgraded Giani Zail Singh Punjab Technical University Campus. MRSPTU has signed MoU with Thompson Rivers University of Canada in which a student of 4 year Bachelor's degree program here after studying for 2 years, can complete rest 2 years in Canada and also get 3 year work permit in Canada. The building is in bathinda - dabwali road. MRSPTU is also fit for central assistance under section 12(B).

Sberbank

PJSC Sberbank is a state-owned Russian banking and financial services company headquartered in Moscow. The company was known as "Sberbank of Russia" until 2015. Sberbank has operations in several European and post-Soviet countries. it was the largest bank in Russia and Eastern Europe, and the third largest in Europe, ranked 60th in the world and first in central and Eastern Europe in The Banker's Top 1000 World Banks ranking. In the world ranking of public companies Forbes "Global 2000" Sberbank takes 51st place.

Matteo Messina Denaro

Matteo Messina Denaro (26 April 1962 – 25 September 2023), also known as Diabolik, was a Sicilian Mafia boss. 

After the natural death of his father in November 1998, Matteo became capo mandamento of the area including Castelvetrano and the neighbouring cities, while Vincenzo Virga ruled in the city of Trapani and its surroundings. 
After bomb attacks that killed prosecutors Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino, the arrest of Salvatore Riina on 15 January 1993 and the introduction of a strict prison regime (article 41-bis), Cosa Nostra embarked on a terrorist campaign in which Matteo Messina Denaro played a prominent role.

On 16 January 2023, Messina Denaro was arrested in Sicily by Italian police, after being a fugitive since 1993. His arrest came around 30 years after that of Riina, who was taken into custody on 15 January 1993, also in Palermo. 

On 24 September 2023, Messina Denaro fell into an irreversible coma while being treated in L'Aquila, Italy. He died in the early morning on 25 September 2023 from colon cancer at age 61.

Clytus arietis

Clytus arietis, the wasp beetle is a wasp-mimicking longhorn beetle species in the genus "Clytus."


Mayberry R.F.D.

Mayberry R.F.D. is an American sitcom that aired on CBS and was a spin-off from "The Andy Griffith Show". It ran from 23 September, 1968 to 29 March, 1971 and starring Ken Barry, Buddy Foster, Paul Hartman, Hope Summers, Frances Bavier, George Lindsey, Jack Dodson.


Two-Faced Woman

Two-Faced Woman is a 1941 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Cukor and starring Greta Garbo (in her last movie), Melvyn Douglas, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Robert Sterling, Ruth Gordon. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Rain (1932 movie)

Rain is a 1932 American drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the 1922 play of the same name and 1921 short story Miss Thompson by W. Somerset Maugham. It stars Joan Crawford, Walter Huston, Matt Moore, William Gargan, Walter Catlett, Guy Kibbee and was distributed by United Artists.


Ocean's 11

Ocean's 11 is a 1960 American crime comedy heist movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr., Peter Lawford, Joey Bishop, Angie Dickinson, Cesar Romero, Richard Conte, Henry Silva, Buddy Lester. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Phasmahyla jandaia

Sazima's leaf frog ("Phasmahyla jandaia") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains not far from the ocean. People have only seen higher than 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in the forests and grasslands on the Atlantic side of the mountains. People have seen it in streams. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over streams. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

This frog can make useful chemicals in its skin, but scientists do not think that anyone is catching this frog to take the chemicals.

Scientists think this frog is not in danger of dying out because it is good at living in places that humans have changed. They say the only threat to this frog is mining.

Agalychnis

Agalychnis is a genus of tree frogs that live in forests in Mexico, Central America, and northwestern South America. Scientists have also called them "Pachymedusa". They are also called leaf frogs, rough leaf frogs, Mexican giant tree frogs, middle American multicolored tree frogs, and Mexican leaf frogs.

These frogs live on the Pacific (western) side of the mountains in Mexico. They also live in Colombia, Ecuador, the Venezuela, and Peru.

Scientists put these species in "Agalychnis":

Interstate 565

Interstate 565 (I-565) is an Interstate spur that connects I-65 in Decatur with U.S. Route 72 (US 72) in Huntsville, in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is 

I-565 goes through the cities of Decatur, Madison, and downtown Huntsville. It also provides a route to the Huntsville International Airport. The interstate forms a part of Appalachian Development Highway System Corridor V. US 72 Alternate (US 72 Alt.) travels along with I-565 for its entire length.
Interstate H-201

Interstate H-201 (H-201) is the only auxiliary Interstate located outside the Contiguous United States, on the island of O‘ahu in the U.S. state of Hawaii. The H-201 designation is also known as the Moanalua Freeway. The loop route connects exits 13 and 19 on H-1, passing Fort Shafter, Tripler Army Medical Center, and Red Hill. The highway is long.

Despite being designated an Interstate in 1989, until mid-2004 the route was an unsigned Interstate, signed only as Route 78.

Joanna Renee

René & Angela were an American R&B duo consisting of musical artists and producers René Moore and Angela Winbush. They formed in 1979 and disbanded in 1986. They are most remembered for their 1985 hit "I'll Be Good".

They recorded three albums for Capitol Records: their 1980 self-titled debut "René & Angela", the second album "Wall to Wall" and their final album for the label, 1983's "Rise".

David Amess

Sir David Anthony Andrew Amess (26 March 1952 – 15 October 2021) was an English politician. He was an MP for Southend West from 1997 until his assassination in 2021.

He was born in Plaistow, Essex. He was a member of the Conservative Party. Amess was an MP for Basildon from 1983 to 1997.

Amess was a Eurosceptic. He supported Brexit in the 2016 EU referendum. He was also a supporter of Leave Means Leave, a pro-Brexit campaign.

On 15 October 2021, Amess was assassinated by stabbing outside of a church in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex. He was 69 years old. Ali Harbi Ali, a 25-year-old British citizen of Somali ethnicity who lives in London, was arrested at the scene. Islamic extremism is believed to have been the motive for the attack. On 21 October 2021, Ali was charged with murder and the preparation of terrorist acts.

Riyadh Street Circuit

Riyadh Street Circuit is a street circuit located in Ad-Diriyah, Saudi Arabia. The ePrix of Ad-Dirijja is held on it. The first race on the circuit was held on 15 December 2018 as part of the Formula E championship.

Dmytro Zajciw

Dmytro Zajciw (Ukr. Дмитро Зайців; 17 February 1897 – December 1976) was a Ukrainian and Brazilian entomologist, notable for his collectionand for his many beetle discoveries.

Amyipunga

Amyipunga is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:


Amyipunga armaticollis

Amyipunga armaticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Zajciw in 1964.

Atomic Games

Atomic Games, Inc. was an American video game developer based in Austin, Texas. The company specialized in wargames.

The company was founded by Keith Zabalaoui in 1989. It is best known for developing the "Close Combat" series of real-time wargames, as well as the "V for Victory" series.

Because of cancellation of a project titled "Hammer's Slammers, i"n December 2000, Atomic Games gor fired its entire staff, only keeping three executives.

Destineer bought Atomic Games on May 6, 2005, while collaborating on "Close Combat: Red Phoenix" and "Close Combat: First to Fight".

Atomic Games was developing a third-person shooter, "Six Days in Fallujah", in cooperation with Konami, until the latter decided to leave from the project in August 2009. The company went on to finish the game, but never released it.

Atomic Games released the game called "Breach". Destineer also owned Bold Games, and MacSoft.

Atomic Games was signed to Avalon Hill in 1993 by the company's Jim Rose, and began developing "Beyond Squad Leader" and the "World at War" series for its new publisher. 

The main task for Rose, hired to lead Avalon Hill's computer game division in December 1992 was to renew this section of the business because of big revenues. The two companies' first collaboration, "Operation Crusader", reused the engine of the "V for Victory" series. "PC Gamer US" wargame columnist William R. Trotter named it one of the top-five wargames of 1994.

Chaumont Volley-Ball 52

Chaumont Volley-Ball 52 is a professional volleyball team based in Chaumont, in France. And have played in Ligue A since the 2012-2013 season. It won the 2017 French League and the French Supercup in 2017 and 2021. The club finished second in the same year of the CEV Cup.

Celine (2021 concert residency)

Celine is the third concert residency by Canadian recording artist, Celine Dion. The residency will be held at The Theatre at Resorts World, in Las Vegas. The opening night performance will benefit COVID-19 relief.

On 12 May 2021, Dion officially announced her return to Las Vegas with 10 performances at the brand-new Resorts World Las Vegas resort and casino.

On 20 May 2021, the residency was extended into 2022 due to overwhelming ticket demand.

This residency show bears the same name as Dion's previous residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace which ran from 2011 to 2019.


Four-day workweek

A four-day workweek is a week that includes four instead of five days per week on which work is done. 

Those who support a four-day workweek say that it increases productivity, motivation and satisfaction and decreases electricity consumption and stress because workers have longer weekend breaks.

Rahul V Raj

Rahul V Raj (born May 26,1992 in Thrithallur, Thrissur) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Kerala football team in 2018. He was the Captain, who led the team Kerala to win against West Bengal by scoring penalty point in 2018 Santosh Trophy Final. 


Thrithallur

Thrithallur is a village in Thrissur district of Kerala in India. Thrithallur is located on the western part of Thrissur district.

Aspyr

Aspyr Media, Inc. is an American video game developer and publisher founded by Michael Rogers and Ted Staloch in Austin, Texas. It was originally founded to bring top gaming titles to macOS. The company, since 2005, has become a publisher and developer of entertainment for multiple gaming platforms.

Aspyr works with partners such as LucasArts, 2K Games, Activision, Gearbox Software; their catalog includes franchises "Call of Duty", "Sid Meier's Civilization", "SimCity", "Borderlands" and "Star Wars".

Embracer Group bought Aspyr in February 2021.

In 1996, Aspyr Media, Inc., was established by Michael Rogers and Ted Staloch in Austin, Texas. Staloch, who had a background in sales and marketing and Rogers, who worked with TechWorks, noticed that there was not enough games that available for macOS, and they decided to change it.

According to Rogers, when naming the company, they “wanted something meaning ‘to aspire and be great’” and also “memorable and unique.” Now the name of company associates with porting video games from Microsoft Windows to macOS, including popular franchises "Call of Duty", "Sid Meier's Civilization", "Star Wars", "Borderlands", and "SimCity".

By 2003, they owned 60 percent of the Mac entertainment market.

In 2005, Aspyr partnered with Alex Seropian of "Wideload Games" and released their first originally-published AAA game, "Stubbs The Zombie", to macOS, Windows and Xbox.

In 2015, Aspyr Media make their platform catalog bigger by releasing an iOS port of "" and later, Bioware's classic-action RPG, "Jade Empire" - a title they extended to Android as well.

In 2015, Aspyr updated (native widescreen resolutions up to 5K, Steam Workshop, support for controllers, 57 achievements, etc.) and also ported it to macOS and Linux.

In 2015, Aspyr developed and published "Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered", a remaster of a game developed by Quantic Dream.

Aspyr has published over 190 games, and have added 90 plus members to their team since 1996.

Embracer Group bought Aspyr in February 2021.

Apple A5X

Apple A5X is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at 1.0 GHz. It is first released in 2012.

Apple A6

Apple A6 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at 1.3 GHz. It is first released in 2012.

Apple A6X

Apple A6X is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at 1.4 GHz. It is first released in 2012.

Leukorrhea

Leukorrhea is a unusual vaginal discharge. It causes itch, feeling of humidity in perineum area. 

Vulvar leukorrhea is usually classed under the name of purulent vulvitis. Another form of the vulvae is a follicular vulvitis. 

Interstate 265

Interstate 265 (I-265) is a Interstate Highway partially looping around the Louisville metropolitan area. It goes from I-65 in the southern part of Louisville, through Jefferson County, Kentucky, over the Ohio River on the Lewis and Clark Bridge into Indiana, where it meets I-65 again before continuing west to I-64, where it ends.

The entire Kentucky section of the road is also signed with Kentucky Route 841 (KY 841). An additional section of freeway between US 31W/US 60/KY 1934 and I-65 in the southern Louisville is only designated as KY 841. The highway is named the Gene Snyder Freeway after the former congressman, and usually called "the Snyder" by locals.

Nguyễn Huỳnh Kim Duyên

Nguyễn Huỳnh Kim Duyên (born 19 October 1996) is a Vietnamese model and beauty pageant titleholder who was become 1st-Runner up of Miss Universe Vietnam 2020. She represented Vietnam at Miss Universe 2021 pageant.

Kim Duyên was born and raised in Can Tho (original place: Kien Giang) in a purely agricultural family, after graduating from Southern Can Tho University in 2016 she went to Singapore to study and graduated with a degree in Business Administration of Stamford Raffles University in 2019.

She placed Top 30 Miss Vietnam 2016, 1st-Runner up Miss Universe Vietnam 2020 and represent at Miss Universe 2021.

Interstate 165 (Alabama)

Interstate 165 (I-165) is a spur from I-65 that provides access to Mobile, Alabama. It travels for approximately from Water Street in downtown Mobile north to I-65 in Prichard. The route is elevated for its entire length.

I-165 began life as a planned Interstate 210 (I-210). Many problems, including community opposition and access to the Mobile waterfront, prevented the freeway from reaching its intended southern end at I-10; I-165 ends about short of I-10 and becomes Water Street. Since the road had no connection to I-10, the number 210 was no longer appropriate to the freeway, so 165 was chosen instead.

Interstate 165 (Kentucky)

Interstate 165 (I-165) is a auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Kentucky. A spur route of I-65, it goes from I-65 in Bowling Green to U.S. Route 60 (US 60) and US 231 in Owensboro. It opened in 1972 as the Green River Parkway and was renamed the William H. Natcher Parkway in 1994. It was designated as I-165 in 2019, after highway officials completed some major fixes.

Interstate 381

Interstate 381 (I-381) is an auxiliary Interstate in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a spur from I-81 that provides access to Bristol. It runs for from the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue (SR 381) and Keys/Church Streets in Bristol north to I-81.

Interstate 180 (Wyoming)

Interstate 180 (I-180) is a -long connector in the U.S. state of Wyoming between Interstate 80 and downtown Cheyenne, Wyoming.

It is unusual for being one of the few Interstate highways that does not follow Interstate highway standards. There is also no freeway anywhere along its route. It is a divided highway with a speed limit due to the frequency of signals.

Interstate 175

Interstate 175 (I-175) in St. Petersburg, Florida, also known as South Bay Drive, is a 1.3-mile-long spur route from Interstate 275 into downtown St. Petersburg. It is also designated as the unsigned highway State Road 594. There is a sibling segment of freeway nearby designated as I-375.
Interstate 375 (Florida)

Interstate 375 (I-375) in St. Petersburg, Florida, also known as North Bay Drive, is a spur route from Interstate 275 into downtown. It is also designated as the unsigned State Road 592. There is a sibling segment of freeway nearby that is designated I-175.
Interstate 705

Interstate 705 (I-705, Tacoma Spur) is a short Interstate Highway that is spur route of I-5 located in Tacoma, Washington, United States. I-705 serves as the connector between I-5, Downtown Tacoma, Tacoma's waterfront, North Tacoma, and the Tacoma Dome. I-705 was the last new portion of the Interstate Highway System to be constructed in Washington, having opened in 1988.

Interstate 375 (Michigan)

Interstate 375 (I-375) is a north-south Interstate Highway in the city of Detroit, in the U.S. state of Michigan. At only in length, it once had the distinction of being the shortest signed Interstate Highway in the country. It is a spur of I-75 into downtown Detroit, ending at the unsigned Business Spur Interstate 375 (BS I-375), better known as Jefferson Avenue. The freeway opened on June 12, 1964. The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) announced in 2013 that it may remove I-375 in the future, and in December 2017 MDOT started planning for to change I-375 from a freeway to a city street.

Music of the Spheres

Music of the Spheres is the 9th studio album by the English rock band Coldplay. It was released on October 15, 2021. 

Lawtell, Louisiana

Lawtell is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, United States.

HE 1523-0901

HE 1523-0901 is a red giant star in the Milky Way galaxy. It is approximately 7500 light years from Earth. It is thought to be a second generation, Population II, or metal-poor, star ([Fe/H] = −2.95). The star was found in the sample of bright metal-poor halo stars from the Hamburg/ESO Survey by Anna Frebel and collaborators. The group's research was published in the May 10, 2007 issue of "The Astrophysical Journal".

The star's age, as measured by ESO's Very Large Telescope, is 13.2 billion years. This makes it among the oldest stars and nearly as old as the estimated age of the universe itself (13.8 billion years as measured by Planck). The measurement uncertainty in the age estimate is 0.7 to 2.7 billion years, depending upon the assumptions made to estimate the uncertainty, although the uncertainty in the relative age of this and other stars using the same method is smaller. HE 1523-0901 is the first star whose age was determined using the decay of the radioactive elements uranium and thorium in tandem with measurements of several neutron capture elements. It is believed to have formed directly from the remnants of the first-generation stars that reached the end of their longevity and exploded as supernovae early in the history of known matter.

The designation "HE 1523-0901" indicates that the star is part of the Hamburg/ESO Survey catalog. A list of astronomical catalogues can be used to find which catalog a star or other object is from based on its prefix. Most objects are listed in several catalogs and will often be known by several different designations.

HE 1523-0901 is approximately 0.8 solar masses. It can be viewed particularly well from the southern hemisphere with the use of a small telescope. It can also be observed from central European latitudes.


2021 Kaohsiung fire

The 2021 Kaohsiung fire happened in a 13-story building in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, on 14 October 2021. The fire killed at least 46 people and injured 41 others. Some people were trapped. Average age of the dead was 62. It happened in the early morning. It took about 4 1/2 hours to put out. It is the deadliest fire in the city's history, and the deadliest building fire in Taiwan since the Weierkang Club fire in 1995.

The Long, Hot Summer

The Long, Hot Summer is a 1958 American drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and was based on the short stories and novel by William Faulkner. It stars Paul Newman, Orson Welles, Joanne Woodward, Lee Remick, Angela Lansbury, Richard Anderson, Mabel Albertson and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was later spun-off into a TV series in 1965.


Jeddah Corniche Circuit

Jeddah Street Circuit (Arabic: حلبة شارع جدة) is a racing track in the Jeddah city. The track is to held in the inaugural Formula One Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as the penultimate race on the season calendar.

It will be the second longest track on the Formula One calendar (only Spa-Francorchamps is longer). The track was designed by Hermann Tilke.

Landsbanki

Landsbanki (literally "national bank"), also commonly known as Landsbankinn (literally "the national bank") which is now the name of the current rebuilt bank (here called "New Landsbanki"), was one of the largest Icelandic commercial banks that failed as part of the 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis when its subsidiary sparked the Icesave dispute. On October 7, 2008, the Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority took control of Landsbanki and created a new bank for all the domestic operations called Nyi Landsbanki (new Landsbanki) so that the domestic bank could continue to operate, the new bank continued to operate under the Landsbanki name in Iceland.

Prior to its failure the bank was one of the largest Icelandic banks with assets of ISK 3,058 billion in December 2007 and a market capitalisation of ISK 383 billion. It been in operation since 1885 and had been instrumental in the economic development of business and industry in Iceland. From 1927 to 1961 the bank had acted as the central bank, until it was replaced by the Central Bank of Iceland, although this interest was primarily directed towards note issuance rather than monetary policy. The bank had been state owned and was privatized in stages between 1998 and 2003.

Landsbanki had positioned itself as Iceland's primary provider of general and specialised financial services to individuals, corporate entities and institutions. The bank had the country's most extensive branch network with 40 branches and sub-branches. At the end of 2006, Landsbanki provided close to 40% of corporate lending in Iceland, and for around 60% of companies listed on the OMX Iceland Stock Exchange, Landsbanki was their principal bank or one of two banks with whom they did business. The leading provider of M&A, derivatives, equity and fixed income services.

It started to expanded overseas in 2000 through a number of acquisitions and organic growth, the expansion would lead to the creation of its Icesave subsidiary in 2006 which would ultimately seal its fate.

The Oily Maniac

The Oily Maniac or Oily Maniac is a 1976 Hong Kong horror science fiction fantasy monster movie produced by Shaw Brothers Studio directed by Ho Meng Hua. It is a loose remake of "Sumpah Orang Minyak", a 1958 Singaporean horror film.

A disabled man named Shen Yuan finds an underground crypt and awakens a demon called the "orang minyak" or oily man. Shen Yuan is transformed into the monster, becoming a vigilante that takes revenge on criminals. 

Willem Zuidwijk

Willem Zuidwijk (16 December 1933 – 5 October 2021) was a Dutch administrator and politician of the Catholic People's Party (KVP) and later the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

After secondary education he worked for the municipality of The Hague and returned there after completing his military service. Around 1962 he joined the province of South Holland and later he transferred to the province of Utrecht where he became head of the cabinet of the Queen's Commissioner. In May 1971 he was appointed mayor of Raalte, until his retirement in 1998. 

Zuidwijk was born in The Hague and died in Raalte at the age of 87.

Door Steyaert

Isidorus (Door) Steyaert (28 December 1936 Leopoldsburg – 4 October 2021 Pelt) was a Belgian politician for the Christian People's Party, and then the Christian Democratic and Flemish party.

From 1971 to 2000, he was mayor of Leopoldsburg (also called "'t Kamp"). He was then given the title of honorary mayor. 

He was a member of the city council for 53 years. However, since 1976, Heppen has also been part of the municipality of Leopoldsburg as a borough. He also became the first merger mayor.

Steyaert died at the age of 84 in a hospital in Pelt. 

Murder of David Amess

On 15 October 2021, Sir David Amess, a British Conservative Party politician and Member of Parliament (MP) for Southend West, was assassinated by a 25-year-old Ali Harbi Ali in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex.

The incident was the first killing of a sitting British MP since the murder of Jo Cox in June 2016.

David Amess was a British Conservative politician, between 1983 and 1997. He was the member of the House of Commons for Basildon and from 1997 until his death. He was also a member of the House of Commons for Southend West.

Amess was a strong supporter of Brexit.

On 15 October 2021, Amess was at a constituency surgery at Belfairs Methodist Church on Eastwood Road North, Leigh-on-Sea, Essex. He was scheduled to meet with people from 10:00 to 13:00 BST. He first met with citizens on the steps of the church and entered the building at around 12:05 to speak with people who had arrived earlier. Inside the church, a man holding a knife broke out from the group and stabbed him multiple times.

An air ambulance landed on a playing field to take Amess to hospital; however his condition was critical where he was dead on arrival.

At around 00:30 on 16 October, police said the stabbing was a terrorist incident. They said it was caused by Islamic extremism.

Ali Harbi Ali, a 25-year-old British citizen of Somali ethnicity who lives in London, was arrested by police at the scene. On 21 October 2021, Ali was charged with murder and attempt terrorism.

The UK terror threat level was raised from substantial to severe after this attack and the Liverpool Women's Hospital bombing.

Leigh-on-Sea

Leigh-on-Sea () is a town and civil parish in Essex, England. It is a district of Southend-on-Sea, with its own town council. In 2011, it had a population of 22,509.

The Caveman (1926 movie)

The Caveman is a 1926 American silent comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the play of the same name by Gelett Burgess. It stars Matt Moore, Marie Prevost, Myrna Loy, Phyllis Haver, Virginia Fox, Hedda Hooper and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Ken Casanega

Kenneth Thomas Casanega (February 18, 1921 – October 10, 2021) was an American football quarterback. He played two seasons with the San Francisco 49ers in 1946 and 1948.

Casanega died in Medford, Oregon on October 11, 2021, at the age of 100.

Bill Hudson (Alaska politician)

Bill Hudson (December 14, 1932 – October 11, 2021) was an American Republican politician and businessman. He was born in Yuma, Arizona. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1987 to 1995 and from 1997 to 2003. 

Hudson died on October 11, 2021 in Castle Rock, Colorado at the age of 88.

Dario Barluzzi

Dario Giuliano Mario Barluzzi (6 September 1935 – 13 October 2021) was an Italian football player and manager. He played as a goalkeeper. He made 85 appearances for Milan from 1962 until 1967.

Ray Fosse

Raymond Earl Fosse (April 4, 1947 – October 13, 2021) was an American professional baseball player and television sports color commentator. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a catcher from 1967 to 1979. He won the World Series two times with the Oakland Athletics. 

Fosse died of cancer on October 13, 2021, at the age of 74.

Bill Hager

Bill Hager (February 6, 1947 – October 13, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives as a Republican from 2010 until 2018.

Hager died of lung disease on October 13, 2021, in Fargo, North Dakota at age 74.

Earl Old Person

Earl Old Person (April 13, 1929 – October 13, 2021) was an American Native political leader. He was Chief of the Blackfeet tribe in Montana. 

In 1993, Old Person delivered the first State of the Indian Nation address to the Montana Legislature. 

On October 13, 2021, Old Person died from cancer in Browning, Montana at the age of 92.

Browning, Montana

Browning (originally Browning Indian Agency) is a town in Glacier County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,018 at the 2020 census.

Bus Stop (movie)

Bus Stop is a 1956 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Joshua Logan and was based on the 1955 play of the same name by William Inge. It stars Marilyn Monroe, Don Murray (in his Oscar-nominated role), Arthur O'Connell, Betty Field, Eileen Heckart, Robert Bray, Hope Lange and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was spun-off into a TV series "Bus Stop" in 1961 and ran for one season.


Clem Tillion

Clement Vincent Tillion Jr. (July 3, 1925 – October 13, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1963 to 1975 and the Senate from 1975 to 1981. He was the Senate president from 1979 to 1981. He was born in New York City.

Tillion died on October 13, 2021 in Halibut Cove, Alaska at the age of 96.

Halibut Cove, Alaska

Halibut Cove is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. The population was 60 at the 2020 census.

Saeima

The Saeima is the parliament of the Republic of Latvia. It is a unicameral parliament made up of 100 members who are elected by proportional representation. Elections are scheduled to be held once every four years.

The President of Latvia can dismiss the Saeima and call early elections.

Ojārs Ēriks Kalniņš

Ojārs Ēriks Kalniņš (22 October 1949 – 14 October 2021) was a Latvian politician. He was a member of the Saeima from 2010 until his death in 2021. He was in charge of the Latvian Institute from 1999 until 2010. He also was the Ambassador to the United States from 1993 until 1999. Kalniņš was born in Munich, Germany.

Kalniņš died on 14 October 2021 in Riga, Latvia one week before his 72nd birthday.

Lee Wan-koo

Lee Wan-koo (; 16 July 1950 – 14 October 2021) was a South Korean politician. He was a member of the Liberty Korea Party. Lee was born in Cheongyang County, then-First Republic of Korea. 

From 2006 until 2009, he was the Governor of the South Chungcheong Province. From 1996 until 2004 and again from 2013 until 2016, he was a member of the National Assembly. For a short time in 2015, he was the Prime Minister of South Korea during the Park Geun-hye cabinet.

In early 2010, Lee was diagnosed with multiple myeloma and recovered in 2013. However the cancer returned in 2016 and Lee died from the disease on 14 October 2021 in Seoul at the age of 71.

Raymond Setlakwe

Raymond C. Setlakwe, (3 July 1928 – 14 October 2021) was a Canadian businessman, lawyer and Liberal politician. Setlakwe was born in Thetford Mines, Quebec, Canada. He was a member of the Senate of Canada between 2000 until 2003. 

Setlakwe died on 14 October 2021, aged 93.

Stephen Yang Xiangtai

Stephen Yang Xiangtai (; 3 January 1923 – 13 October 2021) was a Chinese Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop Coadjutor and a Diocesan Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Daming from 1999 until 2016. Yang was born in village Gaocun, Hunan. He became a priest in 1949.

Yang died on 13 October 2021 at the age of 98 in a hospital in Handan, Hebie, China. 

Marko Živić

Marko Živić (4 April 1972 – 14 October 2021) was a Serbian actor and comedian. His career began in 2002 while performing at the Belgrade Drama Theatre. 

He was known for his roles as Mika Armonika in "" and Vasilije in "Shadows over Balkan". He also was in the movies "", "The Belgrade Phantom" and "Montevideo, God Bless You!". 

Živić also hosted the "The Marko Živić Show".

Živić died on 14 October 2021 in Belgrade, Serbia from COVID-19 at the age of 49.

Farrukh Jaffar

Farrukh Jaffar (1933 – 15 October 2021) was an Indian actress. Her first movie role was in 1981 with "Umrao Jaan". At the age of 88, she won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Fatima Begum in "Gulabo Sitabo", becoming the oldest winner of an acting Filmfare. Jaffar was born in Jaunpur, United Provinces of British India .

Jaffar died on 15 October 2021 at a hospital in Lucknow, India from problems caused by a stroke at the age of 88.

Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh

Jaunpur ( is a city and a municipal board in Jaunpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is about 228 km southeast of state capital Lucknow.

District Jaunpur has 6 tashils i.e. Badlapur, Jaunpur (Sadar), Kerakat, Machhli Shahar,Mariyahu, Shahganj

There are 6 rivers in Jaunpur, Gomti, Sai, Varuna, Pili Nadi ('yellow rivulet' or 'river'), Mayur and Basuhi

Miguel de Oliveira

Miguel de Oliveira (September 30, 1947 – October 15, 2021) was a Brazilian middleweight boxer. De Oliveira was born in Sao Paulo, Brazil. He became a pro in 1968, and on May 7, 1975 he won the Vacant WBC Light Middleweight Title.

He died from pancreatic cancer on October 15, 2021, at the age of 74.

Reinhold Roth

Reinhold Roth (4 March 1953 – 15 October 2021) was a German Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He won the French Grand Prix in 1987, and finished the season in second place in 1989. He also won the Dutch and Czechoslovakian Grand Prix. Roth retired in 1990.

Tati Gabrielle

Tatiana Gabrielle Hobson (born January 25, 1996), known professionally as Tati Gabrielle, is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Gaia on the television series "The 100" and as Prudence Blackwood on the Netflix original series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina".

Agalychnis saltator

The parachuting red-eyed leaf frog or misfit leaf frog ("Agalychnis saltator") is a frog that lives in Nicaragua and Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it between 15 and 1300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 34 to 54 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 57 to 66 mm long. It has red eyes with pupils that go up and down and open side to side. There is webbing on its back and front feet and disks on its toes for climbing.

The frog's skin is green and it sometimes has yellow spots. Its sides can be blue or purple. It has a yellow-white or orange-white belly.

For most of the year, this frog lives in the canopy, the tops of trees in primary forest. When it is time to lay eggs, these frogs go to swamps.

This frog is called a parachuting frog because male frogs in mating season will jump from high plants onto low plants. It spreads the webbing on its toes as it falls.

Kaia Gerber

Kaia Jordan Gerber (born September 3, 2001) is an American model and actress. She is the daughter of model Cindy Crawford and businessman Rande Gerber. In 2017, Gerber won Model of the Year at the British Fashion Awards.

Gerber and her mother have worked together in campaigns for the Omega watch brand. She was also on three covers of "Vogue".

Plaistow, Newham

Plaistow ( or ) is a suburban town in East London, England.

Plaistow North and Plaistow South are two of the ten electoral wards making up the UK parliamentary constituency of West Ham.

Mount Suribachi

Mount Suribachi (Japanese: 摺鉢山, "Suribachiyama") is a 169-metre (554 feet)-high Mountain on the southwest end of Iwo Jima. It is in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The government of Japan's Tokyo Metropolis governs it.


The A.V. Club

The A.V. Club is an entertainment news website. It has articles about popular culture for example television and movies. It is part of Great Hill Partners with "Jezebel", "The Onion", "Gizmodo", and others. Unlike "The Onion", "A.V. Club" publishes factually true content. The writers pracitice journalism: they write real news from real interviews and real sources. "The A.V. Club"'s main website has more than one million visitors per month.

"AV club" is for "audiovisual club." In the United States in the late 20th century, many high schools would have clubs for students who wanted to use and learn about speakers, projectors, and other early video and audio equipment.

Baku City Circuit

Bakı Şəhər Halqası (English: Baku City Circuit, formerly Baku Street Circuit) is a racetrack in Azerbaijan. It is located in Baku. The track hosts the Formula One Grand Prix (in 2016 it was the European Grand Prix, and since 2017 it has been the Azerbaijan Grand Prix). It was designed by Hermann Tilke.

Cris Winter

Cris Winter is an American radio personality on Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's Wish 99.7 radio station. For six years she provided the voice of "Thundergirl" on the Nicktoons animated series "Action League Now!". Winter was one of the two original disc jockeys at WXXP 100.7, Pittsburgh's first alternative radio station from 1986 to 1988. She was the host of the local music show on WXXP, being the first to play bands like The Clarks, Affordable Floors, Sponges, Eleventh Hour, Spurs and other local musicians. In August 1988, WXXP changed formats and Winter was fired. The same day of her dismissal WDVE contacted her for employment at first doing weekends and fill-in work.

Jim Krenn

James Anthony Krenn (born October 13, 1959) is an American comedian and radio personality, best known for his work on "The DVE Morning Show" on WDVE in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1988-December 6, 2011. Krenn and former partner Scott Paulsen provided most of the voices for the Nickelodeon stop motion animation series, "Action League Now!".

Scott Paulsen

Scott J. Paulsen (born May 23, 1959) is an American radio personality, columnist and voice actor based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Paulsen began working for WDVE, a Pittsburgh classic rock station, in the 1980s. He became a "morning staple" in the Pittsburgh region on The DVE Morning Show, which he co-hosted with Jim Krenn.

National Bolshevism

National Bolshevism is an ideology that tries to combine communism and fascism. The people who support the ideology are called National Bolsheviks. The founder of the ideology is believed to be founded by Ernst Niekisch. In later years people like Eduard Limonov would become prominent figures in the Russian National-Bolshevik movement.

McCartney (album)

McCartney is Paul McCartney's first solo album. Paul McCartney was part of the famous band The Beatles. Apple Records released it on 17 April 1970. McCartney recorded it in secret. He mostly used home-recording equipment at his house in St John's Wood. Professional London studios did some of the mixing and recording. It has loosely arranged performances. McCartney decided to be different from the Beatles' past records: He did not want a polished, precise sound. Instead, he used a lo-fi style. Apart from some contributions by his wife, Linda, McCartney performed the entire album alone by overdubbing on four-track tape.

McCartney recorded the album when he had depression and felt confused. This was shortly after John Lennon left the Beatles in September 1969. Conflict over the release of McCartney's album made it harder for McCartney to be friends with his bandmates. He refused to wait to release the album so that the Beatles' album "Let It Be" could go first. A press release in the form of a self-interview supplied with UK promotional copies of "McCartney" led to the Beatles' break-up.

Side one

Side two

Acme, Louisiana

Acme is an unincorporated community in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Minorca, Louisiana

Minorca is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Brodie

Brodie is a town in Scotland. It is between Nairn and Forres. It is on the A96 road.

Pages (software)

Pages is a word processor used for iPhone, iPad and Mac. Pages documents can be converted to Microsoft Word documents.

Seyed Pendar Toufighi

Seyed Pendar Toufighi (born 10 June 1972) is an Iranian football administrator and Oil and gas industry activist.

He is a former member of the board of directors of Esteghlal Football Club"."


Waterford, Connecticut

Waterford is a town in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is west of New London. At the 2020 United States Census, 19,571 people lived in Waterford. The town was named for Waterford in Ireland.

Alexander McDonnell

Alexander McDonnell (born on 1798–1835) was an Irish chess master. who played in a competition, a series with six matches with the world's leading Chess Player Louis-Charles Mahé de La Bourdonnais in 1834

Disclaimer

A disclaimer is a denial of liability for possible consequences of the some act. It connects with some risk, involves some uncertainty when you give some kind of statement arguing that it's only your opinion. It also means warning sign. 

In law, a disclaimer is a statement denying responsibility intended to prevent civil liability arising for particular acts or omissions. Disclaimers are frequently made to escape the effects of the torts of negligence and of occupiers' liability towards visitors. The courts may or may not give effect to the disclaimer depending on whether the law permits exclusion of liability in the particular situation and whether the acts or omissions complained of fall within the wording of the disclaimer.

A disclaimer may take effect as a term of the contract between the person making the disclaimer and the person who is thereby prevented from suing. This kind of disclaimer is, for example, invariably found in the 'terms and conditions' that a software user is confronted with when first installing the software. There will often be term(s) excluding any liability for any damage that the software might cause to the rest of the user's software and hardware. By clicking "I Agree" in the dialogue box, users are agreeing to this disclaimer as matter of contract between themselves and the software company.

Mohammad Nouri

Mohammad Nouri (, December 22, 1929 – July 31, 2010) was an iranian singer.


Italian Australians

Italian Australians () are Australians of Italian heritage or Australians born in Italy. They are Australia's sixth-largest ethnic group, with 4.6% of Australians claiming Italian heritage as of 2016. Italian Australians have founded many of Australia's pizzerias, wineries and Italian restaurants.

New Italy, New South Wales

New Italy is a village near Woodburn, New South Wales. It was founded in 1882 by Italian Australian pioneers. It is 693km northeast of Sydney, 231km south of Brisbane and 12km south of Woodburn. It has a population of 187 as of 2016.

Jap

Jap is an English language racial slur referring to a Japanese person. It gained popularity in Western countries (e.g Australia, New Zealand, United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa, etc) during World War II after the bombing of Darwin in Australia and the bombing of Pearl Harbor in the US.

List of rivers in Vaupés Department

The list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name and ordered from downstream to upstream. Vaupés Department is located entirely within the Amazon Basin.



Mars of Destruction

Jupiter trojan

The Jupiter trojans, commonly known as trojan asteroids or simply trojans, are a large group of asteroids that share the planet Jupiter's orbit around the Sun. The first Jupiter trojan discovered, 588 Achilles, was spotted in 1906 by German astronomer Max Wolf. More than 9,800 Jupiter trojans have been found.

Lucy (spacecraft)

Lucy is a NASA space probe on a 12-year journey to eight different asteroids. It will visit a main belt asteroid as well as seven Jupiter trojans. They will be fly-by encounters. The Lucy spacecraft is the part of a US$981 million mission.

András Gálszécsy

András Gálszécsy (7 December 1933 – 7 October 2021) (death announced on this date) was a Hungarian politician and lawyer. He was Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary between 1990 and 1992. He was born in Szekszárd, Hungary.

Gálszécsy died on 7 October 2021, at the age of 87.


Herbert L. Wilkerson

Herbert Lloyd Wilkerson (October 31, 1919 – October 11, 2021) was a United States Marine Corps major general. He was the commander of the Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune during the 1970s. He served during three wars: World War II, Korean War and the Vietnam War.

Wilkerson died on the morning of October 11, 2021 in Greensboro, North Carolina at the age of 101.

Troy, Tennessee

Troy is a town in Obion County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 1,423 at the 2020 census.

Dan Benishek

Daniel Joseph Benishek (April 20, 1952 – October 15, 2021) was an American physician and politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 2011 to 2017. He was a member of the Republican Party. Benishek was born in Iron River, Michigan.

Benishek died on October 15, 2021 in Crystal Falls, Michigan from a heart attack, aged 69.


Iron River, Michigan

Iron River is a city in Iron County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 3,007.

Crystal Falls, Michigan

Crystal Falls is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,598. It is the county seat of Iron County.

Gerd Ruge

Gerd Ruge (9 August 1928 – 15 October 2021) was a German journalist, author and filmmaker. He worked with "Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk" "(NWDR)", Arbeitsgemeinschaft der öffentlich-rechtlichen Rundfunkanstalten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland "(ARD)", and "Westdeutscher Rundfunk" "(WDR)."

Ruge died in Munich on 15 October 2021 at the age of 93.

Vano Siradeghyan

Vano Smbati Siradeghyan (; November 13, 1946 – October 15, 2021) was an Armenian politician, political commentator and writer. Between 1992 and 1996 he was Minister of Internal Affairs and Mayor of Yerevan from 1996 to 1998.

After President Levon Ter-Petrosyan's resignation in February 1998, criminal charges were filed against Siradeghyan. Siradeghyan disappeared in April 2000 was wanted by Interpol since then.

Siradeghyan died on October 15, 2021 at the age of 74.

Leo Boivin

Léo Joseph Boivin (August 2, 1932 – October 16, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played 19 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Minnesota North Stars from 1952 to 1970. He was honored into the Hockey Hall of Fame in September 1986.

Boivin died on October 16, 2021 at the age of 89.


Alan Hawkshaw

William Alan Hawkshaw (27 March 1937 – 16 October 2021) was a British composer.

He wrote many theme tunes including "Grange Hill" and "Countdown". He was an arranger and pianist and performed with the studio group Love De-Luxe with "Here Comes That Sound Again" in 1979.

Hawkshaw died of pneumonia at a London hospital on 16 October 2021, aged 84.

Paul Salata

Paul Thomas Salata (October 17, 1926 – October 16, 2021) was an American professional football wide receiver and actor. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He played for the San Francisco 49ers, Baltimore Colts, Calgary Stampeders and Ottawa Rough Riders. His playing career lasted from 1949 until 1953.

Salata was also an actor and he appeared in "Angels in the Outfield" (1951), "The Kid from Left Field" (1953) and "Stalag 17" (1953). He also created the NFL award known as the Mr. Irrelevant Award.

Salata died on October 16, 2021 in Newport Beach, California one day before his 95th birthday.

Jay Obernolte

Jay Phillip Obernolte ( ; born August 18, 1970) is an American politician, businessman, and video game developer. He is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for since 2021. He is a Republican.

Obernolte was a member of the California State Assembly representing the 33rd district. He was the mayor of Big Bear Lake, California. He is the owner, president, and technical director of FarSight Studios.

Obernolte was born in Chicago, Illinois, and raised in Fresno, California.


Louis-Charles Mahé de La Bourdonnais

Louis-Charles Mahé de La Bourdonnais (born on 1795 - December 1840) was a French Chess Master.

He was born on the island of la Réunion in the Indian Ocean in 1795. He learned chess in 1814 and began to take the game seriously in 1818 often playing at the Café de la Régence He learned from Jacques François Mouret


Agalychnis terranova

Agalychnis terranova is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 240 and 900 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 46.9 mm long from nose to rear end. The female frogs are larger than the male frogs. This frog has green skin on its back with many warts. This frog looks very much like other "Agalychnis" frogs, but its sides are orange with white spots instead of blue. Scientists believe this frog hides during the day and looks for food at night.

This species is near threatened. That means it is not in danger of dying out yet but it could become in danger. It is near threatened because human beings like to dig mines in the places where the frog lives.

Baku railway station

Baku Railway Station () is the main railway station of Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan. It is located in the Nesimi district in central Baku, 3 km northeast from the historical center of Baku, İçərişəhər.

It is connected to the 28 May metro station of the Baku Metro by a pedestrian tunnel. It is also the terminus station of the circular Baku suburban railway.

The first station building dates back to 1880, with the start of the Baku-Tbilisi railway. The architecture of the first building was in the Moorish Revival style. In 1926, the second station building, Sabunchu Station, was designed and built to serve the electrified Baku-Sabunchu railway. The architecture of the second building is also in the Moorish Revival style. In 1967, the 28 May metro station was built and connected to the Sabunchu Station by a pedestrian tunnel. In 1977, the station was fully renovated, during which a modern station building was built, next to the old Sabunchu Station. In 2017, the station was renovated again.


Lucky Diamond Rich

Gregory Paul McLaren (born 1971), who uses the name Lucky Diamond Rich, is a New Zealand performance artist, street performer and international arts festival performer. He does sword swallowing and juggles on a unicycle.

The Guinness World Records has said he is "the world's most tattooed person" since 2006. Tom Leppard, from England, was the most tattooed person before him.

He read about and became interested in the most tattooed men and women when he was a young boy. His first tattoo is of a small juggling club, on his hip.

All of him is tattooed, including the insides of his eyelids, mouth, ears and foreskin. Some of his black tattoos has tattooed with white or colour. His tattoos have been drawn on him for more than a thousand hours combined by hundreds of tattoo artists.

Charles Wheeler (journalist)

Charles Wheeler (1923–2008) was a British journalist.

Wheeler went to school at Cranbrook in Kent. His first job was at the Daily Sketch. In 1942 he joined the Royal Marines. He took part in D Day. In 1946 he joined the BBC. He worked on the 1948 Olympics and on the TV programme Panorama. He went to India in 1958 and in 1962 married Dip Singh. His daughter Marina was married to Boris Johnson. He later presented Newsnight. He was made a knight in 2006. He died of lung cancer.

Pat Jennings

Patrick Anthony Jennings (born 12 June 1945) is a Northern Irish former footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He played 119 international matches for Northern Ireland. His international career lasted for over 22 years. During his career, Jennings played for Newry Town and Watford. He also played in the top division with Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. He won the FA Cup with both of the north London rivals. In total, Jennings made over 1,000 top level appearances. Even though he was a goalkeeper, he scored in the 1967 FA Charity Shield.

Jennings was born in Newry. He won his last cap at the age of 41.

Jordan Grand Prix

Jordan Grand Prix is a former Formula One team and constructor founded by Eddie Jordan.

Many drivers have driven for the team, including Michael Schumacher, Damon Hill and Rubens Barrichello. In the 15 years of their participation in the championship, the team has achieved four victories - the first time in Jordan was won by Damon Hill at the 1998 Belgian Grand Prix (this was the only double victory for the team, with Ralf Schumacher taking second place), and the following season Heinz-Harald Frentzen won twice (1999 Italian Grand Prix and 1999 French Grand Prix). Giancarlo Fisichella took the last of his wins at the 2003 Brazilian Grand Prix. Drivers in Jordan's cars have achieved 19 podium finishes, the first being Rubens Barrichello at the 1994 Pacific Grand Prix and the last being Tiago Monteiro at the 2005 US Grand Prix, although it should be noted that only six drivers competed in this race. Jordan has also won 2 pole positions (Rubens Barrichello in qualifying for the 1994 Belgian Grand Prix and Heinz-Harald Frentzen in qualifying for the 1999 European Grand Prix). The team's best placing in the constructors' standings was 3rd (61 points) in the 1999 season.

In 1980, Eddie Jordan founded Eddie Jordan Racing, first in Formula 3 and then in Formula 3000. In the Formula 3000 category, Jean Alesi won the championship in a Jordan-designed car in 1989. After several successful seasons in lower series, Jordan decided to form a team in Formula 1.

The debut in the 1991 season turned out to be very successful for the team. Although it was not possible to win the podium, the team scored 13 points and finished 5th in the constructors' standings. Andrea de Cesaris, Bertrand Gachot, Michael Schumacher, Roberto Moreno and Alessandro Zanardi rode for the team in their debut season. The next two seasons were not so successful - in 1992 and 1993 the team was 11th in the constructors' standings. Jordan's drivers managed to score just one point in the 1992 season and 3 points the next. The team returned to its good disposal in the 1994 season, in which it was fifth in the constructors' championship. The drivers scored 28 points for the team, and Rubens Barrichello managed to get pole and bottom of the podium. He also finished fourth five times. The team's second driver, Eddie Irvine, did not do that well, scoring only three times throughout the season. Before the next season, Jordan changed engine supplier from Hart to Peugeot .

The team, however, fared slightly worse and fell to the 6th position (21 points). This time PP failed to win, but the 1995 Canadian Grand Prix both drivers finished on the podium - Barrichello in second position, Irvine in third.

The team entered the next season with a new sponsor - the tobacco company Benson and Hedges, which sponsored Jordan until 2005 . Eddie Irvine left for Ferrari and was replaced by Martin Brundle, who moved from Ligier . The 1996 season Jordan once again finished 5th - this time with 22 points. The Irish team did not manage to win a place on the podium. In the 1997 season, the team's colors were changed to yellow and black (such colors remained until the end of Jordan's existence). The line-up has also completely changed - Brundle retired and Barrichello moved to Stewart . The new squad was formed by Giancarlo Fisichella and rookie - Ralf Schumacher . The best period in the history of the Irish team was beginning - although the team took 5th place in the constructors' classification (33 points), this time the drivers stood on the podium 3 times - once the younger of the Schumacher brothers, and twice Fisichella. The following season, the engines were changed to Mugen-Honda, and the Italian who left Benetton was replaced by the 1996 world champion, British Damon Hill, who joined the team from the very weak Arrows . He also won Jordan's first victory - in a rainy Belgian Grand Prix, mostly remembered for a huge crash at the start. Hill's partner, Ralf Schumacher, came second in this race. It was the only double win for the team. In addition, the younger Schumacher finished third at the Italian Grand Prix . Jordan finished the season in 4th place in the constructors' standings. Before the next season, Ralf Schumacher was replaced with Heinz-Harald Frentzen, who has been driving for the Frank Williams team so far. It turned out to be a good choice - the 1999 season turned out to be the best in the history of the team. The German fought Mikka Hakkinen and Eddie Irvin for the world championship for a long time. He stood on the podium 6 times, of which he won 2 times. Damon Hill was doing much worse this time - he scored only 7 points and ended his career after the season. Jordan Grand Prix, with 61 points on his account, took 3rd place in the constructors' standings of the 1999 season.

However, the 2000 season was much worse for Jordan - despite quite good positions in qualifying and two-thirds of Frentzen's places, the team scored just 17 points and only finished 6th in the constructors' standings. The next season's results were even worse, this time the competitors in the yellow cars did not win a single podium place for the first time since 1996. However, the team's total score was slightly higher and amounted to 19 points, which allowed it to take 5th place. In the 2002 season, Fisichella returned to the team. However, it was getting worse - the drivers scored only 9 points throughout the season (although it gave 6th place, just like the previous two seasons). After the season, the engine supplier was changed - instead of Honda, Cosworth was chosen. Jordan began to slide slowly to the bottom. Financial problems ensued. Although the team ended the 2003 season with a slightly greater score - 13 points, it was only enough for the 9th place in the constructors' championship. It's also worth noting that 10 of these 13 points were scored by Fisichella after his rather lucky victory at the Brazilian Grand Prix. The next season was even weaker - Nick Heidfeld and Giorgio Pantano (replaced in the last three races by Timo Glock ) scored just 5 points, which allowed only the weakest team - Minardi - to overtake for years.

On February 3, 2005, it was announced that in the last - as it turned out later season, the team will be racing debutants - Portuguese Tiago Monteiro, who previously served as the test driver of the Miniardi team, and Indian Narain Karthikeyan, who entered Formula 1 from the World Series by Nissan. The results were slightly better (12 points), but the place remained the same - 9. Eddie Jordan has sold the team to the Russian group Midland and from the next season the team has been transformed into MF1 Racing.

Jordan Grand Prix results

These are the complete Grand Prix racing results for the Jordan Grand Prix.

Apple A7

Apple A7 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at 1.4 GHz. It is first released in 2013.

Apple A8

Apple A8 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at between 1.1 GHz and 1.5 GHz. It is first released in 2014.

Apple A8X

Apple A8X is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 3 cores and runs at 1.5 GHz. It is first released in 2014.

Apple A9

Apple A9 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at 1.85 GHz. It is first released in 2015.

Apple T1

Apple T1 is a chip that was made by Apple. It is derivated from Apple S2. It runs bridgeOS 1.0. It is first released in 2016.

ITA

ITA can refer to:


Mount Manipur National Park

Mount Manipur National Park, formerly Mount Harriet National Park, is a national park in Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India. 

The park contains Mount Manipur (formerly, Mount Harriet), the third highest mountain in the entire archipelago with a height of 383 metres.


Polar cap

A polar cap is a high-latitude region of an astronomical body (for example, a planet) with major parts covered in ice.

Mount Manipur

Mount Manipur, formerly known as Mount Harriet, is a mountain in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in India. It is the third highest mountain in the archipelago, having a height of . The former name "Mount Harriet" was officially renamed as "Mount Manipur" on 17 October 2021, by the Government of India, in tribute to the freedom fighters of Manipur. The Mount Manipur National Park (formerly, Mount Harriet National Park) is a part of the mountain and a popular tourist destination in the archipelago.

Mount Harriet

Mount Harriet may refer to:


Aswan International Airport

Aswan International Airport , also known as Daraw Airport, is a domestic airport located southwest of Aswan, Egypt. It was built in 1956 and upgraded in 1992 and 1999 by the Egyptian government.

Despite its name, it mainly offers flights to Cairo. There are also flights to Abu Simbel, a tourist destination farther south. 


University of New Orleans

The University of New Orleans (UNO) is a public research university located in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. It is a member of the University of Louisiana System and the Urban 13 association. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity".

Interstate 444

Interstate 444 (I-444) is an auxiliary Interstate in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Both ends of the highway are at I-244. The highway is long. The highway is not signed, meaning there are no signs with "I-444" on them.

Interstate 244

Interstate 244 (I-244), also known as the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Expressway, is an auxiliary Interstate that goes through Tulsa, Oklahoma. The highway begins and ends at I-44. The highway is long.

Interstate 195 (Maryland)

Interstate 195 (I-195) is an Interstate highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. The highway runs from I-95 in Arbutus east to MD 170 near the Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI Airport) in Linthicum. I-195, which is also known as Metropolitan Boulevard, is the main connection between the airport and highways leading to Baltimore, Washington, and Annapolis, including I-95, MD 295, and I-97.
Easy on Me

"Easy on Me" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was released on 15 October 2021 as the lead single from her upcoming fourth studio album, "30". The album was made available for pre-order the same day. She wrote the song with its producer, Greg Kurstin.

"Easy on Me" broke the record for most single-day streams on Spotify and also the most-requested song ever on Amazon Music in its first day using Alexa. It became her fifth number-one single in the US, the week after entering at number 68 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 based on only five hours of sales and streams. The song entered at number one in the UK, New Zealand, and Australia. It was certified Platinum in the US only less than a month after its release.

Interstate 475 (Georgia)

Interstate 475 (I-475) is an auxiliary Interstate in Georgia. Both ends of the highway are at I-75. The highway is a bypass of Macon for people going north and south on I-75. The highway is long.

Interstate 880 (Iowa)

Interstate 880 (I-880) is an Interstate Highway in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, U.S. Its route was created in 2019 from a section of I-680. It follows the same routing as Interstate 80N (I-80N), which originally connected I-29 and I-80 from 1966 to 1973. The highway is long.

André Carrillo

André Martín Carrillo Díaz (born 14 June 1991) is a Peruvian professional footballer. He plays for Saudi Arabian club Al Hilal and the Peru national team. He plays as a winger or second striker.

He has made 75 appearances for Peru since making his debut in 2011, and has played for the national team at Copa América (finishing third in 2011 and 2015, and second in 2019) and the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Carrillo came from the youth teams of Esther Grande de Bentin and Alianza Lima, where he started at age 18. He was one of the most promising juveniles in Peru. In 2011, he was transferred to Sporting de Lisboa, forming a great offensive duo with Teofilo Gutiérrez. He had good performances in the Lisbon team, generating assists and scoring chances. He won a Portuguese Cup and Super Cup in addition to achieving good campaigns with the green and white team reaching the semifinals of the UEFA Europa League 2011-12 and won a runner-up in the Primeira Liga in 2013. In 2015 André did not want to renew his contract It expired at the end of the season, which the board did not like. Sporting Lisboa president Bruno de Carvallho ignored the fact that 'the snake' is the star of his team and decided to 'freeze' it in September 2015. This consisted of André not playing a single game with his team until he renewed . André and his representative knew that this was going to lower their price; however, they chose to wait until the summer market where they signed a pre-contract with Benfica.

In 2016 he signed for Benfica for 5 seasons and had the opportunity to return to the Peruvian team. His debut with the team was in the Cova da Piedade where they would win 5-0 and his first goal converts him against Nacional where they would end up winning 3-1 on the third date of the Portuguese League. Despite not having the desired continuity, he secured his first title after his club beat Vitória Guimarães 5-0. After some friendly matches rumors were made about his going to Watford.

After not having continuity, he was loaned to Watford of the Premier League at the request of his ex-DT Marco Silva, who directed him at Sporting Lisbon. His debut was in the draw against Brighton, entering at 47 'for Cathcart. His first goal was against Swansea City making it 1-0 to finish 1-1. Curiously, days before, his coach had asked him to finish more on goal. With the arrival of coach Javi García at Watford, the player did not have much continuity with the team. His position was filled by Hughes or Feminía. On July 16, 2018, his transfer to the Al Hilal club of the Saudi Professional League was confirmed. His assignment lasted for a season for which 4 million euros were paid with a purchase option of 20 million euros.

With 10 goals in 57 appearances for Peru since his debut at age 19, Carrillo is the team's fourteenth top scorer, behind only Christian Cueva. He participated in the following continental tournaments: Argentina 2011, Chile 2015, Copa América Centenario, Brazil 2019, Brazil 2021 and finally, the World Cup in Russia 2018. His participation in the Copa América has been auspicious: he obtained 2 bronze medals in the 2011 and 2015 editions; and obtained the fourth place in the 2021 edition of the Copa América. He reached the continental final in Brazil 2019 later, achieving the runner-up and obtaining the silver medal.

Ahmad Shah Ahmadzai

Ahmad Shah Ahmadzai ( - 30 March 1944 – 17 October 2021) was an Afghan politician. He was acting prime minister of Afghanistan from 1995 to 1996.

Ahmadzai died on 17 October 2021 at the age of 77.

Mayumi Moriyama

Moriyama died in Tokyo at the age of 93 on 14 October 2021.

Bandula Warnapura

Bandula Warnapura (; 1 March 1953 – 18 October 2021) was a Sri Lankan cricketer and captain of the Sri Lankan cricket team. He played four Test matches and twelve One Day Internationals (ODI). His cricketing career lasted from 1975 to 1982. He was a right-handed opening batsman and a right-handed medium pace bowler.

Warnapura died on 18 October 2021 at a hospital in Colombo, Sri Lanka from diabetes-related problems, aged 68.

Robin Wood (comics)

Robin Wood (24 January 1944  – 17 October 2021) was a Paraguayan comic book writer and author. He was known for his classical work in Argentine comics and his later work in European comics. His best known works were "Nippur de Lagash", "Dago" and "Gilgamesh el immortal".

Wood died on 17 October 2021 at the age of 77 in Asunción, Paraguay.


Ernie Ross

Ernest Ross (27 July 1942 – 17 October 2021) was a British Labour politician. He was the Member of Parliament for Dundee West from 1979 until his retirement at the 2005 general election. He was born in Dundee, Scotland.

Ross died on 17 October 2021 in Dundee at the age of 79.

Somkiat Pongpaiboon

Somkiat Pongpaiboon (Thai script: สมเกียรติ พงษ์ไพบูลย์; 12 January 1950 – 14 November 2021) was a Thai academic and politician. He was a Professor at Nakhon Ratchasima Rajabhat University, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. He became a member of the Thai House of Representatives in 2007 from Democrat Party. He was a critic of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.

Somkiat was hospitalized for a cerebral hemorrhage in Bangkok on 17 October 2021. He died a month later on 14 November, aged 71.

Ron Tutt

Ron Tutt (March 12, 1938 – October 16, 2021) was an American rock country drummer. He played concerts and recording sessions for Elvis Presley, the Carpenters, Roy Orbison, Neil Diamond, and Jerry Garcia.


Felipe Cazals

Felipe Cazals (28 July 1937 – 16 October 2021) was a Mexican filmmaker. His 1973 movie "Aquellos años" was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Special Prize. He also directed "The Garden of Aunt Isabel" (1971).

Vladimir Markin (journalist)

Vladimir Markin (; 23 November 1956 – 12 October 2021) was a Russian journalist and politician. He worked for the Investigative Committee of Russia from 2011 to 2016. He was First Deputy Chairman of RusHydro from 2016 to 2019.

Fandas Safiullin

Fandas Shakirovich Safiullin (; 17 August 1936 – 10 October 2021) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Fatherland – All Russia party. He was a member of the State Duma from 2000 to 2003. He was born in Tatar ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Safiullin died on 10 October 2021 in Kazan, Russia at the age of 85.

2021 Kandahar bombing

On 15 October 2021, a suicide bombing happened at the Imam Bargah mosque in Kandahar, Afghanistan. The mosque is a Shia mosque. The attack happened during Friday prayers. It killed at least 65 people and injured more than 70 others. The Islamic State – Khorasan Province claimed responsibility for the attack.

It came a week after another bombing claimed by the Islamic State.

Nina Gruzintseva

Nina Aleksandrovna Gruzintseva (; 7 April 1934 – 17 October 2021) was a Russian Soviet sprint canoer and referee. She competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics, coming in 5th place. She won the Canoe Sprint European Championships in 1957 and 1961. She also won the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in 1958. Gruzintseva was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union.

Gruzintseva died on 17 October 2021 in Moscow at the age of 87.

Agalychnis taylori

Agalychnis taylori is a frog that lives in Honduras, Guatemala, and parts of Mexico.

Interstate 516

Interstate 516 (I-516), also known as the W.F. Lynes Parkway, is a auxiliary Interstate Highway in Savannah, Georgia. It starts at Georgia State Route 21 (SR 21) in Garden City, and ends at the same road (SR 21) in Savannah. It meets with I-16 also in Savannah.

Dongducheon

Dongducheon () is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.

The city is to the north of Seoul. It is important for the defense of the Korean capital. The United States Second Infantry Division ia in the city. Its division command is at Uijeongbu.

Under Goguryeo, the dynasty's territory grew southward into the Korean peninsula. Dongducheon became part of the kingdom in the form of "naeulmae hyun" (a form of village land holding). Later, Dongducheon became Sacheon village of Unified Silla in the North-South States Period. It was part of the district of Yangju in Goryeo.

Super Aguri SA08

Super Aguri SA08 is a Super Aguri F1 team car used in the 2008 Formula 1 season. The car was designed based on the Honda RA107 used in the 2007 season, and the SA08 is the successor to the 2007 Super Aguri SA07. It was driven by Takuma Satō and Anthony Davidson. The car made its debut at the 2008 Australian Grand Prix, and its last race at the 2008 Spanish Grand Prix. The car did not run a full season because prior to the 2008 Turkish Grand Prix, the Super Aguri team withdrew from Formula One.

Jimmy Dickinson

Jimmy Dickinson (1925-1982) was a football player who played a lot of games for Portsmouth.

Dickinson was from Alton and joined Portsmouth after the war. He was a defender and won medals in 1949 and 1950 when his team were top of the First Division. He played for England in the 1950s. When he retired he became Secretary of Portsmouth. In 1977 he became Portsmouth's manager. He had a heart attack in 1979 and retired. His face is shown in the seats at Portsmouth's home, Fratton Park.

Bello FiGo

Paul Yeboah (born 4 August 1992), also known as Bello FiGo, is a Ghanaian-Italian YouTuber and singer. FiGo is known in Italy for his parody songs on topics like racism, sexism and politics.

Bello FiGo was born in Accra, Ghana. In 2004, he moved to Parma, Italy with his family. In 2010 he started to publish self-produced music videos on his YouTube channel. He first used the nicknames "Bello FiGo Gucci" and "Gucci Boy". After his videos became famous, he started using the name "Gucci". The fashion company Gucci sued FiGo for using their brand name.

FiGo makes his songs in an intentionally poor style called "trash rap". In his songs, he has mocked various political figures. In 2016, "Rolling Stone Italia" said he was "the most politicized artist in Italy". In 2016 and 2017, FiGo received death threats and some of his concerts were cancelled. He published his autobiographical book "Swag Negro" in 2018.

In 2019, Bello FiGo was sued by the University of Pisa because of a sex-song "Trombo a facoltà", that was recorded inside the classes of economics of the University, which declared that its staff didn't know anything about it and didn't give its authorization to record the video.

In February 2020, he released the song "Coronaovirus", a song about the coronavirus (COVID-19). In May 2020, he released his third album "Terra Transsese in estate".

Edita Gruberová

Edita Gruberová (23 December 1946 – 18 October 2021) was a Slovak coloratura soprano. She is known for her roles as Zerbinetta in "Ariadne auf Naxos" and Queen of the Night in "The Magic Flute". She appeared in Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor" and as Elvira in Bellini's "I puritani" and Elisabetta in "Roberto Devereux".

Gruberová was born in Rača, Bratislava. Her mother was Hungarian and her father was German.

Toshihiro Iijima

, also known by the names , and , was a Japanese director, producer, and screenwriter. He was known for directing "Ultra Q" (1966), "Ultraman" (1966), "Return of Ultraman" (1971), "Daigoro vs. Goliath" (1972), "" (2001) and "" (2011).

Petra Zais

Petra Zais (22 March 1957 – 7 October 2021) was a German politician.

Zais was a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany from 1977 to 1990. She was a member Stadtrat of Chemnitz from 1992 to 1999. She rejoined the Stadtrat in 2009. In 2001, she unsuccessfully ran for mayor of Chemnitz. In 2009 and 2013, she unsuccessfully ran for a seat in the Bundestag. 

In 2014, she was elected to the Landtag of Saxony for the Greens. She left office in 2019.

Petra Zais died on 7 October 2021 at the age of 64.

Max Carver

Max Carver (born Robert Maxwell Martensen Jr; August 1, 1988) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Preston Scavo in the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives", and as Aiden on the MTV teen-horror drama "Teen Wolf".

Charlie Carver

Charles Carver Martensen (born July 31, 1988), known professionally as Charlie Carver, is an American actor. His best known roles include Porter Scavo on the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives" and Ethan on the MTV television series "Teen Wolf". His identical twin brother Max Carver has played the twin of his characters. 

Carver is openly gay.

Lisa Marie Varon

Lisa Marie Varon (née Sole; born February 10, 1971) is an American bodybuilder and retired professional wrestler. She is best known for her work with WWE under the ring name Victoria and her time spent as an Impact Wrestling Knockout under the ring name Tara.

Iratxe García

Iratxe García Pérez (; born 7 October 1974) is a Spanish politician. She is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). She has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2004. She also has been the Leader of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats parliamentary group since 2019.

Holden, Massachusetts

Holden is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The town was founded in 1741.

The population was 19,905 at the 2020 census.

Holden was named for Samuel Holden, a director of the Bank of England.

Holden, Maine

Holden is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,277 at the 2020 census.

Brownfields, Louisiana

Brownfields is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Swissvale, Pennsylvania

Swissvale is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, east of downtown Pittsburgh. The population was 8,624 at the 2020 census.

Cañon City, Colorado

The City of Cañon City is the biggest city in and county seat of Fremont County, Colorado, United States. 17,141 people lived there at the 2020 United States Census.

Bassfield, Mississippi

Bassfield is a small town in Jefferson Davis County, Mississippi, United States.

Blue Springs, Mississippi

Blue Springs is a village in Union County, Mississippi, United States.

Braxton, Mississippi

Braxton is a village in Simpson County, Mississippi, United States.

Eden, Mississippi

Eden is a village in Yazoo County, Mississippi, United States.

Satartia, Mississippi

Satartia is a village in Yazoo County, Mississippi, United States.

Gattman, Mississippi

Gattman is a village in Monroe County, Mississippi, United States.

Glendora, Mississippi

Glendora is a village in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi, United States.

Manuel Batakian

Manuel Batakian, I.C.P.B. (November 5, 1929 – October 18, 2021) was a Catholic bishop. He was an auxiliary bishop to the Armenian Catholic Patriarch from 1995 to 2000. He was the first eparch (bishop) of Armenian Catholic Eparchy of Our Lady of Nareg in New York from 2005 to 2011. Batakian was born in Athens, Greece.

Batakian died on October 18, 2021 in Beirut, Lebanon at the age of 91.

János Kornai

János Kornai (21 January 1928 – 18 October 2021) was a Hungarian economist. He was known for criticism of command economies of Eastern European communist states. He was emeritus professor at both Harvard University and Corvinus University of Budapest. In 1982, he became a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

Kornai died on 18 October 2021, at the age of 93.

Caterpillar Inc.

Caterpillar Inc. is an American company that manufactures engines and machinery for mining and construction projects. It also provides insurance and loans for businesses to buy their products. The company is the largest manufacturer of construction machinery in the world. It produces equipment such as excavators, bulldozers and mining trucks.

Caterpillar Inc. is a public company and trades on the NASDAQ under the stock ticker CAT. Caterpillar stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

The company was founded on April 15, 1925 in California. It is headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois.

Caterpillar owns several smaller companies. Some of these have changed their names and become part of the Caterpillar brand. Others have kept their own name.

Root mean square

The root mean square is a way of calculating how badly a set of observed numbers differs from a set of expected numbers.

Assume we have a set of observations as numbers, and we also know for each observation what the expected number was. Now let's say that we want to know how much these observations differ from their expected numbers. One approach would be to calculate the individual differences (expected - observed), add them all up, and divide by the number of observations. The problem here is that some of the observations will be larger than the expected values resulting in negative difference values.

To prevent the negative numbers from canceling out the positive we first need to take the absolute value of each of the differences. The average of the absolutes is called the Mean Absolute Error. The MAE treats all numbers as equal when it calculates the average, however, what if we care more about large differences and not so much about smaller ones. 

This is where the root mean square is helpful. The RMS first squares the difference values, it then calculates the average and finally takes the root of the result. The square and root operations cancel each other out. And the square operation also neatly solves our problem of negative numbers. Since we are now squaring numbers larger differences count heavier in the final value.


Apple Pencil

Apple Pencil is a wireless stylus pen accessory from Apple Inc. They are used with supported iPad tablets.

Apple announced the first-generation Apple Pencil at the same time as the first iPad Pro on September 9, 2015. The pencil works wirelessly via Bluetooth. Its pen cap hides the Lightning connector that charges the pen. The pencil works with the first- and second-generation iPad Pro models. It works with all other iPads released in 2018 and later with a Lightning port.

Apple announced the second-generation Apple Pencil on October 30, 2018 at the same time as the third-generation iPad Pro. This pencil uses a magnetic connector on the side of the tablet for charging, not a Lightning connector. It has touch-sensitive areas that can be tapped to tell the pencil to do things. It works with all iPads with a USB-C port, for example the fourth-generation iPad Air and sixth generation iPad Mini.

Windows Server 2022

Windows Server 2022 is the 10th and latest release of Windows Server operating system developed by Microsoft. It was announced at the Microsoft Build 2021 event on January 5, 2021. It was released worldwide on August 18, 2021, and is the successor of Windows Server 2016 and Windows Server 2019. 

= History =
In January 2021, Microsoft announced Windows Server 2022 would be released at the beginning of 2021. Microsoft introduced Windows Server 2022 on March 2, 2021, and released it worldwide on August 18, 2021.

Blue-sided leaf frog

The orange-eyed leaf frog, blue-sided tree frog, or blue-sided leaf frog ("Agalychnis annae") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it between 780 and 1650 meters above sea level. People sometimes keep these frogs as pets.

The adult male frog is 73.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 84.2 mm long. The fronts of the faces of male and female frogs have different shapes: females' are rounder. This frog has disks on all its front and back toes for climbing.

The frog's skin is green on its back but it has many colors on its underside: lavender, pink, orange and blue down the sides. It has green, blue, and orange on its front feet. It has yellow stripes on its front and back legs. Its belly is yellow to orange in color.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in forests up in the hills, but scientists have also seen it in city parks and lots.

The female frog lays eggs on plant leaves or branches hanging above the water, 47 to 162 eggs at a time. The eggs are green when she lays them and turn light brown as the tadpole gets ready to hatch. When they do hatch, they fall off the plant into the water. The tadpoles have dark brown heads and blue color on their bodies. In a laboratory, the tadpoles take 247 days to become frogs, but scientists think it is probably faster in the wild.

This frog is in danger of dying out for many reasons. First, human beings build things and graze animals in the forests where they live. Second, climate change is also changing their forests. Third, there is more ultraviolet radiation than there used to be, and this hurts the frog. Fourth, the disease chytridiomycosis. Chytridiomycosis is caused by a fungus that did not come from South America. People brought it there by accident. Fifth, people also brought the fish "Xiphophorus hellerii" to Costa Rica. This fish eats the frog's tadpoles. Sixth, the fly "Megaselia scalaris" eats the frog's eggs.

Veterans Parkway (Savannah, Georgia)

Veterans Parkway (also known as the Southwest Bypass) is a long freeway in the Savannah metropolitan area, connecting Georgetown with downtown Savannah, within Chatham County. It is not a state route, nor is it maintained by the Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT); it is one of the county-maintained freeways in Georgia. Most of the route runs beside Hunter Army Airfield (Hunter AAF), which is to the east of the highway. At its northern end, Interstate 516 (I-516) east and State Route 21 (SR 21) south provides access to Hunter AAF.

Satoshi Nakamoto

Satoshi Nakamoto is the name used by the presumed inventors of Bitcoin. It is probably a pseudonym or nom de plume for the creator. 

The anonymous programmer, Satoshi Nakamoto allegedly developed bitcoin, authored the bitcoin white paper, and created how it was to be used. As part of the implementation, Nakamoto devised the first blockchain database, this has been confirmed. They were active in developing bitcoin until December 2010. 
Many people have claimed, or have been claimed, to be Nakamoto. Nakamoto's BTC wallet worth approx. 1 million BTC (48 billion USD) or 5% of all BTC mined to this day, was activated in December 2021 after 10 years. Before this it was last activated 17 May 2010.

People's Bank of China

The People's Bank of China (PBC or PBOC, is the central bank of the People's Republic of China with the power to carry out monetary policy and regulate financial institutions in mainland China. The People's Bank of China has more financial assets than any single public institution in the world.

Interstate 110 (Texas)

Interstate 110 (I-110) is a Interstate spur route in El Paso running from Interstate 10 (I-10) into Mexico. I-110 provides access from I-10 to the Bridge of the Americas, which crosses the Rio Grande to connect with Avenida Abraham Lincoln in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico. I-110 is currently the only three-digit Interstate to connect directly with Mexico. It is the shortest signed Interstate in the country.

Interstate 110 (Mississippi)

Interstate 110 (I-110) is a freeway spur route in Biloxi, Mississippi, running south from I-10 to U.S. Highway 90 (US 90). It is one of very few places on the Interstate Highway System to have a drawbridge.

Interstate 610 (Louisiana)

Interstate 610 (I-610) is a auxiliary route of Interstate 10 in New Orleans, Louisiana. It allows drivers to drive around the Central Business District instead of driving through it.

Interstate 110 (Florida)

Interstate 110 (I-110) is a auxiliary route in Pensacola, Florida, going north from U.S. Highway 98 to Interstate 10. It is also known as the Reubin O'Donovan Askew Parkway in honor of the former governor.

Toro Rosso Grand Prix results

These are the complete Grand Prix racing results for Scuderia Toro Rosso.



Ebreichsdorf

Ebreichsdorf is a town and surrounding Gemeinde (local community) south of Vienna, in the district of Baden in Lower Austria in Austria.

The Gemeinde had 11,422 people living in it at the beginning of 2021. Of those people, 5,381 were living in the town.

The town's name comes for Knight Eberich. 

People were already living in the area in the Bronze Age (about 3,000 years ago). Artifacts from that time include the Ebrrichsdorf gold treasure. This includes a golden drinking vessel that was made in the same way as other cups from the Baltic Sea at the time. It is decorated with a picture of the sun and its rays.

The beginnings of a castle were noted in AD 1157, with fortification towers and other changes added over time. The building no longer stands.

In the 18th century, making cotton and wool cloth was important, so people built a large water mill in Ebreichsdorf.

During the Second World War, the castle was plundered. Between 1959 and 1963, it was rebuilt as a private residence.

In 2000, the area experienced an earthquake with a magnitude greater than 4. In 2013, the area experienced an earthquake of local magnitude 4.2 

The current (since 2010) mayor is Wolfgang Kocevar, a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria (German: Sozialdemokratische Partei Österreichs [zoˈtsi̯aːldemoˌkraːtɪʃə parˌtaɪ ˈøːstəraɪçs], SPÖ), political party.

HEC Paris in Qatar

HEC Paris in Qatar is a is a campus of HEC Paris, located in Doha, the capital of Qatar.

HEC Paris in Qatar is the result of a partnership between HEC Paris and the Qatar Foundation, a non-profit organization created in 1995 by the Emir of Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani and his wife, the Sheikha Moza bint Nasser.

HEC Paris in Qatar campus is located in the “Tornado Tower” in the “West Bay” financial center of the city of Doha.

HEC Qatar offers four types of programs, including an Executive MBA and a "Mastère Spécialisé" program.


Cahul District

Cahul is a district () in the south of Moldova. Its administrative center is at Cahul. In January 2014, Cahul District had a population of 124,700.

Cahul

Cahul is a city and municipality in southern Moldova. The city is the administrative center of Cahul District. In the 2014 census, the city had a population of 30,018.

Leslie Bricusse

Leslie Bricusse, OBE (29 January 1931 – 19 October 2021) was a British composer, lyricist, and playwright. He wrote the music and lyrics for the movies "Doctor Dolittle", "Goodbye, Mr. Chips", "Scrooge", "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" and "".

He also wrote the songs "Goldfinger", "You Only Live Twice", "Can You Read My Mind (Love Theme)" (with John Williams) from "Superman" and "Le Jazz Hot!" with Henry Mancini.

Bricusse won two Academy Awards in 1968 and 1983. He also won a Grammy Award in 1963.

Bricusse died on 19 October 2021 in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France. He was 90 years old.

Domenico Modugno

Domenico Modugno (; 9 January 1928 – 6 August 1994) was an Italian folk pop singer-songwriter, actor, guitarist, and politician. He was a member of the Italian Parliament from 1987 until 1992. He was known for his 1958 international hit song "Nel blu dipinto di blu" for which he won two Grammy Awards. Modugno was born in Polignano a Mare, Italy. He was a member of the Radical Party.

He represented Italy at the 1958 Eurovision Song Contest, coming in third place.

Modugno died on 6 August 1994 at his home in Lampedusa, Italy from a heart attack caused by a stroke, aged 66.

Bill Zeliff

William H. Zeliff Jr. (June 12, 1936 – October 18, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Hampshire's 1st congressional district between 1991 to 1997. Zeliff was born in East Orange, New Jersey.

Zeliff died on October 18, 2021 from a long-illness in Venice, Florida at the age of 85.


Sami Kohen

Sami Kohen (20 April 1928 – 18 October 2021) was a Turkish journalist and columnist. He wrote regular columns about foreign policy for "Milliyet", beginning in 1954. He also worked for "The New York Times".

On 12 October 2020, he was given the "High Service Award".

The Untouchables (1959 TV series)

The Untochables is an American crime drama television series that run on ABC from 15 October 1959 and 21 May 1963 and was distributed by Desilu Productions. It stars Robert Stack, Abel Fernandez, Nicholas Georgiade, Paul Picerni, Steve London, Anthony George, Keenan Wynn, Ed Asner, Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Bice, Frank Wilcox, Barbara Nichols, Dane Clark, Raymond Bailey and was two Primetime Emmys in the shows run. It was made into a movie "The Untochables" in 1987.


Camille (1936 movie)

Camille is a 1936 American romantic drama movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the 1848 novel and 1852 play "La Dame aux Camélias" by Alexandre Dumas. It stars Greta Garbo (in her Oscar nominated performance), Robert Taylor, Lionel Barrymore, Elizabeth Allan, Jessie Ralph, Henry Daniell, Rex O'Malley, Lenore Ulric and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

MGM, says the film made $1,154,000 in the U.S. and Canada.


Darkroom

The darkroom is a room where photographic film and paper is handled and developed. It is kept dark to prevent undeveloped film or paper from being exposed to light, which would erase the image. Darkrooms that are used for handling orthochromatic (blue-sensitive) film and black and white paper can be illuminated with a red or yellow safelight. Darkrooms used for handling color film and paper, and panchromatic black and white film (films sensitive to all colors) must be kept completely dark.

White Youth

White Youth is a 1920 American silent drama movie directed by Norman Dawn and starring Edith Roberts, Phyllis Allen, Alfred Hollingsworth, Thomas Jefferson, Hattie Peters. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and is a lost movie.

The Rifleman

The Rifleman is an American western television series that aired on ABC from 30 September 1958 to 8 April 1963 for 5 seasons and 168 episodes. It stars Johnny Crawford, Chuck Connors, Paul Fix, Bill Quinn, Patricia Blair, Hope Summers, Harlan Warde, Chris Alcaide and is related to the NBC western television series "Law of the Plainsman".


Anuradhapura

Anuradhapura (, () is a city in Sri Lanka. It is the capital or administrative center of North Central Province in Sri Lanka. As of 2012, Anuradhapura has 50,595 people living in the city.

Anuradhapura was founded in the 5th century BCE and was the capital of Sri Lanka from the 4th century BCE until the 11th century CE, when invasions from South India forced Arunadhapura. Arunadhapura was broken and by the Sri Lankan jungle. In the 19th century, Arunadhapura was returned by the British people and became a Buddhist city. The return of Arunadhapura began in 1870. Most of Arunadhapura was moved during the mid-20th century to get the site of the former Sri Lankan capital, is a major road of northern Sri Lanka and lies along a railway line.
Because Arunadhapura is in the Sri Lankan island, the climate is tropical meaning it is hot in Arunadhapura all year. In October to December, it rains many times in Arunadhapura. The hottest month in Arunadhapura is July.
Arunadhapura is the headquarters of Sri Lanka’s general view, and tourism is great in Arunadhapura's economy.

Intel Core i9 10900K

Intel Core i9 10900K is a processor that was made by Intel. It has 10 cores and 3.7 GHz clock speed, which can be boosted to 5.3 GHz. It has 20 MB cache. It was released in second quarter of 2020.

Apple M1 Max

Apple M1 Max is a system-on-a-chip that was released on 18 Oct 2021. It has 57 billion transistors and 10 cores. It is used for 16-inch MacBook Pro (2021). It has a clock speed of 3.22GHz. 

Angry Birds 2

Angry Birds 2 (formerly Angry Birds Under Pigstruction) is a puzzle game developed by Rovio Entertainment. "Angry Birds 2" has was initially released on July 30, 2015, for Android and iOS.

Much like the previous "Angry Birds" games, the player has to knock out every pig in order to beat a stage. Unlike previous games, the birds can be gotten by the use of cards. When the game was first made, the only birds were Red, Sliver, The Blues, Terence, Bomb, Chuck, and Matilda. In later updates, the characters Hal, Bubbles, Stella, Leonard, and Melody were added.

On March 6, 2015, "Angry Birds: Under Pigstruction" was introduced on the App Store and Google Play. In June 2015, Rovio announced that "Angry Birds: Under Pigstruction" has been renamed to "Angry Birds 2".

On August 15, 2019. "Angry Birds 2" has been release on the Microsoft Store for Windows 10. On June 6, 2021, the Amazon App Store released "Angry Birds 2" for free.


Krasnogorsk, Moscow Oblast

Krasnogorsk () is a city in Moscow Oblast in Russia. It is the administrative center of Krasnogorsky District of Moscow Oblast. As of 2010, Krasnogorsk has 196,896 people.

Odintsovo

Odintsovo () is a city in Moscow Oblast in Russia. It is the administrative center of Odintsovsky District in Moscow Oblast. As of 2018, Odintsovo has 140,537 people.

Yörüks

The Yörüks, also Yuruks or Yorouks (; , "Youroúkoi"; ; , "Juruci"), are a Turkish ethnic subgroup of Oghuz descent, some of whom are nomadic, primarily inhabiting the mountains of Anatolia, and partly in the Balkan peninsula. On the Balkans Yörüks are distributed over a wide area from southern Serbia, North Macedonia parts of Bulgaria, north to Larissa in Thessaly and southern Thrace. Their name derives from the Turkish verb yürü- ("yürümek" in infinitive), which means "to walk", with the word "yörük" or "yürük" designating "those who walk on the hindlegs, walkers". The Yörüks were under the Yörük Sanjak, () which was not a territorial unit like the other sanjaks, but a separate organisational unit of the Ottoman Empire.

Yörüks was settled in the Balkan especially in North Macedonia and the Amuca tribe in East Thrace, a subgroup of the Yörüks, at the time of Ottoman Empire, the yörük move into the Balkan mountains with their herds of sheep, Cows and goats, they live there on the alp called Yayla in Turkish, they make cheese from sheep and goat and cows Milk. Yörüks have preserved ancient turkish traditions such as Camel wrestling and Turkish Oil Wrestling of Men.
According to some, those tribes residing in the east of the Kızılırmak river are called Turkmen people and those in the west Yörük. Both terms were used together in Ottoman sources for Dulkadirli Turkmens living in Maraş and its surroundings. The ethnohistorical terms Turcoman and Turkmen are used synonymously in literature to designate Yörük ancestry. Today they live mostly in houses in the valleys and plains and have preserved fair hair and a fair complexion, and blue or greyish-blue eyes of their Oghuz ancestors. They hold many of their Pre-Islamic, old Tengrism culture in Lifestyle, The Boys got a big Sünnet-celebration, and Yörük Festival is hold in Turkey at differet Places.
The majority now are settled but some live a semi-nomadic lifestyle. Yörük's Ancestry are proud of there Heritage and Background. There are several Yörük tribes. Generally Yörüks hold strictly Endogamy marriages.

Aleksandar Mitrović

Aleksandar Mitrović (born 16 September 1994) is Serbian football player. He plays as forward for Fulham and Serbia national team.

He is leading goalscorer for Serbia.

Big Mutha Truckers 2

Big Mutha Truckers 2 known in Europe as Big Mutha Truckers 2: Truck Me Harder is an racing video game, developed by Eutechnyx and published in North America by THQ while the European version published by Empire Interactive. Released on PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows in 2005, it is sequel to "Big Mutha Truckers" in 2002.

Agalychnis buckleyi

The warty leaf frog ("Agalychnis buckleyi") is a frog that lives in Colombia and Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 400 and 1800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 39.3 to 44.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 50.0 to 54.7 mm long. The skin on its back is has small white warts. During the day, this frog is green. At night, it changes color to lavender or brown. Its underside is orange or cream-colored, and there is some red on its sides.

This frog lives in the mountains. It lives in both primary forest and secondary forest.

Liturgical language in Hinduism

Hinduism is traditionally considered to have Old Tamil and Sanskrit as its principal liturgical languages. Hinduism finds its earliest literary mention in the ancient Tamil Sangam literature dated to the 5th - 10th century BCE. Tamil has huge volume of literature in Hinduism especially Saivism and Vainavism. Origin of Hinduism is based on Dravidian folk religion, an ancient non-vedic form of Hinduism.Shaivism developed based on pre-Vedic religions and traditions derived from the southern Tamil Dravidian Shaiva Siddhanta traditions and philosophies.

Sanskrit is the language of the Vedas, Bhagavadgita, Puranas like Bhagavatam, the Upanishads, the Hindu epics like Ramayana and Mahabharata and various other liturgical texts such as the Sahasranama, Chamakam and Rudram. Agamas, the scriptures chiefly constituting the methods of temple construction and creation of "murti", worship means of deities, philosophical doctrines, meditative practices, attainment of sixfold desires and four kinds of yoga are in Tamil and Sanskrit.

Most of the Inscriptions in ancient temples across the Indian subcontinent are in Tamil. Tamil archanas and prayers widely used in temples in South India, Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia. The twelve Azhwars (saint poets of Vaishnavite tradition) and sixty-three Nayanars (saint poets of Shaivite tradition) are regarded as exponents of the "bhakti" tradition of Hinduism in South India. Tamil is also one of the oldest continuously used languages in the world.

Sanskrit is also the tongue of most Indian Hindu rituals. It is an Indo-Aryan language and therefore a member of the Indo-European language family. It therefore has some similarities with Greek and Latin, as well as with many vernacular languages of Europe and south Asia. Like Latin and Greek, it also has secular literature along with its religious canon. Most Hindu theologians of later centuries continued to prefer to write in Sanskrit even when it was no longer spoken as a day-to-day language.

While Sanskrit has often been associated with Brahmanism, it remains as the only liturgical link language which connects the different strains of Hinduism that are present across India. Apart from Sanskrit and Tamil, several Hindu spiritual works were composed in the various regional languages of India such as Hindi (incl. Awadhi and Braj Bhasha dialects), Assamese, Bengali, Odia, Maithili, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Tulu, Old Javanese and Balinese.

Kaumaram

Kaumaram is a Hindu denomination that focuses on the deity of love and war "Kumara", also known as "Murugan" (in South India), "Kandan", or "Kadamban", or "Kartikeya". Most devotees of Kumara also revere members of his family: Parvati, Shiva, and Ganesha. The important theological texts relating to Kumara are a part of the Shaiva agama canon. This sub-tradition is found among the Tamils, Kannada, Vedda in South India, Sri Lanka, and among the Tamil diaspora worldwide. The love story of Kumara/Murugan and his wife Valli, a girl from a local tribe, is immensely popular in Tamil Nadu and South India.

Thiruppugazh is one of the important Tamil literary work on Kaumaram.

According to local legends and Tamil folklore, Kartikeya is regarded as a veteran and a guardian of the language that is believed to have been founded by the sage Agastya, with the blessings of Kartikeya. He is considered the patron of the Tamils, due to his worship being widespread among those of Tamil descent.

According to the Skanda Purana, Kartikeya Muruga was the second son of Shiva and Parvati younger brother to Ganesha. According to the Puranic sources, he incarnated as six sparks emanating from the Third eye of Lord Shiva. According to the Skanda Purana, Muruga imprisoned Brahma, protected Vishnu from the asuras and taught the Pranava Mantram to Shiva. Thus Muruga is considered superior to the Trimurti. The worshippers of Lord Muruga are called Kaumaras.

Tamil Nadu has six primary temples for Kartikeya that are known by the name "Aru Padai Veedu", which that translates roughly as "the Six Stations".

Modes of worship include "Kavadi" that is a form of dance, "Alagu" which is a sharp piece of metal that one pierces on the body, carrying milk and water on the heads to offer to the deity and involves a Satvic diet.

Thaipusam is an occasion that is celebrated in Kaumaram. This is much more prevalent in the Murugan Temple in Malaysia. Another chief period of worship is the "Shashti". This is a period of six days when villages in South India with primary Kartikeya deities come together for a celebration. The people involved take a vow on following a vegetarian diet for the period. The six days portray events from the life of Kartikeya. The chief parts covered are the ceremonies in which he is awarded the Spear "Shakti Vel" by his mother Shakthi, the killing of the demon Surapadman, and his marriage.

Other than this, Karnataka, that is another prominent place for Kaumaras, would have its own mode of worship. Trekking the Kumara Parvatha where he is believed to have attained Mukthi giving up his life is popular although not essentially in a very traditional manner.

The primary works in Sanskrit related to Kaumaram are Skanda Puranam detailing the history of Kartikeya and Kumārasambhava, a poem by the Sanskrit scholar Kalidas that literally translates as "The Creation of Kumara" or "the Creation of the Son/Boy".

Adi Shankara wrote a piece on Kartikeya called "Subramanya Bhujangam" .

In Tamil, abundant literature is to be found both in the classical texts and in the folklore. The Skanda Puranam was translated into Tamil. Chief contributors to the classical Tamil texts include Arunagirinathar who wrote hymns of praise with complicated grammar patterns and alliteration and onomatopoeia.

Tamil folk music have hymns written praising the beauty and bravery of Kartikeya. Another chiefly written topic is the way he fell in love and converted his bride Valli. There is a dedicated tune called "Kavadi Sindhu" that is usually used to sing such hymns. This tune became associated with celebrations and dances.

Lord Muruga in his great mercy and compassion responds to his devotees without the need for a mortal guru. He is the Supreme Guru of the Universe and responds to his devotees in ways that suit their consciousness best. There only is one Sampradaya in the Kaumara faith, that which begins from Lord Muruga Himself. Unfortunately, today the Kaumara faith has lost the glory and majesty it once possessed. It has merged largely into Shaivism. However, ancient texts such as the Kumara Tantra and the Skanda Sadbhava Tantra does give significant insight on the Kaumara faith in its original sense.

There's an anecdote where Shiva pretends to forget the significance of the mantra Om and asks little Kartikeya. The young boy astounds everyone by showing Shiva that it is the source of all creation. This earns him the name "Thagappan Swami" or "Swami Naadha" meaning he outdid his father.


Mantee, Mississippi

Mantee is a village in Webster County, Mississippi, United States.

Paden, Mississippi

Paden is a village in Tishomingo County, Mississippi, United States.

Pope, Mississippi

Pope is a village in Panola County, Mississippi, United States.

Puckett, Mississippi

Puckett is a village in Rankin County, Mississippi, United States.

Sylvarena, Mississippi

Sylvarena is a village in Smith County, Mississippi, United States.

Woodland, Mississippi

Woodland is a village in Chickasaw County, Mississippi, United States.

Dragan Pantelić

Dragan Pantelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Пантелић; 9 December 1951 – 20 October 2021) was a Yugoslav professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. From 1979 until 1984, he played for Yugoslavia.

Pantelić died on 20 October 2021 in Niš, Serbia from COVID-19, aged 69.

Tom Hannegan

Tom Hannegan (1970 – October 20, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. He was a Republican. Hannegan was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives from Missouri's 65th District in November 2016, and re-elected in 2018.

Hannegan was openly gay. He was one of only two LGBT Republicans serving in the Missouri House of Representatives.

Hannegan died in St. Charles, Missouri on October 20, 2021 from a stroke at the age of 51.

Branko Mamula

Branko "Đuro" Mamula (; 30 May 1921 – 19 October 2021) was a politician and Yugoslav officer. He was later the Minister of Defence of Yugoslavia from 1982 to 1988.

Mamula turned 100 in May 2021 and died in Tivat, Montenegro on 19 October 2021 from COVID-19.

Abdelouahed Belkeziz

Abdelouahed Belkeziz, (; ; 5 July 1939 – 19 October 2021) was a Moroccan lawyer, politician, and diplomat. He was the eighth Secretary-General of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC) from 2001 to 2004.

Belkeziz died in Rabat, Morocco on 19 October 2021 at the age of 82.

Miguel Palmer

Miguel Palmer (born Miguel Ángel Palomera Gonzali; 1 November 1942 – 18 October 2021) was a Mexican actor. He was born in Villahermosa, Mexico. He was known for his roles in "Bodas de odio" and "Dos hogares".

Palmer died on 18 October 2021 at the age of 78.

Willy Kemp

Willy Kemp (28 December 1925 – 18 October 2021) was a Luxembourgish professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Kopstal, Luxembourg. In 1949, he became national champion. Between 1948 and 1957 he rode every year the Tour de France (10 times in total) and won a stage in the 1955 Tour de France.

Kemp died on 18 October 2021, at the age of 95.

Christopher Ayres

Christopher Owen Ayres (May 16, 1965 – October 18, 2021) was an American actor, director and scriptwriter. He was known for his voice roles on anime shows. He voiced Frieza from "Dragon Ball Z Kai", Kei Kurono from "Gantz", Prince Soma from "Black Butler", and Shingen Takeda from the "Sengoku Basara" series.

Ayres died on October 18, 2021 from problems caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Houston, Texas at the age of 56.

Anders Bodelsen

Anders Bodelsen (11 February 1937 – 17 October 2021) was a Danish writer. His best known novel was "Think of a Number" ("Tænk på et tal", 1968). It was made into a movie known as "The Silent Partner" in 1978. He also worked on creating children television shows for Danmarks Radio such as "Guldregn".

Bodelsen died on 17 October 2021 at the age of 84.

Piet Wijnberg

Piet Wijnberg (20 October 1957 – October 2021) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a central defender for SC 't Gooi, Utrecht, Ajax, Go Ahead Eagles, NEC, DS'79, Sparta and FC Hilversum. He also represented the Netherlands at under-21.

Wijnberg was born in Hilversum. He died in October 2021, aged 63.

Frank Hargrove

Frank DuVal Hargrove, Sr. (January 26, 1927 – October 16, 2021) was an American Republican politician. From 1982 to 2010, he was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. Hargrove was born in Hanover County, Virginia.

Hargrove died on October 16, 2021 in Ashland, Virginia at the age of 94.

Madame Nguyen Van Thieu

Madame Nguyễn Văn Thiệu (birth name Nguyễn Thị Mai Anh, 20 June 1930 – 15 October 2021) was a Vietnamese socialite. She was the First Lady of South Vietnam from 1967 to 1975. She was the wife of Nguyễn Văn Thiệu who was President of the Republic of Vietnam from 1967 until his resignation in 1975.

Madame Thiệu died on 15 October 2021 at her home in San Diego County, California at the age of 90.

The Odd Couple (1970 TV series)

The Odd Couple is an American sitcom. It was broadcast between 24 September 1970 and 7 March 1975. The main actors were Tony Randall and Jack Klugman. It was based on the 1965 play of the same name by Neil Simon and the 1968 movie of the same name. It aired on ABC.


Patrick Walker (MI5 officer)

Sir Patrick Jeremy Walker, KCB (25 February 1932 – 13 October 2021) was a British civil servant. He was Director General (DG) of MI5, the United Kingdom's internal security service, from 1988 to 1992.

He died on 13 October 2021, at the age of 89.

Frances Line

Frances Mary Line OBE (22 February 1940 – 13 October 2021), whose married name was Frances Lloyd, was a British broadcasting executive. From 1990 to 1996, she was Controller of BBC Radio 2, the first woman to hold the job and only the third to run a BBC Radio network. She was born in Croydon, Surrey, England.

Line died on 13 October 2021, aged 81.

Roy Horan

Roy Horan III (January 1, 1950 – October 12, 2021) was an American actor and martial artist. Horan was best known as Lewis in 1981 martial arts movie "Game of Death II", and Priest/Russian in 1978 martial arts movie "Snake in the Eagle's Shadow".

Horan was born in Laurel, Maryland, and died in Los Angeles, California on October 12, 2021, at the age of 71.

Gilbert Py

Gilbert Py (9 December 1933 – 9 October 2021) was a French tenor. He was known for his performances in Verdi's "Otello", "Tristan" and "Siegfried". Py was born in Hérault, France.

Py died on 9 October 2021, two months before his 88th birthday.


Étienne Mougeotte

Étienne Mougeotte (4 March 1940 – 7 October 2021) was a French journalist and media director. He was Vice-President of TF1 Group and was satellite director of TF1 from 1987 to 2007. He worked for "Le Figaro" from 2008 to 2012 and was Director-General of Radio Classique from 2012 to 2018.

Mougeotte died on 7 October 2021 in Paris from tonsil cancer, aged 81.

Sri Lanka Medical Council

The Sri Lanka Medical Council (SLMC) is a statutory organization that was established in the year 1998. It replaced the former organization named, Ceylon Medical Council. It look after the regulation of the medical profession, medical ethnical practices, standards of education and the safety of medical patients in Sri Lanka.

Lanka Sama Samaja Party

The Lanka Sama Samaja Party is one of the largest political parties in Sri Lanka. It is often referred to as LSSP.

It was the first political party in Sri Lanka (at that time known as British Ceylon). It was established in 1935 by Leslie Goonewardene, N.M. Perera, Colvin R. de Silva, Philip Gunawardena and Robert Gunawardena.

N.M. Perera

Nanayakkarapathirage Martin Perera, commonly known as Dr. N. M. Perera (Sinhala එන්.එම්.පෙරේරා ; 6 June 1904 – 14 August 1979), was one of the founding leader of the Sri Lankan Trotskyist Lanka Sama Samaja Party (LSSP). He was also the first Trotskyist politician to become a cabinet minister. He served two terms as Minister of Finance and Leader of the Opposition. He also served one term as the Mayor of Colombo.

U. B. Wanninayake

Ukku Banda Wanninayake (23 November 1905 - 21 August 1973) was a Ceylonese politician. He was born in Kurunegala on 23 November 1905. He was educated at S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia.

Polar Adventures (movie)

Polar Adventures (, Elka) is a 2007 Russian animated movie directed by Vladimir Sakov.

On the New Year's Eve little bear Elka discovered a magic friendship tunnel near his house that connects North and South Pole. Thanks to tunnel he meets a new friend - penguin Tasha. She told Elka that in Antarctica, where she comes from, something terrible happens - evildoers enslaved penguins and are stealing the snow that almost finished. The same danger waits for the Arctic.

Elka and Tasha went to save Antarctica. On the South Pole they met new faithful friends - melancholic pessimist Gull and the computer genius who can access internet even among snow plains - seal Martik. Unbelievable adventures are waiting for them. They are going to find out why evildoers are stealing the snow and from where appeared horrible robot Maxi Mouse. And in the ice palace they will meet Kye and Gerda who are not similar to those characters of Anderson's fairy tale.



Fongafale

Fongafale is the largest island among small Funafuti's Islands in the capital atoll of Tuvalu

Kandy

Kandy (), () is a city in Sri Lanka. It is the capital and largest city of the Central Province in Sri Lanka.

Trincomalee

Trincomalee (; ; ) also known as Gokanna/Gokarna, is a city in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. It is the administrative headquarters of the Trincomalee District and a major port city. The city is on the east coast of the island. It overlooks the Trincomalee Harbour. Trincomalee is north-east of Colombo, south-east of Jaffna and miles north of Batticaloa. It has been one of the main centres of Sri Lankan Tamil language speaking culture on the island for over 2000 years. 99,135 people lived there in 2021. The city is built on a peninsula of the same name. This peninsula divides its inner and outer harbours. People from Trincomalee are known as Trincomalians. The local authority is Trincomalee Urban Council. Trincomalee city is home to the famous Koneswaram temple. It is from this temple that it got its historic Tamil name "Thirukonamalai". The town is home to other historical monuments. These include the Bhadrakali Amman Temple, Trincomalee, the Trincomalee Hindu Cultural Hall and the Trincomalee Hindu College. The college opened in 1897. 

Pidurutalagala

Pidurutalagala (), () is the highest mountain in Sri Lanka. It is located in the Central Province of Sri Lanka, just located inside Nuwara Eliya, a city in Sri Lanka's Central Province.

Pierre Kerkhoffs

Pieter Johannes Elisabeth Kerkhoffs (26 March 1936 – 19 October 2021), known as Pierre Kerkhoffs, was a Dutch footballer. He played as a striker. Kerkhoffs played club football for SC Enschede and PSV. He later played in Switzerland for Lausanne Sport. From 1960 until 1965, he played for the Netherlands national football team. He was born in Geleen, Netherlands.

Kerkhoffs died on 19 October 2021 at the age of 85.

PSV Eindhoven

Individual

Ralph Carmichael

Ralph Carmichael (May 27, 1927 – October 18, 2021) was an American composer and arranger. He was seen as an important person for Christian music. He was born in Quincy, Illinois. He was known for composing music for "The Blob" and "My Mother the Car".

Carmichael died on October 18, 2021 at the age of 94.

Jerry Pinkney

Jerry Pinkney (December 22, 1939 – October 20, 2021) was an American illustrator and writer of children's books. Pinkney illustrated over 100 books, beginning in 1964. He was known for his picture book "John Henry". He won five Coretta Scott King Awards for illustration. In 2010, he received the Caldecott Medal for his book "The Lion & the Mouse."

Pinkney died of a heart attack on October 20, 2021 at the age of 81.

Casey DeSantis

Jill Casey DeSantis ("née" Black, born June 26, 1980) is a former American television journalist and news show host and the current first lady of Florida as the wife of Governor Ron DeSantis.

Jill Casey Black was born on June 26, 1980 in Troy, Ohio. Black graduated from the College of Charleston receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in economics and minored in French.

Early in Black's career, she hosted Golf Channel programs as local newscaster and anchor at an independent station in Jacksonville, Florida, and held several positions, including general assignment reporter, morning anchor, and police reporter. Black also held reports for CNN.

Casey Black and Ron DeSantis had met each other at Naval Station Mayport when he was a naval officer on a golf course. They married in September 2009, at Disneyworldand have three children together named Mason, Madison, and Mamie DeSantis.

DeSantis assumed the role and duties as the first lady of Florida on succeeding Ann Scott, when her husband inaugurated as the 46th governor of Florida. At age of 38, DeSantis is the youngest woman to assume the role as the first lady of the state. 

As first lady, she launched four major initiatives during her husband's term in office such as, Hope Florida, Florida Cancer Connect, Resiliency Florida, Hope Healing for Florida and The Facts. Your Future. 


Robert Noyce

Robert Norton Noyce (December 12, 1927 – June 3, 1990) was an American physicist and businessman. He co-founded Fairchild Semiconductor in 1957 and Intel Corporation in 1968. He was an important person in Silicon Valley.

Noyce died of a heart attack at age 62 on June 3, 1990 at a hospital in Austin, Texas.

Apple Park

Apple Park is the corporate headquarters of Apple Inc.. It is in Cupertino, California. It was opened to employees in April 2017. It replaced the original headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, which opened in 1993.

Norman Foster designed the main building. Its nickname is "the spaceship".

Winchester, New Hampshire

Winchester is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,150 people lived there.


World War One (TV series)

World War One is an American documentary series that was shown on CBS in the 1964/65 season to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the World War I. It was narrated by Robert Ryan.

Allen Park, Michigan

Allen Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Belleville, Michigan

Belleville is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Oakland, Maryland

Oakland is the county seat of Garrett County, Maryland, United States.

Chestertown, Maryland

Oakland is the county seat of Kent County, Maryland, United States.

Leonardtown, Maryland

Oakland is the county seat of St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States.

ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center

The ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center (also called ABS-CBN Broadcast Center; formerly known as Broadcast Plaza from 1974 to 1979 and current edifice formerly spelled officially as ABS-CBN Broadcasting Centre) in Diliman, Quezon City, Philippines is the oldest headquarters of ABS-CBN.

Nuwara Eliya

Nuwara Eliya (), () is a city in the Central Province of Sri Lanka. Pidurutalagala is located inside Nuwara Eliya. Nuwara Eliya is the Sri Lankan city with the highest elevation, with elevation of over 1,868 meters above sea level.

Dmitrov

Dmitrov () is a city in Moscow Oblast in Russia. It is the administrative center of Dmitrovsky District in the oblast.

Cindy Kiro

Kahurangi (Dame) Alcyion Cynthia Kiro (born 1958) is a New Zealand public health academic, administrator, and activist. She is the 22nd Governor-General of New Zealand since 21 October 2021. Kiro is the first Māori woman, the third person of Māori descent, and the fourth woman to hold the office.

Kiro studied at Massey University where she completed a PhD in 2001.


Žarko Potočnjak

Žarko Potočnjak (3 February 1946 – 21 October 2021) was a Croatian actor. He was born in Pakrac, PR Croatia, FPR Yugoslavia. His career began in 1966. He was known for his roles in "Visitors from the Galaxy", "The Glembays" and "Go, Yellow". He was also the voice of Mater in the Croatian dub of the "Cars" movies.

Potočnjak died on 21 October 2021 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 75.

FC Lausanne-Sport

FC Lausanne–Sport (also referred to as LS) is a Swiss football club based in Lausanne in the canton of Vaud. It was founded in 1896. They play in the Swiss Super League. The team has won seven league titles and the Swiss Cup nine times.

Robert Hosp

Robert "Roby" Hosp (13 December 1939 – 5 October 2021) was a Swiss football forward. He played for Switzerland in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He played for the team between 1960 and 1967. He also played for FC Lausanne-Sport between 1959 until 1967.

Hosp died on 5 October 2021, at the age of 81.

Law of the Plainsman

Law of the Plainsman is an American western television series that aired on NBC from 1 October, 1959 to 30 September, 1960 for one season and 30 episodes. It stars Michael Ansara, Gina Gillespie, Dayton Lummis, Nora Marlowe, Robert Harland and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Indefinite pronoun

An indefinite pronoun is a pronoun which does not refer to a specific person or thing. Indefinite pronouns are in contrast to definite pronouns. Indefinite pronouns can represent either count nouns or noncount nouns.

Mole Attack

Mole Attack is a video game version of the mechanical arcade game "Whac-A-Mole". Commodore published it in 1981 for the Commodore VIC-20 and the PC-8001.

Moles appear from 9 holes. The player has 60 seconds to hit as many moles as they can with a hammer. A joystick or the keyboard can be used.

In a 1983 review for "Electronic Games", Charlene Komar said: ""Mole Attack" will probably be a favorite among younger arcaders. Even though the eye-catching graphics combine well with the time-limit excitement, adults will probably find the game too simple and repetitive to get too many repeat plays."


Agalychnis spurrelli

The gliding leaf frog, gliding tree frog, Spurrell's tree frog, or pink-sided leaf frog ("Agalychnis spurrelli") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, and Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it between 70 and 1199 meters above sea level.

Frogs that live in different places are different sizes: Adult male frogs from Costa Rica are 4.8 to 5.6 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 6.0 to 7.2 cm long. The frogs that live in Panama are 6.7 to 7.6 cm long and 8.2 and 8.7 cm long. It has webbing on its feet and disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog is different colors during the day and at night: much of its back is light green during the day and dark green at night. This frog often has white spots with black outlines on its back. Some frogs have green stripes and yellow throats.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. This frog climbs up vines by going hand over hand. It can jump and glide from tree to tree by spreading its webbed front and back feet.

The female frog leaves 14-67 eggs at a time. She lays them on the upper side of a leaf hanging over a body of water that is not there all year. Sometimes a male frog will scrape them off the leaf. The eggs take six days to hatch. The tadpoles fall into the water and stay near the surface with their mouths facing up.

Dragonfly nymphs, beetles, and aphids, cicadas, and leafhoppers that live in the water eat the frog's eggs. Green kingfishers eat the tadpoles. Snakes that can climb trees eat the adult frogs.

The number of frogs living in the wild is going down but it is not endangered now. Scientists think its population is becoming smaller because of habitat loss and humans building farms and cutting down trees in the places this frog lives.

Rômulo Estrela

Rômulo Aranha Estrela (born 5 March, 1984) is a Brazilian actor. He began his career in 2004 as an extra in "Da Cor do Pecado", made other telenovelas of Globo as "Paraíso Tropical" and "Duas Caras" in 2007. He gained prominence by playing the mutant Draco in the telenovela "Caminhos do Coração" in 2008 and his sequel "Promessas do Amor" in 2009. In 2018 Rômulo played his first protagonist in the telenovela "Deus Salve o Rei". 

Estrela was born in São Luís. 


Hido

Hido died on October 17, 2021 at the age of 51.

Martha Henry

Martha Henry (February 17, 1938 – October 21, 2021) was an American-born Canadian actress. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. Her best known roles were as Catherine in "Empire, Inc.", the prime minister's mother in "HO", and the owner of the Chateau Rousseau in Ken Finkleman's "At the Hotel".

Henry died on October 21, 2021 in Stratford, Ontario at the age of 83.

Stratford, Ontario

Stratford is a city by the Avon River in Perth County in southwestern Ontario, Canada. 31,465 people lived here in 2016 and has an area of . Stratford is the seat of Perth County.

István Herman

István Ervin Herman (16 October 1947 – 21 October 2021) was a Hungarian businessman and politician. He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) for Füzesabony from 2010 to 2014. He was a member of the Fidesz. Herman was born in Aldebrő, Hungary.

Herman died on 21 October 2021, aged 74.

President of Barbados

The President of Barbados is the head of state of Barbados and the commander-in-chief of the Barbados Defence Force. The office was created when the country becomes a republic on 30 November 2021.

Sines, Portugal

Sines is a city and a municipality in Portugal where Vasco de Gama was born in and also served as his hometown.

Sheldon Stone

Sheldon Leslie Stone (February 14, 1946 – October 6, 2021) was an American nuclear physicist and academic. He was the Distinguished Professor of Physics at Syracuse University. He worked in experimental elementary particle physics such as the Large Hadron Collider beauty experiment (LHCb), and B decays. 

Stone was born in New York City. He died on October 6, 2021 in Syracuse, New York. He was 75 years old.

Jayli Wolf

Jayli Wolf is a Canadian musician and actress based in Toronto. She is better known for her alternative pop music and duo band called . In 2019, she wrote the official anthem "We Are One" for the .

Jayli Wolf was born in Creston, BC to teenage parents of both Danish and Indigenous descent. She was raised primarily by her grandparents, as a Jehovah’s Witness. Later, she has reconnected with her paternal family and indigenous heritage as an adult.

Wolf began her career after winning a song-writing contest through (APTN). She started her music career in a duo band called "Once A Tree". In 2017, Rolling Stone magazine named "Once A Tree" one of 10 new performers to note. 

In 2021 she released her debut EP "Wild Whisper". Since the release of her debut EP, Wolf’s song "Child of the Government" has since charted #1 on both CBC and IMC radio. Her music has been featured in the "Degrassi: Next Clas"s (2016), CBC’s drama series "Shoot The Messenger" (2016), and CTV’s police drama "The Detail" (2018).

She has acted roles on several drama and comedy series, such as APTN’s “Mohawk Girls” and CBC’s "Burden of Truth", Disney FX’s Y: The Last Man (2021) as Laura and Dan Mazer directed comedy film, The Exchange (2021) as Brenda. She was recently nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the American Indian film festival for her portrayal of Jess in "Run Woman Run" (2021).



Archer (1975 TV series)

Archer is an American drama series that aired on NBC. It ran for 6 episodes from 30 January, 1975 to 13 March, 1975 and was based on series of novels by Ross MacDonald. It starred Brian Keith and John P. Ryan.

DuckTales (2017 TV series)

DuckTales is an American animated television series. The series is a reboot of the original series with the same name, which aired from 1987 to 1990. The series first aired on August 12, 2017, with the first 44-minute pilot episode, "Woo-oo!", followed by a marathon that lasted 24 hours. The series officially premiered on September 23 that year on Disney XD until December 2. The series was then moved to Disney Channel on May 4, 2018, with re-runs airing on Disney XD. The series then moved once again on Disney XD with the third season on April 4, 2020. The series ended with "The Last Adventure!", which aired on March 15, 2021. The series currently airs re-runs on Disney XD. The series has since been removed from Disney channel following the removal of Disney's Amphibia and before the removal of the owl house. 

Dewey and Webby set out to find the truth about Scrooge and Donald's strained relationship and the unexplained disappearance of the boys' mother and Donald's twin sister Della Duck while Magica manipulates events to facilitate her return and seek revenge on Scrooge for imprisoning her in his Number One Dime for fifteen years.

Scrooge and Glomgold compete to become the richest duck in the world by the end of the year while Louie tries to start up his own multi-million dollar business in hopes of following in Scrooge's footsteps. Della reunites with her family after she escapes from the Moon and adjusts to her newfound motherhood, unaware that the Moonlanders, led by General Lunaris, are planning to invade Earth.

In season three, the Ducks discover the journal of the legendary explorer Isabella Finch, which details several lost treasures, and begin a globetrotting expedition to find them all while the criminal organization F.O.W.L. plots to eliminate the Ducks and obtain the treasures first in order to rid the world of adventuring.


List of DuckTales (2017 TV series) episodes

"DuckTales" is an American animated series developed by Matt Youngberg and Francisco Agones. It first aired on August 12, 2017. It last aired on March 15, 2021.

The first season of DuckTales premiered on August 12, 2017, with the episode "Woo-oo!" on Disney XD. It officially premiered on September 23, 2017, with "Daytrip of Doom!". Only nine episodes premiered on Disney XD, while the other 14 episodes aired on Disney Channel.

The Global Institute for Tomorrow

The Global Institute for Tomorrow (GIFT) is a Hong Kong-based Think-tank with primary focus on the economic, political and social issues from an Asian perspective.


Iso

ISO is a camera setting that will brighten or darken a photo. As you increase your ISO number, your photos will grow progressively brighter. For that reason, ISO can help you capture images in darker environments, or be more flexible about your aperture and shutter speed settings

Molara Wood

Molara Wood (born 1967) is a Nigerian creative writer, journalist and critic. Currently lives in Lagos and writes an Arts column for "The Guardian". She is also a blogger. 

She was born in 1967 in Nigeria. Her life, as she described, was "a fairly peripatetic life". In a 2015 interview with Oyebade Dosunmu for "Aké Review", Wood said: "Even long before my UK days I had lived in Northern and South-Western Nigeria as well as Los Angeles— all by the age of eleven or twelve. There is a sense in which you’re always out of time, out of place—and the years in Britain merely compounded that. The feeling doesn’t go away with return to Nigeria, it merely mutates, as people remark about me coming across as someone from ‘away’, even when I’m trying to blend in. I am therefore pretty sensitive to the permutations of dislocation and re-integration. London was a huge tableau for me to observe this theatre of human experience as far as Nigerian immigrants were concerned."

She was described as "one of the eminent voices in the Arts in Nigeria".

She writes short stories, flash fiction, poetry and essays. Her works were published in a media such as "African Literature Today", "Chimurenga", "Farafina Magazine", "Sentinel Poetry", "DrumVoices Revue", "Sable LitMag", "Eclectica Magazine", "The New Gong Book of New Nigerian Short Stories" (ed. Adewale Maja-Pearce, 2007), and "" (ed. Chris Brazier; New Internationalist, 2009).

In 2007 her fiction was highly commended in the Commonwealth Broadcasting Association's Short Story Competition. 

In 2008 she won the inaugural John La Rose Memorial Short Story Competition.

Her collection of short stories, "Indigo", was published in 2013 by Parrésia Publishers. "Indigo" was well received, with "Critical Literature Review" calling it "a reader's pleasure".

As Oyebade Dosunmu writes: "Wood tells stories of people who inhabit in between ‘indigo’ spaces: the borderland of immigration, the no-man's-land of multiculturalism and the frontiers of social mobility. These worlds spiral into one another and their inhabitants spin along, negotiating extremes of human circumstance—barrenness, the (fated) pursuit of glamour, madness, death—struggling, all the while, to plant roots in shifting sand." Many of the stories dealt with the lives of African women negotiating concerns such as barrenness, polygamy and widowhood. Wood has said that "these are the writings of a womanist and a feminist. I have a great empathy, a well of feeling for what women go through. I don’t feel these are given adequate treatment in the writings of male writers, so it’s really up to us, the female writers, to privilege the voices and experiences of women."

Wood was a judge for the 2015 Etisalat Prize for Literature. She is on the Advisory Board of the Aké Arts and Book Festival. She also wa a participant in many literary eventsm such as the Lagos Book & Art Festival. 

The Thrill of Brazil

The Thrill of Brazil also known as Dancing Down to Rio is a 1946 American musical movie directed by S. Sylvain Simon and starring Evelyn Keyes, Keenan Wynn, Ann Miller, Allyn Joslyn, Tito Guízar, Felix Bressart. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Swatch of No Ground Marine Protected Area

Swatch of No Ground Marine Protected Area is a protected wildlife sanctuary in the Bay of Bengal. It was established on 26 October 2014. The sanctuary covers an area of 163,600 hectares (429,000 acres). It is located at Swatch of No Ground, which is considered to be the deepest underwater trench in the Bay of Bengal.

Einár

Nils Kurt Erik Einar Grönberg (5 September 2002 – 21 October 2021), better known as Einár, was a Swedish rapper. He was best known for his rap song ”Katten i trakten”

Einár was shot dead on 21 October 2021 in Stockholm, which caused a huge outcry in Swedish social media, mainly Instagram.

European Diversity Awards

The European Diversity Awards is the longest running and biggest Diversity event across Europe. They were founded in 2010 by Linda Riley with a ceremony at the iconic Savoy Hotel in London hosted by BBC journalist Jane Hill. The event remained at the Savoy for the next two years. In 2014 the event moved to the Natural History Museum in London where it remained until 2019.

The event is now firmly established as the Europeans most respected diversity event and hosted by actor and Booker nominated author Sophie Ward. The attendees include representatives from business, politics, community and charitable organisations and the media. The awards recognise the individuals and organisations whose dedication and commitment has made a genuine difference to the equality, diversity and inclusion agenda. At the 2018 event Dawn Butler then shadow equalities minister for the Labour Party announced Linda Riley as the Shadow lead government Diversity divisor.

The awards celebrate companies and individuals across all strands of diversity: race, age, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity and belief.

Morelet's tree frog

The popeye hyla, Morelet's leaf frog, Morelet's tree frog, Morelet's frog, or black-eyed leaf frog ("Agalychnis moreletii") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. The frog has two ranges: one on the Pacific side of the mountains and one on the Atlantic side of the mountains. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 2130 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 60.5 to 64.2 mm long from nose to rear end, and one female was found to be 58.6 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark green to light green. It has orange on its sides, inside its legs, and on some of its toes. Its belly is yellow to white. The irises of its eyes are red or purple.

This frog lays eggs after heavy rain. The female lays the eggs on rocks or plants that hang over the water. The eggs are green in color. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall into the water. The eggs do not start to hatch for 9-12 days, and they take 2-3 days to hatch completely. Most tadpoles hatch at night. However, scientists have seen these eggs do something strange: If something shakes or disturbs the group of eggs—for example, a tree snake trying to eating some of them—the other eggs will hatch early. This will also happen if the eggs fall into the water.

This frog is endangered in Mexico because of the fungal disease chytridiomycosis. The fungus has killed almost all of these frogs there. As of 2007, the disease had spread to El Salvador too. This frog is also in danger because of habitat loss (people changing its forests into farms) and because humans capture them to sell as pets.

Bitstamp

Bitstamp is a cryptocurrency exchange based company in Luxembourg. It enable USD, EUR, GBP, bitcoin, XRP, Ether, litecoin, bitcoin cash, XLM, Link, OMG Network, USD Coin or PAX deposits and withdrawals. 

Nejc Kodrič is the CEO of the company. He is widely known member of the bitcoin community. Bitstamp outsourced certain operations to the UK due to the insufficient financial and legal services in Slovenia.

Started by Nejc Kodrič and Damijan Merlak in August 2011, the company's first base was in a Slovenian garage with just a server, a couple of laptops and a thousand euros in capital.

In June 2014, Bitstamp was awarded the Best Virtual Currency Startup at the Europas

Bitstamp was one of the first exchanges to implement multi-signature technology for its hot wallet. It was also an early adopter of Bitcoin's SegWit soft fork for lower fees in 2017, and it instituted one of the first insurance funds, secured in cold storage, to reimburse its customers in the event of a hack.

In July 2017, Bitstamp partnered with Swissquote, a well-respected analytical and finance firm to provide their customers BTC-USD and BTC-EUR trading pairs.

Robert Runcie

Robert Runcie (2 October 1921 - 12 July 2000) was an English archbishop.
Runcie was born near Liverpool. He was educated at Oxford University. During World War Two, he was in the Scots Guards. He was Bishop of St Albans from 1970 to 1979 and Archbishop of Canterbury from 1979 to 1992.

Apple A9X

Apple A9X is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 2 cores and runs at between 2.16 and 2.26 GHz. It is first released in 2015.

Apple A10

Apple A10 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 4 cores and runs at between 1.6 and 2.34 GHz. It is first released in 2016.

Paul Schroeter

Paul Schroeter, or Schröter, (26 October 1866 – 1946), was a German painter and etcher.

Born in Kępno Schroeter initially studied in the early 1880s at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, where he was a student of Eduard von Gebhardt, Peter Janssen and Adolf Schill. Here, alongside Fritz Overbeck and other young painters of the academy, he joined the Tartarus student association, which also published irregular magazines in which he participated with illustrations. It was also here that he met the painter Fritz Mackensen, who was already well-known at the time. The painter Peter Philippi described 'Tartarus' as "next to the great Malkasten, [... it] was a [...] refreshing [group or] union of young, seriously aspiring artists, among others Robert Engels, Karl Krumbacher, Ludwig Keller, Otto Modersohn, Robert Weise, Paul Schröter, Adelbert Niemeyer, Ernst Christian Pfannschmidt.

From Düsseldorf, Schroeter moved to the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich and joined the Allgemeine Deutsche Kunstgenossenschaft. Active in Munich since 1893, he became a member of the Munich Secession with participation in the spring exhibition in May 1894. Study trips took him to Holland, Belgium and Spain and for a short time he stayed in the , where he met Carl Bantzer, Georg Burmester and Wilhelm Thielmann. From 1898 to 1901, Schroeter lived in Hamburg and became friends with and , the co-founders of the Hamburgischer Künstlerklub. As an illustrator, he produced commissioned works for the Munich magazine "Jugend": 1898 "Haideblume" and "Dornröschen und die Alte" and 1913 a "Vignette".

He had a close friendship with Mackensen, Modersohn and Overbeck, and they persuaded him to come to the still young Künstlerkolonie Worpswede. With his wife Grete and their children, Schroeter moved to Worpswede in 1901, and from there to Horn-Lehe around 1904, where he became a member of the Deutscher Künstlerbund. There, in northern Germany, he painted portraits, landscapes and interior pictures with mostly rural themes. The reviews were not always positive, as the magazine "Die Kunst" wrote in 1903:
In 1908, Schroeter left Bremen, moved to Berlin, was a member of the Verein Berliner Künstler, and lived there in Lichterfelde.

Schroeter was a still life, landscape, genre and portrait painter as well as a graphic artist. Many of his works are in private collections. Most of his work were lost during the Second World War.





Whitley, Coventry

Whitley is a suburb of Coventry in the United Kingdom. Sir William Lyons and his friend established a car company there in 1922. That company later became Jaguar Cars.

Cassandra Clare

Judith Lewis (née Rumelt; born July 27, 1973) is an American author of young adult fiction.

Clare was born Judith Rumelt to American parents in Tehran, Iran.


Luxury car

A luxury car is a type of car that gives a feeling of comfort and luxury in travel. 

Car companies include:

A lot of non-luxury car companies make luxury cars, such as the Hyundai Grandeur. Toyota Crown or Toyota Century.

Egg of Columbus

Egg of Columbus is an expression that means an unexpectedly easy way out of a difficult situation.

According to legend, when Christopher Columbus told Cardinal Mendoza about how he discovered land west of the Atlantic ocean, one of the people with them said, "What could be easier than to discover a new land?" To which Columbus offered him a simple task: to put the egg on the table and make it balance on its end. When none of the other people could do it, Columbus took the egg, smashed it from one end, and placed it on the table, showing that it was actually very simple. Seeing this, everyone began to object, saying that they could do the same. To which Columbus replied, "The difference, gentlemen, is that you could do it, when I did."

Historians are not sure if Columbus really did this in real life. They think it is likely that people made the story up many years later.

Girolamo Benzoni wrote about this story in "Historia del Mondo Nuovo" in 1565. Historians think Benzoni might have been the first person to tell the story, but they are not sure.

One reason they think so is that almost the exact same story showed up in another book, by painter Giorgio Vasari in 1550. In Vasari's book, it was the builder Filippo Brunelleschi who flattened the egg. This was to explain how he built the heavy done for the Santa Maria del Fiore church.

In English, people use term "egg of Columbus" to describe puzzles.

Writers Mary Shelley, Leo Tolstoy and others have mentioned the story of Columbus and the egg in their books.

Leishemba Sanajaoba

King Leishemba Sanajaoba is the present king of Manipur state of India. He is a politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party from Manipur. In the year 2020, he was elected as the Member of Rajya Sabha (Upper House) from Manipur state.

Hispania F111

The HRT F111 is the HRT team car for the 2011 season, designed and built by HRT. It was presented on 11 March 2011 in Barcelona, Spain.

2021 United States Grand Prix

United States Grand Prix 2021, officially Formula 1 Aramco United States Grand Prix 2021 the seventeenth round of the Formula One World Championship for the 2021 season. The Grand Prix will be held October 22-24, 2021 at Circuit of the Americas in Austin.

Notes

Notes

Constraint (mathematics)

When looking at a mathematical problem to solve, there are two kinds of conditions, possible solutions must satisfy: The first kind of condition is directly linked to the problem description, and can be derived from it. There's a second kind of condition, which is not directly related to the problem description. This kind of condition is called constraint. The set of possible solutions which satisfy all these constraints is called "feasible set".

Footpad

A footpad was a type of robber who attacked people who were travelling, they specialised in pedestrian victims. They were common in the British Isles from the time of Elizabeth I to the 1800s. They were thought to be socially inferior to highwaymen (who robbed on horseback), often considered low criminals, opposed to highwaymen who would sometimes become infamous as well as famous. This term was commonly used from the 16th century to the 19th century, but slowly fell out of use.

Footpads always operated on foot, and robbed people after scaring them. Usually operating in the dark, they used this to their advantage by frightening the victim and getting away unseen; some of these crimes were brutally violent, although most commited them out of need and preferred more passive methods. 

They opted for this method due to the high price of horses and the incognito factor of the dark. These activities usually took place in gangs.

Mercerised cotton

Mercerisation is a textile finishing treatment for cellulose fabric and yarn. It is mainly used for cotton and flax. The process changes the properties of the materials: They can be colored more easily, they withstand tearing better, and the fabric will shrink less, when washed. Fabrics treated that way also have a luster which make them resemble silk in some ways.

Sometimes, cotton treated that way is called "Fil d'écosse". Sometimes wool treated in the Mercosett process is also called mercerised. 

The process of mercerisation is long, and relatively costly. For this reason, only higher quality textiles are treated that way.

About 1844, John Mercer developed the process. He noticed that when he treated cotton with solutions of sodium hydroxide, this changed the properties of the cotton: The fabric shrank, and had a higher resistance to tearing. It was also easier to color the material using dyes. 

In the original process of Mercer, no tension was applied. The product was termed "fulled cotton", a nod to the process of fulling in woven wool fabric. For Mercer, making the material easier to color was the most important technical aspect.

Mercer also tried with sulfuric acid and zinc chloride solutions and discovered the parchmentising effect of sulfuric acid.

The silk-like lustre now commonly associated with mercerising is produced by tension and was discovered by Horace Lowe in 1890.

Treatment with sodium hydroxide destroys the spiral form of the cellulose with formation of alkali cellulose, which is changed to cellulose hydrate on washing out the alkali. Caustic soda concentrations of 20–26% are used. Effective mercerization requires the use of wetting agents.

The improved lustre of mercerised cotton is due to the production of nearly circular cotton fibres under tension. Another characteristic feature is the untwisting (deconvolution) of the cotton hair.

In dry mercerization, the process is carried out while drying the fabric on a stenter.


Archie Lamb

Sir Albert Thomas "Archie" Lamb KBE CMG DFC (23 October 1921 – 19 October 2021) was a British politician, writer and RAF fighter pilot. He was the British ambassador to Kuwait from 1974 to 1977, and to Norway from 1978 to 1980. Lamb was born in Swansea, Wales.

Lamb was appointed MBE in 1953.

Lamb died on 19 October 2021, four days before his 100th birthday.

Melissa Disney

Melissa Smith Femling (born November 20, 1970), known professionally as Melissa Disney, is an American voice actress and writer. Her best known role to date was as the voice of the titular character in the Nickelodeon animated series "As Told by Ginger" and Honey Adams in the Disney Channel animated series "North Woods".


 

Donna Dixon

Donna Lynn Dixon (born July 20, 1957) is an American actress.

She was named Miss Virginia USA in 1976 and Miss District of Columbia World in 1977. She competed in both Miss USA 1976 and Miss World USA 1977.

Dixon played Allison Hayes in the NBC drama "Berringer's". She co-starred with Tom Hanks in the early 1980s situation comedy "Bosom Buddies", playing Sonny Lumet.

Bosom Buddies

Bosom Buddies is an American television sitcom starring Tom Hanks and Peter Scolari. It was created by Robert L. Boyett, Thomas L. Miller and Chris Thompson.

It aired for two seasons on ABC from November 27, 1980, to March 27, 1982. The show was about two single men, working in creative advertising, struggling in their industry while dressing up as women in order to live in the one apartment they could afford.


Wendie Jo Sperber

Wendie Jo Sperber (September 15, 1958 – November 29, 2005) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "I Wanna Hold Your Hand" (1978), "Bachelor Party" (1984), and "Back to the Future" (1985).

Sperber died of breast cancer on November 29, 2005 in Sherman Oaks, California, at the age of 47.

Sinaia

Sinaia is a curort town in Prahova Country, Romania. This town was named after the Sinaia Monastery of 1695. 

Telma Hopkins

Telma Louise Hopkins (born October 28, 1948) is an American actress and singer. She was a member of the 1970s pop music group Tony Orlando and Dawn. She is known for her television roles such as Isabelle Hammond in "Bosom Buddies" (1980–82), Adelaide "Addy" Wilson on "Gimme a Break!" (1983–87) and "Family Matters" (1989–1997) as Rachel Baines–Crawford. 

Hopkins co-starred in 1984 science fiction movie "Trancers" and in its sequels "Trancers II" (1991) and "Trancers III" (1992) and "Trancers IV" (2019).

Jackie Tohn

Jaclyn Tohn (born August 25, 1980) is an American actress and musician. She is best known for playing Melanie "MelRose" Rosen on the Netflix series "GLOW", and for taking part in "American Idol" season 8, making it to Top 36 (the semi-finals). She also took part in the 2011 songwriting competition series "Platinum Hit" on the Bravo network.


Halyna Hutchins

Halyna Hutchins (; 1979 – 21 October 2021) (née Androsovych; ) was a Ukrainian cinematographer and journalist. Her career began in 2015 and worked on over 30 movies and television shows. Her best known works were "Archenemy", "Darlin'", and "Blindfire". Hutchins was born in Horodets, then-Soviet Union.

On 21 October 2021, Hutchins was working in Santa Fe, New Mexico on the set of "Rust", when actor Alec Baldwin accidentally fired a prop gun shooting her. She later died from her injuries at a hospital in Albuquerque, New Mexico at the age of 42.


Holly Black

Holly Black "née" Riggenbach (born 1971) is an American writer and editor for Children's and Young Adult Fiction.

Black holds B.A. in English from The College of New Jersey.


Leigh Bardugo

Leigh Bardugo (Hebrew: לי ברדוגו‎) is an Israeli-American fantasy author. 

Bardugo was born in Jerusalem, but raised in Los Angeles, California, United States. She holds bachelor degree in English language from YALE University. 





Maureen Johnson

Maureen Johnson (born February 16, 1973) is an American author of young adult fiction. 

Johnson was born and raised in Philadelphia. She holds bachelor degree in English from University of Delaware. She also studied writing and theatrical dramaturgy at Columbia University.


Sarah Rees Brennan

Sarah Rees Brennan (born 21 September 1983) is an Irish writer for young adult fantasy fiction.

Brennan was born and raised in Ireland. She obtained a Creative Writing MA from Kingston University in London.


Luke Youngblood

Luke Youngblood (born 12 June 1986) is an British actor and voice actor. He is known for playing Ben in The Story of Tracy Beaker, young Simba in The Lion King at several London venues, Lee Jordan in the Harry Potter film series and Magnitude on the NBC comedy series Community. He played Sid in the ABC musical comedy series Galavant. He currently voices William in Baby Shark's Big Show! and Do in Do, Re & Mi and is living in Hollywood, California.

Youngblood was born and raised in London and grew up with his younger sister Jessica, in a family of Kenyan descent. He showed interest in acting at an early age, and during his teenage years attended acting classes, and appeared in several local production plays. He studied acting at the prestigious Sylvia Young Theatre School, but later pursued a degree in fashion design at the London College of Fashion.



Michihiko Kano

Kano was born in Yamagata. He died on 21 October 2021 at a Yamagata hospital from problems caused by polycythemia, aged 79.

Polycythemia

Polycythemia (also known as polycythaemia or polyglobulia) is a rare blood disease in which there is an increase in red blood cells. This can cause blood to become thicker and therefore cause strokes and heart attacks.

Emergency treatment for this can include removal of blood.

Robin McNamara

Robin McNamara (May 5, 1947 – October 2021) was an American pop singer-songwriter, actor and musician. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts. He appeared on Broadway musical "Hair", playing the lead role of Claude from 1969 until 1971. He wrote the song "Lay a Little Lovin' on Me". and number 6 in Canada. 

McNamara died in October 2021, at the age of 74.


Peter Scolari

Peter Thomas Scolari (September 12, 1955 – October 22, 2021) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Michael Harris on "Newhart" (1984–1990) and Henry Desmond in "Bosom Buddies" (1980–1982). He also played Billy the Lonely Boy in the 2004 movie "The Polar Express".

Scolari won an Emmy Award for his role as Tad Horvath on "Girls" in 2016.

Scolari died from leukemia on October 22, 2021 in New York City, at age 66. He had the disease for two years.

Irshat Fakhritdinov

Irshat Yunirovich Fakhritdinov (; 1 February 1965 – 22 October 2021) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the United Russia party. He was in the State Duma from 2007 to 2016. Fakhritdinov was born in Sayranovo, Bashkir ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Fakhritdinov died on 22 October 2021 in Ufa, Russia of COVID-19 at the age of 56.

Topmast staysail

A topmast staysail is a sharp, triangular sail which is hoisted above the gaff sails. It is hold in place with a halyard, two necklines, two tacks and one or two loaders. It is fixed on one side to a spar or antenna and on the other to the mast. It is hoisted when there is a slightly favorable weather, to increase the heeling of the boat and gain some speed. In some boats the topmast staysail has an irregular trapezoidal form; then the bottom overlaps slightly with the gaff sail. 

They hoista topmast staysail the bric-a-brac, and some schooners, cutters and quetzals .

Ju Gau-jeng

Ju Gau-jeng (; 6 October 1954 – 22 October 2021) was a Taiwanese politician. He was in the Legislative Yuan from 1987 to 1999. He was a member of the Democratic Progressive Party. Ju was born in Yunlin County, Taiwan.

Ju died on 22 October 2021 in Taipei, Taiwan from colorectal cancer, two weeks after his 67th birthday.

Serhiy Morozov

Serhiy (or Sergei) Yuriyovych Morozov (, ; 30 April 1950 – 22 October 2021) was a Soviet-born Ukrainian footballer, manager and sports commentator. He played for the Soviet Union national football team once in 1972. He was known for playing with PFC CSKA Moscow and FSV Wacker 90 Nordhausen. His playing career lasted from 1964 until 1985.

Morozov died on 22 October 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine from COVID-19, aged 71.

Udo Zimmermann

Udo Zimmermann (6 October 1943 – 22 October 2021) was a German composer, musicologist, opera director, and conductor.

He worked as a professor in Dresden, and was director of the Leipzig Opera and the Deutsche Oper Berlin. He directed a contemporary music series for the Bayerischer Rundfunk. His best known opera was "Weiße Rose".

Zimmermann died on 22 October 2021 in Dresden, Germany from a long-illness, aged 78.


Bunkerville, Nevada

Bunkerville is an unincorporated town and census-designated place in Clark County, Nevada, United States. The population was 1,069 at the 2020 census.

North Branch, Minnesota

North Branch is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 10,787 at the 2020 census.

Randolph, Vermont

Randolph is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States. The population was 4,669 at the 2020 census.

Zosia Mamet

Zosia Russell Mamet (; born February 2, 1988) is an American actress and musician. Her best known television roles were in "Mad Men", "United States of Tara" and "Parenthood" and as Shoshanna Shapiro on the HBO original series "Girls".

Lindsay Crouse

Lindsay Ann Crouse (born May 12, 1948) is an American actress. For her role in "Places in the Heart", she received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. 

She was also in "Slap Shot" (1977), "Between the Lines" (1977), "The Verdict" (1982), "Prefontaine" (1997), and "The Insider" (1999).

Rebecca Pidgeon

Rebecca Pidgeon (born October 10, 1965) is an American actress and singer-songwriter.

In 1991, she married playwright David Mamet and they have two children.

She appeared in some of Mamet's movies such as "The Spanish Prisoner" (1997), "The Winslow Boy" (1999), "State and Main" (2000), and "Heist" (2001). 



Tai Jeng-Wu

Tai Jeng-Wu is a former chairman and president of Sharp Corporation since August 16, 2016. Jeng-Wu also served as an executive vice-president at Hon Hai Presicion Industry Co, Ltd.

Tommy Dorfman

Tommy Dorfman (born May 13, 1992) is an American actor and model. He is best known for playing Ryan Shaver in the Netflix series "13 Reasons Why" (2017).

Dorfman is queer.

In November 2017, Dorfman came out as non-binary. On July 22, 2021, Dorfman came out as a transgender woman.

Cripple Creek, Colorado

Cripple Creek is a city and county seat of Teller County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 1,155 at the 2020 United States Census.

Woodland Park, Colorado

The City of Woodland Park is the home rule municipality and largest city in Teller County, Colorado, United States. 

Álex Quiñónez

Álex Leonardo Quiñónez Martínez (11 August 1989 – 22 October 2021) was an Ecuadorian sprinter. He competed in the 100 metres and 200 metres. He took part in representing Ecuador at the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2020 Summer Olympics.

Quiñónez was born in Esmeraldas, Ecuador. 
He won a bronze medal at the 2019 World Athletics Championships.

Quiñónez was shot to death on 22 October 2021 in Guayaquil, Ecuador at the age of 32.

Jefferson Pérez

Jefferson Leonardo Pérez Quezada (born 1 July 1974) is an Ecuadorian retired race walker. He won the first two medals his country achieved in the Olympic Games. He won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

George Butler (filmmaker)

George Tyssen Butler (12 October 1943 – 22 October 2021) was a British-American filmmaker and photographer. Some of his most popular movies were "Pumping Iron", movie trilogy and "Going Upriver: The Long War of John Kerry". and "Roving Mars".

Minoo Mumtaz

Minoo Mumtaz (born Malikunnisa Ali; 26 April 1942 – 23 October 2021) was an Indian actress and dancer. Mumtaz appeared in many Hindi movies of the 1950s and 1960s. Mumtaz was born in Mumbai, India. Her career began in 1954. Her best known roles were in "Kaagaz Ke Phool", "Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam" and "Gazal".

Mumtaz died of cancer at a hospital in Toronto, Canada on 23 October 2021 at the age of 79.

Vyacheslav Vedenin

Vyacheslav Petrovich Vedenin (; 1 October 1941 – 22 October 2021) was a Soviet cross-country skier. His silver medal over 50 km was the only medal won by a Soviet male skier at the 1968 Olympics. He also won a gold and bronze medal at the 1972 Winter Olympics.

Miguel La Fay Bardi

Miguel La Fay Bardi (November 11, 1934 – October 20, 2021) was an American-Peruvian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts. He became a priest in 1953. Pope John Paul II made him Territorial Prelate of Sicuani in 1999. He retired in 2013.

La Fay Bardi died on October 20, 2021 in Needham, Massachusetts at the age of 86.

FC Metalist 1925 Kharkiv

Football Club Metalist 1925 Kharkiv is a professional football club from Kharkiv, Ukraine. It was founded in 2016, the club plays in Ukrainian Premier League. Their home stadium is Metalist Oblast Sports Complex with 40,003 capacity.

Metalist 1925 is the second club in Ukraine to attend home matches in the championship.

It was established in the summer of 2016. As several football clubs in the league due to debts, the original club FC Metalist Kharkiv owned by Serhiy Kurchenko was refused a license in 2014 by the Football Federation of Ukraine and expelled from national competitions. The Kurchenko's Metalist continued to play in regional competitions as SC Metalist Kharkiv.




Dalma Mádl

Dalma Mádl (née "Némethy"; 9 November 1932 – 22 October 2021) was a Hungarian socialite. She was born in Pécs, Hungary. She was married to President Ferenc Mádl. She was the First Lady of Hungary between 2000 until 2005.

Mádl died on 22 October 2021 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 88.

József Antall

József Antall Jr. (Hungarian: Ifj. Antall József, ; 8 April 1932 – 12 December 1993) was a Hungarian historian and politician who served as the first democratically elected Prime Minister of Hungary after the fall of communism. He was instrumental in Hungary's transition to democracy and is considered a key figure in the country's modern history.

Antall was born on April 8, 1932, in Budapest, Hungary. He studied history and Hungarian literature at Eötvös Loránd University in Budapest and later earned a doctorate in philosophy. Antall began his academic career as a researcher at the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, where he specialized in Hungarian and European history.

In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Antall became involved in the opposition movement against the Communist government. He was a founding member of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF), a political party that advocated for democracy and free markets in Hungary. Antall was elected as the president of the MDF in 1989.

After the fall of communism in Hungary, Antall became the first democratically elected Prime Minister of Hungary in 1990. He led the country during a crucial period of transition from communism to democracy and oversaw significant economic and political reforms.

One of Antall's most significant achievements was his role in negotiating the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Hungary. Under Antall's leadership, Hungary also became the first country in the Soviet bloc to recognize the independence of the Baltic states.

Antall's government implemented a series of economic reforms aimed at transitioning Hungary from a centrally planned economy to a market-oriented one. These reforms included privatization of state-owned enterprises and the introduction of a new tax system. Antall also established diplomatic relations with Israel and initiated talks with the European Union.

Antall's time in office was not without challenges. His government faced criticism from some quarters for not moving quickly enough to reform the economy and for failing to address social issues. Unemployment jumped from nonexistence to 14 percent. Inflation increased at an annual rate of 23–35 percent. Older, retired people, more than one-fifth of the population, suffered the most, and the living standards of more than one-third of the populace declined to below subsistence level. In the meantime, income disparities increased, which irritated the people. Corruption became more widespread and visible than before. Together with the previously omnipotent police force, street security also collapsed in 1990. The crime rate, especially in Budapest, increased threefold in five years.There were also tensions between the MDF and its coalition partners, which ultimately led to the collapse of Antall's government in 1993.

Antall continued to serve as the president of the MDF until his death in December 1993. His legacy as a key figure in Hungary's transition to democracy is widely recognized, and he is remembered as a respected historian and politician who played a vital role in shaping Hungary's modern history.

In recognition of his contributions to Hungary, Antall was posthumously awarded the Order of the Cross of Liberty, the highest civilian honor in Hungary. The József Antall Scholarship Program, established in 1996, is also named in his honor and provides opportunities for young Hungarian scholars to study abroad.

József Antall was born on April 8, 1932, in Budapest, Hungary. He was the son of a prominent historian, Gyula Antall, who was imprisoned for his anti-Nazi views during World War II. After the war, József Antall's family faced persecution under the Communist regime, which forced them into hiding. Despite this, Antall was able to attend the University of Budapest, where he studied history and earned his PhD in 1956, the same year as the Hungarian Revolution. Antall's experiences under Nazi and Communist rule had a profound impact on his political views, and he became a leading figure in Hungary's democratic movement in the 1980s.

After completing his PhD, József Antall worked as a historian and teacher. He also became involved in politics, joining the Independent Smallholders' Party, which had been a dominant political force in Hungary before the Communist takeover. In 1979, Antall was elected to the Hungarian Parliament, where he served until 1990. During his time in parliament, he was a vocal critic of the Communist regime and became known for his advocacy of democracy and human rights. Following the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989, Antall played a key role in the creation of the first non-Communist government in Hungary since 1947, serving as the country's first post-Communist Prime Minister from 1990 until his death in 1993.

József Antall served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1990 until his death in 1993. He led the first non-Communist government in Hungary since 1947, and his tenure was marked by significant reforms aimed at transitioning the country to a market-based economy and a democratic political system. Antall's government oversaw the privatization of state-owned enterprises, the introduction of a new constitution, and the establishment of diplomatic relations with several Western countries. He was also a strong advocate for Hungary's integration into European institutions and oversaw the country's accession to the Council of Europe and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. Despite his accomplishments, Antall's time in office was cut short by his untimely death due to cancer at the age of 61.

József Antall was diagnosed with cancer in 1992, just two years after he became the first post-Communist Prime Minister of Hungary. Despite undergoing treatment, his health continued to decline, and he became increasingly weak and frail. On December 12, 1993, Antall died at the age of 61 due to complications from cancer. His death was mourned throughout Hungary and the international community, with many recognizing his contributions to the country's transition to democracy and his efforts to strengthen Hungary's ties with Europe. He was succeeded by Péter Boross as Prime Minister of Hungary.

József Antall is widely recognized as a key figure in Hungary's transition to democracy and market economy in the post-Communist era. His government oversaw significant reforms that paved the way for Hungary's integration into European institutions. He was a strong advocate for the protection of human rights, the rule of law, and the strengthening of civil society. Antall's legacy includes the establishment of diplomatic relations with Western countries and the development of Hungary's foreign policy aimed at fostering closer ties with Europe. His premature death cut short his tenure as Prime Minister, but his vision and legacy continue to inspire generations of Hungarians.

The Queen of Spades (1960 movie)

The Queen of Spades () is a 1960 Russian drama movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov and is the fifth adaption of the 1834 short story of the same name by Alexander Puskin. It stars Olga Krasina, Oleg Strizhenov, Yelena Polevitskaya, Vadim Medvedev, Andrei Olevanov.


Ed Joyce

Edmund Christopher Joyce was born 22 September, 1978 in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. He is an English and Irish former cricketer who played 1 test, 78 one-day internationals and 18 twenty20 internationals for England and Ireland. He also played for Middlesex and Sussex in the County Championship.


Ukraine national under-19 football team

The Ukraine national under-19 football team () also known as the Junior football team of Ukraine represents Ukraine in international football in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and finals of the FIFA U-20 World Cup.

Ukraine national under-19 football team is the second youth national football team in the country after the national under-21 football team.



Madame Racketeer

Madame Racketeer is a 1932 American comedy movie directed by Harry Wagstaff Gribble and Alexander Hall. It stars Alison Skipworth, Richard Bennett, George Raft, John Breeden, Evalyn Knapp and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

A Song Is Born

A Song Is Born is a 1948 American musical movie directed by Howard Hawks and is the remake of the 1941 movie "Ball of Fire". It was based on the short story "From A to Z". It stars Danny Kaye, Virginia Mayo, Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey, Louis Armstrong, Lionel Hampton, Mel Powell, Louis Bellson, Charlie Barnet and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Centre-half

The centre-half is the central defender in Association football (soccer).

In modern association football the play is more fluid than it was in the past. However, the centre-half is still the player most charged to nullify the opposition's centre-forward or main goal scorer. Originally, his role was to tackle the opposition's centre-forward.

Now his role is often seen as the distributor of the ball after his side have got possession of the ball.
This requires intelligence, whereas the role of stopper requires more physical skills.

Fryda Wolff

Fryda Maria Wolff (born May 25, 1982) is an American voice actress. At a young age, Fryda Wolff attended Las Vegas Academy of the Arts high school during the same era as Matthew Gray Gubler, Rutina Wesley, Baron Vaughn and Ne-Yo. Fryda and Baron have been close friends since their freshman year of high school. She voice acts for many shows, movies and games. One of her most famous roles is The Collector from "The Owl House", she's also the voice of DJ Suki and Satin & Chenille in "" and "".

Mela Lee

Mela Lee McLean (born July 31, 1976) is an American voice actress based in Los Angeles who voices characters on a number of animated series, movies, television shows and video games. She is best known for voicing Jade in "Mortal Kombat 11, Superstar in "SparkleGlobe Witches", Tikki in and Socks Heeler in Bluey."


Robbie Daymond

Robert Daymond Howard (né Niles; born March 11, 1982) is an American voice actor who is mostly known for his roles in animation, audiobooks and video games.


Veddas

Vedda (Sinhala:වැද්දා, Tamil:வேடர் Vēdar) are the minority indigenous group of people in Sri Lanka among other sub-communities.


Jennifer L. Armentrout

Jennifer Lynn Armentrout (born June 11, 1980) is an American writer. She writes contemporary romance, new adult and fantasy books. 

Armentrout was born in West Virginia, United States. She has a bachelor's degree in psychology. 

Armentrout lives with her husband and her alpacas on a farm in West Virginia. 




Jaguar Land Rover

Jaguar Land Rover is a British manufacturer of luxury cars. They manufacture cars under two brands: Jaguar and Land Rover. Jaguar contains five models, including: F-Type, R models, , XJ, and many more.

Sulmona

Sulmona (; ; ) is a city and "comune" of the province of L'Aquila in Abruzzo, Italy. It is in the Valle Peligna, a plateau once occupied by a lake that disappeared in prehistoric times. In the ancient era, it was one of the most important cities of the Paeligni and is known for being the native town of the Roman poet Ovid, of whom there is a bronze statue, located on the town's main road and named after him.

List of cities in Missouri

Missouri is a state located in the Midwestern United States. In Missouri, cities are put into three groups: 3rd Class, 4th Class, and those under constitutional grants. A few older cities are put in under legislative papers (Carrollton, Chillicothe, LaGrange, Liberty, Miami, Missouri City, and Pleasant Hill) which is not allowed anymore. (Carthage is also a Charter City and Charter Cities not made by legislation and are still allowed to this day). The level at which they are put in is determined by their people when they incorporate. They do not change if they gain or lose in people, unless a vote is held by the people.

A municipality gets put in as a 4th Class city if the number of people is between 500 and 2,999 (under 500, it may be put in as a village – see list of villages in Missouri). It may be put in as a 3rd Class city if the number of people is between 3,000 and 29,999. There is more things cities are allowed to do in government for 3rd Class cities than 4th Class.

Number of people based on 2019 estimates.

A

B

C

D

E

F

G

H

I

J

K

L

M

N

O

P

Q

R

S

T

U

V

W




The Boy Who Could Fly

The Boy Who Could Fly is a 1986 American fantasy drama movie directed by Nick Castle and starring Lucy Deakins, Jay Underwood, Bonnie Bedelia, Fred Savage, Colleen Dewhurst, Fred Gwynne, Janet MacLachlan, Louise Fletcher. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


ASBIS

ASBISC is a multinational corporate group that is engaged in distribution of IT-products.

The company headquartered in Limassol (Cyprus).

ASBISC was founded in Belarus in 1990.

By 1994 ASBIS appeared on Russian and Ukrainian IT markets.

During 1998 ASBIS had opened departments in the Czech Republic, Croatia, Yugoslavia, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Bulgaria and Slovenia.

By 2004 ASBIS had opened 37 offices in 25 countries.

In 2011 ASBIS started to sell tablets and in 2012 smartphones under its own brand Prestigio.

ASBIS distributes mobile gadgets, computer software and hardware on the markets of the following countries: Ukraine, Poland, Estonia, Romania, Croatia, Serbia, Hungary, Belarus, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Slovenia, United Arab Emirates, Slovakia, Netherlands, Ireland, Cyprus, Russia, Morocco, Turkey, Latvia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Italy, Kazakhstan, Germany, and Saudi Arabia.

The Woman on the Beach

The Woman on the Beach is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Jean Renoir and was based on the 1945 novel "None So Blind". It stars Joan Bennett, Robert Ryan, Charles Bickford, Walter Sande, Irene Ryan, Glen Vernon and was distributed by RKO Pictures.


Whanganui River

The Whanganui River is a major river in the North Island of New Zealand. It is long and is the third-longest river in New Zealand. It has special status owing to its importance to the region's Māori people. In March 2017 it became the world's first river to be given its own legal identity, with the right of legal person.

The river source is on the north-western side of Mount Tongariro. The river flows to the north-west before turning south at Taumarunui. It reaches the seat at Whanganui.

Awem

Awem Games is a games developer company.

Awem Games founded in 2002 in Mogilyov, Belarus.

Awem Games are distributed games to sellers such as AppStore, Google Play, Bigfish games, GameHouse, and many others. Games are available on CD in 24 countries among them the United States, Germany, Austria, Russia, Poland, and others. Games are translated to 15 languages.

In 2011, Awem Games started developing free-to-play games for smartphones and tablets.

Craig Forman

Craig Forman (born 1961, in New York City) is a partner at NextNews Ventures in San Francisco.

Daddy Freeze

Ifedayo Olarinde (born 6 May 1976) also known as Daddy Freeze, is a broadcaster, religious advisor (Christian) and radio talk show host. 

He obtained a degree in sociology from the University of Ibadan.

Freeze began his career with the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State, then Cool FM in working in radio presenting, television and general entertainment.


Dustin Moskovitz

Dustin Aaron Moskovitz (/ˈmɒskəvɪts/; born May 22, 1984) is an American billionaire entrepreneur. He is most famous for being a co-founder of Meta Platforms (previously Facebook, Inc.). He also founded the software company Asana.

Moskovitz holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Harvard University.

Moskovitz is married to Cari Tuna. Tuna is a journalist for "The Wall Street Journal In United States."

Chris Hughes

Chris Hughes (born November 26, 1983) is an American entrepreneur, a former publisher and editor in chief of The New Republic, a spokesman for the online social directory and networking site Facebook.

He holds Bachelor of Arts in History and English literature from Harvard College.

The Group (movie)

The Group is a 1966 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Mary McCarthy. It stars Candice Bergen, Joan Hackett, Elizabeth Hartman, Shirley Knight, Joanna Pettet, Jessica Walter, James Broderick, Hal Holbrook, Richard Mulligan, Peter Boyle, Larry Hagman and was distributed by United Artists.


Agalychnis danieli

The Antioquia leaf frog ("Agalychnis danieli") is a frog that lives in Colombia's Department of Antioquia. Scientists have seen it at 1640 meters above sea level.

Attractor state

An attractor state is something that systems do. An attractor state is a way of being or moving that will stay the way it is unless something else comes in and changes it. Systems form attractor states on their own.

For example, if a pendulum is swinging in a large clock, and someone taps the pendulum a little, it might stop swinging for a moment, but once the person pulls their finger away, it will go back to swinging.

Amphibia (TV series)

Amphibia is an American animated series created by Matt Braly for Disney Channel. It premiered on June 17, 2019. The series was announced that it will have 3 parts. The series features the voices of Brenda Song, Justin Felbinger, Bill Farmer, and Amanda Leighton.

The third and final season of Amphibia premiered on October 2, 2021 with the series finale airing on May 14, 2022. The series has now been officially removed as of 2024. 

After Anne is peer pressured into stealing a mysterious music box on her 13th birthday, it magically transports her and her two best friends Sasha Waybright and Marcy Wu to the world of Amphibia, a wild marshland tropical island full of anthropomorphic amphibians and threatening creatures, where they are separated (Anne transported to a small swampy forest, Sasha to Toad Tower, and Marcy to Newtopia). Anne, after a month of living in a cave, is taken in by the Plantars, a family of frogs that consists of excitable young Sprig; unpredictable and adventurous baby pollywog Polly; and overprotective and traditional grandfather Hop Pop who live on a farm in the town of Wartwood. As she bonds with her newfound family, Anne gradually learns what it means to be a hero and develop a true friendship, all the while trying to find her friends and return home. The matter is complicated when Sasha allies with Captain Grime, leader of the warfaring toads of Toad Tower, who seek to control their home of Frog Valley.

Anne and the Plantars go on a road trip to the Amphibian capital, Newtopia, to learn the secrets of the Calamity Box and find a way to get Anne home. There, Anne reunites with Marcy, who offers to help restore the box's power through a series of ancient trials, unaware that Amphibia's ruler, King Andrias secretly has his own plans for them. Meanwhile, Sasha and Grime plot to invade Newtopia and overthrow the monarch, allowing the toads to rule over all of Amphibia.

Anne and the Plantars are transported to Anne's home in the suburbs of East Los Angeles. Anne must now help the frog family adjust to the human world and keep their identities a secret, while searching for a way to return to Amphibia and stop Andrias's invasion on the Multiverse. In Amphibia, Sasha and Grime lead the people of Wartwood in a rebellion against Andrias. However, Andrias begins sending forces to Earth to eliminate Anne, while keeping Marcy in suspended animation inside of a stasis capsule for future plans. 

During "Olivia and Yunnan however, Marcy is freed by Lady Olivia and Yunnan but they get caught by Andrias and she is used to contain a hive mind known as the Core and will be referred to as, Darcy.



Candi Milo

Candi Milo (born January 9, 1961) is an American actress. She has acted as the voice for many characters on many animated series. These include "Tiny Toon Adventures", "", "Dexter's Laboratory" (from season 3 onwards), "Cow and Chicken", "ChalkZone", "", "", "My Life as a Teenage Robot", "Loonatics Unleashed", "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends", "Maya & Miguel", "W.I.T.C.H.", "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee," "The Replacements", "Looney Tunes Cartoons", and "The Adventures of Puss in Boots".


Codename: Kids Next Door

Codename: Kids Next Door, also known as simply Kids Next Door or Codename: KND, is an American animated television series created by Tom Warburton (credited as "Mr. Warburton") for Cartoon Network. It is the 13th of the network's "Cartoon Cartoons". The series follows the adventures of a group of five 10-year-old children who operate from a high-tech treehouse. They fight against adult and teen villains with advanced 2×4 technology. Their code names are Numbuhs 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. They are Sector V, part of a global organization called the Kids Next Door.

The show revolves around a group of five 10-year old kids (later retconned to be varying ages), using codenames Numbers 1 through 5, who are the main home operatives of what is known as Sector V, which is part of a worldwide espionage-style organization called the Kids Next Door. Their mission is to fight crimes against kids (such as homework and flossing), many of which are willingly committed by "evil" adults, senior citizens, teenagers, and other children. Numbuh 1 is the bald British boy Nigel Uno, leader of Sector V. Numbuh 2 is the perky and pun-cracking American boy Hoagie Gilligan, Jr.. Numbuh 3 is the cheerful Asian girl Kuki Sanban. Numbuh 4 is the bossy Australian boy Wallabee Beatles. Numbuh 5 is the smart African-American girl Abigail Lincoln.





HRT F112

The HRT F112 is the last Formula One racing car designed by HRT F1 Team for use in the 2012 Formula One season. The car was driven by Pedro de la Rosa and Narain Karthikeyan with Dani Clos and Ma Qinghua acting as test drivers.

Starship

A Starship is usually another word for spaceship. It might also mean:


Marital misconduct

Marital misconduct is a legal term, which applies to married people. If one of them behaves in a way that is bad for the marriage, this is seen as marital misconduct. 

Common examples of marital misconduct are:


Such behaviors are often seen as a reason to get a divorce, which will will end the marriage.

Agalychnis psilopygion

The flecked leaf frog ("Agalychnis psilopygion") is a frog that lives in Colombia and Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 100 and 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in old forests. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. But because it can only live in old forests, scientists think it may suffer more from habitat loss than other frogs.

Mont Toubkal Terk

Mont Toubkal (Berber: ⵜⵓⴳⴳ ⴽⴰⵍ Tugg Kal, also Tizi n Tugg Kal; Arabic: جبل توبقال) is the highest point of the High Atlas as well as Morocco and North Africa with 4,167 m.  It is located 63 km south of Marrakech, in the province of Al Haouz, inside the national park that bears its name.
Tour guide or travel guide is a type of Organizing trips that to morocco treks treks mont toubkal

Historyedit

Aerial view taken in 1930 by the Swiss Walter Mittelholzer.

Technically, the Toubkal does not present any particular difficulties, and has been climbed regularly for a very long time.  The Berbers consider it a holy place, dedicated to Sidi Chamarouch or Chamharouch, and several cairns on the summit bear witness to this cult.  In addition, a sanctuary is dedicated to him on the path leading from Imlil.

From a European point of view, in the nineteenth century the interior of Morocco was still a terra incognita and for a long time Jebel Ayachi (3,747 m) seemed to them to be the highest peak of the High Atlas.  In fact, the first European ascent of Toubkal was on June 12, 1923 by the Marquis de Segonzac, accompanied by Vincent Berger and Hubert Dolbeau.

Tourismedit

Climbing the roof of North Africa attracts a large number of trekking enthusiasts.  This ascent attracts the crowd all the more because it does not present great technical difficulties and the assistance of the mule drivers and their mules reduces physical efforts.  The distance and the difference in level are still relatively important since between Imlil and Mount Toubkal hikers cover nearly 35 kilometers round trip with a difference in altitude of nearly 5,000 meters.  As the altitude is relatively high (3,200 meters at the refuge and 4,167 meters at the summit), the risk of acute mountain sickness (headaches, nosebleeds, vomiting) is not zero, although its effects remain very moderate.  at this height.

Summer is the most favorable season because snow and névé are absent but brief and violent thunderstorms can occur.  The normal route of South Ikhibi is the most frequented.  From the top a wide panorama is offered to the gaze rewarding the efforts made.  It dominates the vast expanses of the Atlas and the great South with 50 km to the south-east of Jebel Sirwa and 150 km to the north-east of the vast ridge of Jebel M'Goun.  We can also see the top of Oukaïmden station.  The tourist wave has changed the lives of Berber mountain people living in the neighborhood.  Many inhabitants now work in tourism: mule drivers, guides, owners, cooks, transporters.  The village of Imlil, the last village accessible by road from Asni, and located just a two-day walk north of Toubkal, is a true "Moroccan Chamonix".  Two shelters are located at an altitude of 3,200 m, 2 or 3 hours' walk from the summit.  Not far from the summit of Toubkal is another attraction, Lake Ifni, accessible via the Tizi n'Ouanoums pass (3,664 m).
Wikivoyage has a travel guide for Djebel Toubkal.

2016 Benidorm forest fire

The 2016 Javea forest fire was a forest fire which happened in early September 2016 near Benidorm. The fire burnt more than 800 hectares of land and destroyed at least twenty homes in the area. Authorities later stated it was likely to have been started deliberately.

The fire started on one of the hottest recorded days of the year, but the media reported the possibility of arson and not an accidental fire. Valencia emergency service officials stated concerns that the fire could have been started deliberately.

More than 200 firefighters were deployed to put the fire out.

Valentina Tronel

Valentina Tronel (born 6 April 2009), better known as simply Valentina, is the winner of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020. In 2016, she took part in the French version of The Voice Kids. Since 2018, she has been part of the group Kids United. She represented France in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020 with the song "J'imagine".

Cabinet of Azerbaijan

The Cabinet of Azerbaijan is the advisory body of the government of Azerbaijan. It is chaired by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan who is the head of government and head of the Cabinet.

The Cabinet, its composition and its duties are regulated by the Constitution of Azerbaijan.

The Cabinet of Ministers is composed of the Prime Minister, ministers, their deputies and heads of government departments. The Prime Minister and the ministers have to be members of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan. The deputies and heads of government departments do not have to be members of the National Assembly.

The Prime Minister and the Cabinet have limited power, and they act as an advisor to the President of Azerbaijan, who is the head of state and head of the executive branch, and has the most power. They and the country's legislature, the National Assembly of Azerbaijan, are subordinate to the President.

The President of Azerbaijan appoints the Prime Minister, the ministers, the heads of the government departments, and all other cabinet-level government administrators. Before they are appointed to their jobs, they are first nominated by the President and confirmed by the National Assembly. If the nomination of a person for the job of Prime Minister is rejected three times by the National Assembly, then the President may appoint a Prime Minister without the consent of the National Assembly.

Although, the Prime Minister normally chairs the meetings of the Cabinet, the President can also chair the meetings of the Cabinet according to the Constitution. The President also has the power to cancel the orders and resolutions of the Cabinet. The Cabinet resigns when a newly elected President takes office and a new Cabinet is formed by the new President.


Blank (cartridge)

When shooting with handguns, ammunition is needed. This ammunition is usually called cartridge. When guns are used in movies, or theatre performances, special cartridges are used. These cartridges are called blanks. Blanks will produce a muzzle flash, and a sound like a real cartridge. They will however not fire a protectile (called bullet, or shot). 

Blanks are also used in historical reenactments, special effects for theatre, movie and television productions, and combat training.

Blanks are less dangerous than real ammunition. There is still a danger in using blanks: Firing a shot will release hot gases. Any object in the cartridge will be propelled outward and may cause injury and perhaps death at close range. 

There is a difference between a blank cartridge, and fake ammunition: Fake ammunition does not contain gunpowder, and will produce neither a sound, nor flash. Fake ammunition is used for the testing if a firearm works as it should. Blanks are also different from percussion caps, used in cap guns. Percussion caps contain only enough gunpower to ignite: as a result, they sound much softer. 

The Spider Woman Strikes Back

The Spider Woman Strikes Back is a 1946 American horror movie directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Gale Sondergaard, Brenda Joyce, Kirby Grant, Milburn Stone, Rondo Hatton, Hobart Cavanaugh, Norman Leavitt. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum

The Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum is a museum of Nunavut history and Inuit culture. It is located in Nunavut's capital of Iqualuit. Two employees of Canada's Department of Indian Affairs started the museum in 1969. A Hudson's Bay Company building was moved on tracks from Apex to Iqualuit to be made into the museum.


Bird of Paradise (1932 movie)

Bird of Paradise is a 1932 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by King Vidor and was based on the play of the same name by Richard Walton Tully. It stars Dolores del Río, Joel McCrea, John Halliday, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Lon Chaney Jr., Reginald Simpson and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Krzysztof Kiersznowski

Krzysztof Kiersznowski (26 November 1950 – 24 October 2021) was a Polish actor. He was known for his roles in "Vabank" (1981), "Fever" (1981), "Kiler-ów 2-óch" (1999) and "The Mighty Angel" (2014).

Mamat Khalid

Mohamad bin Mohamad Khalid, known professionally as Mamat Khalid (6 April 1963 – 24 October 2021) was a Malaysian screenwriter, movie director and actor. He was born in Ipoh, Perak, Federation of Malaya. His career began in 1996. His best known works were "Puteri Gunung Ledang", "Zombi Kampung Pisang" and "Hantu Kak Limah".

In 2018, Khalid was diagnosed with heart disease. He died on 24 October 2021 at a hospital in Slim River, Malaysia from problems caused by the disease, aged 58.

Fredrik Andersson Hed

Fredrik Andersson Hed (20 January 1972 – 24 October 2021) was a Swedish professional golfer and broadcaster. He won the 2010 BMW Italian Open.

In 2016, Andersson Hed became a golf commentator for the national public broadcaster Sveriges Television. 

Andersson died of cancer in Halmstad, Sweden on 24 October 2021, at the age of 49.

Grant Woods

Grant Woods (May 19, 1954 – October 23, 2021) was an American attorney and politician. He was the Attorney General of Arizona from 1991 until 1999. He was born in Elk City, Oklahoma.

Woods was a moderate Republican who was John McCain's chief of staff when he was a congressman. In 2018, he became a Democrat.

Woods supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election and Joe Biden in the 2020 election.

Woods died on October 23, 2021 at a hospital in Phoenix, Arizona from a heart attack, aged 67.

Aleksandr Rogozhkin

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Rogozhkin (; 3 October 1949 – 23 October 2021) was a Russian movie director and screenwriter. His career lasted from 1980 until 2012. His movie, "Karaul", won the Alfred Bauer Prize at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. His best known movie was the 2002 movie "The Cuckoo (Kukushka)".

Abdelbaki Hermassi

Abdelbaki Hermassi (; 26 December 1937 – 23 October 2021) was a Tunisian politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia from November 10, 2004 until August 17, 2005. He was the minister of culture of Tunisia. He was an ally of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. He was born in Fériana, Tunisia.

Fabrizio Calvi

Fabrizio Calvi (27 May 1954 – 23 October 2021) was a French investigative journalist. He focused on crime. He worked with "Libération" during most of his career. Calvi was born in Alexandria.

Calvi, who had amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, warned he would commit suicide on 23 October 2021, aged 67.


Marcel Bluwal

Marcel Bluwal (25 May 1925 – 23 October 2021) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He directed 40 movies, beginning in 1965. His best known works were "Carom Shots" (1963), "The New Adventures of Vidocq" (1971) and "À droite toute" (2008).

Bluwal died on 23 October 2021 in Paris, aged 95.

Jay and the Americans

Jay and the Americans are an American rock group popular in the 1960s. Members included John "Jay" Traynor, Howard Kane (born Howard Kirschenbaum), Kenny Vance (born Kenneth Rosenberg) and Sandy Deanne (born Sandy Yaguda).

Vera Venczel

Vera Venczel (born Veronika Venczel; 10 March 1946 – 22 October 2021) was a Hungarian actress. She was best known for her roles in "Kárpáthy Zoltán" (1966), "Three Nights of Love" (1967), "Stars of Eger" (1968), "The Toth Family" (1969), "The Gambler" (1997) and "Rokonok" (2006). Venczel was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Venczel died on 22 October 2021 in Budapest from problems caused by a hip fracture at the age of 75.

Valentin Gapontsev

Valentin P. Gapontsev (23 February 1939 – 22 October 2021) was a Russian-American billionaire. He was the founder, CEO, and chairman of IPG Photonics. His net worth was around US$2.3 billion when he died. Gapontsev was born in Moscow.

Gapontsev died of cancer at a hospital in Houston, Texas on 22 October 2021, aged 82.

Joanna Cameron

Joanna Kara Cameron (September 20, 1948 – October 22, 2021) was an American actress and model. She was known for her role as Isis on "The Secrets of Isis". She also appeared on "The Bold Ones: The New Doctors", "Columbo", and several episodes of "Marcus Welby, MD".

Cameron appeared on the "Guinness Book of World Records" at one point for most appearances on television commercials for an actress.

Cameron died of problems caused by a stroke on October 22, 2021 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 70.

Agustí Jorba Argentí

Agustín Jorba Argenti (3 June 1947 – 21 October 2021) was a Spanish racewalker. He competed at the 1976 World Championships in Athletics. He won the bronze medal at the 1971 Mediterranean Games in the 20 kilometers walk event. He was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Jorba Argentí died in Vallbona d'Anoia, Spain on 21 October 2021, aged 74.

Vallbona d'Anoia

Vallbona d'Anoia is a municipality in the "comarca" of Anoia in Catalonia, 
Spain.

Dino Felisetti

Luigi Dino Felisetti (23 September 1919 – 20 October 2021) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1972 to 1987. Felisetti was born in Modena, Italy.

Felisetti died on 20 October 2021 in Reggio Emilia, Italy at the age of 102.

Tamara Gudima

Tamara Gudima (; 5 June 1936 – 19 October 2021) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. She was in the State Duma from 1993 to 2000. Gudima was born in Arkhangelsk, Russian SFSR.

Gudima died on 19 October 2021 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 85.

Val Bisoglio

Italo Valentino Bisoglio (May 7, 1926 – October 18, 2021) was an American actor. He was born in New York City. His career lasted from 1956 until 2002. He was known for playing Danny Tovo in medical drama television series "Quincy, M.E." from 1976 to 1983. He also played Murf Lupo in "The Sopranos". He also played Frank Manero Sr. in "Saturday Night Fever".

Bisoglio died on October 18, 2021 at his home in Los Olivos, California from problems caused by Lewy-body dementia at the age of 95.

Los Olivos, California

Los Olivos (; Spanish for "The Olive Trees") is an unincorporated community in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Conrado Miranda

José Conrado Miranda Sasso (14 October 1928 – 13 October 2021) was a Salvadoran footballer and manager. He made 20 appearances for the El Salvador national football team between 1948 until 1955. He would also coach for them four times in 1961, 1971, 1975 and 1989.

Miranda died on 13 October 2021 at a hospital in San Salvador from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by COVID-19, aged 92.

Jan Shutan

Jan Shutan Levinson (born Janice Dottenheim; November 5, 1932 – October 7, 2021) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in "", "Sons and Daughters" and "The Andy Griffith Show".

Levinson died on October 7, 2021, in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 88.

Pontiac Transport

The Pontiac Trans Sport is a made by General Motors in 1989. Its 1st generation rebadged minivans were the and The . Its second generation is based on the Chevrolet Venture, Vauxhall Sintra or 
Jürgen Goslar

Jürgen Goslar (26 March 1927 – 5 October 2021) was a German actor and movie director. He was born in Oldenburg, Germany. He was known for directing "Terror After Midnight" and "Albino". He also appeared in the television series "Derrick".

Goslar died on 5 October 2021 in Berlin at the age of 94.

Frank Field, Baron Field of Birkenhead

Frank Ernest Field, Baron Field of Birkenhead (born 16 July 1942) is a British politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Birkenhead from 1979 to 2019. He was a Labour MP until August 2018 and later became an Independent.

From 1997 to 1998, Field was the Minister of Welfare Reform in Tony Blair's first cabinet

Field was elected Chair of the Work and Pensions Select Committee in June 2015, and after the 2017 general election was re-elected.

In August 2018, Field resigned the Labour whip because of allegations of anti-semitism in the party and protesting Jeremy Corbyn's party leadership.

On 22 October 2021, Field announced that he was in hospice care for a terminal illness.

Edmonton, London

Edmonton is a town in north London, England. It is in the London Borough of Enfield. It is centred north-northeast of Charing Cross.

Muhammad Hudori

Muhammad Hudori (5 April 1968 – 24 October 2021) was an Indonesian bureaucrat and politician. He was Secretary-General of the Ministry of Home Affairs from 2020 to 2021 during the Joko Widodo presidency. He was born in Pandeglang Regency, Indonesia.

Hudori died on 24 October 2021 at a hospital in Jakarta from a short-illness, aged 53.

Beit She'an

Beit She'an ( '), also known as Beisan ( ), and historically known as Scythopolis"' ("Σκυθόπολις" in Ancient Greek) is a city in the Northern District of Israel. It is known for its location near the Jordan River Valley and the Jezreel Valley. 

Charlie George

Charlie George (born 10 October 1950) was an English footballer, most famous for scoring the winning goal in the 1971 FA Cup Final.

George was born in Islington and joined Arsenal after leaving school. He was a member of the 1971 side that won the League and Cup double. He later played for Derby County, Southampton and Nottingham Forest.

George played one game for the England international team.

New Siberian Islands

The New Siberian Islands (Novosibirskiye Ostrova) are an archipelago on the northern Arctic. They are to the extreme North of Russia. They are North of the East Siberian coast between the Laptev Sea and the East Siberian Sea, north of the Sakha (Yakutia) Republic.

Toonsylvania

Toonsylvania is an animated television series, which ran for two seasons in 1998 on the Fox Kids Network block (usually placed in a block called "The No Yell Motel" that contained other scary kids' shows such as "Goosebumps" and "Eerie, Indiana") in its first season, then was moved to Monday afternoons from February 6, 1998 until January 18, 1999, when it was cancelled. It was executive produced in part by Steven Spielberg, as DreamWorks' first animated series.

The show had recurring cartoon series that appeared in each episode. (Unlike "Animaniacs", "Toonsylvania" did not have a wide range of characters and almost every episode had the same content.) The main segments were "Frankenstein", "Night of the Living Fred" (most episodes on season one), "Attack of the Killer B Movies" (some episodes from season 1), "Igor's Science Minute", and "Melissa Screetch's Morbid Morals".

The segments indicate which characters starred in them:

Season 1


Agalychnis lemur

The lemur leaf frog or lemur frog ("Agalychnis lemur") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Costa Rica, and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 440 and 1600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 30 to 41 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 39 to 53 mm long.

This frog changes color. During the day it is pale green. At night, it is red-brown, lavender-brown, or orange. Its belly is white. The irises of its eyes are silver-white.

During the day, this frog sleeps on the undersides of leaves. It looks for food at night.

The female frog lays eggs on top of leaves hanging over the water. There are 10-15 eggs in each clutch. The frog may lay three clutches in a night. The eggs are 3 to 3.5 mm in diameter, not including the capsule around each egg. The eggs take one to two weeks to hatch. Then the tadpoles fall off the leaf into the water below.

The tadpoles can grow over 4 cm long. Their bodies are gray and their bellies are yellow-pink.

The tadpoles look for food in the water and on the bottom. They take 69 to 98 days to become frogs.

This frog has already gone extinct in some of the places it used to live. This may be because humans have changed the forests where it used to live by cutting down trees for lumber and because of disease. For example, the fungal disease chytridiomycosis.

Morus

Morus may refer to:

National Order of Merit (Gabon)

The National Order of Merit () is a national order of Gabon.

The Order was established in 1971 and contains five grades. It rewards civil and military services to both Gabonese and foreign nationals.

Some of the recipients are:

Code of Justinian

The Code of Justinian is part of the Corpus Juris Civilis, a collection of laws from the 6th century. It was first issued by Justinian I, of Constantinople. The idea was to get a collection of all parts of Roman law that were still in use.

Rust shooting incident

On October 21, 2021, a weapon used as a prop on a movie set in the United States, shot a projectile that killed one person. Normally, scenes on film or TV where a gun is shot use blanks. Blanks make a bang and give off smoke, but fire no projectile (bullet).

The incident at the Rust movie set, in the ghost town Bonanza City, New Mexico, was not caught on camera.

In July 2024, a trial will start against Alec Baldwin. Earlier (January 19, 2024) Baldwin was indicted with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Halyna Hutchins. Earlier (and in 2023), criminal charges were made against Alec Baldwin, but the charges were were dropped later that year; The charges of involuntary manslaughter were filed (or received by the court).

The trial of the armorer (Hannah Gutierrez Reed) had a verdict in March 2024. Criminal charges were made against her, in 2023; The charges of involuntary manslaughter were filed (or received by the court).

The death (in 2021) started a debate about working conditions in the film industry, and the use of real guns as props.

There have been reports about workers not being satisfied with working conditions, "and [reports about low safety or] lax safety standards on the" movie set, media said.

The movie has a low budget, of $6–7 million.

During the incident, a gun with a caliber .45 barrel - was used as a prop; The gun discharged, and the camera woman Halyna Hutchins was then seen to be bleeding; She later died. The director of the movie, Joel Souza was injured.

When that gun had been handed to Alec Baldwin, the assistant director said that the weapon was safe to use; [Minutes or seconds] after that, the gun discharged while Baldwin was holding the gun.
"In the commotion after the shooting [... the assistant director] found the weapon [...] on a church pew. He [... took the weapon] to [... the armorer] and told her to open it so he could see what was inside. There were at least four dummy bullet casings [... or cartridges and] one empty casing"; That is media's understanding after talking to the assistant director.

The gun from the incident is a "a long-barreled [...] revolver"; It is an Italian [copy or] reproduction.

"After lunch, the film’s prop master" took the gun out of the safe and gave it to the armorer; That is what the armorer said to the police. Later, the armorer showed the prop weapon to the assistant director "before continuing rehearsal". Investigators say that the movie's assistant director had the prop weapon in his hands, before giving it to Alec Baldwin.

The district attorney of Santa Fe, says that they know who loaded (or put cartridges in) the gun.

In January 2023, criminal charges were made against Alec Baldwin and the armorer (Hannah Gutierrez Reed); The charges of involuntary manslaughter were filed (or received by the court).

The film's assistant director David Halls was charged with a misdemeanor: the negligent use of a deadly weapon; He told the court system that he is guilty; His punishment is six months of probation. The plea deal was approved in March 2023.

The incident [has been] under investigation by the Santa Fe County Sheriff's Office, and the First Judicial District Attorney (of New Mexico), and New Mexico Occupational Health and Safety Bureau.

The movie director is Joel Souza (as of 2021); The producers of the movie are Alec Baldwin, Matt DelPiano, Ryan Donnell Smith, Anjul Nigam, Ryan Winterstern and Nathan Klingher.

The production companies (for the movie), are El Dorado Pictures, Cavalry Media, Thomasville Pictures, Brittany House Pictures, Short Porch Pictures.

An electrician that was on the movie set "has sued producers [...] and several crew members, [... saying that] negligence led to the [...] shooting", media said on November 10.

The parents and sister of the victim who died, are suing (as of 2023) "the movie’s production company and others over her death."

The insurance policy for the movie, has a limit of USD 6 million.

The production of this Western movie was suspended. However, filming is supposed to continue in April 2023 (according to media that same month). That filming is supposed to be done in Montana.


2021 Sudan coup d'état

On 24 October 2021, the Sudanese military caused a coup against the government in Khartoum. At least five senior government figures were arrested, including Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok. The coup also caused internet outages in the country.

An unsuccessful coup happened in September 2021.

Later that day, Head of State Abdel Fattah al-Burhan declared a state of emergency and announced the dissolution of the government and the Sovereignty Council. In a televised address, he stated that a new government would lead the country until the next elections, which will be held in July 2023.

A month later on 21 November, a deal was made in which all political prisoners including Hamdok were released with Hamdok becoming prime minister again.


Osborne Brothers

The Osborne Brothers, Sonny Osborne (October 29, 1937 – October 24, 2021) and Bobby Osborne (born December 7, 1931), were a popular bluegrass act during the 1960s and 1970s. They are probably best known for their No. 33 1967 country hit song, "Rocky Top".

Fofi Gennimata

Fotini "Fofi" Gennimata ( ; 17 November 1964 – 25 October 2021) was a Greek politician. She was president of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) from 2015 to 2021. She also was a member of the Hellenic Parliament between 2000 to 2002, a short time in 2012 and again from 2015 until her death. Gennimata was born in Athens, Greece.

Gennimata was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008. She died from the disease at a hospital in Athens on 25 October 2021, aged 56.

Yesterday (Beatles song)

"Yesterday" is a song by the English band the Beatles, written by Paul McCartney. It was first released on the album "Help!" in August 1965. The song reached number one on the US charts.

McCartney's vocal and acoustic guitar, with a string quartet, made it the first solo performance of the band. It is still popular today, with more than 2,200 cover versions.

"Yesterday" was voted the best song of the 20th century in a 1999 BBC Radio 2 poll of music experts and listeners and was also voted the No. 1 pop song of all time by MTV and "Rolling Stone" magazine the next year. 

In 1997, the song was added into the Grammy Hall of Fame. It was performed over seven million times in the 20th century.

Pro-aging trance

Pro-aging trance is a social phenomenon in which people gloss over aging and death for reasons that are often irrational. For example, they say that death is a necessary thing that gives life a meaning.

The term was invented by Aubrey de Grey, a British author and gerontologist. He sees the pro-aging trance as a big barrier to combating aging. This is because the development of anti-aging medicine is delayed if there is no public support and acceptance of them.

Chamber of Deputies (Tunisia)

The Chamber of Deputies ( "Majlis an-Nuwwāb", ) was the lower chamber of the Parliament of Tunisia, the bicameral legislative branch of the government of Tunisia. It has 214 seats and members are elected by popular vote to serve five-year terms. The last election to the Chamber of Deputies was held in October 2009.

After the Tunisian Revolution of 2011, the Chamber of Deputies was replaced by the Assembly of the Representatives of the People as Tunisia's legislature.

Legislative Assembly of El Salvador

The Legislative Assembly (Spanish: "") is the legislative branch of the government of El Salvador.

It is made up of 84 deputies, all of whom are elected by direct popular vote.

To be eligible for election to the Assembly, candidates must be:

Isolationism

Isolationism is a category of foreign policies by political leader who believe their nations' best interests are done by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance. A reason for this can be to avoid conflict. Some criticize this idea as it can stop helping other nations from trouble.

Will Patton

William Rankin Patton (born June 14, 1954) is an American actor and audiobook narrator. He played Colonel Dan Weaver in the TNT science fiction series "Falling Skies". He also played Deputy Frank Hawkins in "Halloween" (2018) and "Halloween Kills" (2021).

Eeileen Romero

Eeileen Auxiliadora Romero Valle (3 February 1974 – 25 October 2021) was a Salvadoran politician and disability rights activist. She was a member of the National Coalition Party. She was in the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador from 2018 to 2021. Romero was born in San Salvador, El Salvador.

Romero died on 25 October 2021 at a hospital in San Salvador from cardiac arrest while having surgery, aged 47.

Abdelmajid Chaker

Abdelmajid Chaker (; 23 March 1927 – 25 October 2021) was a Tunisian politician and nationalist militant. He was born in Sfax, French Tunisia. From 1959 until 1974, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. He was also Minister of Agriculture from 1962 until 1964 and Minister of Information from 1964 until 1966 during the Habib Bourguiba cabinet.

Chaker died on 25 October 2021 in Tunis, Tunisia at the age of 94. 

Cap Dierks

Merton L. "Cap" Dierks (July 2, 1932 – October 22, 2021) was an American politician. He was in the Nebraska Legislature from 1987 to 2003 and again from 2007 to 2011. Dierks was an Independent. Dierks was born in O'Neill, Nebraska.

Dierks died on October 22, 2021 in O'Neill at the age of 89.

O'Neill, Nebraska

O'Neill is a city in Holt County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 3,581 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Holt County.

Ewing, Nebraska

Ewing is a village in Holt County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 373 at the 2020 census.

City, University of London

City, University of London is a public research university in London, United Kingdom, and a member institution of the federal University of London. It was founded in 1894. City joined the federal University of London on 1 September 2016. It then became part of the eighteen colleges and ten research institutes that then made up that university.

University of Hull

The University of Hull is a university in Kingston upon Hull, a city in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It was founded in 1927, and got university status in 1954.

Sudi Silalahi

Sudi Silalahi (July 13, 1949 – October 25, 2021) was an Indonesian politician and lieutenant general. He was the Secretary of State from October 22, 2009 to October 20, 2014. He was born in Pematangsiantar, Indonesia.

Silalahi died on October 25, 2021 from an illness in Jakarta, Indonesia, aged 72.

Hans Haselböck

Hans Haselböck (26 July 1928 – 20 October 2021) was an Austrian organist, composer, author and academic teacher. He was organist at the Dominican Church, Vienna, for 65 years. He was professor of organ and improvisation at the Vienna Music Academy.

Adele Roberts

Adele Marie Roberts (born 9 March 1979) is a British broadcaster, reality TV personality and DJ. She was born in Southport, Merseyside, England. Roberts worked for BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 2. Her best known television appearances were in "Big Brother", "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" and "Celebrity Coach Trip".

Roberts is openly bisexual and is an LGBT rights activist. 

On 24 October 2021, Roberts announced that she was diagnosed with bowel cancer earlier in the month.


Corinne Conley

Corinne Conley (born May 23, 1929) is an American-Canadian actress. She was born in New York City. Her career began in 1953. She played Phyllis Anderson on the NBC-TV daytime drama "Days of Our Lives". She played the female lead in CBC-TV's adaptation of the soap opera "Search for Tomorrow".

The Berenstain Bears (2003 TV series)

The Berenstain Bears is a preschool children's animated television comedy series. It was made By Nelvana and AGOGO Entertainment with Treehouse and PBS Kids. The series is based on the children's book series of the same name by Stan and Jan Berenstain. The series is about the lives of a family of anthropomorphic bears. 

The series first broadcast on PBS Kids in the United States on January 6, 2003. It ended on December 6, 2017. It saw shown on Sprout starting in 2005.


PBS Kids and Sprout (United States) CBeebies (United Kingdom) France 2 (France) Treehouse TV and YTV (Canada) EBS (Korea) Kids 1 (South Korea)


Solebury Township, Pennsylvania

Solebury Township is a township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 8,709 at the 2020 census.

Williamsport, Pennsylvania

Williamsport is a city in, and the county seat of, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, United States. In 2020, 27,754 people lived here.

Babies for Sale

Babies for Sale is a 1940 American crime drama movie directed by Charles Barton and starring Rochelle Hudson, Glenn Ford, Miles Mander, Isabel Jewell, Georgia Caine, Selmer Jackson, Edwin Stanley, Douglas Wood. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Ashland, New Hampshire

Ashland is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire. 1,938 people lived here at the 2020 census.


‏‎
Have Gun – Will Travel

Have Gun – Will Travel was a western television series that aired on CBS. It aired from 14 September, 1957 to 20 April, 1963 for six seasons and 225 episodes. It stars Richard Boone, Kam Tong, Joanne Linville.

Comparison of American and British English

American English and British English are the two main dialects (types) of the English language. American English is spoken in the United States, while British English is spoken in the United Kingdom. Both types of English are different to each other in some ways, for example in spelling, punctuation, grammar and vocabulary.

There are many words that sound the same in both American and British English but have different spellings, due mainly to the spelling reforms of Noah Webster. British English often keeps more traditional ways of spelling words than American English. For example:


Because some chemical elements have different spellings in American and British English, IUPAC has to use only one spelling of a word in their papers. For example:

Punctuation is the name for the marks used in writing text. Punctuations, for example brackets/parentheses, full stops/periods, quotation marks/inverted commas, have different rules in American and British English.

In British English, "( )" marks are sometimes called "brackets", "[ ]" are called "square brackets" and "{ }" are called "curly brackets". In formal British English and in American English, "( )" marks are "parentheses" (singular: parenthesis), "[ ]" are called "brackets" or "square brackets", and "{ }" can be called "curly brackets" or "braces". These marks are used in the same way in both dialects.

The rules on quoting a text is different in American and British English. In American English, " and ' are called "quotation marks". In British English, " and ' are called "inverted commas" or "speech marks". In American English, it is common to use the double quotation mark ( " ) in direct speech. In British English, it is common to use the single inverted comma ( ' ).



Mission: Impossible – Fallout

Mission: Impossible – Fallout is a 2018 American spy action thriller movie directed by Christopher McQuarrie‏‎ and is the sixth movie in the "" series. It stars Tom Cruise, Henry Cavill, Ving Rhames, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson, Angela Bassett, Sean Harris, Michelle Monaghan, and Alec Baldwin. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

"Mission: Impossible – Fallout" premiered in Paris on July 12, 2018. It was released in the United States on July 27. Its sequel, "", was released in 2023.


On Rotten Tomatoes, 97% of 442 reviews are positive. The average rating is 8.4/10. The critic consensus reads, "Fast, sleek, and fun, "Mission: Impossible - Fallout" lives up to the "impossible" part of its name by setting yet another high mark for insane set pieces in a franchise full of them." On Metacritic, the movie received a score of 86 out of 100 based on 60 critic reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".


‏‎
Kansas City Confidential

Kansas City Confidential is a 1952 American crime drama movie directed by Phil Karlson and starring John Payne, Coleen Gray, Preston Foster, Neville Brand, Lee Van Cleef, Jack Elam, Dona Drake, Carleton Young. It was distributed by United Artists.


Agalychnis medinae

The Rancho Grande leaf frog or lemur frog ("Agalychnis medinae") is a frog that lives in Venezuela.

Merkur (toy)

Mechano is the name for a product that looks remarkably similar to the Merkur and it is an educational children's toy that teaches mechanics and engineering skills.

It features an easy to assemble design to build mechanical projects and then connect a running engine.

Édouard Valéry

François Valéry, father of Édouard Valéry, born in Pageas, a veteran of the First World War, operates a smallholding in La Coquille. Édouard Valéry, is the youngest of the family after his brother Henri. Édouard Valéry's parents moved to Châlus to open a food store run by his mother from 1929 to 1931. His father and mother abandoned the business and returned to the land taking over a smallholding in Saint-Priest-les -Fougères, from 1931 to 1933, shortly after he moved to Saint-Pierre-de-Frugie, then Firbeix they were no longer sharecroppers but farmers. The Valéry family went to live in Corrèze and did not leave Brive, from 1941. At the start of the German occupation, Édouard Valéry participated in clandestine activities but also in those of the resistance movement set up by Edmond Michelet. He and his brother are arrested while distributing the underground newspaper Combat. In September 1942, Jacques Chapou, departmental head of the Liberation-Sud movement for the Lot replaces Édouard Valéry, who will become commissioner of operations in Dordogne. He married in Périgueux, in 1945 with Solange Sanfourche, born in 1922 in Carsac-Aillac and died in 2013 in Sarlat, who was resistant (nom de guerre: Marie-Claude) as typist secretary and liaison officer. She took the mail to Olivier, a resistance fighter says André Dufour. The Sanfourche family had lodged and hid dozens of illegal fighters during the occupation. 

Sarkodie

Michael Owusu Addo (born July 10, 1988) known professionally as Sarkodie (), is a Ghanaian rapper, songwriter and entrepreneur from Tema. His contributions to the Ghanaian music industry have earned him numerous accolades, including the Vodafone Ghana Music Award for "Artiste of the Decade". He was announced the first winner of BET's Best International Flow artist at the 2019 BET Hip Hop Awards. He is also considered one of the major proponents of the Azonto genre and dance and one of the most successful African rappers of all time.

Sarkodie, the fourth of five children was born on July 10, 1988. He was raised in Koforidua before his parents moved to Tema where he started schooling. He attended Tema Methodist Day Senior High School and proceeded to IPMC, where he earned a degree in graphic design. Sarkodie began his music career as an underground rapper, participating in Adom FM's popular rap competition Kasahare Level. He met his former manager Duncan Williams of Duncwills Entertainment while participating in the aforementioned competition. He also met musicians Edem and Castro, who introduced him to Hammer of The Last Two, an established record producer. Impressed by his rap flows, Hammer allowed Sarkodie to record two tracks for Edems maiden album "Volta Regime".
Sarkodie married Tracy in a private wedding ceremony held in Tema, Ghana on 17 July 2018. They have two kids; a daughter, Adalyn Owusu Addo and a son; Micheal Nana Yaw Owusu Addo Jnr. who is named after the famous rapper.

Idyllwild–Pine Cove, California

Idyllwild, Pine Cove, and Fern Valley are three unincorporated communities that are close to each other in the San Jacinto Mountains in Riverside County, California, United States. It is seen as a census-designated place (CDP). The CDP's population was 4,163 at the 2020 census.

Nawaf Massalha

Nawaf Massalha (, , 26 November 1943 – 26 October 2021, also spelt Nawaf Mazalha or Nawaf Masalha) was an Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset. He became the first Muslim Arab to hold a ministerial position when he became Deputy Minister of Health by Yitzhak Rabin in 1992.

Guan Dee Koh Hoi

Datuk Guan Dee bin Koh Hoi (4 October 1954 – 26 October 2021) was a Malaysian politician who was the Deputy Minister of Tourism, Arts and Culture from April 2021 to August 2021 and Senator since December 2020.

Guan died on 26 October 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 at a hospital in Kuala Lumpur at the age of 67.

Umberto Colombo (footballer)

Umberto Colombo (; 21 May 1933 – 26 October 2021) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. He made three appearances for the Italian national team between 1959 and 1960. He also played for Juventus F.C. between 1952 and 1961. He retired in 1967.

Colombo died on 26 October 2021, aged 88.

Juventus

Atalanta

Aleksandar Shalamanov

Aleksandar Stefanov Shalamanov () (4 September 1941– 25 October 2021) was a football player and professional alpine skier. He took part in the 1960 Winter Olympics. He played for the Bulgaria national football team, making 42 appearances between 1964 until 1971.

Fernando Herrera Mamani

Fernando Mario Herrera Mamani (31 July 1966 – 25 October 2021) was a Peruvian politician and academic. He was born in Lima, Peru. In July 2021, he became a member of the Peruvian Congress. He was elected as a member of the Free Peru Party.

Herrera Mamani died of cardiac arrest on 25 October 2021 in Lima at the age of 55.

Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah

"Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah" is the lexigraphic representation of a common children's chant.

There are many other vocalizations for the tune. "Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah" is seen particularly in the eastern United States and modern Britain. Other manifestations include:


The initial taunt is sometimes followed by further verses using the same tune, for instance in America "Nanny nanny nanny goat, cannot catch a billy goat" or following "Nanny nanny boo boo" with "Stick your head in doo-doo". In Croatia, children sing "Ulovi me, ulovi me, kupit ću ti novine. Novine su skupe, poljubi me u dupe" (which means: "Catch me, catch me, [if you do that] I'll buy you a newspaper. Newspapers are pricey, kiss my tushie". Context-meaningful words may be applied ad hoc, such as "Johnny is a sis-sy" or "I can see your underwear!"

Non-taunting uses are also seen, also associated with children. One tune for Ring a Ring o' Roses (which is sung to many variant tunes) uses the "Nyah nyah..." musical figure; a common tune for Bye, baby Bunting uses a similar figure.

Sanpei Shirato

, known by the pen name , was a Japanese manga artist and essayist. He was known for his social criticism.

He died on October 8, 2021 at the age of 89 from pneumonia.

Thomas Mitchell (actor)

Thomas John Mitchell (July 11, 1892 – December 17, 1962) was an American actor and writer. He played Gerald O'Hara in "Gone with the Wind", Doc Boone in "Stagecoach", Uncle Billy in "It's a Wonderful Life", Pat Garrett in "The Outlaw", and Mayor Jonas Henderson in "High Noon". 

Mitchell was the first male actor to win the Triple Crown of Acting by winning an Oscar, an Emmy, and a Tony Award.

Melvyn Douglas

Melvyn Douglas (born Melvyn Edouard Hesselberg; April 5, 1901 – August 4, 1981) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "Ninotchka" (1939) with Greta Garbo. He also appeared in "Hud" (1963) and "Being There" (1979). He was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in "I Never Sang for My Father" (1970). 

Douglas was one of 24 actors to win the Triple Crown of Acting. 

In 1931, Douglas married actress-turned-politician Helen Gahagan.


Rob Gronkowski

Rob Gronkowski is a tight end for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He is a four-time Super Bowl champion. He has also played for the New England Patriots. His nickname is "Gronk". He is on the cover of the video game, Madden NFL 17. He was born on May 14, 1989. He is a five-time Pro Bowl participant. He has played at Wembley Stadium in the United Kingdom.

He is known for spiking the football after getting a touchdown.

Gronkowski appeared in the movie "Deported", as party guy Jake)

Gronkowski opened WrestleMania 36. He won a Slammy Award. He got celebrity of the year.

Gronkowski appeared in "The Masked Singer" as the white tiger.

Gronkowski appeared in the music video for "Swish Swish", with Katy Perry and Nicki Minaj.

"Gronkowski" is a race horse named after Gronkowski.

Since 2015 he has lived with model Camille Kostek.

My Life with Caroline

My Life with Caroline is a 1941 American comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and is the English language version of the 1937 play "The Train for Venice" by Georges Berr. It stars Ronald Colman, Anna Lee, Charles Winninger, Reginald Gardiner, Gilbert Roland, Hugh O'Connell, Murray Alper and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Bargello

The Bargello, Also known as palazzo del Bargello is a former prison and a group of buildings where soldiers lived, it located in Florence on Italy, right now it serves as a Museum

HoYeon Jung

HoYeon Jung is an actress from South Korea. She starred in the 2021 Netflix series "Squid Game."

She is a model and worked with Burberry, Jacquemus, Roberto Cavalli, Gucci and others. She walked in Seoul Fashion Week and New York Fashion Week shows.

HoYeon Jung became the Louis Vuitton ambassador in 2021.

In 2021 she received the Female Actress Popularity Award.

Procedural language

A procedural language is a programming language that follows instructions in a sequential manner. Consider the example below:
Go to the market
Buy vegetables
Pay water and electricity bills
Go home
In a procedural language the above instructions will have to be done from the top to the bottom. If one instruction is not carried out the other instructions below it will not be executed.


The above languages listed above are considered procedural because of the manner in which they execute when they are run. Consider one example in C programming:

int main()

/* Output */
// 5 + 10 = 15
As we can see the execution goes from top to bottom. In the event that one instruction is wrong the execution is halted and an error occurs in procedural languages if the error isn't handled.



Considering the above pros and cons is important as you develop projects.

Nocatee Parkway

The Nocatee Parkway is a highway in Jacksonville, Florida, in the community of Nocatee, and in the counties of Duval and St. Johns. The road provides easy access to Jacksonville, Interstate 95 (I-95) and State Route 9B (Future I-795) for the people in Nocatee and elsewhere. The parkway is also a hurricane evacuation route.

Cocomelon

Cocomelon is an American children's educational animation program. It is aimed at parents and teachers of toddlers who speak English or are learning English as a second language, and parents of children with a
learning disability, autism or delayed speech.
The Cocomelon YouTube channel and website provide interactive media to help teach children. Their YouTube channel has over 2 billion views, and over 2 million subscribers.

In 2006, Jay Jeon created Cocomelon as a company that produces children's educational videos on DVDs.
In March 2007, he launched a YouTube channel called "ABCKidTV" that gives the subscribers, all of Cocomelon’ existing videos ad-free and in high definition.

In 2015, Cocomelon joined the Channel Frederator Network, and is the number one channel (by views) of the Multi-Channel Network.

In April 2016, Cocomelon and ABCKidTV have both been added to Roku, and Kidoodle.TV in September 2016.

They have also created an app for iOS called "Cocomelon Jukebox".

Agalychnis dacnicolor

The Mexican giant tree frog or Mexican leaf frog ("Agalychnis dacnicolor") is a frog that lives in Mexico.

Florida State Road 9B

State Road 9B (SR 9B) is a state highway and freeway in Jacksonville, Florida. The highway goes from Interstate 295 (I-295) to County Road 2209 (CR 2209). The highway is long. The highway might be renamed to Interstate 795 (I-795) in the future when the new name is accepted by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA).

Squid Game

Squid Game is a 2021 South Korean survival drama television series created for Netflix. It was created by Hwang Dong-hyuk. It is about a contest where 456 players play a series of deadly children's games to win ₩ 45.6 billion.

Seong Gi-hun, a divorced father and indebted gambler who lives with his elderly mother, is invited to play a series of children's games for a chance at a large cash prize. Accepting the offer, he is taken to an unknown location where he finds himself among 455 other players who are all in deep financial trouble. The players are made to wear green tracksuits and are kept under watch at all times by masked guards in pink jumpsuits. The games are overseen by the Front Man, who wears a black mask and black uniform. The players soon discover that losing a game results in death, with each death contributing ₩100 million to the potential ₩45.6 billion grand prize. Gi-hun allies with other players, including his childhood friend Cho Sang-woo and North Korean defector Kang Sae-byeok, to try to survive the games' physical and psychological twists.

Bernd Nickel

Bernd Nickel (15 March 1949 – 27 October 2021) was a German professional footballer who played as a attacking midfielder or striker. He played for West Germany once in 1974.

Lil Terselius

Lil Poldi Terselius (5 November 1944 – 26 October 2021) was a Swedish actress. She was known for her role in "Games of Love and Loneliness". She won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 2000. Terselius was born in Stockholm, Sweden.

Terselius died on 26 October 2021 in Stockholm from an intracranial hemorrhage at the age of 76.

Gilberto Braga

Gilberto Tumscitz Braga (November 1, 1945 – October 26, 2021) was a Brazilian screenwriter. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. His career lasted from 1972 until 2015. He was known for writing the screenplays for "Escrava Isaura", "Dancin' Days" and "Água Viva".

Braga died on October 26, 2021 in Rio de Janeiro from sepsis caused by Alzheimer's disease and an esophagus perforation, aged 75.

Londonderry, New Hampshire

Londonderry is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. 25,826 people lived there at the 2020 census.


Arved Birnbaum

Arved Birnbaum (1962 – 24 October 2021) was a German actor. He was known for playing Max Riemelt's earth senior in Dennis Gansel's vampire thriller/drama "We Are The Night". He played over 60 roles in movies and television, beginning in 1999. He was born in Forst, Germany.

Birnbaum died on 24 October 2021 in Cologne, Germany at the age of 59.

Forst (Lausitz)

Forst (Lausitz) () is a town in Brandenburg, Germany. It is nearby the German-Polish border.

Carolyn Pollan

Carolyn Pollan (July 12, 1937 – October 23, 2021) was an American politician. She was born in Houston, Texas. Pollan was a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1975 until 1999. Pollan was a member of the Republican Party.

Pollan died on October 23, 2021 in Little Rock, Arkansas at the age of 84.

Larry Koon (politician)

Larry LaBruce Koon (February 18, 1944 – October 15, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives as a member of the Republican Party from 1975 to 2004. In 2004, he lost in a Republican primary runoff against Nikki Haley. He was born in Leesville, South Carolina.

Koon died on October 15, 2021 in Lexington, South Carolina at the age of 77.

Batesburg-Leesville, South Carolina

Batesburg-Leesville is a town in Lexington and Saluda counties, South Carolina, United States. The town's population was 5,270 as of the 2020 census.

Saluda, South Carolina

Saluda is a town in Saluda County, South Carolina, United States, along the Little Saluda River. The population was 3,122 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Saluda County.

Lexington, South Carolina

Lexington is the largest town in and the county seat of Lexington County, South Carolina, United States. It is a suburb of the state capital, Columbia. The population was 23,568 at the 2020 Census.

Palácio do Planalto

The Palácio do Planalto () in Brasília is the official residence and workplace of the President of Brazil. The building was designed by architect Oscar Niemeyer in 1958 and opened on April 21, 1960. It has been the residence and workplace of every Brazilian president since Juscelino Kubitschek.

On 8 January 2023, supporters of former President Jair Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília, taking over the offices of the Supreme Federal Court, National Congress of Brazil and the Palácio do Planalto. The event was seen as an attempted coup d'état to overturn the election results of the 2022 general election.

Shroud of Turin

The Shroud of Turin is a piece of cloth that bears the negative image of a man. It was first mentioned in 1354. Shortly afterwards, a Catholic bishop called it a fake. Since the 17th century, it has been kept in Turin, Italy. The shroud has the negative image of a man. Some claim the image depicts Jesus of Nazareth and the fabric is the burial shroud in which he was wrapped after his Crucifixion.


Anastasios Metaxas

Anastasios Metaxas (, 27 February 1862 – 28 January 1937) was a Greek architect and shooter. He won a bronze medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. He was known for designing the Cathedral of Saint Andrew, Patras.

Takayo Fischer

Takayo Fischer (née Tsubouchi; born November 25, 1932) is an American actress and singer. She was born in Hardwick, California. Her career began in 1979. She was raised in Chicago, Illinois.

She appeared in "Moneyball", "", "The Pursuit of Happyness", "Memoirs of a Geisha" and "War of the Worlds".


Hardwick, California

Hardwick is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kings County, California, United States.

Scoot McNairy

John Marcus "Scoot" McNairy (born November 11, 1977) is an American actor and producer. He known for his roles in "Monsters", "Argo", "Killing Them Softly", "12 Years a Slave", "Gone Girl", and "". 

Lashana Lynch

Lashana Rasheda Lynch (born 27 November 1987) is a British actress. She played Rosaline Capulet in the ABC period drama series "Still Star-Crossed" (2017) and Nomi in the 2021 movie "No Time to Die".

Mikaela Hoover

Mikaela Hoover (born July 12, 1984) is an American actress. In 2011, she was in "Happy Endings" as Jackie and in 2012, she was in in "Anger Management".

Hoover has worked with director James Gunn. She played Nova Prime's Assistant in the Marvel movie "Guardians of the Galaxy" and Camila in the DCEU movie "The Suicide Squad".

Colbert, Washington

Colbert () is an unincorporated community in Spokane County, Washington, United States. It is north of Spokane.

It was first named Dragoon and the name was changed to Colbert in 1902.

Ludovica Modugno

Ludovica Modugno (12 January 1949 – 26 October 2021) was an Italian actress and movie director. Her worked focused on dubbing. Her best known roles were in "Cado dalle nubi", "Quo vado?" and "Magical Nights".

Modugno died in Rome on 26 October 2021 at the age of 72.

Maxine Conder

Rear Admiral Maxine Conder (April 20, 1926 – October 18, 2021) was a United States Navy rear admiral. She was Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps from 1975 to 1979.

Conder died in Layton, Utah on October 18, 2021, at the age of 95.

Bingham Canyon, Utah

Bingham Canyon was a city formerly located in southwestern Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. The town was abandoned in the 1970s.

Justine Lupe

Justine Lupe-Schomp (born May 31, 1989) is an American actress. She was in "Mr. Mercedes", "Succession", "Cristela", and "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel". Lupe was born in Denver, Colorado. She started acting in 2011.

Social deduction game

A social deduction game is a type of video game where a few selected players are chosen to trick the other players into thinking they are regular players like them. The few selected players, or imposters, will sabotage the other players efforts. The game ends when the imposters have stopped the regular players efforts or if the regular players have completed their objectives/found and eliminated the imposters.
Examples include: Among Us, Town Of Salem, One Night Ultimate Werewolf and Secret Hitler

Airplane!

Airplane! is an American parody comedy movie made in 1980. It was written and directed by David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, and Jim Abrahams. It is a parody of the 1970 movie Airport as well as the 1957 movie Zero Hour!. It is was picked as the 6th most funny movie in Bravo's '100 Funniest Movies'. In 2007, people in the United Kingdom voted "Airplane!" was the second greatest comedy ever made. In 2010, "Airplane!" was added by the Library of Congress to the United States National Film Registry since it was important to the American culture and movie history.

Purge

In history, politics and religion, a purge is a removal from a job or powerful position of people who are considered undesirable or dangerous by those in power from a government, another organization, their team leaders, or society as a whole. A group undertaking such an action is labeled as purging itself. Purging is a form of persecution.

Purges can be either nonviolent or violent; the nonviolent purges are often done by the simple removal of people from their jobs or a powerful position, and the violent purges are often done by the imprisonment, exile, or murder (either through execution through a show trial or through extrajudicial killing without a trial) of those who have been purged.


Roxbury, New Hampshire

Roxbury is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 220 people lived there.


Our Russian Front

Our Russian Front is a 1942 American World War II documentary movie directed by Lewis Milestone and Joris Ivens. It was narrated by Walter Huston.


Interstate 520

Interstate 520 (I-520) is a auxilary Interstate that loops around most of Augusta, Georgia, and North Augusta, South Carolina. It begins at I-20 and State Route 232 (SR 232) in the northern part of Augusta, and ends at I-20 in the northern part of North Augusta, South Carolina. I-520 is also known as Bobby Jones Expressway and the Deputy James D. Paugh Memorial Highway in Georgia and Palmetto Parkway in South Carolina.

Interstate 110 (Louisiana)

Interstate 110 (I-110) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It runs in a north–south direction as a spur of I-10 in the city of Baton Rouge.
Interstate 359

Interstate 359 (I-359) is a part of the Interstate Highway System in the US state of Alabama. It is a spur route that runs for in Tuscaloosa. Its southern end is at I-20/I-59 and its northern end is at U.S. Highway 43 (US 43) in downtown Tuscaloosa. The entire length is signed with U.S. Highway 11 (US 11) and Alabama State Route 69 (SR 69).

Interstate 759

Interstate 759 (I-759) is a part of the Interstate Highway System in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is a spur route that runs for between the cities of Attalla and Gadsden in Etowah County. It begins at an Interstate 59 (I-59) in Attalla and ends at U.S. Route 411 (US 411) in southern Gadsden near the Gadsden Mall. The route continues east as State Route 759 (SR 759) until the route ends at SR 291 in Gadsden.

Agalychnis hulli

Agalychnis hulli is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have only seen it in one place, but they think it might also live in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 270 and 950 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 37.1 mm long from nose to rear end. It changes color. During the day, the frog's back is light green with some lighter spots, and at night it is either darker green or green-brown with lighter spots. This frog lives in tropical forests that are not too high up in the hills. Scientists have seen this frog sitting on leaves about 4 meters above the ground. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over temporary pools of water (bodies of water that are only there for part of the year and dry up at other times). Scientists have not seen many clutches of eggs, but so far it seems that the female frog does not roll the leaf up into a nest the way some other frogs in "Agalychnis" do. This frog does not live in habitats that have been changed too much.

Phyllomedusidae

Phyllomedusidae is a family of frogs that live in the Neotropics in North America, South America, and nearby islands. They are called leaf frogs in English. Some scientists say it is a subfamily of the family Hylidae, the tree frogs. Other scientists say it is a sister clade to Hylidae instead.

The family could be a sister group to the Australian treefrogs (Pelodryadidae), a family of frogs that live in Australia and New Guinea. Scientists think this is possible even though the two groups of frogs live very far away from each other, on different continents. All these frogs could have come from the same ancestor frog that lived in early Cenozoic in South America, where the Phyllomedusidae still live. The two families of frogs would have split from one another during the Eocene period. The ancestors of Pelodryadidae probably colonized Australasia from South America by going through Antarctica, which at the time was not yet frozen over. The clade with both families is sister to the Hylidae, from which they split apart in the early Paleogene.

The family Phyllomedusidae contains the following genera:


Mohammad Imran

Mohammad Imran (also known as Imran Manzoor) (born 18 August 1996) is a Pakistani cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited in the 2015–16 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy on 23 November 2015.

Path of Democracy

Path of Democracy () is a non-profit think tank established in 2015 by ex-Civic Party legislator Ronny Tong. The organization has been reported to be pro-China. It was established in Hong Kong.

Our Hong Kong Foundation

Our Hong Kong Foundation () is a think tank founded in 2014 by former chief executive Tung Chee-hwa. It is based in Hong Kong.

42 Entertainment

42 Entertainment is an American company which makes alternate reality games (ARGs).

The company was founded in 2003 under the name 4orty 2wo Entertainment. It was positioned as an independent, creative content and interactive agency.

The company started with a nine-person management team and was originally based in Emeryville, California.

It produces alternate reality games, including campaigns for Xbox and PS3 titles, the movie "The Dark Knight", and the Nine Inch Nails "Year Zero" album.

The head office based in Burbank.

The company did not officially launch until 2003.

The future management team were included to team that created "The Beast" for Warner Brothers to promote the Steven Spielberg film "A.I." The project was developed by Microsoft.

The company founded in 2003 and was launched by a management team which included Bob Fagan, Elan Lee, Sean Stewart and Jordan Weisman from the team which created "The Beast". Susan Bonds, Joe DiNunzio, Jane McGonigal, Jim Stewartson and John Ziffren were other notable coworkers of the company.

In 2006, 42 Entertainment merged with 3 Pin Media. Michael Borys, Alex Lieu and Johnny Rodriquez also joined the company.

In 2007, Jordan Weisman left the company to found Smith & Tinker. That same year, Elan Lee, Sean Stewart and Jim Stewartson left the company to found Fourth Wall Studios.

Creatives Steve Peters, Maureen McHugh and Behnam Karbassi left the company in late 2008, and founded No Mimes Media in March 2009.

In 2004 42 Entertainment made "I Love Bees. This is" the prequel to the Xbox game "Halo 2". The company also made "Hex 168" (Microsoft Gaming Studios/Xbox 360), "MSN Found" (Windows Live Search) and "Last Call Poker" (Activision’s GUN).

In 2006, the company created "Dead Man’s Tale" and Disney’s "Pirates of the Caribbean".

List of A1 roads

A list of roads designated A1, sorted by alphabetical order of country.


University of Dallas

The University of Dallas is a Catholic university in Irving, Texas.


Alien from the Deep

Alien From the Deep or "Alien of the Abyss" is a 1989 Italian-Filipino horror sci-fi action monster movie directed by Antonio Margheriti. The movie is a ripoff of the movies "The Abyss" and "Alien".

Two members of Greenpeace discover that a local factory dumps radioactive waste into an active volcano, which has created a terrifying alien-like creature in the bottom of the sea, who wreaks havoc in the area.

Interstate 405 (Oregon)

Interstate 405 (I-405), also known as the Stadium Freeway No. 61, is a short north–south Interstate Highway in Portland, Oregon. It forms a loop that travels around the west side of Downtown Portland.

Interstate 510

Interstate 510 (I-510) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana. The highway goes from I-10 to Almonaster Boulevard. The highway is long.

Interstate 210 (Louisiana)

Interstate 210 (I-210) in Louisiana, also known as the Lake Charles Bypass, is a bypass route in Lake Charles, in Louisiana. As a bypass of I-10, both ends of I-210 meet with I-10.

Interstate 220 (Louisiana)

Interstate 220 (I-220) in Louisiana is an east–west bypass route around Shreveport, Louisiana. It runs from I-20 and LA 3132 in Shreveport to a second interchange with I-20 in Bossier City. The highway serve as a northern bypass of the downtown area for through traffic traveling on I-20.

London Buses route 281

London Buses route 281 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. It runs between Hounslow and Tolworth and it is operated by London United using 25 buses.

Route 281 was introduced between Twickenham and Tolworth on 9 May 1962. It replaced trolleybus route 601 and operated from Fulwell garage. On 15 August 1981 it was converted from AEC Routemaster to MCW Metrobus operation.

In 2000, the 281 was one of the most popular routes in London. Around 5.5 million passengers used the service that year.

On 3 June 2006, route 281 became the 100th night bus service in London, when a 24-hour service introduced. It replaced some of route N22, which was shortened to end at Fulwell.

Since the privatisation of London bus services, route 281 has always been operated by London United out of Fulwell garage.

Route 281 operates via these main locations:


In July 2005, soon after the 7 July 2005 London bombings, someone said they had planted a bomb on the 281 bus, but this was not true.

Stevensville, Maryland

Stevensville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Queen Anne's County, Maryland.

Stevensville is at (38.981128, −76.318757).

In the United States Census Bureau, it said that Setevnsville has a total area of , all land.

Kjell-Olof Feldt

Kjell-Olof Feldt (born 18 August 1931) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician. Feldt was Minister of Trade between 1970 until 1975. He was also the Assistant Minister of Finance from 1975 until 1976. Feldt became Minister of Finance by Prime Minister Olof Palme during his time in office.

Ludovic Zanoni

Ludovic Zanoni (26 June 1935 – 28 October 2021) was a Romanian cyclist. He was born in Arad, Romania. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 100 km team time trial and finished in sixth place.

Zanoni died on 28 October 2021 in Tărtășești, Romania at the age of 86.

Christopher Wenner

Christopher Wenner, later known as Max Stahl (6 December 1954 – 28 October 2021), was a British-East Timorese journalist and television presenter. He worked for "Channel 4 News" as a war correspondent. He was also a presenter of "Blue Peter". He had an East Timor citizenship.

In April 2012, Wenner was diagnosed with throat cancer. He died from the disease on 28 October 2021 in Brisbane, Australia at the age of 66.

London Buses route 9

London Buses Route 9 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. It runs between Hammersmith bus station and Aldwych. It is operated by London United.

Route 9 has been called "London's oldest existing bus route". Its origin goes as far back as 1851, although the routes 11 and 12 also date from this time.

Route 9 operates via these primary locations:

In 1978, route 9 was called the "very best and least expensive tour of London" as it passed Hyde Park, Hyde Park Corner, Green Park, Burlington Arcade, Piccadilly Circus, Haymarket, Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery, Strand, Savoy Hotel, Simpsons of Piccadilly, Fleet Street, Lombard Street and George and Vulture. The current route passes Kensington Palace and Kensington Gardens. It also passes the Design Museum, Royal Albert Hall, Albert Memorial, Wellington Arch, Apsley House, New Zealand War Memorial, The Athenaeum Hotel, The Ritz London Hotel, The Wolseley, St James's Palace, National Gallery, Duke of York Column, Nelson's Column, Eleanor cross, Savoy Hotel, Savoy Theatre and Somerset House.


Per T. Ohlsson

Per Evald Torbjörn Ohlsson (3 March 1958 – 27 October 2021) was a Swedish journalist and author. He was born in Malmö, Sweden.

He was also an editor of the student newspaper "Lundagård" from 1980 to 1981. He then worked as a journalist for the newspaper "Expressen" from 1982 to 1985. 

From 1985 to 1988 he was a correspondent in the United States for the newspaper "Sydsvenska Dagbladet" and from 1990 to 2005 he was political editor-in-chief at "Sydsvenska Dagbladet".

Ohlsson died on 27 October 2021 in Malmö from lymphoma at the age of 63.

Russell Jennings

J. Russell "Russ" Jennings (May 23, 1955 – October 27, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Kansas House of Representatives from 2012 until his death. He was born in Lakin, Kansas. 

Jennings was diagnosed with advanced cancer in July 2021. He died from the disease three months later on October 27, 2021 at the age of 66.

Bob Ferry

Robert Dean Ferry (May 31, 1937 – October 27, 2021) was an American professional basketball player, assistant coach, and general manager (GM) in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He played for the St. Louis Hawks (1959–1960), Detroit Pistons (1960–1964) and the Baltimore Bullets (1964–1968). 

He was an executive of the Washington Bullets and was in charge when the team won the 1978 NBA Finals.

Ferry died on October 27, 2021 at the age of 84.

Erna de Vries

Erna de Vries (; born Erna Korn; 21 October 1923 – 24 October 2021) was a German Holocaust survivor.

In 1943, she was sent to Auschwitz with her mother during the Holocaust. She was ordered to be executed at the gas chambers on 15 September of that year; however was transferred to another camp the day of her execution. She was freed by Allied forces in 1945.

de Vries became a lecturer talking about her life during the Holocaust, something her mother wanted her to do. In 1998, she gave her testimony at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.

de Vries died in Lathen, Germany on 24 October 2021, three days after her 98th birthday.

Mako Komuro

, formerly , is the first child and elder daughter of Prince Fumihito and Princess Kiko. 

She used to be a member of the Japanese imperial family. 

She is the niece of Emperor Naruhito, and is the oldest grandchild of Emperor Emeritus Akihito and Empress Emerita Michiko. 

She married Kei Komuro, a lawyer, on 26 October 2021. Because of Japanese law, she had to give up her royal titles because she married a commoner.

Titles and Styles 

23 October 1991-26 October 2021: Her Imperial Highness Princess Mako of Akishino 

26 October 2021-persent Mrs. Komuro 

Martine Carol

Martine Carol (16 May 1920 – 6 February 1967) was a French actress. She played the lead role in the 1955 romantic movie "Lola Montès". She was also married to notable men such as actor Joseph Stephen Crane.

Carol died of a heart attack on 6 February 1967 while filming a movie in Monte Carlo, Monaco at the age of 46.

Saint-Mandé

Saint-Mandé () is a commune of the Val-de-Marne department in Île-de-France in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France.

Lathen (Samtgemeinde)

Samtgemeinde Lathen is a "Samtgemeinde" in the district Emsland in Lower Saxony, Germany.

The New Klondike

The New Klondike is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Thomas Meighan, Lila Lee, Paul Kelly, Tefft Johnson, Hallie Manning. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Diversity Champions

In 2001, British LGBT rights group Stonewall launched its Diversity Champions programme, a programme which works with over 900 organisations to ensure that lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer people (the LGBTQ+ community) are comfortable in the workplace. This includes addressing outright discrimination, as well as "more discrete" forms of heterosexist thinking.

Cruziohyla

Cruziohyla is a genus of frogs in the family Phyllomedusidae. They live in Honduras in Central America down to the Amazon Basin in South America. Scientists first decided to put frogs in this genus in 2005 when they were reexamining the way they organized frogs in the Hylidae. "Cruziohyla" was fully reviewed in 2018. The species in this genus were in "Agalychnis" and "Phyllomedusa" before.

These frogs have a lot of webbing on their front and back feet. Their eyes have two colors in their irises. Tadpoles grow in water-filled holes in fallen trees. The name "Cruziohyla" is for the Brazilian amphibian scientist Carlos Alberto Gonçalves da Cruz.

There are three "Cruziohyla" species:


LGBT rights in Jordan

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals in Jordan face legal challenges and discrimination not experienced by non-LGBT persons. In the Ancient times of Jordan, according to traditional Biblical accounts, Jewish scriptures and Islamic jurisprudence interpretations was the first place in the world where the same-sex activity was recorded in recorded times of human history, the story told by prophet Lot. However, until recently, the International Day Against Transphobia and Biphobia in 2014 and 2015 in the Jordanian capital, Amman, was troubling, primarily for educational purposes and for the community to raise voice and discuss challenges. Events were being held. LG GTT in Jordan Many activists and members of the Jordanian society and LG GTT allies attended.

In 1951, an analysis of Jordan's Surgical Code legalized the legalization of private, adult, non-commercial, and voluntary physical laws.

Jordan's penal code no longer allows family members to honour kill or maim any member of their family, which is interpreted as "Illegal" sexual intercourse in the whole family. By 2013, the newly revised Penal Code makes unlawful murder, unlawful killing legal.

In 1999, a Jordanian family living in the United States repeatedly murdered their adult daughter and found out she was gay.

Jordan was under the Ottoman Empire, where Homosexuality was condemned by the committee 75 years ago, but between 1922 and 1945 the country was ruled by a League of Nations. However, in 1951 the new nation legalized Homosexuality. The Jordanian government also tolerates a few cafes in Amman that are widely considered to be gay friendly. The revised edition in 2004 has a few provisions of direct impact on LGBT rights. First, the content ban on "sexual perversion" has been replaced with a general requirement that the press "respect the values of ... the Arab and Islamic nation" and that the press must also avoid encroaching into people's private lives.

LGBT history in Pakistan

Royalty of transgender people; Under the Mughal rule, transgender people were called "khawjasaras", a designation of respect and dignity. The Mughals employed transgender people as security officials in charge of female quarters. This role was assigned to transgender people in imitation of their historic role in Holy Cities where transgender people served as facilitators between men and women performing Prayers and Pilgrimage. In most parts of the Muslim world, transgender people commanded respect and were considered holy and special in the eyes of the Lord. The spirituality of transgender people is considered as authentic as that of men and women. The Prophet of Islam treated transgender people with respect, prohibited their ill-treatment, and had good things to say about spiritually-inclined transgender people. Believing that transgender people are dearer to God (The Creator), some Muslim rulers appointed them as intercessors in Royal Palaces, including those of the Ottomans and the Mughals.

In the Indus Valley Region (i.e. Pakistan), the Mughals appointed transgender people to positions of power and trust. Transgender people served as courtiers and councils, giving advice to princes and princesses. They were familiar with court etiquette and knew the secret workings of Mughal households. They were domestic insiders. Having the controls of intelligence officers and the prestige of Royal confidantes, transgender people enjoyed special powers and privileges unavailable even to the most powerful "wazirs" (ministers) of the Islamic Kingdom. Transgender people were educated in statecraft and nuances of religion. This treatment and elevation in the Mughal courts provided a great incentive for non-Muslim transgender people to accept Islamic faith.
The Qur'an is clear on genetic determinations by pointing out that Allah is the:

Every child has the equal blessings of the Lord and there is no justification for parents, courts, or governments to engage in gender-based ill-treatment.

Dhegihan languages

The Dhegihan languages are a group of Siouan languages. They include Kansa–Osage, Omaha–Ponca, and Quapaw. Their historical region included parts of the Ohio and Mississippi River Valleys, the Great Plains, and southeastern North America. The shared Dhegihan (Degihan) migration history and separation story places them as a united group in the late 1600s near the confluence of the Ohio and Tennessee rivers (southern Illinois and western Kentucky), which then moved westward towards the Missouri River and separated. 

Kansa and Osage can be understood by each other, as can Omaha and Ponca. 

The 2nd Annual Dhegiha Gathering in 2012 brought Kansa, Quapaw, Osage, Ponca and Omaha speakers together to share best practices in language revitalization.

International Astronautical Congress

The International Astronautical Congress (IAC) is an annual meeting that deals with matters about space. The meeting is held by the International Astronautical Federation with the support of the International Academy of Astronautics and the International Institute of Space Law (IISL). It is hosted by one of the national society members of the IAF. The meeting is normally held in late September or early October. They consist of plenary sessions, lectures and meetings. The IAC is attended by the leaders and senior members of the world's space agencies.

As World War II came to an end, the United States and the Soviet Union had different opinions about how the world should be. During the early days of the Cold War, communication between the two countries was not common. Both countries wanted to have a better military than the other.

Six years after the Iron curtain fell, the International Astronautical Federation(IAF) was formed. It was created by European scientists in the field of space research. They created it so it would allow them to work more together. During the years of the Space Race, the IAF was one of the few places where members of both East and West Europe could meet.

Hinsdale, New Hampshire

Hinsdale is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 3,948 people lived there.


Come September

Come September is a 1961 American romantic comedy movie directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Rock Hudson, Gina Lollobrigida, Sandra Dee, Bobby Darin, Walter Slezak, Joel Gray. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Water politics in the Near East

The Syria-Lebanon-Palestine boundary was a product of the post–World War I Anglo-French partition of Ottoman Syria.

Arab Federation

The Hashemite Arab Federation was a short-lived country that was formed in 1958 from the union between the Hashemite Kingdoms of Iraq and Jordan. Although the name implies a federal structure, it was "de facto" a confederation.

Fatalism

Fatalism is an idea in philosophy. It can mean one of two things. First, it can be the idea that people do not have free will to make their own choices, that everything has already been decided in advance. This is called fate. There are a few reasons people think this. For example, some people think free will can't exist if God knows the future. and believing in determinism, that certain starting things cause other things later. For example, geographic determinism is the idea that the part of the world where a person lives determines certain things about his or her later life. The second idea is that people, when faced with something that they don't think they can stop, accept the event rather than try to stop it. The first idea is related to determinism and religion. The second idea is related to psychology.

Cruziohyla calcarifer

The splendid leaf frog ("Cruziohyla calcarifer") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, and Ecuador.

When the frogs are young, just changed from tadpoles, they have bright yellow marks near their mouths and eyes. They have no marks on their back legs.

The adult male frog is 56.4 to 80.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 57.0 to 88.8 mm long. The frog's skin is green with some white or light blue spots. The irises of their eyes are pale gray with yellow on the edges. The sides and back legs are yellow with short black stripes and triangular patterns. The front legs and much of the front feet are orange. The throat is yellow. The belly has dark marks on it. This is unusual for tree frogs: most of them have light-colored bellies.

The female frog lays her eggs on the middles of leaves that hang over bodies of water, for example ponds. The tadpoles are different from other "Cruziohyla" tadpoles: Their mouths and colors are different.

This frog is not endangered but there are fewer of them than there used to be. This is because human beings cut down the forests where they live for logging, farms, or to graze animals or build cities. There is also habitat fragmentation, which means the places they live are cut up so that groups of frogs cannot travel to each other. They are also killed by chemicals people use to kill pests.

Franco Latini

Franco Latini (12 September 1927 – 2 February 1991) was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Pomezia, Italy. For many years, he gave his voice to many animated characters owned by Warner Bros., Disney and Hanna-Barbera. In his live action roles, he voiced Stan Laurel in the 1968–1970 Italian broadcasts of "Laurel and Hardy".

Latini died of a stroke on 2 February 1991 at the age of 63. He was the father of Fabrizio Vidale, Laura Latini and Ilaria Latini.

Fiorella Mattheis

Fiorella Gelli Mattheis (born February 10, 1988) is a Brazilian actress and presenter. She began her career in 2006 presenting a program on SportV channel, in 2007 gained prominence by playing Vivian in the 14th season of "Young Hearts," and in 2013 she became famous for playing the scammer Velna on the sitcom "Vai Que Cola". Fiorella dated judoc Flávio Canto and the football player Alexandre Pato. 

Mattheis was born in Petrópolis. 


Muttley

Muttley is a fictional dog and sidekick of Dick Dastardly who appeared in many animated series by Hanna-Barbera Productions from 1968 onward.

Muttley was first voiced by Don Messick before being replaced by Billy West

Lola Bunny

Lola Bunny is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon character portrayed as a talking female rabbit created by Warner Bros. Pictures. She is usually Bugs Bunny's girlfriend. She first appeared in the 1996 film "Space Jam"

Lola Bunny was based on Honey Bunny, who was Bugs Bunny’s girlfriend in the Looney Tunes comics. Lola appeared in Space Jam when Michael Jordan asked if there anyone who could play basketball. Lola hates whenever anyone calls her “doll”. Lola is the best player on the team but when an Monstar almost crushes her, Bugs Bunny saves her and she falls in love with him and lets him call her doll. 

Lola is in the movie Tweety’s High Flying Adventure, a parody of Around the World in Eighty Days and she’s a reporter in it.

Lola Bunny as a Baby is a character in the show Baby Looney Tunes. She also likes basketball in it. 

In the show Loonatics Unleashed there’s a character named Lexi Bunny who says Lola is her Ancestor. 

In The Looney Tunes Show, Lola Bunny is a character and is an idiot and really annoys Bugs Bunny before he falls in love with her. 


List of movies based on Hanna-Barbera cartoons

Since 1964, various animated and live-action theatrically released movies based on Hanna-Barbera cartoons have been created and released to theaters. While alive, Joseph Barbera and William Hanna (the founders of Hanna-Barbera) were involved with each production in some capacity.

Anatole Collinet Makosso

Anatole Collinet Makosso (born 1965) is a Congolese politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo since 2021. He was Minister of Primary and Secondary Education from 2015 to 2021, and as the Minister of Youth and Civic Instruction from 2011 to 2016.

Arnošt Pazdera

Arnošt Pazdera (16 September 1929 – 27 October 2021) was a Czech footballer. He played in 19 games for the Czechoslovakia national football team from 1952 to 1958.

Pazdera died on 27 October 2021, aged 92.

Team Seas

Team Seas (stylized as #TEAMSEAS) is an international fundraiser. It was started by YouTubers MrBeast and Mark Rober. They created it as a follow-up to Team Trees. The fundraiser has raised over 33 million U.S. dollars. All of the donations from the fundraiser go to the Ocean Conservancy and The Ocean Cleanup. The fundraiser says it will remove of marine debris from the ocean. It says it will remove of marine debris from the ocean for every 1 dollar donated. , $33,482,479 has been raised.

https://theoceancleanup.com/teamseas/

Isaías Pérez Saldaña

Isaías Pérez Saldaña (28 June 1949 – 27 October 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He was in the Parliament of Andalusia from 1990 to 2008 and was Mayor of Ayamonte from 1991 to 1996.

Pérez Saldaña died on 27 October 2021 in Seville, Spain at the age of 72.

Francesco de Notaris

Francesco de Notaris (22 October 1944 – 28 October 2021) was an Italian politician. He was a member of The Network. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1994 to 1996. He was born in Rome.

Notaris died on 28 October 2021 in Milan, one week after his 77th birthday.

Chamber of Deputies of the Dominican Republic

The Chamber of Deputies () is the lower chamber of the Congress which, along with the Senate, makes up the legislature of the Dominican Republic.

Congress of the Dominican Republic

The Congress of the Dominican Republic () is the bicameral legislature of the government of the Dominican Republic. It is made up of two houses, the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies. Both senators and deputies are chosen through direct election. There are no term limits for either chamber.


Senate of the Dominican Republic

The Senate of the Dominican Republic () is the upper legislative chamber in the bicameral legislature of the Dominican Republic, and together with the Chamber of Deputies makes up the Congress.

Reinaldo Pared Pérez

Reinaldo de las Mercedes Pared Pérez (25 September 1956 – 28 October 2021) was a Dominican politician. He represented Distrito Nacional in Chamber of Deputies from 1998 to 2002. He was in the Senate from 2006 until his death. Pared Pérez was president of the senate twice, between 2006 and 2014, and again between 2016 and 2020. He was a member of the Dominican Liberation Party.

Pérez killed himself on 28 October 2021, at the age of 65.

Camille Saviola

Camille Saviola (July 16, 1950 – October 28, 2021) was an American actress and singer. She played Olga in "The Purple Rose of Cairo". ​She also appeared as Bajoran religious leader, Kai Opaka, in "".

Saviola died on October 28, 2021 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 71.

Mehdi Cerbah

Mehdi Cerbah (3 April 1953 – 29 October 2021) was an Algerian international football player. From 1975 until 1986, he played for the Algeria national football team, making 57 appearances. 

Cerbah died on 29 October 2021 at the age of 68.




Ashley Mallett

Ashley Alexander Mallett (13 July 1945 – 29 October 2021) was an Australian cricketer. He played in 38 Tests and 9 One Day Internationals between 1968 and 1980. He played for South Australia cricket team between 1967 until 1981.

Mallett died from cancer on 29 October 2021 at the age of 76 in Adelaide.

Aleksandr Martyshkin

Aleksandr Georgievich Martyshkin (, 26 August 1943 – 29 October 2021) was a Russian rower. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.

He was born in Moscow. He died on 29 October 2021 in Moscow, aged 78.

Puneeth Rajkumar

Dr. Puneeth Rajkumar (17 March 1975 – 29 October 2021) was an Indian actor, playback singer, television presenter, and producer. He appeared in "Vasantha Geetha" (1980), "Bhagyavantha" (1981), "Chalisuva Modagalu" (1982), "Eradu Nakshatragalu" (1983) and "Bettada Hoovu" (1985). 

He appeared as the main role in many successful movies such as in "Appu" (2002), "Abhi" (2003), "Veera Kannadiga" (2004), "Mourya" (2004), "Aakash" (2005), "Ajay" (2006), "Arasu" (2007), "Milana" (2007), "Vamshi" (2008), "Raam" (2009), "Jackie" (2010), "Hudugaru" (2011), "Raajakumara" (2017),
and "Anjani Putra" (2017). 

Rajkumar died on 29 October 2021 in Bengaluru, India from a heart attack, aged 46.

David Byrne

David Byrne (; born 14 May 1952) is a Scottish-American singer-songwriter, record producer, actor, writer, music theorist, and filmmaker. He was a founding member and performer with the American new wave band Talking Heads.

He has received Academy, Grammy, Tony, and Golden Globe Awards. He has also been honored in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of Talking Heads.

Arbutus, Maryland

Arbutus is an unincorporated community and a census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. The population was 21,655 at the 2020 census.

Dunbartonshire

Dunbartonshire () or the County of Dumbarton is a historic county, lieutenancy area and registration county in the west central Lowlands of Scotland.

Lace cuff

Lace cuff it's the name they receive some type of cuffs crafted with lace or embroidery techniques. Especially the embroidered cuffs of the ceremonial garments.

They are used as a complement to various ceremonial garments, both by individuals belonging to the clerical establishment : deacons, priests or bishops, as well as in the civil sphere ( magistrates, judges, etc.) or academics, vgr. doctors, rectors and other university personalities. Within the university clothing, the colors of the cuff will vary depending on the faculty or position of the academic. 

List of people who disappeared mysteriously: 1910–1990

Bhootu

Bhutu (also spelled Bhootu) is a Hindi language children's comedy-drama television series that aired on Zee TV. It Stars Kinshuk Mahajan and Sana Amin Sheikh in lead roles. The Show Telecasts Monday to Friday at 6:30 P.M.


Valhalla Entertainment

Valhalla Entertainment Productions, Inc. is an American movie and television production studio. Their productions include among others AMC's "The Walking Dead" television series, its companion series, "Fear the Walking Dead," and the spin-off, "."

Formerly Pacific Western Productions, the studio was established by producer Gale Anne Hurd in 1982 and it was folded into Valhalla Motion Pictures in 2000.

In 1988, Gale Anne Hurd established a label No Frills Film, devoted to producing low-budget and independent movies, usually with the nature of B-movie. In 1993, No Frills Film was merged into Pacific Western Productions.

Five years later, Gale Anne Hurd established another production label, Valhalla Motion Pictures, which was ultimately merged with Pacific Western Productions in 2000. The same year it signed a first-look contract with Kinowelt USA, which was acquired by StudioCanal after Kinowelt was forced into bankruptcy.

In 2001, Valhalla Motion Pictures established a television division that its main focus was on producing television series and movies for networks and syndication.

Valhalla had an overall contract with Universal Cable Productions to creating new television and web series, which was renewed in 2015. Valhalla produced USA Network's drama series, "Falling Water", and Amazon's original series, "Lore".

In the comic book industry, Valhalla has created a six-issue miniseries comic book, "The Scourge", for Aspen Comics, and a four-issue comic book miniseries, "ANTI", for 12 Gauge Comics. "Dead Man's Run", which was created for Aspen Comics by Greg Pak.

On February 7, 2017, Valhalla Motion Pictures merged into Valhalla Entertainment, which was originally established in 1996.

On March 24, 2016, the United States Patent and Trademark Office denied a trademark registration by Valhalla Game Studios on the grounds there was likelihood of confusion between Valhalla Motion Pictures and Valhalla Games Studios' mark.


Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire

Fitzwilliam is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,351 people lived there.


Cruziohyla craspedopus

The fringed leaf frog ("Cruziohyla craspedopus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia, Brazil, and Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 30 and 1600 meters above sea level.

This is a large frog with green skin and pale spots. It has yellow color on its legs and sides. There are brown bars vertically down its sides.

The adult male frog is 55 to 57 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 69 to 73 mm long.

This frog lives in forest that has never been cut down. It lives high in the trees where the branches come together like a roof.

Unlike other leaf frogs, the female fringed leaf frog puts her eggs right in the water, about 14 to 21 eggs at a time. Scientists once saw adult frogs moving their eggs from the water to a mass of roots hanging over the water. 

People have seen the tadpoles in very small pools of water: For example, in the hollows of trees or in large puddles where larger animals have wallowed in the mud. Scientists think these tadpoles can swim and grow in bodies of water made by humans if there are enough trees close by.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Pianist's Day

World Pianist Day is a special holiday for both seasoned and amateur piano and keyboard instruments players of all ages and nations. It’s celebrated annually on November 8th.

On this day concerts and meetings with musicians are held all over the world. Pianists congratulate their mentors (and vice versa), friends and relatives of musicians send their congratulations too. “Free piano” events are organized in public places. Numerous music stores offer discounts on their goods.

In 2024 there will be the 10th anniversary of the holiday. World Pianist Day is already celebrated throughout the world: in Latvia, Ukraine, Austria, the Netherlands, Great Britain, Japan, South Korea, Canada, France, Taiwan, the Philippines, Israel, etc. London and Boston Philharmonics dedicated special performances to the holiday. In the U.S. the famous TV presenter Ellen DeGeneres and the legendary “Piano Man” himself — Billy Joel — joined the festivities. Both the number and the geography of events keep expanding, as World Pianist Day becomes truly the global holiday.

The tradition to celebrate November 8th as the special day for piano and keyboard players was founded in 2014 by Ivan Manko-Vertogradoff — cultural activist, piano aficionado and the owner of a music store chain. “I was always dreaming of my friends and clients having their own holiday — simply because they’re worth it”, commented the founder.

Started as just the discretional activity, in merely a year World Pianist Day was recognized as a dedicated holiday. In 2015 pianists Alexander Polyakov, Yulia Arkhangelskaya and Mikhail Orgish took the stage of Minsk State Philharmonics, as did Irina and Elizaveta Morozovs’ duo on piano/cymbalo. Tickets to the event were sold out in six days.

From 2016 World Pianist Day is celebrated internationally. Nanchang Hangkong University in China, where Mr. Polyakov was teaching at the time, was holding the festivities. On Nov. 8, 2016 Nikolai Panok, the Minsk pianist and composer, set the national record for playing the piano for 5 hours continuously. The next year the same performer beat his own record, adding one more hour of continuous playing.

On November 8th, 2018, marking yet another anniversary of World Pianist Day, piano was played at one of the most exotic and hard-to-reach places: the “Apothecary garden”, the subtropical part of the Moscow State University Botanical garden — which was at that time closed to the general public for more than 15 years. The young and talented Ilya Polyakov (not related to the mentioned Alexander Polyakov) played his own pieces named “Colors”.

The question “Why namely November 8th?” Ivan Manko-Vertogradoff replies: “First of all, on this day Alexander Scriabin, one of my most favorite composers and performers, was born. Then, it's a deep and cold autumn time, when people do need comfort and warmth the most — and piano music is able to provide these warm feelings. Last but not least: already after the holiday date was established, we’ve found, with a nice bit of astonishment, that Nov. 8th, or 8 x 11 (or vice versa) is exactly the number of grand piano keys! It is 88 keys to a pianist's soul", concludes Ivan Manko-Vertogradoff.


S1mple

Oleksandr Olegovich Kostyliev (Ukrainian) or Aleksandr Olegovich Kostilev (Russian) (, Russian: Александр Олегович Костылев); born 2 October 1997), better known as s1mple or Sasha, is a Ukrainian professional "" player for Natus Vincere. He is one of the best players in "Global Offensive" history.

Kostyliev was born on 2 October 1997. His family name is of Russian origin. He started playing "Counter-Strike" at four years old at the recommendation of his older brother. S1mple picked up "" on its release in 2012, joining his first professional team a year later.

Raymond Braun

Raymond Braun is an American celebrity, journalist and an advocate for the LGBTQ rights.

He grew up in Toledo, Ohio and graduated from Stanford University.

He began his career as an associate product marketing manager for YouTube Entertainment Marketing where he developed and implemented YouTube's first LGBTQ+ marketing campaign known as #ProudToLove.

In 2018, he became a contributing editor for the American teen magazine, Seventeen. In 2019, he worked as a host for the documentary film, State of Pride.

Karen Civil

Karen Civil is an American Internet marketer. She gained popularity for creating the website, Weezythanxyou.com where the rapper Lil Wayne published letters for his fans while he was incarcerated at Rikers Island.

She grew up in a Haitian-American family in Elizabeth, New Jersey. She was educated at Elizabeth High School and then graduated from Union County College located in New Jersey.

Joel Comm

Joel Comm is an American writer and Internet marketer. He presently serve as the CEO of a social media consulting company named InfoMedia. He also founded the ClassicGames, a family multiplayer gaming website that was later sold to Yahoo! in 1997.

He started his career as a radio personality working as a weatherman. Later, he became a mobile disc jockey and then moved to Internet marketing.


Cartoonito

Cartoonito is a programming block channel that aired on Cartoon Network Too in the UK in 2009. It was removed in 2010 but came back in 2013.

In the US, the block returned on Cartoon Network and HBO Max. It airs from 6AM to 11AM. A free Cartoonito Video app is yet to be on the App Store in the US.

Home Sweet Home Alone

Home Sweet Home Alone is an American Christmas comedy film directed by Dan Mazer with a script by Mikey Day and Streeter Seidell. It is the sixth film in the "Home Alone" franchise. The project is produced by 20th Century Studios as a Disney+ original film, the first 20th Century Studios film to be produced for the streaming service. It was announced after The Walt Disney Company acquired 21st Century Fox and inherited the film rights to the "Home Alone" franchise. The film stars Ellie Kemper, Rob Delaney, Archie Yates, Aisling Bea, Kenan Thompson, Pete Holmes, Ally Maki, and Chris Parnell. 

Jeff and Pam McKenzie are trying to sell their house, but have not told their children, Abby and Chris. Jeff had lost his job and Pam's salary is not able to afford keeping their home. To make matters worse, Jeff's obnoxious and more successful brother Hunter and his wife, Mei, and son Ollie, have decided to stay with them for Christmas. During an open house, Max Mercer and his mother Carol stop by to use the restroom. Max has a brief exchange with Jeff, during which the latter reveals a box of old dolls, including a malformed one with an upside down face. Carol comments on how dolls with unusual deformities tend to sell due to their rarity. As Max and Carol return home, the whole family is preparing to leave for Tokyo, Japan for the holidays, with Carol leaving earlier than the rest of the family. Max, annoyed with the fuss, decides to hide in the garage parked car and falls asleep.

Concerned about losing their home, Jeff goes to retrieve the doll, only to find that it is missing. Believing that Max stole it, he manages to locate the Mercer household the next day, only to find the whole family hastily leaving. During the commotion, he overhears the security code and sees where the house key is hidden. He tells Pam about it and they agree to go and steal the doll at night. Meanwhile, Max discovers that the whole family has left and takes advantage of it by having fun, though he quickly grows bored. Jeff and Pam arrive at the Mercer house and get inside. Max overhears them talking about getting an "ugly little boy" and assumes they are talking about him. He manages to scare them away by calling the cops. Officer Buzz McCallister arrives, but Pam manages to divert him. Max realizes that if he found out he was home alone, his parents might get arrested.

Carol discovers that Max has been left home alone and buys a ticket to head back. The McKenzies head to church the next day where they run into their realtor Gavin Washington who tells them that they have a buyer, but they need to decide by the end of the year; putting pressure on them. Max arrives and unknowingly converses with Jeff and Pam's son Chris who sympathetically gives him his nerf gun. Jeff and Pam spot Max talking with an elder afterwards and assume she is his grandmother. They resolve to break into the house once again while the rest of their family is still at church. They sneak around the back of the house, but end up in the neighbor's backyard instead. Max overhears them once again plotting with Jeff agreeing to arrive dressed as Santa in an effort to fool him. Max responds by setting up traps in his house while Jeff and Pam wait for their family to fall asleep on Christmas Eve.

Jeff and Pam are subjected to Max's traps, during which they discover that Max did not steal the doll, but instead stole a can of soda. They clear up the misunderstanding, but learn that Max is also home alone and agree to let him stay with them until his mother comes back. As they explain the whole situation to their family, it turns out that Ollie stole the doll and manage to safely retrieve it, thus ensuring that the McKenzies will stay. Carol arrives to pick up Max and, having moved into their house only two months ago, finds friends in the McKenzies and thanks them for taking care of Max. One year later, the Mercers and McKenzies have Christmas dinner together with Jeff having gotten a new job and willingly gives Max the soda he craved the year prior.

The first trailer released on October 12, 2021. It was met with negative responses by fans, and received over 79,000 dislikes on YouTube. 

Additionally, Devin Ratray reprises his role as an adult Buzz McCallister from "Home Alone" (1990) and "" (1992) with the character now working as a police officer. John Novak and Eddie G appear as Johnny and Snakes respectively, two movie characters who were portrayed by Ralph Foody and Michael Guido in the first film as well.

Ken Evoy

Ken Evoy (born September 25, 1953 in Montreal, Quebec) is an American Internet marketer known as the founder and Chairman of the Board of SiteSell. He is also known for being the most productive toy makers in the 1990s in Canada. His company has licensed more than 20 toy creations between 1985 and 1998.

Ken Evoy was raised in the Montreal area and attended Loyola High School in Montreal. He was graduated from McGill University. He studied Medicine at McGill University in 1975 where he completed his internship in 1980. He also practiced as a full-time emergency physician at Hôpital du Sacré-Coeur de Montréal and at the Sir Mortimer B. Davis Jewish General Hospital.

Dori Friend

Dori Friend is an American Internet marketer, writer, film maker and LGBTQ+ rights activist. She is the owner of SEONitro, PageOneEngine and Raven Bear Labs. She was born in San Francisco, California on August 29, 1960. She attended public school and then graduated from the University of California, Berkeley.

Dori Friend started his career as a Human Interface Designer for Apple Vision Software Team. In 1985, she was also involved in developing the software Hypercard and MACINFO.

Drew Hendry

Andrew Egan Henderson Hendry who is known as Drew Hendry is a Scottish politician and Internet marketer. He is a Member of Parliament from the Scottish National Party.

Drew Hendry grew up in Edinburgh. According to him, his interest in politics was sparked by the fact that during his teenage years, he was too young to vote in the Scottish referendum of 1979. However, he started his career as an employee of Electrolux.

Joey Chestnut

Joey Chestnut (born November 25, 1983) is an American competitive eater. He is currently ranked first in the world by Major League Eating. He is a Vallejo, California native and resides in Westfield, Indiana.

Alton Brown

Alton Crawford Brown Jr. (born July 30, 1962) is an American television personality, food show presenter, chef, author, actor, cinematographer, and musician. He is the creator and host of the Food Network television show "Good Eats" that ran for 14 seasons, host of the miniseries "Feasting on Asphalt" and "Feasting on Waves", and host and main commentator on "Iron Chef America" and "Cutthroat Kitchen". Brown is a best-selling author of several books on food and cooking. A recap series titled "Good Eats Reloaded" aired on Cooking Channel starting in October 2018, and a true sequel series, "Good Eats: The Return", premiered on August 25, 2019, on Food Network.

Jovan Hutton Pulitzer

Jovan Hutton Pulitzer is an American entrepreneur from Dallas, Texas. He gained popularity for being the inventor of the CueCat barcode scanner.

AlmaLinux

AlmaLinux is a distribution of Linux that was originally created to be a 1:1 binary compatible release of Red Hat Enterprise, but shifted to ABI compatibility in June of 2023. It was created due to Red Hat shifting the focus of CentOS to the new CentOS Stream development branch, and then shifted to ABI compatibility after RedHat stopped shipping RHEL sources to git.centos.org. The creation of AlmaLinux and the AlmaLinux OS Foundation is based on the Open Source principal to provide a community owned and governed, forever-free enterprise Linux distribution. 


Eva Rönström

Eva Rönström (later "Ericsson" or "Eriksson", 29 December 1932 – 7 October 2021) was a Swedish gymnast. She won a silver medal in the team portable apparatus event at the 1956 Summer Olympics. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden.

Rönstrom died on 7 October 2021, at the age of 88.

Igor Kirillov

Igor Leonidovich Kirillov (Russian: Игорь Леонидович Кириллов, 14 September 1932 – 30 October 2021) was a Soviet and Russian news presenter, announcer and actor. He was known for being the news anchor for Soviet Central Television (CT USSR) and an announcer for the CT USSR news program "Vremya". He was awarded the People's Artist of the USSR in 1988.

Kirillov died on 30 October 2021 at a Moscow hospital from COVID-19, aged 89.

Alan Davidson (cricketer, born 1929)

Alan Keith Davidson, (14 June 1929 – 30 October 2021) was an Australian cricketer. He was born in Lisarow, New South Wales. From 1953 until 1963, he played for the Australian national team. From 1949 until 1963, Davidson played for New South Wales cricket team.

Davidson died on 30 October 2021, aged 92.

Basílio do Nascimento

Basílio do Nascimento Martins (14 June 1950 – 30 October 2021) was the East Timorese Roman Catholic Bishop of Baucau from 2004 until his death. He was born in Suai, then Portuguese Timor. Nascimento became a priest in 1977.

Nascimento died on 30 October 2021 at a hospital in Dili, East Timor from a heart attack, aged 71.

Bernardo Tengarrinha

Bernardo David Mendes Salgueiro Campos Tengarrinha (17 February 1989 – 30 October 2021) was a Portuguese professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder or a centre back. He was born in Lisbon, Portugal.

He made 106 Primeira Liga appearances. He played for Estrela da Amadora, Olhanense, Vitória de Setúbal and Boavista. Tengarrinha started his career at Porto. His career began in 1997.

Tengarrinha played for Portugal up to under-21 level. He ended his career in 2017 after being diagnosed with leukemia.

Tengarrinha died of Hodgkin lymphoma on 30 October 2021 in Lisbon, at the age of 32.


University of Exeter

The University of Exeter is a public research university in Exeter, England. Its old institutions, "St Luke's College", "Exeter School of Science", "Exeter School of Art", and the "Camborne School of Mines" were established in 1838, 1855, 1863, and 1888 respectively.

Ashaway, Rhode Island

Ashaway is a village and a census-designated place in Washington County, Rhode Island. It is part of the town of Hopkinton. The 2020 United States Census showed 8,398 people in Hopkinton and Ashaway together. In Ashaway itself, 2021 reports showed 1,449 people on July 1. Ashaway and Hopkinton are north of Westerly and Watch Hill in southwestern Rhode Island at the Connecticut border.

The "Ashaway" name comes from the river's name. That name of the river was "Ashawague". It ran straight through the village.

Orange, New Hampshire

Orange is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. At the 2020 census, 277 people lived there.


Lucky Partners

Lucky Partners is a 1940 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and is the remake of the 1935 movie "Good Luck". It stars Ginger Rogers, Ronald Colman, Jack Carson, Spring Byington, Harry Davenport, Cecilia Loftus, Walter Kingsford, Lucile Gleason, Helen Lynd and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Johnny Test (2021 TV series)

Johnny Test is a revival of the 2005 series of the same name. It is a Canadian/French animated series created by Scott Fellows and developed by WildBrain for Netflix. It premiered on Netflix on July 16, 2021. It also premiered on TVOKids on October 16, 2021. An interactive special titled "Johnny Test's Ultimate Meatloaf Quest" premiered on November 16. The second season of the show released on January 7, 2022.


On June 11, 2013, Teletoon announced the original series renewal for season 7 consisting of 13 episodes and a three-part special. However, in response to a tweet on June 25, 2015, voice actor James Arnold Taylor stated that he wasn't aware of any plans for more seasons.

However, on March 15, 2019, when Wildbrain (previously known as DHX Media) released a video confirming the show's revival along with web shorts (titled: "Johnny Test: The Lost Web Series") on the official "Johnny Test" YouTube channel, but were set to private in October of that year.

In January 2020, WildBrain announced that their Vancouver studio was hiring for a new "Johnny Test" project separate from the web shorts (released on May 2, 2020, but later made private). On May 6, 2020, WildBrain confirmed the series had been picked up by Netflix for two more seasons and a 66-minute interactive special set for release in 2021, with Fellows returning as showrunner and executive producer. In June 2021, it was announced that most of the main cast would reprise their respective roles.


The Last Story

The Last Story ( in Japan) is a action role-playing video game, developed by Mistwalker and AQ Interactive for the Wii video game console, that published Worldwide by Nintendo and Xseed games in the North American version. Originally released in Japan in 2011, and Worldwide one year later.

Nokia E72

The Nokia E72 is a smartphone from the Nokia Eseries, developed by Nokia as the successor to the Nokia E71. It was announced on June 15, 2009 at the Nokia Connections event in Singapore. It was discontinued on March 7, 2011.




Duende

A duende is a legendary creature from Central and South America. It is like a sprite or pixie. Stories about duende say it has a hat. It can be evil, kind, helpful, or play tricks.

A little known fact about duendes is that many of them are theorized to live in present day Maine. Particularly is musician colonies as they are attracted to the spritely music of Jazz. 

Toni Servillo

Marco Antonio "Tony" Servillo (; born 25 January 1959) is an Italian actor and theatrical director.

He won the European Film Award for Best Actor twice, in 2008 for both "Gomorrah" and "Il Divo" and in 2013 for "The Great Beauty".

In 2020, "The New York Times" named him #7 on its list of the 25 Greatest Actors of the 21st Century.

Kori

Kori may refer to:


Amy Acker

Amy Louise Acker (born December 5, 1976) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Winifred Burkle and Illyria on the supernatural drama series "Angel" (2001–2004). She also played Kelly Peyton on the action drama series "Alias" (2005–2006).

From 2017 to 2019, she starred as Caitlin Strucker on the superhero drama series "The Gifted".

Frank Hsieh

Frank Hsieh (; born May 18, 1946) is a Taiwanese politician and attorney. He is a co-founder of the Democratic Progressive Party.

He was a member of the Legislative Yuan, mayor of Kaohsiung City, and the Premier of the Republic of China under president Chen Shui-bian. 

Hsieh was the DPP nominee in the 2008 presidential election and lost to Ma Ying-jeou.

Max Scheler

Max Scheler (22 August 1874 - 19 May 1928) was a German philosopher. He is known for his works in phenomenology. 

William Booth

William Booth (10 April 1829 – 20 August 1912) was an English Methodist preacher. He and his wife Catherine, founded the Salvation Army. He became its first "General" (1878–1912). He was named among the 100 Greatest Britons in 2002 by the BBC.

Irene Tarimo

Irene Tarimo (born 1 October 1964) is a Tanzanian scientist, researcher and educator. 

She served as the Head of Department of Environmental Studies and Lindi Regional Director at the Open University of Tanzania. She currently serve as Chairman of the Staff Funds Committee, Open University of Tanzania 

During 1990's, she helped with the founding of the Tanzania Environmental Conservation Society, which advocates on environmental impacts and the climate crisis, mostly on researches.

Cruziohyla sylviae

Sylvia's tree frog ("Cruziohyla sylviae") is a frog that lives in Panama, Costa Rica, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Scientists have seen it no more than 750 meters above sea level. People have seen it between 30 and 1600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 44.3 to 67.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 73.5 to 88.2 mm long.

This frog has a mix of dark green and light green on its back, with pale blue spots. It has yellow-orange sides with thick black stripes. It has a small yellow spot behind each eye. The spot is covered up when the frog is still. Unlike "Cruziohyla calcarifer", it does not have dark brown marks on its underside.

This frog lives in trees where the branches come together like a roof in forests and flood plains. The frog climbs down to lower branches when it is time to lay eggs. The female frog lays eggs in water in dead trees. People have also seen tadpoles in water storage lakes if there are enough trees nearby.

This frog is not endangered, and people have seen more of them than there were before. However, they are still in some danger because human beings change the forests where they live into farms and other things and cut down trees for the wood. This is called habitat loss.

Honey Bunny as Super Team X

Honey Bunny as Super Team X is a 2018 superhero comedy action movie based on Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal. It was released on November 5, 2018. Two sequels to the movie titled "Super Team X Reloaded" and "Super Team X End of the World" were released in 2019 and 2020. The movie is also one of the first superhero movies of the Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal film series.

As part of the covert Team X, Honey, Bunny, Zordaar and Popat face various dangers when they set out to capture the elusive and tech-savvy thief, Flamingo.

Carl's Jr.

Carl's Jr. Restaurants LLC is an American fast food restaurant chain. CKE Restaurant Holdings ("CKE" stands for Carl Karcher Enterprises) is the operator of this chain and its related restaurant business Hardee's. The business is operated in North America, Oceania, Europe, Africa, Asia and South America.

Carl's Jr. sells French fries, chicken sandwiches/strips, hamburgers, cheeseburgers and breakfast food materials (until 10:30 a.m. each day). Breakfast items include orange juice, frosted cinnamon rolls, hash browns, milk, eggs and biscuits.

The business chain was started in Los Angeles in the early 1940s by Margaret Karcher and her husband Carl.

In 1988, Carl Karcher and several others related to him—one of them was chain president Donald F. Karcher—were accused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission of insider trading. However, the only charge was e against the head accountant. In summer the following year, they settled their case by paying a fine.

Arash Estilaf

Arash Estilaf (), known as Hua Bobo () is an Iranian actor and TV host active in China.

Telecom Italia

Telecom Italia S.p.A. is an Italian telephone operator based in Rome and Milan. It offers fixed telephone services.

TIM

TIM is an Italian telephone brand of the Telecom Italia group. It offers mobile telephone services.

Samsung Galaxy S4

The Samsung Galaxy S4 is an Android phone made by Samsung Electronics as the fourth smartphone of the Samsung Galaxy S series and was first seen publicly on March 14, 2013, at Samsung Mobile Unpacked in New York City. It is the successor to the Galaxy S III, which maintains a similar design, but with upgraded hardware and an increased focus on software features that take advantage of its hardware functions—such as the ability to detect when a finger is over the screen, and expanded eye tracking functionality, it was released the previous year. A new version of the S4 became the first phone to support the coming LTE Advanced mobile network standard. The T-Mobile version of the Galaxy S4, was released the same month. The phone's successor, the Samsung Galaxy S5, was released the next year.

Silvia Cartwright

Dame Silvia Rose Cartwright (née Poulter, born 7 November 1943) is a New Zealand jurist who served as the 18th Governor-General of New Zealand, from 2001 to 2006.

Anand Satyanand

Sir Anand Satyanand, (born 22 July 1944) is a New Zealand lawyer, academic, judge and politician. He was the 19th Governor-General of New Zealand from 2006 to 2011. 

Satyanand was chair of the Commonwealth Foundation for two 2-year terms.

In August 2019 he was elected to be Chancellor of the University of Waikato for a 4-year term.

Somerset, Massachusetts

Somerset is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 18,303 at the 2020 census.

Steve Howey (actor)

Steven Michael Robert Howey (born July 12, 1977) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Van Montgomery on The WB/CW television series "Reba", and Kevin Ball on the Showtime series "Shameless."

Tiramisu

Tiramisu ( , from , "pick me up" or "cheer me up") is a coffee-flavored Italian dessert.

Lester Eriksson

Erik Lester Eriksson (16 November 1942 – 26 October 2021) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer. He won two bronze medals at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships. He competed at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

Michael Laughlin

Michael Stoddard Laughlin (1938 – October 27, 2021) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Minonk, Illinois. His career began in 1967. He was known for writing and directing the movies "Strange Behavior" (1981), "Strange Invaders" (1983), "Mesmerized" (1986) and "Town & Country" (2001).

Laughlin was married to French actress Leslie Caron between 1969 until 1980. 

Laughlin died on October 27, 2021, in Honolulu, Hawaii from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 82.


Pepi Bader

Josef "Pepi" Bader (29 May 1941 – 30 October 2021) was a West German bobsledder. He competed in two Winter Olympics, he won silver medals in the two-man event both in 1968 and 1972. Bader also won two medals at the 1970 FIBT World Championships in St. Moritz. He was born in Grainau, Germany.

Bader died on 30 October 2021, aged 80.

German nationalism

German nationalism is the idea that the different people who are seen as German belong together and should make one country. German nationalism started around 1770. At the start, there were many different small kingdoms and duchies, the German state only started to exist in the mid-19th century. German nationalism started with the Napoleonic wars, when France invaded the different German states. In the 19th century, the main question was whether to make a Germany that included the modern-day state of Austria, (seen as lesser German) or to make one that included it. 

In the end Bismarck opted for a lesser German solution (which did not include Austria). This is through German Unification. When the Nazis came to power in 1933, they wanted to create a Greater Germany (including Austria). During this time, the people who were not seen as German were seen as Untermenschen (subhumans), and many were killed. 

Hampton Falls, New Hampshire

Hampton Falls is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,403 people lived there.


Valeriy Khmelko

Valériy Khmelkó (30 July 1939 – 30 October 2021) was a Ukrainian sociologist. He was a professor at the National University of Kiev-Mohyla Academy. He was also President of the Kyiv International Institute of Sociology. Khmelko was born in Kiev, Ukraine. His works focused on macrosociology and sociology of personality.


Vyacheslav Khrynin

Vyacheslav Aleksandrovich Khrynin (; 10 August 1937 – 30 October 2021) was a Russian basketball player. He played for the Soviet team, where he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Dusty Johnson

Dustin M. Johnson (born September 30, 1976) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for South Dakota's at-large congressional district since 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was South Dakota Public Utilities Commissioner from 2005 to 2011. 

Presho, South Dakota

Presho is a small city in Lyman County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 472 at the 2020 census.

Kennebec, South Dakota

Kennebec is a town in and county seat of Lyman County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 281 at the 2020 census.

Tim Johnson

Timothy Peter Johnson (born December 28, 1946) is a retired American lawyer and politician. He was a United States Senator from South Dakota from 1997 to 2015. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Representative for from 1987 to 1997.

Johnson chose not to run for reelection in 2014. 

Doğan Akhanlı

Doğan Akhanlı (; 18 March 1957 – 31 October 2021) was a Turkish-born German writer. His works focused on genocides of the 20th century, such as those affecting Armenians and the Jews. His works criticized Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and often got him arrested.

Akhanlı died from cancer on 31 October 2021 at the age of 64 in Berlin.

Peter Philpott

Peter Ian Philpott (21 November 1934 – 31 October 2021) was an Australian cricketer. He was a leg-spin bowler and middle order batsman. He played for New South Wales and the national team in the 1960s. He was born in Manly, New South Wales.

Philpott died on 31 October 2021 at the age of 86 from problems caused by a fall in New South Wales.

Aurel Vainer

Aurel Vainer (10 January 1932 – 31 October 2021) was a Romanian economist and politician. He was born in Ștefănești, Botoșani, Romania. He was well known in the Romanian Jewish community. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2004 until 2016.

Vainer died on 31 October 2021 in Bucharest, Romania at the age of 89.

Andrzej Zaorski

Andrzej Adam Zaorski (17 December 1942 – 31 October 2021) was a Polish actor and cabaret artist. He was born in Piaski, Poland. From 1991 to 1993, he produced the television series "Polskie Zoo". An actor, he was known for his roles in "The Mother of Kings", "Westerplatte" and "Pięciu".

Zaorski died on 31 October 2021 in Warsaw, Poland from stroke-related problems, aged 78.

Maurice Malleret

Maurice Malleret (30 September 1931 – 3 October 2021) was a French writer, historian, musicologist, and poet. He worked with the magazine "La Vie du rail" and "Cercle Littéraire des Écrivains Cheminots". He was a member of the Société des poètes et artistes de France. He was born in Cosne-d'Allier, France. He also worked at the National Museum of Natural History, France.

Malleret died on 3 October 2021 in Lavault-Sainte-Anne, France from congestive heart failure, aged 90.

Spintharus berniesandersi

Spintharus berniesandersi is a species of "Spintharus" ("smiley-faced spiders") in the family Theridiidae. It is endemic to Cuba.

It was described in 2018 by academics at the University of Vermont. This revision is in contrast to Herbert Walter Levi's taxonomy, which considered it to be intraspecific variation within "Spintharus flavidus".

The spider is named after United States Senator Bernie Sanders.

Eileen Filler-Corn

Eileen Robin Filler-Corn (born June 5, 1964) is an American lawyer and politician. She was the 56th Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates from 2020 to 2022. She has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates since 2010. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

She is also the first woman and Jew to serve as Speaker of the Virginia House of Delegates.

Claire King

Jayne Claire King (born Jayne Claire Seed; 10 January 1962) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Kim Tate in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (1989–1999, 2018–present), and Karen Betts in the ITV prison drama series "Bad Girls" (2000–2004). King also appeared in the fourth series of "Strictly Come Dancing" (2006), "Safari School" (2007), and "Celebrity Big Brother 14" (2014). Then from 2014 to 2017, she portrayed Erica Holroyd in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street".

Epping, New Hampshire

Epping is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 7,125 people lived there.


Loudon, New Hampshire

Loudon is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,576 people live here, and is the home of New Hampshire Motor Speedway.

The Rat Race

The Rat Race is a 1960 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and was based on the play by Garson Kanin. It stars Tony Curtis, Debbie Reynolds, Jack Oakie, Kay Medford, Don Rickles, Norman Fell, Marjorie Bennett and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Newfields, New Hampshire

Newfields is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,769 people lived there.


Rindge, New Hampshire

Rindge is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,476 people lived there.


Sarcohyla

Sarcohyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in Mexico and the hills and mountains between Durango in the north and Guerrero in the south. These frogs live in habitats that humans have not changed too much, near streams in pine-oak forests between above sea level. The name comes from the Greek "sarkodes" meaning "fleshy" and from "Hylas". It is for the thick, glandular skin of most of the frogs in the genus.

"Sarcohyla" are medium sized or large frogs. They have thick skin with glands. They have large thumbs and no projecting spine. The alary process of the premaxilla does not split into two pieces like it does in some other frogs.

Scientists first invented "Sarcohyla" in 2016 using molecular data. The species in "Sarcohyla" had been in the "Hyla bistincta", "Hyla arborescandens" and "Plectrohyla bistincta" groups. "Sarcohyla"'s sister group is "Plectrohyla". Not all species in "Sarcohyla" were included in the molecular analysis, so not all scientists are sure the genus is monophyletic.

The genus has 26 species in it:

Huey P. Long Bridge (Jefferson Parish)

The Huey P. Long Bridge is a bridge in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana. It is a cantilevered steel through-truss bridge. It carries a railroad line and US 90 over the Mississippi River.

The bridge opened in December 1935. It was named for the Governor Huey P. Long, who was killed on September 8 of that year. It was designed by Polish-American engineer Ralph Modjeski. It is a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.

Sarcohyla labeculata

The Mixe streamside tree frog, yellow-robed tree frog, Cerro las Flores spikethumb tree frog ("Sarcohyla labeculata") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1780 and 1896 meters above sea level.

Demographic momentum

Demographic momentum is a common characteristic of growing populations. It states that even after a decline in fertility rates, or the number of babies being born, population will still increase. This is because of a young age distribution, which means that there are a lot of young people who are able to reproduce.

Dances with Smurfs

"Dances with Smurfs" is the 13th Episode of the 13th Season of South Park, a TV show on Comedy Central.

The episode shows Eric Cartman replacing Gordon Stoltski as the reader of the morning announcements. In the episode, Eric Cartman starts accusing Wendy Testaburger, the school's student body president, of being a Smurf killer and writes a book about his frustration with her. 

"Dances with Smurfs" is a parody of Glen Beck and of James Cameron's movie "Avatar".

Göktürks

The Göktürks, Celestial Turks or Blue Turks were a group of Turkic peoples who lived in Central Asia during the middle ages. Bumin Qaghan and his sons were their leaders. The Göktürks ruled their area after the Rouran Khaganate. They became the main power in their part of inner Asia. They built the Turkic Khaganate. This Khaganate was a nomadic dynasty that had a big effect on later Turkic peoples. Their Religion was Tengrism

Earless monitor lizard

The earless monitor lizard ("Lanthanotus borneensis") is a brown lizard. It lives in Borneo. It is the only living species in the family Lanthanotidae.

Francisco Ou

Francisco H.L. Ou (; 5 January 1940 – 30 October 2021) was a Taiwanese politician. He was born in Hsinchu, Taiwan, Empire of Japan. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs between 2008 until 2009 during the Ma Ying-jeou presidency. He was also an ambassador to Guatemala and Nicaragua.

Ou died on 30 October 2021 from pneumonia, aged 81.

António Topa

António André da Silva Topa (2 September 1954 – 31 October 2021) was a Portuguese engineer and politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was in the Assembly of the Republic from 2015 until his death. 

Topa died in Lisbon, Portugal on 31 October 2021, aged 67.

Nelson Freire

Nelson Freire (18 October 1944 — 31 October 2021) was a Brazilian classical pianist. He was thought to be one of the greatest pianist in Brazil. He was born in Boa Esperança, Minas Gerais. He won the Vianna da Motta International Music Competition in 1964. 

Freire died at his home in Rio de Janeiro on 31 October 2021 at the age of 77.

Gale Anne Hurd

Gale Anne Hurd (born October 25, 1955) is an American movie and television producer. She is the founder of Valhalla Entertainment (formerly Pacific Western Productions). She was a recording secretary for the Producers Guild of America. Hurd was born in Los Angeles, California.

Hurd is known for producing "Aliens", "The Terminator" and "The Walking Dead".

Hurd studied at Stanford University. She was married to James Cameron from 1985 until their divorce in 1989. She later married Brian De Palma in 1991 and they divorced in 1993. In 1995, Hurd married Jonathan Hensleigh. She has a daughter, Lolita, with de Palma.

Lightyear (movie)

Lightyear is a 2022 computer-animated science fiction action-adventure movie that is based on the character Buzz Lightyear from the "Toy Story" series and is a spin-off movie. It is the fitfh movie of the Toy Story franchise, and is directed by Angus MacLane, and stars Chris Evans in the title role.

"Lightyear" released in theaters on June 17, 2022.

After an astronaut named Buzz Lightyear accidentally crash lands a spaceship on an alien planet in the middle of nowhere, Buzz Lightyear feels guilty about that so Buzz decides to try to fix the crystal they need to go faster than the speed of light. But every time he tries to do that he goes four years into the future instead while everyone else builds a colony on the planet. Eventually Buzz’s partner Hawthorne dies of old age so her replacement Commander Burnside ends Buzz’s mission and decides to deactivate Buzz’s robot cat Sox so Buzz steals a spaceship and takes Sox with him 22 years into the future. When Buzz comes back to the planet he finds out it’s being attacked by an army of robots working for someone named Zurg and Buzz works with a team led by Hawthorne’s granddaughter to beat Zurg. Buzz learns that aside from him everyone was able to make the planet their home. Buzz finds out Zurg is actually him from the future and that he went back in time to keep them from ever crashing into the planet. When Buzz refuses to help Future Buzz, Future Buzz tries to kill him so Buzz and his team have to beat Future Buzz and save the planet. Commander Burnside then rewards Buzz and his team by making them a group of soldiers to protect the Galaxy. 

Magdalena Andersson

Eva Magdalena Andersson (born 23 January 1967) is a Swedish politician for the Social Democratic Party.

In November 2021, she was appointed First Secretary of the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party, making her the second woman to lead the party. On 24 November 2021, the Swedish Parliament elected her as Prime Minister of Sweden. She assumed office on 30 November 2021.
In May 2022, Andersson started the process for Sweden to join NATO.

After her left-wing coalition lost its majority in the 2022 election, Andersson announced her resignation as prime minister. She was replaced by Ulf Kristersson on 18 October.

2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference

The 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference, also known as COP26, was the 26th United Nations Climate Change conference. It is being held in Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom, between 31 October and 12 November 2021. The conference is the 26th Conference of the Parties (COP) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the third meeting of the parties to the Paris Agreement.

This conference is the first time that parties will commit to lower greenhouse gas emissions and the raising temperatures of climate change.

It was supposed to be held in November 2020, but was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On 1 September 2021, the first pledges and the first meeting of COP26 had started.

Flags of the Confederate States of America

The flags of the Confederate States of America have a history of three designs from 1861 to 1865. The flags were known as the "Stars and Bars", used from 1861 to 1863, the "Stainless Banner", used from 1863 to 1865, and the "Blood-Stained Banner", used in 1865 shortly before the Confederacy's was dissolved.

Since the end of the American Civil War, the flag has been used by white supremacists and have been controversial in the United States.

Peter Rabbit (franchise)

Peter Rabbit is a media franchise from Columbia Pictures and based on Beatrix Potter's 1902 of the same name. It includes two feature films.

"Main article: Peter Rabbit"

Feature adaptation of Beatrix Potter's classic tale of a rebellious rabbit trying to sneak into a farmer's vegetable garden.

"Main article: "

Thomas and Bea are now married and living with Peter and his rabbit family. Bored of life in the garden, Peter goes to the big city, where he meets shady characters and ends up creating chaos for the whole family.

Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway

Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway (also known simply as Peter Rabbit 2) is a 2021 3D live-action/computer-animated adventure comedy movie directed and produced by Will Gluck, who co-wrote the screenplay with Patrick Burleigh. The movie is a sequel to 2018's "Peter Rabbit" produced by Sony Pictures Animation, and is based on the stories of Peter Rabbit created by Beatrix Potter. The movie stars the voice of James Corden as the title character, alongside Rose Byrne, Domhnall Gleeson, and David Oyelowo in live-action roles, and the voices of Elizabeth Debicki, Lennie James, and Margot Robbie.

After facing numerous delays from its original February 2020 release date due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the movie was released theatrically by Sony Pictures Releasing under its Columbia Pictures label, first in Australia on March 25, 2021, then in the United Kingdom on May 17 and in the United States on June 11. The movie has grossed over $153 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics.


Remanufacturing

Remanufactured (also known as Rebuilt) is an event when an building or train is rebuilt after an accident.


Last Night in Soho

Last Night in Soho is a 2021 British psychological horror movie directed by Edgar Wright. The screenplay was written by Wright and Krysty Wilson-Cairns, from a story by Wright. The movie stars Thomasin McKenzie, Anya Taylor-Joy, Matt Smith, Diana Rigg and Terence Stamp.

The movie premiered at the 78th Venice International Film Festival on 4 September 2021. It was released in the United Kingdom and United States on 29 October 2021 by Universal Pictures and Focus Features. It had mainly positive reviews, especially the production design, cinematography and performances from actors.

Baby Driver

Baby Driver is a 2017 action movie written and directed by Edgar Wright. It stars Ansel Elgort as a getaway driver who wants freedom from a life of crime with his girlfriend Debora (Lily James). Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm, Eiza González, Jamie Foxx, and Jon Bernthal appear in supporting roles. The movie was produced by Eric Fellner and his Working Title Films partner Tim Bevan with Nira Park from Big Talk Productions. Sony and TriStar Pictures released the film.

Giacomo Babini

Giacomo Babini (22 February 1929 – 1 November 2021) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Verghereto, Italy. He became a priest in 1966. He was controversial for his antisemitism and homophobia comments. He was the Bishop of Pitigliano-Sovana-Orbetello (1991–1996) and Grosseto (1996–2001).

Babini died on 1 November 2021 at a hospital in Arezzo, Italy at the age of 92.

Verghereto

Verghereto is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna.

Pat Martino

Pat Martino (born Patrick Azzara; August 25, 1944 – November 1, 2021) was an American jazz guitarist and composer.

Martino worked with jazz organists Charles Earland, Richard "Groove" Holmes, Jack McDuff, Don Patterson, Trudy Pitts, Jimmy Smith, Gene Ludwig, and Joey DeFrancesco.

Martino had been performing until a hemorrhage caused a "near-fatal seizure" in 1980 which caused him to lose his memory and how to play instruments.

Martino died on November 1, 2021, at the age of 77.

Clint Howard

Clinton Engle Howard (born April 20, 1959) is an American actor. He is the second son born to American actors Rance and Jean Howard. He is the younger brother of actor and director Ron Howard. He is known for his roles in "The Waterboy" and "Apollo 13". Howard was born in Burbank, California.

Seth Gabel

Seth Gabel (born October 3, 1981) is an American actor. Gabel is known for his roles of agent Lincoln Lee on Fox's television series "Fringe", Cotton Mather on WGN America's series "Salem", and Adrian Moore on the FX series "Nip/Tuck".

Gabel married actress Bryce Dallas Howard in 2006 and they have two children together.

Kitty Dukakis

Katharine "Kitty" Dukakis (née Dickson; born December 26, 1936) is an American author. She is the wife of former Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis. She was the First Lady of Massachusetts from 1975 until 1979 and again from 1983 until 1991.

During the 1988 presidential election, many fake rumors were talked about in the media about the Dukakises, including the claim by Idaho Republican Senator Steve Symms that Kitty had burned a United States flag to protest the Vietnam War.

In 1989, Dukakis was briefly hospitalized after drinking rubbing alcohol. In 1991, she revealed in her autobiography that she had suffered from alcoholism and had depression. She later became an activist supporting electroconvulsive therapy to treat patients with depression.

Rubbing alcohol

Rubbing alcohol is either an isopropyl alcohol or an ethanol-based liquid used for sanitation.

They are liquids used primarily as a topical antiseptic.
They can be used at hospitals to houses for disinfect things or injuries.

Friars Point, Mississippi

Friars Point is a town in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 896 at the 2020 census.

Bongbong Marcos

Ferdinand "Bongbong" Romualdez Marcos Jr. (born September 13, 1957) is a Filipino politician who is the President of the Philippines since 2022. He was a senator from 2010 to 2016. He is the second child and only son of the president and dictator Ferdinand Marcos Sr. and former First Lady Imelda Romualdez Marcos.

Marcos was also a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 1992 until 1995 and again from 2007 until 2010. He also was the Governor of Ilocos Norte from 1983 until 1986 and from 1998 until 2007.

In October 2021, Marcos announced his candidacy for President of the Philippines in the 2022 election. He won the election in May 2022 in a landslide victory.

Marcos Jr., nicknamed 'Bongbong', was born in Santa Mesa, Manila. He is the second child to Ferdinand Emmanuel Edralin Marcos and Imelda Remedios Visitacion Romualdez. His parents had three daughters. He had four siblings by his father's first marriage.

In 1970, Marcos was sent to England where he lived and studied at Worth School in West Sussex. He later went to St Edmund Hall, Oxford, to study philosophy, politics and economics; however he never graduated with that degree. Marcos had passed philosophy, but failed economics, and failed politics twice, thus making him ineligible for a degree. Instead, he received a special diploma in social studies, which is awarded mainly to non-graduates. Marcos still falsely claims that he got a degree from the University of Oxford even though Oxford confirmed in 2015 that Marcos did not finish his degree.

Marcos later went to Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania, in the United States, which he failed to complete.

In 1980, the 23-year-old Marcos Jr. became vice governor of Ilocos Norte, running unopposed under the Kilusang Bagong Lipunan party of his father, who was ruling the Philippines under martial law at the time. He then became governor of Ilocos Norte in 1983, holding that office until his family was removed from power by the People Power Revolution and fled into exile in Hawaii in February 1986. After the death of his father in 1989, President Corazon Aquino eventually allowed the remaining members of the Marcos family to return to the Philippines to face many charges.

Marcos was elected as representative of Ilocos Norte's 2nd congressional district from 1992 to 1995. Marcos ran for and was elected governor of Ilocos Norte again in 1998. After nine years, he returned as representative from 2007 to 2010, then became senator under the Nacionalista Party from 2010 to 2016. 

In 2015, Marcos ran for vice president in the 2016 election. Marcos lost to Camarines Sur representative Leni Robredo by a small amount of votes. In response, Marcos protested the results. His petition was later dismissed after the pilot recount of the chosen provinces of Negros Oriental, Iloilo and Camarines Sur showed Robredo expanding her lead and therefore winning the vice presidential election.

In 2021, Marcos announced that he would run for president of the Philippines in the 2022 election, under the Partido Federal ng Pilipinas (PFP). His campaign had criticism for spreading fake information about his rivals such as Robredo and for lying about his father's dictatorship. His campaign has also been accused of ignoring or changing facts about the human rights abuses and increase of wealth that took place during his father's presidency.

On November 16, 2021 Marcos announced his running mate to be Sara Duterte, daughter of President Rodrigo Duterte and mayor of Davao City.

Marcos had a wide lead in presidential polls throughout the months leading up to the May 2022 election. He is the first presidential candidate in the country to have poll ratings of over 50% from surveys. He has only attended one presidential debate which brought him controversy. He won the election in May 2022 in a landslide victory.

After the May elections, protests have been formed rejecting the results with many calling Marcos the "dictator's son" and his election as the return of "the Marcos dynasty".

Marcos was sworn-in as the 17th President of the Philippines on June 30, 2022.

On June 20, 2022, Marcos announced that he would make himself the Secretary of Agriculture for a short time to deal with the food shortage crisis in the country.

He and his mother are currently facing arrest in the United States and its territories for ignoring a court order to pay US$353 million in restitution to human rights abuse victims of his father's dictatorship. He and his mother are also facing tax evasion charges and payments in the Philippines since the 1990s.

However, on June 9, 2022, United States Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman said that as a head of state, Marcos has diplomatic immunity, meaning he could visit the United States as president of the Philippines without facing any arrests.

Marcos married Louise Araneta in 1993. They have three children.

In March 2020, Marcos was diagnosed with COVID-19.


Criminal Tribes Act

The Criminal Tribes Act was one of the many laws passed by the British colonial government that applied to Indians based on their religion and caste identification. The "Criminal Tribes Act" and its provisions used the term Tribes, which included castes within their scope. This terminology was preferred for various reasons, including Muslim sensitivities that considered castes by definition Hindu, and preferred Tribes as a more generic term that included Muslims. The origins behind the creation of the act concerned Revolt of 1857 where many tribal chiefs as Dhan Singh Gurjar were labelled traitors and considered rebellious.

The Criminal Tribes Act of 1871, expanded in scope through the 1920s, targeted numerous castes in colonial India. According to Simon Cole, a professor of Criminology, Law & Society, the law declared everyone belonging to certain castes to be born with criminal tendencies. They criminalized entire communities by categorizing them as habitual criminals. Because of this label, restriction on their movements was also imposed.

Adult male members of such groups were forced to report weekly to the local police.

Bong Go

Christopher Lawrence "Bong" Tesoro Go (; born June 14, 1974) is a Filipino politician. He is a Senator since 2019. He was Special Assistant to the President and Head of the Presidential Management Staff from June 2016 to October 2018 during the Rodrigo Duterte cabinet. 

In October 2021, Go announced his candidacy for Vice President of the Philippines in the 2022 election. However the following month, he withdrew from the vice presidential election to run for President of the Philippines.

Imee Marcos

Maria Imelda Josefa "Imee" Romualdez Marcos (; born November 12, 1955) is a Filipina politician. She has been a Senator since 2019. She was governor of Ilocos Norte from 2010 to 2019 and a representative of Ilocos Norte's 2nd district from 1998 to 2007. 

She is a daughter of former president Ferdinand Marcos and former first lady Imelda Marcos.

Chloe Fineman

Chloe Rose Fineman (born July 20, 1988) is an American actress and comedian. Fineman began her career with The Groundlings improv troupe. She is known for being a cast member of "Saturday Night Live" since 2019.

Bottes sauvages

Bottes sauvages are shoes. They are boots. They are tall, reaching up toward the knee. They are made of leather. People invented bottes sauvages by looking at Native American moccasins. These boots are part of the traditional clothing of people from Quebec.

Dawn raids (New Zealand)

The Dawn Raids were a crackdown in New Zealand from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s on illegal overstayers from the Pacific Islands. 

The raids were first announced in 1973 by Prime Minister Norman Kirk and were continued by his replacement Rob Muldoon.

These raids involved special police squads causing raids on the homes and workplaces of overstayers throughout New Zealand usually at dawn. Overstayers and their families were often prosecuted and then deported back to their countries.

In August 2021, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern made a formal apology for the raids.

Norman Kirk

Norman Eric Kirk (6 January 1923 – 31 August 1974) was a New Zealand politician. He was the 29th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1972 until his sudden death in 1974.

Kirk joined the New Zealand Labour Party in 1943.

Kirk died of a pulmonary embolism in Wellington on 31 August 1974 at the age of 51.


Gilsum, New Hampshire

Gilsum is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 752 people lived there.


Alstead, New Hampshire

Alstead is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,864 people lived there.


Masahito Hitosugi

After graduating from the Jikei University School of Medicine in 1994, after working at Kawasaki City Kawasaki Hospital, completed the Jikei University School of Medicine. He moved to his current position after working as an assistant at Doshisha University and an associate professor at the Department of Forensic Medicine, Dokkyo Medical University. He is also active in a wide range of fields, including being a university lecturer, a part-time police doctor at the Tochigi Prefectural Police Headquarters, and energetically working on many related committees and academic societies. His area of expertise is the pathophysiology of sudden death, thrombosis, and preventive medicine for traffic accidents.




Folly Beach, South Carolina

Folly Beach is a partly-private coastal city in Charleston County, South Carolina. Folly Beach is on the Atlantic coastal region of eastern South Carolina. The number of people living in the city was 2,682 according to the 2020 United States Census.

On September 21 or 22, 1989, Hurricane Hugo moved onto shores northeast of Charleston, Folly Beach and Mount Pleasant. These places were affected by Hugo's weaker winds. The Washout, a very well known place that people like to visit, was created not long after Hugo entered the area.
The city was established in 1937 or 1938.

Bow, New Hampshire

Bow is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 8,229 people lived there.


Viv Richards

Viv Richards (born in 1952) is a former West Indian cricketer.
Richards is from Antigua. He played for Somerset and the West Indies.
Wisden elected him one of the five cricketers of the 20th century.

Interstate 310 (Louisiana)

Interstate 310 (I-310) is a short spur route of I-10 west of New Orleans, located in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

It begins at on I-10 just west of Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport. It goes south as an elevated freeway across the LaBranche Wetlands. The highway crosses the Mississippi River, and ends at US 90 in Boutte.

Interstate 220 (Mississippi)

Interstate 220 (I-220) is a bypass around Jackson, Mississippi. It provides an interstate connection for Interstate 55 and Interstate 20 without going through downtown. The highway was Mississippi's first three-digit interstate, complete by 1981.

I-220 begins at I-20. It continues north, with an interchange at Clinton Boulevard that provides access to Capitol Street and Bullard Street. After turning to the northeast, I-220 ends at I-55.

Legally, the route of I-220 is defined in Mississippi Code § 65-3-3.

Celebrity sex tape

A celebrity sex tape is typically an amateur pornographic video recording involving one or more famous people which has, intentionally or unintentionally, been made available publicly.

Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton are some of the celebrities who become famous for their sex tapes.

Interstate 115

Interstate 115 (I-115) is a auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Montana. It connects I-15/I-90 to Butte. The highway begins at an interchange with I-15/I-90 through generally rural areas in western Butte. It has an interchange with Excelsior Avenue before ending. The entire route was upgraded to interstate standards during the 1960s, and was further upgraded in 2005.

Sarcohyla celata

The Oaxaca tree frog ("Sarcohyla celata") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 2640 and 2890 meters above sea level in the Sierra Juárez in Oaxaca.
