
Alford, Lincolnshire

Alford is a town in Lincolnshire, England. It is about northwest of the coastal resort of Skegness, at the foot of the Lincolnshire Wolds, which form an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The population was recorded as 3,459 in the 2011 census, and estimated at 3,789 in 2019.

National Database and Registration Authority

The National Database & Registration Authority (NADRA) () is an independent and autonomous agency under the control of the Interior Secretary of Pakistan that regulates government databases and statistically manages the sensitive registration database of all the national citizens of Pakistan.

The ID card has the following information on it:


NADRA has registered over 90% of women in the Pakistan. Although NADRA has started issuing ultra modern SCNIC (Smart Computerized National Identity Card) too having information both in English and Urdu languages respectively.

After the 1971 war resulted in East-Pakistan gaining independence as Bangladesh, a new statistical database system was needed to ensure the safety of Pakistan's citizens as well as the national security of the country as questions were being raised over who was a Pakistani and who was not. So the Bhutto regime introduced a national registration act in the Parliament of Pakistan to establish an authority to issue photo IDs to all registered Pakistani citizens.



Smallfoot (movie)

Smallfoot is a 2018 American computer-animated musical comedy movie. 
It was produced by the Warner Animation Group and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The story is based on the unpublished children's book "Yeti Tracks" by Sergio Pablos. The movie was co-written and directed by Karey Kirkpatrick. 
"Smallfoot" was theatrically released in the United States on September 28, 2018. It received a mostly positive reception from critics and grossed over $214 million worldwide.

The plot follows a tribe of Himalayan Yeti who come across a human being, with each species thinking the other was just a myth.
The movie stars the voices of Channing Tatum, James Corden, Zendaya, Common, LeBron James, Gina Rodriguez, Danny DeVito, Yara Shahidi, Ely Henry, and Jimmy Tatro. 

Joan of the Tower

Joan of the Tower (5 July 1321 – 7 September 1362) was the queen of Scotland from 1329 until her death as the first wife of David II of Scotland. She was the daughter of Edward II of England and Isabella of France.

Joan was the youngest daughter of King Edward II of England and Isabella of France. She was born in the Tower of London on 5 July 1321. According to the Treaty of Northampton, Joan was married on 17 July 1328 to David the son and heir of Robert I of Scotland at Berwick-upon-Tweed. At the time of the marriage Joan was 7 and David was 4. Their marriage lasted for 34 years.

Nisha Rao

Nisha Rao is a Pakistani transgender lawyer and activist. In 2020, she became the first transgender law graduate in Pakistan.

Rao began her law career by participating in various advocacy events. She later associated herself with various Non-governmental organizations (NGOs) as a volunteer and a legal adviser. She joined the Gender Interactive Alliance (GIA), which works for the rights of the transgender community.

As a lawyer, Nisha has dealt with over 50 cases regarding the transgender community.

Nisha plans to help the transgender community through her NGO. She wants to set up a helpline where transgender people can be guided by other community members. She also has plans to build a transgender old age home in the near future.


Collapse of the World Trade Center

The collapse of the World Trade Center occurred during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, after each of the Twin Towers was hit by a commercial airliner. One World Trade Center (WTC 1, or the North Tower) was hit at 8:46 a.m. EST. It collapsed at 10:28 a.m. Two World Trade Center (WTC 2, or the South Tower) was hit at 9:03 a.m. It collapsed at 9:59 a.m.

The debris from the collapsed buildings severely damaged or completely destroyed more than a dozen other nearby structures. That led to the collapse of 7 World Trade Center at 5:21 p.m. In the crashes, fires, and subsequent collapses, 2,763 people were killed. They included 2,192 civilians, 343 firefighters, and 71 law enforcement officers. They also included all of the passengers and crew on the airplanes, which included 147 civilians and the 10 hijackers.

Human rights in Bahrain

Bahrains record on human rights has been described by Human Rights Watch as "dismal", and having "deteriorated sharply in the latter half of 2010". Their subsequent report in 2020 noted that the human rights situation in the country had not improved.

Homosexuality is not illegal "per se". Criminal sanctions against LGBT people in Bahrain tend to come from several very broadly written laws against perceived "immorality".

Human rights in Pakistan

The situation of Human Rights in Pakistan () is complex as a result of the country's diversity, large population, its status as a developing country and a sovereign Islamic democracy with a mixture of both Islamic and secular law. The Constitution of Pakistan provides for fundamental rights. The Clauses also provide for an independent Supreme Court, separation of executive and judiciary, an independent judiciary, independent Human Rights commission and freedom of movement within the country and abroad. However these clauses are not respected in practice.

Homosexuality is illegal "per se". Criminal sanctions against LGBT people in Pakistan tend to come from several very broadly traditional cultured and Neo-Conservative ideology against perceived "immorality". Additionally the Government of Pakistan has itself admitted on several occasions that it has absolutely no control over the Military of Pakistan and related security agencies.

Human rights in Turkey

Human rights in Turkey are protected by a variety of international law treaties, which take precedence over domestic legislation, according to Article 90 of the 1982 Constitution. The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) was not signed by Turkey until 2000.

Human rights in Northern Cyprus are protected by the constitution of Northern Cyprus. However, there have been reports of violations of the human rights of minorities, democratic freedom, freedom from discrimination, freedom from torture, freedom of movement, freedom of religion, freedom of speech, right to education, right to life, right to property, and the rights of displaced persons.

Sexual intercourse between consenting adult females is legal in Northern Cyprus. Male homosexuality was still criminalised in Northern Cyprus until January 2014, while anti-homosexuality legislation formerly in effect in the Republic of Cyprus was repealed following a 1993 ruling by the European Court of Human Rights ("Modinos v. Cyprus").

On 27 January 2014 Turkish Cypriot deputies passed an amendment repealing a colonial-era law that punished homosexual acts with up to five years in prison by a new Criminal Code. It was the last territory in Europe to decriminalise sexual relations between consenting, adult men. In response to the vote, Paulo Corte-Real from the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association, a rights advocacy group said that "We welcome today's vote and can finally call Europe a continent completely free from laws criminalising homosexuality".

Huexotzingo

Huexotzingo is a small city in Mexico. It is about northeast of Puebla. In 2022, about 60,000 people lived there. The city is mostly focused on agriculture. The Codex Hexotzingo, a document of a trial in the Middle Ages was located there. Today, the city is known for the producition of cider, and of fruit preserves. Also, the airport of Puebla is located in Huexotzingo. By car, Puebla can be reached in about 20 minutes, Mexico City is about an hour away. 

Kurzgesagt

Kurzgesagt (in German Language stands for "In a nutshell") is a design studio and animator founded by Philipp Dettmer. They have a YouTube Channel and its studio focuses on educational minimalist content. They animate their videos using a flat design style. Their videos are about Science, Technology, Policies, Philosophy subjects.

The videos are narrated by Steve Tylor. The videos are usually 4 to 16 minutes long. Their works are available in English, German, and Spanish. They began creating videos in their Spanish Channel (En Pocas Palabras - Kurzgesagt) near the end of 2019 as of November 2nd, they have 16.7 million subscribers and have 150 videos.

Mariam Faransis

Mariam Mikhaïl Faransis (born 1950, Yabroud) is a Syrian writer, scholar. Faransis is a professor of Stylistics at the Lebanese University, From 1993 until 2017, she was a member of the Department of French Language. Faransis has writen several research studies in the field of supraphrastic linguistics.

Her research is written in both French and Arabic. 

r.b.c. 



Lake Annette, Missouri

Lake Annette is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Winnebago, Missouri

Lake Winnebago is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Peculiar, Missouri

Peculiar is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Pleasant Hill, Missouri

Pleasant Hill is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Raymore, Missouri

Raymore is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Strasburg, Missouri

Strasburg is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States.

Bayou Blue, Louisiana

Bayou Blue is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche and Terrebonne parishes, in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Louisiana State University of Alexandria

Louisiana State University of Alexandria (LSU of Alexandria or LSUA, formerly Louisiana State University at Alexandria) is a public university in Alexandria, Louisiana.

Gelora Bung Karno Stadium

Gelora Bung Karno Stadium is a main stadium in Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex, Jakarta, Indonesia. It is officially called the Gelora Bung Karno Main Stadium and also known as the GBK Stadium. The stadium was made for use during the 1962 Asian Games then reused during the 2018 Asian Games and 2018 Asian Para Games.

Sonja Ball

Sonja Ball (born October 20, 1956) is an American voice actress and singer. Ball is well known for her voice-over work as the voice of Jane Read in Arthur, Martha Moppet in The Little Lulu Show, Huckle Cat in The Busy World of Richard Scarry, Polly in the English dub of Samurai Pizza Cats, Nicole in the Madeline TV specials, and Marina and Hedwig in the English dub of Saban's Adventures of the Little Mermaid. She also did the voice for 5-year-old Wimzie, a happy-go-lucky, half-bird, half-dragon in the PBS children's series Wimzie's House. Ball is also known for her talented singing voice for several theme songs such as Ovide and the Gang, Adventures of the Little Koala, Woofy, The Little Flying Bears, Yakari, Wimzie's House, and The Legend of North Wind as well as providing narration and vocalist for the National Film Board of Canada's 1998 short Ludovic: The Snow Gift.

Dean Shek

Dean Shek (17 June 1949 – 20 September 2021), also known as Dean Shek Tin, was a Hong Kong actor and producer. He was best known as Professor Kai-hsien in the 1978 movie "Drunken Master", Lung Sei in the 1987 movie "A Better Tomorrow II", and Snooker in the 1990 movie "The Dragon from Russia".

Shek died from cancer on 20 September 2021, at the age of 72. He had been diagnosed with the disease two months before his death.

Gulraiz Akhtar

Gulraiz Akhtar (2 February 1943 – 1 November 2021) was a Pakistani field hockey player. He was born in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. He won his first gold medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.

Gulraiz used to play on left-half position.

Jonathan Gledhill

Jonathan Michael Gledhill (14 February 1949 – 1 November 2021) was an English Anglican clergyman. He was the Bishop of Southampton from 1996 to 2003, and the Bishop of Lichfield from 2003 to 2015. He was born in Windsor, Berkshire, England.

He announced he had Parkinson's disease, shortly before his retirement from ministry in 2015. Gledhill died on 1 November 2021, at the age of 72.

Yuri Klepikov

Yuri Nikolaevich Klepikov (; 24 August 1935 – 1 November 2021) was a Russian screenwriter and actor. His career began in 1966. A screenwriter, he was known for his works in "The Story of Asya Klyachina" (1966), "The Seventh Companion" (1967), "Mama Married" (1969), "Dauria" (1971), "The Ascent" (1976) and "Boys" (1983).

Seeco Patterson

Alvin "Seeco" Patterson (born Francisco Willie, 30 December 1930 – 1 November 2021) was a Cuban-born Jamaican percussionist. He was a member of The Wailers Band. He was born Havana, Cuba.

Sabah Fakhri

Sabah al-Din Abu Qaws (), also known as Sabah Fakhri (; May 2, 1933 – November 2, 2021), was a Syrian tenor singer. He was well known for his strong vocals. His songs were seen as Maqamat and harmonic.

In 1998, Fakhri became a member of the Syrian parliament.


Hiroshi Ogawa (politician)

In September 2021, Ogawa resigned after being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. He died from the disease on 2 November 2021 in Fukuoka, aged 72.

Viktor Putyatin

Viktor Putyatin (; 12 September 1941 – 2 November 2021) was a Soviet fencer. He won silver medals in the team foil events at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. Putyatin was born in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Putyatin died in Kyiv, Ukraine on 2 November 2021, aged 80.

Bruce Harrell

Bruce Allen Harrell (born October 10, 1958) is an American politician and attorney. He is the Mayor of Seattle since 2022. He was the mayor before for a short time in 2017. He was a member of the Seattle City Council. He was first elected to the city council in 2007 and was re-elected in 2011 and 2015, and did not run again in 2019.

Ed Gainey

Edward C. "Ed" Gainey (born February 19, 1970) is an American Democratic politician. He is the 61st Mayor of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania since 2022. He is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives since 2013. He was elected mayor in 2021.

Mattie Parker

Mattie Parker (born 1983 or 1984) is an American politician. She has been the Mayor of Fort Worth, Texas since 2021. She is the youngest mayor of a major American city in U.S. history.

Parker was elected mayor after winning 54% of the vote in the 2021 election.

Tishaura Jones

Tishaura Oneda Jones ( ; born March 10, 1972) is an American politician. She is the Mayor of St. Louis, Missouri since 2021. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Jones was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 2008, serving until 2013. She was Treasurer of St. Louis from 2013 to 2021.

Shontel Brown

Shontel M. Brown (born June 24, 1975) is an American politician. She is a member of the United States House of Representatives for Ohio's 11th congressional district since 2021. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was also a member of the Cuyahoga County Council from 2015 until 2021.

Jack Ciattarelli

Jack M. Ciattarelli (born December 12, 1961) is an American politician and businessman. He was the Republican nominee for governor in the 2021 New Jersey gubernatorial election. 

Ciattarelli was in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2011 to 2018. He is a Republican. He finished second in the primary race for governor in 2017, to Kim Guadagno. 

Ciattarelli won the Republican gubernatorial nomination on June 8, 2021. He ran against Democratic Governor Phil Murphy in the general election on November 2. He narrowly lost the election to Governor Murphy, in a race that was closer than expected. Shortly afterwards, he said he would run for governor again in 2025.

Felicia Moore

Felicia A. Moore is an American Democratic politician. She is the President of the Atlanta City Council since 2017.

On January 28, 2021, Moore announced her candidacy for Mayor of Atlanta in the 2021 Atlanta mayoral election.

Franconia, New Hampshire

Franconia is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. At the 2020 census, 1,083 people lived there.


Justin Bibb

Justin Bibb (born April 26, 1987) is an American nonprofit leader, businessman and politician. He is the Mayor of Cleveland since 2022. He is the co-chair of Teach for America.

In January 2021, Bibb announced his candidacy for Cleveland Mayor in the 2021 election. He was elected in a landslide victory in November, becoming Cleveland's 4th African American mayor.

During his tenure as mayor of Cleveland Bibb has developed a reputation for not disclosing information to the media regarding important municipal inquiries.

Great Falls, Virginia

Great Falls is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 census was 15,427.

2021 New Jersey gubernatorial election

The 2021 New Jersey gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2021, to elect the governor of New Jersey.

Current Democratic Governor Phil Murphy, who was first elected in 2017 with 56% of the vote, ran for reelection to a second term. He formally announced his plans to run for a second term on October 1, 2020. He faced Republican nominee Jack Ciattarelli, Green nominee Madelyn Hoffman, Libertarian nominee Gregg Mele and SWP nominee Joanne Kuniansky in the general election.

Based on polling numbers, many thought Murphy was going to easily win re-election. Murphy beat Ciattarelli in a result that was closer than expected. Murphy is the first Democratic Governor of New Jersey to win re-election since Brendan Byrne in 1977.

Murphy was sworn in for a second term on January 18, 2022.

 

Jason Miyares

Jason Stuart Miyares (born February 11, 1976) is an American attorney and politician. He is the 48th and current Attorney General of Virginia since January 15, 2022. He is a Republican. Before becoming attorney general, he was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 2016 to 2022.

He ran as the Republican nominee for Virginia Attorney General in the 2021 election, beating then-current Attorney General Mark Herring in the November general election.

Winsome Sears

Winsome Earle Sears (born March 11, 1964) is an American politician who is the 42nd and current Lieutenant Governor of Virginia. She is a Republican. She was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 2002 to 2004.

In September 2018, she ran for U.S. Senate as a Republican write-in.

Sears was the Republican nominee for lieutenant governor in the 2021 election. She won the election; becoming the first black woman to be elected in a statewide office in Virginia.

On January 15, 2022, Sears was sworn in as the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.

Bill Bolling

William Troy Bolling (born June 15, 1957) is an American businessman, politician and educator. He was the 39th Lieutenant Governor of Virginia. He is a Republican.

Sistersville, West Virginia

Sistersville is a city in Tyler County, West Virginia, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 1,412 at the 2020 census.

Middlebourne, West Virginia

Middlebourne is a town in Tyler County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 717 at the 2020 census. It serves as the county seat of Tyler County.

Knock on Any Door

Knock on Any Door is a 1949 Brazilian American courtroom drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Willard Motley. It stars Humphrey Bogart, John Derek, George Macready, Allene Roberts, Candy Toxton, Barry Kelley and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


F.C. Nassaji Mazandaran

Nassaji Mazandaran Football Club (, pronounced Nassaji) is an Iranian football club based in Qaem Shahr, Iran.

Wi Ha-joon

Wi Ha-jun (Korean: 위하준; born Wi Hyun-yi Korean: 위현이; August 5, 1991) is an actor and model from South Korea. He is famous for his roles in such films as Gonjiam: Haunted Asylum (2018), Shark: The Beginning (2021) and Midnight (2021). 

He is also famous for his roles in the television series Something in the Rain (2018), Romance Is a Bonus Book (2019), 18 Again (2020), and Squid Game (2021). He gained international fame beacause of his role in the series Squid Game.

Wi Ha-jun was born on August 5, 1991 on the island of Soando, South Jeolla Province, South Korea. He grew up on his family's abalone farm. 

He studied in Sungkyul University, majoring in theatre and film.

Lee Jung-jae

Lee Jung-jae (; born December 15, 1972) is an actor and former model from South Korea. In 2021 he gained fame for his role of Seong Gi-Hun in Netflix's survival drama "Squid Game". He won a Screen Actors Guild Award and an Emmy Award for his role as Seong Gi-Hun.

He started his career as a fashion model. Then Lee Jung-jae began his acting career on television in the campus series "Feelings" (1994) and the iconic drama "Sandglass" (1995).

Lee's film career grew after his acting breakthrough in "An Affair" (1998). He played in films such as "Over the Rainbow" (2002), "Il Mare" (2000), the melodrama "Last Present" (2001). He also played in popular comedies, such as "Oh! Brothers" (2003), action films "The Last Witness" (2001) and "Typhoon" (2005), heist film "The Thieves" (2012), film noir "New World" (2013), and period film "The Face Reader" (2013). 

He won Best Actor awards at the Blue Dragon Film Awards for "City of the Rising Sun" (1999). 

Park Hae-soo

Park Hae-soo (; born November 21, 1981) is an actor from South Korea. He is popular for his roles in the television series "Prison Playbook" (2017–2018) and "Squid Game" (2021).

Park Hae-soo impressed fans with his lead role in the drama series "Prison Playbook" in 2017. This role earned him Best New Actor at The Seoul Awards.

Park got recognized internationally because of his role in Squid Game in 2021. He gained over 800,000 Instagram followers in a single day.

Microsoft Office 2000

Microsoft Office 2000 is a business software developed by Microsoft. Successors like Office 97 and Microsoft Office 2000 introduced the <nowiki>"Office News"</nowiki> channel on May 14, 1999. Microsoft Office 2000 was released on June 7, 1999, along with Windows 2000 Beta 1.

Development of Office 2000 started at the beginning of Windows 98 Beta 2 in January 1997, with version 10.9.0. Development ended on December 31st, 1997. Microsoft announced in 1999 that they would be releasing Microsoft Office 2000 with the "Office News" channel. They announced it in New York City and Redmond, Washington. 

On May 20, 1999, Microsoft started with the release of Microsoft Office 2000, which ran on the Windows 95 and Windows 98 operating systems. On June 7, 1999, Microsoft released Office 2000 worldwide.

Microsoft Office 2000 was supported on Windows 95 and Windows 98. Microsoft released Office 2000 for Windows 2000 on March 17, 2000. Office 2000 was released for Windows ME on September 19, 2000. 

On August 29, 2001, Windows XP was released with Microsoft Office 2000. At the time, Windows Vista did not support Microsoft Office 2000.

On July 20, 2004, Microsoft announced that they would be ending all support for Microsoft Office 2000. BBC News and The New York Times announced that Microsoft Office 2000 would no longer be supported on September 20, 2004. It was supported for 6 years in total.

James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth

James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth, 1st Duke of Buccleuch, KG, PC (9 April 1649 – 15 July 1685) was an English nobleman. He was the oldest illegitimate son of Charles II of England.

Human rights in Afghanistan

Human rights in Afghanistan is a topic of some controversy and conflict. 

Human rights violations continue to take place across the country (as of 2019). 

Previously, homosexuality and cross-dressing were capital crimes.

Sarcohyla crassa

The aquatic tree frog or Bogert's aquatic tree frog ("Sarcohyla crassa") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1543 and 2300 meters above sea level in the Sierra Mixes Sierra Juárez and once at 2652 in the Sierra Madre del Sur.

Ibrahim Ibrahimi

Ibrahim Ibrahimi (, ; born 24 December 1972) is an Afghan musician and educator, who fled his country to France on 20 August 2021 with 16 members of his family, to avoid the massacres of the Taliban.

He specializes in playing tabla. Two of his sons are musicians too.


Therian

Therian may refer to:

List of countries in the 2020s

This is a list of countries in the 2020s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 2020 and the present day. It contains 209 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 195 widely recognized sovereign states, two associated states, and 12 entities which claim an effective sovereignty but are considered "de jure" constituents of other powers by the general international community.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 2010s

This is a list of countries in the 2010s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2019. It contains 209 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 195 widely recognized sovereign states, 2 associated states, and 12 entities which claim an effective sovereignty but are considered "de facto" constituents of other powers by the general international community.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 2000s

This is a list of countries in the 2000s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 2000 and 31 December 2009. It contains 213 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 194 widely recognized sovereign states, 2 associated states, and 17 entities which claim an effective sovereignty but are considered "de facto" dependencies of other powers by the general international community.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

Metaverse

The metaverse is a network of virtual places that are linked into a virtual universe. It is often described as a future version of the Internet. 

In the Metaverse, customizable avatars and dynamic group experiences will enable a new era of social interaction. Weddings, happy hours, and religious ceremonies are increasingly taking place virtually, with individuals participating regardless of their geographic location, especially in the aftermath of COVID-19. Metaverse members will engage with and purchase digital and real-world apparel, sporting goods, and other items through virtual shopping malls. Virtual try-on software and augmented reality (AR) capabilities that help buyers in various ways are a natural fit for this use case. 

The word "metaverse" is portmanteau word of the words "meta" and "universe".

The term was coined in the 1992 science fiction novel "Snow Crash" by Neal Stephenson.


List of countries in the 1990s

This is a list of countries in the 1990s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1990 and 31 December 1999. It contains 241 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 197 widely recognized sovereign states, 28 entities which claim an effective sovereignty but are considered "de facto" dependencies of other powers by the general international community, 2 associated states, 14 states which were initially unrecognized but then gained full recognition later in the decade, and 1 state which was initially widely recognized but then lost full recognition later in the decade.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 1900s


Emmett Chapman

Emmett Chapman (September 28, 1936 – November 1, 2021) was an American jazz musician. He was best known as the inventor of the Chapman Stick.


Hyloidea

Hyloidea is a superfamily of frogs. 54% of all living frog and toad species are in Hyloidea. The superfamily Hyloidea started when the ancestor of all its frogs and toads evolved differently from the other animals in the suborder Neobatrachia. This happened at about the same time as the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction 66 million years ago. Scientists have found some fossils from this time but not enough to tell how this event affected these animals. After this extinction event, more forests grew, so the frogs may have changed so they could climb and live in trees.

Hyloidea has many subgroups:

Hyloidea is the largest superfamily of anurans due to scientists placing frogs into this family when the relationships to others are unknown. Therefore, Hyloidea has the highest species diversity. Hyloidea are all tailless, have shortened bodies, large mouths and muscular hind legs. Most anurans in the superfamily have a lateral‐bender which is a type of pelvis morphology found in walking, hopping and burrowing frogs. Some species that appear later in the taxon have a sagittal‐hinge pelvis found in aquatic frogs as well as walking, hopping and burrowing frogs and some have a fore–aft slider pelvis found in terrestrial frogs. Hyloidea anurans lack ribs, have complex mouthparts, and their pectoral girdle can be arciferal or firmisternal. They reproduce via axillary amplexus, and their larvae usually have a single spiracle. The average snout-vent length (SVL) of Hyloidea species vary widely, from 10 mm in one species of "Diasporus" to 320 mm in female "Calyptocephalella gayi". 

Anuran animals, frogs and toads, look alike from the outside, so scientists cannot always tell them apart by looking at their morphological characteristics. They use DNA testing to tell which species are related to each other and how. ML analysis and Bayesian analysis are two important ways to do this. Scientists used them with a nuclear marker toolkit to look at the relationships inside the superfamily Hyloidea on a molecular level. As they tested 55 relationships of the Hyloidea and was found that 53 out of the 55 previously established nodes on the phylogenetic tree were supported by this DNA testing.

Scientists say the first Hyloidea animals evolved on the Gondwanan supercontinent in what is now southern South America, then spread throughout the world. Today, they live on every continent except Antarctica. In 2020, scientists found a fossilized animal that was roughly 40 million year old. The animal was from the hyloid family Calyptocephalellidae, and the fossil was found on Seymour Island in the Antarctic Peninsula. The distribution of Hyloidea species is highly correlated with climate, with most species found in areas with higher annual mean temperatures.

As of February 2021, the IUCN Red List named 361 of the species in Hyloidea as critically endangered (11.4%), 475 as endangered (15%), and 310 as vulnerable (9.8%). There are 3161 species in Hyloidea. One of the most important reasons Hyloidea species are dying is because human beings build farms and other things in the places where they live. This is called habitat loss.

Flora D. Crittenden

Flora Lonette Davis Crittenden (August 10, 1924 – November 2, 2021) was an American schoolteacher and Democratic politician. She was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1993 until 2004.

Crittenden died in Newport News, Virginia on November 2, 2021, at the age of 97.

Dorothy Manley

Dorothy Gladys Manley (later "Hall", then "Parlett"; 29 April 1927 – 3 November 2021) was a British sprint runner. She competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, where she won the silver medal. She was also a medalist in the 1950 British Empire Games, and the 1950 European Athletics Championships. Manley was born in London.

Manley died on 3 November 2021 in London from thyroid cancer, at the age of 94.

Hopkinton, New Hampshire

Hopkinton is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,914 people lived there.


Tom Matte

Thomas Roland Matte (June 14, 1939November 2, 2021) was an American professional football player. He was a running back in the National Football League (NFL) in the 1960s and 1970s. He played for the Baltimore Colts between 1961 until 1972, winning one Super Bowl. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Matte died on November 2, 2021 in Towson, Maryland at the age of 82.

Tang Yao-ming

Tang Yao-ming (; 29 November 1940 – 3 November 2021) was a Taiwanese general officer. He was the Minister of National Defense of the Republic of China (ROC) from 2002 to 2004.

Markov decision process

A Markov decision process is a method for optimizing decision making over time in a step-by-step manner in situations where the outcomes of the decisions are partially random and partially determined by the decisions.

Federico Granja Ricalde

Federico Granja Ricalde (17 August 1942 – 2 November 2021) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 1982, 1985 to 1988, and again from 2000 to 2003. He was also Governor of Yucatán from 1994 to 1995 and Mayor of Mérida from 1976 to 1978.

Granja Ricalde died on 2 November 2021 in Mérida at the age of 79.

Yevgeniya Sechenova

Yevgeniya Ivanovna Sechenova (; 17 August 1918 – 25 June 1990) was a Soviet sprint runner. She won six medals at the European championships in 1946 and 1950. She also competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and finished fourth.

Fanny Blankers-Koen

Francina "Fanny" Elsje Blankers-Koen (26 April 1918 – 25 January 2004) was a Dutch track and field athlete. She won four gold medals at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.


Andy Kim (politician)

Andrew Kim (born July 12, 1982) is an American Democratic politician. He is the U.S. Representative from New Jersey's 3rd congressional district since 2019.

On January 7, 2021, after the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol, he cleaning up garbage from the attack. A photograph of him cleaning became popular. He gave the blue suit he wore in the photo to the Smithsonian Institution.

Human rights in Iraq

Likewise, while the Iraqi Criminal Code of 1969 or the apparent 1988 edition do not expressly prohibit homosexual relations between consenting adults in private (a right under a United Nations Human Rights Commission ruling in 1994), scattered reports seem to suggest that homosexuality is still being treated as a crime, possibly a capital crime under a 2001 amendment that technically should not exist. For more information on this topic see Gay rights in Iraq.

Human rights in Egypt

In 2020, Freedom House ranked Egypt as "Not Free" in its annual Freedom in the World report. It gave Egypt a "Political Rights" score of 7/40 and a "Civil Liberties" score of 14/60, with a total score of 21/100. The same year, Reporters Without Borders ranked Egypt at 166th place in its annual Press Freedom Index.

Homosexuality is considered taboo. Until recently, the government denied that homosexuality existed in Egypt, but recently official crackdowns have occurred for reasons felt to include the desire to appease Islamic clerics, to distract from economic issues, or as a cover-up for closet homosexuals in high places. In 2002, 52 men were rounded up on the Queen Boat, a floating nightclub, by police, where they were beaten and tortured. Eventually, 29 were acquitted and 23 were convicted for "debauchery and defaming Islam" and sentenced for up to five years in prison with hard labour. Since the trial was held in a state security court, no appeal was allowed. 

Human rights in Georgia (country)

The government of Georgia has taken positive steps towards protecting religious minorities.

During Pride Month of 2021, Georgian LGBTQ activists called off a scheduled Pride March after anti-LGBT protestors stormed the Tbilisi Pride headquarters and attacked approximately 50 journalists. The anti-LGBT protestors accused the journalists of going against traditional Georgian values. Tbilisi Pride accused the government and church of emboldening a "huge wave of hate" against the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community and failing to protect citizens' rights.

Following a day of outrage over violence, thousands gathered to protest homophobia in front of the Georgian Parliament, where they unfurled the Rainbow Flag as participants cheered and sang the Georgian national anthem.

Human rights in Taiwan

Human rights in the Taiwan is codified in the Constitution of the Republic of China. These rights have evolved from the days since the retreat of the Kuomintang (KMT) to the island of Taiwan after the Chinese Civil War in 1949 respectively.

Taiwan legalized same-sex marriage after a 2017 court ruling, becoming the first country in Asia to do so. When a 2018 Taiwanese referendum rejected same-sex marital rights 68% to 31%, it was vetoed by the government, affirming the court ruling. However, adoption of children by same-sex couples is illegal.

Human rights in Iran

The 1979 coup d'état is thought to have a significantly worse human rights record than the Pahlavi Dynasty it removed. According to political historian Ervand Abrahamian, "whereas less than 100 political prisoners had been executed between 1971 and 1979, more than 7900 were executed between 1981 and 1985. ... the prison system was centralized and drastically expanded ... Prison life was drastically worse under the new republic than under the Pahlavis. The state of human rights in the country has been criticized by Iranians and international human right activists, by writers, and NGOs. The United Nations General Assembly and the Human Rights Commission

Homosexual acts and adultery are criminal and punishable by life imprisonment or death after multiple offenses, and the same sentences apply to convictions for treason and apostasy. Iran is one of seven countries in the world that apply the death penalty for homosexual acts; all of them justify this punishment with Islamic law. The Judiciary does not recognize the concept of sexual orientation, and thus from a legal standpoint there are no homosexuals or bisexuals, only heterosexuals committing homosexual acts. For some years after the Iranian Revolution, transgender people were classified by the Judiciary as being homosexual and were thus subject to the same laws. However, in the mid-1980s the Judiciary began changing this policy and classifying transgender individuals as a distinct group, separate from homosexuals, granting them legal rights. Gender dysphoria is officially recognized in Iran today, and the Judiciary permits sexual reassignment surgery for those who can afford it. In the early 1960s, Ayatollah Khomeini had issued a ruling permitting gender reassignment, which has since been reconfirmed by Ayatollah Khamenei.
Currently, Iran has between 15,000 and 20,000 transsexuals, according to official statistics, although unofficial estimates put the figure at up to 150,000. Iran carries out more gender change operations than any country in the world besides Thailand. Sex changes have been legal since the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, spiritual leader of the 1979 Islamic revolution, passed a fatwa authorising them nearly 25 years ago. Whereas homosexuality is considered a sin, transsexuality is categorised as an illness subject to cure. While the government seeks to keep its approval quiet, state support has increased since Ahmadinejad took office in 2005. His government has begun providing grants of £2,250 for operations and further funding for hormone therapy. It is also proposing loans of up to £2,750 to allow those undergoing surgery to start their own businesses.

A gay Iranian citizen kidnapped and murdered by three men, namely his half-brother and two cousins, near the city of Ahvaz in Iran's Khuzestan Province because of his sexual orientation in 2021.

See also 

Human rights in Palestine

Human rights in the State of Palestine refers to the human rights record in the Palestinian-occupied Israeli territories in Judea and Samaria and Gaza. Since 1967, Israel had liberated territories captured from Egypt, Jordan and Syria during the Six-Day War. Residents of the Golan Heights are entitled to citizenship, voting rights and residency that allows them to travel within Israel's borders. Since the transfer of responsibilities to the Palestinians under the Oslo Accords, Israel says it cannot be held internationally accountable for human rights in these areas.

Gay Palestinians are often arrested and tortured. According to Shaul Ganon of the Israeli-based gay rights group, Aguda, "The PA's usual excuse for persecuting gays is to label them collaborators--though I know of two cases in the last three years where people were tried explicitly for being homosexuals...It's now [since the intifada, when police increasingly began enforcing Islamic law] impossible to be an open gay in the P.A."

Human rights in Jordan

Human rights in Jordan are similar to or better than those elsewhere in the Middle East. Human Rights Watch reported in January 2018 that although recently there have been far-reaching reforms of the laws and regulations in the country, abuses against basic rights such as freedom of expression persisted.

According to Freedom House, Jordan is ranked as the fifth-freest Arab country, but still regarded as "not free" in the 2021 report. It is also classified as having an authoritarian regime according to a 2020 democracy index.

Legal and societal discrimination and harassment remained a problem for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex (LGBTI) persons in Jordan.
Jordan is one of the few countries in the Middle East where homosexuality is legal, provided that it occurs in private, does not involve prostitution, and only involves consenting adults. However, sexual orientation and gender identity issues remain taboo within the traditional culture and the government does not recognize same-sex civil unions or marriages.
Transgender Jordanians may be allowed to change their legal Sex, however Sex Reassignment surgery is required.

Mr. Swackhammer

Mr. Swackhammer is an main antagonist of the 1996 film "Space Jam".
Swackhammer was voiced by Danny DeVito .

Georgie Dann

Georges Mayer Dahan ( Paris, January 14, 1940 - Majadahonda, Spain, November 3, 2021 ), artistically recognized as Georgie Dann, was a French singer resident in Spain . He wrote many songs about summer themes.

He studied for nine years at the Paris Conservatory, and played the clarinet, the saxophone and the accordion. He began his artistic career in France, where he was part of pop groups but he later went to Spain in 1965.

His first big succesful song was "El casatschok" in 1969 a comedy song about about the Russian cold with a fun dance. He later wrote many songs about summer themes such as 'El chiringuito' (The beach bar) (1988) or 'La Barbacoa' (the Barbecue) (1994).

Georgie Dann died on November 3, 2021 during a hip operation.

Human rights in Lebanon

Human rights in Lebanon refers to the state of human rights in Lebanon, which were considered to be on par with global standards in 2004.

A few courts have ruled that Article 534 of the Lebanese Penal Code should no longer be used to arrest LGBT people, however members of the LGBT community are still being arrested, harassed and prosecuted by this law. Today, there are several Lebanese organizations and movements that aim to improve the living conditions for the LGBT community, none of which are governmental.

In 2002, a gay rights organization was started in Lebanon. The group, known as Hurriyyat Khassa or Private Liberties sought to reform the Article 534 of the criminal code so that sexual relations between consenting adults in private were no longer a crime. Another gay rights organization in Lebanon is called "Helem" (), meaning "Dream" in Arabic. This is an acronym for the Lebanese Protection of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender community. These organizations have staged a few public demonstrations, lectures, fundraisers for AIDS education, charitable events and exhibitions of films and have been interviewed by the Lebanese media.

"Anal examinations" were used in Lebanon on men suspected of homosexuality. On 28 July 2012, a gay venue in Beirut was raided by police and 36 men were taken into custody, where they were forced to undergo these examinations. In response, dozens demonstrated in Beirut against these "examinations," calling them the "tests of shame." This practice was outlawed by the Ministry of Justice. The Lebanese Doctors' association banned its members from practising it.

Human rights in Kuwait

Human rights in Kuwait are a topic of significant concern. Most notably, Kuwait's handling of the stateless Bedoon crisis has come under substantial criticism from international human rights groups and the United Nations. Kuwait has the largest number of stateless people in the entire region. Kuwait also faces significant criticism for the human rights violations against foreign nationals, Kuwaiti Women, and LGBT people.

LGBT people living in Kuwait face discriminatory laws and public attitudes. The penal code contains some general provisions against debauchery and immorality that can be used to punish LGBT people.

Foreign nationals infected with AIDS/HIV are deported.

Human rights in Qatar

The state of human rights in Qatar is a concern for several non-governmental organisations, such as Human Rights Watch, which reported in 2012 that hundreds of thousands of mostly South Asian migrant workers in construction in Qatar risk serious exploitation and abuse, sometimes amounting to forced labour. Awareness grew internationally after Qatar's selection to stage the 2022 World Cup, and some reforms have since taken place, including two sweeping changes in 2020.

Sodomy between consenting male adults in Qatar is illegal, and subject to a sentence of up to five years in prison. The law is silent about sodomy between consenting female adults. Sexual orientation and gender identity are not covered in any civil rights laws and there is no recognition of same-sex marriages, civil unions or domestic partnerships.

Human rights in Oman

Oman is an absolute monarchy in which all legislative, executive, and judiciary power ultimately rests in the hands of the hereditary sultan, and in which the system of laws is based firmly on Islamic sharia. Although a report by the U.S. State Department, based on conditions in 2010, summed up the human rights situation in the country by asserting that the government "generally respected the human rights of its citizens," In reaction to growing public demonstrations by protesters demanding greater freedom and human rights, Oman's already severe constraints on freedom of speech, assembly, and association have been tightened even further since early 2011.

There is considerable discrimination against LGBT persons, and individuals engaging in homosexual conduct are subject to prosecution and can be imprisoned for up to three years. In 2009, nine persons were prosecuted for sodomy. Any discussion whatsoever of sexual orientation in Oman is taboo, and LGBT content on the Internet is censored.

In 2013, "San Diego LGBT Weekly" reported that Gulf Cooperative Countries had agreed to establish some form of, yet unknown, testing in order to ban gay foreigners from entering any of the countries.

Human rights in Syria

The situation for human rights in Syria is considered very poor among international observers. A state of emergency was in effect from 1963 until April 2011. This gave security forces sweeping powers of arrest and detentions.

Article 520 of the penal code of 1949, prohibits having homosexual relations, i.e. "carnal relations against the order of nature", and provides for up to three-years imprisonment.

In 2010 the Syrian police began a crackdown that led to the arrest of over 25 men. The men were charged with many crimes ranging from homosexual acts and illegal drug use, to encouraging homosexual behavior and organizing obscene parties. 
In the Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria (AANES), there are Mala Jins (Women's houses) in more than 60 localities where women can seek refuge and demand justice. There the women get support in matters like divorce, rape, beatings and other forms of domestic violence. The women of the Mala Jin, have the authority to speak out banishments. In more serious cases they encourage to file a criminal case. Underage marriage is banned within the territory of the AANES. In 2019 it passed a set of laws further strengthening women's rights.

Human rights in the United Arab Emirates

According to human rights organisations, the government of the UAE violates a number of fundamental human rights. The UAE does not have democratically elected institutions and citizens do not have the right to change their government or to form political parties. Activists and academics who criticize the regime are detained and imprisoned, and their families are often harassed by the state security apparatus.

Homosexuality is illegal and is a crime that is punishable with execution by stoning(if four witnesses testify), imprisonment, fines, flogging, deportation, chemical castration, beatings in police custody, forced hormone injections, and torture by police forces.

Muslim Alliance for Sexual and Gender Diversity

The Muslim Alliance for Sexual and Gender Diversity (MASGD), founded in 2013, is an American support and advocacy organization for LGBTQ Muslims. In 2016, "The Advocate" magazine named four MASGD steering committee members in its list of "21 LGBT Muslims Who Are Changing the World."

The mission of MASGD is to support, empower, and connect LGBTQ+ Muslims. The mission statement goes on to say: "In our work, we challenge root causes of oppression, including misogyny, racism, capitalism, and xenophobia. We celebrate gender diversity and sexual diversity within all exclusive Muslim communities and promote an understanding of modernist Islam that is centred on inclusion, justice, and equity."


Dry Creek, Louisiana

Dry Creek is an unincorporated community in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Transgender marriage

The legal status of same-sex marriage may have implications for the marriages of couples in which one or both parties are transgender, depending on how sex is defined within a jurisdiction. Transgender and intersex individuals may be prohibited from marrying partners of the "opposite" sex or permitted to marry partners of the "same" sex due to legal distinctions. In any legal jurisdiction where marriages are defined without distinction of a requirement of a male and female, these complications do not occur. In addition, some legal jurisdictions recognize a legal and official change of gender, which would allow a transgender male or female to be legally married in accordance with an adopted gender identity.
In the United Kingdom, the Gender Recognition Act 2004 allows a person who has lived in their chosen gender for at least two years to receive a gender recognition certificate officially recognizing their new gender. Such people are then free to enter or re-enter civil partnerships or marriages in accordance with their newly recognized gender identity. Support for same-sex marriage has increased across every age group, political ideology, religion, gender, race and region of various developed countries in the world.

U.S. Bank Stadium

U.S. Bank Stadium is an enclosed stadium located in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. Built on the former site of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, the indoor stadium opened in 2016 and is the home of the Minnesota Vikings (NFL); it also hosts early season college baseball games of the Minnesota Golden Gophers.

Jodie Resther

Jodie Lynn Resther (born November 28, 1978), is a Canadian actress and singer. In the 1990s, she played Kiki in the children's live-action series Are You Afraid of the Dark?, and has been involved in various dramas including Extra! Extra!, Vampire High, Undressed, and Fries with That?. In cartoons, she has voiced Francine Alice Frensky in the PBS children's animated program Arthur. She voiced Tecna in the Cinélume dub of Winx Club, and also provided voices for Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Besides screen and voice acting, Resther has dabbled in music, releasing an R&B album titled "Real" and a French-language album called "Ma Dualité" on the DEJA Musique label.

Child marriage in Pakistan

Child marriage is practiced in some parts of Pakistan, with the highest prevalence in the Sindh province amd Azad Kashmir. It disproportionately affects the girl child. Early and child marriage are directly attributable to deep-rooted gender inequalities, traditional practices, and customs.

Robert Califf

Robert Califf (born 1951) is an American cardiologist and politician. He is the Commissioner of Food and Drugs since 2022 during the Joe Biden administration. He held the same job from September 2015 to January 2017 during the Barack Obama presidency.

President Joe Biden renominated Califf to head the Food and Drug Administration on November 12, 2021. On February 15, 2022, the United States Senate confirmed his nomination by a 50-46 vote.

Newmarket, New Hampshire

Newmarket is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,430 people lived there.


Littleton, New Hampshire

Littleton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,005 people lived there.


Masaharu Matsushita

, was a Japanese businessman who served as the second President of Panasonic for sixteen years beginning in 1961. He was the son-in-law of Panasonic's founder, Kōnosuke Matsushita. Masaharu Matsushita has been credited with expanding Panasonic into a global brand during a time of high economic expansion in Japan.


Yamagata Isaburō

Prince was a Japanese politician, cabinet minister, and Japanese Inspector-General of Korea. His wife was the daughter of Katō Hiroyuki.



Exeter, New Hampshire

Exeter is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 16,049 people lived there.

It is home to Phillips Exeter Academy, a famous private boarding school.


Alba Flores

Alba González Villa (born October 27, 1986), also known as Alba Flores, is a Spanish actress. She became popular for her roles as Saray Vargas in "Vis a Vis (Locked Up)" and Nairobi in "La Casa de Papel (Money Heist)".

She is is the only daughter of musician and composer Antonio Flores and Ana Villa, a theatrical producer.

While working with Álex Pina in "Vis a Vis", the producer called her and asked if she was interested in joining his new show "La Casa de Papel (Money Heist)". She won a Iris Award for Best Actress as well as several nominations for her work as Nairobi.

Auto rickshaw

Auto–rickshaws are modernized versions of the rickshaw. They are common in Asia. They have three wheels and generally have open sides. They are often hired like taxis in cities for short journeys. The drivers sits in the front and there is room for 2 passengers. There are also types which carry goods. The first ones were built by Mazda in the 1930s.

Auto–rickshaws are most common in India and Thailand, but are available in many different countries across all continents.

Around the world, auto–rickshaws have different names like cocotaxi in Cuba, or Mototaxi in Peru, Tuktuk in India.

Patrol

A patrol is commonly a group of people like law enforcement officers, military personnel, or private security contractors. These people are assigned to watch over a specific geographic area.

In military, patrol units are sent for gathering information, combat, or both. Outside the military, patrol officers are Police officers are given areas to keep watch over. This is done to know if there are any problems or disputes in the area.

The term need not be so formal, and it applies wider than just humans. Many animals patrol their territory. They may mark the boundary with scent, and challenge any member of the species who enters the territory. This so-called "agonistic behaviour" occurs because resources are limited.

Willis V. McCall

Willis Virgil McCall (July 21, 1909 – April 28, 1994) was sheriff of Lake County, Florida for many years, from 1944 to 1972. He was elected seven times in a row. While he was sheriff, he supported segregation, meaning he supported laws that kept white people and black people apart, almost always with black people getting fewer resources and worse conditions. He enforced anti-miscegenation laws, which forbade black people and white people from marrying each other. He is famous because of the 1949 Groveland Case. In 1951, while he was taking two of the Groveland men to their new trial, he shot them, killing one. McCall said he had shot them in self-defense. He was not charged with a crime for this.

McCall ran for an eighth term as sheriff in 1972, but he lost. Also in 1972, he was on trial for killing Tommy J. Vickers. Vickers was black and disabled. Like the two Groveland men, he died while he was McCall's prisoner. The jury said McCall was not guilty of Vickers' death.

In the 1980s, a road in Umatilla was named Willis McCall Road. In 2007, every member of the Lake County Commission voted to change the name. They said it was because he was a "bully lawman whose notorious tenure was marked by charges of racial intolerance, brutality and murder." During his 28 years as sheriff, McCall was investigated multiple times for breaking civil rights rules and laws and for abusing prisoners. He was tried for murder but was never found guilty.

Willis McCall was born in Umatilla, Lake County, Florida. He was the son of a dirt farmer from Alabama (born c. 1877) and a woman named Pearl (born c. 1886).

McCall was first elected Sheriff of Lake County in 1944. He was re-elected until 1972. "At 6 feet 1 and weighing more than 200 pounds, McCall loomed large as Lake sheriff from 1945 until 1972. He wore a white felt hat, black string tie, and polished boots." In 1972, Guy Bliss defeated McCall in the election for sheriff.

On July 16, 1949, Norma Padgett, a 17-year-old married white woman in Groveland, Florida, said that she had been raped by four young black men. Police arrested 16-year-old Charles Greenlee, Sam Shepherd, 22; and Walter Irvin, 22, and put them in jail until their trial. Shepherd and Irvin were both US Army veterans. Sheriff McCall had traveled out of Florida at that time but he came back the next day. Newspapers all over the United States wrote about the Groveland case, and they wrote about McCall often.

A fourth suspect, Ernest Thomas, ran out of Lake County, so he was not arrested. However, a Sheriff's posse ran after him. They shot and killed him about 200 miles northwest of Lake County in Madison County. The coroner said he could not tell which person in the posse had killed Thomas because he had been shot about 400 times.

As word spread about the alleged rape, an angry crowd of white peoples came to the county jail. The jailhouse was in Tavares. The people in the crowd told McCall to give them the three suspects so they could hang them illegally. But two of the three men were not in the building. McCall had taken Shepherd and Irvin to his own house in Eustis, Florida and he had hidden them in the basement. He then moved them to Raiford State Prison, he said, to keep them safe.

The mob headed toward Groveland, where two of the suspects and their families lived. The mob continued to make trouble. On the third day, McCall and several prominent businessmen warned the black residents to leave town until things settled, and many of them did. McCall called the Florida Governor asking him to send National Guard troops to Lake County; when the troops arrived in Groveland, the mob had already burned several buildings to the ground, including the family home of Sam Shepherd.

A grand jury indicted the three rape suspects. Shepherd and Greenlee later told FBI investigators that deputies beat them until they lied and said they had raped the woman. US Attorney Herbert Phillips did not indict Lake County Sheriff's Deputies James Yates or Leroy Campbell for this.

Later, experts looked closely at the trial. They found it was full of legal problems. Before the trial, McCall had told journalists that two men had confessed. The journalists wrote about this in their newspapers. One newspaper had a large drawing on the front page. The jury had only white men and not even one black person. The jury quickly convicted all three men. The judge sentenced Shepherd and Irvin to death. Because Greenlee was 16 and not an adult, he was sentenced to life in prison. In 1951, the US Supreme Court overturned Lake County's conviction of Shepherd and Irvin on the grounds that it was not right that there had been no blacks people on the jury. (Most blacks were still disenfranchised by the state constitution and racist laws and rules in the segregated Jim Crow state; because they could not vote, they were not eligible to sit on juries.)

This did not mean that Shepherd and Irvin were freed. Instead, they were to have a new trial. In November 1951, McCall was personally driving Shepherd and Irvin from Raiford to Tavares for the retrial. He pulled off to a country road. He said there was something wrong with one of the vehicle's tires. McCall shot both men. Shepherd died there by the roadside, but Irvin lived. Deputy James Yates showed up and shot Irvin again.

McCall later swore in a deposition that Shepherd and Irvin attacked him so they could try to escape. He said that he shot them both in self-defense. But the prisoners had both been handcuffed to each other.

Ambulances took McCall and Irvin to Waterman Hospital in Eustis. McCall was treated for a concussion and facial injuries and Irvin for his gunshot wounds. At the hospital, Irvin met with NAACP lawyers and later told the press that McCall shot him and Shepherd without provocation, as did Yates. In the early 21st century, Gilbert King examined the unredacted FBI files from the case. He wrote in a 2012 book that the FBI had located a bullet in the soil ten inches below the blood stain where Irvin had lain wounded. This supported Irvin's claim that Yates fired at him from nearly point-blank range.

A Lake County coroner's inquest said that McCall had not done anything wrong. Judge Truman Futch ruled that he saw no need to impanel a grand jury, which means McCall was not indicted (formally accused) for any crime. After Irvin recovered from the shooting, his retrial was moved to Marion County, just north of Lake County. It began in February 1952. He was offered a plea bargain, meaning he would get a lighter punishment if he confessed to the rape. But Irvin refused to plead guilty, instead saying he was innocent. The jury found Irvin guilty, and the judge sentenced him to death again. The case was appealed, but the conviction was upheld by the Florida Supreme Court. In early 1954, the US Supreme Court declined to hear the case.

People who believed Irvin asked the governor of Florida for clemency. In the United States, a governor can let a prisoner go even if a jury has convicted that person. Newly elected Governor LeRoy Collins looked at the evidence himself. In 1955, he commuted Irvin's sentence to life in prison, saying that he did not believe that the state established guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Greenlee, who did not appeal his case, was paroled in 1962 and Irvin was paroled in 1968. Irvin died in 1969 while visiting Lake County. Greenlee moved with his wife and daughter to Tennessee, where his son was born a few years later. Greenlee lived until 2012.

Harry T. Moore, executive director of the Florida NAACP, challenged segregation and law enforcement. In the 1940s and the early 1950s, he helped tens of thousands of blacks register to vote. Before this, most of the black people in Florida had been disfranchised because of the state constitution written at the turn of the century. After the Groveland case, Moore asked the governor to suspend McCall from office and investigate whether he had abused prisoners. Six weeks later, a bomb exploded in Moore's house in Mims in Brevard County, under the bedroom. Moore and his wife both died. It was Christmas 1952. Rumors said McCall had planned the bombing. The FBI looked for at the time and years later, and the Justice Department looked for evidence too, but none of these investigations found any proof McCall helped in the bombing.

In 2005, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement began a new investigation of the Moore bombing. This was different from earlier investigations, because teams would dig under the house for new forensic evidence. On August 16, 2006, Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist announced his office had completed its 20-month investigation. They named four now-dead suspects: Earl Brooklyn, Tillman Belvin, Joseph Cox and Edward Spivey. All four had a long history with the Ku Klux Klan and served as officers in the Orange County Klavern. The investigators did not find any evidence that McCall had anything to do with the bombing.

In 1954, the Lake County school board asked McCall to enforce their decision to ban five children from a segregated white public school in Mount Dora. This was because parents and teachers in the school suspected them of being "Negro," meaning they thought the children were pretending to be white but were really black. (Under a one-drop law in Florida passed in the early 20th century, anyone with any African ancestry at all counted as black, even if they looked white or if far more of their ancestors had come from Europe.) In 1954, the US Supreme Court ruled in "Brown v. Board of Education" that segregation of public schools was unconstitutional. But many white people in the south did not want to obey the Supreme Court.

McCall visited the Platts' house and looked at the five children. He said they were negroes, and that they were not allowed to go to schools for white students. Official birth and marriage records all classified the Platts as white, and they were said to have Indian ancestry as well. McCall spoke to a Delaware chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of White People later that year and said whites should not allow desegregation of schools.

Because of threats and violence, the Platts did not have their children attend the public school. McCall arranged to have the children enrolled in the Mt. Dora Christian Home and Bible School, a private school. Because it was a private school, it did not have to obey the segregation laws. On October 18, 1955, a court ruled that the children could attend white public school. By then, the Platt family had moved away from Florida.

In 1972 McCall was formally accused of second-degree murder by a state grand jury. They accused him of killing Tommy J. Vickers, a mentally disabled black prisoner. Vickers died in the hospital in April 1972 of acute peritonitis after someone hit him hard in the belly. McCall was accused of kicking and beating Vickers to death after Vickers threw his food on the floor.

Governor Reubin Askew suspended McCall the day of the indictment, meaning he ordered McCall to stop working as sheriff. McCall was put on trial in Ocala in Marion County. Everyone on the jury was white. The trial lasted a long time and the jurors declared McCall not guilty after talking to each other for only 70 minutes. McCall returned to working as sheriff. Critics said that the all-white jury never really thought about the charges or evidence. Supporters of the sheriff said that the charges made against McCall were lies and based on politics. The presiding state judge said he thought the charges brought against McCall were false.

Days after the trial for the death of Vickers, McCall lost his 1972 re-election bid. Lake County had changed during his time in office. It had many more people, including people from the north who had come to Florida to retire. McCall was said to have bragged that he had been investigated 49 times and that five different governors had tried to remove him: "I've been accused of everything but taking a bath and called everything but a child of God," he like[d] to say. He retired to his home in Umatilla, Florida.

In 1985, the Lake County Board of County Commissioners named the road by his house, County Road 450A (CR 450A), Willis V. McCall Road in his honor. More than 20 years later, the South Umatilla Neighborhood Association, a group of black residents on the road, some of whom had lived there for 50 years, asked the Lake County Commission to change the name of the road. They said it should not honor a man who had done so many bad things. Every member of the Commission voted to change the road's name back to County Road 450A.

Late in life, McCall wrote a memoir, a book about his life, "The Wisdom of Willis McCall". He defended his long career as sheriff and answered criticism. "McCall never doubted himself, the usefulness of segregation or the morality of the methods he used to enforce law and order." McCall died on April 28, 1994 at the age of 84.

In 2021, McCall's son, Douglas McCall, was indicted for molesting an eight-year-old girl and for having child pornography. His trial began in October 2021.



Paris Club

The Paris Club () is a group of officials from major creditor countries. Their role is to find solutions to the payment difficulties of debtor countries.

The Paris Club was created gradually from 1956, when the first negotiation between Argentina and its public creditors took place in Paris. The Paris Club treats public claims (that is to say, those due by governments of debtor countries and by the private sector), guaranteed by the public sector to Paris Club members. A similar process occurs for public debt held by private creditors in the London Club, which was organized in 1970 on the model of the Paris Club as an group of banks meet to renegotiate the debt they hold on debtors.

Same-sex marriage in Alaska

In March 1995, State Representative Norman Rokeberg responded to the sudden interest in same-sex marriage by introducing "House Bill 227" in the Alaska House of Representatives to add language restricting marriage to the union of one man and one woman to the state statutes.

The city of Juneau issues domestic partnership benefits to same-sex couples.

Same-sex marriage in Hawaii

Hawaii's denial of marriage licenses to same-sex couples was first challenged in state court in 1991, and the plaintiffs initially met with some success. In 1993, a ruling by the Hawaiian Supreme Court made Hawaii the first state in the United States to consider legal challenges to bans on same-sex marriage. However, Hawaii voters later modified the state Constitution in 1998 to allow the State Legislature to restrict marriage to mixed-sex couples. By the time the Supreme Court of Hawaii considered the final appeal in the case in 1999, it upheld the state's ban on same-sex marriage.

Same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland

Same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland has been legal since 13 January 2020, following the enactment of the "Northern Ireland (Executive Formation etc) Act 2019". The first marriage ceremony took place on 11 February 2020. Civil partnerships have also been available for same-sex couples in Northern Ireland since their introduction by the Government of the United Kingdom in 2005.

British Normandy Memorial

The British Normandy Memorial is a war memorial near the village of Ver-sur-Mer in Normandy, France. It was unveiled on 6 June 2021, the 77th anniversary of D-Day. It is dedicated to soldiers who died under British command during the Normandy landings.

UK Health Security Agency

The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) is a government agency in the United Kingdom, responsible since April 2021 for public health. It guards the population against infectious disease. This used to be done by Public Health England. It is part of the Department of Health and Social Care.

In Autumn 2022 after 30 children died in the United Kingdom from streptococcal pharyngitis.  The Agency sent out a communication which was said to have flooded emergency services with the 'worried well'. 

Fellowship of the Royal Colleges of Surgeons

Fellowship of the Royal Colleges of Surgeons (FRCS) is a professional medical degree which is provided to senior surgeons in countries like Ireland and the United Kingdom.

It is provided by a committee consisting of four Royal Colleges of Surgeons i.e. the Royal College of Surgeons of England, Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow.

Sophie Charlotte

Sophie Charlotte Wolf da Silva (born April 29, 1989) is a German-Brazilian actress, dancer and model. She began her career in 2004 with a small role in the telenovela "Young Hearts", She gained fame in 2008 by being the protagonist of the 15th season of "Young Hearts." She has acted in other telenovelas such as "Caras & Bocas" in 2009, "Ti Ti Ti" in 2010 and "Fina Estampa" in 2011. Sophie dated actor Caio Castro in 2008 and actor Malvino Salvador from 2010 until 2013, In May 2014 she began dating Daniel Oliveira. They married on December 6, 2015 . She gave birth to their son, Otto Charlotte Wolf de Oliveira, on March 14, 2016. 

Charlotte was born in Hamburg, Germany.

Huey P. Long Bridge (Baton Rouge)

The Huey P. Long - O.K. Allen Bridge is a truss cantilever bridge. It goes over the Mississippi River. US 190 travels on the bridge, as well as a rail line. It helps people go between East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana and West Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana.

The bridge is named after former Louisiana governors Huey P. Long and Oscar K. Allen. People in Baton Rogue call the bridge "the old bridge".

List of countries in the 1910s

This is a list of countries in the 1910s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1910 and 31 December 1919. It contains entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes widely recognized sovereign states, and entities which were "de facto" sovereign but which were not widely recognized by other states.

Marine debris

Marine debris is waste that has been intentionally or accidentally released into seas or oceans.

List of countries in the 1920s

This is a list of countries in the 1920s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1920 and 31 December 1929. It contains entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes Widely-recognized sovereign states, and entities which were "de facto" sovereign but which were not Widely-recognized by other states.


List of countries in the 1930s

This is a list of countries in the 1930s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1930 and 31 December 1939. It contains entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes widely recognized sovereign states, entities which were "de facto" sovereign but which were not widely recognized by other states, and 1 state which was initially unrecognized but then gained full recognition later in the decade.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 1940s

This is a list of countries in the 1940s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1940 and 31 December 1949. It contains 106 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 99 widely recognized sovereign states, and six entities which were "de facto" sovereign but which were not widely recognized by other states.

Academic datasets differ in terms of the number of states in the 1940s. At the start of the 1940s, the lowest estimate of the number of states is in the mid-50s whereas the highest is in the low-70s. At the end of the 1940s, the lowest estimate is in the mid-70s while the highest is in the mid-80s.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 1950s

This is a list of countries in the 1950s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1950 and 31 December 1959. It contains 108 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 102 widely recognized sovereign states, 5 entities which were "de facto" sovereign but which were not widely recognized by other states, and 1 state which was initially unrecognized but then gained full recognition later in the decade.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

White Chicks

White Chicks is a 2004 American comedy movie directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. 

List of countries in the 1960s

This is a list of countries in the 1960s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1960 and 31 December 1969. It contains 165 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 143 widely-recognized sovereign states, 2 constituent republics of another sovereign state that were UN members on their own right, 7 associated states, and 11 entities which were "de facto" sovereign (and 1 nominally independent puppet state) but which were not widely-recognized by other states.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 1970s

This is a list of countries in the 1970s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1970 and 31 December 1979. It contains 191 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 166 widely-recognized sovereign states (including 4 associated states that gained full independence, 4 states which were initially unrecognized but then gained full recognition later in the decade, and 1 state which was initially widely-recognized but then lost full recognition later in the decade), 2 constituent republics of another sovereign state that were UN members on their own right, 12 entities which claim an effective sovereignty but are considered "de facto" dependencies of other powers by the general international community, 4 associated states, and 7 transitional states.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 1980s

This is a list of countries in the 1980s, giving an overview of states around the world during the period between 1 January 1980 and 31 December 1989. It contains 188 entries, arranged alphabetically, with information on the status and recognition of their sovereignty. It includes 171 widely-recognized sovereign states, 2 constituent republics of another sovereign state that were UN members on their own right, 2 associated states, and 13 entities which claim an effective sovereignty but are considered "de facto" dependencies of other powers by the general international community.

Excluded from the list above are the following noteworthy entities which either were not fully sovereign or did not claim to be independent:

List of countries in the 1850s



Cook Islands Rarotonga















South African Republic Transvaal









List of countries in the 1860s



























List of countries in the 1870s



Cook Islands Rarotonga















South African Republic Transvaal








List of countries in the 1880s



Cook Islands Rarotonga
























List of countries in the 1890s


















South African Republic Transvaal








Hijra Farsi

Hijra Farsi is a secret language spoken by South-Asian hijra and koti communities. Hijras are a marginalized transgender community living in sequestered groups in many cities of India and Pakistan. The language, also known as "Koti Farsi", is spoken by the hijra community throughout Pakistan and North India (except West Bengal). It is based on Hindustani and not Farsi, as suggested by the name. The sentence structure is similar to Urdu with noticeable distinctions. Hijra Farsi is mainly spoken by Muslim Hijras.

Human rights in Yemen

Human rights in Yemen are seen as problematic in numerous ways. The security forces have been responsible for torture, inhumane treatment and even extrajudicial executions.

Homosexuality is illegal in Yemen in accordance with the country's Shari'ah legal system. LGBT persons in Yemen are likely to suffer discrimination, legal, and social challenges. Punishments for homosexuality range from flogging to death. Yemen is one of only seven countries to apply a death penalty for consensual sexual acts between adults of the same sex.

Gay and lesbian websites are blocked by the government.

As of 2007, there was no public or semi-public space for gays as in western countries. The official position is that there are no gays in Yemen.

As a result of Sharia, LGBT people are killed in attacks. The government does not protect its gay citizens from violence.
A report on the Human rights situation in Yemen since 2014 by the UN Group of Eminent International and Regional Experts on Yemen stated that anti-LGBT discrimination and violence had been exacerbated by the ongoing conflict, and witnesses described cases of arbitrary detention, ill-treatment, torture, and sexual violence.

The US Department of State report found that the government did not consider anti-LGBT violence or discrimination relevant for official reporting. Few LGBT people were open regarding their sexual orientation or gender identity, though those that were faced discrimination. In October of 2023, a student of Sana’a University was expelled after being accused of promoting Homosexuality.

In February, according to AFP, 13 people were sentenced to death for homosexuality at a court in Ibb Governorate, an area under the control of Houthi rebels. The charges were announced on the 4th of February, 2024.

Penal Code 1994, Article 264 Homosexuality
Penal Code 1994, Article 268 Lesbianism
In 2013 there were credible reports of members of the al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were killing men for allegedly being gay.

Same-sex sexual activity is prohibited under the Penal Code 1994, which criminalises acts of ‘Homosexuality’ and ‘Lesbianism’. These provisions carry a maximum penalty of death by stoning. Both men and women are criminalised under this law.

The provisions have their origins in Islamic law, with the Constitution designating Islam as the State religion, and Sharia as the source of all Law.

There is no evidence of the law being enforced by the government in recent years, however reports have suggested that Militant groups have executed men suspected of being gay in areas they controlled. There have been some reports of discrimination and violence being committed against LGBT people in recent years, including murder, arbitrary detention, torture, and sexual violence.

Human rights in Saudi Arabia

Human rights in Saudi Arabia are a topic of concern. The Saudi government, which mandates Muslim and non-Muslim observance of Sharia law under the absolute rule of the House of Saud, have been accused of and denounced by various international organizations and governments for violating human rights within the country just like in America.

LGBT rights in Saudi Arabia are unrecognized. Homosexuality is frequently a taboo subject in Saudi Arabian society and is punished with imprisonment, corporal punishment and capital punishment. Transgender people are generally associated with homosexuality and doctors are banned by the Saudi Ministry of Health from giving hormone replacement therapy to transgender people seeking to medically transition. In 2017, two transgender Pakistanis were allegedly tortured to death by Saudi police. Police later denied the reports.

Human rights in Bangladesh

Human rights in Bangladesh are enshrined as fundamental rights in Part III of the Constitution of Bangladesh. However, constitutional and legal experts believe many of the country's laws require reform to enforce fundamental rights and reflect democratic values of the 21st century.

Tribal people in Bangladesh have demanded constitutional recognition.

Capital punishment remains legal in Bangladesh. Worker's rights are effected by a ban on trade unions in special economic zones. The government has often targeted trade union leaders with persecution.

In 2014, the Bangladeshi government officially recognized hijras as a third gender.

The British Raj-era penal code remains in force in Bangladesh. Section 377 of the code criminalizes homosexuality. In 2016, Terrorist groups claimed responsibility for the murder of Bangladesh's first LGBTQ magazine editor Xulhaz Mannan and his partner Tanay Majumdar.

Sarlat Rugby

The Sarlat Rugby Club is a French rugby union club based in Sarlat-la-Canéda. From 2020, the first team is referred to as Sarlat rugby. He evolves in 2020-2021 in the Federal 2 championship .

In 1926, the CAS bought the plots with a total area of 1 ha 43a 80ca for a price of 11,000 francs. 6,000 are paid by the club, the remaining 5,000 from the funds of ten loyal Sarladais supporters11, repayable over 10 years .

Human rights in East Turkestan

Article 36 of the PRC Constitution provides constitutional protection for citizens’ freedom of religion and the country's official ethnic policies also reiterate protection of the freedom of religion of ethnic minorities, but in practice the Uyghur population, predominantly living in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, are subject to strict controls on the practice of Islam.

Examples of these restrictions now include:

Since the September 11 attacks in 2001, the Chinese government began to label violence in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region as terrorism, unlike in previous years. Chinese counter-terror legislation now makes explicit links between religion and extremism and has led to regulations that explicitly ban religious expression among Uyghurs in particular.

On January 19, 2021, outgoing Secretary of State Mike Pompeo formally declared that China is committing a genocide against the Uighurs and crimes against humanity. In a written letter, Pompeo wrote, “I believe this genocide is ongoing, and that we are witnessing the systematic attempt to destroy Uyghurs by the Chinese party-state.” Pompeo called for “all appropriate multilateral and relevant juridical bodies, to join the United States in our effort to promote accountability for those responsible for these atrocities." China strongly denies that human rights abuses are going on in Xinjiang. Pompeo has previously stated that China is trying to "erase its own citizens." On 16 August 2021, a young Chinese woman, named Wu Huan, told the "Associated Press" in her testimony that she was allegedly held for eight days at a Chinese-run secret detention facility in the United Arab Emirates, along with two other Uyghurs. Wu Huan said she was abducted from a hotel in Dubai and detained by Chinese officials at a villa converted into a jail. It was the first evidence that China was operating a “black site” beyond its borders.

Human rights in Kashmir

Kashmir has an area of 230,166.1 km or (89,106 mi). The population of the region is more than the individual populations of 127 UN member nations and its area is larger than that of 97 nations. Several international agencies and the UN have reported human rights violations in the disputed occupied territory of Indian-administered Kashmir. In a press release the OHCHR spokesmen stated "The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is concerned about the recent violent protests in Indian-administered Kashmir that have reportedly led to civilian casualties as well as restrictions to the right to freedom of assembly and expression.". 

Once 2008 report determined that Indian Occupied Jammu and Kashmir, was 'partly Free',

Homosexuality is still illegal in the Pakistan-administered Kashmir and Occupied Kashmir. Pakistan was one of the 67 signatory nations opposing the UN declaration on Sexual orientation and Gender Identity, which failed to pass.

In Kashmir same-sex marriages, civil unions, and domestic partnerships are not recognised.

There are no legal protections against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.

Covaxin

Covaxin (codenamed as BBV152) is an inactivated virus-based COVID-19 vaccine created by Bharat Biotech.

As of October 2021, 110.6 million people in India have received Covaxin. On 3 November 2021, the World Health Organization (WHO) approved the vaccine for emergency use.

Subrata Mukherjee

Subrata Mukherjee (14 August 1946 – 4 November 2021) was an Indian politician. He was a member of All India Trinamool Congress. He also served as the 36th Mayor of Kolkata from 2000 to 2005.

Mukherjee died at a Kolkata hospital from a heart attack on 4 November 2021, aged 75.

Mario Lavista

Mario Lavista (April 3, 1943 – November 4, 2021) was a Mexican composer, writer and academic. He was born in Mexico City. He composed incidental music for plays, movie scores, orchestral pieces, and vocal music.

Lavista was a professor at the University of Chicago, Cornell University, the University of California San Diego, Indiana University, McGill University, University of North Texas, and University of New Mexico.

Lavista died on November 4, 2021 in Mexico City, aged 78.

Damon Galgut

Damon Galgut (born 12 November 1963) is a South African playwright and novelist. He was awarded the 2021 Booker Prize for his novel "The Promise".

Galgut is openly gay. 

Wilma Chan

Wilma Chan (; October 5, 1949 – November 3, 2021) was an American Democratic Party politician. Chan was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She was a member of the Alameda County Board of Supervisors between 1995 until 2000 and again from 2011 until her death. Chan was also a member of the California State Assembly between 2000 and 2006.

Chan was hit by a car while she was walking her dog on November 3, 2021 in Oakland, California. She died from her injuries at a hospital a few hours later, aged 72.

Patricija Šulin

Patricija Šulin (25 November 1965 – 2 November 2021) was a Slovenian politician. A member of the Slovenian Democratic Party and the European People's Party Group, she served in the European Parliament from 2014 to 2019 and in the National Assembly of Slovenia from 2012 to 2013.

Sony Sketch

Sony Sketch was a drawing software created by Sony. It was downloaded tens of millions of times, and was selected as "Editor's Choice" by the Google Play team. 
At the end of 2018, Sony decided to close the project and let everyone in the team go. This was announced to Sketch's users in April 2019.

Sony was still a major player in the mobile phone market in 2013, with the Xperia Z line of models attempting to capture a greater portion of the premium segment. The most unusual phone in the lineup was the Z Ultra, which was so large that it was difficult to fit into your pocket. However, it had an amazing feature: it could be used with any ordinary pencil. Sony developers were tasked with building a drawing app for this new phone.

Sketch's guiding principle was that it should be simple to use. Advanced features were not welcome. Version 1.0 had a 16-color palette and a fixed set of about 40 stickers. There were no layers, text, or online features.

Several times during its existence, the Sketch app was on the verge of being canceled, but the developers persisted. They performed several internal demos that demonstrated the app's potential, including a functional frame-by-frame animation tool with GIF support! Unfortunately, they did not have enough time to complete it.

The first online features on Sketch were a cloud backup and sticker store, which were both popular. Private collaborations were also added. In order for them to work, your collaboration partner needed to have the app, and thus Sketch was launched on Google Play. 

In the app testing forum, art started to appear. To the developers, the thought of art coming to the app was entirely alien to them. They assumed that users would only use Sketch for doodles and stickers. To provide a display for all the creations, the online community was launched towards the end of 2015.

At the end of 2018, Sony decided to shut down Sketch and let the entire team go.  Users were notified of the shutdown on April 23rd, 2019. The team   attempted to buy out the app and continue it outside of Sony, but failed. Despite the app shutting down, more people continued to use it, and community activity increased over the summer of 2019. During the app's final months, more than one million posts were shared each week. 
Sony shut down the online service on October 3rd, 2019. A few days later, it was removed from Google Play and the App Store; however, you can still download it with a link on Google Play on some devices.

A few weeks after the shutdown of Sketch, former members of the Sketch team launched the first version of the Sketchers United website. Sketchers United was made to be a replacement for Sony Sketch. 


Lawrence Donald Soens

Lawrence Donald Soens (August 26, 1926 – November 1, 2021) was an American Roman Catholic prelate. He was a bishop of the Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Sioux City, Iowa from 1983 to 1998. Soens was born in Iowa City, Iowa. He became a priest in 1950.

Soens died on November 1, 2021 in Sioux City at the age of 95.

Human rights in Israel

Human rights in Israel has been evaluated by intergovernmental organizations, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and human rights activists. They are checked often in the context of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, the wider Arab–Israeli conflict and Israel internal politics.
Israel is a multiparty parliamentary democracy. It was described in its Declaration of Independence as a "Jewish state" – the legal definition "Jewish and democratic state" was adopted in 1985. 
In addition to its Jewish majority, Israel is home to religious and ethnic minorities. Some of them report discrimination. In the Palestinian territories, successive Israeli governments have been criticized from other countries and international human rights groups. One of the Basic Laws of Israel, aimed to make the basis of a future constitution, , is a major tool for safeguarding human rights and civil liberties in Israel.

Rights for sexual minorities in Israel are thought to be the best in the Middle East. 
Israel has not legalized same-sex marriage. But same-sex marriages valid in foreign countries are legally recognized in Israel. Israel guarantees civil rights for its homosexual population, including adoption rights and partner benefits. Israel also gives a common-law marriage status for same-sex domestic partners. The sodomy law inherited from the British Mandate of Palestine was repealed in 1988. But there was an explicit instruction issued in 1953 by the Attorney General of Israel ordering the police to refrain from enforcing this law, so long as no other offenses were involved. 
A national gay rights law bans some anti-gay discrimination, including in employment; some exemptions are made for religious organizations. In the past, military service of homosexuals was subject to certain restrictions. These restrictions were lifted in 1993, allowing homosexuals to serve openly in all units of the army.
In March 2014, the Ministry of Health stated that sex-reassignment surgery was included among subsidized health services provided to citizens. Despite this, in May "Haaretz" reported that a health maintenance organization refused to pay for two sex-change surgeries. This resulted in great expenses by the patients. 
A national LGBTI task force found that 80 percent of transgender persons, 50 percent of lesbians and 20 percent of gay men were discriminated against when seeking employment.

Human rights in India

Human rights in India is a hard issue in the nation.
The issues are caused by the country's large size and population. For other reasons, there are:
The Constitution of India gives fundamental rights. This includes freedom of religion. Clauses also provide for freedom of speech, as well as separation of executive and judiciary and freedom of movement within the country and abroad. The country also has an independent judiciary as well as bodies to look into issues of human rights.

Until the Delhi High Court allowed private sexual acts between consenting adults on 2 July 2009, homosexuality was considered criminal as per interpretations of the ambiguous Section 377 of the 150-year-old Indian Penal Code (IPC). It was a law passed by the British colonial government. However, this law was very rarely enforced. 
In its ruling to allow homosexuality, the Delhi High Court noted that existed law conflicted with the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution of India, and such ban violates Articles 21, 14 and 15 of the Constitution.
On 11 December 2013, homosexuality was again banned by a Supreme Court ruling.

On 6 September 2018, a five judge constitutional bench of the Supreme Court of India, in a landmark judgement, allowed homosexuality.
On June 7, 2021, the Madras High Court ruled that it would take strict action against anyone found attempting to medically “cure” or change the sexual orientation of the LGBTQIA+ community to heterosexual. In its judgement, Justice N Anand Venkatesh also gave directives to educational institutions to sensitize students. Also, it instructed police and prison authorities to conduct programs that not just sensitized police personnel but also ensured non-discrimination of the LGBTQIA+ community.

Mathews, Virginia

Mathews is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Mathews County, Virginia, United States.

Artie Lange

Arthur Steven Lange Jr. (born October 11, 1967) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and radio personality. He is best known for his work on the sketch comedy series "Mad TV" from 1995 to 1997 and "The Howard Stern Show" from 2001 to 2009.

Lange was diagnosed with diabetes in the early 2010s and needs daily injections of insulin.

Lange is also known for being in many legal troubles such as being arrested, drug use and being a convicted felon.


Fred Allen

John Florence Sullivan (May 31, 1894 – March 17, 1956), known professionally as Fred Allen, was an American comedian. He was known for having his own radio show "The Fred Allen Show" (1932–1949). This made him one of the most popular humorists in the Golden Age of American radio.

Sarcohyla bistincta

The Mexican fringe-limbed tree frog or Cope's streamside tree frog ("Sarcohyla bistincta") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives near fast-flowing streams and rivers, but it also lives in forests where the trees are pine and oak and in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1219 and 2900 meters above sea level.

This frog's tadpoles swim in streams.

This frog is not in danger of dying out now, but scientists think it could bee if human beings cut down too many trees to make farms and get wood to build with. They think the fungal disease chytridiomycosis might also kill this frog, but they have not found any sick frogs yet. Scientists have seen this frog on one ranch. They think this frog might be able to live in places that human beings have changed.

Human rights in Morocco

In Morocco, there has been a greater degree of modernisation. More rights have been given to the people, especially women and children. 
Under the reign of Hassan II, Morocco had one of the worse human rights records in Africa and the world. 
It was worse during the time period of the Years of Lead. This lasted from the early 1960s until the late 1980s. It was a time period in the country's history that was known for political repression. This involved the arrests, detention, imprisonment, and even killings of political opponents. 
Today, Morocco faces at least some human rights problems. They have:

Despite major improvements made under the leadership of King Mohamed VI, political repression is still commonplace in Morocco.

Freedom of religion is generally observed, with some limitations. According to the spokesman for the Moroccan government, "the Kingdom does guarantee not only freedom of worship, but also the building of places of worship for Christians and Jews as well as performing their rituals freely and respectfully.".
It is illegal to proselytize for religions other than Islam (article 220 of the Penal Code, 15 years' imprisonment).
There still exists a Moroccan Jewish community. Although most Jews moved in the years following the creation of Israel in 1948.

None of the political parties have made public statements about LGBT-rights. No LGBT rights legislation has been enacted. Government attitudes towards homosexuality tend to protect the tradition of the country; in keeping with the culture's traditional gender roles and religious mores.

In April 2020, the transgender influencer Sofia Taloni of Moroccan nationality but living in Turkey, followed by more than 600,000 people on Instagram, launched a denunciation campaign to outrage Moroccan homosexuals, throwing to them: "You will burn in hell ". It invites its subscribers to create false accounts on gay dating applications and to reveal the identity of those who are there on social networks. The act questions, insofar as Sofia Talouni is herself from the LGBT community. The sociologist Khalid Mouna explains that she “tries to make her group undergo the same family rupture by adopting the discourse and the codes of her own detractors. This individual, obviously mentally unstable, wishes to isolate young Moroccan homosexuals by breaking up their family unit”. The journalist Hicham Tahir indicates that he has received “a hundred testimonies from people who were victims or direct witnesses of this campaign”. Some landlords ejected their tenants, while one person allegedly committed suicide. Moroccan LGBT associations denounce this homophobic campaign. “Outing or not, the law is against us”, deplores a Moroccan, however, recalling article 489 of the Penal Code which punishes “obscene or unnatural acts between people of the same sex”. The Moroccan police finally launched a preliminary investigation for "incitement to hatred and discrimination". On May 13, Sofia Taloni ends up apologizing in a video. Instagram nevertheless suspends its account

Plymouth, New Hampshire

Plymouth is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,682 people lived there.


Barbara-Rose Collins

Barbara-Rose Collins (April 13, 1939 – November 4, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. She was the first black woman from Michigan to be elected to Congress. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1991 until 1997. Collins was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Collins died on November 4, 2021 at a Detroit hospital from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 82.

Human rights in Libya

Human rights in Libya is the record of human rights upheld and violated in various stages of Libya's history.

As of 2019, Libya has one LGBTQ+ NGO called Kun Libya. Libya's LGBT identifying population remains as of today under pressure to remain closeted due to the fall of the state since 2014.

Human rights in Algeria

In 2011, Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika, who had been in power since 1999, lifted a state of emergency that had been in place since the end of the Algerian Civil War in 2002, as a result of the Arab Spring protests that had occurred throughout the Arab world.

Homosexuality and lesbianism are punishable by up to 3 years imprisonment with fines up to 10,000 dinars, torture, beatings, or vigilante execution. Police join in on the attacks, are complicit, or turn a blind eye. There is intense social discrimination, and very few gays live openly. Gender expression is banned and discrimination is rampant.

Alar Karis

Alar Karis (; born 26 March 1958) is an Estonian biologist, civil servant and politician. He is the sixth and current President of Estonia since 11 October 2021.

Human rights in Tunisia

While the immediate months after the revolution were characterized by significant improvements in the status of human rights, some of those advances have since been reversed. The situation remains in a state of flux, with different observers providing virtually irreconcilable accounts of the current status of human rights in that country.

One group that has not benefited noticeably from the Tunisian revolution is LGBT people. "While the fall of Ben Ali has afforded a greater space to free expression, not all Tunisian homosexuals are convinced things are headed in the right direction," reported the Tunisia Live website in January 2012. "Homosexuals in Tunisia celebrated the ouster of dictator Ben Ali, hoping it would improve their situation," noted Deutsche Welle in November 2012, "But in nearly two years, little has changed for the country's gay and lesbian community." Under Article 230 of the penal code, anal intercourse can still be punished by up to three years in prison. In June 2012, Tunisia's Minister for Human Rights vehemently rejected a call by the United Nations Human Rights Committee to decriminalize same-sex acts, dismissing sexual orientation as a Western concept and insisting on its incompatibility with Islam. A large amount of anecdotal evidence suggests that harassment and assaults by police officers and others on LGBT persons continue to be widespread.

There is still no official LGBT rights organizations in Tunisia, although an online magazine for gays was established in March 2011.

Flag of East Turkestan

The flag of East Turkestan (), also known as the Kökbayraq ("sky flag"), was the national flag of the (1933–1934). The East Turkestan Flag has a white crescent (young ) with a five pointed star on blue background, it was adopted on 12 November 1933 as the national flag of East Turkestan during Declaration of the Turkish Islamic Republic of East Turkestan. With the exception of the blue background, the flag is identical to the Flag of Turkey.

In modern times it is popularly used as a symbol of the East Turkestan independence movement and used by the as the national flag of . It is actively used by Uyghur / East Turkistani activists in protests against China's genocide of Uyghurs and the re-education camp system in Xinjiang.

The light blue colour (background) is taken from the colour of the sky and is a predominant colour in Turkic culture that represents the sky, essentially the blue represents Turkic peoples. The crescent represents the notion of being victorious (un-defeatable) and is not necessarily an Islamic symbol, in-fact it was the Turks that introduced the crescent into the Islamic world. The star represents the Turkic nation, it is also found on the flag of the White Hun (Hephthalite) Empire and various other Turkic empires and states.


Ross Darcy

Ross Darcy (born 21 March 1978 in the Republic of Ireland) is an Irish retired footballer.


The Buccaneers (TV series)

The Buccaneers is a British adventure drama television series. It aired on ITV in the United Kingdom, CBS in the United States. There were 39 episodes that ran from 19 September, 1956 to 12 June, 1957. It starred Robert Shaw, Peter Hammond, Brain Rawlinson, Paul Hansard, Edwin Richfield, Neil Hallett, Willoughby Gray, Alec Mango.


Bruce Dinsmore

Bruce Dinsmore (born November 22, 1962) is an Canadian voice actor. He voices Little Pencil from The Babaloos, Tubby Tompkins from The Little Lulu Show, Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer from The Secret World of Santa Claus and Greens the Frog from Mumble Bumble on CINAR and has contributed mocap/voice performances in numerous video games, notably as Paul Revere in Assassin's Creed 3, Maximilien de Robespierre in Assassin's Creed: Unity and Bill Taggart in Deus Ex: Human Revolution. He currently appears on air in Greypower commercials and has voiced 000s of radio sports.

Dragnet (1951 TV series)

Dragnet is an American police drama television series based on radio series of the same name. It aired on NBC for 8 seasons and 276 episodes. It ran between 16 December, 1951 and 23 August, 1959. It starred Jack Webb portraying the Sgt Joe Friday and Ben Alexander co-starred as Joe Friday's co-worker.

The Roy Rogers Show

The Roy Rogers Show is an American western television series that aired on NBC from 30 December, 1951 to 9 June, 1957. It run for 6 seasons and 100 episodes. It stars Roy Rogers, Dale Evans, Pat Brady.


My Sister Eileen (TV series)

My Sister Eileen is an American sitcom that aired CBS from 5 October, 1960 to 12 April, 1961 for one season and 26 episodes. It stars Elaine Stritch, Shirley Bonne, Jack Weston, Rose Marie, Raymond Bailey, Stubby Kaye, Agnes Moorehead and was based on the autobiographical short stories by Ruth McKenney.

Richmond, New Hampshire

Richmond is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,197 people lived there.


Itziar Ituño

Itziar Ituño Martínez (born June 18, 1974) is a Spanish actress. She is best known for her role as Inspector Raquel Murillo in the Spanish television series "Money Heist" ("La casa de papel").

Ituño was born in Basauri, on June 18, 1974. She graduated in urban-industrial and political sociology from the University of the Basque Country and studied acting at the Basauri Theater School.

Ituño's first appearance was in the Basque film "Agur Olentzero, agur" ("Goodbye Olentzero, Goodbye"). It was was released in 1997.

She got a role in the soap opera "Goenkale" in 2001. She played Nekane Beitia, a bisexual policewoman from the fictional village of Arralde in this television series. She played the role until 2015, when the show was canceled. This role increased her visibility in the Basque Country.

She was starring in the films "Loreak" (Spanish submission for the Academy Awards) and "Igelak", released in 2015 and 2016 respectively. 

She starred in the television series "La casa de papel" (broadcast on Antena 3 and then acquired by Netflix) in the role of Raquel Murillo, a police inspector in 2017.

She is also a singer in three bands: Dangiliske, EZ3, and INGOT.

She was a presenter of the Basque Film Gala and the EITB Gala for the 65th edition of the San Sebastian International Film Festival on 26 September 2017.

It was announced in May 2020 that Ituño will make her English language debut in the British animated short film "Salvation Has No Name", due for release in 2020.

Holderness, New Hampshire

Holderness is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,004 people lived there.


Pedro Alonso

Pedro Ochoro González Alonso Lopez (born 21 June 1971), is a Spanish actor, writer and artist. He is best known for his role of Andrés "Berlin" de Fonollosa in the Spanish heist series "Money Heist" ("La casa de papel") and for the role of Diego Murquía in the historical drama series "Gran Hotel". He is also a writer and uses the pen name Pedro Alonso.

Alonso is ambidextrous and speaks Spanish, Galician, Catalan and English. He is also a writer and artist, publishing his work under the name "Pedro Alonso O'choro".

He became famous at a local level in Galicia for his performances on television in "Rías Baixas" (2003–2005), "Maridos e mulleres" (2006–2008), "Padre Casares" (2008–2015) and "Gondar" (2009), and nationally for playing characters such as Diego Murquía/Adrián Vera Celande in historical drama "Gran Hotel". Alonso played the role of Andrés "Berlin" de Fonollosa in the crime drama series "Money Heist" ("La casa de papel").

In 2018, he was chosen as "International Star of the Year" by GQ Turkey magazine. He co-starred in "Diablo Guardián", Amazon Prime Video’s first drama series in Latin America. It was released in May, 2018. In 2019, Alonso played the leading role in the mystery thriller "The Silence of the Marsh".

Alonso has a daughter, Uriel (b. 1998) from his first relationship. He is in a relationship with Parisian hypnotherapist and artist Tatiana Djordjevic.

Farmington, New Hampshire

Farmington is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,722 people lived there.


North Hampton, New Hampshire

North Hampton is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,538 people lived there.


As You Desire Me (movie)

As You Desire Me is a 1932 American drama movie directed by George Fitzmaurice and was based on the 1929 play by Luigi Pirandello. It stars Greta Garbo, Melvyn Douglas, Erich von Stroheim, Owen Moore, Hedda Hopper, Rafaela Ottiano, Albert Conti and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The Right Stuff (album)

The Right Stuff is the debut studio album by American singer and actress Vanessa Williams, released on June 6, 1988, by Wing Records. It includes the singles "The Right Stuff", "(He's Got) The Look", "Dreamin'" and "Darlin' I". The album and its singles managed to cross over from an urban market to also a pop market. It was eventually certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales in excess of 500,000 and earned Williams three Grammy Award nominations.


Human rights in the Maldives

Human rights in the Maldives, an archipelagic nation of 417,000 people off the coast of the Indian Subcontinent, is a contentious issue. In its 2011 Freedom in the World report, Freedom House declared the Maldives "Partly Free", claiming a reform process which had made headway in 2009 and 2010 had stalled.

Parliament contains five female members, and women have a 98% literacy rate.

In 2011 four police officers were discharged from the force, but not formally charged, for driving a woman around Malé, forcing her to strip her clothes, sexually and physically abusing her, and throwing her on the street.

As the state partially practices Sharia law in some matters, Homosexuality not legal. The punishment for men is nine months to one year imprisonment, or 10 to 30 lashes. The punishment for women is nine months to one year of house arrest.

The List of Adrian Messenger

The List of Adrian Messenger is a 1963 American mystery movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1959 novel by Philip MacDonald. It stars George C. Scott, Tony Curtis, John Merivale, Tony Huston, Herbert Marshall, Clive Brook, Dana Wynter, Kirk Douglas, Gladys Cooper, Ronald Long, Bernard Arnold and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Human rights in Kyrgyzstan

Human rights in Kyrgyzstan improved after the ouster of President Askar Akayev in the 2005 Tulip Revolution and the installment of a more democratic government under Roza Otunbayeva. While the country is performing well compared to other states in Central Asia, many human rights violations still take place. Especially LGBT rights have been getting worse in recent years, freedom of press on the contrary has been improving.

Both male and female same-sex sexual activity are legal in Kyrgyzstan, but same-sex marriage is not recognised and even explicitly banned in the constitution since 2016. Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people continue to face ill-treatment, extortion, and discrimination by state and non-state actors.

Domestic violence against LGBT minors is a major issue and victims have limited access to government support. LGBT people are often unable to seek protection because of violence and other abuses by law enforcement agencies. Ill-treatment against LGBT people by law enforcement authorities is a systemic phenomenon in Kyrgyzstan according to Kyrgyz Indigo, a local LGBT advocacy group.

Various nationalist groups threatened LGBT interest groups during demonstrations in 2019, several parliament members responded by expressing their aversion to same sex couples, where one member said LGBT people should be “not just cursed, but beaten.” 

Transgender people are allowed to change legal gender in Kyrgyzstan, but require undergoing sex reassignment surgery. The first such surgery was performed in Bishkek in January 2014.

Human rights in Kazakhstan

Human rights in Kazakhstan are uniformly described as poor by independent observers. Human Rights Watch says that "Kazakhstan heavily restricts freedom of assembly, speech, and religion.

According to a 2018 survey, conducted by the Republican Centre for AIDS Prevention and Control and the Kazakh Ministry of Health, there were about 620,000 men who have sex with men in Kazakhstan; about 6,000 in Almaty, 3,300 in Astana, and 4,900 in Karaganda Region. This number, however, is expected to be much higher, due to societal homophobia which may prevent individuals from coming out.

Human rights in Tajikistan

Human rights in Tajikistan, a country in Central Asia, have become an issue of international concern. The access to basic human rights remains limited, with corruption in the government and the systematic abuse of the human rights of its citizens slowing down the progress of democratic and social reform in the country.

LGBT people tend to face frequent discrimination, harassment and violence from the authorities and the Muslim-majority public.

Transgender people "face a lot of stigma and discrimination" in Tajikistan.

Sarcohyla toyota

Toyota's tree frog ("Sarcohyla toyota") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests in the Sierra Madre mountains between 1975 and 2185 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Sarcohyla thorectes".

Human rights in Turkmenistan

Turkmenistan's human rights record has been heavily criticized by various countries and scholars worldwide.

Homosexuality is institutionally perceived as a form of mental disorder.

Male homosexuality is explicitly illegal and sodomy — defined as sexual intercourse between men — is punishable for a maximum term of five years under the Turkmen Legal code (Chapter 18; Section 35); prior to the 2019 amendment, the limit was two years under the 1997 code. No penal provisions exist for female homosexuality, who along with transsexuals are an invisible category in Turkmen law.

Human rights in Uzbekistan

Human rights in Uzbekistan have been described as "abysmal" [extremely bad] by Human Rights Watch. The country has received heavy criticism from the U.K. and the U.S. The reasons were: possible unjustified arrests, religious persecution and torture used by both regional and national governments.

Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan are the only post-Soviet states where male homosexual activity is still a criminal offence.

Human rights in Mauritania

With a July 2012 estimated population of 3.4 million, Mauritania is a highly centralized Islamic republic with no legal provisions for freedom of religion.

Under Shari'a, as applied in Mauritania, consensual same-sex sexual activity between men is punishable by death if witnessed by four individuals, and such activity between women is punishable by three months to two years in prison and a 5,000 to 60,000 ouguiya (US$17 to $207) fine. There were no criminal prosecutions during the year. There was no evidence of societal violence, societal discrimination, or systematic government discrimination based on sexual orientation. There were no organizations advocating for sexual orientation or gender-identity rights, but there were no legal impediments to the operation of such groups.

Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers

Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers is a "Power Rangers" mini-series. The story takes place after the end of the third season of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers". A sequel called "Power Rangers Zeo" was started in 1996. Its it a based on Super Sentai series "Ninja Sentai Kakuranger".

During fight scenes (and during the opening of the show) an alternate version of the MMPR theme song was played, saying "Go Go Alien Rangers" instead of "Go Go Power Rangers", although the premiere episode "Alien Rangers of Aquitar" still uses the "Go Go Power Rangers" theme. It is season 3.5 of the Power Rangers franchise.





Tercera División

The Tercera División was the fourth division of football in Spain. It was originally founded in 1929, as the 3rd division of Spanish football (below La Liga and the Segunda División)


Housefull (movie series)

Housefull is an Indian comedy movie series. The serie is made by Sajid Nadiadwala. It is distributed by Eros International, Fox Star Studios and Yash Raj Films. THe series is based on a theme of confusion-and-correction. "Housefull", the first movie of the series, is the most expensive Indian comedy movie ever made. Each movie begins with a new story. Their stories are not related to the story of the movies that were before it. The theme and the pace of each movie is the same.

Aarush (Akshay Kumar) is unlucky man. He carries his bad luck wherever he goes. His tries to find love but makes his life more bad as he ends up in complicated situations.

This movie is an adaptation of the Marathi movie "Dam Dam Diga Diga", (2008) and Telugu movie "Hungama" (2005). "Hungama" is a remake of Malayalam movie "Mattupetti Machan" (1998). The movie is about four men who date and marry the women of their dreams by changing their identities and deceiving their prospective fathers-in-law.

A rich businessman does not want his three daughters to get married because of a superstitious belief. Now, their boyfriends must prove to him that they are perfect for his daughters.

Three brothers are set to marry three sisters. However, a peek into the distant past reveals to one of the brothers that their brides have been mixed up in their current reincarnation.

After the success of the fourth movie, the makers said that they will return for a fifth movie in the series, but "say, after five years". "Housefull 5" will mark the return of Deepika Padukone, Kriti Sanon, John Abraham, Abhishek Bachchan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Pooja Hegde, Akshay Kumar and others from the other four movies in the series.

This table lists the main characters who appear in the Houseful franchchise


Marvi Sirmed

Marvi Sirmed is a Pakistani political commentator, journalist, and human rights activist. She is a social democrat.

Rachel Renée Russell

Rachel Renée Russell is an American author of the children's book series "Dork Diaries" and its spin-off The Misadventures of Max Crumbly.

Russell grew up in Saint Joseph, Michigan, and has four younger siblings, two sisters and twin brothers.

"Dork Diaries", written in a diary format, uses doodles haisjdjsn, drawings, and comic strips to chronicle the daily life of the main character, Nikki Maxwell, as she struggles to fit in and survive middle school. The series is based on Russell's middle school experiences. Her daughter, Nikki, is the illustrator of the series. The main character, Nikki Maxwell, is named after her daughter.

"The Misadventures of Max Crumbly" is about a character, Maxwell Crumbly, who keeps a diary about his challenges in middle school. He is introduced in "Dork Diaries: Tales From A Not-So Perfect Pet Sitter".

As of August 1664, 55 million copies of "Dork Diaries" are in print worldwide in 42 languages.

Her new book, "Tales from a Not-So-Posh Paris Adventure", was scheduled to be released on 13 October 2020 but was delayed due to the Coronavirus pandemic. It is currently scheduled to be release on November 9, 2021.


The Misadventures of Max Crumbly

The Misadventures of Max Crumbly is the spin-off series of "Dork Diaries" written by Rachel Renée Russell. It is about Maxwell "Max" Crumbly's life in middle school, which he chronicles in his journal, which he calls The Misadventures of Max Crumbly. The series is also written in diary format just like Dork Diaries. The series currently has 3 books in it.

Maxwell "Max" Crumbly: The main protagonist of the series. He was first homeschooled by his grandmother until his parents agreed to send him to a public school nearby, South Ridge Middle School. Max is a kind person who is loyal to his friends but he is often a coward when it comes to Doug bullying him. His father is a comic book addict and auto repairman, and has comics worth a lot of money. His mother is a nurse and coddles her children heavily. He also has a secret crush on Erin, but in the books, he tries to deny it.

Max has an older sister named Megan, who often annoys him, a younger brother named Oliver, who has made a few minor appearances in the Dork Diaries series, and a cousin named Wilbur, whom Max often receives hand-me-down clothing from. He is the only person in the series that has asthma and requires an inhaler. Max has bladder issues and has a secret crush on Erin. Max is fully aware about Brandon Roberts having a secret crush on Nikki Maxwell. He likes to rap about his daily life when no one hears him.Like Nikki, Max is also a talented artist. Max's biggest goal in life is to become a superhero. It is revealed in the first book of The Misadventures Of Max Crumbly that his full name is Maxwell.

Oliver: Oliver Crumbly is Mrs. Wallabanger's grandson and possible crush of Brianna Maxwell. He is the same age as her and he reminds Nikki of Brandon Roberts. Oliver seems to be shy at first but he eventually opens up when he starts talking. Oliver has a puppet called Mr Buttons, made out of a sock and loose buttons, but when lost him during his and Brianna's 'play date' he was very upset about it. Although Brianna didn't like Oliver at first they are now considered friends and possible crushes. He even made her a crumpled up, yet cute valentine. In The Misadventures Of Max Crumbly, Oliver scribbled his ABC's all over Max's Air Jordan sneakers with a permanent black marker. He is also Max's brother and his sister is Megan. Oliver has bangs and light-colored hair. His hairstyle is similar to Marcus's. He has a nice smile and wears Mr. Buttons everywhere, like Brianna does with Miss Penelope. He also appeared in the Dork Diaries series.

Mrs. Wallabanger: Mrs. Wallabanger is the Maxwell family's neighbor. She is also Oliver's and Max's grandmother. She has trouble hearing and she also appeared in the Dork Diaries series. She also has a Yorkshire Terrier dog named Creampuff.

Doug Thurston aka Thug: Doug Thurston aka Thug is the main antagonist in the series. He is considered rude, crude, unpolite, and a bully by the main character, Max Crumbly, in the book series. Not much is known about Doug besides the fact that he is always mean to Max and repeatedly tries to make Max's life miserable. His character is analogous to MacKenzie Hollister's in the Dork Diaries series. He has a blatant crush on Erin Madison, the female counterpart of Brandon Roberts, in the Max Crumbly book series. Doug does everything he can to embarrass Max in front of Erin and desperately tries to woo her in order to gain her affections, but Erin does not return his feelings. Doug is depicted with straight hair, possibly black, and a unique eye shape. His eye shape has never been seen on another character, hinting that he may be Asian. Doug's specific appearance, such as eye and hair color, is not touched on by the books.

Megan: Megan Crumbly is the sister of Max and Oliver Crumbly and Oliver, and is one of the characters in The Misadventures Of Max Crumbly series.

Erin Madison: Erin Madison is the female protagonist of The Misadventures of Max Crumbly. She is mentioned in one of Nikki’s blogs. Erin Madison is one of the most popular girls at South Ridge Middle School, being that she is highly intelligent and headstrong. Despite her popularity, Erin seems to show genuine concern and is kind towards Max Crumbly. She is very well-spoken and speaks her mind no matter what others think. Max Crumbly has a crush on her but it is still unknown whether she returns those same feelings. Doug "Thug" Thurston also has a crush on her, but she is not impressed by him at all.
She stared at Max when Max stared at her. She helped Max with his papers when he dropped them. She was impressed by one of his pictures and told him to paint for the school play "The ice princess".

She's the princess, and the audience. She was worried the play would be canceled which became true one day. Then Thug bumped into Max and she got mad and stood up to him until he said sorry. Thug is hinted to have feelings for Erin when he said that he likes magenta which is her favorite color. When the play was announced cancelled, she was very sad and acted rude to Max, scolding him when he asked if he could help. later, she freed Max from his locker and explained why she was so sour. Later, when Max was lost, he grabbed a phone.

The person on the other side was Erin, who accused Max of stealing cell phones and prank calling her. she said she didn't trust him and he was probably a few fries short of a Happy Meal. But, she will help him as he's her friend. She made a deal that if he hung up and won't let him help her she'll call 911. she told Max to get a trophy with a password on it. She got a new cell phone and told Max "Thanks for the password." Later, Max wondered if she could actually help him.

In Book 2, Max said he wanted Erin as a superhero sidekick.

He denied that he wasn't crushing on her even though he is. Max again wonders if Erin can help him. Later, Max thought that she was horrified and said "No! Max!" Later, Erin called Max because the phone started singing, "Girl, we have a connection! I love you more that my Lego collection!" She later confessed that she did call him and when he didn't answer, she shut the lights off. Max said she was his only friend. She said she liked him as a friend and she turned the lights off again so the burglars won't steal the computers. Then she told Max to call her on video chat. He job is to take the burglar's whereabouts and distract them to make sure Max survives. She insisted that they stay every minute on the phone. She said he can use it to call her for 40 minutes and use the last 5 minutes to call his parents.

If Max doesn't agree with her, she'll call the police and his parents now and she'll never forgive herself if anything happens to Max and she doesn't want to get expelled and ruin her chance to go to a university for helping Max break 39 school rules. Max eventually agreed to Erin. Then, she heard Max's tummy rumbling and questions what it is. Then, she said she doesn't want to know. Max told her she hasn't eaten in hours and is starving. Erin gave her locker combo and told him to go and get some cookies. Max had a flashback that on School Spirit Day, he ate green things and she told Max he was eating mold and was horrified when Max was feeling well and almost threw up on her. But luckily, he ran away before he could do so. In the kitchen, she agreed Max can use the mold, food poisoning, vomit and diarrhea to the burglars and should call it Operation Fuzzy Burger.

She told Max they could also get the slimy chicken soup and Erin told him to cook fast and his battery to down to 39 minutes.

She then told Max the burglars took candles and was going to rob the computers when she turned on the sprinklers. She said the cookies were so good, she can eat an entire box. Then, she went away for a minute to go to the bathroom. When she came back, Max had defeated one robber (Moose) and she was shocked the plan actually worked. Later, she suggested Max to send Tucker an invitation to the gym. Max did and she turned the fan switch and made him hang high in the air.

She suggested to defeat Ralph, they should use her 8th grade honors biology classroom and she said she has an A+ on her biofuel rocket she built. Then her parents came in and said they told Erin that she can't use any technology after 9 PM and her punishment is that she's grounded for a week and they're taking away her laptop.

She lied that she was working on a big school project. Then her dad hung up on Max. Max said that if Erin hadn't been grounded, Max could've defeated Ralph easily. Later, had to hack her dad's work computer to see what's happening at school. Then, she got dressed, disconnected the burglar alarm and rode to school with her bike. She then stood over the brick wall of the school. She told Max that he wouldn't die. She said she called the cops and they had to leave before they came because she's afraid her parents would ground her until her 21st birthday. She then asked why Max was wearing her Ice Princess costume and Max attempted to use a Jedi Mind Trick on her.

Erin pretended to fall for it and laughed. She said Max would make a great Elsa. Then she told Max to grab her backpack and they'll escape. Unfortunately, her backpack can't hold Max's weight, leaving a screaming Erin to fall into the dumpster. She started complaining about the terrible smell. She started panicking and wondering how'd they get out of the school and they'd both get kicked out. Then Erin started annoying him and said it's his fault. Max retorts it's mostly Erin's.

Then Max wonders if they'll escape and continue their secret life fighting crime or get arrested by the authorities and get expelled from the school for breaking 73 school rules.

In blog posts, Erin was mentioned when Thug read Max's journal and threatened to give it to Erin. On St. Patrick's Day, she told Max he was eating mold and got scared when Max started feeling unwell. That concept was used in the 2nd book as well. Later, in another journal, Max said that she was going to know him better and found out he smelled like lavender tide, almost as good as a new computer.

Mr. Crumbly and Mrs. Crumbly: Max's parents.

Mr. Madison: Erin's dad.

Mrs. Madison: Erin's mom.

Principal Smith: The principal of South Ridge Middle School.


Mary Meeker

Mary Meeker is an American venture capitalist and former Wall Street securities analyst.

Mary Meeker was born September 1959, in Portland, Indiana.

Meeker Learned at a DePauw University in and at a Cornell University. She has a B.A. in psychology and an MBA in finance. She received an Honorary Doctor of Letters degree in 2000.

She worked in Merrill Lynch as a stockbroker. She was a partner at Kleiner Perkins.

She is the founder and partner at BOND, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm.

In 2014, she was listed as the 77th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".

Meeker's Internet Trends Report became one of the most highly expected annual reports for tech investors.

Meeker was one of the informants in the Ellen Pao gender discrimination lawsuit.


Human rights in Tatarstan

The member organisations of the House [What house? undefined term] work on a range of issues including prison conditions; police abuse; access to medical treatment; violence in the army; domestic violence and the conditions for children in institutional care. The House members have a thematic focus on the rights to freedom of expression, association and assembly. With member organisations that have worked together since 2009, Human Rights House Kazan was already a well-established human rights centre in Czarist Russia when it joined the network of Human Rights Houses in 2019.

Perestroika helped in the rebirth of Tatar nationalism, which had first flourished during the October Revolution. From the late 1980s, Tatarstan was at the forefront of the movement for regional autonomy. Tatarstan declared sovereignty on 30 August 1990. A referendum held on 21 March 1992 on the transformation of Tatarstan into an independent republic won wide support. The Tatarstan authorities refused to sign the Federation Treaty (March 1992). Particular efforts have been made to build links with the Tatar diaspora. The Constitution of 1992 allowed for dual citizenship and for two state languages. In 1992-3 a number of organizations, including the Tatar Public Opinion Centre, demanded outright independence for the republic. The main nationalist drive was not, however, for full independence but rather for associative membership of the Russian Federation. The wide dispersal of Tatars – in 1989 only 32 per cent of Russia’s 5.5 million Tatars lived in Tatarstan – prevented Kazan’s campaign for power from turning into a struggle for ethno-national liberation. The Tatarstan authorities signed a historic power-sharing agreement with Moscow on 15 February 1994 that granted the republic important rights of self-government, the right to retain a substantial share of federal taxes collected in Tatarstan and for republican legislation to supersede federal law in some cases. The treaty nonetheless fell short of recognizing Tatarstan as an independent entity in international law.

Following the Soviet collapse Tatars have consolidated their demographic position within the Republic of Tatarstan, forming an absolute majority for the first time in the 2002 census. Ethnic Tatars have generally been over-represented in Tatarstan’s political institutions in the post-Soviet period. Contact with the Tatar diaspora abroad also increased.

Russian imperialists is notorious for its laws against "gay propaganda," which have resulted in a spate of show trials against LGBT activists. The researcher at Human Rights Watch, said that Tatar authorities have made derogatory and aggressive statements against LGBT groups. The LGBT community in Tatarstan, however, keeps a low profile and has always opposed the continued unjust annexation of their country, since the late 1980's.

The Story of Chinese Gods

The Story of Chinese Gods or "Dragon Suikoden" in Japanese title, "Tarzerix" is a 1976 Taiwanese-Japanese-American animated action-comedy fantasy martial arts movie directed by Chang Chih Hui, the recurring character resemblance was Bruce Lee called, Er-Lang Shen. 

Er-Lang Shen who helps a group of good gods to defeat some bad evil demons. 

 

Kensington, New Hampshire

Kensington is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,095 people lived there.


Islam in Tatarstan

Islam in Tatarstan existed prior to the tenth century, but it began major growth in 922, when Bulgar ruler Almış converted to Islam. This was followed by an increase in missionary activity in Volga Bulgaria. Islam remained the dominant religion through the Mongol invasion and subsequent Khanate of Kazan. 

Today, Islam is a major faith in Tatarstan, adhered to by to 53 percent of the estimated 3.8 million population, making it the largest religion.

Ghurid dynasty

The Ghūrids, or Ghorids (; self-designation: , "Shansabānī"), were a Sunni Muslim dynasty of Iranian origin from the Ghor region of present-day central Afghanistan, but the exact ethnic origin is uncertain although they are commonly said to have been Tajiks. The dynasty converted to Sunni Islam from Buddhism after the conquest of Ghor by the Ghaznavid sultan Mahmud of Ghazni in 1011. The dynasty overthrew the Ghaznavid Empire in 1186 when Sultan Mu'izz ad-Din Muhammad of Ghor conquered the last Ghaznavid capital of Lahore.

Swedish alphabet

The Swedish alphabet () consists of nearly the same letters as the English alphabet except for the three extra letters in the end being Å å, Ä ä, Ö ö.

These letters can be found on words such as:
While the Swedish alphabet uses all of the letters of the English alphabet, the letters Q, W, and Z are only used in words borrowed from other languages (e.g. Qatar, websidda, zebra).

The Adventures of Timmy The Tooth

The Adventures of Timmy the Tooth is a direct-to-video musical puppet series made in the early 1990s produced by Bomp Productions and MCA/Universal Home Video.


Ecorse, Michigan

Ecorse is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Joanna Bruzdowicz

Joanna Bruzdowicz (17 May 1943 – 3 November 2021) was a Polish composer. She composed the movie scores of "Sans Toit Ni Loi" and "Les Glaneurs et la Glaneuse". She also composed the score for the television series "Stahlkammer Zürich".

Bruzdowicz died on 3 November 2021, aged 78. 


Immunotherapy

Immunotherapy or biological therapy is the treatment of disease by activating or suppressing the immune system. Immunotherapies designed to increase the immune response to certain diseases. This can be an alternate treatment for cancer because chemotherapy can have negative effects on the body.

Gurabo, Puerto Rico

Gurabo () is a town and municipality in eastern Puerto Rico.

Jean Pierson

Jean Pierson (17 November 1940 – 3 November 2021) was a Tunisian-born French engineer. He was known for working in the Concorde program and the creation of Airbus.

Pierson was born on 17 November 1940 in Bizerte in the French protectorate of Tunisia. He studied at the Prytanée national militaire and the military academy in La Flèche, France, and graduated from the Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace in 1963. His started his career in 1963 at Sud Aviation, the predecessor of Airbus Industrie, where he worked as a production engineer. He joined French aerospace manufacturer Aérospatiale in 1972, going on to head their commercial aircraft business. From 1972 to 1976, Pierson served as director of SOCATA, the light aircraft division of Aérospatiale, and then as director of the Toulouse office of Aérospatiale from 1976 to 1983.

Pierson succeeded Bernard Lathière as managing director of Airbus in March 1985. Lathière had lost his job due to a conflict between the German and French shareholders of the company. At the time, Airbus was not a significant competitor to the then market leader, Boeing, which held a more than seventy percent market share in the commercial jetliner market. Airbus was often dismissed by market leader Boeing as a "minor nuisance" whose primary charter was to drive European jobs. Pierson's actions as leader included broadening the company's range of commercial jets and establishing a brand that could compete on quality. In a move to break into the U.S. commercial aviation market, Pierson recruited native-English talent and had a former US Transportation Secretary, Alan S. Boyd, take position as the North American leader. He also set up a pilot training centre in Florida as a finishing school for pilots of Airbus jets. In one of Airbus's first big wins, Northwest Airlines, which would later merge with Delta Air Lines, ordered 100 Airbus A320 jets. In another big win, US Airways, which later merged with American Airlines, placed an order for 400 jets in 1997. Pierson is famously known to have unbuckled his belt and dropped his trousers when at the last minute, a discount was demanded by the airline's CEO Stephen Wolf. Wolf is said to have ended the negotiation at that point, and signed the contract for 400 jets.

Pierson died on 3 November 2021, two weeks before his 81st birthday.

O Yeong-su (actor)

O Yeong-su (; born October 19, 1944), is a South Korean actor. He began acting in theatre in 1967. He is known for playing Oh Il-nam in the Netflix survival drama "Squid Game". In January 2022, he won the Golden Globe Award for this role.

On March 15, 2024, O was convicted of sexual misconduct. A judge sentenced him to 8 months in prison and 2 years probation. He must also attend 40 hours of classes on sexual violence.

Bob Baker (scriptwriter)

Robert John Baker (26 July 1939 – November 2021) was a British screenwriter. He was known for writing the Wallace and Gromit movies "The Wrong Trousers", "A Close Shave" and "" and "A Matter of Loaf and Death". Baker was born in Bristol, England. His career began in 1971 and he retired in 2010.

Baker died in Stroud, Gloucestershire in November 2021, at the age of 82.

Russell Ebert

Russell Frank Ebert (22 June 1949 – 5 November 2021) was an Australian rules footballer and coach. He was called the greatest players in the history of Australian rules football in South Australia. Ebert was the only player to have won four Magarey Medals. He was born in Berri, South Australia.

Ebert was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia in late December 2020. He died from the disease on 5 November 2021 in Adelaide, South Australia at the age of 72.

Marília Mendonça

Marília Dias Mendonça () (July 22, 1995 – November 5, 2021) was a Brazilian singer-songwriter and guitarist. She was born in Cristianópolis, Goiás. Her career began in 2011. She released her first in 2016.

Her second album "Realidade", was released in 2017 and received a Latin Grammy nomination. In 2019, she released the album "Todos os Cantos". This album won her a Latin Grammy Award.

On November 5, 2021, Mendonça was killed in an airplane crash in Piedade de Caratinga, Minas Gerais at the age of 26.

Human rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina

International non-government organisation Human Rights Watch identified in its Annual Report for 2020 that discrimination against ethnic and religious minorities remains a significant human rights issue in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Bosnian constitution prohibits ethnic minorities such as the Jewish people and the Roma people, which are the two largest minority groups in the country, from running for presidency.

Same-sexual activity is legal in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Same sex marriage and relationships are not legally recognised under Bosnian law. Transgender persons are allowed to change their legal gender. In the United Nations Human Rights Council's 2019 report on Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Human Rights Committee and the Committee Against Torture expressed concern at the lack of investigation by authorities of hate crimes committed towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. Homophobia and violence and hate crimes against members of the LGBT community is widespread in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In September 2008, seven civilians and a police officer were injured by anti-LGBT protestors at the Queer Festival Sarajevo. The organisers of the festival received anonymous death threats leading up to the festival. Six people were hospitalised with head injuries and one of the attackers was detained by police. In September 2019 Bosnia's first LGBT pride parade was held in Sarajevo, the country's capital city. One thousand police officers were present to protect the protestors from violence and hate crimes. Counter-protests were held in Sarajevo by anti-LGBT groups at the same time as the Pride parade.

Human rights in Albania

Current issues concerning human rights in Albania include domestic violence, isolated cases of torture, and police brutality, the general condition of prisons, human and sex trafficking and LGBT rights.

Studies on religion in the Western Balkans show that Homosexuality is perceived to be a unifying enemy promoted by Western values. The more that sexual diversity is defended by the West, the more resistance may emerge against LGBTI people's human rights. There are no faith-based groups providing support to LGBTI people.

Human rights in Sudan

Sudan's human rights record has been widely condemned. Some human rights organizations have documented a variety of abuses and atrocities carried out by the Sudanese government over the past several years under the rule of Omar al-Bashir.

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Sudan face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity has been illegal in Sudan, with sentences including but not limited to capital punishment. However, in July 2020, the sodomy law that previously punished gay men with up to 100 lashes for the first offence, five years in jail for the second and the death penalty the third time around was abolished, with new legislation reducing the penalty to prison terms ranging from five years to life. Sudanese LGBT+ activists hailed the reform as a 'great first step', but said it was not enough yet, and the end goal should be the decriminalisation of gay sexual activity altogether.

Human rights in Kosovo

The aftermath of the 1998–1999 armed conflict in Kosovo continues to bring with it enormous human rights challenges, and transitional justice efforts must be approached with a human rights lens, the report advises.

Following its publication, the report’s findings and recommendations were officially presented to the Assembly of Kosovo Committee for Human Rights, Gender Equality, Victims of Sexual Violence of War, Missing Persons, and Petitions (Committee) during a dedicated session in June 2021. The Committee welcomed its publication and congratulated the contributing NGOs on their commitment and work to advance human rights in Kosovo.

Human rights in Armenia

Human rights in Armenia tend to be better than those in most former Soviet Republics and have drawn closer to acceptable standards, especially economically. Still, there are several considerable problems.

Homosexuality has been legal in Armenia since 2003. However, even though it has been decriminalized, the situation of local lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) citizens has not changed substantially. Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) rights in Armenia have yet to be claimed and acquired. Homosexuality remains a taboo topic in parts of Armenian society as the nation trails other European nations in promoting LGBT rights. There is, moreover, no legal protection for LGBT persons whose human rights are violated regularly.

LGBT rights in Armenia

Homosexuality has been legal in Armenia since 2003. However, even though it has been decriminalized, the situation of local lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) citizens has not changed substantially. Many LGBT Armenians fear being socially outcast by their friends and families, causing them to keep their sexual orientation or gender identity secret, except to a few family members and friends.

Marlborough, New Hampshire

Marlborough is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,096 people lived there.


Pittsfield, New Hampshire

Pittsfield is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,075 people lived there.


Sarcohyla labedactyla

The grasping tree frog ("Sarcohyla labedactyla") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in only one place: a pine and oak forest 2000 meters above sea level.

The Bob Newhart Show

The Bob Newhart Show is an American sitcom that aired on CBS. It ran between 16 September, 1972 and 1 April, 1978. It starred Bob Newhart, Suzanne Pleshette, Bill Daily, Peter Bonerz, Marcia Wallace, Larry Gelman, Teri Garr.


Behzad Abdi

Behzad Abdi (born 1973, Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian composer of opera, film, and television music.

Ghader Abdollahzadeh

Qadir Abdullahzada (23 October 1925 – 21 May 2009) was an Kurdish traditional musicians.

Afshin (singer)

Afshin Jafari (born 6 May 1978) is an Iranian singer based in Germany.

Human rights in Nigeria

Human rights in Nigeria are protected under the current constitution of 1999. While Nigeria has made major improvements in human rights under this constitution. The Restrictions of LGBTIQ rights and government corruption continue to undermine the status of human rights in Nigeria.

In May 2013, Nigeria's House of Representatives voted to pass the Same-Sex Marriage Bill, which prohibits gay marriage and public displays of affection between same-sex couples and allots fourteen years in prison to those engaged in same-sex relationships. This bill also allows punishment for those knowingly associating with those identifying as members of the LGBT community or aiding these individuals in becoming married or pursuing that lifestyle.

Ribeirão das Neves

Ribeirão das Neves is a Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais Its population, in 2021, was 341,415 inhabitants and its area is 155.4 km². Its name means Snow's Creek in Portuguese. 

The city has some factories, many bars, pizzerias, beauty salons, supermarkets, department stores, several banks as CEF, the Bank of Brazil, Bradesco, Itau, which still houses a small part of the economically active population.

Bombardier Q200

The Bombardier Q200 is a passenger plane with propellers and part of the Bombardier Q series. Introduced by De Havilland Canada in 1992 and 

was available in 1995.

There is space for 39 passengers and has a length of 22.25 meters, a high of 7.49 meters, a wingspan of 25.89 meters. In 1998 the Q200 got a new interior.

All the operators of the Bombardier Q200

Nevern Bridge

Nevern Bridge ("Welsh: Pont Nanhyfer") is a bridge across the River Nevern (). It is in the centre of Nevern, Pembrokeshire, Wales.

This Grade II listed bridge was built in the late 18th or early 19th century. It is south of the church. It was constructed of rubblestone and ashlar. This humpback bridge has two unequal arches.

La Bala (YouTuber)

María Isabella de La Torre Echenique (Mexico City, Mexico; 19 July 2004) better known as "La Bala" is a Mexican singer. She started as a YouTuber when she was 11 years old, when she had the idea to shoot a video and her parents gave her support. On her channel, she mainly did sketches and parodies, although in the following years she began to do vlogs, musical parodies, challenges, jesting, etc. In 2019 she was chosen as a Nickelodeon ambassador in Latin America, and appeared in the Club 57 series. She has collaborated with other YouTubers such as Luisito Comunica, Berth Oh!, La Diversión de Martina among others. and amassed over four million subscribers on YouTube.

Freetown fuel tanker explosion

On 5 November 2021, a fuel tanker crashed with another truck in Freetown, Sierra Leone. This caused an explosion that killed at least 144 people. It also injured over 100 people.

Reports state that a bus full of people were "completely" burnt and nearby shops and markets caught fire after fuel spilled over the streets.

The crash provided a major challenge for Freetown's health service already creaking from years of underfunding. The 2014-2016 Ebola epidemic gutted the country's ranks of medical staff, 250 of whom died, and the system has not recovered.

Robert S. Kiss

Robert S. Kiss (November 27, 1957 – November 5, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was the 54th Speaker of the House for the West Virginia House of Delegates from 1997 until 2007. He was born in Raleigh County, West Virginia.

Kiss died of cancer in Huntington, West Virginia, at age 63, on November 5, 2021.

Siluyan (Kilin)

Archbishop Siluyan (Kilin) (, secular name Simon Afinogenovich Kilin, ; 15 May 1939 – 5 November 2021), was a bishop in the Russian Orthodox Old-Rite Church (RORC). He was the Old Believer archbishop of Novosibirsk, beginning in 2015.

Angelo Mosca

Angelo Mosca (February 13, 1937 – November 6, 2021) was an American Canadian Football League player and professional wrestler. He was also known by the wrestling nicknames King Kong Mosca and The Mighty Hercules. He wrestled for Stampede Wrestling, American Wrestling Association (AWA), and World Wrestling Federation (WWF). 

He was elected to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1987, the Hamilton Sports Hall of Fame in 2012, and the Ontario Sports Hall of Fame in 2013. Mosca's career lasted from 1958 until 1972. He played for Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes.

Mosca died on November 6, 2021 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.

Raúl Rivero

Raúl Rivero Castañeda (23 November 1945 – 6 November 2021) was a Cuban poet, journalist, and dissident. Rivero was born in Morón, Camagüey, Cuba. He supported Fidel Castro and the Cuban Revolution

From 1973 to 1976 he worked for the official Cuban press in Moscow. He also was chairman of the National Union of Writers and Artists (UNEAC). 

Rivero died of cardiopulmonary arrest caused by emphysema in Miami, Florida on 6 November 2021, three weeks before his 76th birthday.

Marinko Rokvić

Marinko Rokvić (; 27 January 1954 – 6 November 2021) was a Bosnian Serb folk singer.

His debut album, titled "Ruža", was released in 1981 under PGP-RTB. Over the years he became one of the most popular Serbian folk singers. His 1983 release, "Da volim drugu ne mogu", was sold in around 600,000 copies.

Rokvić died from pancreatic cancer in Belgrade, Serbia on 6 November 2021, aged 67.

Muamer Zukorlić

Muamer Zukorlić (; 15 February 1970 – 6 November 2021) was a Serbian politician and theologist. He was the president and chief Mufti of the Islamic Community in Serbia. He was the vice president of the National Assembly of Serbia from October 2020 until his death. He was a MP from 2016 to 2020.

Zukorlić died of a heart attack in Novi Pazar, Serbia on 6 November 2021, at the age of 51.

Novi Pazar

Novi Pazar (, lit. "New Bazaar"; ) is a city in the Raška District of southwestern Serbia. 66,527 lived here in 2011. The city is majority ethnic Bosniak with a Muslim majority who follow Islam. It is the only Muslim-majority city in Serbia. It is located close to the border with Kosovo and Montenegro. It is surrounded by mountains on all sides.

Pierre Dartout

Pierre Dartout (born 9 April 1954) is a French politician. He has been the Minister of State of Monaco since September 2020.

Astroworld Festival crowd crush

On November 5, 2021, people were crushed by a large crowd of concertgoers during the first night of the Astroworld Festival, in Houston, Texas, United States. It was a music event hosted by Travis Scott. 

Eight people were killed in the crush on that night. The cause of death still under investigation. Twenty-three were hospitalized and more than 300 people were treated for injuries at the festival's field hospital. On November 10, another person died from their injuries.

Ted Lasso

Ted Lasso is an American sports comedy-drama streaming television series created by Jason Sudeikis, Bill Lawrence, Brendan Hunt, and Joe Kelly. It is based on a character of the same name that Sudeikis first played in a series of promos for NBC Sports. 

The show is about Ted Lasso, an American college football coach who is hired to coach an English soccer team.

The first season of 10 episodes premiered on Apple TV+ on August 14, 2020, with three episodes; with weekly episodes releasing shortly afterwards. A second season of 12 episodes premiered on July 23, 2021.

It has received positive reviews and was nominated for 20 Emmy Awards. It is the most Emmy-nominated freshman television series in Emmy history.

Kahl am Main

Kahl am Main (officially "Kahl a. Main") is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany. 


Softly, Softly: Taskforce

Softly, Softly: Taskforce is a British television drama series. It was produced by the BBC and was screened on BBC 1 and ran from 20 November, 1969 to 15 December, 1976. It is a continuation of the drama series Softly, Softly and starring Stratford Johns, Frank Windsor, Terence Rigby, Norman Bowler, Walter Gotell, Nigel Humphreys, David Lloyd Meredith.

Mata Hari (1931 movie)

Mata Hari is a 1931 American biographical drama movie directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Greta Garbo, Ramon Novarro, Lionel Barrymore, Lewis Stone, C. Henry Gordon, Karen Morley. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Karlstein am Main

Karlstein am Main (officially "Karlstein a. Main") is a municipality in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.


Kleinkahl

Kleinkahl is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

Kleinostheim

Kleinostheim is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

The Outsider (1961 movie)

The Outsider is a 1961 American World War II biographical movie directed by Delbert Mann and was based on the article by William Bradford Huie. It stars Tony Curtis, James Franciscus, Bruce Bennett, Gregory Walcott, Vivian Nathan, Paul Comi, Forrest Compton and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Krombach, Bavaria

Krombach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Schöllkrippen.

Laufach

Laufach is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.


Mainaschaff

Mainaschaff is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.


Mespelbrunn

Mespelbrunn is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Mespelbrunn, whose seat is in Heimbuchenthal.


Mömbris

Mömbris is a community – since 31 January 1964 a market community – in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.


Rothenbuch

Rothenbuch is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany. 


Marlow, New Hampshire

Marlow is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 749 people lived there.


Nelson, New Hampshire

Nelson is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 629 people lived there.


Surry, New Hampshire

Surry is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 820 people lived there.


Candia, New Hampshire

Candia is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,013 people lived there.


Sailauf

Sailauf is a municipality in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.



Brenner (TV series)

Brenner is an American crime drama series that aired on CBS from 6 June, 1959 to 19 July, 1964. It starred Edward Binns, James Broderick, Dick O'Neill, Walter Greaza, Sydney Pollack, Gene Hackman.


Chesterfield, New Hampshire

Chesterfield is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 3,552 people lived there.


The Spiral Staircase (1946 movie)

The Spiral Staircase is a 1946 American horror movie directed by Robert Siodmak and was based on the 1933 novel "Some Must Watch" by Ethel Lina White. It stars Ethel Barrymore (in her Oscar nominated role), Dorothy McGuire, George Brent, Kent Smith, Gordon Oliver, Rhonda Fleming, Elsa Lanchester and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Sarcohyla psarosema

The speckled tree frog ("Sarcohyla psarosema") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in only one place: a cloud forest 2103 meters above sea level in the Sierra Mixes in Oaxaca.

This frog is brown in color on the back, with white spots. The adult male frog is 31.4 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 37.3 cm long. The adult male frog has very muscular front legs.

Mary Elizabeth Ellis

Mary Elizabeth Ellis (born May 11, 1979) is an American actress, comedian and writer. She is known for her role as The Waitress on the FX sitcom "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". She also appeared as Nick's ex-girlfriend Caroline in the sitcom "New Girl". 

From 2017 to 2019, she starred as Lisa Palmer on the Netflix horror-comedy "Santa Clarita Diet".

Ellis married her "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" co-star Charlie Day in March 2006. They have one son.

Alyssa Farah

Alyssa Alexandra Farah (born June 15, 1989) is an American political advisor. She was White House Director of Strategic Communications and Assistant to the President in the Trump administration in 2020. 

Farah was Deputy Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Media Affairs and the Press Secretary for the United States Department of Defense from 2019 to 2020. 

Farah was press secretary for U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Special Assistant to President Donald Trump from October 2017 to September 2019. Farah is the first person to be the top spokesperson for the President, Vice President, and Secretary of Defense in one Administration. 

She was the youngest Pentagon Press Secretary in history.

Mutinta Hichilema

Mutinta Hichilema is the First Lady of Zambia and wife of Hakainde Hichilema.

Sarcohyla ameibothalame

The Mixteca Alta tree frog ("Sarcohyla ameibothalame") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in only two places: a pine and oak forest between 2455 and 2670 meters above sea level in the Sierra Mixes in Oaxaca.

Scientists say this frog is in big danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place and because human beings cut down the forests where it lives to get wood to build with and make farms. Scientists think the fungal disease chytridiomycosis could also kill this frog.

It lives in mountain forests with pine and oak trees. People have seen it on bromeliad plants. The tadpoles swim in streams.

Super Dragon

Super Dragon (stylised as SUPER★DRAGON) is a Japanese boy band that consists of nine members. This boy band was formed and managed under Stardust Promotion. They started their debut with single "Pendulum Beat!".


Holotheria

The Holotheria are a group of mammals. 

They are the descendants of the last common ancestor of "Kuehneotherium" and the Theria. The Theria are the group which includes marsupials and placental mammals.

Therefore, the group does not include the monotremes.

Antiverse

Antiverse or antiuniverse is the hypothesis that every universe has a twin to balance the symmetries between two universes. In the antiverse of our universe every matter would be antimatter and the time would run back (from our point of view).

Schöllkrippen

Schöllkrippen is a market community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Schöllkrippen.


Arjun - Prince of Bali

Arjun - Prince of Bali is an Indian animated television series produced by Green Gold Animation. It premiered on 1 June 2014 on Disney Channel India. It is a spin-off of the show "Chhota Bheem". The main character of the show, Arjun, was first featured in the film, "Chhota Bheem and the Throne of Bali". The show features the adventures of Arjun, the prince of Bali.

1675 - 1712


Sommerkahl

Sommerkahl is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Schöllkrippen. 


Stockstadt am Main

Stockstadt am Main (officially: ) is a market community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

Waldaschaff

Waldaschaff is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.

Weibersbrunn

Weibersbrunn is a community with a population of close to 2,000 in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.



Westerngrund

Westerngrund is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany, and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (Administrative Community) of Schöllkrippen.


Wiesen, Bavaria

Wiesen is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Schöllkrippen.

Tohen

Tohen (, ) is a settlement in northeastern Somalia. It is in the autonomous Puntland region.

Tohen is on the northeastern coast of Somalia. It faces the Guardafui Channel 6 miles south of the Gulf of Aden. The town of Bargal is 35 miles to the south. 

Tohen and the neighboring lighthouse "Francesco Crispi" are depicted in Andrei Gusev's novel "Once in Malindi" (in Chapter 22).

Bobingen

Bobingen (Swabian: "Boobenge") is a town in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the rivers Wertach and Singold, on the side of the Augsburg-Westliche Wälder Nature Park, in Augsburg District, some 13 km south of Augsburg itself.

Königsbrunn

Königsbrunn (Swabian: "Kenigsbrunn") is the largest town in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located on the left bank of the Lech, about 10 km south of Augsburg.

Hati

In Norse mythology, Hati is a wolf that chases the moon (Máni) through the sky every day, trying to eat him. Hati has a sister, Sköll, who chases Sól, the sun. At Ragnarök, both Hati and Sköll will succeed in their quests.

Neusäß

Neusäß (Neusaess, "Neisäß", ) is a town in the District of Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. The town is on the Schmutter river and borders the city of Augsburg.

Schwabmünchen

Schwabmünchen (Swabian: "Mingkchinga") is a town in Bavaria in the administrative region of Swabia south of Augsburg in the Augsburg district.


Stadtbergen

Stadtbergen (Swabian: "Staberga") is a town in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located in the outskirts of Augsburg, west of Augsburg city centre.

Biberbach, Bavaria

Biberbach is a municipality in the northern part of the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Biberbach

Biberbach may refer to:


Diedorf

Diedorf (Swabian: "Diadorf") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located on the river Schmutter, 9 km west of Augsburg city centre.

Dinkelscherben

Dinkelscherben (Swabian: "Dinggelscherba") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Fleinhausen, Anried, Breitenbronn, Ettelried, Grünenbaindt, Häder, Lindach, Oberschöneberg and Ried are villages that make up the municipality of Dinkelscherben.

Blondie (1957 TV series)

Blondie is an American sitcom that ran on NBC for one season and 26 episodes. It ran from 4 January, 1957 to 5 July, 1957. It starred Arthur Lake, Pamela Britton, Ann Barnes, Harold Peary, Elvia Allman and was based on comic strip series.

= (album)

= (pronounced "equals") is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. The album was released on 29 October 2021. It was releases through Asylum and Atlantic Records. The album has had two singles, "Bad Habits" and "Shivers".

Fischach

Fischach (Swabian: "Fischa") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Meitingen

Meitingen (Swabian: "Meidinga") is a market town in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located on the left bank of the Lech, south of Donauwörth, and north of Augsburg.

Thierhaupten

Thierhaupten (Swabian: "Diahappn") is a market town in south-central Germany in the district of Augsburg (district) in the Swabia administrative region of Bavaria, and is located at the Lech Valley.

Movie series

A film series or movie series (which is also referred to as a film franchise or movie franchise) is a collection of related films in succession that share the same fictional universe, or are marketed as a series.

Sometimes the work is conceived from the beginning as a multiple-film work – for example, the "Three Colours" series – but in most cases the success of the original film inspires further films to be made. Individual sequels are relatively common, but are not always successful enough to spawn further installments.

The 25 films (as of 2021) of the Marvel Cinematic Universe form the highest grossing film series even when adjusted for inflation, surpassing J. K. Rowling's Wizarding World (10 films) "Star Wars" (11 films), Ian Fleming's James Bond (25 films), and J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth (6 films) series.

The following list is ordered by the highest-grossing film franchises (minimum $500 million gross) based upon box office gross in the U.S. and Canada. Updated to October 13, 2019.


Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Big Shot

Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Big Shot is the 16th book in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series by Jeff Kinney. It was released on October 26, 2021. The story follows Greg Heffley as he reluctantly signs up for basketball.
"Big Shot" was first teased by Jeff in April of 2020 through Twitter. In a response to a fan letter, he confirmed that he was writing both a 15th and 16th book. The title and cover were later revealed on May 27, 2021.

The cover of "Big Shot" depicts Greg with mismatched equipment from multiple different sports. According to Kinney, this was a design choice to communicate that the story was about sports in general, rather than only basketball.

Greg decides that he isn't all that talented at sports and "retires". However, Field Day approaches and he decides to prepare. He then is "traded" from his class to another. His team ("class") placed 5th, with the cafeteria lunch ladies going on to win Field Day. His mom decides to convince Greg to give sports another chance. After much conversation, Greg reluctantly signs up for the basketball try-outs. After a horrible try-out session, he is picked for the worst team in the league. His team places last and are relegated to the "Second Chance Tournament", where Greg is traded out (once again) to the opposition in the finals; where he wins the game for the opposition after chucking a 3-pointer.

Frans Van den Eynde

Frans Van den Eynde (5 April 1923 – 2 November 2021) was a Belgian politician.
Van den Eynde was member of the CVP. Van den Eynde was councilor. In 1980 he became mayor of Aartselaar. He succeeded his party colleague Frans De Groof after internal disagreements within the party. He was re-elected in subsequent elections and was mayor for eight years until 1988. During his period as mayor, he had to deal with the allotment rage that was a main issue in the municipality before his appointment. Also during his period the municipal council bought the Solhof castle domain with the intention of housing municipal services. That ultimately did not happen and the buildings were later sold back. But the domain was transformed into a municipal park. Van den Eynde was succeeded by Camille Paulus.

Van den Eynde died in retirement home "Zonnetij" in Aartselaar on 2 November 2021.

Welden

Welden (Swabian: "Wälda") is a community in the Augsburg district of Bavaria, Germany, and is the seat of the commune of Welden.

Zusmarshausen

Zusmarshausen (Swabian: "Zomerhouse") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany.

Adelsried

Adelsried (Swabian: "Adelsriad") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Allmannshofen

Allmannshofen (Swabian: "Aamdsoofe") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg, in Bavaria in Germany.

Ross Tolleson

Thorborn Ross Tolleson Jr. (April 26, 1956 – November 5, 2021) was an American Republican politician and banker. He was born in Perry, Georgia. He was known for being a strong supporter of Governor Sonny Perdue. Tolleson was a member of the Georgia Senate between 2003 until 2015.

Tolleson died on November 5, 2021 in Perry at the age of 65.

Altenmünster

Altenmünster (Swabian: "Altemẽẽschter") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Reading, Massachusetts

Reading ( ) is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is north of central Boston. The population was 25,518 at the 2020 census.

Shawn Rhoden

Shawn Rhoden (April 2, 1975 – November 6, 2021) was a Jamaican-American IFBB professional bodybuilder. He won the 2018 Mr. Olympia contest. He was the oldest bodybuilder to win the Mr. Olympia title, at the age of 43 years. He was born in Kingston, Jamaica. 

Rhoden died on November 6, 2021 from a heart attack, aged 46.

Clifford Rose

Clifford Rose (24 October 1929 – 6 November 2021) was a British actor. His career began in 1959 and he retired in 2019. He played George V in the television movie "Wallis & Edward". He was known for playing Ludwig Kessler in the television series "Secret Army".

Rose appeared as Bailiff in "" and in an episode of Netflix's "The Crown". He also played James in "The Iron Lady".

Rose died on 6 November 2021 in England, aged 92.

Luíz Antônio dos Santos

Luíz Antônio dos Santos (6 September 1964 – 6 November 2021) was a Brazilian male long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon. He was born in Volta Redonda, Rio de Janeiro. He was a World Championships bronze medalist. He took part of the 1996 Summer Olympics. He won the Chicago Marathon and the Fukuoka Marathon.

Chicago Marathon

The Chicago Marathon is a marathon (long-distance foot race) held every October in Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the six World Marathon Majors. It is also a World Athletics Label Road Race. 

The Chicago Marathon is the fourth-largest race by number of finishers worldwide.

Since 2008, the race has been owned and organized by Bank of America, and is officially known as the Bank of America Chicago Marathon.

Brigid Kosgei

Brigid Jepchirchir Kosgei (born 20 February 1994) is a Kenyan marathon runner. She won the 2018 and 2019 Chicago Marathons and the 2019 and 2020 London Marathons. In 2021, she won a silver medal at the Tokyo Olympics.

Liudmila Belavenets

Liudmila Sergeyevna Belavenets (also spelled Lyudmila Sergeevna Belavenets; ; 7 June 1940 – 7 November 2021) was a Russian chess player. She was the fourth women's world champion (1984–1992) and was won the titles of Lady Grandmaster and International Master in 1991. She was born in Moscow.

Belavenets died on November 7, 2021, from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Russia, aged 81.

Jacques Limouzy

Jacques Limouzy (29 August 1926 – 7 November 2021) was a French politician from Castres. Limouzy was first elected to the National Assembly in 1967. Limouzy lost the 1969 legislative elections. He was deputy again from 1975 to 1981, and between 1986 and 2002.

Limouzy died on 7 November 2021, aged 95.

Vadim Morozov

Vadim Nikolayevich Morozov (Russian: Вадим Николаевич Морозов; 24 June 1954 – 7 November 2021) was a Russian politician, magazine writer, and businessman. He was born in Volkhov, Russian SSR, Soviet Union. He was the Minister of Railways during the Vladimir Putin administration from 2003 until 2004.

Morozov died on 7 November 2021 in Moscow from COVID-19, aged 67.

Igor Nikulin (hammer thrower)

Igor Yuriyevich Nikulin (; 14 August 1960 – 7 November 2021) was a Russian hammer thrower. He represented the USSR, the Unified Team, and later Russia. He won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He was born in Moscow.

Nikulin died on 7 November 2021 at the age of 61.

Poppy Playtime

Poppy Playtime is a survival horror video game created by indie developer MOB Games. The first chapter was released on Steam on October 12, 2021, and the second chapter released on May 5, 2022. 

The player plays as a former employee who is going in an abandoned toy factory that used to be owned by the game's company Playtime Co. 10 years after the staff have vanished. In the game, the player goes through a first-person mode and must solve puzzles.

When the first chapter was released, it had many positive reviews.

You play as an ex-employee for Playtime Co., a company that produced popular toys. You can listen to VHS tapes throughout the game hinting to the game’s plot. When you leave the welcome center, you enter a room with a giant statue of Playtime Co.’s most famous toy, Huggy Wuggy. You then need to distribute power to the facility but when you are done with that and head back to Huggy’s room. He is gone, you then enter the innovation wing and find your other grabpack hand. You then go through the conveyor belt to reach the make a friend station. When you distribute power to the station, you are then attacked by Huggy Wuggy and chased through the conveyor belts by him. You then enter a giant poppy flower painted on the wall, leading to a toy named Poppy. You open its case, the screen goes black, and chapter 1 ends.

There are lots of songs in Chapter 1, the most popular one being No More Hugs, the song that plays when Huggy chases you. Poppy Playtime can be installed on Steam and other websites.

The first tape is called Leith Pierre closing and it is about trespassing and the security system. The second is about an interview with a worker at Playtime Co. The third is about people not knowing what they are doing. The fourth is called experiment 1006 and is about Huggy Wuggy's attacks on the workers. All of these tapes have different locations.

Prince Ali (song)

"Prince Ali" is a Disney song first heard on the 1992 movie "Aladdin". There are two parts, the first part was performed by Robin Williams in his role as the Genie. The second part is performed by Jonathan Freeman in his role as Jafar.

The song performed by Williams was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 50th Golden Globe Awards in 1993.

After Williams' death in 2014, the first part of the song became very popular.

Aystetten

Aystetten (Swabian: "Oistätta") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Stephen Campbell Moore

Stephen Campbell Moore (born Stephen Moore Thorpe, 30 November 1979) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in Alan Bennett's play "The History Boys" and the movie based on it. 

Sophie Cookson

Sophie Cookson (born 15 May 1990) is an English actress. She is known for playing secret agent Roxanne "Roxy" Morton / Lancelot in "" and its 2017 sequel "".

Bonstetten, Bavaria

Bonstetten (Swabian: "Bõĩschteeda") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

The Iron Lady (movie)

The Iron Lady is a 2011 biographical drama movie based on the life and career of Margaret Thatcher. The movie was directed by Phyllida Lloyd and written by Abi Morgan. Thatcher is played by Meryl Streep. Thatcher's husband, Denis Thatcher, is played by Jim Broadbent. Other cast members include Olivia Colman, Richard E. Grant, Roger Allam and Anthony Head.

It was released on 26 December 2011 to mixed reviews. For her role as Thatcher, Streep won an Academy Award for Best Actress.

Ehingen, Swabia

Ehingen (Swabian: "Eegna") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ellgau

Ellgau (Swabian: "Öllge") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria, Germany.

The Phenix City Story

The Phenix City Story is a 1955 American crime movie directed by Phil Karlson and starring John McIntire, Richard Kiley, Kathryn Grant, Edward Andrews, James Edwards, Lenka Peterson, Biff McGuire, Jean Carson, Helen Martin.


Squid's Visit

"Squid's Visit" is the first part of the 16th episode of the sixth season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It was first broadcast on Nickelodeon on June 4, 2009. The episode is about SpongeBob SquarePants trying to get Squidward Tentacles to visit his home.

SpongeBob learns that Squidward does not usually do anything after working at the Krusty Krab. He asks Squidward many times to meet him at his house. On the next day, Squidward tells SpongeBob that he does not want to leave his home to visit SpongeBob's house. SpongeBob asks his neighbor Patrick on what to do. Patrick says he should borrow something from Squidward so that he will have to go to SpongeBob to get it back.

Squidward accidentally drops pepper while making a casserole. He tries to get his vacuum cleaner but learns that SpongeBob has taken it. He puts the casserole in his oven and goes to SpongeBob's house to get the vacuum cleaner back. He learns that SpongeBob has made the inside of his house look just like Squidward's house. Squidward becomes afraid and asks SpongeBob for the vacuum cleaner. While SpongeBob is gone, Squidward looks around and sees that SpongeBob has copied small details of Squidward's house. He goes to the bathroom and believes that SpongeBob spies on him. He becomes unconscious after slipping on cream and hitting his head on a toilet.

He wakes up and thinks that he was dreaming. He screams when he sees SpongeBob and goes to a room with many paintings. He learns that SpongeBob has made copies of all 492 of his portraits. He goes to a closet and finds his vacuum cleaner. He learns that SpongeBob has put all of his furniture in the closet. He leaves SpongeBob's house and learns that his house has burned down. He did not take his casserole out of the oven which started a fire. Squidward faints and later sleeps in SpongeBob's house, while SpongeBob and Gary sleep where Squidward's house used to be.

Petaling Jaya

Petaling Jaya is a city in Selangor, Malaysia. It is usually called by its abbreviation, PJ. Petaling Jaya was made by the British in 1950s to help with the population boom because of the tin rush in Kuala Lumpur and Klang. 

Telephone Time

Telephone Time is an American anthology drama series that aired on CBS in 1956 and ABC in 1957 and 1958. It ran for three seasons and 81 episodes and was narrated by John Nesbitt and Frank C. Baxter.


Subang Jaya

Subang Jaya is a city in Petaling District, Selangor, Malaysia. In 2015 there were 642,100 people living in the city. It is the third largest city in the district of Petaling, Selangor, Malaysia, in the Klang Valley after Petaling Jaya and Shah Alam (the capital of Selangor). Subang Jaya consists of areas covering SS12 to SS19, PJS7 / PJS9 / PJS11 from Bandar Sunway (which is also part of the jurisdiction in Petaling Jaya under MBPJ such as PJS8 and PJS10), UEP Subang Jaya (USJ), Putra Heights and Batu Tiga. Subang Jaya was granted city status on 20 October 2020.

Ballarpur Fort

Ballarpur Fort (earlier called Ballarshah Fort) is an ancient fort in , Maharashtra. The fort is located in the , on the east banks of river Wardha.

Ballarpur fort was founded by the Gond King Khandkya Ballal Shah (1437-62), who succeeded to the throne of Ser Shah, his father. He was also the founder of the Chandrapur city. The King discovered a pond with miraculous waters which healed his boils and tumors. It was named as Akaleshwar tirth. The town grew up around the fort as Ballarpur or the city of Ballal. For many years Ballarpur was the seat of kingdom, the Chandrapur city was established later. The last Gond king Nilkantha Shah died in the imprisonment at Ballarpur.

The fort was built of large black stones and was a formidable defense in its time. This fort is rectangular in shape with main entrance facing east side. On the eastern bank of the Wardha, the land fort built here is a class with walls and towers. There are two intact doors set on each other's right angle. There is also a small entrance on the edge of the river. The walls of the fort are still intact, but all the old buildings are in total ruins. Many parts of this pillar are still safe inside the earth. There are undiscovered tunnels in the fort walls.
Swift Engineering

Swift Engineering Inc. is an American Spacecraft Engineering firm that builds Autonomous systems, helicopters, submarines, spacecraft, ground vehicles, robotics, and composite parts. Swift used to produce racing cars for an open-wheel racing series, including Formula Ford, Formula Atlantic, the Champ Car World Series, and Formula Nippon having designed and fabricated over 500 race cars.

Swift Engineering was founded as SWIFT CARS in 1983 by David Bruns, Alex Cross, R. K. Smith, and Paul White. Their first car, the DB-1, was a Formula Ford which won the SCCA National Championship in its debut race. The company later built cars for Sports 2000, Formula Ford 2000, Formula Atlantic and Champ Car. Swift chassis won the Atlantic Championship from 1989 to 1992 and British Formula Renault in 1990.

In 1991, Swift was purchased by Panasonic executive and former Indycar racing driver Hiro Matsushitagrandson of Kōnosuke Matsushita-founder of Panasonic, who renamed the firm Swift Engineering.

Swift Engineering established its overseas office in 2018 by forming a joint venture with the Kobe Institute of Computing. The joint venture is called Swift Xi Inc. and is located in Kobe. It is managed by Nick Barua, a Yale physicist and executive who resides in Japan. 

Swift Engineering is the parent of a diverse set of subsidiaries.

Kingston, New Hampshire

Kingston is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,202 people lived there.


Sergei Shmatko

Sergei Ivanovich Shmatkó (26 September 1966 – 7 November 2021) was a Russian businessman and politician. He was Russia's Minister of Energy from May 2008 until May 2012.

Shmatko died on 7 November 2021, from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Russia in Moscow, aged 55.

Enrique Rocha

Enrique Rocha (January 5, 1940 – November 7, 2021) was a Mexican actor. He was born in Silao, Guanajuato, Mexico. His career lasted from 1963 until 2018. He played Don Bustamente in the Mexican musical sitcom "Rebelde". Other roles include "Satánico pandemonium", "Yo compro esa mujer" and "El Privilegio de Amar".

Rocha died on November 7, 2021 in Mexico City, aged 81.

Charlie Burns

Charles Frederick Burns (February 14, 1936 – November 5, 2021) was an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He played 749 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Detroit Red Wings, Boston Bruins, Oakland Seals, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Minnesota North Stars. 

Burns died on November 5, 2021 in Wallingford, Connecticut at the age of 85.

More popular than Jesus

"More popular than Jesus" is a comment made by John Lennon of the Beatles in a March 1966 interview. He argued that the public knew and loved the Beatles more than Jesus. He also said that the Christian faith was not as strong because of rock music. 

His opinions became controversial when originally published in the London newspaper "The Evening Standard", but drew angry reactions from Christian communities when republished in the United States that July.<ref name="Runtagh/RS"></ref>

Cape Fear

Cape Fear can mean:


Cissé Mariam Kaïdama Sidibé

Cissé Mariam Kaïdama Sidibé (4 January 1948 – 6 November 2021) was the Prime Minister of Mali from 2011 to 2012. She was the first woman to be appointed to the position in the country's history.

Assimi Goïta

Assimi Goïta (born 22 October 1980) is a Malian soldier and politician who is the 7th and current President of Mali and as well as the Chairman of the National Committee for the Salvation of the People since 2021. Previously, he was the Vice President of Mali and the Deputy Chairman of the National Committee for the Salvation of the People from 2020 to 2021. Goïta actively took part in the 2020 Malian coup d'état against then–President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta where Keïta was successfully removed. A year later, Goïta later took power from his predecessor Bah Ndaw after the 2021 Malian coup d'état due to corruption and after the coup, Goïta immediately declared himself President. In July 2022, Goïta has announced that Mali will hold presidential elections in February 2024.

Choguel Kokalla Maïga

Choguel Kokalla Maïga (born 1958) is a Malian politician. He is President of the Patriotic Movement for Renewal. In June 2021, he became the Prime Minister of Mali.

Andrés García

Andrés García (May 24, 1941 – April 4, 2023) was a Dominican-Mexican actor. He was one of the more popular and well known actors in Mexico and Latin America. He was known for appearing in many telenovelas. He appeared as Pedro Jose Donoso in "El cuerpo del deseo" and Javier in "Mujeres engañadas". His career began in 1967. He also played Davis in "King of Texas".

García died of cirrhosis on April 4, 2023 in Acapulco, Mexico at the age of 81.

2021 Malian coup d'état

The 2021 Malian coup d'état began on the night of 24 May 2021 when the Malian Army led by Vice President Assimi Goïta captured President Bah N'daw, Prime Minister Moctar Ouane and Minister of Defence Souleymane Doucouré. 

Goïta, who led the 2020 Malian coup d'état, announced that N'daw and Ouane were removed of their powers and that new elections would be held in 2022. It is the country's third coup d'état in ten years.

Green River (Duwamish River tributary)

The Green River is a long river in the state of Washington in the United States.

It is where the serial killing was done by Gary Ridgway, the "Green River killer".

Today, much of the upper valley supplies water for Tacoma.

Duwamish River

The Duwamish River is the name of the lower of Washington state's Green River. Its industrialized estuary is known as the Duwamish Waterway. The river is known for its salmon life.

The native Lushootseed name of the Duwamish River (and of the Cedar River) was "Dxdəw". The Lushootseed name of the Duwamish tribe was "Dx'Dəw?Abš" or "Dkh'Duw'Absh", meaning 'People of the Inside'.

Elliott Bay

Elliott Bay is a part of the Central Basin region of Puget Sound. It is in the U.S. state of Washington. Seattle was founded on this body of water in the 1850s. The waterway goes to the Pacific Ocean. It is important to Seattle's economy.

Port of Seattle

The Port of Seattle is a government agency in charge of the seaport and airport of Seattle, Washington, United States. It is one of the largest ports of the United States and very important to Seattle's economy.

London Marathon

The London Marathon is an annual marathon held in London, United Kingdom. It was founded by athletes Chris Brasher and John Disley in 1981. It is usually held in April but has now moved to October. The largely flat course is set around the River Thames. It stars in Blackheath and finishes at The Mall.

Special Region of Yogyakarta

The Special Region of Yogyakarta (, pronounced ; Javanese: ꦣꦲꦺꦫꦃꦲꦶꦯ꧀ꦡꦶꦩꦺꦮꦔꦪꦺꦴꦒꦾꦏꦂꦠ "Dhaérah Istiméwa Yogyakarta") is a provincial-level autonomous region of Indonesia in the south of Java. Indian Ocean is on the southern side of the Special Region. The Special Region is located next to Central Java. Yogyakarta is ruled by the Yogyakarta Sultanate, the only official monarchy in the government of Indonesia. The city of Yogyakarta is a popular tourist destination and cultural center of the region.

The Yogyakarta Sultanate was established in 1755 and supported for Indonesia's independence during the Indonesian National Revolution (1945–1949). Yogyakarta is led by Sultan Hamengkubuwono X as the governor and Prince Paku Alam as the vice governor. The Special Region has a land area of 3,185.8km. It is the second-smallest province of Indonesia after Jakarta.

Special Region is led by a governor who is helped by a vice governor. The governor and vice governor of the Special Region are chosen by the President. The governor must be a Sultan of Yogyakarta and the vice governor must be a Price of Pakualaman

The Special Region of Yogyakarta is subdivided into four regencies ("kabupaten") and one city ("kota"):

The city of Yogyakarta is located in the Special Region of Yogyakarta. It is a hub of classical Javanese fine art and culture such as batik, ballet, drama, music, poetry, and puppet shows. It is also one of Indonesia's centers of higher education. At the city's center is the Sultan's palace called the "Kraton." The city spread in all directions from the Kraton, the modern city core is in the north.

The majority of the population is Muslim, which is 92.94%, followed by Catholic Christians 4.11%, then Protestant Christians 2.44%, Hindus 0.43%, Buddhists 0.09% and Confucianism 0.02%.

Yogyakarta Special Region has signed sister province relationship with region/state:


Power Rangers S.P.D.

Power Rangers S.P.D. (Space Patrol Delta) is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2005. It aired from February 5 to November 28, 2005, 40 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Dino Thunder". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Mystic Force" started in 2006.

In the future, the people of Earth welcome extraterrestrial beings to live with them. But peace is short-lived when the alien forces become destructive, driving the Power Rangers SPD into action.






Power Rangers Mystic Force

Power Rangers Mystic Force is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2006. It aired from February 13 to November 27, 2006 35 episodes. It in based on the Super Sentai series "Mahō Sentai Magiranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers S.P.D." A sequel to called "Power Rangers Operation Overdrive" started in 2007.

Years ago, a powerful spell sealed the evil forces within the Underworld. However, in the present day, when an earthquake jolts the Earth and sets them free, five teenagers try to save the world.






Power Rangers Operation Overdrive

Power Rangers Operation Overdrive is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2007. It aired from February 19 to November 26 2007 35 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "GoGo Sentai Boukenger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Mystic Force". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Jungle Fury" started in 2008.

Five teenagers set out to protect ancient jewels which hold great powers from the hands of two evil brothers who want to use it for selfish reasons.




Power Rangers Jungle Fury

Power Rangers Jungle Fury is a TV show Power Rangers started in 2008. It aired from February 11 to November 17 2008 35 episodes. It in based on the Super Sentai series "Juken Sentai Gekiranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Operation Overdrive". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers RPM" started in 2009.

When the evil Dai Shi escapes and hatches a plan which will allow animals to rule the human world, the Power Rangers set out on a mission to stop him.






Power Rangers RPM

Power Rangers RPM (Racing Performance Machines) is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2009. It aired from February 14 to December 26 2009 with 35 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Engine Sentai Go-onger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Jungle Fury". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Samurai" started in 2011 and ended in 2012.

AI computer virus Venjix is all set to attack Corinth, the only city that has survived the carnage by its droids. The RPM Power Rangers must learn to use the advanced biotech vehicles to save mankind.





Emersacker

Emersacker (Swabian: "Eamesacker") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Cairo Ohio River Bridge

The Cairo Ohio River Bridge is a cantilever bridge over the Ohio River. U.S. Route 51, U.S. Route 60, and U.S. Route 62 go on the bridge. The bridge is between Wickliffe, Kentucky and Cairo, Illinois. The Mississippi River can be seen while crossing the bridge.

Cairo Mississippi River Bridge

The Cairo Mississippi River Bridge is a cantilever bridge over the Mississippi River. U.S. Route 60 and U.S. Route 62 go on the bridge. The bridge is between Cairo, Illinois and Bird's Point, Missouri. The Ohio River can be seen while crossing the bridge.

Sarcohyla floresi

Sarcohyla floresi is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1461 and 2000 meters above sea level.

The tadpoles swim in streams. The adult frogs have a dark stripe down each side of their bodies. There is white color around the stripe.

Robin Uthappa

Robin Venu Uthappa (born 11 November 1985) is an Indian cricketer from Kodagu. Uthappa plays for the Kerala cricket team.

He is mostly a Batsman who rarely played as a wicket keeper. He is nicknamed "The Walking Assassin". He completed the 2014-15 Ranji Trophy season as the top scorer. He was a part of the 30 men Indian team for the 2015 Cricket World Cup.

José Ceschi

José Ramón Ceschi (9 January 1941 – 16 October 2021) was an Argentine Catholic priest, philosopher, writer and TV presenter.

José Ceschi was born on 9 January 1941 in "La Penca", Santa Fe Province, Argentina, began to dabble in religion when he was 16 years old, the age at which he made the novitiate and at 23 years old he was ordained a priest of the Franciscan order in the City of Rosario in 1964. He studied several languages in the United Kingdom and France, when he returned to Argentina he taught theology classes in the city of Rosario. 

In 2017, he suffered a stroke in which he had to be intervened, since then his health was compromised. After this, he was the target of fake news on numerous occasions, about his condition of health. 

On 16 October 2021, the San Francisco Solano de Rosario Parish confirmed Ceschi's death with a statement.

Ambalal Sarabhai

Ambalal Sarabhai was an Indian businessman and industrialist. He is well known as a philanthropist and staunch supporter of Mahatma Gandhi.

Ali (name)

Ali (, "ʿAlī") is a male Arabic name derived from the Arabic root ʕ-l-w, which literally means "high", "elevated" or "champion". Islamic traditional use of the name goes back to the Islamic leader Ali ibn Abi Talib but the name is also present among some pre-Islamic Arabs (e.g. Banu Hanifa, some rulers of Saba and Himyar) and identical in form and meaning to the Hebrew: עֵלִי‎, "Eli", which goes back to the High Priest Eli in the biblical Books of Samuel. The pronunciation of the name is [ ah-lee, ah-lee "for 1-4"; ah-lee "for 5" ]. This name was ranked #339 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

The name "Ali" also arises in other traditions. Among English-speakers as short for male and female names starting with "Al-" such as Alice, Alison, Alisha, Alistair, Alexander, or Alexandra. In Old Norse, Áli and Åle are alternate forms of Onela. Ali is also a Finnish male given name, derived from "Aleksanteri". 

It is also a relatively popular name in English, ranking #339 in 2021 and is more commonly used in the language male.





Crashbox

Crashbox is a Canadian/American television series for children. It was broadcast in the United States and Canada. The series teaches children about math, history, vocabulary and other subjects It was made between 1998 and 1999. The series aired during the relaunch of the HBO Family channel from February 1999 to April 2000. There has been no VHS or DVD releases for the series but it is available on streaming serivces in 2022.
The series was produced and filmed in Toronto and Malibu in the second half of 1998 to early 1999. Planet Grande Pictures signed a deal with Cuppa Coffee Studios to make a game show for both HBO and Planet Grande. They both worked for 7 months to make 13 hours of programming.

"Crashbox" is set inside a computer and a sculpted clay box. The format is similar to the 1970's "Electric Company" where parodies are shown that do not join to each other or follow a plot. Each half-hour episode is has about 2-to-5-minute educational games. Some episoded had an eighth game. There episodes were not common.

The series generally had positive reviews from both critics and audiences. However, some criticized the series for the overuse of gross out humor.

AlphaZero

AlphaZero is the computer program developed by artificial intelligence research company DeepMind. It plays the games of chess, shogi and go better than humans can. 

The algorithm uses an approach similar to AlphaGo Zero. Within 24 hours of training it reached a superhuman level of play in all three games. It defeated the previous world-champion programs Stockfish, elmo, and the three-day version of AlphaGo Zero.

808 State

808 State are an English electronic music group. It was formed in 1987 in Manchester. They are named after the Roland TR-808 drum machine. They were formed by Graham Massey, Martin Price and Gerald Simpson, and they released their debut album, "Newbuild", in September 1988. Their best known single is "Pacific State".

Pedro Feliciano

Pedro Juan Feliciano Molina (August 25, 1976 – November 8, 2021), nicknamed "Perpetual Pedro", was a Puerto Rican professional baseball left-handed pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Mets from 2002 to 2004, from 2006 to 2010, and in 2013, and in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks in 2005.

Feliciano died unexpectedly in Vega Alta, Puerto Rico on November 8, 2021 from problems caused by heart disease, aged 45.

Bas van der Vlies

Bastiaan Johannis "Bas" van der Vlies (29 June 1942 – 7 November 2021) was a Dutch politician and teacher. He was a member of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He was their party leader between 1986 until 2010. He was also a member of the House of Representatives from 1981 until 2010. Van der Vlies was born in Sliedrecht, Netherlands.

Van der Vlies died on 7 November 2021 in Utrecht, Netherlands from colon cancer, aged 79.


Abdul Wahab Dalimunthe

Abdul Wahab Dalimunthe (10 January 19398 November 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Rantau Prapat, North Sumatra, Indonesia. He was a member of the Golkar and Democratic Party. Dalimunthe was part of the People's Representative Council from 2009 until 2014 and again from 2017 until his death.

Dalimunthe died on 8 November 2021 at a hospital in Medan, Indonesia at the age of 81.

Kirsi Kunnas

Kirsi Marjatta Kunnas (14 December 1924 – 8 November 2021) was a Finnish poet, children's literature author and translator. Her works included poems, fairy tale books, drama, translations and non-fiction. Her books have been translated into Swedish, English, German, French, Hungarian, Estonian and Polish. 

Kunnas died in her sleep at her home in Ylöjärvi on 8 November 2021, aged 96.

Mahlagha Mallah

Mahlagha Mallah (‎; 21 September 1917 – 8 November 2021) was an Iranian librarian and environmental activist. She founded the Women's Society Against Environmental Pollution. She was known as the "Mother of Iran's Environment".

Mallah died on 8 November 2021 in Tehran, aged 104.

Wilhelm Schraml

Wilhelm Schraml (26 June 1935 – 8 November 2021) was a German Roman Catholic prelate. He was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Passau. He became a priest in 1961. 

In 1986 he became an Auxiliary Bishop of Regensburg. On 8 March 1986, he became titular bishop of Munatiana. In 2001, he became bishop of Passau.

Mary Beth Hurt

Mary Beth Hurt (born September 26, 1946) is an American actress. Her best known roles her in "Interiors" (1978), "The World According to Garp" (1982), "The Age of Innocence" (1993), and "Six Degrees of Separation" (1993).

Golden Camera

The Goldene camera is an annual German film and television award, awarded by the Funke Mediengruppe. The award show is usually held in early February in Hamburg, but has also taken place in Berlin in the past. The gold-plated silver award model was created by Berlin artist Wolfram Beck.

Stefan Yanev

Stefan Dinchev Yanev () is a Bulgarian Army officer and Brigade general. He was deputy prime minister and minister of defence from January to May 2017. He was caretaker Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 12 May 2021 until 13 December 2021.

Sergey Stanishev

Sergey Dmitrievich Stanishev (; born 5 May 1966) is a Bulgarian politician. He has been President of the Party of European Socialists since November 2011 and Member of the European Parliament (MEP). He was Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 2005 to 2009 and Member of the National Assembly from 1997 to 2014.

Affton, Missouri

Affton is a census-designated place (CDP) in south St. Louis County, Missouri, United States, near St. Louis. The population was 20,417 at the 2020 census.

Terry Goddard

Samuel Pearson Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Mayor of Phoenix from 1984 to 1990. He was the 24th Attorney General of Arizona from 2003 to 2011. Goddard is a member of the Democratic Party.

He ran for Governor of Arizona twice in 1990 and in 2010.

Gablingen

Gablingen (Swabian: "Gaablenge") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Schmutter.

Gessertshausen

Gessertshausen (Swabian: "Gessertshouse") is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Schmutter.

Graben, Bavaria

Graben () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Großaitingen

Großaitingen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Singold and Wertach rivers.

Heretsried

Heretsried () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hiltenfingen

Hiltenfingen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is part of the administrative region of Swabia and of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" of Langerringen.

It is located on the river Wertach, about 30 km south of Augsburg and one kilometer southwest of Schwabmünchen.

Horgau

Horgau () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

"Districts (villages) of the municipality Horgau:" Horgau, Horgauergreut, Auerbach, Bieselbach, Horgau Bahnhof, Lindgraben, Schäfstoß, Herpfenried

Kleinaitingen

Kleinaitingen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Klosterlechfeld

Klosterlechfeld () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kühlenthal

Kühlenthal () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kutzenhausen, Bavaria

Kutzenhausen () is a municipality in Augsburg district, Bavaria in Germany.

Kutzenhausen

Kutzenhausen may refer to:


Langenneufnach

Langenneufnach () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Langerringen

Langerringen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Langweid am Lech

Langweid am Lech () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipality is next to the river Lech, 9 miles north of Augsburg.

Mickhausen

Mickhausen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Mittelneufnach

Mittelneufnach () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Nordendorf

Nordendorf () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberottmarshausen

Oberottmarshausen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Scherstetten

Scherstetten () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Untermeitingen

Untermeitingen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ustersbach

Ustersbach () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is about west of Augsburg.

Walkertshofen

Walkertshofen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wehringen

Wehringen () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany it is 15km south of Augsburg.

Westendorf (Schmutter)

Westendorf () is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Schmutter.

Barnet Springs, Louisiana

Barnet Springs is an unincorporated community in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ouachita City, Louisiana

Ouachita City (also Ouachita or Washita) is an unincorporated community in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Summerfield, Louisiana

Summerfield is an unincorporated community in northeast Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located sixteen miles east of the parish seat of Homer.

Bourg, Louisiana

Bourg is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Chauvin, Louisiana

Chauvin is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dulac, Louisiana

Dulac is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gray, Louisiana

Gray is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Montegut, Louisiana

Montegut is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Presquille, Louisiana

Presquille is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Schriever, Louisiana

Schriever is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Estelle, Louisiana

Estelle is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Harvey, Louisiana

Harvey is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Marrero, Louisiana

Marrero is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

River Ridge, Louisiana

River Ridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Terrytown, Louisiana

Terrytown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Timberlane, Louisiana

Timberlane is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Woodmere, Louisiana

Woodmere is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

West Springfield, Massachusetts

West Springfield is a city in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, 28,835 people lived there.


Great National Assembly

The Great National Assembly (; MAN) was the legislature of the Socialist Republic of Romania (known as the Romanian People's Republic before 1965). After the overthrow of Communism in Romania in December 1989, the National Assembly was dissolved and replaced by the bicameral parliament.

Keith Bradshaw (cricketer)

Keith Bradshaw (2 October 1963 – 8 November 2021) was an Australian cricketer, accountant and administrator. He was a right-handed batsman who played in 25 first-class and nine List A limited-over matches for Tasmania between 1984–85 and 1987-88.

In November 2011 it was announced that South Australian Cricket Association had appointed Bradshaw as its next CEO.

Bradshaw died from multiple myeloma on 8 November 2021, aged 58.

Károly Király

Károly Király (26 September 1930 – 4 November 2021) was a Romanian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of Romania and the Democratic Alliance of Hungarians in Romania. He was in the Great National Assembly from 1969 to 1973 and the Senate of Romania from 1990 to 1992. He was born in Târnăveni, Kingdom of Romania.

Király died on 4 November 2021 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 91.

Heorhiy Kryuchkov

Heorhiy Kryuchkov (; 20 October 1929 – 4 November 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and later the Communist Party of Ukraine. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 1998 to 2006. Kryuchkov was born in Bilmak Raion, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Kryuchkov died on 4 November 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 92.

Battle of Marignano

The Battle of Marignano was the last major engagement of the War of the League of Cambrai and took place on 13–14 September 1515. It took place near the town now called Melegnano, 16 km southeast of Milan. It involved the French army led by Francis I, newly crowned King of France, against the Old Swiss Confederacy.

Italian Wars

The Italian Wars, often known as the Great Wars of Italy and sometimes as the Habsburg–Valois Wars, were a long series of wars fought between 1494 and 1559 in Italy during the Renaissance.

The conflicts involved the major powers of Italy and Europe.

The Violent Men

The Violent Men is a 1955 American western movie directed by Rudolph Maté and was based on the novel "Smoky Valley" by Donald Hamilton. It stars Glenn Ford, Barbara Stanwyck, Edward G. Robinson, Dianne Foster, Brian Keith, May Wynn and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Yonghe District

Yonghe District（）is an urban area in northern Taiwan. Yonghe District is in the southern part of New Taipei City and it is the smallest district in New Taipei City. Yonghe is one of the most densely populated urban areas in the world.

Middlefield, Connecticut

Middlefield is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,217 people lived there.


The Idolmaster: Starlit Season

The Idolmaster: Starlit Season is a raising simulation game. It is based on the anime "The Idolmaster". It was developed and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. The game was released on PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows, on October 14, 2021. It is a sequel to "."

Seymour, Connecticut

Seymour is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, 16,748 people lived there.


Sub-orbital spaceflight

A sub-orbital spaceflight is a flight that crosses the Kármán line. However, it does not gain enough speed to go to orbit.

Orbital spaceflight

Orbital spaceflight is when a spacecraft is fast enough to do an orbit.

Interplanetary spaceflight

Interplanetary spaceflight is when a spacecraft goes between planets.

Sarcohyla hazelae

Hazel's tree frog, ("Sarcohyla hazelae") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in pine-oak forests, in cloud forests, and in other mountain forests. People have seen it between 1,461 and 2,128 meters above sea level.

This frog is in some danger of dying out. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can kill this frog. Human beings change the places where the frog lives to get wood to build with. People also drain away the water in its streams.

This frog lays eggs in mountain streams.

Georgia State Route 10 Loop

State Route 10 Loop (SR 10 Loop, also known as the Athens Perimeter) is a state highway and freeway around most of downtown Athens, Georgia.

Alabama State Route 151

State Route 151 (SR 151, also known as Tapawingo Road) is a state highway in Pinson, Alabama. The southern end of the highway is at SR 79. The northern end of the highway is at SR 75.

Vermont Route 279

Vermont Route 279 (VT 279, also known as the Bennington Bypass), is a highway bypass of Bennington, Vermont. The highway is long. At the highway's west end, VT 279 continues into New York as New York State Route 915G (NY 915G), which goes to NY 7 in Hoosick, New York.

Brihaspati

Brihaspati (Sanskrit: बृहस्पति, IAST: Bṛhaspati), also known as Guru, is a Hindu god. In the ancient Vedic scriptures of Hinduism, Brihaspati is a deity associated with fire, and the word also refers to a rishi (sage) who counsels the devas (gods).

Bandai Visual

Bandai Visual Co., Ltd. was a Japanese anime, film production, and distribution enterprise, established by Bandai and a subsidiary of Bandai Namco Holdings. They focused mainly in international distribution of anime properties in North America.

Joan Kroc

Joan Beverly Kroc (née Mansfield, previously Smith; August 27, 1928 – October 12, 2003), also known as Joni, was an American philanthropist and third wife of McDonald's CEO Ray Kroc.

Orange, Connecticut

Orange is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census, 14,280 people lived there.


Tom and Jerry: Cowboy Up!

Tom and Jerry: Cowboy Up! is an 2022 American animated western comedy-adventure direct-to-video movie directed by Darrell Van Citters. It was released on January 25th, 2022 as the 16th film's installment of the Tom and Jerry Movie trilogy and the second reboot film of the series.

The Wild, Wild West just got wilder with Tom and Jerry on the ranch! This time, the rivals team up to help a cowgirl and her brother save their homestead from a greedy land-grabber, and they’re going to need some help! Jerry’s three precocious nephews are all ready for action, and Tom is rounding up a posse of prairie dogs. But can a ragtag band of varmints defeat a deceitful desperado determined to deceive a damsel in distress? No matter what happens with Tom and Jerry in the saddle, it’ll be a rootin’ tootin’ good time!


Musée Condé

Musée Condé is a French museum. It is located in Chantilly within the Château de Chantilly. That is north of Paris. It was given to the Institut de France, an academic society in 1840. At that time, it was redesigned to hold museum spaces. Remaining spaces became places for people to live. This was the building style of the 18th and 19th centuries.

Superactinides

The superactinides are elements with atomic numbers 121(unbiunnium(Ubu)) to 153(unpenttrium(Upt)). They are the furthest group in the Periodic table. As of 2021, none has been found. Scientists think they must have half-lives of only nanoseconds. The elements in this block are considered to be as g-block elements.

Katharine Walker

Katharine Sara Walker (born 30 October 1994 in Belfast) is a Northern Irish nurse, radio presenter and beauty pageant titleholder who was appointed as Miss Universe Ireland 2021 and represented Ireland at the Miss Universe 2021 pageant in Eilat, Israel. She was previously crowned as Miss Northern Ireland in 2018.

Walker was born and raised in Belfast, Northern Ireland. She is the younger sister of Gareth Walker with her parents Fred Walker and Wendy Walker. Walker went to Queen’s University Belfast in Belfast where she earned her bachelor’s degree in children’s nursing. In 2016, she started working as a pediatric nurse in intensive care at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children in Belfast. In 2019, she started working for Cool FM as a radio presenter.

On May 28, 2018, Walker competed at the Miss Northern Ireland 2018 pageant, where she won the title. On December 8, 2018, Walker represented Northern Ireland at Miss World 2018 and competed against 117 other candidates at the Sanya City Arena in Sanya, China, where she finished in the Top 30. She also won the "Top 24 at Miss World Sport" award at the contest.

On December 21, 2020, Walker was one of the 12 finalists who competed for the Miss Universe Ireland 2020 title in a virtual coronation ceremony, where she finished in the Top 7 and lost eventually winner Nadia Sayers. On November 8, 2021, Walker was appointed as Miss Universe Ireland 2021 and represented Ireland at Miss Universe 2021 in Eilat, Israel on December 12, 2021.

Georgia's 6th congressional district

Georgia's 6th congressional district is a suburban congressional district in the United States state of Georgia, based in the Atlanta metro area. The district has been represented by Democrat Lucy McBath in the House of Representatives since January of 2019. Due to its location in Georgia's northern suburbs, the district has swung dramatically toward the Democratic Party from the Republicans over the past six years. It voted for Republican Mitt Romney in 2012 by 61-37%, but when Donald Trump ran in 2016, it voted for him by just 48-47%, and then for Democrat Joe Biden in 2020, 55-44%. Reflecting this, the district's Cook PVI wemt from R+8 in 2019 (meaning it was eight points more Republican than the nation) to D+1 in 2021 (meaning that it was one point more Democratic than the nation).

That Man from Rio

That Man from Rio () is a 1964 French Italian adventure movie directed by Philippe de Borca and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo, Françoise Dorléac, Jean Servais, Adolfo Celi, Simone Renant, Roger Dumas. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1965.


Jean de-Dieu Soult

Nicolas Jean de Dieu Soult, duke de Dalmatie (1769 - 1851) was born in 1760 and he served as a French army general for Napoleon. He died in 1851.

Masayuki Matsushita


Hirata Shodo

Shodo Hirata was born in 1882 in Ushigome, Tokyo. He was the second son of Count Hirata Tosuke, who was a Japanese statesman and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan, active during the Meiji and Taishō periods of the Empire of Japan. After studying under Kawai Gyokudo, he entered the in 1901 and graduated in 1906. 


Miri, Malaysia

Miri is a coastal city in northeastern Sarawak, Malaysia, located on the island of Borneo. The city covers an area of 997.43 square kilometres (385.11 sq mi)

William Spaulding

William Ridley Spaulding (June 15, 1924 – November 1, 2021) was an American Democrat politician. He was born in North Carolina. He was one of the first people elected to Washington, D.C.'s local government council. His term lasted from 1975 until 1987.

Spaulding died on November 1, 2021 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 97.

Amalia Aguilar

Amalia Isabel Rodríguez Carriera (3 July 1924 – 8 November 2021), known professionally as Amalia Aguilar, was a Cuban-born Mexican dancer, vedette, actress and comedian. Her career began in 1946 and she retired in 2003. Aguilar was born in Matanzas, Cuba. 

Aguilar filmed 23 movies in just 10 years and appeared with many well known actors such as Buster Keaton. She appeared in "Al son del mambo", "Ritmos del Caribe", "Amor perdido" and "The Cha Cha Cha Widows" during the 1950s.

Aguilar died on 8 November 2021 in Miami, Florida at the age of 97.

Medina Dixon

Medina Dixon (November 2, 1962 – November 8, 2021) was an American basketball player. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She was a member of the United States women's national basketball team during the late 1980s and the early 1990s. She also played for Old Dominion University's women's basketball team. She won a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Dixon died on November 8, 2021 from pancreatic cancer in Boston, aged 59.

Mike Harris (racing driver)

Mike Harris (25 May 1939 – 8 November 2021) was a South African racing driver. He took part in one World Championship Formula One Grand Prix in 1962. He was born in Mufulira, then-Northern Rhodesia. He won the 1962 Rhodesian Championship with his Cooper T53, powered by an Alfa Romeo engine.

Harris died on 8 November 2021 in Durban, South Africa at the age of 82.

Gela Charkviani

Gela Charkviani (; 1 March 1939 – 9 November 2021) was a Georgian politician, writer, educator and television news anchor. He was born in Tbilisi, Georgia. Between 2006 and 2011, he was the Ambassador to the United Kingdom and Ireland. From 1976 to 1994 he anchored the Georgian TV's monthly "Globe" program. He was a presidential foreign advisor to Eduard Shevardnadze.

Charkviani died on 9 November 2021 at the age of 82 in Tbilisi.

Austin Currie

Joseph Austin Currie (11 October 1939 – 9 November 2021) was an Irish civil rights activist and politician. He was born in Dungannon, Northern Ireland. He was a member of Fine Gael and a founder of the Social Democratic and Labour Party. 

He was a member of the Parliament of Northern Ireland between 1964 until 1972, Teachta Dála from 1989 until 2002 and Minister of State for Justice from 1994 until 1997.

Currie died on 9 November 2021 at his home in Derrymullan, Ireland at the age of 82.

Parliament of Northern Ireland

The Parliament of Northern Ireland was the home rule legislature of Northern Ireland, created under the Government of Ireland Act 1920, which sat from 7 June 1921 to 30 March 1972. It was suspended because of The Troubles.


Desiet Kidane

Desiet Kidane (10 October 2000 – 8 November 2021) was an Eritrean professional racing cyclist. She rode for UCI Women's Continental Team. She rode in the women's road race at the 2019 UCI Road World Championships. Her career began in 2018. She was born in Asmara, Eritrea.

Kidane died after being hit by a car while training in Asmara on 8 November 2021, aged 21.

Iris Rezende

Iris Rezende Machado (22 December 1933 – 9 November 2021) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB). He was born in Cristianópolis, Goiás, Brazil. He was the Mayor of Goiânia three times (1966–1969, 2005–2010, 2017–2021). He was also Governor of Goiás twice (1983–1986, 1991–1994). From 1995 until 2003, he represented the state in the Brazilian Senate.

He was the Minister of Agriculture during the José Sarney presidency between 1986 until 1990. He later was the Minister of Justice and Public Security during the Fernando Henrique Cardoso presidency between 1997 until 1998.

Rezende died on 9 November 2021 at a hospital in São Paulo from problems caused by a stroke, aged 87.

Kyle Larson

Kyle Miyata Larson (born July 31, 1992) is an American professional auto racing driver. He competes full-time in the NASCAR Cup Series. Larson is the 2021 NASCAR Cup Series champion.

Ranchos de Taos, New Mexico

Ranchos de Taos is a census-designated place (CDP) in Taos County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 2,707 at the 2020 census.

GEICO

The Government Employees Insurance Company (GEICO ) is an American auto insurance company. Its headquarters is in Chevy Chase, Maryland. It is the second largest auto insurer in the United States, after State Farm.

Leo Burnett

Leo Burnett (October 21, 1891 – June 7, 1971) was an American advertising businessman. He was the founder of Leo Burnett Company, Inc. He helped create Tony the Tiger, the Marlboro Man, the Maytag Repairman, United's "Fly the Friendly Skies", and Allstate's "Good Hands". He worked for McDonald's, Hallmark and Coca-Cola. 

In 1999, Burnett was named by "Time" as one of the 100 most influential people of the 20th century.

Hawthorn Woods, Illinois

Hawthorn Woods is a village in Fremont and Ela townships in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 9,062 at the 2020 census.

Claude Nelson Warren

Claude Nelson Warren (March 18, 1932 – November 4, 2021) was an American anthropologist. His works focused on early humans in the Far West such as in the California Desert. He helped define San Dieguito and La Jolla complexes. Warren worked at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. He was born in Goldendale, Washington.

Warren died on November 4, 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 89.

Goldendale, Washington

Goldendale is a city and county seat of Klickitat County, Washington, United States. It is near the Columbia River Gorge. The population was 3,407 at the 2010 census.

3 Words

3 Words is the debut studio album by English singer Cheryl Cole released on 23 October 2009 by Fascination Records. Musically, it features a dance-pop and R&B sound to it. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, selling 125,271 copies in its first week. The album also charted on the Irish, Australian and Swiss charts. In the UK the album was certified three times Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and has since sold 1,000,000 copies in the country alone.

"3 Words" received generally favourable reviews from music critics, earning a rating of 62 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 6 reviews.

Sample credits

A digital EP featuring the three B-sides to the three singles from the "3 Words" album, titled "3 Words – The B-Sides EP", was released online on 18 April 2010 from Fascination Records.


The album debuted at number one in the UK with sales of 125,271. It then retained the number 1 position for another week. On 6 November 2009 the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) certified the album platinum. It has since gone 3× Platinum, with sales of over 1,000,000 copies.

Messy Little Raindrops

Messy Little Raindrops is the second studio album by British singer Cheryl Cole, released on 29 October 2010 by Fascination Records. The project is the follow-up to Cole's multi-platinum debut solo album "3 Words" (2009). Musically, "Messy Little Raindrops" features a more dance-pop oriented sound, as well as Cole's pop and R&B sound of "3 Words".

The album debuted at number one in the UK becoming her second to do so, and at number two in Ireland. On 19 August 2011 the album was certified Platinum by BPI, with shipments in the UK in the excess of 300,000.

"Messy Little Raindrops" received mixed reviews from music critics. However, the album was nominated as the worst album of the year by "NME".



A Million Lights

A Million Lights is the third studio album by English singer Cheryl, released on 15 June 2012 through Fascination Records. Following her divorce from English footballer Ashley Cole, this is Cheryl's first album to be released under her first name Cheryl, dropping her married surname. The album is heavily rooted in pop, dance and R&B and also features elements of hip hop, dubstep, house, dance-pop and electronic music in its overall sound.

"A Million Lights" received mainly mixed to positive reviews upon its release.

Notes

Credits for "A Million Lights" adapted from AllMusic.


Campton, New Hampshire

Campton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. At the 2020 census, 3,343 people lived there.


Sarcohyla arborescandens

The lesser Bromeliad tree frog, ("Sarcohyla arborescandens") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1800 and 3100 meters above sea level.

This frog lays eggs in streams, and scientists have seen it in some streams in places that people have changed, such as streams where the trees have been cut down.

Scientists believe human beings in Veracruz may catch this frog to eat.

Bad Brückenau

Bad Brückenau () is a spa town in the Bad Kissingen district in northwestern Bavaria in the Rhön Mountains.

Hammelburg

Hammelburg is a town in the district of Bad Kissingen, in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Franconian Saale, 25 km west of Schweinfurt.

In the fictional "" 13 is located just outside of Hammelburg with the protaganist visiting the town on numerous occasions.


Gabriel Mouton

Gabriel Mouton (1618 – 28 September 1694) was a French abbot and scientist. He was a doctor of theology from Lyon, but was also interested in mathematics and astronomy. His 1670 book, the , proposed a natural standard of length based on the circumference of the Earth, divided decimally. It was influential in the adoption of the metric system in 1799. pp

Sayfi

Sayfi () is a school (Madhhabs) of "Fiqh" or religious law within Sunni Islam. It is named after Sayf ibn Umar, and based on his interpretations.

Bimalendra Nidhi

Bimalendra Nidhi (Maithili/Nepali/Devanagari: बिमलेन्द्र निधि ); is the former Deputy Prime Minister of Nepal and Minister of Home Affairs of Nepal. He is the present vice-president of Nepali Congress, the governing party of the Nepal.

Nepali Congress

The Nepali Congress ( ; abbr. NC) is the largest social democratic political party in Nepal. It has been the ruling party of Nepal since July 2021.

The only party in Nepal to have been elected with a majority, NC formed a majority government post three elections; in 1959, 1991 and 1999. Similarly, it emerged as the single largest party from the 2013 Constituent Assembly election, and played a leading role in the promulgation of Constitution of Nepal in 2015.

The party was formed in 1950 by the merger of the Nepali National Congress and the Nepal Democratic Congress along democratic socialist lines. NC prime ministers led four governments between the fall of the Rana dynasty and the start of the Panchayat era, including the first democratically-elected government of Nepal, after the 1959 general election.


 According to the website of Nepali Congress, the following are its sister organizations.

Tectonic uplift

Tectonic uplift is when part of the Earth's surface is lifted up.

Wisconsin's 3rd congressional district

Wisconsin's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in Wisconsin. It has been represented by Democrat Ron Kind since 1997. It is located in western Wisconsin, along the Minnesota-Wisconsin border. The district has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+4, meaning it is roughly four points more conservative than the country. It is one of just seven districts to support Donald Trump in 2020 but also elect a representative from the Democratic Party.

This district used to favor the Democrats, but has recently begun favoring Republicans slightly. This can be seen by Representative Kind's decreasing margins in recent years: he won 56.5% in 2014, 99.9% in 2016 (he had no opponent), and 59.7% in 2018 - all high percentages - but just 51.3% in 2020, a very narrow victory. The district has also gone from supporting Democrat Barack Obama in 2012, 55-44%, to supporting Republican Donald Trump 49-44% in 2016 and 52-47% in 2020, and the Cook PVI went from even (meaning it was as competitive as the country) to R+4 (meaning it was conservative-leaning). With popular Representative Kind having announced his retirement, some think the district will elect a Republican representative in 2022 for the first time in the 21st century.

Toro Rosso STR9

The Toro Rosso STR9 is a Formula One racing car designed by Scuderia Toro Rosso to start in the 2014 Formula One season. It was driven by Jean-Éric Vergne and 2013 GP3 Series champion Daniil Kvyat, who replaced Daniel Ricciardo after Ricciardo moved to Red Bull Racing. The STR9 was the first Toro Rosso car to use an engine built by Renault, the Energy F1-2014. The Toro Rosso STR9 was also the first Italian-licensed F1 car to use Renault engines since the Benetton B201 in 2001.

‡ — Teams and drivers scored double points at the 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix

Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist)

The Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist), abbreviated CPN (UML) (), is the major party in Nepal and is the main rival of governing Nepali Congress at all levels since the 1990s. It is the main opposition party in the Federal Parliament of Nepal. It remains the opposition party in all three tiers of government, namely: local, state and central government.


Villacañas

Villacañas is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.

Annette Chalut

Annette Brigitte Chalut ( Weill; 29 April 1924 – 8 November 2021) was a French physician. She was a member of the French Resistance during the Second World War. Chalut was born in Paris, France. In 2016, she was awarded the rank of grand officier of the Légion d’honneur.

Chalut died on 8 November 2021 in Paris, at the age of 97.

Margo Guryan

Margo Guryan (September 20, 1937 – November 8, 2021) was an American pop jazz singer-songwriter and pianist. She was known for her 1960s song "Sunday Mornin'". Her 1968 album "Take a Picture" is also well known. Guryan was born in New York City. 

Guryan died on November 8, 2021 in Los Angeles at the age of 84.

Jun Hong Lu

Jun Hong Lu (, 4 August 1959 – 10 November 2021) was a Chinese-born Australian alleged cult leader. He was the founder and leader of the Guan Yin Citta Dharma Door organisation. He was born in Shanghai, China. 

Lu died on 10 November 2021 in Sydney, Australia from an illness, aged 62.

Miroslav Žbirka

Miroslav Žbirka (21 October 1952 – 10 November 2021) was a Slovak pop music singer-songwriter and guitarist. In the late 1970s, Žbirka co-founded two Czechoslovak pop music bands - Modus and Limit.

Žbirka died on 10 November 2021 at a hospital in Prague, Czech Republic from sepsis caused by pneumonia, aged 69.


Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising

Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising is a 2016 American comedy movie directed by Nicholas Stoller and written by Stoller, Andrew J. Cohen, Brendan O'Brien, Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. It is a sequel to "Neighbors" (2014).

It stars, Rogen, Rose Byrne, Chloë Grace Moretz, Zac Efron, Dave Franco, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Jerrod Carmichael, Ike Barinholtz, Carla Gallo, Hannibal Buress, and Lisa Kudrow.

It was released on May 20, 2016, in the United States, receiving mostly positive reviews.

Ike Barinholtz

Isaac Barinholtz (born February 18, 1977) is an American actor, comedian, writer, director, and producer. He is best known for his starring roles in the comedy series "MADtv" (2002–2007), "Eastbound & Down" (2012), "The Mindy Project" (2012–2017), and "Bless the Harts" (2019–2021).

Carla Gallo

Carla Paolina Gallo (born June 24, 1975) is an American actress. Gallo has had roles in the television series "Undeclared", "Carnivàle", "Bones" and "Californication". She is known for appearing in Judd Apatow movies. Her career began in 1994. Gallo was born in New York City.

Harry Shum Jr.

Harry Shum Jr (born April 28, 1982) is a Costa Rican-American actor, singer, dancer, and choreographer. He played Mike Chang on the Fox television series "Glee" and Magnus Bane on the Freeform television series "Shadowhunters".

James Saito

James Tomio Saito (born March 6, 1955) is a Japanese-American actor. Saito played the original Shredder in "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", Dr. Chen in the ABC series "Eli Stone", Harry Kim in the Netflix movie "Always Be My Maybe", and Kenji on "Modern Love".

Love Hard (movie)

Love Hard is a 2021 American romantic comedy movie directed by Hernán Jiménez. It stars Nina Dobrev, Jimmy O. Yang, Darren Barnet, Matty Finochio, James Saito and Harry Shum Jr..

It is about a young woman who travels to her online crush's hometown in Lake Placid, New York for Christmas, but discovers she's been lied to about her crush's identity.

Gladewater, Texas

Gladewater is a city in Gregg and Upshur counties in the U.S. state of Texas. 6,134 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Willow (movie)

Willow is a 1988 American dark fantasy drama movie directed by George Lucas and co-directed by Ron Howard. It was produced by Nigel Wooll and written by George Lucas and Bob Dolman. It stars Warwick Davis, Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Jean Marsh, and Billy Barty. 

VHS on November 22, 1988 by MGM/UA Home Video and had MGM Home Entertainment re-released the film on VHS and on DVD for "special edtion" to THX and THX Optimizer in November 2001.

Roger Zatkoff

Roger Zatkoff (March 25, 1931 – November 10, 2021) was an American football player and businessman. He was born in Hamtramck, Michigan. He played as a linebacker and defensive end. His career lasted from 1953 until 1958. He played for the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers. 

Zatkoff died on November 10, 2021 at the age of 90.

Hamtramck, Michigan

Hamtramck ( ) is a city in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 28,433.

Gavan O'Herlihy

Gavan John O'Herlihy (29 July 1951 – 15 September 2021) was an Irish-born American actor. He was known for playing Chuck Cunningham in the first episode of "Happy Days". He also had roles in "Never Say Never Again", "Willow", and "Superman III".

O'Herlihy died in Bath, Somerset on 15 September 2021, at the age of 70.

Pavol Molnár

Pavol Molnár (13 February 1936 – 6 November 2021) was a Slovak footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 20 matches and scored three goals between 1956 until 1962. Molnár was born in Bratislava, then-Czechoslovakia.

Molnár died on 6 November 2021 in Bratislava at the age of 85.

ŠK Slovan Bratislava

ŠK Slovan Bratislava (, "Bratislava Slav") is a football club. It is based in Bratislava, Slovakia. They play in the Slovak Super Liga. It was founded in 1919. Slovan is the most successful team in Slovakia with the most titles in both league and cup in the country.

Rinus Bennaars

Rinus Bennaars (14 October 1931 – 8 November 2021) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. Bennaars was born in Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands. His career lasted from 1951 until 1966. He played for Feyenoord between 1959 until 1964, making 133 appearances. He also made 15 appearances for the national team between 1951 until 1963.

Bennaars died on 8 November 2021 in Bergen op Zoom at the age of 90.


Henning Christophersen

Henning Christophersen (8 November 1939 – 31 December 2016) was a Danish politician. He was the Vice President of the European Commission (1985–1995). He also was the leader of the Danish liberal party "Venstre" (1978–1984) and member of the European Convention. 

Pasir Gudang

Pasir Gudang is a major city in the industrial sector in Johor, Malaysia. The city is administered by the Pasir Gudang City Council (MBPG) which is a special body owned by the Johor Corporation. It was accorded city status on 22 November 2020.

Raja Perempuan Budriah

Raja Perempuan Besar Tengku Budriah binti Almarhum Tengku Ismail (28 March 1925-28 November 2008) was the Raja Perempuan of Perlis and the third Raja Permaisuri Agong of Malaysia.
Tengku Budriah binti Almarhum Tengku Ismail was born on the 28th of March 1925, in Kuala Krai (Kerai) in Kelantan, then part of the Unfederated Malay States, to Tengku Ismail Tengku Nik Haji, son of the 3rd Raja of Patani, in South Thailand,and to Tengku Besar Zabedah Tengku Abdul Kadir, eldest daughter of Sultan Abdul Kadir, 5th Raja of Patani.

She married Putra of Perlis in 1941, when she became exiled from Perlis following the Japanese occupation of Malaysia. In 1945, he, along with Tengku Budriah, returned to Perlis, where he was made Raja of Perlis and she was made Raja Perempuan of Perlis.

When Putra of Perlis died in 2000, she was made Raja Perempuan Besar of Perlis until her own death in 2008.

She was made Raja Permaisuri Agong in 1960, following Putra of Perlis' ascension to the throne as Yang di-Pertuan Agong.

Newton, New Hampshire

Newton is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,820 people lived there.


Gokyo Lakes

Gokyo Lakes are lakes in Nepal's Sagarmatha National Park. They are located at the height of above sea level. These lakes make the world's highest freshwater lake system with six main lakes. Among them Thonak Lake is the largest. In September 2007, Gokyo and sorrounding wetlands of were made into a Ramsar site.

Gokyo Lakes are located in Khumjung, a village of Solukhumbu District in Sagarmatha Zone in north-eastern Nepal. Gokyo Cho, also called Dudh Pokhari, is the main lake with an area of . At the eastern shore of this lake is Gokyo village. Thonak Cho is the largest lake with an area of . Gyazumpa Cho is in size, while Tanjung Cho has an area of , and Ngojumba Cho has an area of .

As sources of permanent fresh water they have high hydrological value. They get water from various sources, such as water that flows underground from the Ngozumpa glacier, a stream coming from the Renjo La pass from north-west, and another stream coming from the Ngozumpa glacier in the east. These wetlands are filled with water from many glaciers.

The water from there goes to the Dudh Kosi through the Taujon Lake and the Longabanga Lake. These lakes are deeper than researchers use to believe. Fourth Lake (Thonak Cho) is the deepest lake which is 62.4 m deep. After that is the Gokyo Lake which is 43 m deep. A direct connection between the Gokyo Lake and the upper Thonak Cho and the Ngozumpa Cho has not been seen. However, these lakes may be connected through an underground water supply. The Gokyo lake system is naturally at risk, as it is in an ecologically risky and unstable zone. The outburst of the Ngozumpa glacier is always a danger to the existence of the lakes.

The Gokyo lake system of 19 lakes is covers an area of and is at the hight between . The wetland lies at the start of of the Dudh Kosi river, which flows down from Cho Oyu.

The Gokyo Lakes are considered sacred by both Hindus and Buddhists. About 500 Hindus take a holy bath in the lakes during the Janai Purnima festival, which usually occurs in the month of August. On average 7,000 tourists visit the Gokyo Lakes every year. The site is worshipped as the residing place of 'Nag Devata' (Snake God). A temple of the Hindu gods Vishnu and Shiva is at the western corner of the lake. The belief that birds and wildlife should not be harmed has protected the animals in this region for a long time.

Gokyo is among the most popular places for tourist to visit. From there, people can go towards the Sagarmatha base camp and other areas. Gokyo village at height is a major centre in the area. The site is two days' walk uphill from Namche Bazaar. A visit to the area usually includes climbing Gokyo Ri.

The Gokyo Lakes are also part of a longer Everest Base Camp trek known as the EBC trek through the Gokyo Lakes. This trek is commonly hiked by people with slightly more time to trek as the path is 4 days longer than the usual EBC trek. The Gokyo Lakes trek also has the benefit of being a circular route, unlike the usual EBC trek where people return using the same path.

Lemongrass (disambiguation)

Lemongrass is any plant in the genus Cymbopogon.

Lemongrass may also refer to:


Power Rangers Samurai

Power Rangers Samurai is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2011. It aired from February 7 to December 15 2011-2012 45 episodes. It in based on the Super Sentai series "Samurai Sentai Shinkenger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers RPM". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Megaforce" started in 2013-2014.

"Samurai" also returns to a multi-seasonal format with the second season, which is titled Power Rangers Super Samurai, started in 2012 and is officially considered the 19th season of Power Rangers overall.

The Samurai Power Rangers-Red Ranger Jayden Shiba, the stotic leader; Blue Ranger Kevin Douglas, the devoted second-in-command; Pink Ranger Mia Watanabe, the big sister; Green Ranger Mike Fernandez, the creative rebell; Yellow Ranger Emily Stewart, the youngest and most innocent; and Gold Ranger Antonio Garcia, the expressive fisherman/tech wiz with Red Ranger Lauren Shiba.

Samurai Rangers



Aura an der Saale

Aura an der Saale is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Bad Bocklet

Bad Bocklet is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany. It is a market town and a health spa.


Burkardroth

Burkardroth is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Elfershausen

Elfershausen is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Euerdorf

Euerdorf is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

London Southend Airport

Global figures show, London Southend Airport (IATA Code: SEN) welcomed 2,035,535 (Wikipedia) passengers through its doors in 2019. The airport itself sits to the north of Southend-on-Sea, separated from the town of its namesake by the A127, which joins the M25 at junction 29, north of the Dartford Thames river crossing. 

Most aircraft operating at the airport are mostly short regional flights or short-haul international flights to destinations such as the north of Spain, Bilbao and the south of France. Most Aircraft are operated by either EasyJet, and their small A320NEO family aircraft and Flybe, who operate turboprop aircraft that have a maximum capacity of just over 60 people. Therefore, due to the airport's short runway, much like London City Airport's (IATA Code: LCY), larger wide-bodied aircraft produced to serve long-haul routes, such as the A350, A380, Boeing 747 and Boeing 777, are unable to land at the airport. As a result, the airport is limited by the runway size, along with it's sole terminal's floor space to become a destination to many more tourists from around the United Kingdom and the rest of the World. 

Another limiting factor is it's accessibility from central London, as larger airports such as Heathrow, Gatwick and Stanstead are easier and quicker to access due to the infrastructure already in place, such as the M25, M23 and M11 respectively, whereas the A127 doesn't have the capacity of the M25 or M23, due to its 2 lanes and 50 mph national speed limit. Southend Airport's location puts it at a great disadvantage too, as many larger airports are closer to the touristic hub of central London, as tourists and visitors have greater ease of access to central London.

Manager (association football)

In football (soccer), a manager is a person who control the team's strategies and move (from one place to another). Another word for a manager is a "coach".

Union Buildings

The Union Buildings (Afrikaans: "Uniegebou") form the official seat of the South African Government and also has the offices of the President of South Africa. The buildings are located on the Meintjieskop in Pretoria, which is the highest point of the city. In December 2013, the buildings were declared a national heritage site. Designed by Herbert Baker, the buildings were made from sandstone.

Fuchsstadt

Fuchsstadt is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Geroda, Lower Franconia

Geroda is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Geroda is in the nature park Bayerische Rhön, in the Thulba valley, on the southern side of the so-called "Schwarze Berge" ("black mountains").


Maßbach

Maßbach is a market town and municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Motten

Motten is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Münnerstadt

Münnerstadt is a town in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria, Germany.


Nüdlingen

Nüdlingen is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberleichtersbach

Oberleichtersbach is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality includes the following towns:


Power Rangers Megaforce

Power Rangers Megaforce is a Canadian Childrens TV show From Nelvana Limited "Power Rangers" started in 2013. It aired from February 2 to November 22 2013-2014 42 episodes. It in based on the Super Sentai series "Tensou Sentai Goseiger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Samurai". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Dino Charge" started in 2015-2016.

The second season, and the overall 21st season of Power Rangers, is called Power Rangers Super Megaforce and started in 2014. "Super Megaforce" uses footage, costumes and props from "Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger".

When the evil Warstar alien attacked Earth, the supernatural guardian Gosei, assigned to protect the Earth by Zordon, and his faithful robot assistant Tensou recruit five teenagers with attitude to combat the invading forces. Equipped with powers that grant them mystery over martial arts and others forms of combat, the teenagers transform into the latest champions of good: The Power Rangers Megaforce.

In the second "Super Megaforce" season, when an alien armada led by Prince Vakar - the brother of Vrak - plans to invade the Earth, Gosei gives the Megaforce Rangers new
Morphers and special keys to allow them to become the Super Megaforce Rangers and also imbues them with the power to transform into any past "Legendary" Power Rangers. In course
of time, due to their virtues and fighting spirit, they unlock various megazords of the past rangers (meeting several along the way). An alien named Orion, whose home world was destroyed by the armada, then joins their ranks as the Silver Ranger, and gets all the legendary Sixth Ranger along with those of Robo Knight. Later, in a battle with the most
powerful machines of evil, the Megazords of the Rangers as well as their Legendary Megazords are destroyed. After that, Troy and Orion enter the ship of Vrak and Vekar's father
the Warstar Emperor Marvo, fight him, and unleash the ship's power, which destroys every other ship in the Armada. Later they both succeed in destroying Marvo and then they
return to the ground. The Rangers then find that thousands of X-Borgs, the innumerable soldiers of The Armada, have been let loose on them. At this point, all the Legendary
Rangers, whose powers the Rangers have been using throughout the series, appear to help them. Together, all the Rangers destroy the X-Borgs, saving the Earth.




Nameplate capacity

Nameplate capacity, also known as the rated capacity, nominal capacity, installed capacity, or maximum effect, is the output of a facility such as a power station, electric generator, a chemical plant, fuel plant, metal refinery, mine, and many others. Nameplate capacity is the number registered with government authorities for classifying the power output of a power station; it is usually written in megawatts (MW).

Power plants with an output consistently near their nameplate capacity have a high capacity factor.

Sarcohyla robertsorum

Robert's tree frog ("Sarcohyla robertsorum") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in streams that run through meadows and pine and fir forests high up in the hills. Scientists have seen it between 2250 and 3050 meters above sea level.

Oberthulba

Oberthulba is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Oerlenbach

Oerlenbach is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Douvres-la-Délivrande, France

Ramsthal

Ramsthal is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Rannungen

Rannungen is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Riedenberg

Riedenberg is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Schondra

Schondra is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Sulzthal

Sulzthal is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Thundorf in Unterfranken

Thundorf is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Wartmannsroth

Wartmannsroth is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Wildflecken

Wildflecken is a municipality in the Bad Kissingen district, at the border of northwestern Bavaria and southern Hesse. In 2005, its population was 3,285; the postal code is 97772 (US Forces used APO NY 09026). Wildflecken is in the picturesque Rhön mountains.


Zeitlofs

Zeitlofs is a municipality in the district of Bad Kissingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Schlüsselfeld

Schlüsselfeld is a town on the southwestern edge of the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.

Scheßlitz

Scheßlitz (or "Schesslitz"; Main-Franconian: "Schääz") is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and is on the rise to the Franconian Switzerland on the A 70 between Bamberg and Bayreuth, being 14 km northeast of the former.


The Death of the Author

"The Death of the Author" is an essay written by Roland Barthes. In the essay, he argues that facts about an author (for example, the author's personal life, views, or intentions) do not matter when talking about what a work means.

State President of South Africa

The state president of the Republic of South Africa () was the head of state of South Africa from 1961 to 1994. The office was created when the country became a republic in 1961. The office was abolished in 1994 when Nelson Mandela was democratically elected as the first President of South Africa.



Jerry Douglas (actor)

Jerry Douglas (November 12, 1932 – November 9, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for playing the role of John Abbott for 25 years on the daytime television serial "The Young and the Restless". He was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts.

Douglas died after a brief illness in Los Angeles, California on November 9, 2021, at the age of 88, three days before his 89th birthday.

Lloyd McCuiston

Lloyd Carlisle McCuiston Jr. (March 26, 1918 – November 9, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1961 to 1994. McCuiston was also a veteran of World War II. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee. McCuiston was also the State Speaker of the House between 1981 until 1983.

McCuiston turned 100 in March 2018. He died in Memphis on November 9, 2021, at the age of 103.

Per Aage Brandt

Per Aage Brandt (26 April 1944 – 11 November 2021) was a Danish writer, poet, translator, linguist and musician. He was born in Buenos Aires. Brandt published a large number of books about linguistics, culture, and music as well as poetry. His career began in 1969. He translated the works of Molière and Marquis de Sade.

Brandt died on 11 November 2021 in Copenhagen, Denmark at the age of 

Graeme Edge

Graeme Charles Edge (30 March 1941 – 11 November 2021) was an English rock musician, songwriter, and poet. He was best known as the co-founder and drummer of the English band the Moody Blues. In 2018, Edge was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Moody Blues. Edge was born in Rocester, Staffordshire.

Edge died on 11 November 2021 in Sarasota, Florida from cancer, aged 80.

Lee Ying-yuan

Lee Ying-yuan (; 16 March 1953 – 11 November 2021) was a Taiwanese politician. He was elected to the Legislative Yuan in 1995 and resigned in 2000. 

In 2005, Lee was made the Minister of Council of Labor Affairs, which he led until 2007. Lee has also was Secretary-General of the Executive Yuan and the Democratic Progressive Party. He was reelected to the Legislative Yuan in 2012. He was appointed the Minister of Environmental Protection Administration in 2016.

He was Taiwan's representative to Thailand from 2020 to 2021. He was born in Yunlin County, Taiwan.

Lee died on 11 November 2021 in Taipei, Taiwan from a rare form of pancreatic cancer, aged 68.

Lee Maracle

Bobbi Lee Maracle (born Marguerite Aline Carter; July 2, 1950 – November 11, 2021) was a Canadian First Nations writer, activist and academic. Her first book, an autobiography called "Bobbi Lee: Indian Rebel", was published in 1975. Maracle's work focussed on the lives of Indigenous people, mainly women in Canada. She also wrote the 1993 novel "Ravensong".

Maracle was named an officer of the Order of Canada in 2018.

Maracle died on November 11, 2021, at a hospital in Surrey, British Columbia at the age of 71.

Simon Woods

Simon Woods (born 7 January 1980) is an English actor, playwright and writer. He is best known for his role as Octavian in Season 2 of the British-American television series "Rome" and in the 2005 "Pride & Prejudice" as Charles Bingley.

Woods is openly gay.

Speed Buggy

Speed Buggy is an American animated television series, produced by Hanna-Barbera, which originally aired for one season on CBS from September 8, 1973, to December 22, 1973. With the voices of Mel Blanc, Michael Bell, Arlene Golonka, and Phil Luther Jr., the show follows an orange anthropomorphic dune buggy who alongside teenagers Debbie, Mark, and Tinker, solves mysteries while participating in racing competitions around the world. The series was produced by Iwao Takamoto, executive produced by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, and directed by Charles A. Nichols.

Flower Hill, New York

Flower Hill is a village in Nassau County, on the North Shore of Long Island, in New York, United States.

John Butterfill

Sir John Valentine Butterfill FRICS (14 February 1941 – 7 November 2021) was a British politician. He was the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP). He represented Bournemouth West. His term lasted from 1983 until he retired during the 2010 general election. Butterfill was born in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey.

Butterfill died on 7 November 2021, aged 80.

Winter (dolphin)

Winter ( – November 11, 2021) was an American bottlenose dolphin. She lived at the Clearwater Marine Aquarium in Clearwater, Florida. She was widely known for having a prosthetic tail. 

Winter was the inspiration for "Dolphin Tale", the 2011 movie of the same name, and its sequel. Winter was found in the coastal waters of Florida on December 10, 2005. She was caught in a crab trap, which caused in the loss of her tail. 

On November 7, 2021, Winter got sick with a gastrointestinal infection. She died from the infection at the Clearwater Marine Aquarium on November 11, 2021 at aged 16.

Gastrointestinal disease

Gastrointestinal diseases are about diseases that affect the gastrointestinal tract. They include the oesophagus, stomach, small intestine, large intestine, rectum, the liver, gallbladder, and pancreas.

Dolphin Tale

Dolphin Tale is a 2011 American 3D family drama movie directed by Charles Martin Smith. It stars Harry Connick Jr., Ashley Judd, Nathan Gamble, Kris Kristofferson, Cozi Zuehlsdorff and Morgan Freeman. The book and movie are inspired by the true story of Winter, a bottlenose dolphin who lost her tail in 2005 and uses a prosthetic one.

The movie was released on September 23, 2011, by Warner Bros. Pictures to positive reviews. A sequel, "Dolphin Tale 2", was released on September 12, 2014.

Dolphin Tale 2

Dolphin Tale 2 is a 2014 American family movie written and directed by Charles Martin Smith. It is the sequel to his 2011 movie "Dolphin Tale". The movie stars Harry Connick Jr., Ashley Judd, Nathan Gamble, Cozi Zuehlsdorff, Kris Kristofferson, Morgan Freeman, Juliana Harkavy, Austin Stowell, Betsy Landin, Austin Highsmith and Tom Nowicki with Bethany Hamilton.

It was released on September 12, 2014.

Steakhouse

A steakhouse, steak house, or chophouse refers to a restaurant that specializes in steaks and chops. They are found mainly in North America. Modern steakhouses may also carry other cuts of meat including poultry, roast prime rib, and veal, as well as fish and other seafood.

Chophouses started in London in the 1690s and served individual portions of meat, known as chops. The traditional nature of the food served was maintained through the later 19th century despite the new cooking styles from the Continent, which were becoming fashionable. The houses were normally only open for men.

The steakhouse started in the United States in the mid-19th century as a development from traditional inns and bars. Steakhouses can be casual or formal fine dining restaurants.

The oldest chophouse in London Simpson's Tavern is regarded as an institution of London and retains its 19th century decor. The oldest continuously operating steakhouse in the United States is the Old Homestead Steakhouse in New York City, established in 1868. Prior to that there were chophouses in New York City such as Cobweb Hall, owned by David Pattullo, which was known for their mutton chops and offered additional menu options such as beefsteaks, lamb kidneys, bacon, and potatoes.

Today, steakhouses are found throughout the USA.

Kilkenny, New Hampshire

Kilkenny is a township in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, zero people lived there, making it a ghost town.


Dhaka topi

The Dhaka topi ( ), is a hat which is popular in Nepal among Nepalis and North Indian states of Sikkim and Assam, including Darjeeling and Dehradun among Sikkimese and Indian Gorkhas. It is a part of Nepalese and Indian-Gorkha national dress, worn by men on celebrations snd and festivals.

"Dhaka ko Topi" in Nepali means a "hat made of Dhaka cloth". Dhaka cloth is fine cotton cloth that used to be imported from Dhaka, the current capital of Bangladesh.

The Dhaka topi was a part of the Nepalese national dress, and a symbol of Nepalese nationality. It became popular during King Mahendra's rule between 1955 and 1972. Back then people needed to wear Dhaka topi for official photographs for passports and documents. It was also worn by government officials as a part of the national dress. In the times of king Mahendra, Dhaka topis were available for rent near the Singha Durbar in Kathmandu. The badge of kukri cross is worn on the cap mostly by officials in Kathmandu or when a Nepalese visit the Palace. It is not worn by the lay Nepali.

Dhaka clothing is no longer a part of Nepalese fashion, but it is still an important part of society and Nepalese identity. They are also given away as gifts during Dashain and Tihar festivals. These days many Nepalis rarely wear a cap unless they are attending some cultural programme. However, many older men and women still wear clothes made from Dhaka. People wearing Dhaka topi are still commonly seen on the streets of Kathmandu. Dhaka cloth still plays a role in rituals, such as weddings and funerals of many ethnic groups living in the Kathmandu valley. Even though there are many places producing these hats, they still have a hard time producing enough for all the buyers.

International Nepali Dhoti and Topi Day is celebrated by Nepali people around the world on 1 January. In this day people wear Dhaka topi as their pride to promote the culture. Nepali people from Madhesi and Tharu community wear Dhoti, while other wear Dhaka and Bhadgaunle topis on that day. There are more people wearing topi than dhoti in this day. Madhesi people use this day as an opportunity to promote their culture. Madhesis and Sikhs in Nepal are often discriminated against because of they usually don't wear Dhaka topi.

"Dhaka" is one of the most popular cotton textile in Nepal. They usually have various coloured patterns in them. Coloured cotton is imported from India and weaved into detailed patterns using only a few colours. This fabric is also used for a type of blouse called "Dhaka ko cholo", meaning a "blouse made of dhaka cloth", and shawls for women. Some farmers and weavers have tried making silk Dhaka topi cloth with little success.

There are different myths about the origin of Dhaka fabric. One story tells that a minister returned from Dhaka, Bangladesh with the idea of such a topi. It then ended up replacing the old black cap in popularity. Another story tells that name is so because at first cloths and threads for Dhaka topi used to come from Dhaka, similar to Dhakai muslin (fine cotton of Dhaka). It is also possible that Hindu weavers started living in Nepal to run away from the Muslim invasion of Bengal. The method of pattern weaving used around Dhaka is called "Jamdani". It is very different from what is currently used by Nepalese weavers. A few fragments of Dhaka fabric in the collection of the National Museum of Nepal are thought to be from the early 20th century.

The most popular legend comes from the introduction of Dhaka weaving to Ganesh Man Maharjan, who worked in an Jamdani factory in 1950s. He was inspired to learn it when he noticed Dambar Kumari, Junga Bahadur Rana's daughter, wearing Dhaka clothes she brought back from Benares. Upon returning to his home Palpa his wife and he started a factory to produce Dhaka cloth in 1957. They had one spool and one hand-operated Charkha spinning wheel bought from Kathmandu and local weavers trained by Mahajan. His business did well because of the high price of better quality imports. As the Shah dynasty government showed a liking for Dhaka cloth and topis made out of it, other weavers started following Maharajan. By early 1970, his own factory Swadeshi Vastrakala Palpali Dhaka Udhyog had grown to employ around 350 workers. At that time Jaishanker Textile Industry, Khanal Textile Industry, and Nabin Textile Industry were the major producers of cotton yarn used to make Dhaka cloth.

Even though the business was good and the government was supportive, most weavers were poor. An expert weaver worked 12–16 hours a day for a month to produce 4–5 metres of Dhaka cloth. But, their wage was just 10-30 Nepalese rupees, one egg and 250 grams of Jeri. In the 1970s, the Dhaka weaving industry in Palpa changed a lot as it was introduced to Jacquard loom and easily available shiny acrylic fiber. Jacquard looms made it possible to produce several metres a day, instead of around 9-inches on a hand-loom. Many weavers lost their jobs because of this. Dhaka caps lost some of the qualities in its patterns, and the cloth started being produced in other places.

Now weavers in the capital Kathmandu, Palpa District in the middle mountains area, and Tehrathum District in the East are the main producers of Dhaka cloth. Limbus and Rais from the middle mountains are famous for the Dhaka cloth they produce. Tansen, the most popular source of Dhaka topis, is town with Magar, Brahmin, Chhetris with Newars who came in the 19th century looking for wealth. Apart from the famous Dhaka clothes, Tensen is also known for its metal craft including Karuwa mugs, jars and other items. It is a custom to buy Palpali Dhaka clothes as souvenir while visiting the area. This includes shawls and thailo purses that has two pairs of strings that can be drawn to open and close the purse. A Dhaka topi industry has been established in Darjeeling by Indian Gorkhas.

The traditional outfit of Nepali men includes "Daura-Suruwal" (Nepalese shirt and trouser suit), "Patuka" (cloth worn around the waist instead of a belt), "ista coat" (the Nepalese half-jacket without sleeves) and a topi. For woman it's "Gunyou Cholo" (a dress like "ghagra"-"kurta") with no topi. Many communities wear their own traditional dresses. Like the Tamang women wear a different round hat. Some Buddhist Tamang women wear "Bakhus" which are ethnic to the Tibetan people.

Topis for Nepali man can be either black (called "bhaad-gaaule" or "kalo topi") or multicoloured (called "Dhaka" or "Nepali topi"). "Bhaad-gaaule topis" are similar to Dhaka topi but they are black in colour because they are not made from Dhaka. Before the Nepali government started promoting Dhaka topis, Bhaad-gaaule topis that were largely made in Bhaktapur were popular. They were commonly worn by Newaris. These kalo topis (blacks caps) were once popular among upper class people of Rana dynasty. These black caps are now becoming popular again, mainly among the youth. Milliners of Bhaktapur almost had to close their business once because of the popularity of Dhaka topi. However, now their business is doing well as they were making around 600 kalo topis a week by 2015. Other than Dhaka and kalo topis there are many other topis made and worn in Nepal including "chuclie topi", "birke topi", "karchupe topi" and "cap topi".


Sarcohyla pachyderma

The semiaquatic tree frog ("Sarcohyla pachyderma") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it in one place, the eastern side of the Sierra Madre mountains in Veracruz, 1600 meters above sea level.

Scientists think this frog is in very big danger of dying out. They think these frogs might all be dead now, but they are not sure. Scientists only ever saw this frog in one stream and they have not seen it since 1940.

Altendorf

Altendorf may refer to:


Altendorf, Upper Franconia

Altendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg, Bavaria, Germany.


Breitengüßbach

Breitengüßbach (or "Breitengüssbach") is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.

Bischberg

Bischberg is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg being at the forks of the rivers Regnitz and Main some 5 km west of Bamberg.


Burgwindheim

Burgwindheim is a municipality with market rights in the west of the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Ebrach.


Buttenheim

Buttenheim is a market town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and is in the Regnitz Valley between Bamberg and Nuremberg, Germany.



Bayou Country Club, Louisiana

Bayou Country Club is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Chackbay, Louisiana

Chackbay is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Choctaw, Louisiana

Choctaw is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cut Off, Louisiana

Cut Off is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Galliano, Louisiana

Galliano is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Kraemer, Louisiana

Kraemer is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lafourche Crossing, Louisiana

Lafourche Crossing is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Larose, Louisiana

Larose is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lockport Heights, Louisiana

Lockport Heights is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Mathews, Louisiana

Mathews is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Raceland, Louisiana

Raceland is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gardere, Louisiana

Gardere is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Inniswold, Louisiana

Inniswold is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Merrydale, Louisiana

Merrydale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Monticello, Louisiana

Monticello is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Oak Hills Place, Louisiana

Oak Hills Place is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Willis Forko

Willis Forko (12 November 1983 – 9 November 2021) was a Liberian-American footballer. He played for the national team once in 2010. His career began in 2002 and he retired in 2012.

Forko died on 9 November 2021, three days before his 38th birthday.

Aldo Rizzo

Aldo Rizzo (24 May 1935 – 9 November 2021) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was born in Palermo, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies between 1979 until 1992. Rizzo was also Mayor of Palmero between August 1992 and December 1992.

Rizzo died on 9 November 2021 in Palermo at the age of 86.

Yevgeniy Chazov

Yevgeniy Ivanovich Chazov (; 10 June 1929 – 12 November 2021) was a Russian physician and politician. He was the Chief of the Fourth Directorate of the Ministry of Health of the USSR between 1987 until 1990.

Chazov died on 12 November 2021 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 92.

Giampiero Galeazzi

Giampiero Galeazzi (18 May 1946 – 12 November 2021) was an Italian competition rower, sport journalist, commentator, and television personality. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was known for hosting "90° minuto" and "Domenica in". He also worked as a journalist at RAI.

Galeazzi died on 12 November 2021 in Rome from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 75. 

Matthew Festing

Robert Matthew Festing (30 November 1949 – 12 November 2021) was an English Roman Catholic official. He was the 79th Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta from 2008 until his resignation on 28 January 2017. He was born in Northumberland, England.

Festing died on 12 November 2021 from a sudden illness while he was attending an event in Valletta, Malta, eighteen days before his 72nd birthday.

Space tourism

Space tourism is human space travel for non-government reasons such as private or entertainment reasons. 

There are many different types of space tourism, including orbital, suborbital and lunar space tourism. This is being done by aerospace companies like Blue Origin and Virgin Galactic. SpaceX is planning to send a space tourist to the Moon.

Crunk&amp;B

Crunk & B (also known as C&B or crunk 'n' blues) is a type of music that combines crunk music and contemporary R&B. Both the name and music were created by Lil Jon after he produced "Yeah!" for Usher and "Okay" for Nivea in 2004.

Next Australian federal election

The next Australian federal election will be held some time in or before 2025 to elect members of the 48th Parliament of Australia. All 150 seats in the House of Representatives and likely 40 of the 76 seats in the Senate will be up for election.

At the previous election, the three-term incumbent centre-right Liberal-National Coalition government, led by Prime Minister Scott Morrison, was defeated by the centre-left Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Anthony Albanese. Albanese became the new Prime Minister. Morrison resigned as Liberal leader and was replaced by Peter Dutton, who became Opposition Leader, while Barnaby Joyce lost the National Party leadership to David Littleproud in a leadership spill.

There will be a redistribution of the electoral divisions in three states before the election: New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia. Even though Australia's population has grown, New South Wales and Victoria have too many seats over the quota, so they will both have one less seat each, while Western Australia will gain an extra seat, meaning the House of Representatives will have 150 seats instead of 151. The Northern Territory will also have a redistribution, but there will still be two seats in the Northern Territory.

Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory will not undergo a redistribution until after this election.

Mixed-member proportional representation

Mixed-member proportional representation (often referred to as "MMP") is an electoral system used in Germany and in many English-speaking countries. It is often thought of as a proportional representation system. In the United Kingdom, MMP is often referred to as the "additional member system" (or "AMS"). It is used to select the German Bundestag in Germany and is used in parliaments and other elections in various English-speaking countries.

MMP systems attempt to achieve both a proportional representation and a majority support, by asking voters to vote for a specific representative, and vote for a political party. Some of the representatives are elected from electoral lists drawn up by the respective parties. The number of representatives who are considered elected on the respective lists of the parties and are thus allowed to move into parliament is determined according to the proportion of votes that the parties were able to unite.

Another part of the representation is directly elected through constituencies in which candidates stand for election. For this purpose, the country is divided into a number of administrative divisions, in which usually only one candidate can be elected at a time. Whichever candidate was able to collect the most votes is elected. The Federal Republic of Germany was the first country in which such an electoral system was introduced in 1949, in the elections to the German Bundestag.

Light-vented bulbul

The light-vented bulbul ("Pycnonotus sinensis"), also called the Chinese bulbul, Japanese bulbul and white-vented bulbul. is a kind of bird in the bulbul family found in central and southern China, Hong Kong, Macao, northern Vietnam, southern Japan and Taiwan, and sometimes South Korea. A common kind of songbird that likes areas of light woods, it can often be seen in towns, suburbs and parks within its range.

The light-vented bulbul was first thought to be an Old World flycatcher and put into the group "Muscicapa".

The bird is split into four subspecies:

The light-vented bulbul has a large white patch covering the nape and the sides of its black head. It also sings sweetly with a "cha-ko-lee...cha-ko-lee..." sound. It has a white color from the back of its eyes to the back of its head.

In Hong Kong, the light-vented bulbul is common in lightly wooded areas, farmland and shrubland, whereas the red-whiskered bulbul is the common bulbul of suburbs and town parks.

In Taiwan, however, the light-vented bulbul is the most common in all of these landscapes, except on the east coast where the Styan's bulbul is found instead. Chinese bulbuls are seen commonly in Shanghai, and are maybe the third most common bird after sparrows and mourning doves..


Raijin

Raijin is the god of thunder and lightning in Japanese mythology.

African pygmy goose

The African Pygmy Goose (Nettapus auritus) is a small perching duck which breeds in sub-Saharan Africa. It is commonly mistaken for a goose due to its beak although it is actually a duck.

African giant shrew

Olivier's Shrew ("Crocidura olivieri") is a mammal in the Soricidae family. It lives in Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burundi, Cameroon, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya, Liberia, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. It lives in subtropical and tropical dry forests, subtropical and tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical and tropical moist mountain areas, dry flat grasslands where crops can grow, moist savannas, arable land, rural gardens, city-based areas, and heavily degraded former forest.

African dwarf sawshark

The African dwarf sawshark ("Pristiophorus nancyae"), is a sawshark of the family Pristiophoridae. Scientists discovered this species in 2011. They caught one off the coast of Mozambique at a depth of 1,600 feet.

African dwarf mud turtle

The African dwarf mud turtle ("Pelusios nanus") is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family. It is commonly found in Africa.

African dwarf kingfisher

The dwarf kingfisher (Ispidina lecontei) is a species of bird in the Alcedinidae family. It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Sudan, and Uganda.

Srebrenica

Srebenica is a town in eastern Bosnia. In 1995 after the end of Yugoslavia and the subsequent war, the Bosnian Muslim population of the town was massacred by Serb paramilitary forces. The massacre came to be widely known as the Srebrenica massacre.

Wesley Douglas

Wesley Douglas, born November 28, 1996 in Stoke-on-Trent, is an English rugby player playing for center and winger with CA Brive Corrèze in Top 14 since 2020. 

Wesley Douglas left England in 2016 to join France and the Pro D2 within the squad of AS Béziers Hérault.

In January 2020, he joined CA Brive Corrèze from the 2020-2021 season and discovered the Top 14.

Microsoft Mahjong

Microsoft Mahjong it an puzzle gameplay was developed of Oberon Media, now developed of Microsoft Corporation. It has introduced on November 8, 2006 in Oberon Media, supported of Windows Vista and Windows 7. In 2012, Microsoft Mahjong has not available in Windows 8 after release.

In July 15, 2015, Microsoft announced that "Microsoft Mahjong" has launched for MSN Games, about such on Windows 8 to Windows 10, they will be available after download and install Microsoft Mahjong.

In November 8, 2006, "Microsoft Mahjong" has begin release of Oberon Media, they supported of Windows Vista and Windows 7, along with Purble Place and Chess Titans.

In May 18, 2012. After release of Windows 8 Release Preview, "Microsoft Mahjong" has Microsoft announced they will be discontinued games for Windows 8 Beta because has no longers available after release.

In July 15, 2015, Microsoft announced that "Microsoft Mahjong" will be launched for MSN Games websites, smillar to old version of "Microsoft Mahjong". Microsoft announced that Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 such available "Microsoft Mahjong" after players can download and install "Microsoft Mahjong".


The Family Way

The Family Way is a 1966 British comedy-drama movie directed by Roy Boulting and was based on the play "All in Good Time" by Bill Naughton. It stars John Mills, Hayley Mills, Hywel Bennett, Marjorie Rhodes, Murray Head, Avril Angers, Liz Fraser, Wilfred Pickles, Margaret Lacey, Robin Parkinson and was distributed by British Lion Films.


Power Rangers Dino Charge

Power Rangers Dino Charge is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2015. It aired from February 7 to December 10 2015-2016 44 episodes. It in based on the Super Sentai series "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Megaforce". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers Ninja Steel" started in 2017-2018.

The second season, and overall 22nd season of Power Rangers, Power Rangers Dino Super Charge started in 2016.

Sixty-five million years ago, a dinosaur-like alien named Keeper was pursued through the galaxy by Sledge, an intergalactic bounty hunter bent on acquiring ten magical stones called the Energems in Keeper's care and using them to conquer the universe. Keeper crash landed on prehistoric Earth, entrusting the gems to many dinosaurs for safe-keeping and crippled Sledge's ship with a bomb that left the bounty hunter stranded in deep space. Unfortunately, Sledge's collection of asteroids held in a tractor beam accidentally rained down on prehistoric Earth and ultimately caused the extinction of dinosaurs.

In the present day, Keeper is found by archaeologist Kendall Morgan and they set up a base under the Amber Beach Dinosaur Museum in the city Amber Beach. They begin a mission to find the Energems, but five have already been found by teenagers, who use them to morph into the Dino Charge Power Rangers. The group consists of the Red Ranger, Tyler
Navarro, the adventurous leader of the group who is searching for his father who disappeared ten years ago on an archaeological dig; the Pink Ranger, Shelby Watkins, a
waitress with a vast knowledge dinosaurs; the Blue Ranger, Koda, a cave man living in modern times as he found his Energem in his tribe's cave, and was kept in animation until the present day; the Green Ranger, Riley Griffin, the youngest of the group who is a skilled fencing swordman; and the Black Ranger, Chase Randall, the suave aid laid-back New Zealander. With these powers, the Dino Charge Power Rangers fight against Sledge, Poisandra, Fury, Wrench, Curio, and their prison full of monsters in order to find the remaining Energems and protect Earth.

As time goes by, the Rangers are joined by additional teammates with additional Dino Zords: the Gold Ranger, Sir Ivan, an eight-hundred-year-old knight from Zandar who was
trapped in the body of Sledge's minion Fury and the Graphite Ranger Prince Phillip III of Zandar, the modern day crown prince of Ivan's home country. Kendall takes over the
position of the Purple Ranger from Albert Smith who abandons the position due to his fears of Fury's minions. New threats also merge, including the human-like villain, Heckyl.

The Ranger team gets two new members: the Aqua Ranger, who is revealed to be Tyler's long lost father James and the Silver Ranger, who is revealed to be Zenowing, a follower and
apprentice of Keeper. However, with new powers come new enemies in the form of Singe, a mysterious warrior who arrives on Earth and quickly steps in as Heckyl's number two, much
to Fury's anger. However, Heckyl starts to get curious when he realizes that Singe knows more about the Energems than he admits. After the Rangers discover the location of the
Titano Zord, Heckyl demands to know how Singe knew its location, only for Singe to flee and return to Earth with the person who hired him named Lord Arcanon, who holds the evil
Dark Energem. It was Lord Arcanon who hired Sledge to bring him the galaxy's most dangerous monsters to make an army out of them. Arcanon's reign ends with the return of Sledge
who destroys his former employer with Snide (who was split from Heckyl) before Sledge betrays him and let the Rangers destroyed Snide too and takes back leadership of his crew.
At that time, Heckyl regains all of his memories as a good person, which he lost from the Dark Energem. The Rangers went back in time and destroyed Sledge and his crew in the
past.

After their enemies' destruction, the Rangers go their separate ways of Koda and Ivan finally go back to their own times, Heckyl becomes the guardian of the Dark Energem as he
and Zenowing return to Sentai 6, and Keeper returns to his home planet. The present day Rangers arrive back to their own time and find that it is a zoo and there are live
dinosaurs since Sledge's asteroids never hit Earth and the extinction of the dinosaurs never came to pass.




Sarcohyla charadricola

The Puebla tree frog ("Sarcohyla charadricola") is a frog that lives in Mexico, in Hidalgo. Scientists have seen it between 2000 and 2300 meters above sea level.

This frog is in a large danger of dying out because people cut down so much of Mexico's forest. Scientists believe the frog might be dead now. Scientists have not seen it since 1961. If any frogs are still alive, there are probably fewer than 50 adults. They think the frog could die from the fungal disease chytridiomycosis, but they have never seen even one frog sick with it.

These frogs live on bromeliad plants in pine and pine-oak forests, but they climb down to streams to lay eggs. Their tadpoles swim in the streams.

Anshuman

Anshuman is a given name and surname of Indian origin. Anshuman is a popular Indian name that has been used for centuries. The name is derived from two Sanskrit words, "Ansh" and "Man." Ansh means a part or a fraction, while Man means the mind or the soul. Therefore, Anshuman means a person who has a part of the divine soul or someone who has a fraction of the divine mind. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 

People with that name include:



K.G.F: Chapter 1

K.G.F: Chapter 1 is a 2018 Indian Kannada-language period action movie. It was written and directed by Prashanth Neel, and produced by Vijay Kiragandur under the banner of Hombale Films. 

It is the first installment in the two-part series, followed by "". The film features Yash as Rocky, the lead role, while debutante Ramachandra Raju features as Garuda. Anant Nag narrates the film, while Srinidhi Shetty, Vasishta N. Simha, Achyuth Kumar, and Malavika Avinash appear in supporting roles.

The film was made on a budget of ₹80 crore, making it the most expensive Kannada-language film at its time of release. 
The film focuses on Rocky, who lives in poverty, but grows up to be a high-ranking gangster in Mumbai. Later, reformed, he poses as a slave-laborer in the Narachi Company (Kolar Gold Fields), aiming to assassinate the cult's future heir, Garuda.
The film's development began in early 2015, after Neel finished writing the screenplay. Filming began two years later, on 15 January 2017. Most of the film is set in the Kolar Gold Fields and was filmed in locales such as Kolar, Mysore, and parts of North Karnataka. The film's production was completed on 17 August 2018. Bhuvan Gowda handled the cinematography and Srikanth Gowda edited the film. Composer Ravi Basrur scored the film.
After a North American premiere on 20 December 2018, a Kannada version of "K.G.F: Chapter 1" was released, and Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi-dubbed versions followed the next day. They received positive response from audiences. However, critics gave the film mixed reviews. The film performed well commercially and collected in its entire theatrical run. This broke the record for the highest grossing Kannada film of all time.

At the 66th National Film Awards, the film won two awards for Best Action and Best Special Effects. At the 66th Filmfare Awards South, the film won two awards from five nominations. This includes the award for Best Film and Best Actor for Yash.

Nils Gustaf Ekholm

Nils Gustaf Ekholm (9 October 1848 – 5 April 1923) was a Swedish meteorologist. He led a Swedish geophysical expedition to Spitsbergen in 1882–1883.

In 1899 Ekholm pointed out that, at present rates, coal burning might eventually double the concentration of atmospheric CO.

Ekholm was a friend of Svante Arrhenius, who first predicted that burning coal would raise the global temperature.

Sandrine (name)

Sandrine is a popular French female name . It is a diminutive form of Sandra , a shortened form of Alexandra the female version of Alexander, which means "protector of men" . There are variants such as "Sandrilene". Sandrine is a name that has been increasingly popular in recent years, known for its unique and stunning qualities. It originates from French and is derived from the Greek name Alexandra, meaning "defender of mankind." This name carries with it a rich history and a profound meaning, making it an excellent option for parents seeking a name that is not only beautiful but also significant. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Munna Michael

Munna Michael is a 2017 Indian movie. Sabbir Khan directed it and Viki Rajani produced it for Eros International. Tiger Shroff is the lead actor alongside Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Niddhi Agerwal, The movie was released on 21 July 2017.

It is the third movie Shroff made with director Sabbir Khan after "Heropanti" and "Baaghi".

Arakan Army

The Arakan Army (; abbreviated AA) is an insurgent group based in Rakhine State (Arakan). Founded on 10 April 2009, the AA is the armed wing of the United League of Arakan (ULA). It is currently led by commander in chief Major General Twan Mrat Naing and vice deputy commander Brigadier General Nyo Twan Awng.

The AA has been fighting alongside the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) against the Tatmadaw (Myanmar Armed Forces) in the Kachin conflict. Most AA soldiers were originally trained at the KIA Military Academy. Since 2014, the AA has set up its own training camps in Rakhine State. According to the Myanmar Peace Monitor, the AA had more than 1,500 troops in 2014, including personnel stationed in the Rakhine State near Myanmar's border with Bangladesh. "The Irrawaddy" stated in September 2015 that the AA had more than 2,500 troops and 10,000 personnel in their civilian wing. In June 2020, the AA chief claimed that the group has more than 20,000 soldiers.

Twan Mrat Naing

Major General Twan Mrat Naing, also spelled Tun Myat Naing (), is the commander in chief of the Arakan Army, armed organization of Arakan State.
Naing has led the Arakan Army since its founding in 2009, and maintains the rank of Major General. Naing is of Arakanese descent and resides in Laiza, Kachin State, where the Arakan Army's "temporary headquarters" are.

Naing was born in Sittwe, the state capital of Rakhine State. He left for jade mining in Kachin State, recruiting disaffected Arakanese Buddhists to his insurgent group. He was one of twenty-six men to form the Arakan Army with a support from the Kachin Independence Army. In 2018, the clashes between Arakan Army and Burmese military intensified in Northern Rakhine State.

Chester Cathedral

Chester Cathedral is a Church of England cathedral located in the city of Chester, Cheshire, England.

House of Gucci

House of Gucci is a film by director Ridley Scott, based on the story of Patrizia Reggiani and the murder of her husband, Maurizio Gucci. It stars American entertainer Lady Gaga and actor Adam Driver as Patrizia and Maurizio, respectively. It is scheduled for release November 24, 2021.

Bijay Kumar Gachhadar

Bijaya Kumar Gachhadar () is a Nepalese politician and leader of the Nepali Congress. He has served five terms as deputy prime minister of Nepal. Presently, he's the second vice-president of Nepali Congress.

Kyaukphyu

Kyaukpyu ( ; also spelt Kyaukphyu) is a major town in Rakhine State, in western Myanmar. It is located on the north western corner of Yanbye Island on Combermere Bay, and is 250 miles (400 km) north-west of Yangon. It is the principal town of Kyaukpyu Township and Kyaukpyu District. The town is situated on a superb natural harbor which connects the rice trade between Calcutta and Yangon. The estimated population in 1983 was 19,456 inhabitants. The population of Kyaukpyu Urban area is 20,866 as of 2014, while Kyaukpyu Township's population is 165,352.

Dean Smith (footballer, born 1971)

Dean Smith (born March 19, 1971) is an English professional football manager and former player whose the current head coach of Premier League club Norwich City.

Ebrach

Ebrach is a municipality with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and the seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (municipal association) of Ebrach.


China Evergrande

The China Evergrande Group is the second largest property developer in China by sales. It is ranked 122nd on the "Fortune" Global 500. It is incorporated in the Cayman Islands, a British Overseas Territory, and headquartered in the Houhai Financial Center in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China. It was founded in 1996 by Xu Jiayin. It sells apartments mostly to upper- and middle-income dwellers. In 2018, it became the most valuable real estate company in the world.

In summer of 2021, payments due on its debt, estimated in the hundreds of billions of dollars, resulted in the Evergrande liquidity crisis. This was one of the reasons for a drop in many stock market indices on September 20, 2021. The Chinese government is reportedly working to restructure Evergrande to resolve the crisis. On 21 October, 2021, Evergrande announced that a $2.6 billion asset sale to that would have been used to pay an $83 million interest payment it missed in September, 2021 had failed to close. On 10 November 2021, Evergrande defaulted on 3 more bonds after missing the grace period for interest payments, but reportedly fulfilled the payments after the deadline.

Sarcohyla thorectes

Adler's mottled tree frog ("Sarcohyla thorectes") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in streams between 1530 and 1900 meters above sea level in the Sierra Madre mountains.

Arakan

Arakan may refer to:


Arakanese language

Arakanese (also known as Rakhine) is a language closely related to Burmese. It is often considered a dialect of Burmese. "Arakan" is the former name for the Rakhine region.

United League of Arakan

The United League of Arakan (ULA; ) in Myanmar is the political wing of the Arakan Army, headquartered in Laiza. Major General Twan Mrat Naing responsible the chairman and Brigadier General Nyo Twan Awng is in charge of the secretariat. The United League of Arakan is the member of the Federal Political Negotiation Consultative Committee (FPNCC), the political negotiation team formed by seven ethnic armed groups in Myanmar.

Kylie

Kylie may refer to:





Frensdorf

Frensdorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.

Norbert Haas: "Tobias Göbhardt, Buchhändler in Bamberg und sein Besitztum in Wingersdorf"


An Evening with Silk Sonic

An Evening with Silk Sonic is an album recorded by the duo Silk Sonic, made of American musicians Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak. The album was released on November 12, 2021. Its lead single, "Leave the Door Open", was released on March 5, 2021. It became Mars' eighth and Paak's first number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Skate", the album's second single, was released July 30, 2021. The third single, "Smokin Out the Window", was released November 5, 2021, a week before the album's release.

Enterprise resource planning

Enterprise Resource Planning is an activity done using software in computers by companies to manage their business activities and supplies such as money on hand, product quantity and contacts such as clients and other business they may partner with. There are many ERP software available from many different companies to help other companies with their business. They may need a whole suite of applications from software to manage industrial machines at factories to point of sale systems at their retail or wholesale outlets. 

The ERP system integrates varied organizational systems and facilitates error-free transactions and production, thereby enhancing the organization's efficiency. However, developing an ERP system differs from traditional system development.

The Comfort Zone (album)

The Comfort Zone is the second studio album by American singer and actress Vanessa Williams, released on August 20, 1991, by Mercury's Wing Records label. Much like her debut album, "The Right Stuff" (1989), "The Comfort Zone" features a new jack swing and R&B sound to it, along with a dance-pop edge to its music.

"The Comfort Zone" received mainly positive reviews from music critics and was also nominated for five Grammy Awards: Best R&B Vocal Performance, Female for "Runnin' Back to You" in 1992; Best Pop Vocal Performance, Female, Record of the Year and "Song of the Year" for "Save the Best for Last" and Best R&B Vocal Performance, Female for "The Comfort Zone" in 1993.

The tracks "Work to Do" and "What Will I Tell My Heart?" both appeared in the film "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man"; the latter also appeared on the film's soundtrack album.




Mehdi Babri

Mehdi Babri is an Iranian football forward. He currently plays for Iranian football club Shahin Bushehr in the Persian Gulf Pro League.

Gerach

Gerach is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Baunach. It is in the "Naturpark Haßberge" (nature park) about 20 km north of Bamberg and about 10 km south of Ebern.


Gundelsheim

Gundelsheim may refer to places in Germany:


Gundelsheim, Bavaria

Gundelsheim is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.


Gossamer

Gossamer is an animated character in the Warner Bros. "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series of cartoons. He is a large, hairy, orange monster. His body is perched on two giant tennis shoes, and his heart-shaped face is composed of only two oval eyes and a wide mouth, with two hulking arms ending in dirty, clawed fingers. The monster's main trait is his uncombed, orange hair. He was originally voiced by Mel Blanc and has been voiced by Frank Welker, Maurice LaMarche, Joe Alaskey, Jim Cummings, Kwesi Boakye, Eric Bauza and currently Fred Tatasciore.

Docker (software)

Docker is a technology that bundles a software program with all of the other software that application needs to run, such as an operating system, third-party software libraries, etc. Software bundled like this is called a container.

The benefit of using Docker to put applications in containers is that they can be run on different kinds of computers (for example, both a laptop and a web server), without the risk of a missing software library or a different operating system causing the application to not work.

Las Tunas (city)

Las Tunas is a city in central-eastern Cuba. It is the capital of the Las Tunas Province and was named Victoria de Las Tunas from 1869 to 1976.

Long Now Foundation

The Long Now Foundation is a company that plans to destroy the Y10K problem. They do this by converting the current year into a 5-digit number ("02022" instead of "2022").

Sharon, New Hampshire

Sharon is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 359 people lived there.


Abigail Disney

Abigail Edna Disney (born January 24, 1960) is an American documentary movie producer, philanthropist, and social activist. She is related to Walt Disney who founded Disney. She was the director for Pray the Devil Back to Hell.

Mills Corporation

The Mills Corporation was a real estate company that owns a portfolio of shopping malls in the United States and Canada. Most of the malls it owned are single-story outlet malls with a large movie theatre with 10-30 screens, a large food court with at least 10 restaurants, themed neighborhoods, and at least 150 stores. The Mills Corporation was founded in 1985 and was acquired by Simon Property Group in 2007.

Below is a list of malls owned by the Mills Corporation, with the date of establishment of each mall in parenthesis: 


Springfield, New Hampshire

Springfield is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,259 people lived there.


Unity, New Hampshire

Unity is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,518 people lived there.


Wakefield, New Hampshire

Wakefield is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,201 people lived there.


José Antonio Kast

José Antonio Kast Rist (born 18 January 1966) is a Chilean lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2002 until 2018. He was a member of the Independent Democrat Union until 2016, and independent until 2019. 

Kast ran for president as an independent candidate in the 2017 election. He ran again in the 2021 Chilean general election, advancing to the second round, however lost in the run-off election to Gabriel Boric.

In 2019, he created the Chilean Republican Party.

Heriot-Watt University

Heriot-Watt University () is a public research university. It is in Edinburgh, Scotland. It was created in 1821 as the School of Arts of Edinburgh. It is the eighth oldest higher education institute in the UK. 

The name Heriot-Watt was taken from Scottish inventor James Watt and Scottish philanthropist and goldsmith George Heriot.

Roy Holder

Roy Holder (15 June 1946 – 9 November 2021) was an English actor. His best known roles were in "Ace of Wands", "Z-Cars", "Spearhead", the "Doctor Who" serial "The Caves of Androzani". 

He also was in the movies "Whistle Down the Wind" and Franco Zeffirelli's "The Taming of the Shrew" (1967).

Syed Iftikhar Bokhari

Syed Iftikhar Ali Bokhari (6 July 1935 – 10 November 2021), also known as IA Bokhari, was a Pakistani politician and cricketer. He was the member of the Senate of Pakistan between March 1988 and March 1991. He played first-class cricket from 1952 to 1966. He was born in Lahore, then-British India.

Bokhari died on 10 November 2021 in Lahore at the age of 86.


Cristiana Lôbo

Cristiana dos Santos Mendes Lôbo (August 18, 1957 — November 11, 2021) was a Brazilian journalist. She worked for GloboNews. She was a political commentator on "Jornal das Dez" and Globonews em Pauta, on GloboNews. She was born in Goiânia, Brazil.

Lôbo died in São Paulo, Brazil on November 11, 2021 from multiple myeloma at the age of 64.

Aga Mikolaj

Agnieszka Beata Mikołajczyk, better known by her stage name Aga Mikolaj, (7 March 1971 – 11 November 2021) was a Polish operatic soprano. She was a member of the Bavarian State Opera in Munich from 2002 to 2007. She played Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni". She performed and recorded "Four Last Songs" and "The Seven Gates of Jerusalem".

Mikolaj died on 11 November 2021 in Warsaw from COVID-19, aged 50.

Bob Bondurant

Robert "Bob" Bondurant (April 27, 1933 – November 12, 2021) was an American racecar driver. He raced for the Shelby American, Ferrari and Eagle teams. Bondurant was one of the most famous drivers during the 1950s. He was born in Evanston, Illinois. Bondurant was added in the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 2003.

Bondurant died on November 12, 2021 at his home in Paradise Valley, Arizona at the age of 88.

Paul Gludovatz

Paul Gludovatz (10 June 1946 – 12 November 2021) was an Austrian football manager. He managed Austrian national youth football teams from 1981 to 2008. He retired in 2016.

Gludovatz died on 12 November 2021 in Vienna, Austria from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 75.

Klaus Emmerich (journalist)

Klaus Emmerich (3 June 1928 – 25 February 2021) was a German-born Austrian journalist. He was born in Frankfurt, Germany. He was the editor-in-chief of ORF News. He was known for his racist remarks about U.S. President Barack Obama after his election victory in 2008. He said that "I don't want to be [controlled] by a black man in the Western world. If you say that that is a racist remark: right, without doubt."

Emmerich died from COVID-19 on 25 February 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Austria in Vienna at the age of 92.

Aleksandr Lenyov

Aleksandr Ivanovich Lenyov (; 25 September 1944 – 12 November 2021) was a Soviet and Russian footballer. He played as a midfielder or defender. He played for the USSR national team between 1966 until 1968.

The Rocky Horror Picture Show

The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a 1975 musical comedy horror movie by 20th Century Fox. It was produced by Lou Adler and Michael White and directed by Jim Sharman. It was written by Sharman and actor Richard O'Brien.

The movie is based on the 1973 musical stage production "The Rocky Horror Show".

It stars Tim Curry, Susan Sarandon, and Barry Bostwick and is narrated by Charles Gray.

Charles Gray

Charles Gray (born Donald Marshall Gray; 28 August 1928 – 7 March 2000) was an English actor. He was well known for roles such as Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond movie "Diamonds Are Forever" and Dikko Henderson in "You Only Live Twice".

Gray died on 7 March 2000 at a London hospital from cancer of unknown primary origin at the age of 71.

Conway, New Hampshire

Conway is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,822 people lived there.


Henry Woolf

Henry Woolf, (20 January 1930 – 12 November 2021) was a British actor, theatre director, and teacher. 

His movie roles include "San Ferry Ann" (1965), "Marat/Sade" (1967), "Tell Me Lies" (1968), "The Lion in Winter" (1968), "Great Catherine" (1968), "The Bed Sitting Room" (1969), "Alfred the Great" (1969), "The Ruling Class" (1972), "The Love Pill" (1972), "Galileo" (1975), "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (1975), "Rogue Male" (1976), "The Hound of the Baskervilles" (1978), "Gorky Park" (1983), "Superman III" (1983), and "Maid to Order" (1987).

Woolf died on 11 November 2021 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan at the age of 91.

Abd-al-Hafid Mahmud al-Zulaytini

Dr. Abd-al-Hafid Mahmud al-Zulaytini (; 1938 – 12 November 2021) was a Libyan politician. He was Assistant Secretary of the General People's Committee of Libya before the Libyan Civil War. He was the Governor of the Central Bank of Libya from 1990 until 1996 and in 2011.

Hadiya Khalaf Abbas

Hadiya Khalaf Abbas (, 1958 – 13 November 2021) was a Syrian politician. She was the Speaker of the People's Council of Syria from June 2016 to July 2017. She is the only woman elected to this position.

Ivo Georgiev

Ivo Georgiev (; 12 May 1972 – 13 November 2021) was a Bulgarian professional footballer. He played as a forward.

Georgiev played for Volov Shumen, Debreceni VSC, Korabostroitel, Spartak Varna, FC Aarau, Levski Sofia, SV Waldhof Mannheim, Dobrudzha, Budapest Honvéd and Botev Vratsa.

Georgiev died from heart failure on 13 November 2021, at the age of 49.

Sam Huff

Robert Lee "Sam" Huff Sr. (October 4, 1934 – November 13, 2021) was an American football linebacker and sports commentator. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the New York Giants and the Washington Redskins. He played college football for West Virginia University. He was honored into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1982.

Huff was diagnosed with dementia in 2013. He died at the age of 87 at a hospital in Winchester, Virginia, on November 13, 2021.

Farmington, West Virginia

Farmington is a town in Marion County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 392 at the 2020 census.

Fairmont, West Virginia

Fairmont is a city in Marion County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 18,416 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Marion County.

John Pearson (author)

John George Pearson (5 October 1930 – 13 November 2021) was an English novelist and author. He was born in Epsom, Surrey. He was known for writing the "". He then worked for "The Economist", BBC Television and "The Sunday Times".

Pearson died on 13 November 2021, at the age of 91.

Warren, New Hampshire

Warren is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 825 people lived there.


William Wright (Australian bishop)

William Joseph Wright (26 October 1952 13 November 2021) was an American-born Australian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the bishop of Maitland-Newcastle from 2011 until September 2021. Wright was born in Washington, D.C.. 

Wright died on 13 November 2021 at a hospital from lung cancer in Maitland, New South Wales at the age of 69.

Bertie Auld

Robert Auld (23 March 1938 – 14 November 2021) was a Scottish football player and manager. He was a member of Celtic's Lisbon Lions.

He made more than 200 appearances in the Scottish League playing for Celtic, Dumbarton and Hibernian, and more than 100 in the Football League in England with Birmingham City. He also played for Scotland three times in 1959.

He was also well known as manager at Partick Thistle.

Auld died on 14 November 2021 from dementia-related problems in Glasgow, aged 83.

David Fox (actor)

David Fox (March 24, 1941 – November 13, 2021) was a Canadian actor.

Fox was born in Swastika, Ontario. He was best known for his role as schoolteacher Clive Pettibone in "Road to Avonlea". He was also the voice of Captain Haddock in "The Adventures of Tintin".

He died from cancer in a Toronto hospice on November 13, 2021, at the age of 80.

Balwant Moreshwar Purandare

Balwant Moreshwar Purandare (29 July 1922 – 15 November 2021), popularly known as Babasaheb Purandare, was an Indian writer, historian and theatre personality. He was awarded with Padma Vibhushan in 2019. He wrote about Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, the 17th-century founder of the Maratha Empire. He also wrote about Shiv Sena along with Balasaheb Thackeray. Purandare was born in Saswad, Poona, British India.

Purandare died on 15 November 2021 at a hospital in Pune, Maharashtra from pneumonia-related problems. He was 99 years old.

Daulet Sembaev

Daulet Hamituly Sembaev (10 August 1935 – 15 November 2021) was a Kazakh politician and banker. He was the First Deputy Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 1992 to 1993 and the Deputy Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 1991 to 1992. He was the chairman of the National Bank of Kazakhstan from 1993 until 1996. He was a member of the Senate of Kazakhstan from 1996 until 1997. Sembaev was born in Alma-Ata, Kazakh ASSR, Soviet Union.

Sembaev died on 15 November 2021 in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan at the age of 86.

Peacemaker (TV series)

Peacemaker is an American television series created by James Gunn for the streaming service HBO Max. It is based on the DC Comics character Peacemaker. It is the first DC Extended Universe (DCEU) television series, a spin-off from the 2021 movie "The Suicide Squad".

John Cena stars as the title character. Steve Agee, Danielle Brooks, Robert Patrick, Jennifer Holland, Freddie Stroma, and Chukwudi Iwuji also star. "Peacemaker" premiered on January 13, 2022. The series has been renowned for a second season.

A man named Christopher Smith fights for peace at any cost (as Peacemaker), no matter how many people he has to kill to get it.

Bill Engvall

William Ray Engvall Jr. (born July 27, 1957) is an American comedian and actor. He is best known for his work as a stand-up comic. He is known for his "Here's Your Sign" joke. He is a member of the Blue Collar Comedy group.


Seberang Perai

Seberang Perai is a city in Penang, Malaysia. Butterworth is its principal town. Other towns in Seberang Perai include Bukit Mertajam, Seberang Jaya, Sungai Puyu, Prai, Nibong Tebal and Kepala Batas. Seberang is connected to Penang by Penang Bridge as well as ferry services. Seberang Prai today is more than a quiet, cowboy-town. It has become a bustling, growing giant. Seberang Prai, which is considered Penang's main catalyst for growth in this century, has many important developments.

Britney Spears conservatorship dispute

The American pop singer Britney Spears was put in conservatorship in February 2008. The conservator was her father. Spears' conservatorship was from two 5150 psychiatric hospital admissions one month earlier that same year. She wanted the restrictions removed because she wasn't allowed to have further kids. She couldn't even marry or remove her pregnancy stopping device.

Spears later testified that she was subjected to seven days per week constant stage work by her father and several others. The conservatorship rules forbade when she went off schedule. Britney had to also take lithium (normally given to those diagnosed with bipolar disorders). She compared the seven days per week schedule toward sex trafficking.

The conservatorship was a short restriction at the start for Spears. It was later made permanent by her father and others. Spears spent three months shy of fourteen years in probate conservatorship limits (one for her finances, another for her own wellness and her health). Los Angeles County's Judge Brenda Penny dissolved the Spears conservatorship limits on November 12, 2021.

The Free Britney movement, an American social group that fought for Spears' conservatorship phase out, were celebrating after it really took place. Several celebrities were also happy the restrictions ended. They include Cher, Paris Hilton, Lady Gaga, Mia Farrow, Missy Elliott and Cyndi Lauper. Others supporting the restrictions' end were Spears' mother, her lawyer and Free Britney movements' members and Spears' fans. Many of these people said Spears had been objectified when the conservatorship was effective.

The Great Impostor

The Great Impostor is a 1961 American biographical comedy-drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Robert Crichton. It stars Tony Curtis, Edmond O'Brien, Karl Malden, Raymond Massey, Gary Merrill, Joan Blackman, Arthur O'Connell, Jeanette Nolan and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Forbidden (1953 movie)

Forbidden is a 1953 American crime thriller movie directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Tony Curtis, Joanne Dru, Marvin Miller, Lyle Bettger, Weaver Levy. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


MOR Entertainment

MOR Entertainment, formerly (as official and occasionally, on online streaming) known as MOR Philippines, is a national brand of new media radio stations operated by media conglomerate ABS-CBN Corporation.

Birendra of Nepal

Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev () (28 December 1945 – 1 June 2001) was the king of Nepal from 1972 until 2001. He was the eldest son of King Mahendra. He was a king of Nepal until his death by assassination in 2001 Nepalese royal massacre.

Carl (given name)

Carl [ kahrl ] is a North Germanic male name meaning "free man". The name originates in Old West Norse. It is the first name of many Kings of Sweden including Carl XVI Gustaf. It is popular in Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden, and was largely popularized in the United States by Scandinavian and Italian (shortened from "Carlo") descendants. Karl is a Germanic spelling which is very popular in Austria, Estonia, Germany, Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland, and was also popularized by German-speaking descendants in the USA. Other variants include the Anglo-Saxon-Frankish variant Charles, popular in Australia, Philippines, Canada, France, New Zealand, the UK and the United States, although both Karl and Carl are also widespread names in most English speaking countries; Carlo, very popular in Italy and southern Switzerland; Carlos, popular in Spain, Portugal and Latin America; and Karol, a variant in Poland and Slovakia. This name was ranked #927 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 






There are several derivations of the surname Carl, most of them originating as "son of Carl":

Sarcohyla pentheter

The mourning tree frog ("Sarcohyla pentheter") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it pine-oak forests on the west side of the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Oaxaca. People have seen it between 1,280 and 2,000 meters above sea level.

This frog lays eggs in streams.

The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can kill this frog, and scientists think it has killed many but are not sure. Human beings also change the places where the frogs live for mining, logging, and to make small farms.

Nawazuddin Siddiqui

Nawazuddin Siddiqui (born 19 May 1974) is an Indian actor in Hindi movies. He graduated from the National School of Drama. Siddiqui's feature film debut was alongside director Prashant Bhargava in "Patang" (2012), and his performance was appreciated by cinema critic Roger Ebert. He also gained international recognition for his work with director Anurag Kashyap in "Black Friday" (2007), the "Gangs of Wasseypur" (2012), duology and "Raman Raghav 2.0".

Siddiqui acted in "The Lunchbox" (2013), "Manto" (2018), and "Raman Raghav 2.0." He is the only actor in the world to have 8 movies officially selected and screened at the Cannes Film Festival.

The actor continues to take time out from his work to farm in his native Uttar Pradesh. He has starred in two Emmy-nominated series, "Sacred Games" (2019) and the British "McMafia".

Markus Wischenbart

Markus Wischenbart (born in Tirol, Brixlegg, Austria) is a Dominicano-Austrian entrepreneur, the owner of Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club, one of the largest resort complexes in the Dominican Republic.

Markus Wischenbart was born in Tirol, Austria. At the age of 14, Wischenbart started to work as a paperboy.

Wischenbart moved to Puerto Plata, the Dominican Republic, in 2002. In the same year, Wischenbart created the Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club concept and became the head of the resort. As of 2021, LHVC is one of the largest resort facilities in the Dominican Republic.


Alfred Barye

Alfred Barye "Le Fils" or Alf Barye (Paris, France, 21 January 1839 – Paris, France, 1882) was a French sculptor of the Belle Époque. He was a student of his father, the artist Antoine-Louis Barye. In cooperation with Émile-Coriolan Guillemin, Barye did the artwork for ""The Arab Warrior Knight on Horseback"". Other works of his were animal bronzes as well as Oriental subjects. At his father's request, he signed his work as "fils" to differentiate his work from his father's.

As was his father Antoine Louis, Alfred Barye became Ferdinand Philippe d'Orléans' favorite sculptor, and later the quasi-official sculptor of Napoleon III.

He signed many of his sculptural works Barye or A. Barye, the same signature that was used by his father. This causes as much confusion today as it did during his lifetime and many of Alfred’s models are mistakenly attributed to and sold as his father’s works. After much family disagreement and at the insistence of his father, he began signing his work Alf. Barye, and later A. Barye Fils. It has been suggested but never confirmed that Alfred Barye was responsible for quite a few unauthorized life time casts of his father’s works. Many of the works mistakenly attributed to Antoine Louis Barye are actually by the brilliant son Alfred Barye. The young Alfred worked for a long time in his father's studio and while he conceived and created the works himself, his father appropriated them by signing them with the name Antoine Louis Barye and preventing his son from making his works with the Barye signature. Growing up Alfred began to rebel more and more of the violence of Antoine Louis Barye. Father and son did not speak to each other for several years. The Barye rebellion finds a symbolic moment in the sharing of artistic researches with another son of art Emile Guillemin with whom he formed a strong friendship and recipient esteem.

Barye's bronzes are now in many museums' collections:


Alfred Barye did several exhibitions in Paris from 1864 to 1882.




Leslie Ash

Leslie Ash (born in 1964) is an English actress and ex-girlfriend of Rowan Atkinson.

Xena Wimmenhoeve

Xena Wimmenhoeve (born 14 May 2000) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player (4.0 disability class) and a member of the Netherlands women's national wheelchair basketball team and SC DeVeDo in Ermelo. With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. She also became World champion in 2018 and European champion in 2017 and 2019. With her team SC DeVeDo she plays in the Dutch national league.

She was born on 14 May 2000. In 2012, she was diagnozed with bone cancer and a tumour in her lung after discovering a lump on her upper left leg. She underwent chemotherapy treatment. Besides of that, her upper leg was removed and the lower leg was rotated 180 degrees and was attached to her hip. Her ankle joint replaces now the knee and a prosthesis is attached to it. After the operations she had to learn to walk again. She played handball. After being diagnozed with cancer she tried to continue playing handball, but that was not possible. She started with wheelchair basketball in early 2017 after a Paralympic talent day. The same year she made her debut for the national team at the 2017 European Championships in Tenerife, Spain.

She was awarded the inaugural the "Kei van Wijhe" Award for her contribution to wheelchair basketball in September 2019.

Heiligenstadt in Oberfranken

Heiligenstadt in Oberfranken (officially: Heiligenstadt i. OFr.) is a community with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.



Rattelsdorf

Rattelsdorf is a municipality with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.


Zapfendorf

Zapfendorf is a municipality with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg in Bavaria, Germany with about 5,000 residents.


List of statistical offices in Germany

The statistical offices of the German states (German: Statistische Landesämter) perform the duty of collecting official statistics in Germany together and in cooperation with the Federal Statistical Office.

The application of statistics according to Article 83 of the constitution is executed at state level. The federal government has, under Article 73 (1) 11. of the constitution, the exclusive legislation for the "statistics for federal purposes."

There are 14 statistical offices for the 16 states:


Municipalities of Germany

Municipalities (, singular ) are the lowest level of official territorial division in Germany. 

As of January 2021, there are 10,790 municipalities in Germany, of which 2,054 are cities.

"Status as of December 2018."

France national under-20 football team

The France national under-20 football team () represents France in men's international football at this age level and is controlled by the French Football Federation.

For the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup, players born on or after 1 January 1999 are eligible to participate.

The following players were named in the squad for the friendlies against Argentina, the United States, and South Korea on 20, 22, and 25 March 2019.

Note: Names in "italics" denote players who have been capped by France in a higher age group.

"Caps and goals as of 22 March 2019, after the team's match against United States."

The following players have also been called up to the France under-20 squad and remain eligible:





2012 UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was the 61st edition of UEFA's European Under-19 Championship (the eleventh since the age competition change to an Under-19 level) and took place in Estonia from 3 to 15 July. Spain are the title holders. This competition also proceeded as a qualifying competition for the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup, as six sides from Europe qualify.

Players born after 1 January 1993 were eligible to participate in this competition.

Qualification for the final tournament occurred in two stages: a qualifying round and an elite round. During these rounds, 51 national teams competed to determine the seven teams that would join the automatically qualified host nation Estonia.

The qualifying round was played between 21 September and 16 November 2011. Liechtenstein did not enter and England, France and Spain received a bye to the elite round as a result of their UEFA ranking coefficient. The remaining 48 teams were divided into 12 groups of four teams, with each group being contested as a mini-tournament hosted by one of the group's teams. After all matches were played, the 12 group winners, 12 group runners-up and the best third-placed team advanced to the elite round.

The elite round was played between 23 and 31 May 2012. The 28 teams entering this phase were split into seven groups of four teams for a further round of mini-tournaments. The seven group winners qualified for the final tournament.

The following eight teams qualified for the final tournament:

UEFA named six referees and eight assistant referees for the tournament on 18 June 2012, all who are young and upcoming top referees in Europe. Additionally two Estonian referees were chosen as fourth officials for the group stage matches.

The draw was held on 6 June 2012 in Tallinn, Estonia.

Each group winner and runner-up advanced to the semifinals. The top three teams in each group also qualified for the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup.

If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings.
Additionally, if two teams which have the same number of points and the same number of goals scored and conceded play their last group match against each other and are still equal at the end of that match, their final rankings are determined by the penalty shoot-out and not by the criteria listed above. This procedure is applicable only if a ranking of the teams is required to determine the group winner and the runner-up.

"All times are Eastern European Summer Time (UTC+3)"








After the final, the UEFA technical team selected 23 players to integrate the "team of the tournament".





Avondale, Arizona

Avondale is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Pechora River

The Pechora is a river in northern Russia. It is over long, and navigable for most of its length. Most of the time, an ice sheet covers it. Most of it is inside Komi Republic. It is its most important river. A part of it is in Nenets autonomous okrug.The Pechora is the sixth-longest river in Europe. By discharge, it is third, after the Volga and the Danube. Bigger cities on the river are Pechora and Naryan-Mar. Naryan-Mar is about from the estuary of the river. The part of the Barents Sea the river flows into is known as Pechora Sea.

Osman Öcalan

Osman Öcalan (1958 – 15 November 2021) was a Turkish Kurdish militant politician He was the commander of the Kurdistan Workers' Party. 

Öcalan died of COVID-19 on 15 November 2021 in Erbil, Kurdistan Region at the age of 63.

Hasan Azizul Huq

Hasan Azizul Huq (2 February 1939 — 15 November 2021) was a Bangladeshi short-story writer and novelist. He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1999. His best known work was "Agunpakhi".

Valeriy Dolinin

Valeriy Alekseyevich Dolinin (, 25 July 1953 – 15 November 2021) was a Soviet rower. He won silver medals at the 1980 Summer Olympics and 1982 World Rowing Championships. He was born in Leningrad, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Dolinin died on 15 November 2021 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 68.

László Z. Bitó

László Z. Bitó (7 September 1934 – 15 November 2021) was a Hungarian physiologist and writer. He developed a medicine for glaucoma. He wrote novels and essays. Bitó was born in Budapest, Hungary. He worked at Columbia University. 

Bitó died on 15 November 2021, aged 87.


Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit

The Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit (; abbreviated OSPPE), commonly called the Pauline Fathers, is a monastic order of the Roman Catholic Church. It was founded in Hungary during the 13th century.

This name comes from the hermit Saint Paul of Thebes. After his death, the Monastery of Saint Paul the Anchorite was founded.

Paul of Thebes

Paul of Thebes, commonly known as Paul, the First Hermit or Paul the Anchorite (Egyptian Arabic: Anba Bola; ; c. 227 – c. 341), was an Egyptian saint. He is thought to be the first Christian hermit. He said that he lived alone in the desert of Egypt from 16 years old to 113 years old. He seen as a saint by the Catholic Church as well as the Orthodox Church.

Satya Vrat Shastri

Satya Vrat Shastri (29 September 1930 – 14 November 2021) was an Indian Sanskrit scholar, writer and poet.

He was an honorary professor at the Special Centre for Sanskrit Studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University. He was the Head of the Department of Sanskrit.

Lidia Lupu

Lidia Lupu (19 May 1953 – 13 November 2021) was a Moldovan politician. She is a member of the Party of Socialists of the Republic of Moldova. She was in the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova from 2014 to 2019. Lupu was born in Chișinău, Moldova.

Lupu died on 13 November 2021 in Chișinău at the age of 68.

Gilbert Harman

Gilbert Harman (May 26, 1938 – November 13, 2021) was an American philosopher. He taught at Princeton University from 1963 until his retirement in 2017. He co-directed the Princeton University Cognitive Science Laboratory. 

Herbert Salcher

Herbert Salcher (3 November 1929 – 9 November 2021) was an Austrian politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria. He was Minister of Social Affairs from 1970 to 1976, Federal Minister for Health and Environmental Protection from 1979 to 1981, and Minister of Finance from 1981 until 1984. He also was in the National Council in 1983. Salcher was born in Innsbruck, Austria.

Salcher died on 9 November 2021 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 92.

Dianne Hamilton

F. Dianne Miller Hamilton (January 31, 1934 – November 9, 2021) was an American politician. She was a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1999 to 2017. She was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

Hamilton died on November 9, 2021 in Tijeras, New Mexico at age 87.

Tijeras, New Mexico

Tijeras is a village in Bernalillo County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 465 at the 2020 census.

Iain Armitage

Iain Armitage (born July 15, 2008) is an American child actor and theatre critic. He played Sheldon Cooper in "Young Sheldon", prequel to "The Big Bang Theory". He also played Ziggy Chapman in "Big Little Lies".

Richard Armitage (government official)

Richard Lee Armitage (born April 26, 1945) is an American Republican politician.

He worked as an aide to Senator Bob Dole.

Armitage was Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for East Asia and Pacific Affairs (1981–1983) and Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs (1983–1989) during the Ronald Reagan presidency. 

He was Deputy Secretary of State from March 2001 to February 2005 during the George W. Bush presidency.

Armitage is known for his role in Plame affair. Armitage said in 2006 that he leaked Valerie Plame Wilson's identity as a CIA officer to columnist Robert Novak, who revealed her identity in a July 2003 column.

DEFCON

DEFCON or Defense Readiness Condition is an alert state used by the United States Army. It also indicates how severe a threat could be.

DEFCON can be seperated into 5 categories, 5 being average everyday life and 1 being the most ready.

The table below shows the varying levels of readiness.

Middlesex, Vermont

Middlesex is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,779 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Ramuntxo Camblong

Ramuntxo Camblong (; 11 November 1939 – 12 November 2021) was a French-Basque politician. He was a member of the Basque Nationalist Party. He was their leader from 2004 until 2008. He was also the Municipal Councilor of Anglet from 2004 until 2008. Camblong was born in Macaye, France.

Camblong died in Bayonne, France on 12 November 2021, one day after his 82nd birthday.

Clementine Churchill

Clementine Ogilvy Spencer Churchill, Baroness Spencer-Churchill, (; 1 April 1885 – 12 December 1977) was the wife of Winston Churchill. She acted as Chairman of the Red Cross Aid to Russia Fund and was President of the Young Women’s Christian Association War Time Appeal. She was the Spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom twice between 1940 until 1945 and again from 1951 until 1955.

Knightsbridge

Knightsbridge is a residential, business shopping district in central London. It is south of Hyde Park. It is part of the London Plan.

Kemmern

Kemmern is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg in Bavaria, southern Germany.

Konrad Schrott: "Kemmern. Ortsgeschichte eines ehemaligen bambergisch-domkapitelischen Obleidorfes". Kemmern 1986


Königsfeld, Bavaria

Königsfeld is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Steinfeld.


Lauter, Bavaria

Lauter () is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Baunach.


Lisberg

Lisberg is a community in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Lisberg, being in the Steigerwald (forest).


Litzendorf

Litzendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg. It has been a unified community since 1 May 1978.


Memmelsdorf

Memmelsdorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg bordering in the west directly on the city of Bamberg.

Oberhaid

Oberhaid is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.


Pettstadt

Pettstadt is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg with about 1,900 residents.

Pommersfelden

Pommersfelden is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg in Germany.


Priesendorf

Priesendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Lisberg.

Schönbrunn im Steigerwald

Schönbrunn im Steigerwald ((); officially: "") is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Burgebrach.


Stadelhofen

Stadelhofen is a municipality in the Upper Franconian (German: "Oberfranken") district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Steinfeld.


Stegaurach

Stegaurach is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and the seat of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Stegaurach.


Buckeye, Arizona

Buckeye is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Strullendorf

Strullendorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.


El Mirage, Arizona

El Mirage is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Viereth-Trunstadt

Viereth-Trunstadt is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg being on the Main.


Litchfield Park, Arizona

Litchfield Park is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Walsdorf, Bavaria

Walsdorf is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Stegaurach. It lies in the valley of the Aurach about ten kilometres west of Bamberg.



Tolleson, Arizona

Tolleson is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Fairview, Oregon

Fairview is a city in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.

Maywood Park, Oregon

Maywood Park is a city in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.

Troutdale, Oregon

Troutdale is a city in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.

Wood Village, Oregon

Wood Village is a city in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.

Wattendorf

Wattendorf is the smallest community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Steinfeld.


2019–20 FC Bayern Munich season

The 2019–20 FC Bayern Munich season was the 121st season in the football club's history and 55th consecutive and overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga.

The Bundesliga schedule was announced on 28 June 2019.

! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

John Pascoe Fawkner

John Pascoe Fawkner (20 October 1792 - 4 September 1869) was an pioneer, businessman and politician from Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. In 1835, Fawkner and some settlers from Van Diemen's Land sailed to Australia and started what is today the city of Melbourne.

Gateway (movie)

Gateway is a 1938 American drama movie directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Don Ameche, Arleen Whelan, Gregory Ratoff, Binnie Barnes, John Carradine, Harry Carey, Lyle Talbot, Warren Hymer, Russell Hicks, Gilbert Ronald. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Follow the Fleet

Follow the Fleet is a 1936 American musical comedy movie directed by Mark Sandrich and was based on the 1922 play "Shore Leave" by Hubert Osborne. It stars Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Tony Martin, Randolph Scott, Betty Grable, Lucille Ball, Astrid Allwyn, Doris Lloyd and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


The Kid Brother

The Kid Brother is a 1927 American silent comedy movie directed by Ted Wilde and Lewis Milestone. It stars Harold Lloyd (who also directs), Jobyna Ralston, Walter James, Leo Willis, Olin Francis, Eddie Boland and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Sonic Forces

Sonic Forces is a 2017 Platform game publish by Sega and develop by Sonic Team. Its was made to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise. Its playable on the Nintendo Switch, the PlayStation 4, the Xbox One and Microsoft Windows.

Weare, New Hampshire

Weare is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,092 people lived there.


Barrington, New Hampshire

Barrington is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,326 people lived there.


Lee, New Hampshire

Lee is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,520 people lived there.


Sikh turban

The Sikh men and women, who keep five articles of faith known as the Five Ks , wear the turban to cover their long, uncut hair (kesh). The Sikhs regard the turban as an important part of the unique Sikh identity. After the ninth Sikh Guru, Tegh Bahadur, was sentenced to death by the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb, Gobind Singh, the tenth Sikh Guru gave five articles of faith, one of which is uncut hair, which the turban does cover.

Sarcohyla chryses

The golden tree frog ("Sarcohyla chryses") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in pine-oak forests. Scientists have seen it between 2340 and 2600 meters above sea level in the Sierra Madre mountains.

Baron Geddes

Baron Geddes, of Rolvenden in the County of Kent, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 28 January 1942 for Sir Auckland Geddes.

2013 UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The 2013 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was the 12th edition of the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, since its C from an under-18 tournament in 2002, and the 62nd since the tournament was created in 1948. It was hosted in Lithuania from 20 July to 1 August 2013, in three cities. Only players born after 1 January 1994 were available to participate.

The qualification matches began in September 2012 and ended in June 2013, with seven teams joining the Lithuanian hosts in the final tournament. Spain were the two-time defending champions, after defeating Greece in the final of the previous edition, but were eliminated and defeated by France in the semi-finals. In the final, France were beaten 1–0 by Serbia.

The final round matches were held in three stadium venues located in three Lithuanian cities:

Qualification for the final tournament occurred in two phases: a qualifying round and an elite round. During these rounds, 51 national teams competed to determine the seven teams that would join the automatically qualified host nation, Lithuania.

The qualifying round was played between 26 September and 26 November 2012, following a draw that took place on 29 November 2011 at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland. According to the UEFA under-19 national team coefficient ranking, the top three teams – Spain, Serbia and Turkey – were given a bye to the elite round, whereas the remaining 48 teams were divided into two pots and drawn into 12 groups of four teams. Each group included two teams from both pots and was contested as a round-robin tournament, hosted in the country of one of the teams. The group winners and runners-up, along with the best third-placed team, qualified for the next round.

The elite round was played between 22 May and 11 June 2012 and was contested by the 25 teams advancing from the qualifying round plus the three teams which received byes. The draw took place on 5 December 2012 at the UEFA headquarters and allocated the 28 teams – previously arranged into four seeding pots according to their qualifying round coefficient (teams with bye were automatically seeded in the first pot) – into seven groups of four. Each group was contested similarly to the qualifying round, with the seven group winners securing qualification for the final tournament.

The following eight teams qualified for the final tournament:

UEFA named six referees and eight assistant referees to officiate matches at the final tournament. Additionally, two referees from the host nation were chosen as fourth officials.


The draw for the group stage was held on 14 June 2013 in Kaunas, at the Town Hall, and was run by the UEFA Youth and Amateur Football Committee chairman, Jim Boyce, who was assisted by final tournament ambassadors Vaida Česnauskienė and Marius Stankevičius. The eight finalists were drawn into two groups of four teams and played matches against each other in a round-robin system. The top two teams from each group advanced to the semi-finals.

If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following tie-breaking criteria are applied:

If two teams are tied after having met in the last round of the group stage, their final ranking is determined instead by a penalty shoot-out. This method is only valid when determining which team qualifies for the next round or for another competition.

All times are in Eastern European Summer Time ().

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>






After the final, the UEFA technical team selected 23 players to integrate the "team of the tournament".





G R Gopinath

G R Gopinath is an Indian businessman and founder of low-cost airline company named Air Deccan. He is known as a pioneer for bringing low cost air travel to the masses in India. He also served as a Captain in the Indian Army.

Gorur Ramaswamy Gopinath was born in the village of Gorur in the Indian state of Karnataka. He was educated in a village school then in Sainik School located in Bijapur.

His father was a poor school teacher and a farmer as well. He went to Kannada medium school till the fifth standard after which he went to Sainik School in Bijapur.

Girish Kumar Sanghi

Girish Kumar Sanghi is an Indian industrialist and politician. He is the owner of Hyderabad based Industries Group. He is also the owner of the Vaartha newspaper which is published in Hindi and Telugu languages from Hyderabad. 

Girish Kumar Sanghi is also active in politics and is associated with Indian National Congress. He is currently a Rajya Sabha member.

Bad Berneck im Fichtelgebirge

Bad Berneck () is a spa town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the White Main river, in the Fichtelgebirge mountains, 13 km northeast of Bayreuth.



Betzenstein

Betzenstein () is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Franconian Switzerland, 35 km northeast of Nuremberg.

Creußen

Creußen is a town in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Red Main river, 13 km southeast of Bayreuth.
Creußen is famous for its stoneware beer steins.


Gefrees

Gefrees () is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Fichtelgebirge, 21 km northeast of Bayreuth.

Goldkronach

Goldkronach is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the Fichtelgebirge, 12 km northeast of Bayreuth.

Hollfeld

Hollfeld is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany.

It is 20 km west of Bayreuth, and 30 km east of Bamberg.


Laiza

Laiza ( "Laingza") is a remote mountainous town in the Kachin State, Myanmar. It lies on the border with China, the other side is . Laiza is the capital of the rebel Kachin Independence Organisation since 2005.

Nay Toe

Nay Toe ( ; born Nay Lin Aung on 9 September 1981) is a Rakhine ethnic Burmese film actor and comedian with the Burmese traditional dance troupe "Htawara Hninzi". He won Myanmar Motion Picture Academy Awards for Best Actor three times: in 2009 with "Moe Nya Einmet Myu", in 2015 with "Nat Khat Mhar Tae Tite Pwal", and in 2017 with "Tar Tay Gyi". He also won the Star Award for the film "Bridge of Clouds" in 2018. He is one of the highest-paid actors in Myanmar.

U Ottama

Sayadaw U Ottama ( ; also U Uttama (); 28 December 1879 – 9 September 1939) was a Theravada Buddhist monk, author, and a leader of the Burmese independence movement during British colonial rule. The ethnic Rakhine (Arakanese) monk was imprisoned several times by the British colonial government for his anti-colonialist political activities. 
He is considered a national hero in modern Myanmar.

Lady Macbeth (movie)

Lady Macbeth is a 2016 British film directed by William Oldro, based on the novel Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District by Nikolai Leskov.

Gargantua and Pantagruel

"Gargantua and Pantagruel" is a connected series of five books written in the sixteenth century by Francois Rabelais. The first book was published around 1532; the fifth was published after death around 1564 and some believe its attribution to Rabelais doubtful. It is the story of two giants, a father (Gargantua) and his son (Pantagruel) and their fun trips, written in a slightly funny, fancy, critical vein.

Vera Gorbatcheva

Vera Gorbatcheva is a Soviet road cyclist. She won the bronze medal at the 1959 UCI Road World Championships in the women's road race event. She competed at the 1962 UCI Road World Championships, finishing eleventh. 

She became Soviet national team time trial champion in 1958 and 1960. At the Soviet Road Race Championships she won the bronze medal in 1958.

Mariya Loukchina

Mariya Lukshina (7 April 1932 - 17 April 2014) was a Soviet road cyclist. She won the bronze medal at the 1958 UCI Road World Championships.

She died on 17 April 2014, in Voronezh.

Morena Tartagni

Milena Morena Tartagni (born 21 September 1949 Predappio) is an Italian road and track cyclist. At the Road World Championships she won three medals, two silvers and one bronze. She won ten national titles, two on the road and eight on the track. 

She moved to Bollate, Milan, together with her family. In 1965 she joined the Gruppo Sportivo Pregnanese. She began training immediately with coaches Enrico Zenaboni, and Alfredo Bonariva.

In 1966 she won her first "international" races in Prato and Adria (Rovigo). These victories allowed her to wear the blue jersey of the national team for the first time at the Nürburgring World Championships in Germany, where she was the youngest participant. In 1967 she won seven road victories, as well as a second place in the National Elite Road Championship. She won her first Italian track pursuit title in Lanciano. In 1968 she participated in the world championships held in Imola, and placed third. She won the Italian championships on the road and on the track (pursuit and speed). Also, she set a world record for 3 km on track at the Olympic Velodrome in Rome with a time of 4'09 "3. In 1969, she was confirmed Italian champion on the road and on the track. She competed in 34 races and won 11. She began to compete abroad. In 1970, at the Road World Championships in Leicester, she finished second behind the Soviet Anna Konkina. Also in 1970 she won the national track championships and came in second at the national road championships. In 1971, again at the world championships held in Mendrisio, she came second again. She won the national road race, as well as finished in second place at the national track pursuit championships.. In 1972, in Bassano del Grappa, she won the title of speed and that of the pursuit, while she was third on the road. She was second on the road in 1973. In 1974 she won the Giro of Varese, and finished third in the road championships. In 1976 he won the Alfredo Binda Trophy in Cittiglio.

In 1980, she retired, after more than 100 victories (including ten national titles), continuing to deal with cycling and working within the Italian Cycling Federation. 

Since April 2014 she holds, within the council of the Municipality of Senago, the position of Councilor for sports and leisure, youth and labor policies. 


Pegnitz (town)

Pegnitz () is a town in the Bayreuth district in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany, with a population of about 15,000 residents. It is also the source of the river Pegnitz. The city Bayreuth is about 27 km to the north.

The villages "(Ortsteile)" in Pegnitz are:

Trockau

Trockau is a village of the town of Pegnitz in the district of Bayreuth in Upper Franconia, Bavaria. Before the territorial reform of the 1970s, Trockau was an independent market town.

Pottenstein, Bavaria

Pottenstein is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 23 km southwest of Bayreuth, and 26 km east of Forchheim.


Waischenfeld

Waischenfeld is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in Franconian Switzerland, 20 km southwest of Bayreuth.

It consists of the following districts: Aalkorb, Breitenlesau, Doos, Eichenbirkig, Gösseldorf, Gutenbiegen, Hammermühle, Hannberg, Heroldsberg, Heroldsberg-Tal, Hubenberg, Köttweinsdorf, Kugelau, Langenloh, Löhlitz, Nankendorf, Neusig, Pulvermühle, Rabeneck, Sauerhof, Saugendorf, Schafhof, Schlößlein, Schönhaid, Schönhof, Seelig, Siegritzberg, Waischenfeld, Zeubach.

The town is the place of Waischenfeld Castle.

Ahorntal

Ahorntal is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in the "state (Bundesland)" of Bavaria in Germany.

Aufseß

Aufseß, also sometimes spelled Aufsess, is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria, Germany.


Bindlach

Bindlach is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Upper Franconia in Bavaria, Germany. The town is adjacent immediately north of the town of Bayreuth. The population count of December 2006 was 7197 residents.


Bischofsgrün

Bischofsgrün is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Bischofsgrün is within the Fichtelgebirge mountain range between the range's two largest mountains; Schneeberg (1051 m) and the Ochsenkopf (1024 m). 


Eckersdorf

Eckersdorf is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality of Eckersdorf is located on the northern edge of an area called "Little Switzerland" (German: Fränkische Schweiz), close to the world-famous festival town of Bayreuth. The highest elevation in the region of Eckersdorf is the Sophienberg with an altitude of 593 m.

Eckersdorf became a municipality in 1978 due to municipal reform. According to the local government, there are currently 22 official districts within the municipality.
The communities surrounding Eckersdorf are Thurnau, Bayreuth, Mistelbach, and Mistelgau.

Eckersdorf was mentioned for the first time in 1149 in the "Giechburgvertrag". The Counts of Andechs-Meranien possessed the area of Eckersdorf until they died in 1248. The lords of Berg Plassenberg obtained property in the Eckersdorf area in 1420. A century later, the lords fully possessed Eckersdorf. In 1552, after the last member of the family died, Eckersdorf came under the control of the Lords of Lüchau, and then in 1757, it became part of Markgrafschaft Bayreuth. During the administrative reforms in Bavaria in 1818, the current municipality of Eckersdorf was established. Eckersdorf was part of the Prussian Principality of Bayreuth, and became a French possession through the Treaties of Tilsit until it was incorporated into Bavaria in 1810.

Duchess Elisabeth Friederike Sophie of Brandenburg-Bayreuth had built the Fantaisie Castle (built between 1758 and 1765 by Johann Jakob Spindler). It houses an original replica of the Spindler Cabinet, an inlaid work of art by the brothers Johann Friedrich and Heinrich Wilhelm Spindler. The original is located in the Bavarian National Museum in Munich.

The town hall of Eckersdorf dates back to 1830.

The Eckersdorf Protestant Lutheran church of St. Ägidius dates back to its present form with its high pointed tower in 1791. 

Emtmannsberg

Emtmannsberg is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

The Ölschnitz river starts near Emtmannsberg-Unterölschnitz at the convergence of the Laimbach and Bieberswöhrbach.

Fichtelberg, Bavaria

Fichtelberg is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany. It is a state-recognised climatic spa.

Dietmar Herrmann: Der Ochsenkopf im Fichtelgebirge, Heft 17/2009 der Schriftenreihe des Fichtelgebirgsvereins e.V.


Gesees

Gesees is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Glashütten, Bavaria

Glashütten is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Haag, Upper Franconia

Haag is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Heinersreuth

Heinersreuth is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Hummeltal

Hummeltal is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Kirchenpingarten

Kirchenpingarten is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Mehlmeisel

Mehlmeisel is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Mistelbach, Bavaria

Mistelbach is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Mistelbach

"For the town in Germany, see Mistelbach, Bavaria."
Mistelbach an der Zaya (; Mistelbach on the (River) Zaya) is a town in the northeast of Austria in Lower Austria, one of Austria's nine federal states. It is about 40 km northeast of Austria's capital Vienna. Furthermore, it consists of 8 subordinated municipalities.


Altlichtenwarth

Altlichtenwarth is a town in the district of Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Asian Doll

Misharron Jermeisha Allen (born December 7, 1996) is an American rapper professionally known as Asian Doll. A Dallas native, Asian Doll was the first female artist signed to Gucci Mane's 1017 Eskimo Records.

Allen was born on December 7, 1996 to LaKeithia Lewis and Michael Allen. She was the second daughter of four children. Allen attended Skyline High School and left in the 12th grade.




Asparn an der Zaya

Asparn an der Zaya is a town in the district of Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Mistelgau

Mistelgau is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany. The village of Mistelgau is the seat of both the municipality as well as the municipality association Mistelgau.

Plankenfels

Plankenfels is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Plech

Plech is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Prebitz

Prebitz is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Schnabelwaid

Schnabelwaid is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Seybothenreuth

Seybothenreuth is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.

Speichersdorf

Speichersdorf is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany. It is near the Fichtelgebirge, 18 km eastern of Bayreuth. It has a population of about 6,200.


Warmensteinach

Warmensteinach is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.
From here there is a chairlift, the Ochsenkopf South Chairlift, to the summit of the Ochsenkopf, the second highest mountain in the Fichtelgebirge.

Weidenberg

Weidenberg is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany. The Ölschnitz river discharges near Weidenberg-Neunkirchen into the Red Main.

Cham, Germany

Cham (; ) is the capital of the district of Cham in the Upper Palatinate in Bavaria in Germany.

Arnschwang

Arnschwang is a rural municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria, Germany. The population was 2,004 as of the 2010 census. 


Arrach

Arrach is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany. It is within the scenic valley of the Lamer Winkel.

Blaibach

Blaibach is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Chamerau

Chamerau is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Eschlkam

Eschlkam is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Eschlkam is in the Bavarian Bohemian Forest area. The town is about halfway up a mountain, the Hohenbogen. The town has a border crossing over to the Czech Republic. Many of the farmers rent rooms or suites to vacationers in the summertime. Eschlkam is part of the Natur Park Oberer Bayerisher Wald, Nature Park of the Bohemian Forest.

Falkenstein, Bavaria

Falkenstein is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Furth im Wald

Furth im Wald (in Czech "Brod nad Lesy", resp. "Bavorský Brod") is a town in Bavaria, Germany, near the Czech border in the Bavarian Forest, northeast of Cham, and southwest of Domažlice. Furth im Wald is known as "Drachenstadt" (Dragon City), a reference to Furth im Wald's yearly "Drachenstich" (Slaying of the Dragon) play.

Gleißenberg

Gleißenberg is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafenwiesen

Grafenwiesen is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Hohenwarth

Hohenwarth is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Lam, Bavaria

Lam is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany. It is within the scenic valley of the Lamer Winkel.


Dora the Explorer: Super Star Adventures

Dora the Explorer: Super Star Adventures is an adventure video game for the Game Boy Advance released in 2004. It was developed by Imaginengine and published by Global Star. The game is designed for preschoolers ages 3–6 and is based on the Nick Jr. franchise, "Dora the Explorer".

The game is unique in that it uses pictures and symbols to communicate rather than words. The object of the game is to capture one of the six explorer stars. Each explorer star has a special power such as the ability to be noisy or the ability to create music. In order to capture the star, the player must complete a hide-and-seek activity. These activities include maze navigation, matching games, side-scrolling race games, a "Frogger"-type game, a complete-the-pattern activity and a song playing game.

The game was met with mainly negative reception from critics. "Electronic Gaming Monthly"'s reviewer Seanbaby stated, "[...] this game is for idiots. I don't care if they're four; if they play this, they're idiots."

"Dora the Explorer: Super Star Adventures ". IGN. Retrieved 2011-09-09.

Global Star Software (2004) Dora the Explorer: Super Star Adventures Manual

Seanbaby (2005). "Seanbaby's Rest of the Crap". "Electronic Gaming Monthly" (189): 136. Unknown parameter codice_1 ignored (help)

List of Amphibia (TV series) episodes

Lohberg

Lohberg is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany. It is within the scenic valley of the Lamer Winkel.

Michelsneukirchen

Michelsneukirchen is a municipality in Oberpfälzer district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.


Miltach

Miltach is a municipality in the district of Cham, which is located in Bavaria, Germany.

Neukirchen beim Heiligen Blut

Neukirchen is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Pemfling

Pemfling is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Pösing

Pösing is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Reichenbach, Upper Palatinate

Reichenbach () is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Cornelia Oelwein (Edit): The traditions of the monastery at Reichenbach rain, Publisher: Beck (Munich), 1991 Werner Endres: Reichenbacher Steingut, Publisher: City Museum Association and Nittenau Nittenau, 1991 Josef Klose, Rudolf Knopp, Wolfgang Kauzner, Günter Lorenz: 875 years on the rain Klosterreichenbach 1118-1993, publisher: community Reichenbach, Johann-of-God-Verlag (Munich), 1993 Maria Kagerer et al.: 100plus: Reichenbacher Retrospective 1890-2000, publisher: community Reichenbach, 1999 Heribert Batzl: Klosterreichenbach on rain, Publisher: Fast and Steiner (Regensburg), 2001 Josef Klose; Arved from Ropp: The former Benedictine abbey church Reichenbach, Publisher: Fast and Steiner (Regensburg), 2002 Maria Kagerer, Hermann Reisinger, Norbert Mezei: 125 years volunteer firefighters Reichenbach: Festschrift for the founding celebration of 27 to 30 July 2007, editors: Volunteer Fire Reichenbach, 2007


Crimes of Passion (1984 movie)

Crimes of Passion is a 1984 American erotic thriller movie directed by Ken Russell and starring Kathleen Turner, Anthony Perkins, John Laughlin, Annie Potts, Bruce Davison, Rick Wakeman. It was distributed by New World Pictures.


Secret Admirer

Secret Admirer is a 1985 American teen romantic comedy movie directed by first time director David Greenwalt and starring Kelly Preston, C. Thomas Howell, Fred Ward, Lori Loughlin, Dee Wallace Stone, Cliff DeYoung, Leigh Taylor-Young, Casey Siemaszko, Corey Haim. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Anti-satellite weapon

Anti-satellite weapons (ASAT) are space weapons created to destroy satellites for strategic or tactical
purposes. Few counties such as India, Russia, China, and the United States have successfully shot down their own satellites. 

Todd Gilbert

Christopher Todd Gilbert (born October 19, 1970) is an American politician. He has been a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates since 2006.

Gilbert became the Virginia House of Delegates Majority Leader on January 10, 2018.

Following the 2019 Virginia House of Delegates election, Gilbert became the Minority Leader-designate following Democrats retaking the majority in the House of Delegates.

With the Republicans winning control of the House of Delegates following the 2021 elections, Gilbert become the next Speaker of the House of Delegates. He was sworn in on January 12, 2022.

Max Sopacua

Max Sopacua (2 March 1946 – 17 November 2021) was an Indonesian politician, political commentator and sportscaster. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Sopacua was born in Ambon Island, Indonesia. He worked as a sportscaster for TVRI and as a commentator for CNN. He was a member of the People's Representative Council between 2004 until 2014.

Sopacua died on 17 November 2021 from lung cancer at a hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia at the age of 75.

John Luxton

Murray John Finlay Luxton (14 September 1946 – 16 November 2021) was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the New Zealand National Party. He was in the New Zealand Parliament between 1987 until 2002. Luxton was born in Morrinsville, New Zealand. 

Luxton died on 16 November 2021 in Wellington, New Zealand from a long-illness, aged 75.

David Frank (media executive)

David Frank (24 September 1958 – November 2021) was a Kenyan-born British businessman. He was the CEO of Dial Square 86 and the chairman of The RightsXchange. He was the founder of RDF Media and the onetime CEO of Zodiak Media SA. 

Frank died in November 2021, aged 63.

Kamil Durczok

Kamil Sebastian Durczok (6 March 1968 – 16 November 2021) was a Polish journalist. He was an Editor-in-Chief and presenter of TVN newscast "Fakty TVN".

Durczok died on 16 November 2021 in Katowice, Poland from cardiac arrest at the age of 53.

Katarina Blagojević

Katarina Blagojević (née Jovanović; 31 October 1943 — 15 November 2021), also known as Katarina Blagojević-Jovanović () was a Serbian chess player. She held the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM, 1986). She shared 4th-5th place in the Women's World Chess Championship Candidates Tournament in 1964. She was born in Belgrade, Occupied Serbia, occupied Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Blagojević was a three-time winner of the Yugoslav Women's Chess Championship (1961, 1972, 1974). She won a team silver medal and bronze individual medal at the Women's Chess Olympiads in 1963 and 1966.


Dzifa Attivor

Dzifa Aku Attivor (22 February 1956 – 15 November 2021) was a Ghanaian politician and businesswoman. She was Minister for Transport in Ghana until her resignation in December 2015. She was appointed in February 2013 by President John Mahama.

Attivor died on 15 November 2021 in Accra, Ghana at the age of 65.

Alex D. Dickson

Alex Dockery Dickson Jr. (September 9, 1926 – November 14, 2021) was an American Anglican bishop. He was first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of West Tennessee from 1983 to 1994. He was Bishop in Residence in the Anglican Diocese of South Carolina at the Anglican Church in North America in his last years.

Dickson died on November 14, 2021 in Charleston, South Carolina at the age of 95.

Alligator, Mississippi

Alligator is a town in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 116 at the 2020 census.

Thomas Porteous

Gabriel Thomas Porteous Jr. (December 15, 1946 – November 14, 2021) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. He was in office for sixteen years before being impeached and removed from office in December 2010. 

Porteous Jr. died on November 14, 2021 in New Orleans, Louisiana, aged 74.

Georgiy Roedov

Georgiy Roedov (; 1 March 1939 – 14 November 2021) was a Russian diplomat. He was Ambassador of the Soviet Union and later Russia to Laos from 1990 to 1993 and Ambassador of Russia to Kyrgyzstan from 1997 to 2002.

Chanmyr Udumbara

Chanmyr Udumbara (; 20 April 1948 – 14 November 2021) was a Russian politician. He was on the Federation Council from 24 December 2001 to 8 October 2002.

Vladimir Zhutenkov

Vladimir Zhutenkov (; 2 April 1962 – 14 November 2021) was a Russian businessman and politician. He was a member of United Russia. He was in the State Duma from 2016 to 2017.

Bruno Vella

Bruno Vella (3 April 1933 – 13 November 2021) was an Italian Socialist politician. He was President of the Province of Rieti from 1975 to 1982, Mayor of Rieti from 1982 to 1983, and served on the Senate of the Republic from 1983 to 1992.

The Tokens

The Tokens were an American male doo-wop-style vocal group and record production company group from Brooklyn, New York. They are known best for their 1961 single "The Lion Sleeps Tonight".


Dragoș Petre Dumitriu

Dragoș Petre Dumitriu (17 February 1964 – 13 November 2021) was a Romanian politician and journalist. He was a member of the Greater Romania Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 2004 to 2008.

Dumitriu was diagnosed with COVID-19 in October 2021 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Romania. He died on 13 November 2021, from a heart attack at the age of 57.

Jörn Svensson

Jörn Svensson (13 February 1936 – 12 November 2021) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Left Party. He was in the Riksdag from 1971 to 1988 and the European Parliament from 1995 to 1999.

Svensson died on 12 November 2021 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 85.

Tarakan

Tarakan is an island and the largest city of the Indonesian province of North Kalimantan.

Edward L. Sadowsky

Edward L. Sadowsky (February 6, 1929 – November 11, 2021) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was a member of the New York City Council from 1962 to 1989. Sadowsky was born in New York City.

Sadowsky died on November 11, 2021 in Beachwood, Ohio from respiratory failure, aged 92.

Sergei Shulgin (politician)

Sergei Shulgin (; 14 January 1956 – 11 November 2021) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Party of Russian Unity and Accord. He was in the State Duma from 1994 to 1995.

Otto Pendl

Otto Pendl (29 October 1951 – 10 November 2021) was an Austrian politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria. He was in the National Council from 1998 to 2017.

Erika Fisch

Erika Fisch (29 April 1934 – 9 November 2021) was a German athlete. She represented the United Team of Germany at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. She came in fourt place in the long jump. During the 1962 European Athletics Championships she won silver in the 4 × 100 m relay.

Fisch died on 9 November 2021, at the age of 87.

Michael Marai

Michael Marai (1948 – November 3, 2021) was a Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic prelate. He was bishop emeritus of Goroka. He was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Goroka from 1988 until in 1994.

Marai was born in Mushu Island, Territory of Papua and New Guinea, in present-day East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. He became a priest in 1976.

Marai died from cancer at a hospital in Wewak, Papua New Guinea, on November 3, 2021, at the age of 73.

What a Wonderful World

"What a Wonderful World" is a song written by Bob Thiele and George David Weiss. It was first recorded by Louis Armstrong and released in 1967 as a single.

After appearing in the movie "Good Morning, Vietnam", the song was re-released as a single in 1988. Armstrong's recording was added in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999. 

Somewhere Over the Rainbow/What a Wonderful World

"Somewhere Over the Rainbow/What a Wonderful World" (also known as "Over the Rainbow/What a Wonderful World") is a medley of "Over the Rainbow" and "What a Wonderful World". It was recorded by Hawaiian singer Israel Kamakawiwoʻole. It was first released on the 1990 album "Ka ʻAnoʻi".

In 2021, it was selected to be preservation in the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress.

Paul Sun-Hyung Lee

Paul Sun-Hyung Lee (born August 16, 1972) is a South Korean-born Canadian actor and television host. He is best known for his roles as Randy Ko in the soap opera "Train 48" (2003–2005) and as Appa in the 2011 play "Kim's Convenience" and its television version. Lee was born in Daejeon, South Korea. His career began in 2005.

Lee is set to play Uncle Iroh in the Netflix of "".

École normale supérieure Paris-Saclay

École normale supérieure Paris-Saclay (also known as "École normale supérieure de Cachan", "ENS Cachan" or "ENS Paris-Saclay") is a French grande école. The school is located in Gif-sur-Yvette. The subjects of the school are applied science and sociology, economics and management.

The school is a member of the University of Paris-Saclay.




Rettenbach, Upper Palatinate

Rettenbach is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Rimbach, Upper Palatinate

Rimbach is a municipality in the district of Cham (district) in the Upper Palatinate in Bavaria in Germany.


Roding, Germany

Roding () is a town in the district of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany, near the Czech border.

Rötz

Rötz is a town in the district of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 17 km northwest of Cham, and 30 km east of Schwandorf.

Runding

Runding is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Schönthal

Schönthal is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Schorndorf, Bavaria

Schorndorf is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Stamsried

Stamsried is a village and municipality in the district of Cham in the Upper Palatinate region of Bavaria, Germany, near the Czech border. It is also in the Roman Catholic diocese of Regensburg. Stamsried has a population of 2,319 residents as of June 2004 and an area of 4343 hectares (43.43 square kilometers, 16.8 square miles) which includes surrounding countryside outside the built up area of the village itself, the population density is 53.4 persons per square kilometer (138.3 per square mile). Stamsried is 456 meters (1,496 feet) above sea level and contains rolling hills as high as 600 meters (1,968 feet).

Stamsried is near the "Upper Bavarian Forest Nature Park" and tourism makes up a portion of its economy as shown by the number of small hotels and "pensions" or bed and breakfasts.


Tiefenbach, Upper Palatinate

Tiefenbach is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Traitsching

Traitsching is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Treffelstein

Treffelstein is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Waffenbrunn

Waffenbrunn is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Wald, Upper Palatinate

Wald is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Walderbach

Walderbach is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Waldmünchen

Waldmünchen, Czech: "Lesní Mnichov", is a town in the district of Cham, in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the border with the Czech Republic, 18 km (11 mi) north of Cham, and 18 km (11 mi) southwest of Domažlice.

Power Rangers Day of Destiny

Power Rangers Day of Destiny is a tabletop role-playing-game web-series produced by Hasbro. It is streamed live by Renegades Game Studio on Twitch, and also available in audio format as a podcast. It started airing on Twitch on August 27, 2021. The show has one season, with only 10 episodes in it. It started a little bit before the hiatus of "Power Rangers Dino Fury" ended and is the second and last tabletop role-playing-game web-series of "Power Rangers" after "Power Rangers Hyperforce". It is about the next generation of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers stopping Rita Repulsa from taking over the Morphin Grid.




Rakhine United F.C

Rakhine United Football Club is a professional football club, based in Arakan State.

The team was in the Myanmar National League in 2019.

Nyo Twan Awng

Brig. Gen. Nyo Twan Awng (; also spelled Nyo Tun Aung, born Zaw Mro Thet on 4 March 1981) is the deputy leader of the United League of Arakan and the Vice Commander-in-Chief of the Arakan Army.

Michael Haydn

Michael Haydn was a German composer. He was born in 1737 and he died in 1806. He was the brother of Joseph Haydn.

Rina Gunawan

Rina Mustikana Gumilang Gunawan, also known as Rina Gunawan, (June 28, 1974 – March 2, 2021) was an Indonesian television host and entrepreneur. 

Rina was a singer. She studied at Swara Mahardika, Geronimo, and Studio 26. She released and album, "Yudi" in 1996. 

She was a presenter of television talk shows. She also had roles in several soap operas, including "Erte Erwe" (Ruwet Household), "Pat Pat Gulipat," "Mat Angin." "She" also guest starred in "Si Doel Anak Sekolahan" (as Sarah's best friend played by Cornelia Agatha).

She founded an event company 9HN Production.

She died from COVID-19.


Rina married actor Teddy Shah on 11 April 1999; they had two children. 

She is the daughter-in-law of Indonesian actor and director Fritz G. Schadt.

Daniel Shays

Daniel Shays was a farmer and veteran of the American Revolutionary War and famously led the Shays' Rebellion in January 1787 with other farmers. The difficulties in ending the rebellion exposed the problems with the Articles of Confederation.

Judith de Leeuw

Judith de Leeuw (born 1995 Amsterdam) also known as JDL is a Dutch street artist. De Leeuw started as a graffiti writer in Amsterdam.. In 2017 she won a Dutch Street Art Awards in the category Young Talent. The Chicago Tribune called her "one of the best female muralists in the world." 

She travels the world to paint murals.

Around 2007 she started with friends on the street as a graffiti writer. She studied at the Willem de Kooning Academy and Street Art Museum.

In 2016, she painted an Amsterdam mural of Amy Winehouse.

In 2017, she created a mural for a pop-up restaurant, in Amsterdam. In 2018, she made an eight-story mural of the rapper Winne at the Kruisplein in Rotterdam.

She was commissioned for paintings paid in cryptocurrency.


Acworth, New Hampshire

Acworth is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 853 people lived there.


Albany, New Hampshire

Albany is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 759 people lived there.

Manchester Victoria station

Manchester Victoria Railway station is One Manchester's Railway stations around Manchester. It holds between Rochdale Manchester Airport Salford Crescent Liverpool & more.
This is The one of stations that has connection to the Arena.

Location: Manchester
Line: Manchester & Liverpool
Manchester Victoria -> Rochdale -> To Leeds
Manchester Victoria -> Salford Central -> To Southport
Manchester Victoria -> Manchester Oxford Road -> To Manchester Piccadilly & Airport
Manchester Victoria -> Newton-le-willows -> To Liverpool & Chester

Manchester Oxford Road railway station

Manchester Oxford is a major Rail station it is Managed by Northern Trains & Transpennine Express
Located in Oxford Road of Manchester

Holds between Manchester Airport, Windermere, Newton-le-willows, Barrow-in-Furness, Carlisle, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Glasgow Central 
Liverpool, Blackpool, Leeds, York, Middlesborough,
Redcar Central, Chester, Sheffield,

Bath, New Hampshire

Bath is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,077 people lived there.


Weiding

Weiding is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Willmering

Wilmering is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Zandt

Zandt is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Zell, Upper Palatinate

Zell is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Weidhausen

Weidhausen bei Coburg (officially: Weidhausen b. Coburg) is a municipality in the southeastern portion of the Coburg district of Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is divided into three districts:

Sani Dangote

Sani Dangote (1959/60 – 14 November 2021) was a Nigerian businessman and brother to Aliko Dangote. He died on 14 November 2021 in the United States from colon cancer. 

Dangote had one wife and eight children. The only remaining brother to him is Aliko Dangote. 

Dekanalog

Dekanalog is an American movie and music company. The company was founded in 2020. The headquarters of the company is in New York City.

The company released its first movie in March 2021. In June of the same year, the company started producing music as well. It began with vinyl soundtrack of "Take Me Somewhere Nice". In November 2021, the company signed a home video contract with OCN Distribution.

L.A. Guns

L.A. Guns are an American glam metal band from Los Angeles, California. They were formed in 1983. 

Current members of the band include Tracii Guns (lead guitar), Phil Lewis (lead vocals), Ace Von Johnson (rhythm guitar, backing vocals), Johnny Martin (bass, backing vocals) and Scot Coogan (drums). 


Jyrki Kasvi

Jyrki Jouko Juhani Kasvi (6 January 1964 – 16 November 2021) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Finnish Parliament from 2003 until 2011 and again from 2015 until 2019. He was a member of the Green League. Kasvi was born in Pyhtää, Finland.

Kasvi was diagnosed with bladder cancer in 2003. It became terminal in January 2021. He died on 16 November 2021 under hospice care in Helsinki, Finland from the disease, aged 57.

Leonid Bartenyev

Leonid Vladimirovich Bartenyev () (10 October 1933 – 17 November 2021) was a Soviet athlete. He competed mainly in the 100 metres. Bartenyev was born in Poltava, Ukraine. He competed for the USSR in the 1956 Summer Olympics, where he won the silver medal. He also went to the 1960 Summer Olympics, where he won another silver medal.

Bartenyev died on 17 November 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 88.

Jimmie Durham

Jimmie Durham (July 10, 1940 – November 17, 2021) was an American-Swiss sculptor, essayist and poet. He was active during the civil rights movements of African Americans and Native Americans in the 1960s and 1970s. He spent most of his career in Switzerland. 

He said that he was a Cherokee but that claim has been denied by tribal representatives.

Durham died on November 17, 2021 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 81.


Mace (weapon)

A mace is a wooden, metal-reinforced or metal shaft, 3 or more feet long, with a head made of iron or steel adding another foot to 18 inches to the length of the weapon. The head is normally about or slightly thicker than the diameter of the shaft, shaped with flanges, knobs or spikes to allow greater penetration of armour. It, like the war hammer and different other weapons of the time, came about because of the increased use of more effective armor on the battlefield.

The word "mace" comes from the French "masse" (short for Masse d'armes).

The mace was created in the Upper Paleolithic from the club. The club had spikes of flint or obsidian. There was a problem with early maces, though. The stone tips would shatter easily and it was difficult to fix the handle reliably.

The Persians used a variety of maces. For a knight, a mace was as effective as a sword. The ancient Romans didn't make wide use of maces.



Mohsen Mojtahed Shabestari

Ayatollah Mohsen Mojtahed Shabestari (; 1937 – 17 November 2021) was an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician. He was born in Shabestar, Iran. He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly between 1980 until 1988 and again from 1992 until 2000. He was also a member of the Assembly of Experts between 1983 until his death. 

Shabestari died on 17 November 2021 in Tehran, Iran from cardiac arrest.

Theuns Jordaan

Theuns Jordaan (10 January 1971 – 17 November 2021) was a South African singer-songwriter and guitarist. In 2000, his first album, "Vreemde Stad", was released. It became his well known work. 

In September 2020, Jordaan was diagnosed with leukaemia. He died in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape from the disease on 17 November 2021, aged 50.


Dave Frishberg

David L. Frishberg (March 23, 1933 – November 17, 2021) is an American jazz pianist, vocalist, composer, and lyricist. He was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. His songs have been performed by Blossom Dearie, Rosemary Clooney, Shirley Horn, Anita O'Day, Michael Feinstein, Irene Kral, Diana Krall, Stacey Kent, John Pizzarelli and Mel Tormé.

Frishberg wrote the music and lyrics for "I'm Just a Bill" for the ABC "Schoolhouse Rock!" series.

Frishberg died on November 17, 2021 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 88.

Victoria Reggie Kennedy

Victoria Anne Kennedy (née Reggie; born February 26, 1954) is an American diplomat, attorney and activist. Kennedy is the U.S. Ambassador to Austria since 2022. She is the second wife and widow of longtime U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy, who was the brother of President John F. Kennedy.

In 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden nominated Kennedy to be the U.S. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Austria. On October 26, 2021, Kennedy was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote.

List of German painters

This is a list of famous German painters.







On Our Merry Way

On Our Merry Way is a 1948 American comedy movie directed by Leslie Fenton, George Stevens, John Huston, King Vidor. It stars Paulette Goddard, Burgess Meredith, James Stewart, Henry Fonda, Harry James, Dorothy Lamour, Victor Moore, Dorothy Ford, Fred MacMurray, Hugh Herbert and was distributed by United Artists.


Düsseldorf school of painting

The art movement Düsseldorf school of painting was a group of artists who painted mostly landscapes, and who studied at, or were influenced by the Düsseldorf Academy. The academy's influence grew in the 1830s and 1840s, while the painter Wilhelm von Schadow was chief; It had many American students, several of whom got connected with the Hudson River School.

Famous members of the art movement (or "the Düsseldorf School") include Karl Friedrich Lessing, Johann Wilhelm Schirmer, Andreas Achenbach, Hans Fredrik Gude, Adolph Tidemand, Oswald Achenbach, Adolf Schrödter, and von Schadow.



InstaShop

InstaShop (Arabic: انستاشوب) is an E-commerce technology company founded in the United Arab Emirates in 2015 currently operating in 9 countries. On August 27, 2020, Delivery Hero announced that acquired 100% of InstaShop for $360 million.

InstaShop was founded in 2015 in Dubai, by John Tsioris and Ioanna Angelidaki as an online grocery delivery service. Twelve months later, the company was nominated by Forbes Middle East as one of "The most promising UAE startups" of the year, having partnered with more than 50 supermarkets and having more than 60,000 users, reason why Souq.com (now Amazon) quickly decided to invest on the project.

In the following years the company expanded outside the UAE, starting its operations in Qatar and Bahrain in 2017, to then enter in Egypt and Lebanon in 2018. Also in 2018, Forbes Middle East awarded InstaShop as one of the top 100 startups.

In 2019 InstaShop has gone from being a Grocery Delivery App to delivering multiple types of products, reaching more than 500,000 users during the COVID-19 pandemic.
On August 2020 InstaShop was acquired by the German holding Delivery Hero based on a valuation of USD 360 million.

After the expansions in Oman, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia occurred in 2021, the app - which is currently active in 9 countries - has also gradually expanded its offer (originally focused on grocery), adding other categories such as pharmacies, restaurants, fitness nutrition, electronics, perfumes, stationery, home & living, and cosmetics.

Slush

Slush, also called slush ice, is a mixture of snow and liquid water.

In the natural environment, slush is made when ice or snow melts. This often mixes with dirt and other materials, resulting in a gray or muddy brown color. Ice and snow can often block the draining of water from slushy areas, so slush often freezes and melts multiple times before completely disappearing.

In areas where road salt is used to clear roadways, slush forms at lower temperatures than it would usually in salted areas. This can cause many differences, even in the same area.

Slush behaves like a non-Newtonian fluid, which means it acts solid until its inner shear forces reach a certain amount. When this happens, it can suddenly become fluid. This makes the behaviour of slush very unpredictable. This is the reason avalanches happen and are so unpredictable. This gives them potential to become a hidden natural hazard.

Too much slush can be a problem on an aircraft runway since it cause resistance on the aircraft’s wheels. This can cause accidents such as the Munich air disaster. Slush on roads can also increase the braking distances for cars and trucks, increasing the chance of rear end crashes and other accidents.

Slush can be dangerous and slippery in overnight frost.

Sometimes, slush can be helpful. When snow hits slush, it melts on contact. This stops roads from becoming too full of snow or sleet.

Collège de France

Collège de France Formerly known as the "Collège Royal" is a higher education and research institution in France. The school was founded in 1530 by Francis I. It is located in Paris, in the Latin Quarter, across from the La Sorbonne campus, near the Pantheon.



Sophie's Choice (movie)

Sophie's Choice is a 1982 American drama movie directed and written by Alan J. Pakula. It is based on William Styron's 1979 novel of the same name. The movie stars Meryl Streep as Zofia "Sophie" Zawistowski. The movie is about a Polish immigrant with a dark secret from her past. It also stars Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol, Rita Karin, Stephen D. Newman, and Josh Mostel.

"Sophie's Choice" premiered in Los Angeles on December 8, 1982. It received generally positive reviews from critics.

Mont Vernon, New Hampshire

Mont Vernon is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,584 people live there.


The Way We Were

The Way We Were is a 1973 American romantic drama movie directed by Sydney Pollack. It stars Barbra Streisand and Robert Redford. Arthur Laurents wrote both the novel and screenplay. It is based on his college days at Cornell University and his experiences with the House Un-American Activities Committee.

Virginio Pizzali

Virginio Pizzali (28 December 1934 – 14 November 2021) was an Italian cyclist. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. He was born in Mortegliano, Italy.

Pizzali died on 14 November 2021 in Udine, Italy at the age of 86.

Mortegliano

Mortegliano () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is located about 60 km northwest of Trieste and about 14 km southwest of Udine.

Dzyanis Kowba

Dzyanis Yur'evich Kowba (, , "Denis Yuriyevich Kovba"; 6 September 1979 – 18 November 2021) was a Belarusian professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder. He was a member of Belarus national team between 2002 and 2007. He was born in Vitebsk, Soviet Union.

Kowba died on 18 November 2021 in Minsk, Belarus from COVID-19 at the age of 42.

Chichester, New Hampshire

Chichester is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,665 people lived there.


Zvi Zilker

Zvi Zilker (13 March 1933 – 18 November 2021) was a German-born Israeli politician. He was the second and fourth mayor of Ashdod between 1969 until 1983 and again from 1989 until 2009. Zilker was born in Güstrow, Germany. He moved to Israel in 1935 to escape Nazi Germany.

Zilker died on 18 November 2021 from cancer in Ashdod, Israel at the age of 88.

West Hills, New York

West Hills is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Huntington, Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 5,385 at the 2020 census.

Franz Stuck

Franz von Stuck (February 23, 1863 – August 30, 1928) was a German painter, sculptor, printmaker, and architect. 

Among his famous paintings are "The Sin" from 1892. 

In 1906, Stuck got the Order of Merit of the Bavarian Crown.


Deepti Sadhwani

Deepti Sadhwani is an Indian actress and singer, who works in Bollywood film industry. Her recently released song is "Butterfly Wale".

Sadhwani was born and brought up in Lucknow, India. She has done MBA in Finance from the "Jaipuria Institute of Management".

Sadhwani started her career as an investment banker. She won the title of "Miss North India" and she took part in Femina Miss India where she was a regional finalist. She has also appeared in the television series "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah" and also hosted a reality show named "Hasya Samrat", which was aired on Zee Marathi. She has also done movies like "Nazar Hati Durghatana Ghati" and "Rock Band Party" where she played the lead role. In 2020 lockdown she has done three music videos named "Harayana Roadway", "Toot Jaayein", "Lala Lala Lori".



Dorothea Dix

Dorothea Lynde Dix (April 4, 1802July 17, 1887) was an American reformer during the Antebellum Period. She advocated for improved treatment of prisoners and the mentally ill. She was mainly concerned with the inhumane conditions faced by these groups. Her efforts led to many states taking steps to address this issue, with some building new facilities and some improving existing ones.

Osterhofen

Osterhofen is a town in the district of Deggendorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right bank of the Danube, 16 km south of Deggendorf.

Aholming

Aholming is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Germany.

Auerbach, Lower Bavaria

Auerbach () is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Außernzell

Außernzell is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany. It is part of the municipal union of Schöllnach.

The village is in the Donau-Wald region and it is in the valley of the Kleinen Ohe river, which empties into the Danube in the Bavarian Forest.

Bernried

Bernried is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Buchhofen

Buchhofen is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafling

Grafling is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafling is in the Danube Forest Planning Region ("Planungsregion Donau-Wald"). Its lowest point is in Großtiefenbach at 326 m above sea level (NN). The highest points of the municipality are the Steinberg (999 m), the Geißriegel (1,043 m), the Dreitannenriegel (1,090 m) and the Einödriegel (1,121 m) which rise above the valley of the Graflinger Tal to the east. To the north the valley ends at the Hochberg (727 m), to the west it is guarded by the Butzen (775 m) and the Vogelsang (1,022 m) in the municipality of Bernried. To the south the valley opens up towards Deggendorf, the Danube Plain, and the Gäuboden.

Grattersdorf

Grattersdorf is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany.

Hengersberg

Hengersberg is a municipality in Bavaria in the district Deggendorf.

Districts are: Hengersberg, Altenufer, Anzenberg, Boxbach, Buch, Edermanning, Emming, Erkerding, Erlachhof, Eusching, Frohnhofen, Furth, Grubmühle, Heiming, Hinterweinberg, Holzberg, Holzerreuth, Hörgolding, Hörpling, Hub, Hubmühle, Hütting, Kading, Killersberg, Klausberg, Lapferding, Leebbergheim, Lichtenöd, Lohof, Manzing, Matzing, Mimming, Mutzenwinkl, Neulust, Nußberg, Oberanzenberg, Oberellenbach, Oberreith, Obersimbach, Pfaffing, Ponau, Rading, Reichersdorf, Reisach, Schlott, Schwanenkirchen, "Schwarzach", Sicking, Siederding, Siedersberg, Thannberg, Trainding, Unterellenbach, Unterfrohnstetten, Unterreith, Untersimbach, Viehdorf, Vorderweinberg, Walmering, Waltersdorf, Weickering, Wessenhof, Würzing, Zilling.

Hengersberg was founded 997 as "Helmgeresberg" by Gotthard of Niederalteich.

Hunding

Hunding is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Ampelokipoi-Menemeni

Ampelokipoi–Menemeni () is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is in Ampelokipoi.

Iggensbach

Iggensbach is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Künzing

Künzing () is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany.

Lalling

Lalling is a municipality in the Lower Bavarian district of Deggendorf in Germany. It is a nationally recognized resort town.

Lalling is along the Danube in the south of the Bavarian Forest, specifically in what is called the Lallinger angle.

Metten

Metten is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany. The town grew up around the Benedictine Metten Abbey, founded in 766. Metten is also the birthplace of former Bayern Munich goalkeeper Sepp Maier.

Moos, Bavaria

Moos is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Niederalteich

Niederalteich () is a village on the Danube in Bavaria, Germany. It is best known as the place of Niederaltaich Abbey.

Oberpöring

Oberpöring is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Offenberg

Offenberg is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Otzing

Otzing is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Plattling

Plattling is a town in the district of Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany, on the river Isar, 9 km southwest of Deggendorf, just before it enters the Danube.

Plattling is twinned with:


The little girl playing with a butterfly (Rotta)

The little girl found in Venice (also known as La Bambina in culla che gioca con una farfalla) is a 19th-century oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1860, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Museo Bottacin in Padova, Italy.




Schaufling

Schaufling is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Schöllnach

Schöllnach is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Stephansposching

Stephansposching is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Wallerfing

Wallerfing is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Winzer

Winzer is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Eva Galvache

Eva Galvache (14 October 1962 Cartagena - 27 June 2020 Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid) was a Spanish radio journalist.​

She studied at the Universidad CEU San Pablo. In 1986 she started at the Cadena COPE network, with Faustino Catalina, directed by José Luis Gago, in the religious news program "Iglesia noticia". The program had the collaboration of Paloma Gómez Borrero and Antonio Pelayo

She also hosted the programs "Letra y música" and "El espejo de la familia." Through this family radio program, related to family and the defense of life.​​

Specialized in religious information, she took charge of the news of the COPE network for thirty years, being the first secular woman to hold the position of religion editor in the chain. She attended as a special envoy to cover the most important ecclesiastical events worldwide, such as World Youth Days, various synods, conclaves and various canonizations. ​​

She died on 27 June 2020 in Pozuelo de Alarcón after suffering from breast cancer.​​

Aislingen

Aislingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Bachhagel

Bachhagel is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The current mayor is Ingo Hellstern.


Bächingen

Bächingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau.

Ulrike Gaul

Ulrike Gaul (5 August 1960 Möckmühl – 14 June 2020) was a German developmental biologist.

Ulrike Gaul studied biochemistry and physics at the University of Tübingen. In 1988, she received her doctorate from the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology. Subsequently,she conducted research at the University of Washington and the University of California, Berkeley. From 1993, she was a professor at Rockefeller University. In 2009, she accepted an Alexander von Humboldt Professorship at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, where she worked at the Center for Integrated Protein Science Munich (CIPSM). 

Her scientific work focused on the analysis of the role of glial cells in the nervous system of fruit flies, as well as systems biology studies on gene regulation in developmental biology. 

Binswangen

Binswangen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

Nurhasanah Iskandar

Nurhasanah Iskandar (20 May 1958 – 12 July 2020) was an Indonesian voice actress. She was the voice of the animated character Doraemon which aired on RCTI. 

Beginning in 1982, Nurhasanah worked at Radio Republik Indonesia (RRI). She produced radio programs. She also voiced telenovelas and Indian films. She voiced the character Doraemon from 1993 until January 2018. 

After retiring from RRI in 2016, Nurhasanah focused on doraemon projects. Sometimes she appeared on television or other shows. 

Starting in February 2018, Nurhasanah's was replaced by her son, Dana Robbyansyah as the voice of Doraemon.

Bissingen, Bavaria

Bissingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Blindheim

Blindheim (); ; traditionally known in English as Blenheim ( ), is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Dillingen in southern Germany, containing of several villages. It is north of Augsburg, on the left bank of the Danube River. Its population is about 1,700.

For administrative purposes, it is affiliated with the municipal association of Höchstädt an der Donau.



Buttenwiesen

Buttenwiesen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

The comune Buttenwiesen belongs to the region of Augsburg. The community contains the main town Buttenwiesen and the municipality parts Frauenstetten, Lauterbach, Oberthürheim, Pfaffenhofen an der Zusam, Unterthürheim and Wortelstetten.

Dillingen an der Donau

Dillingen or Dillingen an der Donau (, Dillingen at the Danube) is a town in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. It is the administrative center of the district of Dillingen.



Outi Aunula-Ylä-Sulkava

Outi Aunula-Ylä-Sulkava (b. October 1992) is a Finnish long track speed skater. She was active between 1985 and 2000. 

Aunula-Ylä-Sulkava represented her nation three time as at the World All round Speed Skating Championships for Women. in 1992, in 1993 and in 1998. 

She participated at the European Speed Skating Championships for Women in 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1999. She also competed at other international competitions, including at ISU Speed Skating World Cups.

Finningen

Finningen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. It is 7 km north of the town of Dillingen. The population is 1206 (as of 2017). The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Glött

Glött is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Irina Safrankova

Irina Safrankova (Ирина Сафранкова; born June 1978) is a Belarusian long track speed skater, who was active between 1994 and 2000.. 

Safrankova represented her nation at the 1998 World All round Speed Skating Championships, but was disqualified in the 1500 metres. 

She also competed at international competitions, including at ISU Speed Skating World Cups.

Gundelfingen an der Donau

Gundelfingen an der Donau () is a town in the Bavarian district Dillingen in Swabia. Gundelfingen is at the river Danube (Donau), between Stuttgart, Munich and Augsburg (latitude 48° 33" 15' and longitude: 10° 22" 9'). It has some 8,000 residents and still resembles the town of the Middle Ages. The town is the seat of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau, which includes the towns Bächingen, Haunsheim and Medlingen.


Haunsheim

Haunsheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau.

Koba (sweet)

Koba is a sweet made from ground peanuts, brown sugar and rice flour. It is a traditional food of Madagascar (where it is also known as kobandravina), especially in the highlands. In markets and gas stations you can find people selling "koba akondro", a sweet made by wrapping a batter of ground peanuts, mashed bananas, honey and corn flour in banana leaves and steaming or boiling the small cakes until the batter has set.

Koba akondro (]) is part of the Malagasy cuisine of Madagascar. It is sold in markets and gas stations. It is made by wrapping a batter of ground peanuts, mashed bananas, honey and corn flour in banana leaves and steaming or boiling the small cakes until the batter has set. Peanut brittle is also sold.


Höchstädt an der Donau

Höchstädt an der Donau () is a town in the district of Dillingen, Bavaria, Germany. It is near the banks of the Danube. It contains of the following suburbs: Höchstädt an der Donau, Deisenhofen, Oberglauheim, Schwennenbach and Sonderheim. The town is the seat of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau, which includes the towns Blindheim, Finningen, Lutzingen and Schwenningen.


Martha Flores

Martha Flores (December 27, 1928 Cardenas – July 18, 2020 Miami) was a Cuban radio announcer, journalist and singer. She continued her career in the United States, where she was known as the "Queen of the Night".​​

She was born in Cárdenas, in the province of Matanzas (Cuba) on December 27, 1928. At an early age his family moved to Havana.​In 1959, she graduated as a broadcaster from the University of Havana.​

When Fidel Castro came to power in 1959, Flores decided to leave her native country. According to Flores, "I left my homeland because I knew Fidel Castro's career from the University of Havana, and I knew that the future was not going to be good for Cuba." Based in Miami, she linked up with Hispanic radio in that city, debuting with the first radio program hosted by a woman.​

Linked to the Univision radio network and the radio station Radio Mambí 710 AM, Flores presented "La noche y usted,"a program where she addressed issues of interest to Cuban exiles in the United States. She also served as an activist for the rights of Latino immigrants, created the La Rosa Blanca foundation.

Holzheim, Dillingen

Holzheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria. Until its demolition in 1811, Fultenbach Abbey stood in the town.

Peanut brittle

Brittle is a type of sweet consisting of flat broken pieces of hard sugar candy with nuts mixed into it, such as pecans, almonds, or peanuts. It is usually less than 1 centimeter thick. It has many variations around the world, such as "pasteli" in Greece, "sohan" in Iran, croquant in France, alegría or palanqueta in Mexico, "gozinaki" in Georgia, "gachak" or "gajak" in Indian Punjab, "chikki" in other parts of India, "kotkoti" in Bangladesh, "sohan halwa" in Pakistan, "huasheng tang" (花生糖) in China, "thua tat" (ถั่วตัด) in Thailand and kẹo lạc in Vietnam. In parts of the Middle East, brittle is made with pistachios. Many Asian countries use sesame seeds and peanuts. Peanut brittle is the most popular brittle recipe in the United States. The term "brittle", was first printed in 1892 meaning food, though the candy itself has been around for much longer.

Usually, a mixture of sugar and water is heated to approximately , though some recipes also use ingredients like glucose and salt in the first step. Nuts are mixed with the sugar, which is caramelized. At this point, spices, leavening agents, and often peanut butter or butter are added to the mixture. The hot candy is poured out onto a flat surface for cooling, traditionally a granite or marble slab, or a baking sheet. The hot candy can be smoothed to an equal thickness. When the brittle is cool enough to touch, it is broken into pieces or chunks.

Nougatine is a similar confection to brittle, but it is made of sliced almonds instead of whole peanuts, which are mixed into clear caramel.


Bennington, New Hampshire

Bennington is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,501 people lived there.


Bezeklik Caves

The Bezeklik Thousand Buddha Caves (, Uyghur: ېىزەكلىك مىڭ ئۆيى ) are small Buddhist caves. They are between the cities of Turpan and Shanshan (Loulan) at the north-east of the Taklamakan Desert. They are near the ancient ruins of Gaochang in the Mutou Valley, in the Xinjiang region of western China.

There are 77 rock-cut caves at the site. Most of them have rectangular spaces with rounded arch ceilings. These are often divided into four sections. Each of these four sections has a mural of the Buddha. The entire ceiling is covered with hundreds of Buddha murals. Some murals show a large Buddha with other figures, including Turks, Indians and Europeans. Some of the murals are a better quality than others.

Ardeshir Zahedi

Ardeshir Zahedi, GCVO (; 16 October 1928 – 18 November 2021) was an Iranian politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1966 to 1971. He was also the Ambassador to the United States between 1960 until 1962 and again from 1973 until 1979. He was also an Ambassador to the United Kingdom between 1962 until 1966.

Zahedi was born in Tehran. His father, Fazlollah Zahedi, was the 36th Prime Minister of Iran. Between 1957 until their divorce in 1964, he was married to Shahnaz Pahlavi. They had one daughter.

Zahedi died on 18 November 2021 in Montreux, Switzerland at the age of 93.

Eugenio Conti

Eugenio Conti is an Italian painter.
He is a son of doctor Bernardino and Angela Ogliari. He studied painting at the Accademia Carrara of Bergamo and had Enrico Scuri as his teacher; in 1864 he moved to Florence and studied with Antonio Ciseri, from 1866 he was in Rome to attend the National Academy of San Luca attending the workshop of Cesare Mariani he remained there until 1864. In his youth he was linked to the patriots Garibaldi's men. He fought in 1866 as a volunteer among the Garibaldini, performing heroic deeds, and was taken prisoner by the Austrians in Trentino, and was incarcerated in Slovenia, he could only return to his homeland following an exchange of prisoners.

Later in 1874 he lived between Milan in Crema and married his cousin Zoe Fontana, with whom he had four children, discovering the village of Lierna on Lake Como thanks to a family of high nobility, where he would then spend many years in holiday, finding in that environment the inspiration for numerous works.
He made paintings for the churches of Vaiano Cremasco, Credera, San Giovanni Battista and Santa Maria della Croce in Crema, for Palazzo Bonzi and villa Poma in Biella. He took part in the industrial and artistic exhibition in Cremona, in a similar exhibition in Turin and in the industrial exhibition Milan.

In 1901 he was appointed honorary member of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera.
He is buried in the cemetery of Sergnano: on the tomb there is a bronze medallion with the portrait of him made by the sculptor Alessandro Laforêt.

Conti will often be a guest with numerous other painters of a noble family in Lierna on Lake Como, where he is hosted to stay in the summer of 1908, making his last large work before dying The boat turns the tip in Lierna, painted En plein air from the terrace of a villa on Lierna, declaring it to be the most beautiful sight of his life. The work is now part of the permanent collection of the Civic Museum of Crema and Cremasco.





Fazlollah Zahedi

Fazlollah Zahedi (, pronounced ; 17 May 1892 – 2 September 1963) was an Iranian general and politician. He was the 36th Prime Minister of Iran 1953 - 1955. He replaced Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh in a coup d'état. The United States and Great Britain supported that military take over.

Chatham, New Hampshire

Chatham is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 341 people lived there.

Prime Minister of Iran

The Prime Minister of Iran was a political job in Iran (Persia) that had existed many times between the Qajar era until the end of the Pahlavi dynasty. It also was active from 1979 to 1989 following the Iranian Revolution, but was abolished in 1989.



Ack van Rooyen

Ack van Rooyen (1 January 1930 – 18 November 2021) was a Dutch jazz trumpeter and flugelhornist. He was Jerry van Rooyen's brother. He played with The Ramblers between 1955 and 1957, then moved to France in 1957. There, he worked with Aime Barelli, Kenny Clarke, Lucky Thompson, and Barney Wilen.

Van Rooyen was born and died in The Hague. He was 91 years old.

Aldine, Texas

Aldine is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Atascocita, Texas

Atascocita is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Barrett, Texas

Barrett is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Channelview, Texas

Channelview is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Crosby, Texas

Crosby is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Highlands, Texas

Highlands is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Sheldon, Texas

Sheldon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Spring, Texas

Spring is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Hollywood Park, Texas

Hollywood Park is a town in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

St. Hedwig, Texas

St. Hedwig is a town in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Bartonville, Texas

Bartonville is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Cross Roads, Texas

Cross Roads is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Double Oak, Texas

Double Oak is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Draper, Texas

Draper is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Hickory Creek, Texas

Hickory Creek is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Northlake, Texas

Northlake is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Ponder, Texas

Ponder is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Providence Village, Texas

Providence Village is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Shady Shores, Texas

Shady Shores is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Sumrall, Mississippi

Sumrall is a small town in Lamar County, Mississippi, United States.

New Hebron, Mississippi

New Hebron is a small town in Lawrence County, Mississippi, United States.

Silver Creek, Mississippi

Silver Creek is a small town in Lawrence County, Mississippi, United States.

East Granby, Connecticut

East Granby is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

East Windsor, Connecticut

East Windsor is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Enfield, Connecticut

Enfield is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Granby, Connecticut

Granby is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Ali Derakhshan (footballer)

Ali Derakhshan (; born February 17, 1999) is an Iranian footballer.


Chester, New Hampshire

Chester is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,232 people lived there.


There once was a man from Nantucket

"There once was a man from Nantucket" is the first line in many limericks. This is usually because the word "Nantucket" is easy to rhyme with. The limerick where the line is from was first written for the "Princeton Tiger" in 1902.

Many other newspapers made limericks about the man and the bucket.

Sexual versions of the limerick have made it popular. One of these versions comes from 1927 in the book "Immortalia".

Ali Derakhshan (politician)

Ali Derakhshan (July 7, 1919 - July 7, 1981 in Tehran) was an Iranian politician.

He opponent and fighter against the Pahlavi government and a member of the Central Council of the Islamic Republic Party and in charge of the party's finances.

Ali Derakhshan

Ali Derakhshan may refer to: 


Hartland, Connecticut

Hartland is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Marlborough, Connecticut

Marlborough is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Plainville, Connecticut

Plainville is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Rocky Hill, Connecticut

Rocky Hill is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 20,845 at the 2020 census.

South Windsor, Connecticut

South Windsor is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Southington, Connecticut

Southington is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Windsor, Connecticut

Windsor is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Edgardo Labella

Edgardo "Edgar" Colina Labella (; May 22, 1951 – November 19, 2021) was a Filipino politician and lawyer. He was the mayor of Cebu City from 2019 until his death in 2021. He was the city's vice mayor from 2013 to 2019. He was a member of the city council from 1998 to 2001 and again from 2004 to 2013. Labella was born in Cebu City.

Labella died on November 19, 2021 in Cebu City from sepsis caused by pneumonia, aged 70.

María Elsa Viteri

María Elsa Viteri (25 February 1965 – 18 November 2021) was an Ecuadorian economist and politician. She was Minister of Finance from 2008 to 2010 and again in 2018. Viteri was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador. 

Viteri died on 18 November 2021 from pancreatic cancer in Guayaquil, aged 56.

Mick Rock

Michael David Rock (1948 – 18 November 2021) was a British photographer. He was born in London.

He was known for photographing rock music acts. He photographed Queen, David Bowie, T. Rex, Syd Barrett, Lou Reed, Iggy Pop and The Stooges, The Sex Pistols, The Ramones, Joan Jett, Talking Heads, Roxy Music, Thin Lizzy, Geordie, Mötley Crüe, and Blondie.

Rock died on 18 November 2021 in New York City, aged 72.

Nottingham, New Hampshire

Nottingham is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,229 people lived there.


Roxy Music

Roxy Music were an English rock band formed in 1970 by Bryan Ferry and Graham Simpson. The other longtime members were Phil Manzanera (guitar), Andy Mackay (saxophone and oboe), and Paul Thompson (drums and percussion). 

Although the band took a break from group activities in 1976 and again in 1983, they reunited for a concert tour in 2001. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2019. Their best known song is "Jealous Guy" from 1981.

Antonio Leal Labrín

Antonio Leal Labrín (10 January 1950 – 17 November 2021) was a Chilean politician. He was a member of the Party for Democracy. He was in the Chamber of Deputies of Chile from 1998 to 2010. He was its President from 2006 to 2007. Leal Labrín was born in Santiago, Chile.

Leal Labrín died on 17 November 2021 in Santiago at the age of 71.

Kew East, Victoria

Kew East is a suburb of Melbourne, Australia located east of the city center. In 2016, 6,635 people lived there. It is a part of the City of Boroondara local government area.

Ted Horlick

Vice-Admiral Sir Edwin John Horlick KBE FREng FIMechE MIMarEST (28 September 1925 – 12 November 2021) was a British Navy Vice Admiral. He was Director General of British Ships from 1979 to 1983, and as Chief Naval Engineer Officer from 1981 to 1983. 

Horlick died on 12 November 2021, at the age of 96.

Suki Waterhouse

Alice Suki Waterhouse (born 5 January 1992) is an English model, actress and singer.

She works for Burberry and Redken. Waterhouse has also modelled for brands like Tommy Hilfiger (alongside her sister Immy), Swatch, Lucy in Disguise, H&M, Alice + Olivia, Coast, Max Studio, Sass & bide, Caterina Gatta and Pepe Jeans.

Nazanin Boniadi

Nazanin Boniadi (; , ; born 22 May 1980) is a British actress and activist. She played Leyla Mir in the medical drama "General Hospital" (2007–2009) and its spin-off "" (2007). She also played Nora in the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" (2011) and Fara Sherazi in the Showtime spy thriller series "Homeland" (2013–2014).

Jocelyn Benson

Jocelyn Benson (born October 22, 1977) is an American Democratic Party politician. She is the 43rd Secretary of State of Michigan since 2019.

Dana Nessel

Dana Michelle Nessel (born April 19, 1969) is an American lawyer and politician. She is the 54th Attorney General of Michigan since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Nessel is the second openly lesbian person elected attorney general of a state in the United States (after Maura Healey of Massachusetts) and the first openly LGBTQ+ person elected to statewide office in Michigan. She is also the first Jew to be elected Attorney General of Michigan.

Unit of time

A unit of time or midst unit is any particular time interval, used as a standard way of measuring or expressing duration. The base unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) and by extension most of the Western world, is the second, defined as about 9 billion oscillations of the caesium atom.

Note: The light-year is not a unit of time, but a unit of length of about 9.5 petametres (9 454 254 955 488 kilometers).

K.G.F: Chapter 2

K.G.F: Chapter 2 is a 2022 Indian Kannada-language action movie. The movie was written and directed by Prashanth Neel. It was produced by Hombale Films. The movie is the second part of the two-part series. It is the sequel to the 2018 movie "". The movie stars Yash, Sanjay Dutt, Srinidhi Shetty, Raveena Tandon and Prakash Raj.

Neel used the same crew as the first movie. The cinematographer was Bhuvan Gowda. Ravi Basrur wrote the score for the movie The movie had a budget of ₹100 crore ($13.1m). This makes it the most expensive Kannada-language movie as of March 2022. The movie theatrically released in Kannada on 14 April 2022 with dubbed versions of the movie in Telugu, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam languages.

In the blood-soaked Kolar Gold Fields (KGF), Rocky's name strikes fear into his foes. While his allies look up to him, the government sees him as a threat to law and order, and Rocky must battle threats from all sides.


The score for the movie was composed by Ravi Basrur.

As a part of the promotional activities, a fictional newspaper named "KGF Times" was designed based on vintage newspapers. Starting from 4 to 10 January 2021, the makers unveiled the new editions of the movie through their social media accounts.

The teaser trailer was initially scheduled to release on 8 January 2021, coinciding with Yash's birthday. However, after few cuts from the teaser leaked through the internet, the makers unveiled the teaser on 7 January, ahead of the official launch. Instead of releasing the teaser in five languages, the makers released it as a single teaser featuring English dialogues. It became the most viewed and most liked teaser.

"K.G.F: Chapter 2" was originally scheduled to release in theatres on 23 October 2020, coinciding with Dusshera festival. However, the release was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. In January 2021, the filmmakers announced that it would be released theatrically on 16 July 2021. However, it was postponed again for the same reason. In August 2021, the new release date was announced as 14 April 2022. It released in Kannada and dubbed versions of Telugu, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam languages.

KRG Studios, a sister company of the movie's studio Hombale Films, bought the distribution rights of the Kannada version while the Hindi version would be distributed by Rithesh Sidhwani, Farhan Akhtar and Anil Thadani under their banners Excel Entertainment and AA Films who had also bought the predecessor of the movie. The rights for the Telugu dubbed version were sold to Dil Raju's Sri Venkateswara Creations. whereas Prithviraj Sukumaran acquired the rights for the Malayalam dubbed version under his Prithviraj Productions banner. The rights for the Tamil dubbed version were acquired by Dream Warrior Pictures.

Satellite rights of the movie were acquired by ZEE Network for the four languages in South India. Their four channels - Zee Kannada for the Kannada version of the movie Zee Tamil for the Tamil version, Zee Telugu for the Telugu version and Zee Keralam for the Malayalam version - bagged the worldwide satellite rights of the movie.

The Karnataka State Anti-Tobacco Cell sent a notice to actor Yash, producer Vijay Kiragandur and filmmaker Prashanth Neel on 11 January 2021 as the makers failed to display the anti-smoking warning message, particularly in the sequences that involve Yash smoking. As per the law, anti-smoking warnings have to be displayed to stop fans from emulating it.

Strafford, New Hampshire

Strafford is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,230 people lived there.


German art

German art has a tradition of the visual arts. Examples have been found from as early as the Venus of Hohle Fels; Research shows that it is from between 40,000 and 35,000 years ago,

The archeological finds of Bronze Age gold hats, have Germany in its center; The same goes for the "central" form of Urnfield culture, and Hallstatt culture.

German art from the Middle Ages begins with the Frankish Empire of Charlemagne (d. 814), the first state to rule the majority of the modern territory of Germany, as well as France and much of Italy. Of Carolingian art, there were a small number of objects. The most common type of object to survive is the illuminated manuscript; Wall paintings were common but, like the buildings that they were in, they have nearly all disappeared.

Printmaking by woodcut and engraving was already more developed in Germany and the Low Countries than anywhere else, and the Germans took the lead in developing book illustrations. The woodblocks were often (on loan, or) lent to printers of editions in other cities or languages. The greatest artist of the German Renaissance, Albrecht Dürer, began his career as an apprentice to a leading workshop in Nuremberg, that of Michael Wolgemut, who had largely gone away from painting so that he instead could work with [and profit] from the new medium. Dürer worked on the book, the Nuremberg Chronicle, published by his godfather Anton Koberger, Europe's largest printer-publisher at the time.

The making of the "Isenheim Altarpiece", ended in 1515; It was made by Matthias Grünewald; It is widely looked at as the greatest German Renaissance painting. The piece has Renaissance principles of composition; the work is in the Gothic form of a multi-winged triptych.

The art movement, the Danube school of painting started with a [group of, or a] circle of artists during the first third of the 16th century in Bavaria and Austria, including Albrecht Altdorfer, Wolf Huber and Augustin Hirschvogel. With Altdorfer at the front, the movement made the first examples of independent landscape art in the West (nearly 1,000 years after China), in both paintings and prints. Their religious paintings had an expressionist style somewhat similar to Grünewald's. Dürer's pupils Hans Burgkmair and Hans Baldung Grien worked largely in prints, and Baldung kept working on the subject of witches, in a number of prints.
In Catholic parts of South Germany the Gothic tradition of wood carving continued to [its popularity, and to] flourish until the end of the 18th century. Veit Stoss (d. 1533), Tilman Riemenschneider (d.1531) and Peter Vischer the Elder (d. 1529) were Dürer's contemporaries, and their long careers covered the transition between the Gothic and Renaissance periods; Their ornament often stayed Gothic even after their compositions began to reflect Renaissance principles.

Two and a half centuries later, Johann Joseph Christian and Ignaz Günther were leading masters in the late Baroque period, both dying in the late 1770s, almost a decade before the French Revolution. Famous work on German Baroque interiors came from the Wessobrunner School, a later term for the stuccoists of the late 17th and 18th centuries. Another result of German skill in working on sculptures, was in porcelain; The most famous modeller is Johann Joachim Kaendler of the Meissen factory in Dresden, but the best work of Franz Anton Bustelli for the Nymphenburg Porcelain Manufactory in Munich is often considered the greatest achievement of 18th-century porcelain.

Baroque painting was slow to arrive in Germany, with very little before about 1650. The period remains little-known outside Germany, and though it "never made any claim to be among the great schools of painting", its neglect by non-German art history remains striking. Many foreign painters spent time working in Germany for princes, among them Bernardo Bellotto in Dresden, and Gianbattista Tiepolo, who spent three years painting the Würzburg Residence with his son. Many German painters worked abroad, including Johann Liss who worked mainly in Venice, Joachim von Sandrart and Ludolf Bakhuisen, the leading marine artist of the final years of Dutch Golden Age painting. In the late 18th century the portraitist Heinrich Füger and his pupil Johann Peter Krafft, whose best known works are three large murals in the Hofburg, had both moved to Vienna as students and stayed there.

Early artists of Neoclassicism in Germany were Anton Raphael Mengs (d. 1779), the Danish painter Asmus Jacob Carstens (d. 1798), and the sculptor Gottfried Schadow (d. 1850). Mengs was one of the most highly regarded artists of his day, working in Rome, Madrid and elsewhere, and finding an early Neo-Classical style. Carstens' shorter career was turbulent and troubled, leaving a trail of unfinished works, but through pupils and friends such as Gottlieb Schick, Joseph Anton Koch and Bonaventura Genelli, more influential. Koch was born in the mountains of the Austrian Tyrol and became the leading Continental painter of landscapes, concentrating on mountain views, despite spending much of his career in Rome.

From the German Romanticism, Caspar David Friedrich is well-known outside Germany. Other noted artists are Philipp Otto Runge, who like Friedrich had trained at the Copenhagen Academy and was forgotten after his death until a revival in the 20th century. Friedrich painted almost entirely landscapes, with a distinctive Northern feel, and always a feeling of quasi-religious stillness. Often his figures are seen from behind – they like the viewer are lost in contemplation of the landscape. Runge's portraits, mostly of his own circle, are naturalistic except for his huge-faced children, but the other works in his brief career increasingly reflected a visionary pantheism. Adrian Ludwig Richter is mainly remembered for his portraits, and Carl Wilhelm Kolbe was an etcher, whose later prints show figures almost swallowed up by gigantic vegetation.

The Nazarene movement started with a group of early 19th-century German Romantic painters who had a goal to revive honesty and spirituality in Christian art. The principal motivation of the Nazarenes was a reaction against Neoclassicism and the routine art education of the academy system. They rejected what they saw as the superficial virtuosity of later art. Their programme (had similarities with, or) was not dissimilar to that of the English Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood in the 1850s, although the core group took it as far as wearing pseudo-medieval clothing. In 1810 Johann Friedrich Overbeck, Franz Pforr, Ludwig Vogel and the Swiss Johann Konrad Hottinger moved to Rome, where they occupied the abandoned monastery of San Isidoro. They were joined by Philipp Veit, Peter von Cornelius, Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld, Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow and a loose grouping of other German artists. They met up with the Austrian romantic landscape artist Joseph Anton Koch, (d. 1839) who became an unofficial tutor to the group. In 1827 they were joined by Joseph von Führich, and Eberhard Wächter was later associated with the group. Unlike the strong support given to the Pre-Raphaelites by the dominant art critic of the day, John Ruskin, Goethe was dismissive of (or did not agree with,) the Nazarenes: "This is the first case in the history of art when real talents have taken the fancy to form themselves backwards by retreating into their mother's womb, and thus found a new epoch in art."

The art movement, Düsseldorf school of painting, was a group of artists who painted mostly landscapes, and who studied at, or were influenced by the Düsseldorf Academy. The academy's influence grew in the 1830s and 1840s, while the painter Wilhelm von Schadow was chief; It had many American students, several of whom got connected with the Hudson River School.

Biedermeier is a style in literature, music, the visual arts and interior design. It started in the time period between the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 and the revolutions of 1848. Biedermeier art was interesting for the rich middle classes; This realism in art, often [held high, or] celebrated domestic virtues, and came to dominate over French-leaning tastes of the aristocracy, as well as the yearnings of Romanticism. Carl Spitzweg was a leading German artist in the style.

Adolph Menzel followed the development of early Impressionism to create a style that he used for depicting grand public occasions, among other subjects like his "Studio Wall". Karl von Piloty was a leading academic painter of history subjects who did teaching at in Munich; Among his more famous pupils were Hans Makart, Franz von Lenbach, Franz Defregger, Gabriel von Max and Eduard von Grützner. "Munich school" is used about both of German and of Greek painting, after Greeks like Georgios Jakobides studied under him. . Piloty's most influential pupil was Wilhelm Leibl. Being the head of the so called Leibl-Circle, an informal group of artists with a non-academic approach to art, he did important work on Realism in Germany.

The Berlin Secession was a group started in 1898 by painters including Max Liebermann, who got much inspiration from the art of Manet and the French Impressionists, and Lovis Corinth then still painting in a naturalistic style. The group existed until the 1930s. Its regular exhibitions [was important for, or] helped launch the next two generations of Berlin artists. Near the end of the century, the Benedictine Beuron Art School was known for religious murals, in rather muted colours, with inspiration from Les Nabis. In some ways that art looked forward to Art Nouveau or the Jugendstil ("Youth Style") as it is known in German. Franz Stuck and Max Klinger are the leading German Symbolist painters.

["The working-council for art", or] Arbeitsrat für Kunst and November Group, both formed in 1918. In 1922 The November Group, the Dresden Secession, Das Junge Rheinland, and several other progressive groups formed a "Cartel of advanced artistic groups in Germany" (Kartell fortschrittlicher Künstlergruppen in Deutschland).

Die Brücke ("The Bridge") was a group of painters that were important to expressionism in Germany. The group was started in Dresden in 1905 by architecture students who wanted to be painters: Fritz Bleyl (d. 1966), Erich Heckel (d. 1970), Ernst Ludwig Kirchner (d. 1938) and Karl Schmidt-Rottluff (d. 1976), with Max Pechstein and others later joining. Emil Nolde (d. 1956) was for a short time a member of Die Brücke, but was not in agreement with the younger members of the group. Die Brücke moved to Berlin in 1911, and the group ended in 1913. The group was known for use of woodcut in art.

Der Blaue Reiter ("The Blue Rider") was started in Munich, Germany in 1911. Wassily Kandinsky, Franz Marc, August Macke, Alexej von Jawlensky, Marianne von Werefkin and others started the group (because, or) in response to the rejection of Kandinsky's painting Last Judgment from an exhibition by Neue Künstlervereinigung. (Kandinsky had been a member of that group.) The name Der Blaue Reiter came from Marc's enthusiasm for horses, and from Kandinsky's love of the colour blue. For Kandinsky, blue is the colour of spirituality; The darker the blue, the more it awakens human desire for the eternal (see his 1911 book On the Spiritual in Art). Kandinsky had also titled a painting Der Blaue Reiter in 1903. The intense sculpture and printmaking of Käthe Kollwitz was strongly influenced by Expressionism, which also formed the starting point for the young artists who went on to join other tendencies within the movements of the early 20th century.

"Die Brücke" and "Der Blaue Reiter" and the Bauhaus had Utopian leanings, and they were trying to combine fine and applied arts (Gesamtkunstwerk) with a view towards creating a better society.

From the early 20th century until 1933, there was a boom (or a big increase) in the production of works of German art of a grotesque style. Artists using the Satirical-Grotesque genre included George Grosz, Otto Dix and Max Beckmann, at least in their works of the 1920s. The leading artists of Dada in Germany, were Kurt Schwitters and Hannah Höch. They were known for their use of collage for political commentary. Schwitters later developed his "Merzbau", a forerunner of installation art. Dix and Grosz were also associated with the Berlin Dada group. Max Ernst led a Dada group in Cologne, where he also worked on collages, but with a great interest in Gothic fantasy. He made a transition into surrealism, and he became the leading German artist of surrealism. The Swiss-born Paul Klee, Lyonel Feininger and others experimented with cubism.

The New Objectivity (German: Neue Sachlichkeit), was an art movement which started in Germany during the 1920s; It was in opposition (or against) expressionism. Grosz and Dix were at the front of the movement. They were on the "Verist" side of the movement together with Beckmann and Christian Schad, Rudolf Schlichter, Georg Scholz (in his early work), Elfriede Lohse-Wächtler, and Karl Hubbuch. The other tendency is sometimes called Magic Realism, and included Anton Räderscheidt, Georg Schrimpf, Alexander Kanoldt, and Carl Grossberg. The movement was never a formal group.

Plakatstil, "poster style" in German, was an early style (or kind) of poster design that began in the early 20th century; It had bold, straight fonts with very simple designs, in contrast to Art Nouveau posters. Lucian Bernhard was one of its important people.

The Nazi regime banned modern art; It was seen as degenerate art (ferman: entartete Kunst). Nazi ideology said that modern art had gone away from the norm of classical beauty. The 1920s to 1940s are considered the heyday of modern art movements. The government looked at avant-garde artists as enemies of the state and a threat to the German nation. Many artists went into exile (or settled in other countries); Few came back after World War II. Dix and Pechstein stayed. Nold stayed and made his "unpainted pictures" in secret after being forbidden (or having a prohibition) to paint. Beckmann, Ernst, Grosz, Feininger and others went to America. Klee went to Switzerland, where he died. Kirchner took his own life.

In July, 1937, the Nazis showed the exhibition "Entartete Kunst" (Degenerate art), in Munich; After that showing, the exhibition was moved to eleven other cities in Germany and Austria. 

The trends in Germany, of art after World War II can be divided into Socialist realism in the DDR (communist East Germany), and in West Germany a variety of movements including Neo-expressionism and Conceptualism.
Famous artists of socialist realism include Walter Womacka, Willi Sitte, Werner Tübke and Bernhard Heisig.

Famous neo-expressionists include or included Georg Baselitz, Anselm Kiefer, Jörg Immendorff, A. R. Penck, Markus Lüpertz, Peter Robert Keil and Rainer Fetting. Other famous artists include Martin Kippenberger, Gerhard Richter, Sigmar Polke, and Neo Rauch.

Famous German conceptual artists include Bernd and Hilla Becher, Hanne Darboven, Hans-Peter Feldmann, Hans Haacke, and Charlotte Posenenske.

The Performance artist, sculptor, and theorist Joseph Beuys was maybe the most influential German artist of the late 20th century.

The exhibition "documenta" was held as late as 2022; The next exhibition is scheduled five years after that. Art Cologne and Transmediale are held every year.



My Life as a Teenage Robot

My Life as a Teenage Robot, also referred to as simply Teenage Robot or MLaaTR, is a 2002 American animated comedy television series. It was created by Rob Renzetti for Nickelodeon. It was produced by Frederator Studios in association with Nickelodeon Animation Studios.


Set in the fictional town of Tremorton, "My Life as a Teenage Robot" (2002 - 2006) follows the adventures of a teenage robot girl named Jenny Wakeman (a.k.a. XJ-9), who was created by her mother Dr. Nora Wakeman and designed to protect Earth, while also striving to live the life of a normal teenage girl.

The show focuses on making lighthearted fun of typical teenage problems and other conventions of the teenage and superhero lives, with a blend of action and comedy sequences.

Despite critical success, "My Life as a Teenage Robot" was a ratings disappointment. 

Season 3 aired in the United States as "never before seen episodes" on Nicktoons Network between 2008 and 2009, three years after their initial production and premiering in other countries. The series is distributed outside in some countries by the Canadian animation studio, Nelvana Limited.

The entire series is available on iTunes, Amazon DVD, and Paramount+.

"My Life as a Teenage Robot" received mostly positive reviews from critics, being nominated for numerous awards, most prominently one Primetime Emmy Award and eleven Annie Awards.

List of My Life as a Teenage Robot episodes

The pilot, "My Neighbor Was A Teenage Robot", was produced in 1998 for "Oh Yeah! Cartoons" and premiered on Nickelodeon in the United States on December 4, 1999.

After the success of the "Oh Yeah Cartoons!" pilot short, "My Neighbor Was A Teenage Robot" (produced in 1998 and aired on Nickelodeon in 1999), Nickelodeon announced a full half-hour series in early 2002.

Creator Rob Renzetti joined Frederator Studios to produce the series. 

The series entered pre-production in 2001, and production of the first season officially commenced in March of 2002, and wrapped in late November 2002 with the completion of "The Wonderful World of Wizzly" and "Call Hating." 

"Unlicensed Flying Object" was the first script written for the series in March of 2002. Despite "It Came From Next Door" chronologically being the first episode, it is basically a remake of the pilot and the decision to write it into an episode was made after the scripts for "Unlicensed Flying Object", "Raggedy Android", and "The Boy Who Cried Robot" were written, thus making "It Came From Next Door" the fourth script written for the series. 

Writing of the season was completed in August 2002 with the final draft of "Saved by the Shell."

After passing the storyboard and animatic phase, episodes were shipped overseas to the Seoul-based "Rough Draft Korea" animation studio, where color and animation were added to the episodes. This phase of the first season's production lasted until November 2002, and post-production wrapped later that month.

Rob Renzetti thought of many different styles for the series before finally settling with the Art Deco and anime-inspired aesthetics that the show is known for. 

The episode "Raggedy Android" was the first episode storyboarded, and was handled mostly by Renzetti himself. This can be seen in the episode as the fairgoers are drawn in a variety of different art styles that were exclusive to that particular episode. After "Raggedy Android", the series' style was finalized as Renzetti and co. found their footing.

The high ratings of season 1 led Nickelodeon to renew the series for a second season in late 2003, and the season entered production in early 2004.

Jenny was given a slight redesign for the second season, which was used for the remainder of the series. Her eyes have become more rounded and she is now slightly taller.

Production of season 2 continued through the rest of 2004 and into early 2005. With the completion of "Escape From Cluster Prime", production wrapped in March 2005.

Near the end of the season's production cycle, a third season was ordered, which entered production as season 2 was wrapping up.
Although this final season was produced between 2005 and 2006, it never aired in its home country, the United States, until October 2008 to May 2009. This is probably due to the fact that the series was cancelled in 2005, shortly after the end of the second season.

However, the entire season aired in foreign countries such as the United Kingdom, Japan and Germany between 2005 and 2007, before reaching the United States.

Pre-production of season 3 commenced at the beginning of 2005, with the first episode written being "There's No Place Like Homeschool."

The first half of the season ("Weapons of Mass Distraction" through "Good Old Sheldon") was produced in 2005, while the second half ("Infectious Personality" through "Turncoats") was produced in 2006.

With the completion of the episodes "Samurai Vac" and "Turncoats" on April 14, 2006, the series officially ceased production following its 2005 cancellation.

Unlike most other Nicktoons, My Life as a Teenage Robot actually premiered internationally.

The series premiered in Australia with the first episodes, "It Came From Next Door" and "Pest Control", on October 18, 2002, the United Kingdom on November 3, 2002, and Mexico on February 7, 2003, before finally debuting in the United States on August 1.

By the time the series had its American premiere, the first season had already finished airing in the United Kingdom, and 11 of the season's 13 half-hour episodes had aired in Australia, as well as 10 in Mexico.

Most of the first season aired in the United States in late 2003, with the last few episodes being delayed to early 2004, ending on February 27 with "The Wonderful World of Wizzly" and "Call Hating", a full year after their worldwide premiere in the United Kingdom. By this time, season 2 was already in production.

Each individual episode debuted in the United States more than a full year (August 2003 to February 2004) after it was ready to air (July 2002 to November 2002).

This would become all too common later in the series' run, and starting in season 2, coupled with the additional issue of episodes premiering in America out of their intended order. This came to a head in season 3, which didn't air in the United States for three years (2008 - 2009) after initial production and their worldwide premieres.

It is unknown why the American premiere was delayed to August 2003 when the entire first season was ready to air in 2002, though it could be that Nickelodeon felt that the show was too edgy to air in 2002, so soon after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in New York City.

The season was meant to premiere in the United States on October 1, 2004 with "Victim of Fashion", airing in its intended order. However, decisions by the network caused the premiere to be delayed to December with "A Robot For All Seasons" and the episodes to air out of order.

Like the first season, season 2 premiered in Australia first, with "Victim of Fashion" on September 17, 2004. The same episode also first aired in Canada on October 4, beginning the season's run in that country ahead of the United States as well. The season also premiered in the United Kingdom ahead of the United States, on October 31.

By the time season 2 premiered in the United States on December 8, 2004, half of the season had already aired in Australia and the United Kingdom.

After airing "A Robot For All Seasons" in December, five more half-hour episodes were burned out in the United States the week of January 24-28, 2005. After that, one more episode pairing aired in March, and another in June, before the season finale "Escape from Cluster Prime" on August 12.

Despite this, several more episodes produced before "Escape From Cluster Prime" were delayed until September in the United States, including "Victim of Fashion", the first episode produced for the season.

This causes several continuity errors when viewed in American airing order, for example the episode "Designing Women", which was produced well before "Escape From Cluster Prime", but aired in the United States after the fact.

By the time the second season finished its run in the United States on September 9, production of the third season was already well underway.

Perhaps the most infamous and well-known delay of "My Life as a Teenage Robot" is that the third and final season aired in the United States three years after it was produced (from 2008 to 2009), as well as airing in a large number of countries before its own.

Episodes were leaked in the United States throughout 2006 and 2007 thanks to said international premieres, often being ripped on websites like The Pirate Bay.

The season had its world premiere in the United Kingdom on November 6, 2005, followed by Australia and Canada in December 2005, Japan in January 2006, Mexico in April 2006, and Germany in September 2006.

The season, and thus the series, ended its run in Australia on June 16, 2006 with the final episodes "Samurai Vac" and "Turncoats", in Australia the following month, Germany in October 2006, Mexico in November, followed by Japan and Canada in 2007.

The season first aired in the United States on October 4, 2008 with the episodes "Weapons of Mass Distraction" and "There's No Place Like Home School", and finished airing on May 2, 2009 with "Samurai Vac" and "Turncoats", thus officially ending the series' run in its home country. This final episode pairing didn't air on Nickelodeon, instead airing on its sister network, Nicktoons. The season aired in the United States three years after it was produced and aired in other countries.

"My Life as a Teenage Robot" received a generally positive reception from critics and the general public. As of June 2018, it holds a 7.0/10 rating on the Internet Movie Database and an 8.2/10 rating on TV.com.

The font used for the title card, and for the end credits is ITC Anna. However, the letters A, B, E, H, K and R were modified.

On December 12, 2011, all three seasons of My Life as a Teenage Robot were released on DVD at Amazon CreateSpace, and later eBay.

Escape from Cluster Prime is absent from the season 2 DVD, however it is on the season 3 DVD.

On February 5, 2012, Magna Home Entertainment released all three seasons of My Life as a Teenage Robot as a single DVD set in Australia.

Until 2021, the full series was available for streaming on Hulu. Since 2021, it has been available on Paramount+.

Reginald Johnston

Reginald Fleming Johnston ( Edinburgh, 13 October, 1874 - "ibid.", 6 March, 1938) was a British academic and diplomat, he was too the tutor and an advisor of the last emperor of China, Puyi . He was also the colonial governor of Weihaiwei .

He was born in the Scottish city of Edinburgh in 1874, he had higher studies at the University of Edinburgh and later at the Magdalen College, Oxford . In 1898 he entered to the colonial service and started to work for the British administration in Hong Kong . At this time he learned Chinese. After being stationed for a time in Hong Kong, in 1906 Johnston was transferred as a district officer to the British concession of Weihaiwei, a territory placed on the Shandong peninsula . In Weihaiwei he was under the command of Commissioner James Stewart Lockhart, who became into a close friend to Johnston. His work was very well received by the local people. 

In October 1918, he was offered to be the guardian of the young Puyi, the overthroned Chinese emperor who still continued living in the Forbidden City of Beijing as a non-sovereign monarch. Johnston accepted the offer and at the end of 1918 he moved to the Chinese capital, becoming the new imperial guardian. During the following years he had a great influence on Puyi, to whom he showed the western culture - something significant, considering the reactionary and ultra-conservative atmosphere of the imperial Court. At the request of the emperor about possible Western names for himself and some of his companions, it was Johnston himself who recommended a Western name - Henry. At this time, Johnston and Isabel Ingram - a daughter of an American missionary and the guardian of Empress Wan Rong - were the only foreigners allowed to be inside the court of the Qing dynasty in its entire history. Another of Puyi's tutors was the Chinese career official Zheng Xiaoxu, who was a lot of esteemed by Johnston. There was mutual respect between the this two people, and Zheng even recommended to Puyi that Johnston be imperial commissioner for the Summer Palace . By initiative of Jhonston, the Summer Palace was visited for the first time by Puyi and became an occasional residence that made it possible to break the cloister of the Forbidden City. But, this all ended in 1924, when Puyi and his family were expelled from the Forbidden City.

Johnston went back to the colonial service. In 1927 he was designated the commissioner of the concession of Weihaiwei, a position that he had until the 1930s. On that date the territory was returned to China. He moved to the United Kingdom, and in 1931 he was designated Professor of Chinese at the School of Oriental Studies at the University of London . Despite his extensive experience about China, he did not adapt well to the university environment. He retired in 1937. The ex-tutor continued maintaining contact with Puyi, even when he was established by the Japanese as emperor of the puppet state of Manchukuo . Johnston bought the small Scottish island of Eilean Rìgh, where he set up his home with Chinese-style gardens and even hoisted a Manchukuo flag . He died in 1938, without having gotten married.

For his own decision, almost all of his letters and texts were burned after his death. 



Birney

Birney is an American-Canadian television series for toddlers. It aimed for kids aged 1-5 years old. Sentimental for only "Barney & Friends", "Birney"'s elemental thinker does.

First published by: June 4, 1993
Final published by: October 1999
Time: 30 minutes
Network: NBS
Seasons: 7
Production company: Birney Ltd.

Laugna

Laugna () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

Lauingen

Lauingen () is a town in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left bank of the Danube, 5 km west of Dillingen, and 37 km northeast of Ulm.

Lauingen is twinned with:



Lutzingen

Lutzingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Medlingen

Medlingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau.

Mödingen

Mödingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality includes the villages Bergheim and Mödingen.

Schwenningen, Bavaria

Schwenningen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Syrgenstein

Syrgenstein () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Villenbach

Villenbach () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

Wertingen

Wertingen (; ) is a town in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria, Germany. It is along the river Zusam in 13 km east of Dillingen, and 28 km northwest of Augsburg. The city is the seat of the municipal association Wertingen.


Wittislingen

Wittislingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Ziertheim

Ziertheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Zöschingen

Zöschingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Since 2014 Tobias Steinwinter ("Gemeinschaftsliste") is the mayor. The predecessor was Norbert Schön.

Zusamaltheim

Zusamaltheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

The mayor is Stephan Lutz, elected in March 2020.


Star Wars: The Bad Batch

Star Wars: The Bad Batch is an animated series that takes place in the "Star Wars" universe. Its first season was released in 2021, and a second season is set to premiere in 2022. 

The first season was released May-August 2021 on Disney+. Michelle Ang, a voice actor in the series, confirmed that production for the second season had started by September. The second season is set to premiere in 2022 exclusively on Disney+, while a third season is yet to be confirmed by Disney.


Lithium-4

Lithium-4 contains three protons and one neutron. It is the shortest-lived known isotope of Lithium, with a half-life of 91±9 yoctoseconds ((9.1±0.9)×10 s) and decays by proton emission to Helium-3. Lithium-4 can be formed as an intermediate in some nuclear fusion reactions.

Dingolfing

Dingolfing is a town in southern Bavaria, Germany. It is the seat of the Landkreis (district) Dingolfing-Landau.



Eichendorf

Eichendorf "()" is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Frontenhausen

Frontenhausen is a municipality in Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Gottfrieding

Gottfrieding is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Landau an der Isar

Landau an der Isar is the second-largest town in the Lower Bavarian district, or "Landkreis", of Dingolfing-Landau, in the state of Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Isar, 120 km downstream from Munich. In 2020, its population was around 14,000.


Loiching

Loiching is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Mamming

Mamming is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Marklkofen

Marklkofen is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

György Schöpflin

György Schöpflin (also known as George Schöpflin) (24 November 1939 – 19 November 2021) was a Hungarian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Hungary between 2004 until 2019. He was a member of Fidesz, part of the European People's Party. Schöpflin was born Budapest, Hungary.

Schöpflin died in Budapest on 19 November 2021, five days before his 82nd birthday.

Marie Lovise Widnes

Marie Lovise Widnes (1 November 1930 – 19 November 2021) was a Norwegian poet, author, singer, composer, and politician. She was born in Vanylven, Norway. She was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Møre og Romsdal in 1989, but was not re-elected in 1993. She was a member of the Labour Party.

Widnes died on 19 November 2021, aged 91.

William Evan Sanders

William Evan Sanders (December 25, 1919 – November 18, 2021) was an American Episcopalian prelate. He was the eighth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee from 1977 to 1985, and first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee from 1985 to 1992. He was born in Natchez, Mississippi.

Sanders died on November 18, 2021 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 101.

Mengkofen

Mengkofen is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Aiterach River valley.

The municipality includes 10 former municipalities ("Gemarkungen"), and other villages:

Moosthenning

Moosthenning () is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Elisabeth Eichholz

Elisabeth Eichholz, (born Elisabeth Kleinhans, 12 November 1939 in Wolmirstedt) is a German professional road bicycle racer, who competed for the East Germany.

Elisabeth Kleinhans grew up in Loitsche. She began cycling in the autumn of 1958. She entered her first races in Magdeburg. In 1959 she won the Women's Rund um Berlin ahead of her long-time competitor Elfriede Fey.

In the run-up to the 1960 World Cycling Championships, she was sent to SC Leipzig with other top riders to compete at the World Championships. At the World Championships she won the bronze medal. In 1961, she finished in seventh place at the World Championships. She could not participate in a world championship again until 1965, because of visas. In 1961, she had become East German champion in the road race for the first time, in 1962 and 1963 she won the title in pursuit and in 1964 in the time trial on the track.

In 1963, she married the Leipzig cyclist Dieter Eichholz. In 1966 she ended her career because her son was born. She began a distance learning course to become an "educator with teaching qualification", and then worked as a trainer in a Leipzig clothing factory. She then worked as a teacher for sports and school garden in Schönebeck until 1998.

Niederviehbach

Niederviehbach is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Isar River.

Kim Suominen

Kim Suominen (20 October 1969 – 18 November 2021) was a Finnish footballer. He played as a midfielder. Suominen was born in Turku, Finland. Between 1993 until 1996, Suominen played for the national team almost forty times. He played for Turun Palloseura between 1987 until 1991 and again in 2000.

Suominen died on 18 November 2021 in Turku, aged 52.

Pilsting

Pilsting is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Reisbach (Vils)

Reisbach is a market town in Bavaria. It is on the Vils River, and belongs to the administrative region of Lower Bavaria.
The neighbouring communities, listed clockwise, are Mamming, Landau an der Isar, Simbach (bei Landau), Falkenberg (Niederbayern), Rimbach (Niederbayern), Gangkofen, Marklkofen and Gottfrieding.


Lena Charlotte Reißner

Lena Charlotte Reißner (born 14 November 2000) is a German professional road and track cyclist.

In 2018, Lena Charlotte Reißner became German junior champion in the team pursuit. She won the bronze medal at the European Junior Track Championships, with Ricarda Bauernfeind, Friederike Stern and Finja Smekal. She also won bronze in 2019, at the U23 European Track Championships in the team pursuit with Franziska Brauße, Michaela Ebert, and Laura Süßemilch. At the 2019 World Cup, she finished fourth, with Katharina Hechler, Laura Süßemilch and Lea Lin Teutenberg.

In 2020, Reißner was nominated for the World Track Championships in Berlin. At the U23 European Championships she won silver in the team pursuit with Franziska Brauße, Finja Smekal and Lea Lin Teutenberg.

In 2021, she competed at the Tour Feminin.

She competes with Team Rupelcleaning.

Simbach, Dingolfing-Landau

Simbach is a market town and municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau, Bavaria, Germany. As of 2020, it had a population of about 4,000 and an area of 51.23 km².


Gangkofen

Gangkofen is a municipality in the county ("Landkreis") of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

The market town (Markt) Gangkofen is in the valley of the river Bina along the federal highway B 388 about 17 km (11 mi) west of Eggenfelden, 26 km (16 mi) south of Dingolfing, 40 km (25 mi) southeast of Landshut, 25 km (16 mi) north of Mühldorf and 32 km (20 mi) west of the county (district) seat, Pfarrkirchen.

Gangkofen is the westernmost municipality of the rural county or district ("Landkreis") named Rottal-Inn, and borders the county of Dingolfing-Landau in the north, the county of Mühldorf in the south and the county of Landshut in the west. Gangkofen is considered part of the historic and geographic Rottal region, because the market town was part of the former county of Eggenfelden (in the Rott valley) and has stronger economic and cultural ties to the east, than in other directions. The western portions of the political municipality - the former rural towns of Dirnaich and Hölsbrunn- historically belonged to the county of Vilsbiburg (now part of the county of Landshut), thus the residents of those parts tend to look to be placed in that direction (the west) even today.

The political municipality makes up the market town itself and the following villages: Angerbach, Dirnaich, Engersdorf, Hölsbrunn, Kollbach, Malling, Obertrennbach, Panzing, Radlkofen, Reicheneibach und Seemannshausen.

Rimbach, Lower Bavaria

Rimbach is a municipality in the district of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Falkenberg, Lower Bavaria

Falkenberg () is a municipality in the district of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. It includes the village of Diepoltskirchen.

Wallersdorf

Wallersdorf is a market town and municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany. 

Katrijn De Clercq

Katrijn De Clercq (born 5 February 2002) is a Belgian track and road cyclist. 

As a first-year junior, at the Belgian track cycling championships, she won 5 junior titles (omnium, keirin, sprint, 500 metres and madison). At the Belgian road championships, she won 2 silver (pursuit and points race) and a bronze medal (scratch). 

As a second-year junior she won 3 titles (omnium, scratch and points race) and 3 silver medals (sprint, 500m and pursuit) in the Belgian junior track cycling championships, at the European Junior Bale Cycling Championships in Fiorenzuola d'Arda she won 2 titles (points race and Madison) and at the European Road Championships for juniors, she won bronze.

At the 2021 World Championships, she finished eighth in Madison with Shari Bossuyt.

In 2022 she won the bronze medal in Madison with Shari Bossuyt at the EC U23 

In 2023 she won three silver medals at the EC U23 in elimination, omnium and Madison (with Marith Vanhove) won 2 road races (GP Lucien Van Impe and stage victory in Watersley Womens' Challenge) and won the SKM Ladies Cycling Cup (5 races).

She rides with the Lotto Dstny Ladies team.

Anzing

Anzing is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.

Constituent communities include Anzing, Auhofen, Boden, Froschkern, Frotzhofen, Garkofen, Hl. Kreuz, Höggerloh, Kaisersberg, Köppelmühle, Lindach, Mauerstetten, Obelfing, Oberasbach, Ranharting, Ried, Staudach, Unterasbach and Ziegelstadel.


Obelfing

Obelfing is a district of the municipality of Anzing in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.

The village of Obelfing is about half a kilometre southeast of Anzing. The settlements border each other. South of Obelfing begins the Anzing Forest, part of the Ebersberg Forest.

Veronika Jaborníková

Veronika Jaborníková (born 2 February 2001) is a Czech track cyclist.

In 2017 Veronika Jaborníková started track cycling. In 2018 and 2019 she started at UCI Track Junior World Championships. In 2019, she finished fourth in the sprint. At the Czech junior national championships, she was champion in the team sprint, together with Veronika Bartoníková .

In July 2020, she became Czech champion in the sprint, in the Keirin, and with Sára Kaňkovská in the team sprint.

At the 2021 World Track Cycling Championships, she finished 13th in keirin. and 22nd in sprint.

Aßling

Aßling (spelled with the German ß) is a municipality in the district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is, along with the communities of Emmering and Frauenneuharting, a member of the administrative community () of the same name.

Aßling is within the Munich commuter area, about 40 km from that city. It has its own railway station on the Munich–Salzburg line. Grafing bei München is only 7 km away, Ebersberg is 11 km away, Wasserburg am Inn 23 km and Rosenheim 20 km. However, there is no connection to any main highway in the Aßling area.

Aßling also holds two rural areas (), Aßling and Loitersdorf.


Baiern

Baiern is a community in the district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Glonn.

The community's name is pronounced the same way as the German name for Bavaria ("Bayern"), although it is spelt differently. This is most likely originated from the old way of spelling Bavaria in German ("Baiern").

The constituent communities of Antholing, Berganger and Netterndorf are to be found within Baiern, as is the "Jugenddorf Piusheim" ("Youth Village of Piusheim").

Baiern is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Baiern.


Bruck, Upper Bavaria

Bruck is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. It is a member of the municipal association ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Glonn.

Bruck is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Bruck.

The constituent communities of Taglaching, Pienzenau, Alxing, Bauhof, Pullenhofen, Loch, Nebelberg, Schlipfhausen, Eichtling, Doblbach, Wildaching, Feichten, Hamburg, Einharting and Wildenholzen are to be found within Bruck.

Ebersberg

Ebersberg is the seat of the similarly named Ebersberg "Landkreis" (district) in the Oberbayern "Regierungsbezirk" (administrative region) in Bavaria, southern Germany. The "Ebersberger Forst" (forest) is one of Germany’s largest continuous area of woodlands.

Neighbouring communities are Grafing bei München, Kirchseeon and Steinhöring. Bavaria’s capital, Munich, is 32 km away and may be reached by Munich S-Bahn (S6). Rosenheim and Wasserburg am Inn are about the same distance away.


GO Transit

GO Transit is a train and bus service for the province of Ontario in Canada. It goes to areas and places like Waterloo, Toronto, Peel and Durham. The company that owns GO Transit is Metrolinx, and they merged in 2009.All the trains and buses go to a building in Toronto called Union Station.

Lakeshore East is the line that is right of the Union Station. Lakeshore East goes to the town Oshawa which is in Durham, and before the line is finished in Union, the station before is Danforth which is in the Toronto Region.

Lakeshore West is the line that is left of the Union Station. Lakeshore East goes to the town Aldershot which is in Burlington, which is a common express area where lots of other trains go to such as the train that goes across the entire country, VIA Rail. Via Rail goes to Union Station just like GO Trains except it goes to the different provinces and their cities. Before the line is finished in Union, the station before is called Exhibition which is in Toronto.
In the summer time and during good weather, GO expands the Lakeshore West line to the Niagara Falls city which is its own region. It's called an excursion route and it starts in Union Station, except this train skips some stations because it is an express train. It goes to the city of Port Credit which is in Peel and right after Port Credit is Oakville. It goes to Burlington which is in Burlington and St. Catharines which is in Niagara before stopping in Niagara Falls. 

The Milton line is almost entirely owned by CN (stated below) and very few stations are belonging to GO Transit. Before it finishes in Union Station, the station Kipling connects with the Toronto subway station Kipling. 

Kitchener serves the region of Waterloo and Peel; exiting Peel at Bramalea, and exiting Waterloo at St Mary's, where from there it stops service at London (see Windsor-London Excursion) in Middlesex County.

In 2021, GO Transit expanded the Kitchener Line for a pilot project to London with small stops at Stratford and St Mary's. 

Richmond Hill serves the city by itself and terminates at Bloomington GO. Previously it terminated at Gormley GO.

Barrie serves the York Region and Simcoe County and terminates at Allandale Waterfront. Previously it terminated at Bradford.

Stouffville serves the York Region similar to it's neighbour Barrie and terminates at Old Elm (formerly Lincolnville.) The Stouffville line connects with the subway line and the Lakeshore East line at Scarborough and Danforth GO.

GO Transit is currently beginning a project called RER, or Regional Express Rail. They will make part of the railway electric and add 24/7 service to some lines. GO Transit will not electrify parts of rail that Metrolinx doesn't own due to CN not granting permission yet, but in the future there may be electric service to parts CN owns. 

Canadian National is a freight rail company that operates on the same lines as GO Transit, VIA Rail, and it's competitor, CP Rail. Metrolinx only owns 80 percent of the rail it drives on and certain stations on the lines are used by CN. 

The Oakville Subdivision exists on the Lakeshore West line from Oakville to West Harbour making stops in Aldershot, Burlington, Appleby, Bronte, and Oakville GO.

UP Express is an express train company that operates on its separate GO Transit line and connects with GO Transit's Kitchener line. The UP Express goes toward the Pearson airport and makes stops at Weston and Bloor GO.

Rollinsford, New Hampshire

Rollinsford is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,597 people lived there.


Quo Vadis (2001 movie)

Quo Vadis is a 2001 Polish American drama movie directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz and was based on the 1896 novel of the same name by Henryk Sienkiewicz. It stars Franciszek Pieczka, Paweł Deląg, Magdalena Mielcarz, Bogusław Linda, Michał Bajor, Agnieszka Wagner.

Hank von Hell

Hans Erik Dyvik Husby (15 June 1972 – 19 November 2021), also known as Hank von Helvete and Hank von Hell, was a Norwegian musician and actor. He was known for being the lead vocalist of the punk rock band Turbonegro. An actor, he was known for playing Cornelis Vreeswijk in the biographical movie "Cornelis".

Von Hell died on 19 November 2021, aged 49.

Colonoscopy

Colonoscopy () or coloscopy () is the endoscopic test of the large bowel and parts the small bowel. Tests use a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the anus. It can provide a visual diagnosis and allow biopsy or removal of suspected colorectal cancer lesions.

Equinor

Equinor ASA (formerly Statoil and StatoilHydro) is a Norwegian state-owned multinational energy company headquartered in Stavanger. They are a petroleum company. They work in 36 countries.

In the 2020 Forbes Global 2000, Equinor was ranked as the 169th-largest public company in the world. The company has about 20,200 employees.

Peng Shuai

Peng Shuai (; born 8 January 1986) is a Chinese professional tennis player. She was ranked world No. 1 doubles by the WTA. She is the first Chinese tennis player to do so. 

Peng has won two singles and 22 doubles titles. She won a gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games. At the 2013 Wimbledon Championships, Peng won her first ladies' doubles championship. She was born in Xiangtan, Hunan.

In November 2021, Peng accused former senior Chinese vice premier Zhang Gaoli of sexually assaulting her. She later disappeared and was censored by Chinese government.

Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China

The vice premiers of the State Council of the People's Republic of China () are high-ranking officials under the premier and above the ministers. The current vice premiers, in order of rank, are Han Zheng, Sun Chunlan, Hu Chunhua and Liu He.

Sun Chunlan

Sun Chunlan (; born 24 May 1950) is a Chinese politician. She was a member of the Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party, and a Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China. Between 2014 and 2017, she served as head of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.

November 2021 lunar eclipse

A partial lunar eclipse took place on Friday, 19 November 2021. This was the longest partial lunar eclipse since 1440, and the longest until 2669; however, many eclipses, including the upcoming November 2022 lunar eclipse will have a longer period of umbral contact at next to 3 hours 40 minutes.

In northern and western Europe and the westernmost parts of Africa, the first phases of the eclipse was visible, as the moon set below the horizon on the morning of Friday, 19 November 2021. 

The Islands (2019 movie)

The Islands is a 2019 feature movie. It was produced by Timothy A. Chey. The movie is based on the life of Chiefess Kapi'olani of Hawai'i.

Kapi’olani was a young woman of Hawaiian royalty. In 1821, American missionaries taught her Christianity. Over time, she accepts it. The local religion had a tradition. The goddess Pe’le required a human sacrifice. One of the Americans, Hiram Bingham, offered himself in place of a local. Noting Bingham's faith and courage, Kapi’olani decided to prove her faith in her new religion. To do so, she defied local tradition. 
She walked to Pe’le's volcano at Kilauea. She said a Christian prayer. Then she walked down into the volcano's main vent. She did not die. She became a powerful leader. She converts her people to Christianity.

Kapi’olani was one of the first Hawaiians to learn to read and write. She was the first Hawaiian to build a church. 

Teuira Shanti Napa as Kapi’olani <br>
Mira Sorvino as Mary Thornton <br>
Ricky Sua’ava as Alika Kalawaia <br>
John Savage as Henry Thornton <br>
Michael Camp as Hiram Bingham <br>
Malia Marquez as Kanoa Palakiko<br>

Timothy A. Chey

Rover Rain

PG 13

The critical reception was mixed but mostly positive. David Jackson of Newswire wrote, "The Islands is a Landmark Piece in the World of Cinema," and called it "a true work of cinematic brilliance". And Umar Saeed wrote, "This story is perfect for all ages and ideal for group and family entertainment too." Marketwatch, on the other hand, found the plot not well carried out and the acting below par.

Hawaii Film Critics Society 2020
Nominated for Best Hawaii Film. Did not win.

Art LaFleur

Art LaFleur (September 9, 1943 – November 17, 2021) was an American actor. His career began in 1978. He was born in Gary, Indiana. LaFleur was known for his roles as Chick Gandil in "Field of Dreams" (1989), the Ghost of Babe Ruth in "The Sandlot" (1993) and as the Tooth Fairy in "The Santa Clause 2" and "The Santa Clause 3".

LaFleur died on November 17, 2021 under hospice care in Los Angeles, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 78.

Kevin Pollak

Kevin Elliot Pollak (born October 30, 1957) is an American actor, comedian and podcast host. He is known for his roles Sam Weinberg in Rob Reiner's legal movie "A Few Good Men", Jacob Goldman in "Grumpy Old Men" and its sequel "Grumpier Old Men"; Todd Hockney in "The Usual Suspects", Phillip Green in Martin Scorsese's "Casino", and Bobby Chicago in "End of Days".

Grumpy Old Men

Grumpy Old Men or grumpy old man may refer to:


Coefficient of restitution

The coefficient of restitution (COR, also denoted by e), is the ratio of the final to initial relative speed between two objects after they collide. It is also defined as the ratio velocity of separation to velocity of approach.

The value is almost always equal to 1or less than 1 due to initial translational kinetic energy being lost to rotational kinetic energy, plastic deformation, and heat. Mathematically

Coefficient of restitution (e)= Velocity of separation/Velocity of approach. Coefficient of restitution is always =1<1. Coefficient of restitution was postulated and developed by Sir Isaac Newton.

e is mostly a positive, real number between 0 and 1:

"e" = 0: This is known as perfectly "inelastic" collision. It implies that kinetic energy along the common normal is 0. Kinetic energy is converted to heat or work done in deforming the objects.

0 < "e" < 1: This is a "inelastic" collision, in which some kinetic energy is dissipated. It can also achieve both in practical and in mathematical calculation.

Sexual maturity

sexual maturity is the capability and genetic function of all organisms to reproduce and grow to their full stages of sexual reproduction, to produce offspring and populate their respective species. it all starts when an organism gets older and more hormonal signals are charged thus causing a whole lot of change in the physiology of the organism size, age and reproductive organs.

sexual maturity in mammals is when an adult or fully grown up animal has reach the full growth of their sex organs and when they get older and their bodies to produce more hormones, it first start off when a juvenile reaches signs of puberty having pubic hair, deep voice and the capability to breastfeed offspring through sucking of a females breast or mammary gland and the capability for males to ejaculate and have sexual intercourse . this goes with all mammals. some mammals either have the capability to reproduce and be infertile, all the information about sexual maturity and fertilization all rely on DNA, genetics and mutation.

plants sexual maturity is when the plant now sends hormonal signals to the shoot apex (a terminal bud that grows 0.1 to 1.0 mm that contains the apical meristem, which develops l leaves and the surrounding leaf primordial) which helps in stimulation the sexual reproduction and development. the factors that contribute to a plants sexual maturity is age, size, ecology, environment, exposure to the sun, their competition, their temperature and nutrients. they can also spread pollen filled with sperm cells that can be picked up by insects that ingest the nectar of the flower they are on like bees

The anatomy of sexual maturity is categorized by the elongation of the penis on the male and the development of the mammary glands and the breasts on the female as well as the fact that now, fully grown adult males can now ejaculate and that fully grown adult females can now breastfeed offspring and give birth, females will also be on their periods (menstruation) which causes bleeding of the uterus. after sexual maturity, there will appear 1 out of roughly 300,000-400,000 fertilization egg only around 300-400 eggs are ovulated during sexual intercourse, the male will ejaculate thus sperm will enter the females vagina and then insert themselves in the fertilization egg thus turning into a fetus overtime and after 7-9months,the fetus then turns into a fully grown infant.

there are many Species that can develop and form Eggs that contain the placenta inside which then helps the offspring develop inside the egg 20 0r 21 eggs in bird species such as poultry or waterfowl. in other species like insects and marine life, the animal can produce a random amount of eggs oftentimes more than one. It is oftentimes that eggs of certain marine species have a slim chance of survival, probabilities being 1 in 500 that an egg hatches and grows into a fledged out adult specimen.


The Murder Man

The Murder Man is a 1935 American crime drama movie directed by Tim Whelan and starring Spencer Tracy, Virginia Bruce, Lionel Atwill, Harvey Stephens, Robert Barrat, James Stewart, William Collier, Sr., William Demarest, George Chandler, Robert Warwick. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Girl Shy

Girl Shy is a 1924 American silent romantic comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and Sam Taylor. It stars Harold Lloyd, Richard Daniels, Jobyna Ralston, Carlton Griffin, Nola Luxford, William Orlamond, Gus Leonard.


Stelios Kympouropoulos

Stelios Kympouropoulos () is a Greek psychiatrist and politician. He was a member of the New Democracy party. He is a Member of the European Parliament since the 2019 elections.

Tatjana Ždanoka

Tatjana Ždanoka (, "Tatyana Arkadyevna Zhdanok", born May 8, 1950) is a Latvian politician. She is a Member of the European Parliament for Latvia since 2019. She is co-chairwoman of the Latvian Russian Union.

Antanas Guoga

Antanas Guoga (born 17 December 1973), more commonly known as Tony G, is a Lithuanian businessman, poker player, politician and philanthropist. In November 2020, Antanas was elected to the Seimas.

During 2014–2019 he was a Member of the European Parliament for the Liberal Movement, and from 2016 for the European Peoples Party.

Roberta Metsola

Roberta Metsola Tedesco Triccas (born 18 January 1979) is a Maltese politician. Metsola is the 17th and current President of the European Parliament since 2022. She is a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) representing Malta since 2013. 

On 11 January 2022, Metsola became the Acting President of the European Parliament after the death of David Sassoli. She was officially elected president on 18 January 2022 by the European Parliament, becoming the first Maltese person, youngest person at aged 43 and the first woman since 2002 to be elected to the presidency.

Marisa Matias

Marisa Isabel dos Santos Matias (born 20 February 1976) is a Portuguese sociologist and politician. She is a Member of the European Parliament, elected for the first time in 2009. Between 2010 and 2016 she was Vice-President of the Party of the European Left.

In November 2015, Matias announced her candidacy for President of Portugal in the 2016 elections, representing the Left Bloc party. She was also a candidate for Left Bloc in the 2021 Portuguese presidential election in which she came 5th, with 3.95% of the vote.


Viviane Reding

Viviane Adélaïde Reding (born 27 April 1951) is a Luxembourgish politician. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Luxembourg. She is a member of the Christian Social People's Party.

She was European Commissioner for Education and Culture from 1999 to 2004, European Commissioner for Information Society and Media from 2004 to 2010 and European Commissioner for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship from 2010 to 2014.

On 27 November 2009, she was elevated in the "Barroso II Commission" to Vice-President responsible for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship. 

Tanja Fajon

Tanja Fajon (; born May 9, 1971) is a Slovenian politician. She was the leader of Social Democrats. She has served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of Prime Minister Robert Golob since 1 June 2022. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Slovenia from 2009 until 2022.

She is currently a head of the Slovenian delegation within the political group of Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats.

Lojze Peterle

Alojz "Lojze" Peterle (born 5 July 1948) is a Slovenian politician. He is a member of New Slovenia. He was Prime Minister of Slovenia from 1990 to 1992 and Leader of the Christian Democrats from the founding of the party in 1990 until 2000. 

He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1993 to 1994 and again in 2000. He was a Member of the National Assembly from 1996 to 2004, and a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2019.

Valery Garkalin

Valery Borisovich Garkalin (; 11 April 1954 – 20 November 2021) was a Soviet-born Russian actor and academic. He was known for his roles in "Katala", "Tsar Ivan the Terrible" and "Shirli-myrli". He was born in Moscow. His career began in 1978. Garkalin was honored with the People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 2008. He was a professor at the Russian Institute of Theatre Arts.

Garkalin died on 20 November 2021 at a hospital in Moscow from respiratory failure caused by COVID-19, aged 67.

Esther Morales

Esther Morales Ayma de Willacarani (13 November 1949 – 16 August 2020) was a Bolivian businesswoman. In 2006, she was made First Lady of Bolivia by her younger brother, then-President of Bolivia Evo Morales, who was unmarried.

Morales died from problems caused by COVID-19 on 16 August 2020, at a Oruro, Bolivia hospital at the age of 70.

Marcos Ferrufino

Marcos Rodolfo Ferrufino Pérez (25 April 1963 – 25 June 2021) was a Bolivian football manager and player. He played as a defender. He played for the Bolivia national football team, making nine appearances between 1989 until 1991.

Ferrufino died on 25 June 2021 aged 58 in his hometown Oruro from COVID-19 amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Bolivia.

Themie Thomai

Themie Thomai Prifti (October 31, 1945 – December 19, 2020) was an Albanian politician. She was a member of the Albanian Party of Labour. She was a Minister of Agriculture from 1975 to 1989.

Thomai died on December 19, 2020 in Tirana, Albania from COVID-19, aged 75.

Cristopher Mansilla

Cristopher Javier Mansilla Almonacid (24 May 1990 – 10 May 2021) was a Chilean track and road cyclist. He competed at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

He died of COVID-19 on 10 May 2021, at age 30 in Puerto Natales during the COVID-19 pandemic in Chile.

Broadway (1942 movie)

Broadway is a 1942 American crime drama movie directed by William A. Seiter and is the second version of the 1926 play of the same name. It stars George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Janet Blair, Broderick Crawford, Marjorie Rambeau, Anne Gwynne, Edward Brophy, Gus Schilling, Arthur Shields, Iris Adrian and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

John Osmers

John Robert Osmers (23 February 1935 – 16 June 2021) was a New Zealand anti-apartheid activist. He was Anglican Bishop of Eastern Zambia from 1995 to 2002. He was born in Ashburton, New Zealand.

Osmers died in Lusaka, Zambia on 16 June 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 86.

Alexander (Ishchein)

Archbishop Alexander (; June 13, 1952 – June 10, 2021) was an Azerbaijani prelate. He was the archbishop of Russian Orthodox diocese of Baku and Azerbaijan from 1999 until his death in 2021.

He died on June 10, 2021 from COVID-19 in Baku, Azerbaijan.

Dave Peacock (musician)

David Victor Peacock (born 24 May 1945) is an English rock pop singer and bass guitarist. Peacock is best known as having been one half of the English musical duo Chas & Dave between 1974 and the death of Chas Hodges in 2018.

Kilusang Bagong Lipunan

The Kilusang Bagong Lipunan (lit. translated to New Society Movement) also known as the New Society Movement of United Nationalists, Liberals, et cetera. was formed in 1978 as an umbrella of coalitions of mostly right-wing (although some of the party factions leaned towards the left) party factions in the Philippines. It was known to be the political party of Ferdinand Marcos, as it became the ruling party when Marcos founded it in 1978 in the 1978 Philippine Elections. 

The New Society Movement (, KBL), formerly named the New Society Movement of United Nationalists, Liberals, et cetera (, KBLNNL), is a right-wing to far right political party in the Philippines. It was first formed in 1978 as an umbrella coalition of parties supporting then-President Ferdinand E. Marcos for the Interim "Batasang Pambansa" (National Assembly) and was his political vehicle during his regime. It was reorganized as a political party in 1986, as the party furthest to the right of the political spectrum among the active parties after Marcos' ouster.

Its status is unknown, since the EDSA Revolution began in 1986 that forced Marcos to resign from power. Imelda Marcos used to have one seat for the party in the House of Representatives, until 2019.
It has endorsed and has once attempted nominated Bongbong Marcos in the 2022 presidential elections.

During its establishment, Marcos advocated a form of "constitutional authoritarianism" as he seen it in his rhetoric as necessary to reform society and establish a new society under his authority.

Judy Justice

Judy Justice is an American streaming reality court show. It is a spin-off of the courtroom series "Judge Judy". It is presided over by former Manhattan Family Court Judge Judith Sheindlin. The show features Sheindlin deciding real-life small-claims disputes in a simulated courtroom set. Before starting, all the people involved sign arbitration contracts agreeing to Sheindlin's decision.

Egmating

Egmating is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg in Germany. It is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Glonn.

Egmating is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Egmating.

Emmering, Ebersberg

Emmering is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. It is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Aßling.

Emmering is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Emmering.

Forstinning

Forstinning is a community in the district of Ebersberg in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Forstinning is in the Munich region in the north of the Ebersberg district and on the northern edge of the Munich "Schotterebene" (a sandur) and the Ebersberg Forest. Neighbouring municipalities and unincorporated areas bordering the community are, clockwise beginning with those also in the Ebersberg district, Hohenlinden, the Ebersberg Forest (unincorporated), Anzing and Markt Schwaben, and continuing with those in the Erding district, Ottenhofen, Pastetten and Forstern.

Forstinning has only one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Forstinning. Forstinning's constituent communities include Aich, Aitersteinering, Berg, Köckmühle, Kressiermühle, Moos, Neupullach, Niederried, Salzburg, Schußmühle, Schwaberwegen, Sempt, Siegstätt, Steffelmühle, Wagmühle, Wind and Wolfmühle.


Frauenneuharting

Frauenneuharting is a community in the district of Ebersberg in Upper Bavaria and a member of the administrative community of Aßling.

Frauenneuharting is in the Munich planning region.


Glonn

Glonn is a market town in the Ebersberg district in Upper Bavaria, Germany, about southeast of Munich.

The market town of Glonn is a health spa ("Erholungsort"), and the Glonn Valley is ringed by wooded hills, carved by the former Inn Glacier. To the south, the Alps are clearly visible on the horizon.

The rivers Glonn, and Schrannenbach rise within Glonn's municipal area, where the lake Kastensee is also to be found. Just inside the neighbouring community of Moosach finds the Steinsee, another lake. Glonn is also home to three protected areas.

Glonn's immediate neighbours are the communities of Baiern, Bruck, Egmating, Moosach and Oberpframmern, which together with Glonn form an administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft").

The town of Grafing and the centres of Kirchseeon, Zorneding and Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn are about 15 km away. Nevertheless, it is there that regional and long-distance rail service is to be found.

Glonn is about 30 km from the cities of Munich and Rosenheim.



Grafing

Grafing bei München (officially: Grafing b.München) is a town in the district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Grafing is in the Munich Region, about southeast of the state capital, where the Urtelbach and Wieshamer Bach both empty into the Attel River. The distance is roughly the same to Rosenheim and Wasserburg am Inn. Nearby municipalities are the district capital Ebersberg about to the north, Glonn and Kirchseeon. 

The town has the following traditional rural land units ("Gemarkungen" in German): Elkofen, Grafing b.München, Nettelkofen, Oexing and Straußdorf.

Grafing station, which is to the west of the town, has access to the Munich S-Bahn network, as well as to Regional-Express and Regionalbahn trains of the national Deutsche Bahn railway company on the Munich–Salzburg railway line opened in 1870. Here the "Filzenexpress" line branches off to Wasserburg, served by SüdostBayernBahn trains. There is also a station called "Grafing Stadt" in the town, which is served by the S-Bahn.

Grafing is twinned with:




Hohenlinden

Hohenlinden (meaning "high linden trees"; colloquially: "Linden"; in the Bavarian dialect: "Hea-lin") is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. The city of Lynden, Washington is named after it, as is Linden, Alabama. Hohenlinden is also the subject of an by Thomas Campbell.

Hohenlinden is in the Munich Planning Region roughly 35 km east of Munich.

Hohenlinden has the following traditional rural land units ("Gemarkungen" in German): Ebersberger Forst and Hohenlinden.


Kirchseeon

Kirchseeon is a market town in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and is 15 km east of Munich city limits.

The nearest communities are Grafing and Ebersberg. The Bavarian capital, Munich, can be reached by S-Bahn (line S4), which runs over the Munich–Salzburg line. Rosenheim and Wasserburg am Inn are each about 25 km away.


Markt Schwaben

Markt Schwaben is a town in Bavaria, Germany. It is about 23 km east of Munich on the northern edge of the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. Neighbouring communities are Anzing, Forstinning, Pliening and Poing, (all in Ebersberg district) as well as Finsing, Ottenhofen and Pastetten (all in Erding district).

Through the town flows the Hennigbach, into which empties the Gigginger Bach southwest of Markt Schwaben. The River Sempt flows by to the east. The highest point in town is in the Wittelsbacher Höhe (heights) on the town's southern outskirts, which forms part of an alpine terminal moraine. Also in the south is the sport centre with its bathing pond. North of the railway tracks is the Burgerfeld new town with its theatre hall, more housing estates and several commercial-industrial areas. The castle with the town hall, the marketplace and St. Margaret's Church are downtown, and the school centre somewhat southwest of there.



Moosach

Moosach is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (administrative community) of Glonn.

The community is in a picturesque setting in an ice-age moraine landscape about 500 m in elevation and lends itself well to hiking. In the heights of the moraine that ring the town are lakes, among them the Steinsee, a bathing lake also favoured by visitors from Munich. Somewhat farther away is the Kitzlsee, a protected landscape.

Moosach comprises a number of surrounding hamlets and lone homesteads such as Falkenberg (with a stable and a beergarden), Baumhau, Altenburg and Berghofen.

Oberpframmern

Oberpframmern is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (administrative community) of Glonn. It is about 24 kilometres southeast of Munich.

Oberpframmern is in the Munich Region. It has only one traditional rural land unit ("Gemarkung" in German), also called Oberpframmern.


Pliening

Pliening is a community east of Munich in the northwest of the district of Ebersberg in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Upper Bavaria, Germany. In the local dialect, the name is pronounced "Pleaning". It has flourished in recent decades, partly as a commuter base for Munich, placed some 20 km to the west. The official population level had reached 5,263 by 2006.

The community of Pliening contains of the main centres of Pliening, Gelting, Landsham, Landsham-Moos and Ottersberg as well as the hamlets and uninhabited places of Geltinger Au, Unterspann, Gigging, Gerharding and Erlmühle.



Poing, Bavaria

Poing is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg, being east of central Munich.

Poing is about NE of Munich and is serviced by the Munich S-Bahn (S2) and MVV Bus systems. Poing has two
constituent communities named Angelbrechting and Grub. Poing is bordered on the east by Anzing and
Markt Schwaben, Pliening in the North, Kirchheim to the West and Parsdorf to the South.


Anello di Lierna

The Circle of Leonardo da Vinci or the Anello di Lierna (in English the "Ring of Lierna") is a footpath and popular hiking trail in the Lombardy region of Italy. It is located on the eastern side of Lake Como. The trail is in the shape of a ring and starts and ends near the town of Lierna. The entrance to the trail is from the Sentiero del Viandante, a longer hiking trail that extends from the Province of Lecco to the Province of Sondrio. The Anello di Lierna is about long.

The trail goes into the mountains behind Lierna. They are known as the "Alpe di Lierna". It also passes a small church dedicated to Saint Peter. Its name in Italian is "Chiesetta di San Pietro".



Yael Mahler

Yael Mahler (born December 12, 1982 in Israel) is an Israeli dancer, threatre actress, and percussionist. She has performed in shows around the world, including in Israel and at Off-Broadway in New York City.

Yael Mahler was born in Israel. Starting at the age of three, she trained in various music and dance genres, including classical ballet, jazz, hip-hop, and contemporary.

At the age of 17, Mahler joined Mayumana, an Israeli dance and drumming company, as its youngest dancer. Mahler toured with Mayumana for over 10 years.

Other than jazz and ballet, Mahler also focuses on dance genres such as belly dancing, African, Samba, and Zumba.

In 2007, Mahler acted in a theatre act, "Be," produced by Mayumana. The show was first performed at Off-Broadway's Union Square Theatre on February 23, 2007.

Mahler is also a percussionist. She has performed with Israeli artists Harel Shachal, Mosh Ben-Ari, Din-Din Aviv, among others.


30 (album)

30 is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was released 19 November 2021 through Melted Stone and Columbia Records.

Adele explained the album should have been released in 2020 but was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The cover depicts Adele facing to the right in front of an emerald-green background.

"30" debuted at number one in the US with 839,000 copies consumed in its first week, the highest-selling first week of 2021. It also entered at number one in the UK.

Lengths from iTunes metadata. Credits from Target exclusive album booklet.

Lake St. Louis, Missouri

Lake St. Louis is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

New Melle, Missouri

New Melle is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

O'Fallon, Missouri

O'Fallon is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Portage Des Sioux, Missouri

Portage Des Sioux is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

St. Paul, Missouri

St. Paul is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

St. Peters, Missouri

St. Peters is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Weldon Spring, Missouri

Weldon Spring is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

As of the 2020 U.S. Census, they had a population of 5,326.

West Alton, Missouri

West Alton is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Isidore Laurent Deroy

Isidore Laurent Deroy, named also Isidore-Laurent Deroy, Isidore Deroy, Laurent Deroy (14 April 1797 – 25 November 1886) was an french painter from France.

He was a pupil of Félix Vallotton and Louis François Cassas, by whom he was deeply influenced, specializing as a painter, watercolorist and lithographer.

Together with André Chapuy and Louis Le Breton he was the author of numerous series of views of the places they considered the most beautiful in the world.
Son of Jacques Deroy and Aimée Madeleine Pertuisot, Isidore Laurent Deroy was a pupil of the architect Félix and the painter Louis-François Cassas. He made a lot of descriptions and he is the author of a considerable body of work. We owe him French landscapes and animals, drawn, for the most part, in sepia.

Some of his work was featured in the galleries of the Duchess of Berry and Duke of Orléans. Deroy, who signed his paintings, exhibited at the Salons of 1810, 1812, 1819, 1822 and 1827.He obtained a 3rd class medal at the Salon du Louvre in 1836 as a lithographer.

He created in 1860 with the Becquet brothers the series "France in Miniature".

A tireless lithographer, he reproduced various subjects for the "Amateur's Museum", and published countless views. He went to paint on Lake Como in Lierna, thanks to the friendship of a noble family who had possessions there by the lake.

His sons Émile and Auguste Victor are his pupils.

He died on November 25, 1886 at his Parisian home at 12, rue du Pré-aux-Clercs, widower of his wife Héloise Villain.




Jadakiss

Jason Terrance Phillips known by his stage name Jadakiss, (born May 27, 1975) is an American rapper. Jadakiss joined the rap group The Lox in 1994, which became popular in 1997. In 1999, Jadakiss joined the Ruff Ryders as well.

Studio albums

Collaboration albums

Intel 8086

The Intel 8086 is a 16-bit microprocessor of the late 1970s. It was the precessor of the Intel 8088, which was a popular processor in the 1980s. The design is based on the architecture of the 8080 and 8085, which were 8 bit processors Intel made in the 1970s. The 8086 lacks a few functions, which had to be added with external chips. It also lacks the ability to do floating-point calculations. This was commonly added with the 8087 chip. The IBM PC, released in the 1980s, used an 8088 chip. Amstrad built clones, which used the 8086 chip.

Aliso Viejo, California

Aliso Viejo is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Buena Park, California

Buena Park is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Dana Point, California

Dana Point is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

La Habra, California

La Habra is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

La Palma, California

La Palma is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Rancho Santa Margarita, California

Rancho Santa Margarita is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Stanton, California

Stanton is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Villa Park, California

Villa Park is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Nashville metropolitan area

The Nashville metropolitan area (officially, the Nashville-Davidson–Murfreesboro–Franklin, TN Metropolitan Statistical Area) is a metropolitan statistical area centered around Nashville, Tennessee, the capital and largest city in Tennessee, in the United States. With a population of nearly 2 million, it is the most populous metropolitan area in Tennessee. It is also the largest metropolitan area in Tennessee, in terms of land area.

Sunnfjord (municipality)

Sunnfjord is a municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is in the traditional district of Sunnfjord. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Førde. Other villages in the municipality include Naustdal, Sande, Vassenden, and Skei.


Radical surgery

Radical surgery, also called radical dissection, is a surgery that is more extensive than "conservative" surgery in somewhat manner. 

When it comes to surgical oncology, radical surgery is surgery involve removing both a tumor and any metastases for diagnostic motive or treatment purposes. It implies that it consists removal of a tumor or mass and ancillary lymph nodes that may drain the mass, as in radical mastectomy. 
Whilst in histopathology, radicality of tumor excisions is defined as the absence of tumor cells in a certain resection margin, with the specific margin width varying by tumor type and local guidelines.

Immunohistochemistry

Immunohistochemistry (IHC) it involves the process of selectively identifying antigens in cells of a tissue section by exploiting the principle of antibodies binding specifically to antigens in biological tissues. IHC takes its name from the roots "immuno", which simply means antibodies used in the procedure, and "histo", means. Immunohistochemistry was been conceptualized by Albert Coons. 
This involve proper tissue collection, fixation and sectioning. A solution of formalin is often used to fix tissue, but other methods may also be used.

Chungkingosaurus

Chungkingosaurus, meaning "Chongqing Lizard", is a herbivorous dinosaur from the Upper Jurassic Shaximiao Formation in what is now China. It is a member of the Stegosauria.

It was one of the smallest stegosaurs with a length of less than four metres, but it was apparently an adult, judging by the ossification of the sacrum.

At first, all of the stegosaurs came from the Lower Cretaceous, but this one is earlier. It seems obvious that the plates were used as defence, but temperature regulation and mate attraction have been proposed. 

Clarksville, New Hampshire

Clarksville is a town in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 294 people lived there.


Charlestown, New Hampshire

Charlestown is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,806 people lived there.


Public bookcase

A public bookcase (also called a book exchange, a free library or a street library) is a box or cupboard with books in it that everyone can get to. People often put a book they have finished reading into the bookcase, and then take a book out of the bookcase to read instead. People can also take books from the bookcase without giving a book if they have no books to give. Public bookcases are often along sidewalks, in public buildings or in people's gardens near the sidewalk.

John Bedford Lloyd

John Bedford Lloyd (born January 2, 1956) was an American character actor.

Lloyd was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Ann Storrs Lloyd and Edward B. Lloyd of Southport, Connecticut. His father was an architect.
He has a sister, Susan Storrs Lloyd, and a brother, Thomas Bedford Lloyd. Thomas was married to Susan DeLong Ball.

While studying at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, he was cast in the play "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", and decided to become a professional actor.

He later attended Yale School of Drama. After graduating, he moved to Manhattan and began his professional acting career on the stage. He has appeared in movies such as "Trading Places", "Crossing Delancey", "Philadelphia", "Fair Game", "The Bourne Supremacy", "", "The Front Runner" and in TV series such as "Hometown", "Law & Order", "Aliens in the Family, John Adams, and Ozark".

He married actress Anne Twomey on August 23, 1986. The couple have two daughters, Hannah and Elizabeth.

Steinhöring

Steinhöring is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.

Steinhöring is in the Munich Region. It lies in the south-east of the "Ebersberger Forst" (forest) which is one of the largest continuous area of woodlands in Germany.

It includes two traditional rural land units ("Gemarkungen" in German) named Sankt Christoph and Steinhöring.

Neighbouring communities are Ebersberg, Hohenlinden and Frauenneuharting.

Steinhöring is divided into many boroughs:

"Sankt Christoph" and "Tulling"; "Abersdorf, Berg, Endorf, Hintsberg, Schützen "und" Sensau;" the hamlets "Aschau, Au, Dichtlmühle, Dietmering, Elchering, Etzenberg, Graben, Höhenberg, Holzhäusln, Kraiß, Niederaltmannsberg, Oberseifsieden, Ötzmann, Rupertsdorf, Schechen, Sprinzenöd, Unterseifsieden, Wall, Welling, Winkl" and "Zaißing" as well as the housing-groups of "Blöckl, Buchschechen, Helletsgaden, Hofstett, Hub, Lehen, Lieging, Mayrhof, Meiletskirchen, Neuhardsberg, Oed, Oelmühle, Ranhartsberg, Salzburg, Schätzl, Schweig, Stinau, Thailing, Untermeierhof" and "Winkl b. Sankt Christoph."


Vaterstetten

Vaterstetten is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. It is east of Munich and is the district's biggest community. Vaterstetten is on the outskirts of Munich, about twenty minutes by S-Bahn from Marienplatz.

Vaterstetten borders in the north on the community of Poing, in the northeast on the community of Anzing, in the east on the unincorporated area of the Ebersberg Forest ("Ebersberger Forst"), in the southeast on the community of Zorneding (all in Ebersberg district), in the southwest on the community of Grasbrunn, and in the west on the communities of Haar and Feldkirchen (all three in Munich district).

The community conttains of the constituent centres of Baldham, Hergolding, Neufarn, Parsdorf, Purfing, Vaterstetten and Weißenfeld.


William the Lion

William I, known as the Lion (1142 - 4 December 1214) was King of Scotland from 1165 until 1214. His time as ruler was one of the longest in Scottish history, he submitted to Henry II from 1174 until 1189, when he paid Richard I a sum of money to stop him submitting.

Portuguese Communist Party

The Portuguese Communist Party is a communist, Marxist–Leninist political party in Portugal based upon democratic centralism. The party is characterized as being between the left-wing and far-left on the political spectrum.

The Party was founded in 1921, establishing contacts with the Comintern in 1922. PCP was made illegal after a fascist coup in the late 1920s, the PCP played a major role in the opposition to the dictatorial regime of António de Oliveira Salazar. During the five-decades-long dictatorship, the party was constantly suppressed by the political police, which forced its members to live in clandestine status under the threat of arrest, torture, and murder. After the Carnation Revolution in 1974, which overthrew the 48-year regime, the 36 members of party's Central Committee had, in the aggregate, experienced more than 300 years in jail.

After the end of the dictatorship, the party became a major political force of the new democratic regime. One of its goals, according to the party is to maintain its "vanguard role in the service of the class interests of the workers". The PCP is the fourth largest in the Portuguese Assembly of the Republic, where it holds 10 of the 230 assembly seats.

The Party publishes the weekly "Avante!", founded in 1931. Its youth organization is the Portuguese Communist Youth, a member of the World Federation of Democratic Youth.

Vanguardism

In the context of the theory of Leninist revolutionary struggle, vanguardism involves a strategy whereby the most class-conscious and politically "advanced" sections of the proletariat or working class, described as the revolutionary vanguard, form organizations in order to draw larger sections of the working class towards revolutionary politics and serve as manifestations of proletarian political power opposed to the bourgeois.

Duncan I

Donnchada mac Crinain (Modern Gaelic: "Donnchadh mac Crionain"; 14 June 1001 — 14 August 1040) often known as Duncan I and nicknamed the Fighter (Scottish Gaelic: "an Trodaiche") was the King of Scotland from 1035 until he was killed at the Battle of Pitgaveny in 1040. He was the son of Crínán of Dunkeld and Bethóc Ingen mac Maíl Coluim, the daughter of King Malcolm II. 

He succeded his grandfather in 1035 and ruled the kingdom effectively until in 1040 where he was killed by the forces of Macbeth, who became king. Duncan left behind three children. His oldest child, Malcolm, would kill Macbeth seventeen years later and became king as Malcolm III. His second son, Donald, would also became king as Donald III.

28 May coup

The 28 May 1926 coup d'état was a nationalist military coup in Portugal. The coup put an end to the unstable Portuguese First Republic and started 48 years of authoritarian rule in Portugal. The regime that immediately resulted from the coup, the Ditadura Nacional, would be later turn into the Estado Novo, which in turn would last until the Carnation Revolution in 1974. 

Zorneding

Zorneding is a community in district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is placed some 20 km east of Munich, Bavaria’s capital.

In the northwest, Zorneding borders on the community of Vaterstetten, in the northeast on the unincorporated area of the Ebersberg Forest ("Ebersberger Forst"), in the east on Kirchseeon, in the south on Oberpframmern and in the southwest on Munich district.


Carnation Revolution

The Carnation Revolution, also known as the 25 April, was a coup on 25 April 1974 in Lisbon that overthrew the authoritarian Estado Novo regime, this caused social, economic, territorial, demographic and political changes through 1974 to 1975. Carnation Revolution resulted in the Portuguese transition to democracy and the end of the Portuguese Colonial War.

The revolution began as a coup organised by the Armed Forces Movement, made up of military officers who opposed the dictatorship regime, they also joined forces with an popular civil resistance movements in Portuguese colonies. By the end of 1974, Portuguese troops were withdrawn from Portuguese Guinea, which became a UN member state. This was followed by the independence of many Portuguese colonies. These events caused a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portugal's former territories (mostly from Angola and Mozambique), creating over a million Portuguese refugees.

The carnation revolution got its name from the fact that almost no shots were fired and from restaurant worker Celeste Caeiro offering carnations to the soldiers when the population took to the streets to celebrate the end of the dictatorship, with other demonstrators following suit and carnations placed in the muzzles of guns and on the soldiers' uniforms. In Portugal, 25 April is a national holiday (, Freedom Day) that commemorates the revolution.

Adelschlag

Adelschlag is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Altmannstein

Altmannstein is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Böhmfeld

Böhmfeld is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Buxheim

Buxheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Llywelyn the Last

Llywelyn the Last (1223 - 11 December 1282) was Prince of Wales from 1246 until 1282.

In 1282, near the town of Builth Wells, the Kingdom of Wales fought a battle against the English, in which Llywelyn was killed.

Denkendorf, Bavaria

Denkendorf is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Dollnstein

Dollnstein is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. The name Dollnstein has its origins in Middle High German ""Tollunstein"".

Egweil

Egweil is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Eitensheim

Eitensheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt (district) in Bavaria in Germany.

Eitensheim is between Eichstätt and Ingolstadt, in Altmühl Valley Nature Park.

Following cities and communes are bordered on the commune Eitensheim:
Hitzhofen, Lippertshofen, Gaimersheim, Friedrichshofen, Buxheim and Tauberfeld.



Gaimersheim

Gaimersheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km northwest of Ingolstadt.

Power Rangers Ninja Steel

Power Rangers Ninja Steel Is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2017. It aired from January 21 to December 1 2017-2018 44 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Dino Charge". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers Beast Morphers" started in 2019-2020.

The second season and overall 24th season of Power Rangers, Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel started in 2018.

Galvanax is the reigning champion of "Galaxy Warriors", the most popular intergalactic TV game show in the universe where contestants from all over the universe battle to prove who is the galaxy's mightiest warrior. He has become determined to make himself invincible by controlling the mythical Ninja Nexus Prism, which contains the supernatural Ninja Nexus Star. Meanwhile, the Prism, flying through space, lands at the house of Master Dane Romero, who chips off old fragments of the Prism's metallic coating, creating the legendary Ninja Steel. When Galvanax came to Earth soon after, Master Dane Romero fought him to keep him from obtaining the Nexus Star and apparently sacrificed himself to thwart Galvanax's plan, while in the process separating the Nexus Star into six separate Ninja Power Stars, though Galvanax and his minions Madame Odius and Ripcon made off with his son Brody. Ten years later, an enslaved Brody escapes from Galvanax's ship with the Prism, the Power Stars, and fellow slaves Redbot and Mick Kanic and returns to Earth, descending into the city of Summer Cove where they meet high school students Preston Tien, Sarah Thompson, Calvin Maxwell and Hayley Foster who manage to retrieve the Power Stars from the Prism and morph into the Ninja Steel Power Rangers. Furious at the outcome, Galvanax sends his warrior contestants down to Earth to steal the Prism where each epic battle against the Rangers is broadcast throughout the universe. Together, the Rangers must master their arsenal of Power Stars, Mega Morph Cycles, and Zords, that are all made from the Ninja Steel, in order to stop this evil threat and save the Earth from descruction. During their battles, they gain a new addition to their team in the form of country singer Levi Weston, who received his own Power Star and became the Gold Ranger. He is later revealed to be Brody's long lost brother Aiden.

During the final battle against Galvanax, the Ninja Nexus Prism restores Brody's broken Red Ninja Power Star where it not only turns Mick into an alternate Red Ranger, but also restores Master Dane Romero. The Rangers are able to destroy Galvanax with the Ninja Nexus Prism going inactive, but Madame Odius survives the unexpected Ninja Steel mentor
attack on Galvanax's ship.

In "Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel", the heroine teens find themselves face-to-face with an old enemy when they discover the Madame Odius is still alive and is more determined than ever to steal the Ninja Nexus Prism and revive its powers for her life and she is a power ranger farious purposes with the assistance of Badonna, Brax, and General Tynamon. Now it is up to the Rangers and some unexpected help from new friends to use the power of teamwork to protect the Prism, defeat Madame Odius, and save the world.
Sledge and his crew from "Power Rangers Dino Charge" escape from a wormhole (due to events from the "Power Rangers Dino Super Charge" finale - "End of Extinction", thought they did not fade away from existence by the history alternation expect Fury and Curio after their past selves are destroyed, assumed there is a side effect from the wormhole that keep them from being erased.) thus arriving in the main dimension of the Power Rangers multiverse. After asteroid, which is covered in Ninja Super Steel, a metal even stronger than Ninja Steel. Instead Odius tricks him and gains the loyalty of a prisoner of his named Badonna, takes the Super Steel for herself, and gets the ship fixed regardless. Putting Galaxy Warriors back on the air, Odius, Badonna, and a new contestant named Smellephant attack Earth to revive the Ninja Nexus Prism and forge evil Ninja Stars and Super Steel. Thanks to prior warning from a returning Mick and using every trick up their sleeves, the former Rangers manage to claim the Super Steel and regain their powers, though much stronger than before.

With new and improved powers and gear, the Rangers protect the Ninja Power Stars from Odius and her Warrior contestants. In order to get an edge on them, Badonna books a ragtag team of Galactic Ninjas, intent on proving their superiority to the "Earth Ninjas". Odius hatches a plan to send the Galactic Ninjas into fatal battles in order to claim their Ninja Medallions for the creation of Foxatron, her own Zord. Foxatron destroys the Ninja Ultrazord, leaving the Rangers' Zord Stars burned and in no condition for use. Luckily, with the help of three mysterious cloaked figures, they are able to repair the Zord Stars and destroy Foxatron with their new Ninja Blaze Megazord, gained by proving to the
Prism, that they're kind at heart enough to be worthy of such power.

As revenge, Odius forms an alliance with Lord Draven, ruler of an evil dimension known as the Antiverse. The two plan to unite all dimensions into one and use an army of Robo Ranger clones to conquer them all. Fortunately, the Ninja Steel Rangers and a team of Legendary Rangers (including the three cloaked figures revealed to be Wes Collins, Gemma from RPM, and Koda from Dino Charge, as well as Tommy Oliver, Katherine Hillard, Rocky Desantos, Trent Fernandez-Mercer, T.J. Johnson, Antonio Garcia, and Gia Moran, all of whom escaped Draven's captivity) are able to destroy Draven and stop the merging of the dimensions.

After the fall of the Galactic Ninjas and Draven's demise, Odius continues to plot the Rangers' downfall, even as going as far as to trick the legendary Space Sheriff Skyfire into viewing the Rangers as thieves, while the sheriff was hunting a wanted criminal and demolitions expert named Blammo, who was a contestant on Galaxy Warriors at the time. Odius makes yet another deal, this time with General Tynamon, manager of a famous fighter named Brax. Tynamon is actually a small monster using a robot suit to look big, hoping Odius will grant him to grow big if he can get the Power Stars and destroy the Rangers. While he does succeed in testing out her mind control device and thus gaining Mick as an ally, the monster is only able to achieve his dream for a small amount of time, as he is destroyed the Rangers. For Odius however, losing Tynamon is meaningless as Mick an can help her launch her ultimate plan.

Mick promises to help her broadcast a signal which will mind control the whole planet. A monster named Gorrox disguises as a TV producer to get humans for her broadcast. The audition he holds causes Calvin and Hayley to argue and breakup, while, Victor and Monty are chosen for the role. Gorrox reveals himself and is destroyed along with a vengeful Brax, in battle with the Rangers. Unfortunately, they are unable to stop her as Odius now controls half the human race and has ambushed Summer Cove High. While Sarah and Hayley sneak onto the Warrior Dome to save a mind controlled Calvin, the Romero brothers and Preston watch a Odius turns the Nexus Prism evil and forges a Ninja Nexus Super Star, revealing she's wanted to control an army with the Prism's power for a thousand years. The three are then forced to fight Brody and Levi's father, whom was also mind controlled. Luckily, Hayley destroys the satellite and gets back together with a free Calvin. Odius' former human soldiers escape with Victor and Monty's help, leading to the destruction of to combat a seemingly unstoppable Odius, infuse themselves with the power of the Nexus Star with a little help from Preston's magic. Try as she may, Odius is no match for a whole team of those with equal powers to hers, falling in the final battle when the Rangers combine their Nexus Stars combined with the Nexus Power and bringing peace to Earth. Victor and Monty are rewarded for their bravery in helping to stop Odius while the Rangers return their powers to the Ninja Nexus Prism, which uses its power to reforge its Ninja Steel
crust and files off in search of another planet in need. With Mick remaining on Earth as their teacher (through remaining in contact with his family through satellite), the Rangers return to life as normal high school students, unware that Sledge and his crew are still alive elsewhere in space.

Later, Sledge and his crew return again in Christmas where they use the rebuilt Warrior Dome ship to start Poisandra's talk show. With help from Koda, the Blue Dino Charge Ranger and Santa Claus, Sledge and his crew along with his ship and reprogrammed Basher Bots are all destroyed this time for good. Afterwards, Koda invites the Ninja Steel Rangers back to his world to spend Christmas with him.




SNCF

The Société nationale des chemins de fer français ( ​]; abbreviated as SNCF ]; French for "French National Railway Company") is France's national state-owned railway company. Founded in 1938, it operates the country's national rail traffic along with Monaco, including the TGV, on France's high-speed rail network. Its functions include operation of railway services for passengers and freight (through its subsidiaries SNCF Voyageurs and Rail Logistics Europe), as well as maintenance and signalling of rail infrastructure (SNCF Réseau). The railway network consists of about 35,000 km (22,000 mi) of route, of which 2,600 km (1,600 mi) are high-speed lines and 14,500 km (9,000 mi) electrified. About 14,000 trains are operated daily.

In 2010 the SNCF was ranked 22nd in France and 214th globally on the Fortune Global 500 list. It is the main business of the SNCF Group, which in 2020 had €30 billion of sales in 120 countries. The SNCF Group employs more than 275,000 employees in France and around the world. Since July 2013, the SNCF Group headquarters are located in a Parisian suburb at 2 Place aux Étoiles in Saint-Denis. The president of SNCF Group has been Jean-Pierre Farandou since 2019.


Großmehring

Großmehring is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Hepberg

Hepberg is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Hitzhofen

Hitzhofen is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Kinding

Kinding is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Kipfenberg

Kipfenberg is a town and municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria, Germany. It is known for its hillside castle and fortress, and for being the geographical centre of Bavaria. The river Altmühl flows through the municipality and its market town of Kipfenberg.

Franz Widnmann (1846–1910), painter, graphic artist, and professor at the Royal School of Applied Arts in Munich, was born at Kipfenberg.

Kösching

Kösching is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Lenting

Lenting is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Mindelstetten

Mindelstetten is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Mörnsheim

Mörnsheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Gailach.

Valentinian II

Valentinian II (371 - 15 May 392) was Roman Emperor from 375 until 392 when he was discovered hanged in his room.

Semitic root

Semitic Root languages are characterized as a sequence of consonants or "radicals". 

A triliteral or triconsonantal root (Hebrew: שרש תלת-עצורי‎, "šoreš təlat-ʻiṣuri"; Arabic: جذر ثلاثي‎, "jiḏr ṯulāṯī"; Syriac: ܫܪܫܐ‎, "šeršā") is a root containing a sequence of three consonants. 

Nassenfels

Nassenfels is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberdolling

Oberdolling is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Pförring

Pförring is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Pollenfeld

Pollenfeld is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Districts: Pollenfeld with Wörmersdorf, Seuversholz with Ziegelhütte, Sornhüll with Götzelshard, Wachenzell with Ziegelhütte, Weigersdorf and Preith.

Pollenfeld is in the Ingolstadt region, 8 km (approx. 5 miles) north of the district seat ("Kreisstadt") of Eichstätt in the Franconian Jura mountains.

Schernfeld

Schernfeld is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Stammham, Eichstätt

Stammham is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Titting

Titting is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It is home to Brauerei Gutmann, which was founded in 1707.

Walting

Walting is a municipality and a village in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria, Germany.


Wellheim

Wellheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the so-called "Urdonautal", the valley the Danube used some 300,000 years ago on its way to the Black Sea. Today a little river, the Schutter flows through the village in the opposite direction (north-south vs. south-north). The community contains of 5 villages (Aicha, Hard, Gammersfeld, Biesenhard, Konstein and Wellheim) and has about 2800 residents. Today there is no industry at all but a wonderful landscape with a pure nature.


Wettstetten

Wettstetten is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Berglern

Berglern is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria,

Bockhorn, Bavaria

Bockhorn is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Buch am Buchrain

Buch am Buchrain is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Dorfen

Dorfen is a town in the district of Erding, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 50 km east of Munich and 29 km south of Landshut.

Dorfen is at the Munich-Mühldorf railway.


Eitting

Eitting is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Erding

Erding () is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district Erding. It had a population of 36,469 in 2019.

The original Erdinger Weissbier is a well-known Bavarian specialty. 

Erding is around 31 kilometers northeast of central Munich, about a 30-minute drive by car.
Regular S-Bahn trains connect to Munich and beyond.

Finsing

Finsing is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Forstern

Forstern is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Fraunberg, Bavaria

Fraunberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Hohenpolding

Hohenpolding is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Inning am Holz

Inning am Holz is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Isen, Bavaria

Isen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Isen has once been home to a Benedictine abbey. The abbey was dissolved however during the secularisation in 1802 so only the St. Zeno Church remains today.

In 1946 Isen had a population of 1,631.

Kirchberg, Upper Bavaria

Kirchberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Langenpreising

Langenpreising is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Lengdorf

Lengdorf is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Moosinning

Moosinning is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuching

Neuching is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberding

Oberding (, ) is a municipality in the district of Erding in Upper Bavaria in Germany, and member of the same administrative community. Almost half of the area of Munich Airport, including both terminals, falls within the municipal bounds.

Oberding is in the Munich area in the middle of Erdinger Moos between the rivers Sempt and village. The village is about 6 km north-west of the county Erding, 17 km south of Freising and 36 km from the state capital Munich in the immediate sector of the Munich Airport.



For the construction of the Munich Airport landing paths of in 1992, the residents of Franz home were partially displaced by Schwaiger Moos. Much of the current airport site, including the terminals is located in the municipality. For the planned construction of the third take-off and landing strip another partial removal of moss Schwaiger is necessary.

The Middle-Isar-channel and the river village, both flow in about a north-south direction.


Ottenhofen

Ottenhofen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Pastetten

Pastetten is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany. It is a rural municipality in the south of the district. The town was founded about one thousand years ago along the road from Swabia to Erding.

Sankt Wolfgang

Sankt Wolfgang is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Steinkirchen

Steinkirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Taufkirchen (Vils)

Taufkirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Taufkirchen is the place of the Wasserschloss Taufkirchen, a moated castle over 700 years old.

Walpertskirchen

Walpertskirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Wartenberg, Bavaria

Wartenberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Wörth, Upper Bavaria

Wörth is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

2021 Chilean general election

In Chile, a general election was held on 21 November 2021, including presidential, parliamentary and regional elections. Voters elected the President of the Republic, 27 of 50 members of the Senate and all 155 members of the Chamber of Deputies in the National Congress. 

A second round was held on 19 December 2021 where Gabriel Boric was elected the 36th President after winning almost 56% of the vote. He will be the youngest president of Chile ever elected.

Cristina Peri Rossi

Cristina Peri Rossi (born 12 November 1941) is a Uruguayan novelist, poet, translator, and author. She has written more than 37 works. She is seen as an important writer during the Latin American Boom. She has worked for newspapers and media agencies such as "Diario 16", "El Periódico" and "Agencia EFE". 

Peri Rossi won the Miguel de Cervantes Prize in 2021. She was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Abbi Jacobson

Abbi Jacobson (born February 1, 1984) is an American comedian, writer, actress, illustrator and producer. She co-created and co-starred in the Comedy Central series "Broad City" (2014–2019). She also voiced Katie Mitchell in "The Mitchells vs. the Machines" (2021), Nya in "The Lego Ninjago Movie" (2017), and Princess Bean in the series "Disenchantment" (2018–present).

Jacobson is openly bisexual.

Emi Wada

Wada died on 13 November 2021, aged 84.

Úbeda

Úbeda (; from Iberian "Ibiut") is a town in the province of Jaén in Spain's autonomous community of Andalusia.

Waukesha parade attack

On November 21, 2021, at around 4:39 p.m. local time, a red Ford Escape sport utility vehicle broke through barricades and drove into the annual Christmas parade in Waukesha, Wisconsin, United States. This killed six people and injured more than 68 others. 

Waukesha police officers took the car and arrested a person. At least one officer fired their gun in an attempt to stop the SUV.

On October 26, 2022, Darrell Brooks, the driver of the SUV, was found guilty of all 76 charges against him. He was sentenced to six life sentences without parole.

Codex Sinaiticus

The Codex Sinaiticus, or "Sinai Bible", is one of the four great uncial codices, ancient, handwritten copies of a Christian Bible in Greek. The codex is an historical treasure. The codex is an Alexandrian text-type manuscript written in uncial letters on parchment and dated paleographically to the mid-4th century.

David L. Cohen

David L. Cohen (born 1955) is an American businessman, attorney and lobbyist. He is the United States Ambassador to Canada since 2021. He was the senior advisor to the CEO of Comcast Corporation. Until January 1, 2020, he was senior executive vice president and chief lobbyist for Comcast.

In July 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Cohen as the United States Ambassador to Canada. Cohen was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in a voice vote on November 2, 2021.

Operator

In mathematics, an operator is a function (like addition) that acts on one or more numbers to create a new number.

The most known operators are those used for the first four arithmetic operations: addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division (formula_1, formula_2, formula_3, formula_4).



Israeli Jews

An Israeli Jew is a Jew who lives in the state of Israel. Jews have been living in Israel ever since Moses led them to there. But over time they had been kicked out then let back. The modern term mostly refers to the Jews who moved to the Jewish holy land after the forming of the state in 1948. 

Israeli Jews live there because of Zionism in the 20th century.

Bruto Mazzolani

Bruto Mazzolani (born 1880 in Ferrara), italian naïve art painter.

Bruto Mazzolani was the son and pupil of Giuseppe Mazzolani, collaborator of Raffaele Casnedi, then went to Bologna to study at the Clementina Academy (Accademia di Belle Arti di Bologna), becoming a pupil of Domenico Ferri.
Mazzolani took part in various exhibitions in Milan, Bologna and Ferrara.

Mazzoleni often went to paint en plain air in the ancient village of Lierna on Lake Como, finding a light and an atmosphere that stimulated his artistic vein.

His works are present in the collections of numerous Milanese noble families.


Adelsdorf, Bavaria

Adelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Adelsdorf is twinned with:



Aurachtal

Aurachtal is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Baiersdorf

Baiersdorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in northern Bavaria, Germany.

The major part of Baiersdorf is ideally on a terrace which preserves the town from being flooded by the close Regnitz river. It is exactly between Erlangen (eight kilometers in the south) and Forchheim (eight kilometers in the north).

Neighbor cities are Forchheim, Poxdorf, Langensendelbach, Bubenreuth, Möhrendorf and Hausen.

Baiersdorf contains 4 districts


Johann Jakob Falkeisen

Johann Jakob Falkeisen (born 1804 in Basel) is a swiss artist painter and engraver.

After studying in Paris, Falkeisen went to Milan to further his career as an artist and worked under Giovanni Migliara (1785-1837) and Louis Cherbuin (1810-1875) until 1838.
Falkeisen took the opportunity to travel to Bursa in 1843, visiting Athens and Constantinople, to work in his family’s silk factory which was being run by his brother, who was also the Austrian Consul for Bursa. 
The Falkeisen family bought the factory, together with Tasciyan, an Armenian dragoman from the British Embassy, from a French entrepreneur called M. Glaizal, who had started the enterprise in 1837. The Falkeisen factory was the first steam-powered silk-spinning factory in Bursa and manufactured silk thread.
Johann Falkeisen lived in Turkey until 1855 when the family factory was destroyed by fire as a result of an earthquake and he returned to Basel. He then joined the fledgling Kunstmuseum in Basel where he worked as a curator. 


Ugo Mazzolari

Ugo Mazzolari (born 1804 in Cremona) is an italian artist, painter but also pastelist and fresco painter.

Mazzolari learned to paint on his own, as a self-taught person, entering the Lombard school with his own characteristics. He worked mainly in Milan, his first known painting is a painting with peonies exhibited in Brera in 1900.

He painted above all landscapes, with a predilection for the lakes of Como and for the Aosta valley, but he also dealt with the theme of the figure, often inserted in countryside scenes.

Today his paintings are housed in the Martinengo gallery in Brescia "Primavera" and in the gallery of Modern Art in Milan "L’anello".

As a fresco painter he carried out works in Lombard churches, including those of Ripalta Cremasca and Intra.



Mazzolari's most famous work is "Lavandaie a Lierna, Lago di Como" and "Scorcio di lago a Lierna".


Bubenreuth

Bubenreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Bubenreuth is near the river Regnitz and ca. 4 kilometers north of Erlangen with which it's structurally connected. Neighboring towns are (from North clockwise) Baiersdorf, Langensendelbach, Marloffstein, Erlangen and Möhrendorf.

Buckenhof

Buckenhof is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Eckental

Eckental is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 14 km east of Erlangen, and 16 km northeast of Nuremberg. It contains 17 districts: Benzendorf, Brand, Brandermühle, Büg, Ebach, Eckenhaid, Eckenmühle, Eschenau, Forth, Frohnhof, Herpersdorf, Illhof, Marquardsburg, Mausgesees, Oberschöllenbach, Oedhof, and Unterschöllenbach.



Neunkirchen am Brand

Neunkirchen am Brand is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

There are the following districts (pop. statistics as of December 31, 2006):

Furthermore, there the farms Vogelhof, Erleinhof and Saarmühle.



Gräfenberg, Bavaria

Gräfenberg is a Franconian town in the district of Forchheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 16km southeast of Forchheim and 25km northeast of Nuremberg.

Gräfenberg is in the southern part of Little Switzerland.
The town is characterised by a great range of elevation (from 400 to 550 metres).
A brook, the Kalkach, flows through the town with a steep drop.

Gräfenberg is divided into 16 districts:

Heroldsberg

Heroldsberg is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is eleven kilometers north-east from the city of Nuremberg and 23 kilometers east from Erlangen and is the headquarters of Schwan-Stabilo.

It is in the Sebalder Reichswald, the forest north to Nuremberg and is on a ridge. The Gründlach, a side river of the Regnitz, flows through the village of Heroldsberg.

It contains Großgeschaidt, Kleingeschaidt and the villages of Heroldsberg, consisting of Heroldsberg, Johannisthal and Hundsmühle.

It is surrounded by Eckental, Lauf an der Pegnitz, Nuremberg and Kalchreuth.

Kalchreuth

Kalchreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 10 kilometers east of Erlangen and 15 kilometers north of Nuremberg and contains the villages of Kalchreuth, Käswasser and Röckenhof and also the hamlets of Stettenberg, Minderleinsmühle and Gabermühle.


Malian Football Federation

The Malian Football Federation (French:Fédération Malienne de Football) is the is the governing body of football in Mali. It is in charge of the men's and women´s national teams. The association was founded in 1960. It became member of the CAF (Confédération Africaine de Football) in 1963 and the FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association ) in 1964.

Veitsbronn

Veitsbronn is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Ammerndorf

Ammerndorf is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

It has 2192 residents.

Cadolzburg

Cadolzburg (outdated also "Kadolzburg", colloquially pronounced "Kalschbuʳch" or "Sporch" ) is a municipality in the Middle Franconian district of Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is west of Fürth. Its name comes from its central castle, first being mentioned in the year 1157.

The topography varies significantly in its height.

Neighboring Municipalities are: 


Cadolzburg consists of the city itself and 15 farther districts:

Massimo d'Azeglio

Massimo Taparelli, Marquess of Azeglio (24 October 1798 – 15 January 1866), commonly called Massimo d'Azeglio (), belonging to the high nobility, was a Piedmontese-Italian statesman, novelist and painter. He was Prime Minister of Sardinia for almost three years, until his rival Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour succeeded him. D'Azeglio was a moderate liberal who hoped for a federal union between Italian states. As Prime Minister, he consolidated the parliamentary system, getting the young king to accept his constitutional status, and worked hard for a peace treaty with Austria. Although himself a Roman Catholic, he introduced freedom of worship, supported public education, and sought to reduce the power of the clergy in local political affairs. As senator, following the annexation of the United Provinces of Central Italy, Azeglio attempted to reconcile the Vatican with the new Italian Kingdom. His brother Luigi Taparelli d'Azeglio was a Jesuit priest.





Schnaittach

Schnaittach is a market town in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Schnaittach is on the river Schnaittach, a tributary of the Pegnitz.


Alfeld, Bavaria

Alfeld is a municipality in the district of Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany. Alfeld has around 1100 residents (2013) and is famous for their traditional Kermesse which the people celebrate at the end of August every year.


Hersbruck

Hersbruck () is a small town in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany, belonging to the district Nürnberger Land. It is best known for the late-gothic artwork of the Hersbruck altar, the "Hirtenmuseum" and the landscape of Hersbruck Switzerland.


List of power stations in Azerbaijan

The following page lists all power stations in Azerbaijan.


Lauf an der Pegnitz

Lauf an der Pegnitz (; Northern Bavarian: "Lauf an da Pegnitz") is a town to the East of Nuremberg, Germany. It is the capital of the district Nürnberger Land, in Bavaria. It is in the valley of the River Pegnitz, which flows through the town.

In 2009, the municipality developed a climate protection plan which was supported by the German Ministry for the Environment.

Lauf an der Pegnitz is twinned with:


Gremsdorf

Gremsdorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Großenseebach

Großenseebach is a village in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria, in Germany.

Hemhofen

Hemhofen is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. 

Heßdorf

Heßdorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Höchstadt

Höchstadt an der Aisch, commonly known as Höchstadt (), is a town in the Erlangen-Höchstadt district, in Bavaria, Germany.
Höchstadt is on the river Aisch, 18 km northwest of Erlangen and 22 km south of Bamberg. Originally it was the capital of the Höchstadt district, but then it became part of the new Erlangen-Höchstadt district.

The town consists of 23 districts:

Lonnerstadt

Lonnerstadt is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Marloffstein

Marloffstein is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Möhrendorf

Möhrendorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Regnitz and the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal.

Mühlhausen, Middle Franconia

Mühlhausen is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Oberreichenbach, Bavaria

Oberreichenbach is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Röttenbach

Röttenbach is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

The neighboring villages surrounding Röttenbach are Adelsdorf, Baiersdorf, Heßdorf, and Hemhofen.

Spardorf

Spardorf is a small town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Uttenreuth

Uttenreuth is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria in Germany.

Uttenreuth is about east of Erlangen in the Schwabach valley.

Towns neighboring Uttenreuth are Dormitz (in the East), Neunkirchen am Brand (Northeast), Marloffstein (North), Spardorf (Northwest) and Buckenhof in the West. To the South, Uttenreuth borders a large forest, the Sebalder Reichswald.




Vestenbergsgreuth

Vestenbergsgreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Church of the Castle of Lierna Lake Como

The Church of the Castle of Lierna Lake Como known as the Church of the Kings of Italy is an antique Roman Catholic church in on the shore of Lake Como in Italy in Lierna, region of Lombardy, Italy. The Church is the place of foundation of the Order of the Savoy family of the Kings of Italy.

The church was founded around 1147 by the House of Savoy.

The church of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro is a small church in the Castello village in Lierna. Initially dedicated only to St. Maurice , it was then also dedicated to St. Lazarus, because of the pilgrimages to this church the faithful gave the name to the Swiss town of Sankt Moritz.

The small church of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro, documented as early as 1147, is located within the village of the Lierna Castle, whose ruins are still incorporated into the surrounding houses. On the sides of the entrance door are painted the effigies of Saints Maurice and Lazarus, dating back to the seventeenth century, and an oil altarpiece, also from that period, which represents "a Christ with Martha and Magdalene", while above the altar there is a wooden statue depicting San Maurizio. It was designed to perform its functions even during sieges, which is why the apse faces the lake as a protective bastion and access is within the castle walls.

The Chivalric Order of the House of Savoy, the Dynasty of the Kings of Italy and one of the oldest dynasties in Europe, was founded in the small and ancient medieval church of the Castle of Lierna, called the Church of San Maurizio and Lazzaro, initially San Maurizio (St. Moritz) in 1572 by King Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy. Only here could the Knights of the Kingdom of Italy be baptized and obtain the title of Knight of the Kingdom. For over 500 years there have been several families of international noble origins linked to Lierna, or who own properties here.
On the sides of the entrance door are painted the effigies of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro, dating back to the seventeenth century, and an oil altarpiece, also from that period, which represents "a Christ with Martha and Magdalene", while above the altar there is a wooden statue depicting San Maurizio. It was designed to perform its functions even during sieges, which is why the apse faces the lake as a protective bastion and access is within the castle walls.
Lierna Lake Como was the place of residence of the Empress Theodolinda, who built the Castle of Lierna, on the basis of a dwelling dating back to Ancient Rome, and would have lived there in the Lombard period, even after she was widowed by both Auteri and Agilufo. The queen of Italy Adelaide was secretly locked up in the castle of Lierna da Berengario to convince her to marry him. She was eventually freed by the monk Martino da Bellagio, and she was married in Germany to Emperor Otto I of Saxony, but she returned to the Castle Church of Lierna for a second wedding blessing ceremony. Queen Adelaide then continued to frequent Lierna in Italy also in the following eleven years with her husband who became Emperor of Rome.
The whole castle with the Church of the Lierna Castle, are conceived as a defensive military fortress, and the foundations date back to ancient Rome, scholars have recognized in the plan of the area of ​​the Church and of the Castle of Lierna a plan of Roman colonists with a measure of sixteen square feet divided into sixteen lots.
Amedeo VIII of Savoy established the Order of San Maurizio in the small church of the Lierna Castle in 1934, suppressed in 1439. In 1572 Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy, known as the Iron Head, re-founded the Chivalric Order of San Maurizio in the Church of the Castle of Lierna, and with the Papal Bull of Pope Gregory XIII he obtained the refoundation of the Order to which a few months later the hospital order of San Lazzaro di Capua was also joined. The small church of the Lierna Castle thus took the name of the Church of Saints Maurice and Lazarus.
The royals of various European countries in addition to the Savoy family, periodically go to the small church of the Lierna Castle on Lake Como in secret.
Prince Emanuele Filiberto di Savoia will publicly return in 2005 to visit the small church of the Lierna Castle in memory of his ancestors, donating a bell with the coat of arms of the House of Savoy.



Ranulf Flambard

Ranulf Flambard (1060-1128) was Bishop of Durham from 1099 until 1128 and an important figure under the reign of William Rufus.

Anne Fergusson

Anne Fergusson (born 11 October 1995) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player. She was a member of the Canada sitting volleyball team, at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

She competed at the 2015 Parapan American Games, where she won a bronze medal and 2019 Parapan American Games.

She graduated from graduated from Queens University.

Willi Graf

Willi Graf (January 2, 1918-October 12, 1943) was one of the six main members of the White Rose Resistance group, which was a group of university students based in Munich who opposed Hitler. Along with Hans Scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Christoph Probst, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber, Graf helped write six pamphlets criticizing Hitler and Nazi Germany. Graf was also the main recruiter for the white rose group, going out tirelessly to get others to join the resistance.

Willi Graf was born on January 2, 1918, in Kuchenheim near Euskirchen. In 1922, his family moved to Saarbrucken, where his father ran a wholesale wine business. Graf attended school at the "Ludwigsgymnasium". It was not long before he joined, at the age of eleven, the "Bund Neudeutschland", a Catholic youth movement for young men in schools of higher learning, which was banned after Hitler and the Nazis came to power in 1933. In 1934, Graf joined the "Grauer Orden" ("Grey Order"), another Catholic movement which became known for its anti-Nazi rhetoric. It, too, was banned and for this reason, it formed many splinter youth groups.

Graf showed conviction in his beliefs from a young age. Although compulsory at the time, he refused to associate with the Hitler Youth, even when he was threatened with becoming ineligible to go to University unless he joined the Hitler Youth. While other future members of the White Rose initially embraced the Hitler Youth, Graf never did so. Moreover, in his address book he crossed out the names of friends who had joined the Hitler Youth, refusing to associate with them. 

On February 18, 1943, Hans and Sophie Scholl went to the Munich University to distribute the sixth leaflet to the university students. They were captured by the Gestapo. At around midnight on February 18, the Gestapo captured Willi Graf at the apartment he shared with his sister. At his trial on April 19, 1943, Graf, along with Alexander Schmorell and Kurt Huber, was sentenced to death. Sophie, Hans, and Christopher had already been killed on February 22, 1943. After his trial, Willi was put into Solitary confinement. For about six months, he was kept there and tortured to make him give out the names of other White Rose members. He refused to give out names, even when the Gestapo threatened to capture his family if he didn’t comply. On October 12, 1943, Willi was brought out of his cell and straight to the guillotine. He was the last of the original members to be killed.

In a heartfelt last letter to his family he said:

"On this day I'm leaving this life and entering eternity. What hurts me most of all is that I am causing such pain to those of you who go on living. But strength and comfort you'll find with God and that is what I am praying for till the last moment. I know that it will be harder for you than for me. I ask you, Father and Mother, from the bottom of my heart, to forgive me for the anguish and the disappointment I've brought you. I have often regretted what I've done to you, especially here in prison. Forgive me and always pray for me! Hold on to the good memories... I could never say to you while alive how much I loved you, but now in the last hours I want to tell you, unfortunately only on this dry paper, that I love all of you deeply and that I have respected you. For everything that you gave me and everything you made possible for me with your care and love. Hold each other and stand together with love and trust... God's blessing on us, in Him we are and we live... I am, with love always, your Willi."

In 1999, Graf and Christoph Probst were included in the martyrology of the German Catholic Church. In 2017, Willi Graf was declared a Servant of God and his cause for beatification was opened up.

Alexander Schmorell

Alexander Schmorell (September 16, 1917-July 13, 1943) was one of the founders of the White Rose Resistance Movement in Nazi Germany. Along with Hans Scholl, Christoph Probst, Willi Graf, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber, Schmorell wrote and distributed six leaflets that criticized Hitler and Nazi Germany.

Alexander Schmorell was born on September 16, 1917, in Russia. His mother died from typhus was he was two years old. In 1920 his father, Hugo Schmorell, remarried. The family emigrated to Munich, Germany in 1921. Alexander was looked after by a Russian nanny as he grew up. As his nanny could only speak Russian, Alexander became bilingual, being able to speak both German and Russian fluently. Alexander was given the nickname "Schurik" when he was a child. It was a name that his friends called him for the rest of his short life.

After completing his "Arbitur" (the German equivilant of a High School diploma) Alexander was drafted into the "Wehrmacht" (The Nazi term for the Army). He was deployed multiple times over the next few years. In 1939, he began his medical studies in Hamburg. In 1940 he was transferred to Munich to continue his studies; while there he met Hans Scholl and Willi Graf.

In early 1942, Hans Scholl and Alexander began to write pamphlets denouncing Nazi Germany and Adolf Hitler. These pamphlets called for the end of the war, and urged the readers to "conduct passive resistance." Hans and Alexander called this group, "The White Rose." the origins of the name is not clear, although it has also been speculated that the name might have been taken from either the Cuban poet, Jose Marti's verse "Cultivo una rosa blanca" or the novel "Die Weiße Rose" ("The White Rose") by B. Traven, which Hans Scholl and Alex Schmorell had both read. In June-July 1942, Hans and Alexander wrote four seperate leaflets. On July 24, 1942, Hans, Alexander, and Willi Graf were shipped out to the Russian front. Their resistance activities resumed when they returned in November 1942.

Between November 1942 and January 1943, Willi Graf, Christoph Probst, Sophie Scholl and Kurt Huber joined the group.

Starting on February 18, 1943, the six main members of the White Rose we systematically captured by the Gestapo. After hearing of the arrests of his friends, Alexander attempted to escape Germany. Because of bad weather he was forced to turn back. On February 24, he was turned in to the Gestapo by a former friend of his. He was the last of the main White Rose members to be captured. His trial was on April 19, 1943. Alexander, as well as Kurt Huber and Willi Graf, were sentenced to death; Sophie and Hans Scholl, as well as Christopher Probst, had already been put to death. Schmorell was killed on July 13, 1943. His last words as he went to the guillotine were, "I'm convinced my life has to end now, early as it may seem, for I have fufilled my life's mission. I wouldn't know what else I have left to do on this earth."

In February 2012, Schmorell was canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church.

Christoph Probst

Christoph Probst (November 6, 1919-February 22, 1943) was one of the six core members of the White Rose Resistance Group. He was one of the later members to join. He played a passing role in the first four leaflets, but then began to distance himself from the group in order to protect his wife and three children. In late January 1943, Probst, who wanted to play a more pivotal role in the Resistance, asked Hans Scholl if there was anything he could do to help. Scholl, who at first was reluctant to allow Probst to take part in more of the risky activities because of his family, suggested that Probst write a draft of the Seventh leaflet. Probst happily did so, and gave it to Hans within a few days. This pamphlet was on Hans when he and his sister Sophie were arrested on February 18, 1943. Hans tried to tear it up, but it was taken from him before he could finish tearing it. The Gestapo traced the handwriting to Christoph, who was captured on February 20. On February 22, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were put on trial. The trial was resided over by Roland Freisler, a hard judge who gave death sentences to about 90% of the trials he presided over. When asked to speak, Christoph attempted to be released, stating that he suffered from a psychotic depression stemming from the fact that his wife was sick with child bed fever. When this tactic didn't work, he pleaded with the judge to spare him on account of his children. Freisler didn't listen to his plea, even when Hans Scholl offered to take all the punishment for Christoph if only Freisler would let Christoph go free. At around 2 pm, Freisler announced the verdict. Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were guilty. The punishment was death, to be carried out immediately that same day. Christoph was hustled to a prison cell, where he wrote his last letters. Christoph, who was technically not associated with any religion, although he had accepted Catholicism long ago, asked to be baptized into the Catholic faith before he died. For a few minutes before his death, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were allowed to be together for a short time. While there, Christoph is credited with saying, "I didn't know dying could be so easy." A few minutes after 5 pm. Christoph was put under the guillotine. He didn't get to see his wife or children before he died.

In 1999, Probst (who had been baptized as a Catholic just minutes before his death) was inducted in the martyrology of the German Catholic Church.

Province of Maryland

The Province of Maryland was an English colony that later became a British one. It existed from 1632 to 1776, when it joined the other Thirteen Colonies to fight against Great Britain. It is now a state of the United States called Maryland. Unlike the other colonies in the future united states, most settlers of the Province of Maryland were Roman Catholics, who had fled the European wars of religion. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore was the first Catholic diocese on American soil, the Baltimore Basilica was the first cathedral. The Maryland Toleration Act, signed 1649, was the first act that tolerated other Christian religious groups. 


Vittore Grubicy de Dragon

Vittore Grubicy de Dragon (15 October 1851 – 4 August 1920) was an Italian painter, art critic and art gallery owner who was largely responsible for introducing into Italian painting the optical theories of Divisionism. His writings and paintings influenced a generation of late 19th-century Italian painters. In addition, the Grubicy Gallery became one of the first art enterprises to be run on the concept of exhibiting living artists that were represented as clients of the gallery.



Radical Sportcars

Radical Sportscar is a British company that makes racing cars. The company was founded by amateur drivers and engineers in January 1997.

Kurt Huber

Kurt Huber (October 24, 1898–July 13, 1943) was the last of the main members to join the White Rose Resistance group. Huber, along with Hans Scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Christoph Probst, Willi Graf, and Sophie Scholl, wrote pamphlets criticizing Hitler and Nazi Germany. Kurt Huber was the sole author of the sixth (and final) leaflet. Starting on February 18, 1943, the six main members of the White Rose we systematically captured by the Gestapo. At Kurt Huber’s trial on April 19, 1943, Professor Huber, as well as Willi Graf and Alexander Schmorell, were sentenced to death. (Sophie, Hans, and Christoph had already been put to death on February 22, 1943.) Kurt Huber was executed on July 13, 1943. After his death the sixth pamphlet, which Huber wrote almost exclusively, was smuggled into Great Britain, where it was copied en masse and thrown down on Germany from Allied Planes in July 1943.

Clifford the Big Red Dog (franchise)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an animated and live action film series from "Clifford the Big Red Dog" by Norman Bridwell.

"Main article: Clifford's Really Big Movie"

"Main article: Clifford the Big Red Dog"

Sarcohyla calvicollina

The Cerro Pelón tree frog ("Sarcohyla calvicollina") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it in two pages: 2519 and 2712 meters above sea level on Cerro Pelón in Oaxaca.

Scientists saw this frog in streams with rocky bottoms in cloud forests.

Scientists say this frog is in big danger of dying out. They think the frogs might all be dead already because no scientist has seen one since 1980. Scientists are not sure how the frogs died, but they do know that the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis", which can kill frogs and other amphibians, came to the place where the frog lived. Other frogs that live in streams have also caught the disease chytridiomycosis. Human beings have also cut down the forests where the frogs live to make farms and get wood to build with.

Clifford's Really Big Movie

Clifford's Really Big Movie is a 2004 American animated adventure comedy film based on the PBS Kids TV series "Clifford the Big Red Dog", itself an adaptation of the book series of the same name by Norman Bridwell. This film was directed by Robert Ramirez, produced by Scholastic Entertainment and Big Red Dog Productions, and originally released to theaters by Warner Bros. Pictures on February 20, 2004. The film depicts Clifford joining a traveling animal show known as "Larry's Amazing Animals" with his best friends. Larry Gablegobble (Judge Reinhold), the presenter of the animal show, doesn't allow animals who have owners, so they pretend their dog tags are fake.


Social media marketing

Social media marketing is the use of social media platforms and websites to promote a product or service. Although the terms e-marketing and digital marketing are still dominant in academia, social media marketing is becoming more popular for both practitioners and researchers.

Clifford the Big Red Dog (book series)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an American children's book series. It is about a giant red dog named Clifford. It was first published in 1963 and was written by Norman Bridwell. Clifford is Scholastic's official mascot.


Karl-Lorimar Home Video released the video "Clifford's Sing Along Adventure" around 1986. Warner Home Video re-released it in the mid-1990s.

In 1988, Scholastic Studios, Film Roman, Nelvana Limited, TMS Entertainment, Wang Film Productions, and Family Home Entertainment released "Clifford's Fun With", a videotape series with a theme song composed by Phillip Namanworth and Benjamin Goldstein. The episodes on the release are: "The ABC Message Service", "Clifford's Birthday Surprise", "The Scavenger Hunt", "The Rhyme Cat Rescue", "Clifford Goes to Hollywood", and "The Pet Show". Musician Brent Titcomb was the voice of Clifford, and actress Alyson Court was the voice of Emily Elizabeth. In the late 1990s, a television station in Spain aired the direct-to-video series for a short period of time.

Scholastic Media produced a 65-episode adaptation shown on PBS Kids. It aired from September 2000 to February 2003. Clifford was voiced by actor John Ritter. Emily Elizabeth was voiced by Grey DeLisle. There was also a 39-episode prequel series that took place during Clifford's puppyhood. It aired from September 2003 to February 2006. Lara Jill Miller was the voice of Young Clifford. During that time, a movie released in theaters served as the show's finale. It was released in February 2004. No new episodes were released after John Ritter's death. In December 2019, a new series was released. It premiered on December 6, 2019 for Amazon Prime Video and December 7, 2019 on PBS Kids. Adam Sanders voices Clifford and Hannah Levinson voices Emily Elizabeth. 

Man's Favorite Sport?

Man's Favorite Sport? is a 1964 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Rock Hudson, Paula Prentiss, Maria Perschy, Charlene Holt, John McGiver, Roscoe Karns, Norman Alden, Forrest Lewis. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Brookfield, New Hampshire

Brookfield is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 755 people lived there.

Don Kojis

Donald R. Kojis (January 15, 1939 – November 19, 2021) was an American professional basketball player. He played twelve seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) between 1961 until 1975. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He played for Baltimore Bullets, Detroit Pistons, Chicago Bulls, San Diego Rockets, Seattle SuperSonics and the Kansas City-Omaha Kings.

Kojis died on November 19, 2021 in Julian, California ​at the age of 81.

Julian, California

Julian is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,768.

Kodiak bear

The Kodiak bear ("Ursus arctos middendorffi"), also known as the Kodiak brown bear, sometimes the Alaskan brown bear, live in the islands of the Kodiak Archipelago in southwest Alaska. It is the largest recognized subspecies or population of the brown bear, and one of the two largest bears alive today, the other being the polar bear.

Noah Gordon

Noah Gordon (November 11, 1926 – November 22, 2021) was an American novelist. He reported for the "Worcester Telegram" until he was hired by the "Boston Herald" in 1959.

Gordon died on November 22, 2021, at the age of 95.



ENA (web series)

Ena (Stylized as ENA or ƎNA) is an surrealist animated web series on YouTube and Newgrounds, created by the animator Joel Guerra from Peru. The episodes centre around the main character, Ena, a girl with many personalities. The series features both traditional and computer-generated animation. Ena's character design is inspired by Picasso's "Girl before a Mirror".

Trouble in the Glen

Trouble in the Glen is a 1954 British comedy movie directed by Herbert Wilcox and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Maurice Welsh. It stars Margaret Lockwood, Orson Welles, Forrest Tucker, Victor McLaglen, John McCallum, Jack Watling, Eddie Byrne and was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Tokyo Metro Museum

The Tokyo Metro Museum is a railway museum in Edogawa Ward, Tokyo, Japan. Metro Cultural Foundation is the caretaker of the museum. It is an organization of the Tokyo Metro which does not work for any profit. The museum is 100 meters away from Kasai Station.

Visitors enter the museum through a subway ticket gate. Then they go through a section of an underground line. This line was the first underground line of Tokyo. It was opened in 1927 between Ueno and Asakusa. As of 2021, it is a part of the Ginza Line.

The museum presents some examples of the rolling stock used in the Tokyo metro system. It displays a car from an Eidan 300 train that ran on the Marunouchi line. It also displays a car from an Eidan 1000 train that ran on the Ginza line.

The museum has seven main exhibit spaces that explain,

Driving simulators are also available for visitors to try.

As soon as visitors enter through a subway automatic ticket gate, they see an exhibit on the relationship between the city and the subway over the years. They also see the reconstruction of the Ueno station, as it is in 1927.
The next exhibit focus upon the construction of the subway tunnels and the safety of the lines. It exhibits details about the anti-flood system, the traffic-control system, power control centres and how the disaster prevention centre work.

The next section of the museum displays a Series 100 subway car. The museum allows visitors to enter the cab and use various car controls including the motors, the brakes and the pantograph. Scale examples show the electrical collection system used by the subway and the third rail. It also shows the working examples of electric motors and brakes. In the next section of the museum, there are real simulators. These simulators are used for the training of metro staff. Visitors can try one of three simulators under the guidance of museum staff.

The museum has a lecture hall and a lounge. It also has a library with a collection of subway-related works.

Sarcohyla siopela

The voiceless tree frog or mute tree frog ("Sarcohyla siopela") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it 2500 and 2550 meters above sea level.

The vinegar tasters

The Vinegar tasters (三酸圖, three sips; 嘗醋翁 or old men tasting vinegar; 嘗醋圖, 尝醋图), is an allegoric picture that represents Confucianism, Buddhism and the Taoism, favorably with the last one and critically with the other two.

In the picture, three men are dipping a finger in a vinegar pot and tasting it. One of the men reacts with a sour expression, other reacts with a bitter expression and the last one reacts with a sweet expression. The three men are representations of Confucius, Gautama Buddha and Laozi and represent the three greatest Chinese philosophical traditions and the predominant attitude towards life of each one of them.

Confucianism sees life like something sour that needs rules to correct the degeneration of the people's attitudes. Buddhism sees life like a bitter experience, full of fear and pain. Taoism, however, doesn't waste time valuing life, it simply sees things as they are in their natural state and accepts them as they are.

Other interpretation of the painting is one called "three teachings in one".



Rosa Canales

Rosa Bolivia Canales Cevallos (1974– 2 May 2020) was an Ecuadorian football referee. ​  She was the first female referee of Ecuadorian football.

In 1998 he debuted, at the age of 19, in professional football assisting in the first and second division of the Ecuadorian football championship. He also refereed in matches of the Copa Libertadores de América,at the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Cup in Thailand and the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup in China.​

In 2013, she retired from professional refereeing, and worked as an instructor for referees in the province of Guayas.​

In November 2019, she was diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease. She died on 2 June 2020.

Manuel Menezes

Manuel Menezes (1922 – 15 June 1996) was an Indian business executive, chairman of the Indian Railway Board.

Menezes was a Goan engineer, who worked for India's Railway Board, eventually rising to be chairman, and holding the rank of a principal secretary in the Indian civil service.

He died on 15 June 1996.

He was the father of Michael Menezes, Marisa Mascarenhas, Ivan Menezes, CEO of Diageo, and Victor Menezes, former senior vice chairman of Citigroup.

Wachenroth

Wachenroth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Wachenroth is in the valley of the Reiche Ebrach river, a left tributary of the Regnitz river, at the southern end of the Steigerwald, about 20 kilometers northwest of Erlangen.



Weisendorf

Weisendorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It belongs to the administrative region of Middle Franconia.

Weisendorf is 15 km west of Erlangen.

Weisendorf is near the motorway A3 (Frankfurt am Main-Regensburg). The next railroad station is in Erlangen (c. 15 km). The Nuremberg Airport (c. 30 km) provides access to many cities in Europe and the rest of the world.


Dormitz

Dormitz is a Bavarian municipality in the district of Forchheim (Upper Franconia), and the administrative headquarters of the Dormitz community, which includes the parishes of Kleinsendelbach and Hetzles.

Effeltrich

Effeltrich is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Eggolsheim

Eggolsheim is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Eggolsheim has twelve other villages within its municipal area:

Egloffstein

Egloffstein is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

The village of Egloffstein is a state-recognised climatic spa and is in the valley of the Trubach river on the hillside beneath the castle.

Its neighbouring communities (clockwise from the north) are:

Gößweinstein, Obertrubach, Gräfenberg, Leutenbach, Pretzfeld

Egloffstein is divided into 16 parishes:

Gößweinstein

Gößweinstein is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is within the region known as Franconian Switzerland.


Wichsenstein

Wichsenstein is a village in the municipality of Gößweinstein in the Upper Franconian county of Forchheim in Germany.

Wichsenstein is high up in the hills of Franconian Switzerland between the city of Nuremberg and the towns of Forchheim and Bayreuth about six kilometres southwest of Gößweinstein and fourteen kilometres east of Forchheim. The Wichsenstein Rock ("Wichsensteiner Fels") towers over the centre of the village. It may be climbed using steps and, at a height of , offers panoramic views over Franconian Switzerland.

The independent parish of Wichsenstein was broken up on 1 May 1978. The majority of its more than 500 residents with the villages of Wichsenstein, Altenthal, Hardt, Sattelmannsburg and Ühleinshof were incorporated into the market town ("Markt") of Gößweinstein. The villages of Eberhardstein, Pfaffenloh and Urspring with around 50 residents joined Markt Pretzfeld.


Obertrubach

Obertrubach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Bavua Ntinu André

Bavua Ntinu André (March 22, 1939 - October 5, 2013) was a martial art practitioner and initiator of Japanese sports (Karate and Judo) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, he is considered as the Great Master Bavua Ntinu Decantor, who founded of the National School of Martial Arts (EMAM) and the Spiritual Power of the Verb (PSV) which he was supreme chief and first spiritual leader of the organization.


Puissance spirituelle du verbe

The Puissance spirituelle du verbe (PSV), in english: "Spiritual Power of the Verb", is a spiritual organization in Africa. The main goal of the organization is the awakening of the black man.. Bavua Ntinu (1939-2013) started the organization in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on February 23, 1980. Today it can be found in four African countries

It is an initiatory order. This means that people join it by initiation. The group tries to cause the spiritual purification of all that exists. This is done by cleaning all the bodies of a person, the spiritual, astral and physical, at the same time. It is done using sound and divine light. Techniques and codes are used which allow contact with any entity existing . According to Ntinu, there have been no spiritual masters and true prophets in the black race for years. To him, this explains their ignorance of the size of the universe.

The Outlaw

The Outlaw is a 1943 American western movie. It was directed by Howard Hughes and starring Jack Buetel, Jane Russell, Thomas Mitchell, Walter Huston, Mimi Aguglia, Joe Sawyer. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Leutenbach, Bavaria

Leutenbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Pretzfeld

Pretzfeld is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in the south-western part of Upper Franconia, in Franconian Switzerland. The region is known for growing and processing fruit. Of the about 2500 ha total area, 1100 ha are forest. The town of Pretzfeld is in the west of the municipality, near the confluence of the Trubach and the Wiesent.

The Pretzfeld municipality has 13 districts:

Hallerndorf

Hallerndorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Hausen, Upper Franconia

Hausen is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Heroldsbach

Heroldsbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.


Hetzles

Hetzles is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. The Municipality Hetzles contains the villages of Hetzles and Honings.

Hiltpoltstein

Hiltpoltstein is a market village in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. At its centre is Hiltpoltstein Castle.

Igensdorf

Igensdorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Igensdorf is twinned with:


Kirchehrenbach

Kirchehrenbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Kleinsendelbach

Kleinsendelbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is about 17 Kilometers south of the town of Forchheim and 15 Kilometers to the east of the city of Erlangen, and is part of the administration community Dormitz.

Kunreuth

Kunreuth is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

The town is the place of Schloss Kunreuth. Since the 14th century the castle has belonged to the family of the Counts and Barons von Egloffstein who have also owned Egloffstein Castle since the 12th century.

Langensendelbach

Langensendelbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany with a population of over 3100. The village Bräuningshof is a part of Langensendelbach.

Bräuningshof

Bräuningshof is a district of Langensendelbach in the Upper Franconian district of Forchheim. It is between the cities of Erlangen and Forchheim. In this formerly rural town, most of the residents go to work in Erlangen today.

The name of the village Bräuningshof was first mentioned with Bruningeshoven in 1158. It is traced back to the family name "Bräuning" or "Bruning", which at that time often occurred in Franconia.

Pinzberg

Pinzberg is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Pinzberg is in the region Upper Franconia west.

The following districts exist: Dobenreuth, Gosberg, Pinzberg, Elsenberg.

Poxdorf

Poxdorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Unterleinleiter

Unterleinleiter is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Weilersbach

Weilersbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Weißenohe

Weißenohe is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenthau

Wiesenthau is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenttal

Wiesenttal is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenttal is divided into 21 parishes:


Muggendorf (Wiesenttal)

Muggendorf is a village in municipality Wiesenttal in Franconian Switzerland, Bavaria, Germany.

The village is on the river Wiesent 304 m above mean sea level.

Trainmeusel

Trainmeusel is a village in the Upper Franconian market municipality of Wiesenttal in the district of Forchheim in the German state of Bavaria.

The village is within the Franconian Switzerland-Veldenstein Forest Nature Park, about 1.3 kilometres southwest of Muggendorf on a Jurassic plateau of the Franconian Jura. The village may be reached by car from Muggendorf on the "Kreisstrasse" FO35. Its neighbouring villages in clockwise order are Muggendorf, Wohlmannsgesees, and Birkenreuth.

Allershausen

Allershausen is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Attenkirchen

Attenkirchen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Au in der Hallertau

The municipality of Au in der Hallertau is in the north of the district of Freising and in the southern part of the Hallertau, in Bavaria, Germany. Au is famous for its important role in hop planting and hop distribution.

Eching, Freising

Eching is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Eching is 18 km north of Munich (centre) and 15 km southwest of Freising.

The municipality Eching has existed since 1978 and consists of "Eching", "Günzenhausen", "Ottenburg", "Deutenhausen", "Dietersheim" and "Gut Hollern". "Hollern" (to the west of the federal road B 13) has been incorporated with Unterschleißheim since 1990.


Fahrenzhausen

Fahrenzhausen is a municipality located on the river Amper in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. The town is about 30 Kilometers north of Munich. 

Fahrenzhausen has several villages in its community: Appercha, Bachenhausen, Bergfeld, Grosseisenbach, Grossnöbach, Jarzt, Kammerberg, Lauterbach, Unterbruck, Viehbach and Weng. 


Kammerberg (Fahrenzhausen)

Kammerberg is village within the municipality of Fahrenzhausen in the district of Freising (Upper Bavaria), Germany.

Kammerberg is surrounded by the neighboring villages of Gramling, Giebing, Kollbach, Weißling, Lauterbach, Bachenhausen and Viehbach. The B13 runs about one kilometer east of Kammerberg. The Kammerberger Forest, locally called 'Hiakl', connects to the south. The Rettenbach creek flows west of Kammerberg. The area is surrounded by forests, streams and agricultural farmland.

Viehbach (Fahrenzhausen)

Viehbach is a village in the municipality of Fahrenzhausen in the district of Freising (Upper Bavaria, Germany).


Freising

Freising () is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and the capital of the Freising "Landkreis" (district), with a population of about 50,000.

Freising is the oldest town between Regensburg and Bolzano and is in Upper Bavaria north of Munich, near Munich International Airport, on the Isar river. There are two hills, the cathedral hill with the bishop's castle and Freising cathedral, and Weihenstephan Hill with Weihenstephan Abbey, the oldest working brewery in the world. It was also the first recorded place of a European tornado. The city is 448 meters above sea level. 


Quarter (urban subdivision)

A quarter is a section of an urban settlement. 


Gwenpool

Gwenpool is a character produced by Marvel Comics in 2016. Gwendolyn Poole is a girl transported from real life to the Marvel Universe.

Sammy Going South

Sammy Going South also known as A Boy Ten Feet Tall is a 1963 British South African adventure movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick and, based on the 1961 novel of the same name by W. H. Canaway. It stars Edward G. Robinson, Constance Cummings, Harry H. Corbett, Paul Stassino, Zia Mohyeddin, Zena Walker, Jack Gwillim, Glyn Owen and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Anna Ascends

Anna Ascends is a 1922 American silent romantic drama movie directed by Victor Fleming and was based on the 1920 play of the same name by Henry Chapman Ford. It stars Alice Brady, Robert Ellis, David Powell, Nita Naldi, Charles K. Gerrard and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Qin-Lian Yue

Qin–Lian (Hamlim, ) is a southern branch of Yue Chinese spoken in the coastal part of Guangxi, which is represented by four traditional cities Qinzhou, Lianzhou, Lingshan and Fangcheng () or by three modern prefecture-level cities Qinzhou, Beihai and Fangcheng ().

Power Rangers Beast Morphers

Power Rangers Beast Morphers is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2019-2020. It aired from March 2 to December 12 2019-2020 with 44 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters". It is a sequel to "Power Rangers Ninja Steel". It is also the sequel season to "Power Rangers RPM". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers Dino Fury" started from 2021-2022.

Scientists in the city of Coral Harbor have discovered a way to convert the infinite power of the Morphin Grid into a physical substance called "Morph-X", providing the city with
a source of unlimited clean energy. To protect this city, a secret agency known as Grid Battleforce combines Morph-X with animal DNA to create a new team of Power Rangers. Now the
Beast Morpher Rangers: Devon Daniels, Ravi Shaw, and Zoey Reeves must defend the Morphin Grid from Evox, an evil sentient computer virus from another dimension and his evil avatar clones of original Ranger candidates Blaze and Roxy, who were rendered comatose. After the three of them of transported to the Cyber Dimension, Evox, Cybervillain Blaze, and Cybervillain Roxy gain its de facto ruler Scrozzle as an ally as he helps them in their plan to return Evox to Earth.

As the Rangers battle Evox's robot monsters, they gain two new additions to the team: Nate Silva, the head researcher and scientist of Grid Battleforce who becomes the Gold
Ranger and Steel, a robot Nate was forced to create as a body for Evox, who gains sentience and becomes the Silver Ranger.

In the second season, Evox possesses Mayor Daniels and plots to finish when he started with the help of Scrozzle, who uses a machine to revive the Blaze and Roxy avatars as
robots. Along the way, the Rangers uncover Evox's true origins and receive help from the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Power Rangers Dino Thunder, and Power Rangers Dino Charge Rangers as well as allies of the Power Rangers RPM Rangers to defeat Evox and his minions once and for all.









Tilly Edinger

Johanna Gabrielle Ottilie "Tilly" Edinger (13 November 1897 – 27 May 1967) was a German-American paleontologist and the founder of paleoneurology.

Tilly used fossil skulls to study the brains of extinct animals. She discovered that brain matter left imprints on skulls and this was the basis of her publications.

Sarcohyla sabrina

The Sierra Juarez tree frog ("Sarcohyla sabrina") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1580 and 2020 meters above sea level.

Gammelsdorf

Gammelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.


Haag an der Amper

Haag an der Amper is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Hallbergmoos

Hallbergmoos is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. Isar River flows west of the town.


Hohenkammer

Hohenkammer is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Hörgertshausen

Hörgertshausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Kirchdorf an der Amper

Kirchdorf an der Amper is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria Germany, on the Amper River.

Kranzberg

Kranzberg is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Langenbach, Bavaria

Langenbach is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

The town has its own railway station on the Munich-Regensburg line, and is on Landesstraße (state road) 2350 between Freising and Moosburg. Its boroughs are Amperhof, Asenkofen, Großenviecht, Kleinviecht, Niederhummel, Oberbach, Oberhummel, Oftlfing, Rast, Schmidhausen und Windham.


Marzling

Marzling is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Bozo: The World's Most Famous Clown

Bozo: The World's Most Famous Clown is a 1958–1962 American television series for children. The series is based on the children's record book, "Bozo the Clown" by Capitol Records. The series was created by Larry Harmon Pictures. It began syndication in 1958. Lou Scheimer, of Filmation fame, was the art director for the series. The voice actors include Larry Harmon as Bozo and Paul Frees as the narrator.

A total of 157 five-minute shorts were made. Ewenty were made in September 15, 1958, eighty-five in June 23, 1959 and fifty-two in May 10, 1962.

The series is about the adventures of Bozo and his adolescent sidekick Butch. It is about their journey to crazy, wild and exciting places.

Meraux, Louisiana

Meraux is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Luling, Louisiana

Luling is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bohemia, New York

Bohemia is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 9,852 at the 2020 census.

Bohemia is bordered by Central Islip and Great River to the west; Islandia, Ronkonkoma and Lake Ronkonkoma to the north; Holbrook to the east; and Oakdale, Sayville, West Sayville, and Bayport to the south.

The school district in the town is the Connetquot School District. The zip code is 11716 and the telephone area code is 631.

The town is near the Oakdale and Ronkonkoma rail road stations of the Long Island Rail Road, providing easy access to Manhattan where many residents work.

Long Island MacArthur Airport is partially in Bohemia (along with the bordering town of Ronkonkoma, New York). The airport serves travelers from the Greater New York Metropolitan Area and around the nation who want a more convenient alternative to the congestion at JFK and Laguardia airports. The airport's most popular destinations include: Orlando, Florida; Chicago, Illinois; West Palm Beach, Florida; and Las Vegas, Nevada.

Connetquot River State Park is in Bohemia. The park provides areas for horses.

The earliest natives of Bohemia were the Secatogue tribe of the Algonquian peoples.

Bohemia was founded in 1855 by Slavic immigrants.

For 100 years, Bohemia remained a very small village. At the time of the centennial in 1955, the population was about 3,000. Today there about 11,000 inhabitants from many national and ethnic backgrounds.

Immigrants that came to Bohemia had good cigar-making skills. There used to be several cigar making factories in the town. Two notable cigar factories were Albert Kovanda's factory, on the corner of Lakeland and Smithtown Avenues, and the M. Foster Cigar Factory, at Ocean Avenue and Church Street. The local cigar industry continued until the 1930s.

Over the years, there have been a number of attempts to change the name of Bohemia, which some people felt was too tied to one ethnic group. They felt this was keeping new people and new businesses from coming to the town. Proposed names have included: Sayville Heights or North Sayville, after the town immediately to the south; Lidice, after a Czech town destroyed by Nazi troops during World War II; and MacArthur, after the airport built in the 1940s (the airport is named for controversial American General Douglas MacArthur). None of the attempts to change the name received enough support for the change.

Bohemia is in New York at (40.770042, −73.113760).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of .

Bohemia Historical Society (BHS) was founded in 1984. This non-profit local organization provides classes, slide presentations, community activities, a newsletter, its own website and its own museum. The museum was opened on April 26, 2009, and it has on display a number of exhibits depicting life in the early days of Bohemia, a photograph collection, and a book collection that includes many historical Czech manuscripts. Additionally, the building is the BHS's meeting place.

Connetquot River State Park Preserve hosts 3,473 acres of land and water for the protection and propagation of game birds, fish and animals. The preserve has 50 miles of hiking, horseback riding, cross-country ski and nature trails, as well as fishing on the Connetquot River.

District: Connetquot School District

High School: Connetquot High School, grades 9–12

Elementary: Sycamore Avenue School, Edward J. Bosti Elementary, Idle Hour Elementary and John Pearl Elementary, grades K-5

Grades 6–8 are serviced by the Oakdale-Bohemia Middle School, in neighboring Oakdale, New York (formerly known as Oakdale-Bohemia Junior High School). Another middle school is Ronkonkoma Middle School.

The Branford Hall Career Institute is located on Johnson Avenue

The Dellacave Institute for Professional Development is located on Sycamore Avenue. The Institute offers a wide variety of courses designed for continued professional growth for lifetime learners.

The climate in this area has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Bohemia has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.


Osman I

Osman I or Osman Gazi (; or "Osman Gazi"; died 1323/4) was the founder of the Ottoman Empire (first known as the Ottoman Beylik or Emirate). While initially a small Turkoman principality during Osman's lifetime, his beylik transformed into a world empire in the centuries after his death. It existed until shortly after the end of World War I.

Hamlet (New York)

In New York, a hamlet is a community that is not incorporated as a village, i.e. an unincorporated community. Hamlets usually have names based off of a local school district, post office, or fire district. Because a hamlet has no government of its own, the town it is in provides municipal services and government.

Suffolk County makes maps that give hamlet boundaries, but towns with Suffolk County also publish maps that conflict both in the number of hamlets and their boundaries. Nevertheless, all land not within a village is administered by the town.

Most of the rest of New York's hamlets have less defined boundaries, and most towns have areas that are not considered to be a part of any hamlet. The New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) puts hamlet names on rectangular green signs with white lettering at roadside locations of its choosing. The NYSDOT and local governments also provide community identification signs on some scenic byways to be placed at the roadside boundaries of hamlets, as decided by the sign provider. Many hamlets have welcome signs at the gateways to the hamlets.

Some hamlets are former villages that have ended their incorporation (Old Forge in Herkimer County; Rosendale, in Ulster County; and Andes in Delaware County, for example).

Elena Flerova

Elena Nikolaevna Fljorova (; 19 December 1943 – 30 June 2020) was a Soviet and Russian artist. She was a member of the Artists' Union of the USSR since 1977 and became Honorary member of the Russian Academy of Arts in 2007.

She died on 30 June 2020.

Irina Aleksandrovna Tyulina

Irina Aleksandrovna Tyulina (Russian: Ири́на Алекса́ндровна Тю́лина; 3 February 1922 – 29 June 2020) was a Soviet and Russian historian of science. She is a recipient of the Medal "For Courage" (Russia) and the Order of the Patriotic War.
She graduated from Moscow State University. She taught at Moscow State University. She died in Moscow on 29 June 2020, aged 98.


Juliana Fariña González

Juliana Fariña González (21 April 1946 – 29 June 2020) was a Spanish physician.

She graduated from Complutense University of Madrid. She developed echopsy, a form of autopsy using ultrasound.

She taught at the Complutense University of Madrid.

Fariña González died in Madrid on 29 June 2020.

Arja Tuomarila

Arja Tuomarila (18 July 1941 – 27 June 2020) was a Finnish television announcer, singer and flight attendant.

She married Kai Lind.

She died on 27 June 2020.

Mauern

Mauern is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Moosburg an der Isar

Moosburg an der Isar is a town in the "Landkreis" Freising of Bavaria, Germany.

The oldest town between Regensburg and Italy, it is on the river Isar at an altitude of 421 m (1381 ft). It has 18,033 residents (2016) and covers an area of 44 km. It is easily reached by the A 92 autobahn and regional trains on the Munich–Regensburg line. Furthermore, it takes just 20 minutes to get to Munich Airport.

Moosburg is popular with commuters who travel to Munich, Freising, and Munich Airport. There is considerable industry in the town consisting of chemical, electro-technical, food processing, and machine-building plants.




Nandlstadt

Nandlstadt is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. Nandlstadt is said to be the oldest hop-growing area in the world, having grown them since the year 860. The town is in a triangle between Freising, Moosburg and Mainburg.

Neufahrn bei Freising

Neufahrn bei Freising () is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 20,000 residents and is near the river Isar, 12 km southwest of Freising and 20 km northeast of Munich.

It is a stop on the Munich–Regensburg line and is served by S1 trains, running from Munich to Freising.


Paunzhausen

Paunzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Rudelzhausen

Rudelzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Wang, Bavaria

Wang is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Wolfersdorf

Wolfersdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Zolling

Zolling is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Freising.
Associated villages are: Anglberg, Flitzing, Thann, Palzing, Oberappersdorf, and Appersdorf.

Zolling is 6 km to the north of Freising.

Oberappersdorf

Oberappersdorf is a village in the municipality of Zolling, Bavaria, Germany. The St. George Church in Oberappersdorf is allied with churches St. Valentine (Gerlhausen) and Obermarchenbach. 
The town is about 7 km north of Zolling, 15 km north of Freising and about 58 km northeast of Munich. Nearby towns include Attenkirchen, Moosburg, Nandlstadt and Au in Hallertau. The town's largest business is the Obermeier party house and hotel.


Mainburg

Mainburg is a town in Kelheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Abens, 30 km northwest of Landshut and 30 km southeast of Ingolstadt.

Mainburg borders four communities; Aiglsbach, Elsendorf, Attenhofen, and Volkenschwand. The town has 15,163 residents, the third largest in its district.

Chinese ceramics

Chinese ceramics are ceramics that have been made in China. Some of these were made as early as the Stone Age.

The earliest Chinese ceramics were earthenware. Stoneware are produced at higher temperatures and are watertight.

Porcelain was invented in China. Porcelain gifts became important gifts from Chinese diplomats. Porcelain became an important export.

The pottery of the Song dynasty has kept prestige in Chinese tradition, especially the pottery from the "Five Great Kilns" (see Kiln).


Fourth inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

The fourth inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the 32nd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1945. It was the start of the fourth and final term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president and the only term of Harry S. Truman as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the South Portico of the White House in Washington, D.C., instead of the United States Capitol. This was because of World War II. The inaugural parade and other events were canceled as well. The event was the 40th presidential inauguration. 

This was the one and only time that a president has ever been sworn in to a fourth term in office. After the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed in 1951, this meant that no person could be elected more than twice as president.

Chief Justice Harlan F. Stone administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. Henry A. Wallace administered the vice presidential oath of office to Truman. 

82 days into his term, Roosevelt died, and Truman became the next president.


Assassination of Malcolm X

Malcolm X, an African American Muslim minister and human rights activist was killed in Manhattan, New York City on February 21, 1965 at the age 39 by three gunmen.

Malcolm X was preparing to address the Organization of Afro-American Unity in Manhattan's Audubon Ballroom, someone yelled "Nigger! Get your hand outta my pocket!" Malcolm X's bodyguards tried to stop the disturbance, a man ran and shot Malcolm in the chest with a sawn off shotgun and two other men fired semi automatic handguns towards Malcolm.

Malcolm X was pronounced dead at 3:30 pm, shortly after arriving at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital. The autopsy identified 21 gunshot wounds to the chest, left shoulder, arms and legs, including ten buckshot wounds from the initial shotgun blast.

A30

The A30 is a route connecting Lands End to London, it is 284 miles long and passes through various major destinations, such as London and Basingstoke.

Ek Villain Returns

Ek Villain Returns is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Mohit Suri and jointly produced by Balaji Motion Pictures and T-Series. The movie is a spiritual sequel to Suri's 2014 film "Ek Villain" although its storyline is completely different. "Ek Villain Returns" stars John Abraham, Arjun Kapoor, Disha Patani and Tara Sutaria and Raaj Vishwakarma in lead roles. The film released on July 8, 2022.

The story starts from Ek Villain, 8 years ago, Rakesh Mahadkar, a man, who is a serial killer, murderer of 19 girls has lost his wife for killing another woman. His son Manish was adopted by Guru. but after 8 years another serial killer has taken birth in Mumbai.

A masked intruder barges into an apartment complex, where he attacks and kills a singer named Aarvi Malhotra. The cops deduce that the attack was orchested by Gautham Mehra, who is the son of a businessman named Devesh Mehra. 

Flashback: Gautham is a spoilt brat, who is berated by his father for having created a commotion at Gautham's ex-girlfriend's wedding, where the commotion video is made into a rap song by Aarvi. Due to this, Gautham plans vengeance against Aarvi by pretending to be in love with her and also helps her by scaring her rival Kiran. Aarvi falls for Gautham where she reveals about her father Balkrishnan Shastri, a popular singer, who had an extramartial affair with her mother, but didn't accept either as he already had a family. She tells Gautam that her main goal is to make her father accept her as his daughter by becoming a famous singer. However, Aarvi's childhood photos are leaked by Gautam, where Shastri publicly rejects her as his daughter. Aarvi learns about Gautam's act and ploy, which leaves her heartbroken. Three months after his breakup with Aarvi, Gautam regains his lifestyle, but goes through a phase of self-destruction and redemption, eventually realizing his love for Aarvi when he gets attacked and injured by his ex-girlfriend's husband. Aarvi takes care of Gautam, where he pleads for a chance that he will change himself, but Aarvi leaves with a heavy heart. 

Present: Gautham escapes from the cops headed by ex-CBI officer and DCP Aditya Rathore. ACP V. K. Ganesan surmises that Gautam hasn't killed Aarvi. Later, the cops interrogate a suspect named Bhairav Purohit as Aarvi's phone number was found in Bhairav's phone, but he denies the crime. They release Bhairav due to unsatisfactory evidence. Ganesan finds a pattern explaining that the serial killer, known in the media as the "Smiley Killer", only targets young girls who had one-sided lovers, and also learns that the killer has murdered 18 girls in the past 6 months. The killer sends a man named Ashu, whose ex-girlfriend Pooja was one of the victims, to a news channel and asks him to blame Gautham as the serial killer. Gautham follows Ashu to a train station, but Ashu is killed by the same killer, who is revealed to be Bhairav. A fight ensues between Bhairav and Gautham, where the latter is unable to see his face. Bhairav leaves the train and escapes in his cab. Ganesan checks the CCTV but is unable to find anything. 

Flashback: Bhairav is a cab-driver who also works part-time as a zookeeper along with his friend Keshav, where he meets Rasika Mapuskar, a salesgirl at a clothes shop in a mall, and falls for her deeply, harbouring plans for marriage. One day, Rasika injures a group of rogues with Bhairav's cab, who were eve-teasing her, thus revealing about her dark side to Bhairav. During a vacation in Lonavala, Bhairav decides to propose to Rasika, but sees her getting intimate with her married manager Atul, which leaves Bhairav heartbroken. Rasika later meets Bhairav and instigates him to kill those girls, who have one-sided lover boyfriends. Pooja ultimately becomes his first victim in his attempt to prove his loyalty to Rasika. After this incident, Bhairav is mentally tormented and begins to kill many girls, along with Rasika. After three months, When Aarvi was travelling in Bhairav's cab, the latter misunderstands that Aarvi has duped Gautham, where he, along with Rasika, attacks the complex at night, as Bhairav kills Aarvi.

Present: Gautham learns about Bhairav's zoo address and leaves to confront him. Ganesan is killed by Bhairav, where he heads to the zoo. Gautham learns from Bhairav that Aarvi is alive and that the latter had locked in the zoo. Bhairav frames Keshav as the "Smiley Killer", having taken his detached son Yash into confidence after Yash (who holds a grudge against for being disloyal to Yash after Keshav's wife died) testifies against Keshav. Bhairav walks free while Aditya tries to console an unconvinced Gautam, telling him that the case has been solved with Keshav as the killer. Bhairav and Rasika later return to the zoo, where they kill all the guards posted at the zoo, and tries to kill Aarvi, but Gautham arrives and engages in a deadly combat with Bhairav. It is later revealed that Rasika is dead and that Bhairav is hallucinating Rasika. 

After the vacation at Lonavala, Bhairav became numb after Rasika confesses that she plans to marry Atul, who is ready to ditch his family for her. Barely having avoided an accident, he begs Rasika to accept his feelings, where he unintentionally kills her. After coming back to his senses, Bhairav keeps her body in the freezer at the zoo, where he starts hallucinating Rasika and begins to kill every girl for her sake. Gautham reveals to Bhairav that he saw through his hallucination when Bhairav started talking to Rasika outside the zoo, and tells him that Bhairav's love for Rasika turned into hatred, whereas Gautham's love for Aarvi would always remain the way it was, even if she doesn't accept him. Realizing his mistake, Bhairav opens the tiger's cage and is later attacked by the tiger. Gautham leaves with Aarvi, who reunites with him. Later, Aarvi sings at the concert with the support of Gautam and her fans. 

In the post-credit scene, Rakesh Mahadkar, who survived the accident, has since became a paraplegic, where he meets Bhairav, who is actually alive, having lost his one eye due to the tiger attack, where he recites his promise from the prequel.


Aditya Roy Kapur was originally signed for the role enacted by Arjun Kapoor, but later backed out due to creative differences with director Mohit Suri.

Principal photography began on 1 March 2021. The film was wrapped up on 28 October 2021.

Nick Bosa

Nick Bosa is a American football defensive end that in 2023 plays for the San Francisco 49ers. He is the brother of Joey Bosa, who plays for the Los Angeles Chargers.

Tomie Ōhara

Tomie Ōhara was a Japanese novelist. She is best known for her novel "A Woman called En".

Ōhara was born on 28 September 1912 in Kochi, Japan. Her father was the principal of an elementary school. Her father had an extensive library where she used to read in. Her mother died when she was 10 years old. She studied at Kochi Joshi Shihan Gakko from 1927 to 1930. She quitted school when she contracted tuberculosis. She did not leave the sanatorium until 1938.

Ōhara's writing career began when she was recovering from tuberculosis. She finished writing her first story in 1935. She began gaining attention as a writer with her 1938 story . Her story was shortlisted for the Akutagawa Prize. She then move to Tokyo. She became a member of the Bungei Shuto magazine in 1941.

Her tuberculosis recurred in 1955 and lasted until 1957. She published a short story collection in 1957 titled . Her short story won the Women's Literature Award. The stories in the collection are about patients living in a sanatorium.

She then wrote in 1960. It won the Mainichi Publishing Culture Award and the Noma Literary Prize. Her novel was published in 1970. It won the Women's Literature Award.

In 1976 Ōhara converted to Catholicism. Her new religion had a clear influence on some of her later books.

In 1990 she was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 3rd class. The Ōhara Tomie Museum of Literature opened in 1991. She was named a member of the Japan Art Academy in 1998. Ōhara died on January 27, 2000.


Kelvin Grove State College

Kelvin Grove state college is a state college in Kelvin Grove, Queensland, Australia.

Peppermint bark

Chocolate peppermint bark is a type of chocolate confectionary made from dark chocolate base and white chocolate on top with peppermint (crushed up candy cane or other minty candy) sprinkled on top.

It is sold around Christmas time as a sort of candy or cake decoration and have been made as a flavor or candy product by several large companies. They are also sold by girl scouts who want to sell it as an addition product besides cookies and other desserts and confectionary.

It is made only by using dark chocolate as a base and white chocolate melted down and left to cool then broken up or cut into chunks like peanut brittle and sprinkled on top are crushed mints, sometimes the confectionary is made with only one single type of chocolate or other crushed toppings like peanuts or other chocolates even nougat. It can also be used as a topping for eggnog.

The dessert dates back to the 1960's where on September 12th 1966 the company, William Sonoma invented the treat as a sort of festive candy when the founder of William Sonoma Chuck Williams asked 3 merchants to create a "nostalgic festive treat" and it blew up in the 20th century and as they say "the rest is history".

S.O.B. (movie)

S.O.B. is a 1981 American black comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Julie Andrews, William Holden, Richard Mulligan, Robert Preston, Robert Webber, Robert Vaughn, Larry Hagman, Loretta Swit, Shelley Winters, Robert Loggia, Jennifer Edwards, Rosanna Arquette. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Cocoanuts

The Cocoanuts is a 1929 American musical comedy movie directed by Robert Florey and Joseph Santley and was based on the 1925 musical of the same name. It stars Marx Brothers, Mary Eaton, Oscar Shaw, Margaret Dumont, Kay Francis, Cyril Ring and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Basarab Laiotă cel Bătrân

Basarab Laiotă cel Bătrân also known as Basarab the Old (d. 22 December 1480) was Prince of Wallachia 5 times within 4 years (1473-1477)

Official Charts

The Official Charts (legal name: The Official Charts Company Limited) is a British organization that compiles various music charts in a number of European territories.


Sarcohyla hapsa

The northern streamside tree frog ("Sarcohyla hapsa") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1280 and 2550 meters above sea level in the Sierra Madre mountains.

River Ravensbourne

The Ravensbourne is one of many rivers which flow into the Thames. Its catchment area is southeast of the Thames. 

The Ravensbourne source rises in Keston, four miles south of Bromley town centre. The river collects many sub-tributaries, such as the River Quaggy. It empties into the Thames at Deptford.

These river names are very old. The Ravensbourne, for example, is noted in the Domesday Book.

In the centre of London the rivers are hidden under the "made" road surfaces (under Fleet Street, for example). The tributaries can usually be seen In the suburbs. The tributaries influenced the positioning of roadways and housing during the 19th century.

Before the 19th century London was a much smaller city. Most of the tributaries to the Ravensbourne ran through country districts at that time.

Tarzan Boy

"Tarzan Boy" is the debut single song by Italian-based act band Baltimora. The song was written by Maurizio Bassi and Naimy Hackett, and released in 1985 as the lead single from Baltimora's debut album "Living in the Background". The song was re-recorded remix and released in 1993, and has been covered by numerous artists such as Modern Romance in 1986, Massimo Noe as Jungle Boy, etc.
The song was also featured in the films and TV shows "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III" (1993), "Beverly Hills Ninja" (1997) and was then referenced in "A Million Ways to Die in the West" (2014), also Turkish/German dubbed version of "Nutri Ventures" using for Massimo Noe's version.

Third inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

The third inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the 32nd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1941. It was the start of the third term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president and the only term of Henry A. Wallace as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 39th presidential inauguration. 

This was the one and only time that a president has ever been sworn in to a third term in office. After the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed in 1951, this meant that no person could be elected more than twice as president.

Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. John Nance Garner administered the vice presidential oath of office to Wallace. 


Second inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

The second inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the 32nd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1937. It was the start of the second term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president and John Nance Garner as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 38th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration to be held on January 20. This was because of the Twentieth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which moved the beginning and end dates for the president and vice president from March 4 to January 20.

This inauguration was also the first to have the vice president take the oath on the inaugural platform, rather than the Senate Chamber. 

The inauguration took place on a rainy day, with the crowds quickly leaving after it ended.

Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. Joseph Taylor Robinson administered the vice presidential oath of office to Garner. 


Dielectric

In electromagnetism, a dielectric (or dielectric material or dielectric medium) is an electrical insulator that can be polarized when the insulator is in an electric field.

Dielectric materials include types of glass, mica, bakelite, plexiglass, and kinds of paper. Dielectric materials reduce the overall electric field, like when one of these materials is inserted in a capacitor. This happens because of polarization in dielectric material. Charges are induced in dielectric materials being used which creates an opposite electric field, resulting in the lowering of the ELECTRIC FIELD it is in. Generally, positive charges are induced in negative plates and vice versa, and so a dielectric material reduces the overall electric field. How it does that is normally represented as the "dielectric constant" (generally represented as "k", in equations), as a result POTENTIAL DIFFERENCE is also reduced by "dielectric constant" times, specifically; if dielectric is inserted in capacitors then new capacitance becomes "dielectric constant" times the original capacitance.

Dielectric materials can be solids, liquids, or gases. (A high vacuum can also be a useful, nearly lossless dielectric; However its relative dielectric constant is only unity.

Solid dielectrics are perhaps the most commonly used dielectrics in electrical engineering. Many solids are very good insulators. Some examples include porcelain, glass, and most plastics. Air, nitrogen and sulfur hexafluoride are the three most commonly used gaseous dielectrics (or gases that are in use as dielectrics).


Isabella de Warenne

Isabella de Warenne (c. 1253 - c. 1292) was the wife of John Balliol, however doubt is shown as to if she survived to see John become king.

Inauguration of Herbert Hoover

The inauguration of Herbert Hoover as the 31st president of the United States happened on March 4, 1929. It was the start of the only term of Herbert Hoover as president and Charles Curtis as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 36th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration to be recorded by sound newsreels. It was also the second inauguration in which a former president gave the oath of office to a new president. 

Chief Justice and former President William Howard Taft administered the oath of office to Hoover. Charles G. Dawes administered the vice presidential oath of office to Curtis. 

During the oath taking for Hoover, Taft misspoke and said the phrase "preserve, maintain, and defend," instead of "preserve, protect, and defend". A 13-year-old schoolgirl from Walden, New York, caught the error and wrote to the Chief Justice to tell him.


Eppenschlag

Eppenschlag is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Freyung, Bavaria

Freyung is a town in Bavaria, Germany, capital of the Freyung-Grafenau district. It is in the Bavarian Forest mountain range, near the border with Austria and the Czech Republic.

The town is on the southeastern rim of the Bavarian Forest National Park near the confluence of the Saußbach and Reschbach creeks. The town centre is about north of Passau.

Freyung is twinned with


Fürsteneck

Fürsteneck is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafenau, Bavaria

Grafenau is a town in the Freyung-Grafenau district, in Bavaria, Germany. 32 km north of Passau, the town is in the Bavarian Forest and is the base of the Bavarian Forest National Park Authority. Grafenau is a holiday destination with a variety of kinds of accommodation from self-catering apartments to a "holiday village".

The town is in the Bavarian Forest at a height between 600 and 700 meters over sea level, right beside the Bavarian Forest National Park. The Kleine Ohe river flows along the east and south of the town. It is close to the Frauenberg.

In April 1945, Major General Stafford LeRoy Irwin opened his XII Corps Headquarters there.

Since 1976 there has been an artificial lake (surrounded by a park) which is used for sport and recreation.

There are museums about the town and surrounding area, including a museum with a collection of traditional furniture, and also a museum about snuff.

The town has curling and ice skating rinks (which are seasonal), and ski drag lifts in an area which in summer months is used for bobsleds. There is also a golf course.

There is a Catholic church, a railway terminus, and a bus station, in addition to a range of hotels, shops, and garage facilities for motorists.


Grafenau is twinned with:

Grainet

Grainet is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Haidmühle

Haidmühle is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

The community is in the Donau-Wald on the Kalte Moldau in the Bavarian Forest, on the border with the Czech Republic. Haidmühle is 25 km from Freyung, 24 km from Waldkirchen, and 20 km from the border with Austria.

A few meters away from the village is the border crossing Nové Údolí ("Neuthal") to Stožec, which is open to pedestrians and cyclists.

Haidmühle was formerly a railway border station, connected by the Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway to Waldkirchen and Passau, and by the Číčenice–Haidmühle railway to Volary and Prachatice. The section in the Czech Republic is still in use. Part of the route is a museum train Pošumavská jižní dráha in operation.

The municipality contains of the following districts:

There are the following districts: Bischofsreut, Philippsreut, Frauenberg.

Philippsreut

Philippsreut is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the border with the Czech Republic.

Hinterschmiding

Hinterschmiding is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. Populated places in the municipality include Vorderschmiding.

Vorderschmiding

Vorderschmiding is a village in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. It is part of the municipality of Hinterschmiding.

Hohenau

Hohenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Innernzell

Innernzell is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Jandelsbrunn

Jandelsbrunn is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wollaberg

Wollaberg is a small town in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wollaberg is in the southern Bavarian Forest, not far from the Czech and Austrian borders. It is not far from Passau, the gateway to the Bavarian Forest. It is placed at an altitude of 769 m above sea level and has about 500 residents. Wollaberg is one of the seven so-called artists villages in the region. The local population is predominantly Catholic.

Mauth

Mauth is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neureichenau

Neureichenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuschönau

Neuschönau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau, in the Lower Bavaria region of Bavaria, in Germany.


Perlesreut

Perlesreut is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Ringelai

Ringelai is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Röhrnbach

Röhrnbach is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Saldenburg

Saldenburg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality contains the following 30 villages and locations: 

Sankt Oswald-Riedlhütte

Sankt Oswald-Riedlhütte is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Schöfweg

Schöfweg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Schönberg, Lower Bavaria

Schönberg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Spiegelau

Spiegelau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the heart of the Bavarian Forest.

There are 33 villages in the municipality:
There are also the "Gemarkungen" of Spiegelau, Oberkreuzberg and Klingenbrunn.

Spiegelau is on Zwiesel–Grafenau railway and its station was formerly the junction to the Spiegelau Forest Railway which supporting the major logging industry in the area.


Oberkreuzberg

Oberkreuzberg is a village in the municipality of Spiegelau in the Lower Bavarian district of Freyung-Grafenau in Germany. Until 1978 it was an independent municipality .

The parish village ("Pfarrdorf") is at a height of 780 metres about 2 kilometres southwest of Spiegelau on the southern side of a mountain ridge up to 790 metres high with good views.


Thurmansbang

Thurmansbang is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Waldkirchen

Waldkirchen is the biggest town in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Germany.

Zenting

Zenting is a municipality in the Freyung-Grafenau district in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in the Danube Forest ("Donau-Wald") in the middle of the Bavarian Forest. The village is near the Austrian and Czech borders. The Brotjacklriegel (1,016 m) and Aschenstein (945 m) mountains are to the north. Zenting is around 35 km NW of Passau, 13 km from Tittling, 18 km SW of Grafenau, 26 km N of Vilshofen an der Donau and 15 km from the A 3 (Iggensbach exit).

Jack Kiddey

John William Francis Kiddey was born 5 July, 1929 in Christchurch and died 13 November, 2021 in Christchurch. He is a New Zealand former cricketer who played for Canterbury in the Plunket Shield.


‏‎
Wakhi language

Wakhi is an eastern Iranic language spoken in northern Pakistan, northern Afghanistan and southwestern China. It belongs to the northeastern subgrouping of the Eastern Iranic languages.


Percy Pig

Percy Pig is a British brand of pig-shaped gummy sweets by Marks & Spencer introduced in 1992. There are raspberry, strawberry, cherry and grape flavours. Katjes makes them in Germany. More than 10,000,000 bags are sold a year, making Marks & Spencer more than £10,000,000. They contain just under 3.5% fruit juice and are vegetarian.

There were 100, 200, and 400 gram versions until 2008. There are now 100, 170 and 500 gram versions.

Percy Pig was introduced in 1992. There were strawberry, blackcurrant and raspberry flavours.

They were unavailable for a short time in 1997. The Percy Piglets version reached number 11 on British "Vogue"'s "what's hot" list in 2008.

There is a Percy Pig community on Facebook, which has 250,000 members.

Percy Pig talked for the first time in Marks & Spencer's 2021 Christmas advert, voiced by Tom Holland.

Percy Pig sweets once contained gelatin from pigs. A vegetarian version, "Veggie Percy", came out in 2011, using beeswax and pea protein. They have green ears.

In 2016, some versions of Percy Pig sweets started to not use gelatine. All Percy Pig sweets have been vegetarian since May 2019, instead using pectin. New logos and packaging designs were made.

New versions, flavours and characters came out because Percy Pig was successful. "Percy Pig & Pals", one of the first, also has cows (cola flavour), sheep (grape flavour) and "Percy Piglets" (smaller versions) inside. Percy Pig's girlfriend, Penny Pig (lemon flavour), came out in 2010.

There have also been Percy Pig fruit juices, fizzy drinks, chocolates, biscuits, cakes, muffins, ice cream, dessert sauces mince pies and more. A Percy Pig advent calendar came back in 2020 after there was not 2018 and 2019 ones. There are also non-food items, such as toys, books, socks, party items, bed linen and piggy banks.




Other shops sell similar sweets. Some in the United Kingdom are "Eric the Elephant" by Sainsbury's, "Cool Cats" by Tesco, "Stanley Snail" and "Fredrick Frog" by Asda, "Henry Hippo" by Lidl (vegan) and "Dinky Dogs" by Poundland (released in 2019, not vegetarian).

Some outside the United Kingdom are "Juiced Up" in Canada (introduced 2009), "Fred Ferkel" in Germany, "Katja Biggetjes" in the Netherlands, "Petit Cochon" in France (introduced 2007) and "Peggy Pig and Pals" in Australia (introduced in Coles Supermarkets in 2009).


Credit score

Credit score is a number that is based on a person's spending and saving habits. It is often used by banks to tell if you should be able to pay back a debt (eg. a loan).

Most credit scores are between 300 and 850, where a higher value is achieved by paying back debts, and avoiding debts. It is calculated based on the information in a credit report, which shows how much the person has been spending and if they’ve made payments on time. 

Expert witness

An expert witness in law is a person whose opinion is accepted by the judge as an expert on a given topic. This evidence can be disputed by an expert for the other side on the same topic. 

Giuseppe Bisi

Giuseppe Bisi (Genoa, April 10, 1787 - Varese, October 28, 1869) was an Italian painter, chancellery of the viceroy Eugene of Beauharnais, Professor of the Brera Academy since 1838.

Son of the painter and modeler Tommaso Bisi (Genoa 1758 - Milan 2 December 1826). Essentially a painter landscape painting, Giuseppe Bisi outlined his own pictorial way in which nature is simply observed in his everyday life, despite the time, in which the artist lived his artistic youth, evoked atmospheres more markedly Romanticism. His landscapes were purchased by sovereigns and high Italian and foreign nobles, Among his collectors were Napoleon III, Re Carlo Alberto di Savoia, Re Vittorio Emanuele II, the Emperor of Austria Ferdinand I of Austria, the Emperor of Russia Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia, etc.

He was professor of landscape at the Brera Academy from 1838 to 1856.

In 1829 he made a study trip to Rome which gave him the starting point for subjects of the Lazio landscape. 
Back in Milan he consolidated his fame and success there. In 1838 he obtained the chair of landscape painting, which had just been established at the Accademia di Brera.

Brother of Michele Bisi, he was the husband of the artist Ernesta Legnani, whom he had married in 1811 with whom he had nine daughters. His daughters Raffaela, Antonietta and Fulvia Bisi. His nephew is the painter Luigi Bisi (Milan, 1814), who later became President of the Brera Academy.


He participated in the Brera exhibitions of 1833, 1835 and 1837.
He exhibited in Turin from 1838.


The rigor of the sign, of neoclassical inspiration, is lightened by the liveliness of the colors, even if sometimes a little glazed, and by the clear transparent atmosphere of waters and skies. From some of his views notable engravings were taken, which he himself sometimes created (series of the Via Mala near Spluga, 1820-1825).




Baritone horn

A Baritone horn (also known as a baritone) is a musical instrument like a tuba but smaller and higher pitched. it is a brass instrument, and it usually is played primarily in bass clef. It has effectively the same sound as a trombone. The baritone is very similar to a euphonium, but baritones are typically smaller. 

Marching baritones are used by marching bands. These can feel very heavy because the person playing it holds it up with only their arms. Marching baritones look like a big trumpet but the tubing is much larger.

Sarcohyla cyclada

The tan-edged tree frog ("Sarcohyla cyclada") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 1600 and 2180 meters above sea level, in pine and oak forests at 2370 and 2670 meters above sea level, and in cloud forest and oak and madroño forests between 2121 and 2568 meters above sea level.

This frog changes color. At night, the skin on its back is a very light brown and yellow-brown toward its rear end. During the day, its skin is brown with green marks and green-brown toward its rear end. It has webbing on all four feet, more on the back feet than on the front feet.

People have seen this frog in bromeliad plants that grow on trees. The young have been seen in pools of water in streams.

Herpetologist Duellman says this frog is related to frogs in the "Hyla miotympanum" group.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives by cutting down forests to get wood to build with. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can also kill this frog.

Japanese Air Force One

The Japanese Air Force One（日本国政府専用機）and Japanese Air Force Two are the radio callsigns of the two Boeing 777-300ER aircraft used by the government of Japan for overseas travel by the Emperor, Prime Minister and other high-ranking officials. Each aircraft has a capacity of 140 passengers and can be used for emergency evacuations of Japanese citizens and overseas deployment of Japan Self-Defense Forces personnel. The aircraft are operated by the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.

Maol Choluim II, Earl of Fife

Maol Choluim II, anglicised to Malcolm II (d. 1266) was one of the people involved in the famous coronation of Alexander III in 1249, he reigned as Earl of Fife from 1228 until 1266.

Kenneth II

Cináeda mac Maíl Coluim (Modern Gaelic: "Coinneach mac Mhaoil Chaluim"; 26 February 932 — 25 April 995) often known as Kenneth II was the King of Scotland from 971 until his death in 995. He was the son of Malcolm I of Scotland (Maíl Coluim mac Domnail) and Bethoc. He was the younger brother of King Dub (Dub mac Maíl Coluim) ruled the kingdom from 962 until his death in 967. 

For the first six years of his reign, Kenneth had a dispute with Amlaíb mac Illuilb, the younger brother and heir of of Kenneth's predecessor, Culen. Eventually in 977, Amlaíb died and the dispute between him and the king was over. It was said that Kenneth ordered the murder of Amlaíb. Kenneth would then rule the kingdom effectively until his death in 995 at the age of 63. He was succeded by Constantine III, the son of Kenneth's predecessor.

Apocalypse (miniseries)

Apocalypse is a canceled computer-animated hollywood miniseries produced by Netflix Animation, SpindleHorse Toons, Blur Studio and broadcast on Netflix. The miniseries would be a loose adaptation of first part of the End Times Biblical Chronology popularly known as the "Principle of Sorrows", a social criticism that explores the iceberg of contemporary society, the first installment of Gibsonverso and directed by Carlos Saldanha in his directorial debut of television.

Berlin Anhalter Bahnhof

Berlin Anhalter Bahnhof was one of the most important train stations in Berlin in the 20th century. Today there is the underground station with the same name in Berlin.

Before the World War II, the station had connections to central and southern Germany, Austria and Italy. The station building was damaged in the Bombing of Berlin in World War II. The remains were demolished in 1959 even after public protests.

The "Anhalter Bahnhof" associated Berlin with the Princely or Duchy of Anhalt, today part of the federal state Saxony-Anhalt.

Spreeinsel

The Spreeinsel is between Spree and Spreekanal in the Berlin Mitte. It has three parts.

Middle — Berlin City Cock was there until 1950, it was rebuilt in 2021 for the Humboldt Forum

Southern — Fischer Island

Northern — it was used for gardens till the 19th century, then many museums were built there. Today is known as the Northern Museum Island and has been a World Heritage Site of UNESCO since 1999.

Mark Phillips

Mark Anthony Peter Phillips (born 22 September 1948) was the former husband of Anne, Princess Royal.

Betrayal (1929 movie)

Betrayal is a 1929 American silent drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Emil Jannings, Esther Ralston, Douglas Haig, Gary Cooper, Bodil Rosing. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a lost movie.


Guillermo Rodríguez

Guillermo Rodríguez may refer to:


Guillermo Rodríguez Lara

Guillermo Antonio Rodríguez Lara (born November 4, 1923)

As commander of the army, he led a military coup d'état executed by a navy commander named Jorge Queirolo G. and forced president José María Velasco into exile, to Buenos Aires, Argentina.

During his rule, drilling the country's oil reserves funded the construction of hospitals, schools, roads (notably, paving the Quito-Tulcán road), the oil refinery at Esmeraldas, and equipment for the armed services. The military removed him from power in 1976.

Rodríguez was born on November 4, 1923 in Pujilí, Ecuador. He was married to Aída Judith León since 1953. He turned 100 on 4 November 2023.

Applause (1929 movie)

Applause is a 1929 American musical movie directed by first time director Rouben Mamoulian and starring Helen Morgan, Jack Cameron, Joan Peers, Henry Wadsworth. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Josh Turner

Josh Otis Turner is an American country and gospel singer and actor. In 2005 he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs.

He was born on November 20, 1977 in Hannah, South Carolina.




Jon Pardi

Jon Pardi is an American country music singer and songwriter. In 2015 he had his first number one song on Billboard's Country Airplay music chart.

He was born on in Dixon, California.



Sudip Roy Barman

Sudip Roy Barman is an Indian politician from Tripura. He is a member of Indian National Congress. He is the current MLA of Agartala constituency which he has held since 1998 by winning in six elections consecutively by handsome margins.
He completed his BE degree from Tripura Engineering College (Presently known as NIT Agartala) (Mechanical Engineering).

He is member of Indian National Congress and former member of All India Trinamool Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party. He was former President of the Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee and Tripura Pradesh Youth Congress Committee as well as Leader of Opposition in Tripura Legislative Assembly.

He is the son of former Tripura Chief Minister Samir Ranjan Barman.

He was removed as Cabinet Minister of Tripura by CM Biplab Kumar Deb citing anti party activities.

He was involved with National Students’ Union of India during student life. Elected General Secretary of National Students’ Union of India in 1986. General Secretary of Pradesh Youth Congress 1991–1993. Vice President of Pradesh Youth Congress 1994–1996.

He was elected member of Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee in 1997 and was appointed as senior Vice President of Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee in 2001.

He contested assembly election for the first time in 1993 from Agartala constituency against Nripen Chakraborty & lost.

He won assembly elections from the same constituency in 1998, 2003 and 2008 assembly elections by defeating Krishna Rakshit, Sankar Das & Dr. Bikash Roy respectively.

In 2016, he is one of the six MLA from Indian National Congress who joined All India Trinamool Congress, due to various inconsistencies with the Indian National Congress allying with Communist Party of India (Marxist) in 2016 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election.

On 19 December 2016, Barman stole silver mace belonging to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and ran off with it while INC and AITC MLAs were criticizing Forests Minister Naresh Jamatia over womanizing.

On 7 August 2017, he along with 5 other AITC MLAs of Tripura Legislative Assembly joined BJP in presence of Himanta Biswa Sarma and Dharmendra Pradhan after they cross voted against the party lines in 2017 Indian presidential election.

President of Janakalyan (NGO) of Tripura since 2003. Participated in National Seminar on prevention of AIDS held at New Delhi in 2002. Involved in anti-dowry movement and blood donation camp.

Approximately 200 units of blood have been donated by Pradesh Youth Congress Committee.
Distributed books to down-trodden students every year.

Biplab Kumar Deb

Biplab Kumar Deb (born 25 November 1971) is an Indian politician and former Chief Minister of Tripura. He has been the state president of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Tripura since 7 January 2016 till 2018. He led the BJP to victory in the 2018 Legislative Assembly Election, defeating 25 years rule of the Left Front government led by the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He took his oath as the 10th Chief Minister of Tripura on 9 March 2018. 

Biplab Deb was born on 25 November 1971 in Rajdhar Nagar village, Udaipur, Gomati district, Tripura. His parents had moved to India as refugees from Chandpur District , East Pakistan during liberation war in 1971 before his birth. His father is a citizen of India since 27 June 1967. He spent his childhood and schooling days in Tripura. He graduated from Tripura University before going to New Delhi. He later returned to Tripura after an absence of 15 years.

Biplab Deb was elected the President of Tripura state unit of BJP in January 2017 replacing Sudhndra Dasgupta who was BJP's longest serving state president. He started his political career by campaigning for the 2018 state election. He began his campaign from the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council which was believed to be the base of the then governing CPI(M). 

On 8 August 2017 Biplab Deb helped bring about the defection of Indian National Congress MLAs led by Sudip Roy Barman to the Bharatiya Janata Party. He led the local BJP into the 2018 Legislative Assembly election, attempting to gain office after 25 years of Left Front rule. 

Deb contested the election from Banamalipur Constituency in Agartala and won by a margin of 9,549 votes, which was held by Indian National Congress MLA Gopal Roy. Deb led the Tripura's Election campaign and defeated Left Front after 25 years by winning 44 seats with his ally Indigenous Peoples Front of Tripura out of possible 60 seats in Tripura.

Deb campaigned on the subject of youth employment opportunities, which he promised to improve if elected Chief Minister of Tripura. He also promised the employees of Tripura that he would implement the 7th Pay Commission once get elected. Deb brought in key BJP ministers from across India to campaign for the party in Tripura.

He took his oath as the 10th Chief Minister of Tripura on 9 March 2018.

In April 2018, Deb stirred disputes by saying that the internet and satellites have existed since the Mahabharata era. He also made remarks on the Civil Service Examination. He said that only civil engineers should sit for civil service exams. 

He also said that international beauty pageants were a farce. He also claimed that the decision to award Miss World and Miss Universe titles to Indian women for five years in a row was market-driven rather than based on the beauty of the participants while questioning the rationale behind awarding Diana Hayden the Miss World pageant.

Bangladeshis

Bangladeshis ( ) are the citizens of Bangladesh, a South Asian country centred on the transnational historical region of Bengal along the Bay of Bengal.

Bangladeshi citizenship was formed in 1971. This was when the permanent residents of the former East Pakistan were transformed into citizens of a new republic. Bangladesh is the world's eighth most populous nation. The vast majority of Bangladeshis are ethnolingustically Bengalis, an Indo-Aryan people who are mainly Muslim. The population of Bangladesh is concentrated in the fertile Bengal delta. It has been the center of urban and agrarian civilizations for millennia. The country's highlands, including the Chittagong Hill Tracts and parts of the Sylhet Division, are home to various tribal minorities.

Bengali Muslims are the main ethnoreligious group of Bangladesh with a population of 135.5 million. This makes up 90.4% of the country's population as of 2011. The minority Bengali Hindu population made up approximately 8.54% of the population of the country according to the 2011 Census Non-Bengali Muslims make up the largest immigrant community; while the Tibeto-Burman Chakmas, who speak the Indo-Aryan Chakma language, are the largest indigenous ethnic group after Indo-Aryan Bengalis. The Austroasiatic Santals are the largest indigenous community.

The Bangladeshi diaspora is concentrated in the Arab world, North America, Canada and the United Kingdom. A significant number of Non-Resident Bangladeshis (NRBs) have dual citizenship in different countries.

Dijon Kameri

Dijon Kameri (born 20 April 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for Liefering in the 2nd Austrian League.

Kameri began his youth career at FC Liefering. Then he went on to Red Bull Salzburg academy for the 2018/19 season. After three years at the academy, he was promoted to FC Liefering.

In July 2021 he played his first professional match for Liefering against Kapfenberger SV in the first round of the 2021/22 season. Withe the U19 team of FC Red Bull Salzburg he reached the final of the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League. 

With the start of the 2022-23 season he became member of the FC Red Bull Salzburg squad in the Austrian Bundesliga. He made his debut in a away match versus SC Austria Lustenau on 28 August 2022. He came in in minute 67 for Nicolas Capaldo. In minute 82 he scored his first Bundesliga goal. On 6 September 2022 Kameri played his first match in the UEFA Champions League versus AC Milan.

Sarcohyla cembra

The southern Sierra Madre tree frog ("Sarcohyla cembra") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it at 2370 and 2670 meters above sea level.

Bachelor Mother

Bachelor Mother is a 1939 American romantic comedy movie directed by Garson Kanin and was remake of the 1935 Austrian Hungarian movie "Little Monster". It stars Ginger Rogers, David Niven, Charles Coburn, Frank Albertson, Ferike Boros, Ernest Truex, Dennie Moore and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1940. It was remade as "Bundle of Joy" in 1956.


Jean-Michel Basquiat

Jean-Michel Basquiat was a contemporary artist from New York. He was born in 1960 and died in 1988. He is mainly known for his graffiti today. He is also known for being one of the first black artists. Most if not all of his colleagues were white. He also had problems with illegal drugs. He died of an overdose of heroin.

As an artist, he worked a lot with Andy Warhol.

Tring School

Tring School is a secondary school with academy status, with approximately 1,500 students aged between 11 and 18. It is located on Mortimer Hill on the east side of the town of Tring, Hertfordshire, England. Tring School includes a Sixth Form with over 300 students.

Donald J. Harris

Donald Jasper Harris (born August 23, 1938) is a Jamaican-American economist and professor emeritus at Stanford University, known for applying post-Keynesian ideas to development economics. He is the ex-husband of Indian-American Biomedical Scientist Shyamala Gopalan, and is the father of the 49th and current vice president of the United States, Kamala Harris, as well as of her sister, lawyer and political commentator Maya Harris.

Werner Scholl

Werner Scholl (1922-1944) was the brother of Hans Scholl and Sophie Scholl. Like his siblings, Werner joined the Hitler Youth when Hitler came to power. In 1936, Werner, Sophie, and their sister Inge were arrested by the Gestapo. After being held for a few weeks, Werner was released, but the imprisonment left a mark on him. 

In the Summer of 1939, Werner became the first member of the Scholl family to make an open resistance to the Nazi regime. He resigned from the Hitler Youth, a decision that barred him from being able to take the Arbitur (The test to be able to enter a University). Werner also climbed on top of the statue of Justice at the Courtroom in Ulm to blindfold the Lady of Justice with a swastika flag.

In 1942, Werner was sent out to the Russian front, where, by chance, he was stationed near Hans. The two were able to see each other fairly often.

In February 1943, Werner was given a leave to go home to Ulm. When he came home, he found out that Sophie and Hans had been captured by the Gestapo. Along with his parents, Werner travelled to Munich for the trial, storming into the courtroom just as Roland Freisler was about to give the verdict. After a brief stand-off, the Scholl parents were removed from the room. Because Werner had an army uniform on, he was able to melt into the crowd and be there when the judge announced the verdict: guilty. As those in the courtroom got up to leave, Werner was able to push his way up to see Hans and Sophie one last time. Werner grabbed their hands. Tears welled in his eyes as Hans said to him, “Stay strong. Make no concessions!” 
After his leave was up, Werner was stationed back at Russia. In the middle of 1944, Werner was classified as Missing in Action. He was 22.

Andrea Kossányiová

Andrea Kossányiová (born 6 August 1993) is a Czech volleyball player, playing as a Outside spiker. She is part of the Czech Republic women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2019 Women's European Volleyball League, winning a gold medal.

On club level she plays for PVK Olymp Prague, VK Agel Prostejov, VK UP Olomouc, and Volley Wrocław.

Second inauguration of Calvin Coolidge

The second inauguration of Calvin Coolidge as the 30th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1925. It was the start of the second and only term of Calvin Coolidge as president and the only term of Charles G. Dawes as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 35th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration that was broadcasted nationally on radio. It was also the first inauguration in which a former president gave the oath of office to a new president. 

Chief Justice and former President William Howard Taft administered the oath of office to Coolidge. Albert B. Cummins administered the vice presidential oath of office to Dawes. 


Alfa Romeo D2

The Alfa Romeo D2 piston engine was produced from 1931 to 1934. In this 3 years there where 600 build. It has a HorsePower between 240 and 270.


People's Republic of Bulgaria

The People's Republic of Bulgaria was the official name of Bulgaria, when it was a socialist republic from 1946 to 1990. 
It was ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) together with the Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union. Bulgaria was closely allied with the Soviet Union during the Cold War, being part of Comecon and member of the Warsaw Pact. The Bulgarian resistance movement during World War II deposed the Kingdom of Bulgaria administration in the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 which ended the country's alliance with the Axis powers and led to the People's Republic in 1946.
The BCP modelled its policies after those of the Soviet Union. They transformed the country over the course of a decade from an agrarian peasant society into an industrialized socialist society. 
In the mid-1950s after the death of Stalin, the party's hardliners lost influence and a period of social liberalization and stability followed under Todor Zhivkov. 
After a new energy and transportation infrastructure was made, by 1960 manufacturing became the dominant sector of the economy and Bulgaria became a major exporter of household goods and later of computer technologies. It earned the nickname of "Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc". The country's high productivity levels and high scores for social development made it a model for other socialist countries' policies.
In 1989, political reforms were started. Todor Zhivkov, who had served as head of the party since 1954, was removed from office in a BCP congress. In 1990, under the leadership of Aleksandar Lilov, the BCP changed its name to the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) and adopted social democracy and democratic socialism in place of Marxism–Leninism. Following the BSP victory in the 1990 election, which was the first openly contested multi-party election since 1931, the name of the state was changed to the Republic of Bulgaria. Geographically, the People's Republic of Bulgaria had the same borders as present-day Bulgaria. It bordered the Black Sea to the east; Romania to the north; Yugoslavia (via SRs Serbia and Macedonia) to the west and Greece and Turkey to the south.

Inauguration of Warren G. Harding

The inauguration of Warren G. Harding as the 29th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1921. It was the start of the only term of Warren G. Harding as president and the only term of Calvin Coolidge as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 34th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration in which an automobile was used to transport the president-elect and the leaving president (Woodrow Wilson) to and from the Capitol. However, Wilson did not attend the ceremony himself because of a stroke he got two years before.

Chief Justice Edward D. White administered the oath of office to Harding. Thomas R. Marshall administered the vice presidential oath of office to Coolidge. 

Harding did not finish his term as president, as he died on August 2, 1923. Calvin Coolidge then became the next president.


Alfa Romeo 110

The Alfa Romeo 110 made by Alfa Romeo in Italy, is a piston aircraft engine. The first motor was built in the 1930s, and there where 500 made in total.



Second inauguration of Woodrow Wilson

The second inauguration of Woodrow Wilson as the 28th president of the United States happened privately on March 4, 1917, and publicly on the next day, March 5, 1917. It was the start of the second and final term of Woodrow Wilson as president and Thomas R. Marshall as vice president. 

Two inaugural ceremonies happened because March 4, 1917, was on a Sunday. The first ceremony was done at the President's Room inside the United States Capitol, and the second ceremony was done at the East Front of the United States Capitol Building. The event was the 33rd presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice Edward D. White administered the oath of office to Wilson. Willard Saulsbury Jr. administered the vice presidential oath of office to Coolidge. 

At the same time of the inauguration, women were protesting outside the White House, demanding that women get the right to vote. However, there were groups of men that attacked these protesters. There was more coverage of the altercation than that of the inauguration itself.


Alfa Romeo 115

The Alfa Romeo 115 is a piston engine used on aircraft. It's made in Italy by Alfa Romeo in the 1930s. About 1,600 were made.


Gender binarism

Gender binarism or genderism is the social system or belief that gender is binary and that there are only two gender identities, feminine or masculine.

Misgendering

Misgendering refers to using a word, especially a pronoun or form of address, that does not correctly reflect the gender with which one identifies as.

January 6 United States Capitol attack

On the afternoon of Wednesday, January 6, 2021, thousands of supporters of then-U.S President Donald Trump were in Washington, D.C. to protest against the results of the 2020 presidential election. They went in to support Trump's demand for Vice President Mike Pence and Congress to reject President-elect Joe Biden's victory. The protests soon became riots as thousands of Trump supporters broke into the United States Capitol, damaging the building. Presidential historian Michael Beschloss called the attacks an attempted coup d'etat by the President. The attack of the United States Capitol building was the worst at that place since the War of 1812. 

First, protesters came to the Ellipse for a planned rally. There, Rudy Giuliani called for "trial by combat," then later, Donald Trump told his supporters to march to the United States Capitol "to peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard today," while also asking them to "show strength" and to "fight like hell" for Republicans to "take back our country."

The Trump supporters broke into the Capitol. Congress was in session at the time. All congressmen, lobbyists, news reporters, visitors and Vice President Mike Pence were evacuated to a secure location.

A Trump-supporting female rioter was shot by Capitol Police during the storming. At that time, she was climbing through a barricaded door near the entrance to the hall for the House of Representatives; she died later that day. Three people also died from medical emergencies that day, said the Washington D.C. police. The New York Times said that attackers hit a police officer with a fire extinguisher until he died, but that was later proven not true; it did not really happen.

The attack on the Capitol has been referred to as domestic terrorism.

During the attack, several rioters carried Confederate battle flags or Nazi symbols. For the first time in U.S. history, a Confederate battle flag was flying inside the U.S. Capitol building.

Trump responded to the storming by writing messages on Twitter. In a video, he told protesters: "This was a fraudulent election, but we can't play into the hands of these people. We have to have peace. So go home. We love you. You're very special. You've seen what happens. You see the way others are treated that are so bad and so evil. I know how you feel. But go home and go home in peace." In another message, he wrote: "These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously & viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly & unfairly treated for so long." He continued: "Go home with love & in peace. Remember this day forever!"

5 people died during or shortly after the event: four rioters and one police officer. Fifteen police officers were sent to the hospital, and more than 50 were injured. Members of the mob hit Capitol police officers in the head with lead pipes and other weapons, including flag poles. Howard Liebengood was a Capitol Police officer on duty during the attack. He died by suicide three days later. Jeffrey Smith defended the capitol as part of the Metro Police Department. He killed himself soon after.

Trump was impeached for a second time because of this attack. Some people even wanted Vice President Pence to use the twenty-fifth amendment to remove Trump from office.

The House of Representatives formed a committee, the United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack, to investigate the attack and recommend changes that would prevent such an event from happening in the future.

More than 750 people were charged with crimes because of the Capitol attack. More than 200 of these people pleaded guilty, meaning that they agreed not to have trials in exchange for smaller punishments.

Prison sentences have been as long as 22 years (in prison).

On July 20, 2021, one protester was sentenced to 8 months in prison; the trial was held in federal court.

One protester was sentenced to 3 years and 5 months in prison; Jake Angeli also got a 3 years 5 months sentence.

One protester was sentenced to 5 years and 3 months in prison.

Sentences since 2023:

On March 8, 2022, a jury said Guy Wesley Reffitt was guilty of five crimes, including trying to stop Congress from doing its job (counting the votes) and bringing an illegal weapon (a pistol) into the Capitol. Prosecutors showed the jury a video that Reffitt had made of himself breaking into the Capitol and telling other rioters to hurt Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. Reffitt's son testified against him.

On March 22, 2022, a judge said Couy Griffin was guilty of one crime: Illegally going inside the Capitol. Griffin had asked to be tried by only a judge instead of a judge and jury.


List of programs broadcast by Disney XD

This is a list of television programs that are formerly and currently broadcast by the children's cable television channel Disney XD in the United States.

A list of programs currently broadcast in reruns.

Lion of Al-lāt

The Lion of Al-lāt (Arabic أسد اللات) is an old statue. It is a decoration of the Temple of Al-Lat in Palmyra, Syria. On 27 June 2015, it was badly damaged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). The damage took place after the ISIL had captured Palmyra. The statue was kept at the National Museum of Damascus for repairing. Presently, it is standing again.
The statue of the lion is shown as holding a gazelle. It was made from limestone ashlars in the early first century A.D. It measured in height. It weights 15 tonnes. The lion was regarded as the husband of goddess Al-lāt. The gazelle depicts Al-lāt's tender and loving traits. Bloodshed was not allowed under punishment of Al-lāt's revenge. The lion's left paw had a partially damaged Palmyrene inscription. The inscription (PAT 1122) reads like this: "tbrk ʾ"["lt"] (Al-lāt will bless) "mn dy lʾyšd" (whoever will not shed) "dm ʿl ḥgbʾ" (blood in the sanctuary).

In 1977, the statue was discovered by some Polish archeologists from the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology of the University of Warsaw (PCMA UW). They were working under Prof. Michał Gawlikowski. The PCMA UW logo design was based on the lion of Al-lāt. The statue was
found in pieces. It had been reused in old times for the temple's foundation. Later, the pieces were collected in front of the gate of the Palmyra Museum. The work was done by restorer Józef Gazy. In 2005, it was restored to prevent problems from collection. Finally, the piece was restored. It was made like its original looks – a relief art jumping out from a wall. During the Syrian Civil War, the statue was covered with a metal plate and sandbags. It is to protect the statue from destruction.

On 27 June 2015, it was badly damaged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. It was after they had captured Palmyra. After the freedom of Palmyra by the Syrian army, Maamoun Abdulkarim announced that the pieces were still in place. Further, he said that it was possible to put them back together. He was giving hopes for reconstruction. The statue was moved to Damascus in 2016. There, it was completely restored. On 1 October 2017, it was fully restored. Presently, it is placed in the National Museum of Damascus. This is for its safety. Later, it will be moved to Palmyra again.

Pixiu

Pixiu (; Old Chinese (ZS) *"bi-qʰu") is a Chinese mythical creature. Pixiu are considered powerful protectors of feng shui practitioners. They look like strong, winged lions. A Pixiu is a special creature for wealth. It is said to have a want for gold, silver, and jewels. So, Pixiu are always regarded as special creatures that have sacred powers of drawing "cai qi" ( wealth) from all directions.

According to the Chinese zodiac, it is helpful for unlucky people.

There are two kinds of Pixiu based on their antlers. The one with two antlers is the female. She is called a "Bìxié". The one with one antler is the male. He is called a "Tiānlù".


Pixiu can smell gold and silver. They bring their masters money in their mouth. Statues of this creature are often used to attract wealth in feng shui.

Today, Pixiu are a popular design on jade necklaces. It was also shown as a design on the sword of Fa Mulan's character in the 1998 Disney animated feature movie, "Mulan".

Once Pixiu broke the rules of Heaven by discharging faeces on the floor of Heaven. When it was found out, it was punished by the Jade Emperor. The punishment of spanking was hard enough to cause its anus to be permanently sealed. The Jade Emperor further announced that the food of the Pixiu would be restricted to gold, silver, and jewels.

Another story describes the Pixiu as the well-behaved youngest son of the Dragon King. He was spoiled by his parents. One day, Pixiu played on the Dragon King's desk and broke a seal by mistake. The seal showed the power of the Dragon King. The Dragon King became very angry. He used magic to turn Pixiu into an animal. He then sealed his rectum. He announced that from then on, Pixiu could only eat things representing wealth.

Pixiu have a fame of being wild animals. The large fangs can be seen in their mouths. These are used to attack demons and evil spirits. It could convert them to wealth. Pixiu also guard against disease caused by these evil spirits. Pixiu patrols the Heavens to keep demons away and to protect their owners from all harms.

Pixiu would always and constantly guard its master, even after he passed from this life onto the next world. Pixiu would help their masters to go to Heaven by flying them up to Heaven on their backs.

Jade Emperor

The Jade Emperor ( or , ') is one of the representations of the first god ( ') in Chinese mythology and religion. In Daoist theology, he is associated with Yuanshi Tianzun, one of the Three Pure Ones. He is also the " ("Highest Power") of Caodaism. He is often identified with Śakra in Chinese Buddhist cosmology. In Korean mythology, he is known as Haneullim.

The Jade Emperor is known by many names. Some names include (1) the Heavenly Grandfather (, '), which originally meant "Heavenly Duke", (2) the Jade Lord; (3) the Highest Emperor; (4) Great Emperor of Jade (, ' or , ").

The Jade Emperor was originally the assistant of the Divine Master of the Heavenly Origin, Yuanshi Tianzun. Yuanshi Tianzun is the supreme beginning, the limitless and eternal creator of Heaven and Earth. He picked Yu-huang, or the Jade Emperor, as his personal successor.

The Jade Emperor will later be succeeded by the Heavenly Master of the Dawn of Jade of the Golden Door (). The characters for both are shown on the front of the arms of his throne.

In two traditional writing texts produced in 1925 and 1972, Guan Yu became the 18th Jade Emperor in about 1840 AD. However, some have disagreed that Guan Yu has succeeded. And thus the Jade Emperor and Guan Yu are often worshiped separately. In Tienti teaching, the ruling Jade Emperor has 55 predecessors. However, this is from the opinion of the Chinese folk religion. Many Taoists do not believe these claims to be true.

The Jade Emperor's Birthday () falls on the ninth day of the first lunar month. On this day, Taoist temples perform a Jade Emperor ritual (, "", literally "heaven worship"). In this, priests and common people lie straight on the ground, burn incenses and make food offerings.

Alfa Romeo 121

The Alfa Romeo 121 was an Italian aircraft engine produced by Alfa Romeo. It has a Horsepower of 380.


Alfa Romeo 125

The Alfa Romeo 125 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made by Alfa Romeo in the 1930s. between 1934 and 1944 there where 11,000 units built.


Chang'e

Chang'e () or Chang-Er or Chang-o or Heng'e is the Chinese female deity of the Moon. She is the topic of many stories in Chinese mythology. Most of her stories are associated with Houyi, the archer, an Emperor, an elixir of life and the Moon. She was married to Houyi. In present days, the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program was named after her.

There are many stories about Chang'e. The following is about the origin of the Mid-Autumn Festival. In one version, long time ago, Chang'e was a beautiful woman. Ten suns had risen together into the skies. They had scorched the Earth. Thus, it caused hardship for the people. Houyi, the archer, shot down nine of them. He left just one Sun. He was given either two or one with enough for two elixirs of immortality as a reward. He did not drink it directly. He let Chang'e keep it with her because he did not want to be immortal without his beloved wife. However, while Houyi went out hunting, his enemy Fengmeng went into his house. And he tried to force Chang'e to give the elixir to him. She drank them instead of giving them to Fengmeng. Then, Chang'e flew upward past the heavens. There, she chose the Moon as her home. As she loved her husband, she wanted to live nearby him. That is why she chose the moon. Houyi found out what had happened and felt sorry. So, he displayed the fruits and cakes that Chang'e had enjoyed. Then, he killed himself.

In older versions of the story, Chang'e stole the elixir from Houyi. Then, she drank it and flew away to the Moon. Then, her husband could not go after her. Chang'e appears in Wu Cheng'en's late 16th-century novel, "Journey to the West".

Charlie Rich

Charles Allan Rich was an American country music singer, songwriter, and musician. 1960 was the first time he had a song on Billboard Hot 100 music chart.

Rich was born and raised in Arkansas, United States, to rural cotton farmers. He attended Consolidated High School in Forrest City. 

He was born on December 14, 1932 in Colt, Arkansas.

He died on July 25, 1995.

Charlie died July 25, 1973 at a motel in southeastern Louisiana city, while travelling to Florida with his wife.

Mid-Autumn Festival

The Mid-Autumn Festival or the Moon Festival or the Mooncake Festival is a traditional festival celebrated in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, and Vietnam, as well as by overseas Chinese and Vietnamese people. Similar holidays are celebrated in Japan, Korea, and across many Southeast Asian regions.

It is one of the most important holidays in Chinese culture. Its popularity is at the same level with that of Chinese New Year. The history of the Mid-Autumn Festival dates back to 3,000 years back. The festival is held on the 15th day of the 8th month of the Chinese lunisolar calendar. It is celebrated in a full moon night. It is during the mid-September to early October according to the Gregorian calendar. On this day, the Chinese believe that the moon is at its brightest and fullest size. This coincides with the harvesting time in the middle of Autumn.

Lanterns of all sizes and shapes, are carried and displayed. This symbolises that light brings people's way to prosperity and good luck. Mooncakes, are traditionally eaten during this festival. These are mostly filled with sweet-bean, egg yolk, meat or lotus-seed paste. The Mid-Autumn Festival is based on the story of Chang'e, the moon goddess in Chinese mythology.

An important part of the festival celebration is Moon worship. The ancient Chinese people believed in renewing associated with the Moon and water. This concept is related to the menstruation of women. So, they called it "monthly water".
A very important part of celebrating the festival is carrying the bright lanterns and lighting them on towers or floating sky lanterns. Another tradition involving lanterns is to write riddles on them and have other people try to guess the answers ().

Lantern usages were not combined with Moon-worship before the Tang dynasty. Traditionally, the lantern has been used to represent fertility. The laterns act mainly as a toy and decoration. But today the lantern has come to depict the festival itself. In the old days, lanterns were made in the image of natural things, myths and local cultures. As time passed, a greater variety of lanterns could be found as local cultures became influenced by their neighbors.

As China gradually evolved from a farming society to a mixed farming and trading one, traditions from other festivals began to be brought into the Mid-Autumn Festival. For example, the putting of lanterns on rivers to help the souls of the drowned as practiced during the Ghost Festival. During the Qing dynasty, Hong Kong fishermen would put up lanterns on their boats for the Ghost Festival. They keep the lanterns up until Mid-Autumn Festival.

Giovanni Fattori

Giovanni Fattori (1825-1908) was an Italian painter. His works are seen as impressionist today. He was a member of a group of painters known as Macchiaioli.

Lou Grant

Lou Grant is a fictional character in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and its related TV show "Lou Grant".

Ed Asner played Lou Grant.

Lachin corridor

Lachin corridor a six-kilometer mountain corridor in Azerbaijan that connects Armenia and the self-proclaimed Republic of Artsakh. The territory of the corridor today consists of three settlements: the villages of Zabukh, Sus and the city of Lachin.

After the First Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1994, the area was occupied by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. Following the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war it is now controlled by Russian peacekeepers.

Sarcohyla miahuatlanensis

The Sierra Miahuatlan spikethumb tree frog ("Sarcohyla miahuatlanensis") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it in one place: a pine-oak forest in the Sierra de Miahuatlán, Oaxaca.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about the frog say it is similar to the southern Sierra Madre tree frog in size, but it is a different color.

Alfa Romeo 126

The Alfa Romeo 126 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made by Alfa Romeo.


Alfa Romeo 128

The Alfa Romeo 128 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo. It was commonly used in World War II aircraft.


Alfa Romeo 135

The Alfa Romeo 135 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo. designed in 1934-1935 and got it's first test in 1938.



Prophage

A prophage is a bacteriophage genome. It is part of the circular bacterial DNA chromosome, or it is a plasmid outside the circular chromosome.. 

This is a latent form of a phage: the viral genes are there in the bacterium but cause no disruption of the bacterial cell. 

Pro means "before", so, prophage means the stage of a virus inserted into host DNA "before being activated inside the host".

Prophages are important agents of horizontal gene transfer.

Alfa Romeo Lynx

The Alfa Romeo Lynx is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo. It's a licensed version of the Armstrong Siddeley lynx.

Alfa Romeo RA.1000

The Alfa Romeo RA.1000 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo.

Agusta GA.70

The Agusta GA.70 is a Italian piston aircraft engine made by Agusta.



Agusta GA.140

The Agusta GA.140 is a Italian piston aircraft engine made by Agusta.



Agusta

Agusta is an Italian Helicopter and engine builder. it was found by Giovanni Agusta in 1929. Its headquarter is in samarate, Italy.

It is since the year 2000 that it merged with the company westland to create the now famous AgustaWestland.



Leucadendron

Leucadendron is a genus of about 80 species of flowering plants in the family Proteaceae, endemic to South Africa, where they are a prominent part of the fynbos ecoregion and vegetation type.


Social services

Social services, also called Welfare service or Social Work are any publicly or privately provided services intended to aid disadvantages
, distressed and vulnerable person or groups. The social services also denotes the Profession engaged in rendering such services.

Death watch beetle

The deathwatch beetle ("Xestobium rufovillosum") is a species of woodboring beetle. It lives in pieces of wood and can sometimes be found in the wooden parts of old buildings. The adult beetle is brown and about long. Eggs are laid in dark crevices in old wood inside buildings, trees, and inside tunnels left behind by previous larvae. The larvae bore into the timber. Larvae feed for up to ten years before pupating, and later emerging from the wood as adult beetles. Timber that has been damp and is affected by fungal decay is soft enough for the larvae to chew through. They use enzymes present in their gut to digest the cellulose and hemicellulose in the wood.

The larvae of deathwatch beetles weaken the structural timbers of a building by tunnelling through them. Treatment with insecticides to kill the larvae does not work. Killing the adult beetles when they emerge in spring and early summer may be a better option. Infestation by these beetles is mostly in historic buildings, because modern buildings tend to use softwoods for joists and rafters instead of aged oak timbers, which the beetles prefer.

To attract mates, the adult insects create a tapping or ticking sound that can sometimes be heard in the rafters of old buildings on summer nights; therefore, the deathwatch beetle is associated with quiet, sleepless nights and is named for the vigil (watch) being kept beside the dying or dead. By extension, a superstition has grown up that these sounds are an omen of impending death.

Aerosport-Rockwell LB600

The Aerosport-Rockwell LB600 is an engine made by Aerosport and is based on a snowmobile. 

Aerosport

Aerosport was a company founded by Harold Woods in Holly Springs, North Carolina in 1971.

They make aircraft and engines.



Rockwell

Rockwell is a major American manufacturer of aircraft.


Aeronca E-113

The Aeronca E-113 is a piston engine made by Aeronca.


Tabyin-ul-Kalam

Tabyin-ul-Kalam was an Urdu-language book. It was written around 1862 by Syed Ahmed Khan. It was written as a commentary on the Bible. It has a comparative study of Islam and Christianity in order to improve the relationship between British people and Muslims. He proved from this book the basic "similarities between Islam and Christianity".

In the first discourse of Tabyin-ul-Kalam, he deals with “the necessity of coming of Prophets to save mankind” based on Quranic studies. In the second volume of his Tabyin ul-Kalam, the advocacy of a non-literal reading of the Qur'an (and the Bible) is found.

Although due to lack of resources this work was not finished, yet it showed Syed's commitment to improve relations.


Aeronca

Aeronca is an American aircraft manufacturer and its headquarters is in Middletown, Ohio.


ABC Wasp

The ABC Wasp is a Piston aircraft engine. It's made in the UK By ABC Motors. The first engine was made in 1916 and there where 56 engines made.






ABC Scorpion

The ABC Scorpion is a piston aircraft engine. It's made in the UK By ABC Motors. The first engine was made in 1921.



ABC Motors

ABC Motors is a United Kingdom engine and aircraft manufacturer. The headquarter is in Hersham, surrey.



Zipporah

Zipporah is a woman in the Bible. She is in the Book of Exodus. She is the daughter of Reuel/Jethro, the priest and prince of Midian. She marries Moses.

Bentley BR1

The Bentley BR1 is a Britsh piston aircraft engine made by Bentley during the First World War. 


Structuring

Structuring, also called smurfing is a way to cheat in American banking. It is the act of breaking a large sum of money into smaller sums to hide it from the law. Some United States laws, for example the Bank Secrecy Act and Internal Revenue Code say people have to tell the government if they move large amounts of money all at once. By moving the money in smaller amounts, people can sneak past the law. People might structure if they are trying to make criminal money look like honest money or committing fraud.

Structuring is the act of dividing a large financial transaction, for example a payment or bank deposit, into many smaller ones to sneak past the law. The structurer, or "smurf," makes sure each smaller sum is lower than the number that the law says must be reported. For example, if the limit is $10,000 in one day, the structurer will move no more than $9,999.99 in one day. groups of criminals sometimes use many smurfs who move money.

The word "smurfing" comes from the Smurfs, which are fictional people from comic books. The Smurf village has a large group of many small people. A Miami lawyer named Gregory Baldwin may be the person who first named structuring "smurfing." People have called it that since the 1980s.

In the United States, the Bank Secrecy Act says people must write the government currency transaction reports (CTRs) if they buy, sell, or deposit money worth $10,000 or more. This is either in USD or any money from any other country. Financial institutions, for example banks, that think someone might be smurfing have to tell the government about it. They file a suspicious activity report (SAR). In 1986, the U.S. Congress passed a new part of Title 31 of the United States Code:

No person shall, for the purpose of evading the reporting requirements of section 5313 (a) or 5325 or any regulation prescribed under any such section, the reporting or record keeping requirements imposed by any order issued under section 5326, or the record keeping requirements imposed by any regulation prescribed under section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or section 123 of Public Law 91–508—[...]

(3) structure or assist in structuring, or attempt to structure or assist in structuring, any transaction with one or more domestic financial institutions.

This law also says that people who smurf may be punished with paying their own money, five years in prison, or both. The filing of Form 8300 is required under Internal Revenue Code section 6050I.

If a bank files a suspicious activity report, a judge may issue a warrant. This is a piece of paper that says, in this case, the police or other agents may take the money in the smaller payments and hold it as evidence. Even if the person or business was not really smurfing, they still have to hire lawyers and go to a court of law. This can cost $20,000 or more.

In 2014, "The New York Times" printed a story about money taken from innocent people in this way. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) then changed the way it worked.

If a banks thinks a customer is smurfing and files a suspicious activity report, the bank is not allowed to tell the customer about it unless the customer asks. Sometimes bank desk employees will warn customers anyway.

The word "smurfing" is also for drugss, for example pseudoephedrine. In this type of smurfing, the agent buys small amounts of legal drugs from many places, then puts the small amounts together to make enough to make the illegal drug methamphetamine. Also, since the monthly pseudoephedrine purchase limits in US are too low for mass meth production, this practice often involves using multiple people, other "smurfs."

As Robert Pennal of the Fresno Meth Task Force explains:

Then we started seeing "smurfing." Remember how the smurfs were little gatherers? We started getting calls from different retail stores that people were buying two or three packs—that's the most you can buy—and they went to one store, they bought three, they went to another store, bought three. We're seeing blister packs everywhere because they're sitting in the car, they're punching the pills out of the blister packs, they're putting them in the freezer bags and they're turning them over to chemical brokers.



Bentley BR2

The Bentley BR2 is a Britsh piston aircraft engine made by Bentley during the first world war.



Manometer

A manometer is a device that is able to measure the pressure of a medium (a liquid, or a gas), it is also used to check the pressure of cylinder but it can only check the inner pressure not outer. In most cases, the relative pressure will be measured. A barometer can measure the absolute pressure, compared to a vacuum.A common simple manometer consists of a U-shaped glass tube filled with a liquid. It is a simple pressure gauge and it's measure difference in pressure exerted at the two ends of the glass tube. The name ("manometer") comes from Ancient Greek, μανός manós -thin and μέτρον métron measurement, or ruler. Many animals have a tympanic membrane (or eardrum), which only reacts to changes in pressure similar to a manometer.

General Secretary of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party

General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party is the office of the highest-ranking member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). That person is also typically (or usually) the supreme leader of Laos.

Meldreth

Meldreth is a village in South Cambridgeshire, and is south-west of Cambridge. From the 2011 Census the population was 1,783.

Acrisure Stadium

Acrisure Stadium is a sports stadium located in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Acrisure Stadium is the home stadium facility of the Pittsburgh Steelers NFL franchise and the University of Pittsburgh Panthers college football team. The stadium sits on approximately 12.4 acres of land and has a capacity of 64,450. Acrisure Stadium is only used as a football facility. The stadium opened in August 2001 and the Steelers debuted there during the 2001-2002 NFL season.

Bridei III

Bridei III (616-693) was King of the Picts from 672 until 693, he defeated the Northumbrian king Ecgfrith and killed him at the Battle of Nechtansmere in 685.

Portrait of the artist Carlo Bazzi (Beltrame)

Portrait of the artist Carlo Bazzi is a painting by the italian painter Achille Beltrami, made in 1910, that shows the artist Carlo Bazzi.



Critical race theory

Critical race theory (CRT) is a way that scholars study and teach civil rights and the history of race, especially in the United States. Critical race theory shows another way of thinking and doing things than mainstream American liberal racial justice. CRT looks at social, cultural, and legal things and the way they affect race and racism. CRT says that the reason white people ended up and stayed richer and more politically powerful than people of other races was not only because of people acting racist on purpose. It was also because of complicated, changing social rules that people didn't always know were there.

American legal scholars started CRT in the mid-1970s. Derrick Bell, Alan Freeman, Kimberlé Crenshaw, Richard Delgado, Cheryl Harris, Charles R. Lawrence III, Mari Matsuda, and Patricia J. Williams wrote about it. It became a movement by the 1980s. Critical race theory included some theories of critical legal studies (CLS) but it put more focus on race. CRT uses critical theory and scholars Antonio Gramsci, Sojourner Truth, Frederick Douglass, and W. E. B. DuBois are in it, as well as the Black Power, Chicano, and radical feminist movements from the 1960s and 1970s.

CRT scholars think about race as an intersectional social construct. "Social construct" means that it comes from society's rules and not from the physical world. For example, money is a social construct. A piece of paper is worth money because the society agrees that it is. For example, which continent someone's ancestors came from is a real thing. However, whether or not that is important is a social construct. When CRT says that race is not "biologically grounded and natural," it does not mean that human beings from different parts of Earth do not look different. It means that the rules around looking different are made up. Instead, they think of race as an idea that makes life easier for white people by making it worse for people in other races. In legal studies, CRT says that even laws that are color blind, meaning laws that look like they are not about race, can still have racist effects. CRT focuses on intersectionality, which means that race affects other identities, for example gender and social class, to produce complicated effects on power and advantage.

Scholars who do not think CRT is good say that CRT acts as if storytelling is more important than evidence and logic, that it does not treat truth and merit as important enough, and that it does not value liberalism enough.
Since 2020, conservative U.S. lawmakers have tried to keep CRT and other antiracism education out of primary and secondary schools. CRT is only taught at the university level, though some lower-level curricula do teach some CRT without calling it that. Supporters of CRT say these lawmakers don't talk honestly about CRT and that what they really want is for people to stop talking about racism, equality, social justice, and the history of race in America.

In his introduction to the comprehensive 1995 publication of critical race theory's key writings, Cornel West describes CRT as "an intellectual movement that is both particular to our postmodern (and conservative) times and part of a long tradition of human resistance and liberation." 

Law professor Roy L. Brooks defines critical race theory in 1994 as "a collection of critical stances against the existing legal order from a race-based point of view". "Education Week" describes the core of CRT as the idea that that race is a social construct and racism is neither an individual bias nor prejudiceit is "embedded in the legal system" and supplemented with policies and procedures.

University of Alabama School of Law professor Richard Delgado, a co-founder of critical race theory, defines it in 2017 as "a collection of activists and scholars interested in studying and transforming the relationship among race, racism, and power".

Gloria Ladson-Billings, a pedagogical theorist who introduced CRT to the field of education in 1994, describes CRT as an "interdisciplinary approach that seeks to understand and combat race inequity in society."

Delgado and legal writer Jean Stefancic wrote an article in 1998 called "Critical Race Theory: Past, Present, and Future." According to that article, CRT began with Derrick Bell in his 1976 "Yale Law Journal" article, "Serving Two Masters" and his 1980 "Harvard Law Review" article "Brown v. Board of Education and the Interest-Convergence Dilemma." 

Bell started out as a civil rights lawyer. He won 300 civil rights cases for the NAACP in Mississippi. Later, he worked as a professor at Harvard Law School. There, Bell made new classes about American law and how it worked with race.

In 2001, Delgado and Stefancic also wrote "Critical Race Theory: a Introduction". That book talked about Bell's "interest convergence" as a "means of understanding Western racial history." The focus on desegregation after the 1954 Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Educationdeclaring school segregation unconstitutionalleft "civil-rights lawyers compromised between their clients' interests and the law." Many Black parents wanted better schools for their children but the lawyers wanted a "breakthrough," a famous case that would change things for the whole country. In 1995, Cornel West said that Bell was "virtually the lone dissenter" because he wrote articles in famous law review publications challenging the ways people thought about the law and people of color. 

Bell wrote his own material for the classes he taught. In 1970, he turned them into a book called "Race, racism, and American law". He became Harvard Law School's first Black tenured professor in 1971. In 1980, Bell resigned from the university because he thought it was doing racist things, and he became the dean at University of Oregon School of Law. Later, he went back to Harvard as a visiting professor. While he was away from Harvard, his supporters organized protests against Harvard's lack of racial diversity in the classes, student body, and teachers. In 1981, one student protest started a new class based on Bell's course and textbook. In that class, students brought in visiting professors, such as Charles Lawrence, Linda Greene, Neil Gotanda, and Richard Delgado, to teach "Race, racism, and American law". 

The students asked faculty members who were people of color to teach the new courses. The university said no to the things the students wanted. They said there was no black instructor who was qualified to teach the course. Legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote that some students had "felt affronted" by Harvard's choice to hire an "archetypal white liberal... in a way that precludes the development of black leadership." 

Delgado and Stefancic said Alan Freeman, who wrote in the 1970s, was also part of the beginning of critical race theory. In his 1978 "Minnesota Law Review" article, Freeman wrote about the Supreme Court and civil rights laws from 1953 to 1969. He said their interpretation of the law was too narrow to stop racial discrimination. In his article, Freeman said there were two ways to look at racial discrimination: victim and perpetrator. To the victim, racial discrimination was about real-world conditions and about the "consciousness associated with those objective conditions." To the perpetrator, racial discrimination was only about being able to perform actions without thining about the real-world conditions of the victims, such as the "lack of jobs, lack of money, lack of housing." 

In 1989, Kimberlé Crenshaw, Neil Gotanda, and Stephanie Phillips did a workshop at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. They called it "New Developments in Critical Race Theory." This was when people started calling it "Critical Race Theory." They said it would be an "intersection of critical theory and race, racism, and the law." Crenshaw chose Harvard to study under Bell because she had learned about him at Cornell. Crenshaw organized the alternative course using Bell's course materials. She was part of a group of students who considered themselves part of the "post-civil rights generation".

After this meeting, legal scholars started writing more articles with critical race theory in them, including over "300 leading law review articles" and books. In 1990, Duncan Kennedy published an article about affirmative action in law schools in the "Duke Law Journal", and Anthony E. Cook published his article "Beyond Critical Legal Studies" in the "Harvard Law Review". In 1991, Patricia Williams published "The Alchemy of Race and Rights", while Derrick Bell published "Faces at the Bottom of the Well" in 1992. Cheryl I. Harris published her 1993 "Harvard Law Review" article "Whiteness as Property" in which she described how looking like a white person led to benefits similar to owning property. In 1995, 24 legal scholars contributed to a major compilation of key writings on critical race theory. 

Although CLS criticized the way the legal system had made and protected social structures that allowed racism or made it worse, CLS did not talk about how to solve this problems. Derrick Bell and Alan Freeman said that CLS could not provide solutions unless it talked about race and racism. CRT criticized CLS for focusing too much on class and economic structures and not enough on race. 

In 1995, Gloria Ladson-Billings and William F. Tate started using critical race theory in education. In an article they wrote in 1995, Ladson-Billings and Tate talked about why education focused on what white people think of as normal. They looked at how schooling was not always fair and equal. Other scholars have since spread this to school segregation in the U.S.; relations between race, gender, and academic achievement; pedagogy; and ways of studying social problems.

According to University of Edinburgh philosophy professor, Tommy J. Curry, by 2009, many agreed with CRT's idea that race was socially constructed, not "biologically grounded and natural." "Social construct" means that even though how much dark pigment different people have in their skin is a real thing, and which continent their ancestors came from is a real thing, whether or not those facts are important is made up by society. For example, money is a social construct. A round piece of metal is real. A piece of paper with ink on it is real. But societies decide whether the metal is a coin and whether the paper is paper money.

, over 20 American law schools and at least three non-American law schools offered critical race theory courses or classes. Critical race theory is also used in education, political science, women's studies, ethnic studies, communication, sociology, and American studies. Critical race theory also works with specific groups, for example Latino-critical (LatCrit), queer-critical, and Asian-critical movements. These groups work with with the main body of critical theory research. Over time, they found their own goals and ways of finding information. CRT has also been taught outside the United States, including in the United Kingdom and Australia.

Richard Delgado and Jean Stefancic say that critical race theory has several themes:

Scholar Karen Pyke studied and wrote papers about internalized racism or internalized racial oppression. This is when people who suffer from racism start to believe that they are not as good as whites or that their culture is not as good as white culture. They think this not because they are less intelligent or easier to trick than other people are. Instead, it is because this is how authority and power in society make people feel.

Camara Phyllis Jones defines institutionalized racism like this:
In other words, institutionalized racism is when the society is set up to help some people more than others and hurt some people more than others and it isn't always easy to see this happening. With institutionalized racism, a white person does not need to do anything racist to a non-white person. The rules of the society do it for them. For example, the schools in white neighborhoods might have more and newer computers than the schools in black neighborhoods, which means the white schoolchildren will get better grades even if the black schoolchildren work just as hard. The people at the white school might not know that the people at the black school have worse computers. In English, we say this as, "this is not a level playing field."

Critical race theory is like critical theory, critical legal studies, feminist jurisprudence, and postcolonial theory. Tommy J. Curry wrote that the epistemic ways in which these ways of thinking are similar come from idealism. Idealism is about discourse (i.e., how individuals speak about race) and the theories of white Continental philosophers and the way they talk about structural and institutional stories about white supremacy. These ways of speaking and thinking are important to realist analysis of racism from Derrick Bell's early writing. Black thinkers, for example, W. E. B. Du Bois, Paul Robeson, and Judge Robert L. Carter wrote about them even more.

Critical race theory uses the things critical legal studies says are important. It also uses ways of looking at things from critical legal studies and civil rights scholarship, but it also argues with them. Critical race theory takes its theory from many places. Angela P. Harris says critical race theory has the same "commitment to a vision of liberation from racism through right reason" as civil rights tradition. It deconstructs some premises and arguments of legal theory and simultaneously holds that legally constructed rights are incredibly important. Derrick Bell says that Harris thinks critical race theory is committed to "radical critique of the law (which is normatively deconstructionist) and... radical emancipation by the law (which is normatively reconstructionist)."

Scholars of critical race theory have used it to look at hate crime and hate speech. The U.S. Supreme Court made a ruling on hate speech in "R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul" in 1992. In that ruling, the Court struck down an anti-bias ordinance. In that case, a teenager who had burned a cross. Mari Matsuda and Charles Lawrence argued that the Court had not looked closely at the history of racist speech and the actual injury that racist speech can cause.

Critical race theorists also say affirmative action is good. They say that rules for whom to fire or whom to let into a good school that are officially based only on "merit," for example grades alone, are not really race-neutral.

According to the "Encyclopedia Britannica", "aspects of CRT have been criticized by legal scholars and jurists from across the political spectrum." Critics say it has a "postmodern way of looking at the truth. It also says critical race theory opposes "the traditional liberal ideals of neutrality, equality, and fairness in the law and legal procedures and of unreasonably spurning the notion of objective standards of merit in academia and in public and private employment, instead interpreting any racial inequity or imbalance in legal, academic, or economic outcomes as proof of institutional racism and as grounds for directly imposing racially equitable outcomes in those realms." People who want to use CRT have also been accused of calling criticism of CRT racist.

In 1997, law professors Daniel A. Farber and Suzanna Sherry said that critical race theory did not have enough evidence to support it. Instead, they said, it was based on the belief that reality was a socially construct, that it pushed away evidence to use storytelling instead, rejected truth and merit as ways of looking at political dominance, and rejected the rule of law. In 1995, Farber and Sherry wrote that anti-meritocratic tenets in critical race theory, critical feminism, and critical legal studies may unintentionally lead to antisemitic and anti-Asian implications. They wrote in 1997 that if the system really is unfair in its structure the way critical race theorists say it is, then the success of Jews and Asians might make people say they cheated. In 2017, Delgado and Stefancic wrote a response: They said that there was a difference between criticizing an unfair system and criticizing individuals who do well inside that system.

In a 1999 "Boston College Law Review" article called "Race, Equality and the Rule of Law: Critical Race Theory's Attack on the Promises of Liberalism", First Amendment lawyer Jeffrey J. Pyle said that critical race theory undermined confidence in the rule of law. He wrote that "critical race theorists attack the very foundations of the liberal legal order, including equality theory, legal reasoning, Enlightenment rationalism and neutral principles of constitutional law."

Critical race theory inspired many arguments in the United States. The first were in the 1980s. People argued about the way critical race theory questioned color blindness. Color blindness, in this article, means the idea that one person can completely ignore another person's race and treat them fairly no matter what. People also argued about how critical race theory used narrative in legal studies, advocating "legal instrumentalism" instead of ideal-driven uses of the law. People also argued about how critical race theory looked at the U.S. Constitution and other laws and they way they hleped white people keep power over other people. People also argued about how critical race theory encourages legal scholars to work for racial equity. One example of an instrumentalist approach is when lawyer Johnnie Cochran's defended O. J. Simpson in the O. J. Simpson murder case. Cochran told the jury to say Simpson was not guilty of killing his ex wife and her friend, even though there was evidence against him as payback for the way the United States and the Los Angeles Police department had treated black people. This was a form of jury nullification. Before and after the 2020 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump opposed the teaching of critical race theory in schools as part of his platform. Other conservative politicians did so too on Fox News and right-wing radio shows.

When Bill Clinton nominated Lani Guinier for Assistant Attorney General, Republicans said she should not get the job. One of their reasons was that she supported CRT. Clinton withdrew the nomination due to disagreements with her legal philosophy.

In 2010, a state law stopped a Mexican-American studies university program in Tucson, Arizona because it said public schools could not teach race-conscious education by "advocat[ing] ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals." The law banned books, including a book about CRT, from the school. State officials banned Matt de la Peña's young-adult novel "Mexican WhiteBoy" because they said it contained critical race theory. The rules against ethnic-studies programs were later declared unconstitutional because lawyers were able to prove that the state had meant to discriminate against some groups of people on purpose: "Both enactment and enforcement were motivated by racial animus," federal Judge A. Wallace Tashima ruled.

In June 2021, the media reported that the proposed lessons for Australia's schools was "preoccupied with the oppression, discrimination and struggles of Indigenous Australians." The Australian Senate approved a motion from right-wing senator Pauline Hanson asking the federal government to not use CRT, even though there was no CRT in in the lessons.

Conservatives in the government of the United Kingdom began to criticize CRT in late 2020. Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch, who is of Nigerian descent, said during a parliamentary debate to mark Black History Month:

In an interview in "The Spectator", Badenoch said, "many of these booksand, in fact, some of the authors and proponents of critical race theoryactually want a segregated society." 101 writers from the Black Writers' Guild responded in an open letter, telling Badenoch she was wrong to criticize books like "White Fragility" and "Why I'm No Longer Talking to White People About Race".

"The Washington Post" says that conservative lawmakers and other conservatives have used the term "critical race theory" as a "catchall phrase for nearly any examination of systemic racism." In September 2020, conservative activist Christopher Rufo denounced CRT on Fox News, and then Donald Trump issued an executive order saying the United States federal government must cancel funding for programs that talk about "white privilege" or "critical race theory." President Trump said that this was because critical race theory was "divisive, un-American propaganda" and "racist." Rufo wrote on Twitter, "The goal is to have the public read something crazy in the newspaper and immediately think 'critical race theory,'" meaning that conservatives were trying to trick the public into thinking critical race theory was bad.

In a speech on September 17, 2020, Trump said critical race theory was bad. He said he had formed the 1776 Commission to promote "patriotic education." On January 20, 2021, Joe Biden took back Trump's order and ended the 1776 Commission. Conservative think tanks and other conservative groups continued to work on opposition to both actual critical race theory and what they mistakenly thought was critical race theory. These groups include the Heritage Foundation, the Idaho Freedom Foundation, and the American Legislative Exchange Council.

In early 2021, potential laws were started. These laws would limit the teaching of critical race theory in public schools in Idaho, Iowa, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas. Several of these bills used the words "critical race theory" or talked about the "New York Times" 1619 Project. In mid-April 2021, a bill was introduced to the Idaho legislature that would have banned any educational entity in the state (schools and other things like schools) from teaching or advocating sectarianism, including critical race theory and other social justice programs. On May 4, 2021, the bill was signed into law by Governor Brad Little. On June 10, 2021, every member of the Florida State Board of Education voted to stop public schools from teaching critical race theory. They did this because governor Ron DeSantis asked them to. As of July 2021, 10 U.S. states have introduced bills or done other things that would limit teaching critical race theory, and 26 others were in the process of doing so. In June 2021, the American Association of University Professors, the American Historical Association, the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and PEN America released a joint paper saying that these laws were bad. By August 2021, 167 professional organizations had signed the statement. In August 2021, the Brookings Institution recorded that eight statesIdaho, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Iowa, New Hampshire, Arizona, and South Carolinahad passed laws on the critical race theory, though they also noted that none of the bills had passed, with the exception of Idaho's, actually contained the words "critical race theory." Brookings also noted that these laws often also stop teaching about gender. Critics called the state laws a memory law and said that the law banning critical race theory was proof that critical race theory was right: that racism is part of the law in the United States.

There are smaller groups in critical race theory for different communities of people. These groups look at race and the way it affects disability, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, class, and religion. For example, disability critical race studies (DisCrit), critical race feminism (CRF), Hebrew Crit (HebCrit), Black Critical Race Theory (Black Crit), Latino critical race studies (LatCrit), Asian American critical race studies (AsianCrit), South Asian American critical race studies (DesiCrit), and American Indian critical race studies, which is sometimes called TribalCrit. The methods developed for CRT have also been used to studying groups of white immigrants. In response to CRT, some scholars have asked for a second wave of whiteness studies. It is called Second Wave Whiteness (SWW). Critical race theory has also inspired scholars to study race outside the United States.

Disability critical race studies (DisCrit) combines disability studies and CRT to look at the intersection of disability and race. This means the way race and disability affect each other.

Latino critical race theory (LatCRT or LatCrit) is a research framework that talks about the way society defines race. Latino critical race theory says this is important to how people of color are oppressed in society. Race scholars developed LatCRT as a critical response to the "problem of the color line" first explained by W. E. B. Du Bois. While CRT focuses on the Black–White paradigm, LatCRT has moved to consider other racial groups, mainly Chicana/Chicanos, as well as Latinos/as, Asians, Native Americans/First Nations, and women of color.

In "Critical Race Counterstories along the Chicana/Chicano Educational Pipeline", Tara J. Yosso discusses how the limits placed on POC can be defined. The tenets that separate such individuals are the intercentricity of race and racism, the problem of dominant ideology, the commitment to social justice, the centrality of experience knowledge, and the way of looking at things that uses many types of scholarship.

LatCRT's main focus is to work for social justice for people living in communities that have been pushed to the edges of society (specifically Chicana/os). Chicanos are Mexican-Americans. Society has placed limits on them that put them at a disadvantage, like with other people of color. Social institutions act to dispossess Chicanos, stop them from voting, and discriminate against them. LatCRT seeks to give voice to those who are victimized. In order to do so, LatCRT has created two common themes:

First, CRT says society keeps white supremacy and racial power in place; they do not stay there on their own. The law is a big part of keeping them where they are. Some racial groups do not have the voice to speak in this civil society. Because of this, CRT introduced a new form of expression, called the "voice of color". The "voice of color" is narratives and storytelling monologues used as devices for conveying personal racial experiences. These are also used to counter metanarratives that continue to maintain racial inequality. In this way, the experiences of the oppressed are important parts of developing a LatCRT analytical approach.

Second, LatCRT investigates the possibility of transforming the relationship between law enforcement and racial power and working for racial emancipation and an end to some groups being pushed around. LatCRT is different from general critical race theory in that it talks more about immigration theory and policy, language rights, and the way people are discriminated against for having accents or ancestors from other countries. CRT finds the experiential knowledge of people of color and works with their lived experience using data. LatCRT shows its research using many kinds of stories.

Asian critical race theory looks at the way race and racism affect Asian Americans and their experiences in the U.S. education system. Like Latino critical race theory, Asian critical race theory is distinct from the main body of CRT in its emphasis on immigration theory and policy.



Green Book (movie)

Green Book is a 2018 American biographical comedy-drama movie directed by Peter Farrelly. The movie was inspired by the true story of a tour of the Deep South by African Americans.

Italo Giordani

Italo Giordani (1882 - 1956) was an Italian artist, a painter, who was active in France.

Italo Giordani moved to Naples to study at the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples. Later he studied first in Venice and then, from 1908 to 1909, in Milan, with Cesare Cesare Tallone as Master, finding success in France in 1917, and then with his exhibitions in Paris. He reached Lake Como and the locality of Lierna as a guest of some families of the European nobility on holiday. He devoted himself to the outdoor painting of landscapes and glimpses. But he also painted views of Venice, Martigues and Cannes, Amalfi and Posillipo, places intoxicated with light, and as he himself says "sung by poets, and visited by him in happy moments".

He painted above all landscapes, with the lakes of Como often inserted in countryside scenes. His artworks are characterized by polychromy and brightness.


Anything Goes (1936 movie)

Anything Goes is a 1936 American musical movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the 1934 musical of the same name by Guy Bolton and P. G. Wodehouse. It stars Bing Crosby, Ida Lupino, Charles Ruggles, Ethel Merman, Grace Bradley, Arthur Treacher, Robert McWade, Richard Carle, Margaret Dumont, Edward Gargan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Midnight Madonna

Midnight Madonna is a 1937 American drama movie directed by James Flood and starring Warren William, Mady Correll, Edward Ellis, Jonathan Hale, Joe Sawyer, Irene Franklin, Joseph Crehan. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Sunrise at the Splügen Pass

Sunrise at the Splügen Pass is a painting in oil by the Italian painter Carlo Bazzi, made in 1900.

Completed on November 8, 1900, it is a work of art that was exhibited in the exhibition IV Triennial of Milan of 1900 Some have seen in "Levata del sole allo Spluga" an answer verística Milanese " to Monet's "Impression, rising sun" with its colors and lights characteristic.



Forgotten war

"The Forgotten War" (capitalized) most often refers to:


The term forgotten war is also sometimes, though much less commonly and less specifically, used to refer to:

Bowers, Delaware

Bowers is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States. Bowers had 278 people in 2020.

Sorrowful Jones

Sorrowful Jones also known as Damon Runyon's Sorrowful Jones is a 1949 American comedy movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Lucille Ball, Bob Hope, Bruce Cabot, William Demarest. It is a remake of the 1934 movie Little Miss Marker and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Roadhouse Nights

Roadhouse Nights is a 1930 American crime movie directed by Hobart Henley and starring Helen Morgan, Charles Ruggles, Fred Kohler, Jimmy Durante, Tammany Young, Lou Clayton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Night of Nights

The Night of Nights is a 1939 American drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Pat O'Brien, Olympe Bradna, Roland Young, Reginald Gardiner, George E. Stone, Murray Alper, Richard Denning, Ethan Laidlaw. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Sarcohyla cyanomma

The blue-eyed aquatic tree frog ("Sarcohyla cyanomma") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in pine-oak forests. Scientists have seen it between 2640 and 2670 meters above sea level in the Sierra Juárez mountains.

Paolo Sala

Paolo Sala (born Milan in 1859) is an italian painter.

Sala began his studies in architecture and then attended the Brera Academy in Milan, and trained under the guidance of Camillo Boito.

He dedicates himself to the painting of subjects of romantic landscapes. In 1880 he won the Mylius Bernocchi Prize with a work of contemporary history "The Battle of Megenta of 1859.

Sala is famous for its romantic landscapes painted with lyrical intensity, but permeated with a strong realism due to the study of the impression from the real. Fervent traveler has painted the Russian, English, Dutch cities, the Venice lagoon, and the Lombard views and in particular he focused on Lake Como and the village of Lierna.



Beji (cookie)

Beji (Berji, Pashi, or Barsaq) is a traditional Kurdish sweet that is mostly prepared in Kermanshah, Ilam, and Kurdistan. Beji is made from a combination of wheat oil and flour. After frying, some sugar or powdered sugar is poured on it and used.

Beji is made from flour, sugar, oil, eggs, milk, cumin, fennel and turmeric. All ingredients are mixed together and fried in oil and garnished with sugar.

The word beji or berji is derived from the source berjanen, which in southern Kurdish means toast. Beji or burji means roasted. In another narration, beji means (survival) and is a kind of traditional homemade sweet that was used in the past as a travel bag and it means to eat and stay alive.

Luo Yiwei

Luo Yiwei (born 18 January 1990) is a Singapoean track cyclist. She competed at the 2017 South-East Asian Games, 2018 Commonwealth Games, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling Championships.

Nepali Congress, Madhesh Province

Nepali Congress, Madhesh Province The ruling Nepali Congress is the Pradesh Congress Committee. The current leader of the Nepali Congress parliamentary party in the state is Ram Saroj Yadav who is also the Minister of Physical Infrastructure of the state.


Rinata Sultanova

Rinata Sultanova (born 17 March 1998) is a Kazakh road and track cyclist.

She competed at the 2020 UCI Track Cycling Championship, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling Championship. She was national champion at the 2021 Kazakhistan National Time Trial Championships. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Asian Track Cycling Championship.


Ram Saroj Yadav

Ram Saroj Yadav (born 18 November 1953) is a Nepalese Politician who is the parliamentary party leader for the Nepali Congress in the Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province. Yadav, a resident of Dhanusha, was elected to the 2017 provincial assembly elections from Dhanusha 3 (A). He is the Deputy-CM and Physical Infrastructure Minister for Madhesh Province and took office on 9 June 2021. He a leader close to Nepali Congress central committee Vice President and former deputy Prime minister of Nepal, Bimalendra Nidhi.


Guy van Grinsven

Guy van Grinsven (6 January 1949 Maastricht – 11 October 2021 Maastricht) was a Dutch photographer. Van Grinsven was the founder of "Studiopress" 

He started his career as an aircraft manufacturer at aircraft manufacturer Fokker. Photography was initially only his hobby, but he already followed a course at the Dutch Photo School. He was employed as a photographer for a period of three years by the National Photo Press Agency, and was Dutch correspondent for the Associated Press.

He was also the TV producer and presenter of the weekly program "Niveau Bizz Magazine". He was also the publisher of a magazine, "Niveau Bizz magazine," which appears in the Euregio Meuse-Rhine. 

On September 11, 2001, Guy van Grinsven was the only Dutch photographer-cameraman to witness the attack on the World Trade Center in New York. In 2011, Van Grinsven returned to New York to make a new photo series according to the principle of "Dear-Photography" published among others in his own magazine "Niveau Bizz Magazine."

Since 2012 he has focused on making photo books about cities and their surroundings


Ethan William Childress

Ethan William Childress (born February 13, 2009 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an american actor. He is best known for his work in movies and television.

Movies and programs he has starred in include:

Enzo of Sardinia

Enzo (died March 14, 1272) was King of Sardinia from 1238 until 1249 when he was captured at the Battle of Fossalta.

Social Democratic Party (Portugal)

The Social Democratic Party (, ; PSD) is a liberal-conservative party in Portugal.

The PSD was founded in 1974, two weeks after the Carnation Revolution and in 1976 adopted its current name. In 1979, the PSD allied with centre-right parties to form the Democratic Alliance and won that year's election. After the 1983 general election, the party formed a grand coalition with the Socialist Party, known as the Central Bloc. This was before winning the 1985 general election under new leader Aníbal Cavaco Silva, who shifted the party to the right. 
Cavaco Silva served as Prime Minister for ten years, instituting major economic liberalisation and winning two landslide victories. After he stepped down, the PSD lost the 1995 election. The party was returned to power under José Manuel Durão Barroso in 2002, but was defeated in the 2005 election. The party was able to return to power after the 2011 elections and four years later was able to win a plurality in the 2015 legislative election, winning 107 seats in the Assembly of the Republic in alliance with the CDS – People's Party, but being unable to form a minority government. The current leader, Rui Rio, a centrist, was elected on 13 January 2018.
Originally a social-democratic party, the PSD became the main centre-right, conservative party in Portugal. The PSD is a member of the European People's Party and the Centrist Democrat International. Until 1996, the PSD belonged to the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party and Liberal International. The party publishes the weekly "Povo Livre" ("Free People") newspaper.

West Ukrainian People's Republic

The West Ukrainian People's Republic (WUPR) was a short-lived unrecognised government in-exile that controlled most of Eastern Galicia from November 1918 to July 1919. It included the cities of Lviv, Ternopil, Kolomyia, Drohobych, Boryslav, Stanislaviv (now Ivano-Frankivsk) and right-bank Przemyśl, and claimed parts of Bukovina and Carpathian Ruthenia. 
The WUPR emerged as a breakaway state amid the dissolution of Austria-Hungary, and in January 1919 nominally united with the Ukrainian People's Republic (UPR) as its autonomous Western Oblast. Poland had also claimed this territory, and by July occupied most of it and forced the West Ukrainian government into exile. When the UPR decided late the same year that it would trade the territory for an alliance with Poland against Soviet Russia, the exiled West Ukrainian government broke with the UPR. The exiled government continued its claim until it dissolved in 1923.

The coat of arms of the WUPR was azure, a golden lion rampant on a field of blue. The colours of the flag were blue and yellow.
Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918–1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 1: А–Ж. Івано-Франківськ : Манускрипт-Львів, 2018. 688 с.

Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918–1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 2: З–О. Івано-Франківськ : Манускрипт-Львів, 2019. 832 с.

Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918-1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 3: П – С. Івано-Франківськ: Манускрипт-Львів, 2020.576 с.

Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918-1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 4: Т – Я. Івано-Франківськ: Манускрипт-Львів, 2021.688 с.

Rebecca Ryan

Rebecca Ryan (born 27 April 1991) is an English actress, known for her roles as Debbie Gallagher in the Channel 4 comedy-drama series "Shameless" (2004–2009), Vicki MacDonald in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2011), and Gemma Dean in the BBC One medical drama series "Casualty" (2017–2019). From 2021 to 2022, she appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" as Lydia Chambers.

Enthalpy of atomization

The enthalpy of atomization is the heat change that resulted to the separation or disintegration of all atoms in a chemical substance.

Δ"H or Δ"H", means "Enthalpy of atomization".

Atomization means to break bonds in a substance, so that the atoms in the substance, go into the gas phase.


Undecane

Undecane/hendecane is a liquid alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH. It has eleven carbon and 24 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than decane and nonane, it has over 159 isomers. Here is the implicit diagram of Undecane.

Dodecane

Dodecane/ dihexyl, bihexyl, adakane 12, or duodecane is a liquid alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH (or CH). It has 12 carbon atoms and 26 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than the proceeding undecane. It has 355 isomers. Here is diagram, composition and structure of Dodecane. 

Ida of Boulogne

Ida of Boulogne (1160-1216) was Countess of Boulogne from 1173 until 1216.

Owen Sound Attack

The Owen Sound Attack are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada. Based in Owen Sound since 1989, and operating under the current name since 2000, the Attack play their home games at the J.D. McArthur Arena inside the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre.

Plectrohyla

Spikethumb frogs (Plectrohyla) are a genus (group of species) of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in Central America. They live as far north as southern Mexico through Guatemala and northern El Salvador to central and northern Honduras. The last time scientists reexamined the family Hylidae, they moved 21 species into this genus from "Hyla". They are called spikethumb because of the spike on their thumbs. The spike is called a prepollex. The name ""Plectrohyla"" comes from the Greek word "plēktron", which means "spur," and "hyla", the name of the group in which many of its frogs used to be.

The following species are in the genus "Plectrohyla":


El Paraíso Department

El Paraíso ( ]) is a town, with a population of 26,640 (2020 calculation), and a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso.

The town is the site of a cigar factory operated by Nestor Plasencia, in which cigars are made under a variety of labels, including that of Rocky Patel.

Dead Again

Dead Again is a 1991 American romantic mystery thriller movie directed by Kenneth Branagh (who also stars). It also stars Emma Thompson, Andy García, Derek Jacobi, Wayne Knight, Robin Williams, Hanna Schygulla, Campbell Scott, Jo Anderson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Eye of the Storm (2011 movie)

The Eye of the Storm is a 2011 Australian drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and was based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Patrick White. It stars Charlotte Rampling, Geoffrey Rush, Judy Davis, Colin Friels, John Gaden, Helen Morse, Robyn Nevin.


Interstate 310

Interstate 310 is the designation for several highways in the United States, which are related to Interstate 10:


Benjamin Böckle

Benjamin Böckle (born 17 June 2002) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with FC Lauterach. In February 2016 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In the 2020-21 season he came to FC Liefering. His debut was in September 2020, he came in for Samuel Major against SK Rapid Wien II.
He played for Austria U15, U16, U17 and U18. In 2019 he played for Austria at the UEFA U17 European Championship.

Kaffeklubben Island

Kaffeklubben Island or Coffee Club Island (; ) is an island near the northern tip of Greenland. It is uninhabited, which means no people live there. It has the farthest north point on Earth, or the point closest to the North Pole.

American explorer Robert Peary saw Kaffeklubben Island in 1900. This was the first time the island had ever been seen, but Peary did not visit the island. The island was not visited until 1921, when the Danish explorer Lauge Koch visited the island and named it. The island was named after the coffee club in the University of Copenhagen Geological Museum.

In 1969, a Canadian team discovered that the northernmost point on the island was farther north than Cape Morris Jesup, the northernmost point on mainland Greenland. Because of this, Kaffeklubben Island has the record for having the farthest north point on land.

Since then, many deposits of gravel have been found in the sea to the north of the island, such as Oodaaq, 83-42, and ATOW1996. However, they are not permanent. They are usually absorbed by moving ice sheets, move around because of the tides, or sink into the ocean.

Kaffeklubben Island is from the North Pole. The island is near Cape James Hill, northwest of Bliss Bay, about east of Cape Morris Jesup. Its farthest north point is 4.4 km north of the farthest north point of Cape Morris Jesup. It is about long, and about across at its widest point. The highest point is about above sea level.

Not many things can survive on the island. However, some plants grow on Kaffeklubben Island, including mosses, liverworts, lichens, and the flowering plants "Saxifraga oppositifolia" (purple saxifrage) and "Papaver radicatum" (arctic poppy).

Monster Rancher 3

Monster Rancher 3, known in Japan as , is the third "Monster Rancher" game. It is the first one for the PlayStation 2.

The graphics are cel-shaded so it feels more like a cartoon. Discs can be put into the PlayStation 2 to make monsters. It is the first "Monster Rancher" game to allow previous discs or other monsters to be used, so no discs have to be remembered or found. It is the only "Monster Rancher" game to allow monsters to be traded. They can be traded between memory cards.

Metacritic says the game is mostly enjoyed, but not as much as the previous two "Monster Rancher" games. Eric Bratcher of "Next Generation" said it is "A unique, absorbing game that needs to expand its vision in order to live up to its revolutionary roots." In Japan, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 29 out of 40.

Terakado Seiken

Terakado Seiken (1796 April 16, 1868) was a Confucian scholar. He lived in Japan during the Edo period. He is popular for his writings on Tokyo. He is also known as Yagozaemon.

Terakado was born in Mito Domain in 1796. His father was a minor government official. When Terakado was 13 years old, his father died. After his father's death he lived an unpleasant lifestyle. In his late twenties, he turned to Confucianism and opened a school. Like his father, he held a minor position as a samurai. He studied Chinese poetry under Ryokuin Yamamoto.

In 1831 he wrote a series of essays titled . The essays were compiled as a book and published in 1838. His essays got fame as well as scrutiny from Edo officials. The essays were banned by Edo officials in 1835. After publication the woodblocks were confiscated in 1842. At the same time Terakado was also banned from being an official. After losing his position as a samurai, Terakado wandered Japan. He worked as a schoolteacher and writer. He died on 16 April 1868.

"Edo Hanjoki" was a very critical social satire of the Tokugawa government. He wrote most of the essays in literary kanbun. Kanbun was mostly used in government documents. This brought an additional seriousness to his writings. Whenever he wrote about wealthier districts like Honjo, he usually focused on unpleasant places such as brothels. He compared the upper and lower classes to expose economic inequalities within the Tokugawa government. The "Edo Hanjoki" influenced upcoming generations of social critics and writers. His other works include "Niigata Hanjoki" and "Essay of Seiken".

Terakado's work was mostly written by the scholar Andrew L. Markus.

Frank G. Clement

Frank G. Clement (June 2, 1920 – November 4, 1969) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 41st Governor of Tennessee from 1953 to 1959 and from 1963 to 1967 and the state's youngest and longest-serving governor in the 20th century. 

Ioannes (given name)

Ioannes might refer to:

Tridecane

Tridecane/"n"-tridecane is an alkane with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH Tridecane is a combustible colourless liquid. It has 13 carbon atoms and 28 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than preceding one (Dodecane). The laboratory application of Tridecane is distillation chaser. 

Beilstein database

The Beilstein database is a database in the field of organic chemistry (organic spectroscopy). Compounds are uniquely identified by their Beilstein Registry Number (BRN). 

Tetradecane

Tetradecane is an alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH.

It has 14 carbon atoms and 30 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than other homologous series behind it. 

Friedrich Konrad Beilstein

Friedrich Konrad Beilstein (17 February 1838 – 18 October 1906), Russian name Фёдор Фёдорович Бейльштейн, was a chemist and founder of the famous "Handbuch der organischen Chemie" ("Handbook of Organic Chemistry"). He is author of Beilstein database. 
Beilstein was born in a family of Germany. He went to German school. He studied chemistry at the University of Heidelberg. He has much interest in organic chemistry. He also obtained his master's degree in organic chemistry. For his Ph.D., Beilstein joined Friedrich Wöhler at the University of Göttingen, receiving his doctorate in organic chemistry.

Pentadecane

Pentadecane is an alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH. It has 15 carbon atoms and 32 hydrogen atoms. 

Iceman (1984 movie)

Iceman is a 1984 American science fiction drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and starring Timothy Hutton, Lindsay Crouse, John Lone, Josef Sommer, David Strathairn, Philip Akin, Danny Glover. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

DNA (Little Mix album)

DNA is the debut studio album by English girl group Little Mix. It was released on 19 November 2012 in the United Kingdom via Syco Music. Musically, "DNA" is a pop, dance-pop and R&B album, with elements of pop rock, hip hop and funk. Some of the songs on the album were also co-written by members of other girl groups, including Nicola Roberts of Girls Aloud, Shaznay Lewis of All Saints and T-Boz of TLC.

Upon its release, "DNA" received positive reviews from music critics.

Notes

Adapted from AllMusic.

First Battle of Ypres

The First Battle of Ypres took place in the fall of 1914. More than 250,000 people were killed. It was one of the battles of the First World War. It was fought on the Western Front around Ypres, in West Flanders, Belgium. The allied forces were 4,400,000 strong, the German Empire was 5,400,000 strong. In 2003, Beckett recorded 50,000–85,000 French casualties, 21,562 Belgian casualties, 55,395 British losses and 134,315 German casualties.

Mondello

Mondello is a small borough of the city of Palermo in the autonomous region of Sicily in Southern Italy. 

Its beach lies between two cliffs called Mount Gallo and Mount Pellegrino. The town was originally a small fishing village situated on marshland, but at the end of the 19th century, it grew into a tourist destination. A number of Liberty-style villas on the seafront promenade have made it one of the gems of Art Nouveau in Europe.

Until the beginning of the 20th century, Mondello was an unhealthy marsh enclosed by two headlands: the Mount Pellegrino described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe as "the most beautiful promontory in the world" and Mount Gallo. 

At some point, a Palermitan nobleman had the idea to drain the swamp. Prince Francesco Lanza di Scalea, with the help of a Belgian real estate company, built a plant for the drainage of swampy waters to the sea. The newly rehabilitated areas, previously occupied by the swamp, underwent a process of expansion and evolution from the 18th to the 20th centuries.

From 1912 onwards, Mondello became the seat of the high bourgeoisie and the aristocracy. The nobility of the city fostered the construction of several exclusive and aristocratic circles, the construction of villas, and the exploitation of lush gardens. King Ferdinand of Bourbon called it "a corner of paradise". Eventually, the beach of Mondello was born.

Mondello is characterized by a sandy bay that binds the two promontories, called Monte Gallo and Mount Pellegrino, with a coastline of white sand that nowadays is approximately 1.5 kilometers long. The Natural Reserve of Capo Gallo and the reserve of Monte Pellegrino are nearby. Today the area is known for its beach and for its Art Nouveau villas, which characterize the architecture of the borough, making it a landmark in the history of international modernism.


Sarcohyla mykter

The keelsnout tree frog or keel-snouted tree frog ("Sarcohyla mykter") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 1985 and 2520 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is no longer than 40.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is no longer than 50.9 mm long from nose to rear end. Its head and body are yellow-green and its legs are yellow-brown. Its entire body is covered in black marks and spots.

Wilhelmine of Bayreuth

Princess Friederike Sophie Wilhelmine of Prussia (3 July 1709 – 14 October 1758) was a princess of the German Kingdom of Prussia (Older sister of Frederick II of Prussia and songwriter she was the eldest daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover, and granddaughter of George I of Great Britain in 1731, she married Frederick, Margrave

Lukas Wallner

Lukas Wallner (born 26 April 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with TSV St. Johann. In 2013 he went on to the youthteam of FC Liefering. 2017 he went on to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In the 2020-21 season he came to FC Liefering. His debut was in March 2021. He came in in minute 87 for Bryan Okoh against SV Horn. 

In October 2022 Wallner was in the Bundesliga squad for the first time against SCR Altach. On 23 July 2023 he made his debut for Salzburg in the Austrian Cup match versus SPG Ardagger/Viehdorf.

He played for all youth national teams of Austria. In November 2021 he was part of the U21 squad versus Croatia and Aserbaidschan but did not play. He made his U-21 debut against Montenegro in September 2022.


Koichi Iida

Koichi Iida (May 20, 1888 November 8, 1973) was a Japanese American businessman from Hawaiʻi. He is the founder of Central Pacific Bank.

Iida was born on 20th May 1888 in Osaka, Japan. He was the son of Matsukichi Iida. His father moved to Honolulu in 1895.

Koichi Iida graduated from Osaka Commercial School in 1906. He then moved to Los Angeles, where he studied English. Five years later he moved to Hawaiʻi. He joined his father in running the business. His father left the business to Koichi lida and returned to Japan in 1931.

Iida was a founding member of the Honolulu Japanese Traders Union. He was elected president in 1928. When the Traders Union merged with the Honolulu Japanese Chamber of Commerce, he became its president in 1940. In the meantime his business continued to grow until World war ll took place. He was imprisoned in several internment camps in United States of America during World war II. He was imprisoned for the duration of the war. He returned to Hawaiʻi in 1945. After he returned, he worked with Daizo Sumida and Shuichi Fukunaga to revive the Honolulu Japanese Chamber of Commerce again. He was again elected the president of the Chamber in 1948. Iida was also the first president of Central Pacific Bank. It was founded in 1954. When Ala Moana Shopping Center opened in 1959, Iida store was one of the first 50 stores in the mall. It was operating in that location until 2005.

Iida was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 5th class, in 1965. He retired from his position as Board Member of Central Pacific Bank in 1970. He died on 8 November 1973.

Arne Næss

Arne Dekke Eide Næss ( ; ; 27 January 1912 – 12 January 2009) was a Norwegian philosopher who coined the term "deep ecology". 

In 1960 he started a periodical - a scientific periodical (or magazine) "Inquiry".

People's Republic of Angola

The People's Republic of Angola () was a socialist state which governed Angola from its independence in 1975 until 25 August 1992, during the Angolan Civil War.

Adelshofen, Upper Bavaria

Adelshofen is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Alling

Alling is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Oshakati

Oshakati is a town of 37,000 inhabitants in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It is the regional capital and was officially founded in July 1966. The city was used as a base of operations by the South African Defence Force (SADF) during the South African Border War.

Oshakati is divided into the electoral constituencies of Oshakati East and Oshakati West.

Oshakati East

Oshakati East is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It comprises the eastern parts of the town of Oshakati. The Okatana River separates Oshakati East from the Oshakati West constituency. The constituency had 22,634 inhabitants in 2004 and 19,606 registered voters .

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO's Lotto Kuushomwa won with 6,501 votes. He defeated Epafras Nghinamundova representing the Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP, 276 votes), Agatus Antanga of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance (DTA, 72 votes), Timoteus Kambishi of the Congress of Democrats (CoD, 34 votes) and Ndateelela Nakale of SWANU (16 votes). Councillor Kuushomwa (SWAPO) was reelected in the 2015 regional elections. He won with 5,559 votes, far ahead of Daniel Andreas (DTA) with 241 votes and Natangwe Shiwayu (RDP) with 81 votes.

The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election, albeit by a much smaller margin. Abner Shikongo obtained 4,575 votes, followed by Simon Neshiko of the Independent Patriots for Change (IPC), with 2,411 votes.

Oshakati West

Oshakati East is a constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It is made up of the eastern parts of the town of Oshakati. The Okatana River separates Oshakati East from the Oshakati West constituency. The constituency had 22,634 inhabitants in 2004 and 19,606 registered voters . Current councillor is Martin Aram.

Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic was a Soviet socialist republic from 1940-1941 and 1944-1989. It is today part of Lithuania.


Edward Rosling

Sir Edward Rosling (4 December 1863 - 19 January 1946) was a Ceylonese tea planter and politician.

Edward Rosling was born 4 December 1863 in Barnes, Surrey, England. He was the eldest son of his parents. His father Joseph Rosling (1830 - 1890) was a timber merchant in Nutfield. His mother's name was Julia Victoria née Black (1838 - 1927). He had two half siblings: Mary (b.1858) and Katherine (b.1859) from his father's first marriage. He had three sisters: Margaret (b. 1866), Ethel (b.1869) and Josephine (b.1872) and one brother, Percy (b.1867).

Rosling was educated at Queenwood College, Hampshire. In 1886, at the age of 23, he travelled to Ceylon. He was apprenticed as a "creeper" in Ceylon on a tea plantation in Ambagamuwa. In late 1888 he took up a position as a manager on a tea estate in Nanu Oya. He worked as a tea planter for 27 years. He served as the chairman of the Anglo-Ceylon and General Estates Company Limited. In 1899, he was elected as the president of the Hill Club in Nuwara Eliya. In 1900, he was elected as the chairman of the Planter's Association. After serving for a year, he was re-elected as chairman between 1909 and 1911. In November 1902, Rosling was appointed as an unofficial member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon and a Justice of the Peace. He served on the Council for ten years. He was retired from the Council in 1913. His position on the Council was later filled by William Duff Gibbon.

He married to Isabella Graham White (1866-1958) on 28 June 1888 at Duncairn Church in Belfast, Ireland. They had seven children: Josephine (b.1890), Alfred (b.1892), Edward (b.1895), Isobel Phyllis (b.1898), Percy Campbell (b.1902), Edward (b.1904) and Hugh Patrick (b.1910).

Rosling was knighted in June 1913 for his services on the Legislative Council of Ceylon. After retirement, he returned to England and became the chairman of the Ceylon Association in London between 1914 and 1915.

He died on 19 January 1946 in Weybridge, Surrey, England. He is buried in the cemetery at St. Peter's church in Hersham, Surrey.

Four Beauties

The Four Beauties or the Four Great Beauties are the four popular and beautiful Chinese women. They are Xi Shi, Wang Zhaojun, Diaochan and Yang Guifei. They all drew the attention of a ruling king or emperor in their respective times. They became famous by influencing the kings and emperors. Their actions impacted the Chinese history. Three of the Four Beauties controlled the kingdoms. Their lives ended in bad luck.

The Four Great Beauties lived in the time of four different dynasties. Each of them live hundreds of years apart. In chronological order, they are the following:

Legend says that Xi Shi was so beautiful. When fish look at her, they forget to swim and sink below the water surface. Xi Shi is from Zhuji, Zhejiang Province. Zhuji was the capital of the Ancient Yue Kingdom. Goujian was the King of Yue Kingdom. He went through ten years of hardship. He wanted to defeat Fuchai. Fuchai was the King of Wu Kingdom. Xi Shi was part of his plan. Xi Shi loved Fan Li. But Goujian gifted beautiful Xi Shi to Fuchai. It was done to attract him. Fuchai fell in love with her. Fuchai lost his fighting will after he met Xi Shi. He was making Xi Shi happy all the time. Due to this, Goujian was able to defeat Fuchai. Fuchai fell sad for accepting the gift. He killed himself. There are two stories of Xi Shi. In one story, Goujian killed her by drowning her. It was because he was afraid of being charmed by her like that of Fuchai. In another story, she came to Fan Li. They lived happily ever after.

According to literature, the beauty of Wang Zhaojun would charm flying birds to fall from the sky. Wang Zhaojun had entered the harem of Emperor Yun at a young age. She remained as a lady-in-waiting. She was never visited by the emperor. At that time, the concubines of the emperor were chosen through the portraits. So, most women secretly gave money to the painters. It was done to make their portraits look more beautiful. Wang Zhaojun refused to do this. So, her portrait was painted as an ugly one. In 33 B.C., Hu Hanye visited the Imperial Court. He asked for a beautiful Han lady to be his wife. Therefore, he was presented with Wang Zhaojun. She was asked to appear before the court. The Emperor saw her in real life. Emperor Yun was shocked. The painter of her portrait was later killed for cheating the emperor.

Diaochan is said to be so bright and lovely. Literature says that the moon itself would shy away when compared to her face. Her father presented her to the warrior Lu Bu. He said that some day he could marry her. He then brought her to Dong Zhuo and did the same. He asked on taking her as a mistress immediately. Lu Bu found this out. He killed and burned Dong Zhuo. He took Diaochan as his own wife.

According to literature, Yang Guifei's look puts all flowers to shame. She was known for having a larger body figure. During her time, such body types were considered beautiful. She was the imperial consort of Emperor Xuanzong of the Tang dynasty. During the An Lushan Rebellion, Emperor Xuanzong and his men were moving from the capital Chang'an to Chengdu. On the way, the emperor's guards demanded that the emperor should kill Yang. It was because they blamed the rebellion's cause on her cousin Yang Guozhong and her family members. The emperor tried to stop this but he failed. So, he ordered his attendant Gao Lishi to kill Yang. At first, she was buried without a coffin. Later, Emperor Xuanzong secretly sent men to rebury her with a coffin. When they found the body, it was already decomposed. When the Emperor returned to Chang'an, an artist painted a picture of Consort Yang in a secondary palace. He frequently went there to see her portrait.

Makiko Mori

Makiko Mori was a Japanese novelist. She won the 1980 Izumi Kyōka Prize for Literature for her book . Her real name was Eiko Matsuura. 

Mori was born on 19 December 1934 in Sakata, Japan. She was the second child of three children. Her father was a physician. When she was six years old, her father died. Mori began suffering from rheumatism when she was 10 years old. She graduated from Yamagata Prefectural Sakata Higashi High School in 1953. When she was 19 years old, her mother died. Mori left home after her mother's death. She moved to Kobe and then Tokyo. She began reading a lot. She loves to read the works of Jean-Paul Sartre, Franz Kafka, Kōbō Abe and Yutaka Haniya.

Mori made her debut as a writer in 1965 with the novel . Her novel won the "Bungakukai" New Writer's Award and was nominated for the Akutagawa Prize. Several of her other books were also nominated for this award, such as in 1965, in 1969, and in 1971. Three of her works were nominated for the Women's Literature Award. Her book won the Izumi Kyōka Prize for Literature in 1980.

Mori lived a solitary life. Her death was discovered on 17 November 1992. Throughout her career she wrote nine books. later wrote a book about her life that was called .

Mori's style was known for her isolated female character who live depressing (sad) lives. They are often emotional and wander with little sense of identity. Many of her works are about isolation and end with death.

 

Yang Guifei

 
Yang Yuhuan () or Yang Guifei ( ) or Taizhen () was the wife of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang during his later years. She is known as one of the Four Beauties of ancient China.

During the An Lushan Rebellion, Emperor Xuanzong and his men were moving from the capital Chang'an to Chengdu. At that time, the emperor's guards demanded that he should kill Yang. It was because they blamed the rebellion on her cousin Yang Guozhong and the rest of her family. The emperor tried to stop this but he failed. So, he ordered his attendant Gao Lishi to kill Yang by strangling.

Yang was born in 719 during the reign of the Tang Dynasty. It was early in the time of Emperor Xuanzong. Yang's father Yang Xuanyan () served as a census official at Shu Prefecture (; in modern Chengdu, Sichuan). His family went there with him. He had no sons, but had four daughters. These daughters were known to history as Yang Yuhuan and three older sisters. Yang's father died when she was very young. So, she was raised by her uncle Yang Xuanjiao (). Her uncle was a low-ranking official at Henan Municipality (; modern Luoyang).

In 733, fourteen-year-old Yang Yuhuan married Li Mao. Li Mao was the Prince of Shou and the son of Emperor Xuanzong and Consort Wu. Yang had the title of Princess of Shou. Consort Wu died in 737. So, Emperor Xuanzong was very sad by the death. Some time later, Princess Yang came into Xuanzong's favor. So, the Emperor decided to take her as his wife. But Princess Yang was already the wife of his son. So, Emperor Xuanzong arranged her to become a Taoist nun. The name Taizhen was given to her to avoid bad fame from the people. He planned of making her his wife. Yang stayed for a some time as a Taoist nun in the palace itself. Emperor Xuanzong married his son with a new bride. After that, he made Yang his imperial consort.

In 745, Emperor Xuanzong officially made Taizhen an imperial consort. She was given the rank of "Guifei". "Guifei" was greater than the previously highest rank of "Huifei". He gave honors on her dead father Yang Xuanyan. He also granted her mother the title of "Lady of Liang". He also gave high offices to her uncle Yang Xuangui () and cousins, Yang Xian () and Yang Qi (). Her three elder sisters were given the ranks of Ladies of Han, Guo, and Qin. The five Yang family members - Yang Xian, Yang Qi, and the Ladies of Han, Guo, and Qin were said to be honored very much. All of the officials tried to praise them.

At the same time, Consort Yang introduced her second cousin Yang Zhao (whose name was later changed to Yang Guozhong) to Emperor Xuanzong. Yang Zhao praised the emperor very much. So, his position rose quickly.

Consort Yang was so favored by the Emperor. Whenever she rode a horse, the eunuch Gao Lishi would take her care. 700 workers were engaged to sew clothes for her. Officials and generals praised her by offering many tributes. In 746, she made Emperor Xuanzong angry by being jealous. She was rude to him. So, he had sent her to Yang Xian's house. Gao knew that the emperor missed Consort Yang. So, he requested the Emperor to send all the treasures in Consort Yang's palace to her. Emperor Xuanzong agreed with that. He sent imperial meals to her as well. That night, Gao requested the Emperor Xuanzong to welcome Consort Yang back to the palace. It was readily accepted by Emperor Xuanzong. After that, she was even more favored. No other imperial consorts could have his favor.

In 747, the military governor ("jiedushi") An Lushan came to the capital Chang'an to meet Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong showed him much favor. He allowed him to enter into his palace. An had an honor from Consort Yang as a mother.

In 750, Consort Yang again made Emperor Xuanzong angry with her words. He sent her back to her clan. The official Ji Wen () told Emperor Xuanzong that he had overreacted. Emperor Xuanzong fell sorry for his actions. He again sent imperial meals to her. She wept to the eunuchs bringing the meal.

She cut off some of her hair. She sent the hair back to Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong sent Gao to bring her back to the palace. After this, he even loved her more than ever.

In 751, An Lushan again visited Chang'an. On An's birthday on 20 February, 751, Emperor Xuanzong and Consort Yang gave award to him. On 23 February, An was called to the palace. At this time, Consort Yang pleased Emperor Xuanzong. She had an very big child wrapping. She wrapped the fat An in it. This caused much laughter among the ladies in waiting and eunuchs. Emperor Xuanzong asked what was going on. Consort Yang's attendants joked that Consort Yang gave birth to a baby, Lushan. Emperor Xuanzong was very happy with the funny situation. So, he rewarded both Consort Yang and An greatly. After that, An was allowed freedom to enter into the palace. False news about the affairs between An and Consort Yang was spread. But Emperor Xuanzong stopped the false news.

Yang Guozhong and An Lushan soon were in conflict. Yang Guozhong repeatedly acted badly. For example, he captured and killed many staff members from An's house in Chang'an.

In 755, An finally rebelled. He marched his armies toward the capital. The emperor wanted to control the public. Emperor Xuanzong thought of passing the throne to his crown prince, Li Heng. Yang Guozhong was not on having good relationship with the prince. So, he feared this development. He requested Consort Yang and her sisters, the Ladies of Han, Guo, and Qin, to speak against it. They did so. So, Emperor Xuanzong did not leave the throne.

In 756, Yang Guozhong forced General Geshu Han to engage An Lushan. General Geshu Han was defeated. Tong Pass was the last major imperial defense. It fell to An's forces. Yang Guozhong suggested the emperor to escape to Chengdu. On 14 July, Emperor Xuanzong secretly left Chang'an for Chengdu. He was accompanied by Consort Yang, her family, and his close family members. He was also accompanied by Yang Guozhong, his fellow chancellor Wei Jiansu and the official Wei Fangjin (), the general Chen Xuanli.

On 15 July, Emperor Xuanzong's team reached Mawei Courier Station (, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). The imperial guards were hungry and angry at Yang Guozhong. General Chen Xuanli believed that Yang Guozhong's actions had started this bad events.

The imperial guards declared that Yang Guozhong was planning something with the Tibetans. They killed Yang Guozhong, his son Yang Xuan (), Consort Yang's sisters, the ladies of Han and Qin and Wei Fangjin. The soldiers then surrounded Emperor Xuanzong's place. The Emperor came out to comfort them. He even ordered them to go. But they refused to leave.

Emperor Xuanzong sent Gao Lishi to ask General Chen Xuanli for his advice. Chen replied that the Emperor should kill Consort Yang. At first, the Emperor refused. But Wei E (, Wei Jiansu's son) and Gao Lishi got agreed with Chen. So, the Emperor also agreed. Gao took Consort Yang to a Buddhist shrine and killed her. Consort Yang's body was shown to Chen and the other imperial guard generals. After that, the soldiers went away and continued the journey. Consort Yang was buried at Mawei, without a coffin.

In 757, Prince Li Heng had taken the throne as Emperor Suzong. He recaptured Chang'an and welcomed ex-Emperor Xuanzong. Xuanzong wanted to rebury Consort Yang's body with honor. The official Li Kui spoke against it. He pointed out that the imperial guard might again stand against it. However, Xuanzong secretly sent men to rebury her with a coffin. When he returned to Chang'an, a painter created a picture of Consort Yang in a secondary palace. He often went there to see the portrait.

Yang was known for having a larger figure. In the time of Tang dynasty, such body types were wanted so much. Because of that, Yang is often compared and contrasted with Empress Zhao Feiyan. The latter is known for being a slender person. This led to the four-character idiom "huanfei yanshou" (). This describes the physical range of the types of beauties between Zhao and Yang.

Kingdom of Portugal

The Kingdom of Portugal (, ) was a monarchy on the western part of Iberian Peninsula and the predecessor of the modern Portuguese Republic.
The predecessor of the Kingdom of Portugal was the County of Portugal, established in the 9th century as part of the "Reconquista", by Vímara Peres, a vassal of the King of Asturias. The county became part of the Kingdom of León in 1097, and the Counts of Portugal established themselves as rulers of an independent kingdom in the 12th century, following the battle of São Mamede. The kingdom was ruled by the Alfonsine Dynasty until the 1383–85 Crisis, after which the monarchy passed to the House of Aviz.

During the 15th and 16th century, Portuguese exploration established a vast colonial empire. From 1580 to 1640, the Kingdom of Portugal was in personal union with Habsburg Spain.
After the Portuguese Restoration War of 1640–1668, the kingdom passed to the House of Braganza and thereafter to the House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. From this time, the influence of Portugal declined, but it remained a major power due to its most valuable colony, Brazil. After the independence of Brazil, Portugal sought to establish itself in Africa, but was ultimately forced to halt its expansion due to the 1890 British Ultimatum, eventually leading to the collapse of the monarchy in the 5 October 1910 revolution and the establishment of the First Portuguese Republic.

Portugal was an absolute monarchy before 1822. It alternated between absolute and constitutional monarchy from 1822 until 1834, and was a constitutional monarchy after 1834.

Asia Cooperation Dialogue

The Asia Cooperation Dialogue (ACD) is an intergovernmental organization created on 18 June 2002. It was created to promote Asian cooperation. The organization covers all of Asia. Its secretariat is in Kuwait.

The idea of an Asia Cooperation Dialogue was talked about at the First International Conference of Asian Political Parties (held in Manila between 17–20 September 2000) by Surakiart Sathirathai. People thought that Asia as a continent should have its own forum to discuss Asia-wide cooperation. The idea was formally put forward during the 34th ASEAN Foreign Ministers Meeting in Hanoi, 23–24 July 2001, and at the ASEAN Foreign Ministers Retreat in Phuket, 20–21 February 2002.

The ACD was founded by 18 members. The organization currently has 34 states, listed below (it includes all current members of the ASEAN and the GCC). "Overlapping regional organization membership in italics."

Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena

Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena (born 10 October 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician. He is the current Speaker of the Sri Lankan Parliament since 2020. He first entered parliament in 1983.

Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena was a young MP when he openly criticised the 1987's Indo-Lanka agreement for new provincial councils system to be established in Sri Lanka. He along with Chandrakumara Wijeya Gunawardena, the member for Kamburupitiya voted against the bill in Parliament becoming the only two government members who voted against it. He was later removed by Hon. President J. R. Jayewardene from his Parliamentary seat for violation the party rules by not voting the bill.

He later joined hands with Gamini Dissanayake and Lalith Athulathmudali (whom were also against the Indo-lanka agreement) as they too quit United National Party and formed the Democratic United National Front or aka 'Rajaliya-front'. Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena then contested for Southern Provincial Council under DUNF and won. He was then elected as the opposition leader of the Southern Provincial Council in 1993, and he became the Chief Minister of the Southern Provincial Council in 1994. Elected twice as the Chief Minister he was in office from 1994 to 2001. He is said to be one of the most successful Chief Ministers from south for developing the infrastructures that was neglected for more than 5 years due to the dark era of the country.

He left office to contest in 2001 general elections and become an opposition MP and served till 2004. After 2004 General elections, he became the Deputy Minister of Healthcare and later the Cabinet Minister for Cultural Affairs & National Heritage. After 2010 General Elections, he was Appointed as the Minister of Agriculture. Having been in office as the Minister of Agriculture for several years he was elected Vice Chairman at the 38th session of the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations FAO Conference held in Rome, Italy in 2013. He was again appointed as the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs in 2015 for a brief period until he resigned and joined the opposition. He is a representative of Matara District for the United People's Freedom Alliance in the Parliament of Sri Lanka. He resides in Kalubowila, Dehiwala.

Miyoko Matsutani

Miyoko Matsutani was a Japanese picture book writer and folktale researcher. She is best known for writing the book "Taro the Dragon Boy."

Matsutani was born on 14 February 1926 in Tokyo, Japan. She was the youngest child of who was a lawyer and politician. She was a good reader. She graduated from high school in 1943. When she was 11 years old, her father died. Because of death of her father, her family could not afford to send her to college. She worked at a bank called Nihon Kangyō Ginkō and the Japan Travel Bureau. In 1945, when Bombing of Tokyo occurred during World War II, her family moved out to the city of Nakano in Nagano prefecture. She met in Nakano city. Tsubota mentored her as a writer.

Matsutani's first book was a collection of short stories called , which won the Children's Literature Association New Face Award. She married in 1955. Together they collected traditional legends of the Nagano area. This research inspired her 1960 book "Taro the Dragon Boy." It won the Hans Christian Anderssen Award and was later adapted into a movie. She was also popular for her book . It was published in 1964. It won the Noma Prize for children's literature. She also edited the "Kaidan Restaurant" series.

Her books for young readers often focused on the relationship between mothers and children. Her books for older readers had touched upon social issues. Her stories based on folktales were focused on the relationship between humans and nature.

Matsutani died of old age on 28 February 2015 in Tokyo.


Dominika Baćmaga

Dominika Baćmaga (born Dominika Muraszewska November 21, 1995 Płock) is a Polish sprinter.

She was the gold medalist of the 2015 Polish Senior Championships, in the 4 × 400 meters relay.

In 2015, she was part of the Polish team (as a member of the 4 × 400 metres relay) for the European Youth Championships, but ultimately did not compete in this competition.

In 2016, she was part of the Polish team (again as a member of the 4 × 400 metres relay) for the World Indoor Championships, but ultimately did not compete in these competitions.

At the 2021 Tokyo Olympics, she was a reserve in the 4×400 metres relay.

Wolha Paulukouska

Wolha Umadzimirauna Paulukouska (born July 13, 1988 in Grodno) is a Belarusian volleyball player. From the 2016/2017 season to October 2019, she played for KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski. 

She competed at the finals of the 2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship , 2013 Women's European Volleyball Championship , 2015 Women's European Volleyball Championship , 2017 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 2019 Women's European Volleyball Championship . She represented Belarus in the Europa League in 2012, 2016 and 2017 (6th place). and the 2018 Europa Golden League (6th place).

At the club level, she played for Politechnika Śląska Gliwice, Chemnik Police. and Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski.

In January 2021, she became a Polish citizen. 

Vargas Era

The Vargas Era (Portuguese: "Era Vargas"; ) is the period in the history of Brazil between 1930 and 1945, when the country was governed by President Getúlio Vargas.

The First Brazilian Republic is the period of Brazilian history from 1889 to 1930. The Old Republic began with the deposition of Emperor Pedro II in 1889, and ended with the Brazilian Revolution of 1930 that installed Getúlio Vargas as a new president.

During this time, Brazil was affected by the Great Depression because the economy need foreign markets and loans. The limited industrial development in São Paulo, the export of coffee and other agricultural products were not enough to help the economy.

The period from 1930 to 1937 is known as the Second Brazilian Republic, Vargas followed a path of social reformism in attempt to reconcile radically diverging interests of his supporters. His policies can best be described collectively as like those of fascist Italy under Mussolini, with an increased reliance on populism. Reflecting the influence of the "tenentes", he even advocated a program of social welfare and reform similar to New Deal in the United States, prompting U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt to proudly refer to him as "one of two people who invented the New Deal."Vargas sought to bring Brazil out of the Great Depression through statist-interventionist policies. He satisfied the demands of the rapidly growing urban bourgeois groups, voiced by the new (to Brazil) mass-ideologies of populism and nationalism. Like Roosevelt, his first steps focused on economic stimulus, a program on which all factions could agree.

The period from 1937 to 1945 is known as the Third Brazilian Republic, or Estado Novo. Vargas' four-year term as President under the 1934 Constitution was going to expire in 1938, however, Vargas managed to stay in power after the 1937 Brazilian coup d'état. Through this period, a series of measures were used to restrain political opposition, such as the nomination of Intervenors for the States and censorship of the media.


Rappin' for Jesus

"Rappin' for Jesus" is a parody song from 2013. Brian Spinney uploaded it to YouTube, where it has over 77 million views, on February 5, 2013, saying he directed it in high school and Pastor Jim Colerick and his wife Mary Sue wrote it for a Christian youth outreach program by West Dubuque 2nd Church of Christ in Dubuque, Iowa. It became more well known using Reddit.

The video links to the church's website, which says it was closed in 2004. It and Brian's YouTube channel were made on January 15, 2013, so "The Daily Dot" said it and the song are fake. "The Huffington Post" did not know if it was, but said it is "Very peculiar indeed". Chris English, pastor of GracePoint Church in Dubuque, Iowa, emailed "The Christian Post" to say he had never heard of the song's pastor or church, and the use of the word "nigga" was "clearly over the line, and offensive", and it would not work because it had many negative stereotypes about Christians.

The "Dallas Observer" said "it's cheesy. It's bad. It's painful." and it made Christian rap look bad.


Jewel Changi Airport

Jewel Changi Airport (also known as Jewel or Jewel Changi) is a nature-themed entertainment and retail complex on the inside of Changi Airport, Singapore, linked to three of its passenger terminals. Its highlight is the world's tallest indoor waterfall, known as the Rain Vortex, which is surrounded by a lot of plants.

Jewel includes gardens, entertainment, a hotel, about 300 dining places, as well as early baggage check-in facilities before flying a plane. It covers a total size of , about 10 storeys – five aboveground and five underground levels. Its attractions include the Shiseido Forest Valley, an indoor garden which is about five storeys, and the Canopy Park at the highest level, featuring more gardens and places for relaxation.

Jewel receives about 300,000 people a day. In October 2019, six months after its soft opening, it had welcomed 50 million people, exceeding its first target for the whole year. The complex and airport is located in Changi, at the eastern end of Singapore, approximately northeast from Singapore's Downtown Core.

Jewel was made to maintain Changi Airport's status as a major flying hub in the Asia-Pacific. It was first mentioned by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in his National Day Rally speech in 2013 as part of Changi Airport's long-term plans to double its capacity by the mid-2020s and "create more opportunities for Singapore and Singaporeans".

Built over the former open-air car park in front of Changi Airport Terminal 1, Jewel expanded Terminal 1's arrival hall and baggage claim areas by 70%, and its handling capacity is also expected to increase from 21 to 24 million passengers a year. Jewel was officially opened on 18 October 2019 by Lee Hsien Loong, six months after its soft opening. During this time, it had received 50 million people – about 300,000 people a day – exceeding its initial target of 40-50 million people for the first year.

Jewel was developed by Jewel Changi Airport Trustee Pte Ltd, a partnership between Changi Airport Group (CAG) and CapitaLand, through its own shopping mall business, CapitaLand Mall Asia. The project cost S$1.7 billion, and did not involve any government funds or taxpayers’ money.

Jewel's circle glass-and-steel façade was designed by a lot of architects, led by Moshe Safdie, who also designed Singapore's Marina Bay Sands. Renowned local firm RSP Architects Planners & Engineers were the executive architect and structural engineers. The landscape architect was Peter Walker and Partners, who co-designed the National 9/11 Memorial and worked with Safdie on the landscaping of Marina Bay Sands. Benoy were the interior designers; BuroHappold Engineering were responsible for the façade and Lighting Planners Associates handled the lighting. The Rain Vortex was engineered by water design firm WET Design. It has a 360-degree light and sound show projected onto it.

Jewel was imagined to put together a marketplace and an urban park. "The component of the traditional mall is combined with the experience of nature, culture, education and recreation, aiming to provide an uplifting experience. By drawing both people and locals, we aim to create a place where the people of Singapore interact with the people of the world," said Safdie.

The glass panels of the dome are framed in steel which rests on a complex frame. At night, the glowing dome can be seen from all surrounding areas.

A partnership of Shiseido and art collective teamLab, the is one of Asia's largest indoor gardens, spanning five stories and approximately located in the heart of Jewel Changi Airport. It houses around 3,000 trees and 60,000 smaller plants of 120 different that live in high-altitude tropical forests from around the world.

The Rain Vortex, sponsored as the HSBC Rain Vortex, is the world's largest and tallest indoor waterfall, standing at high. Recirculating rain water is pumped to the roof to free fall through a round hole at up to per minute to a basement-level pool. An acrylic funnel at the bottom prevents splashing and insulates the sound of the cascade. The toroid-shaped roof has more than 9,000 pieces of glass spanning with a sloped oculus as the mouth of the waterfall acting as "a continuation of the building...completed in a liquid form." At night, the circular walls of the waterfall becomes a 360-degree stage for a light-and-sound show.

To prevent excess humidity in the Jewel, the waterfall's flow changes direction often to reduce air turbulence. The design process by WET Design engineers included testing a one-fifth-scale model and a full-size partial sample.

The Changi Airport Skytrain connecting the terminals passes above ground near the waterfall, allowing passengers remaining airside to see the Vortex and Jewel itself.

At the highest level of Jewel, the Canopy Park houses recreation and leisure attractions. About half of the total landscaping is hosted at Canopy Park, including two gardens: Topiary Walk and Petal Garden. The Topiary Walk features animal-shaped topiaries at every corner, while the Petal Garden has seasonal floral displays. The park includes a suspension bridge called the Canopy Bridge that is located above the ground which offers a panoramic view of the Rain Vortex. At long, the Canopy Bridge also has a glass panel flooring at the centre section that offers a view through to level 1 of Jewel. 

The park also consists of two mazes, situated at the eastern end of the Jewel called the Hedge Maze and Mirror Maze. The Hedge Maze is Singapore's largest with hedge walls standing at high. The maze features gates that can be pushed within that will change the path of the maze. It ends at an elevated watchtower that offers a bird's-eye view of the entire maze. The Mirror Maze is located under the dome with plants branching across the top of the maze. The maze makes use of mirrors and various reflections.

The Sky Nets, also called the Manulife Sky Nets for sponsorship reasons, provide children's play facilities, including a Bouncing Net and a Walking Net. The Bouncing Net is long, suspended 8 metres above ground at its highest point. A separate long Walking Net lets people to look down s to Jewel's Level 1.

The Discovery Slides feature four integrated slides: two tube slides and two sliding surfaces. The entire structure sits at an incline, high on one end, and close to on the other, and lets people to view the Forest Valley and the Rain Vortex. The Discovery Slides were designed by Carve and built by Playpoint in Singapore.

The Foggy Bowls are four concave bowls with depths of between and for people to jump in while mist is released to create an illusion of playing among clouds.

The Changi Experience Studio is a space with games and displays relating to Changi Airport's history and lets people a behind-the-scenes look of how the airport is run.

A hotel within Jewel, with about 130 rooms, operated by the international hotel brand, YOTEL, opened on 12 April 2019. It is YOTEL's second hotel in Singapore after the 2017 opening of the YOTEL on Orchard Road.

An ‘integrated multi-modal transport lounge’ provides ticketing, boarding pass collection and baggage transfer service in a single location. Early check-in facilities allows passengers to check-in and drop off luggage up to 24-hours ahead of regular check-in times. There are dedicated facilities for fly-cruise and fly-ferry passengers.

Jewel houses both local and international brands. Tenants include the largest Nike store in Southeast Asia, the first and only Apple Store located inside an airport complex, Marks & Spencer, Muji, Zara, Uniqlo, Singapore's second basement cinema operated by Shaw Theatres with 11 screens including an IMAX theatre with a seating capacity of 828 and Five Spice, a food court by Food Junction with 19 unique stalls and supermarket chain NTUC FairPrice Finest.

Jewel also includes American burger places such as A&W Restaurants and Shake Shack, Norwegian fast-casual restaurant Pink Fish, Swiss artisanal chocolatier Läderach, Sichuan restaurants Xiao Bin Lou and Yu's Kitchen, Boston-based ice cream parlour chain Emack & Bolio's, British casual eatery Burger & Lobster, Peruvian restaurant TONITO, Japan's Tokyo Milk Cheese Factory and the first permanent Pokémon Centre in East Asia outside of Japan.


The song "The Right Time" by Singaporean singer JJ Lin was motivated by Jewel, which was shown in its music video.


William James Sidis

William James Sidis was a child prodigy. At 18 months old, he could read "The New York Times" and understand everything. At 6 years, he could calculate any date that fell in the last 10,000 years. At 11 years, he applied for Harvard University and got accepted, while being able to speak 25 separate languages. His IQ was estimated to be about 275, much more than Albert Einstein’s 160.

Althegnenberg

Althegnenberg is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany. The municipality contains the villages Althegnenberg, Hörbach and Lindenhof.

Egenhofen

Egenhofen is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany.

Eichenau

Eichenau is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany. It is 20 km west of Munich (centre).

Eichenau was named in 1907 as a separate settlement from the community of Alling. It is at the railway station on the line Munich to Lindau. Josef Nibler district commissioner planned the community since 1916. He founded the Baugenossenschaft Eichenau and with 60 hectares of land for housing after the First World War. Most people living in Eichenau commute to Munich. The town now has a large sports centre with outdoor beach volleyball courts and tennis courts.


http://www.wikimapia.org/#lat=48.&lon=11.&z=14&l=5&m=a&v=2




Emmering, Fürstenfeldbruck

Emmering is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany.

Camden, Delaware

Camden is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Farmington, Delaware

Farmington is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Felton, Delaware

Felton is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Frederica, Delaware

Frederica is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Hartly, Delaware

Hartly is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Houston, Delaware

Houston is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Kenton, Delaware

Kenton is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Bob Carlisle

Bob Carlisle is an American singer and songwriter. In 1993, he had a number one song on "Billboard"'s Christian CHR National Airplay music chart.

He (and another) wrote a number one song on "Billboard"s Country Airplay music chart (1998).

He was born on September 29, 1956. He comes from Santa Ana, California.

He played in bands - Allies and Billy Thermal.

In 1997 he had a number one album on Billboards Top Christian Albums music chart.

He won a Grammy, together with Randy Thomas - Grammy Award for Best Country Song.

As a songwriter he has written "Why'd You Come in Here Lookin' Like That". Dolly Parton took the song to number one on "Billboard"s Country Airplay music chart; The song's other songwriter is Randy Thomas.

Bawcomville, Louisiana

Bawcomville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Chris Young

Christopher Alan Young (born June 12, 1985) is an American country singer and songwriter. In 2009 he had a number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart.

He was born on June 12, 1985. He comes from Murfreesboro, Tennessee.



Justin Omoregie

Justin Omoregie (born 21 September 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.

He started his career with SV Aspern. In 2011 he went on to the youthteam of First Vienna FC. In 2013 he went to FK Austria Wien. In 2017 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In January 2021 he went to FC Liefering. His debut was in July 2021. He was in the starting team against SV Horn. In the 83rd minute he got a red card. 

He played for the Austria U16, U17 and U19 national teams. In September 2019 he played his first match for the U17 team versus Romania, in September 2021 he played for the U19 team versus Turkey.


Kunming

Kunming is a Chinese city. It is in Yunnan province.

As of 2020, 4,443,000 people live in the city.

The Laos-China Railway finished its construction in 2021.

Dick Gordon

Richard Juico Gordon (born August 5, 1945) is a Filipino lawyer and a politician who also served as the 12th Secretary of The Department of Tourism and also was the Mayor of Olongapo from 1980-1986 and 1988-1993. He is also the Chairman of The Philippine red cross since 2004 and is also the current senator of the Philippines since 2016.

Salute (Little Mix album)

Salute is the second studio album by British girl group Little Mix. It was released on 8 November 2013 by Syco Music.

In an interview with Digital Spy in March 2013, Little Mix said that they wanted their second album to have a more R&B sound. Group member Jesy Nelson added: "I personally want to put a lot more dancey stuff in there. As in, one of the songs that comes on in a club that makes you want to dance. Not that David Guetta sound, but more R&B – a bit like Eve and Gwen Stefani's "Let Me Blow Ya Mind". They also revealed that they would be starting to write material for the album in the coming months.

Upon its release, "Salute" received positive reviews from music critics. 

Fürstenfeldbruck

Fürstenfeldbruck is a town in Bavaria, Germany, 32 kilometres west of Munich. It is the capital of the district of Fürstenfeldbruck. it has a population of 35,494. Since the 1930s, Fürstenfeldbruck has had an air force base.

The name of Fürstenfeldbruck is put together of two parts, namely 'Bruck', Bavarian dialect for 'bridge' (meaning the bridge over the Amper river) and after the famous monastery of Fürstenfeld Abbey.

Fürstenfeldbruck covers an area of 32.53 km². It is halfway between Munich and Augsburg, and along the Amper river.

Germering

Germering is a town of about 40,500 within Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It is directly near to the city of Munich and borders it to the west.

Grafrath

Grafrath is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. It takes its name from Saint Rasso (Ratho), who was a count (Graf) who founded a Benedictine abbey here in the 10th century.


Gröbenzell

Gröbenzell is a municipality near Munich in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It was founded in 1952, and has a population of 19,202. Gröbenzell is often called a garden city, which is also illustrated by the two flowers in the coat of arms.

Gröbenzell is at the creek Gröbenbach at the margin of the Dachauer Moos. Since the end of the 19th century, most of that land was dried up by Drainage. Also to the north and the south of Gröbenzell are some small lakes, which are used as recreation areas by the residents of the area.

To the south Gröbenzell borders Puchheim, to the north-west is Olching and to the east the Munich district Lochhausen is placed.


Hattenhofen, Bavaria

Hattenhofen is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Jesenwang

Jesenwang is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. Its name was recorded as "Oasinwanc" during the Early Medieval period.

Kottgeisering

Kottgeisering is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Landsberied

Landsberied is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Maisach

Maisach is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany.

Maisach is the largest municipality in the Fürstenfeldbruck district. It is north of Fürstenfeldbruck, and northwest of Munich. It is served by an S-Bahn station on the towards Mammendorf, which is south of the town center. The tallest building in the town belongs to the local brewery and sports an aircraft warning beacon.

The community Maisach is on the river Maisach.


The municipal council ("Gemeinderat") of Maisach has 24 members:

The mayor is Hans Seidl (CSU).

Flyback transformer

A flyback transformer, also called a line output transformer, is a special type of electrical transformer. It was initially designed to generate high voltage sawtooth signals at a relatively high frequency.

Plectrohyla dasypus

The Honduras spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla dasypus") is a frog that lives in Honduras. It lives in pine-oak forests. Scientists have seen it between 1410 and 1990 meters above sea level in the Sierra de Omoa mountains.

The adult male frog is 31.5 to 44.0 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists can tell this frog apart from other frogs because it has spikes on its throat near its vocal slits. Its skin is bronze in color with black spots.

This frog is critically endangered. This means it could die out. One of the reasons it is endangered is that the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" kills it. The fungus makes the tadpoles hatch with broken mouths. The frog is also endangered because human beings change the places it likes to live.

Grand Turk Island

Grand Turk is an island in the Turks and Caicos archipelago, in the Atlantic Ocean. It is a British territory. It has salt ponds and windmills from when people made sea salt on the island. There is a Grand Turk Lighthouse on the north side of the island. Horses and donkeys live on the island.

The government of Grand Turk Island is in Cockburn Town. Today, the largest industry on the island is seafood.

Roko Šimić

Roko Šimić (born 10 September 2003) is a Croatian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career with the youth teams of Dinamo Zagreb, Kustošija and Lokomotiva Zagreb. He made his senior debut for Lokomotiva in August 2020. In the 2020-21 season he made 25 matches and 3 goals for Lokomotiva. In July 2021 Šimić signed a contract with the Austrian side FC Red Bull Salzburg. With €4 million it was Lokomotiva's most expensive transfer.

He went on loan to FC Liefering and made his debut in August 2021 versus St. Pölten. He came in in the 46th minute and scored his first goal within his first minute. On 20 October 2021 he made his senior team and Champions League debut. He came in for Noah Okafor in the 87th minute of the 3–1 victory over VfL Wolfsburg. Four days later, he made his league debut for the senior team, replacing Karim Adeyemi in the 87th minute of the 4–1 victory over Sturm Graz. For the 2022/23 season he went on loan to FC Zürich.

Roko Šimić played in all Croatian youth teams. At the moment he plays for the U21 team.
Roko is the son of Dario Šimić, a former Croatian footballer. He was born in Milan, Italy where his father playedd for AC Milan. He has three brothers, Viktor, Nikolas and David. David suffers from Down syndrome.
Red Bull Salzburg

Czechoslovak koruna

The Czechoslovak koruna (in Czech and Slovak: "koruna československá", at times "koruna česko-slovenská" was the currency of Czechoslovakia from 10 April 1919 to 14 March 1939, and from 1 November 1945 to 7 February 1993.
The (last) ISO 4217 code and the local abbreviations for the koruna were "CSK" and "Kčs". One koruna equalled 100 "haléřů" (Czech, singular: "haléř") or "halierov" (Slovak, singular: "halier"). In both languages, the abbreviation "h" was used. The abbreviation was placed behind the numeric value.

The Czech koruna or Czech Crown has been the currency of the Czech Republic since 1993. The koruna is one of the European Union's 11 currencies, and the Czech Republic is legally bound to adopt the euro currency in the future.

The ISO 4217 code for the Czech Koruna is CZK. The symbol is Kč.

The Slovak Crown or Slovak koruna has been the currency used in Slovakia since February 8, 1993. It replaced the Czechoslovak Crown. Slovak koruna should not be mistaken with the Slovak koruna during the World War II (Slovak: "koruna slovenská", short Ks, notice word order)

The ISO 4217 code for the Slovak koruna is SKK. The symbol is Sk. One Koruna is equal to 100 hellers (written shortly as "hal.", in Slovak singular: "halier"). The symbol is put after the amount. 

Slovak koruna exists in these values: 50 h, 1 Sk, 2 Sk, 5 Sk, 10 Sk, 20 Sk, 50 Sk, 100 Sk, 200 Sk, 500 Sk, 1000 Sk and 5000 Sk. 10 h and 20 h are not used since 31 December 2003.

The central rate of Slovak koruna against euro was 35.4424 SKK as of 19 March 2007. Slovakia will use Euro instead of koruna from 1 January 2009.


Red River Colony

The Red River Colony, a key part of Manitoba's rich history, was a settlement on the Red and Assiniboine rivers whose boundaries crossed parts of what are now Manitoba and North Dakota.

In front of you (Garau)

Davanti a te (which translates to “In front of you”) is a 2021 artwork by Italian artist Salvatore Garau. The work consists of an immaterial sculpture.

As conceptual art, it consists of a certificate of authenticity which has affixed to it detailed diagrams and instructions for its proper display by its buyer. Two editions of the piece sold for $30,600 USD at auctions to significant media attention.

For Garau, the sculpture assets its conformation in its own nothingness. 

From Il Corriere della Sera to La Repubblica in Italy, from Le Monde to the New York Post, to ABC, Fox, CBS, to CNN, abroad. So much so that several sites specialized in contemporary art have reported that this summer, surpassing Jeff Koons and Damien Hirst, Salvatore Garau was the most published artist and most talked about in the media all over the world.

Manufactured in September 2020, the pieces are an "empty space", with certification papers signed by the artist sold in auction at 27,000 euros, $32,000 with auction rights, for only a paper certification with Garau signature, the price value for Sal Garau oil on canvas middle size become, with the artistic coefficient more then $500.000.

The first examples were provided in Milan by Italian futurist painters who let their paintings breathe deeply, leading them to expand to overcome the limit, so far crossed, of the frame, this artistic research is overcome by Umberto Boccioni , in his house in Porta Romana in Milan (district of the Prada Foundation) he was carrying on in sculpture. The fact is that in the early 1900s the perception of the physical world was completely transformed and artists absorbed these discoveries. There are countless examples in the history of art demonstrating that when the knowledge we have of the surrounding world changes, the way of representing it inevitably changes in turn. It was discovered that the space between bodies is crossed by invisible forces: electromagnetism, heat, light, all elements that the futurists introduced into their works. Garau finds the solution to the problem of understanding space and its representation of its relationship with the subject that occupies it, which has always been one of the crucial points of modern art. Since the time of the Historical Avant-gardes, the space of the painting became the field of experimentation.



Portuguese Restoration War

The Portuguese Restoration War () was the war between Portugal and Spain that began with the Portuguese revolution of 1640 and ended with the Treaty of Lisbon in 1668, bringing a formal end to the Iberian Union. The period from 1640 to 1668 was marked by periodic skirmishes between Portugal and Spain, as well as short episodes of more serious warfare, much of it occasioned by Spanish and Portuguese entanglements with non-Iberian powers. Spain was involved in the Thirty Years' War until 1648 and the Franco-Spanish War until 1659, while Portugal was involved in the Dutch–Portuguese War until 1663.

In the seventeenth century and afterwards, this period of sporadic conflict was simply known, in Portugal and elsewhere, as the "Acclamation War". The war established the House of Braganza as Portugal's new ruling dynasty, replacing the House of Habsburg who had been united with the Portuguese crown since the 1581 succession crisis.

John IV of Portugal

John IV (, ; 19 March 1604 – 6 November 1656), nicknamed John the Restorer (), was the King of Portugal whose reign, lasting from 1640 until his death, began the Portuguese restoration of independence from Habsburg Spanish rule. He was chosen to lead the revolt against Spanish rule. He established the House of Braganza on the Portuguese throne, and marked the end of the 60-year-old Iberian Union, by which Portugal and Spain shared the same monarch.

Before becoming king, he was John II, 8th Duke of Braganza. He was the grandson of Catherine, Duchess of Braganza, a claimant to the crown during the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580. On the eve of his death in 1656, the Portuguese Empire was at its territorial zenith, spanning the globe.

Salvaterra de Miño

Salvaterra de Miño is a town and municipality ("concello") in the province of Pontevedra, autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It's located on the southern border of the province of Pontevedra, at the confluence of the valleys of the rivers Tea and Minho, and by the natural limits of the Serra da Cañiza. It borders the Municipalities of As Neves in the east, Mondariz and Ponteareas to the north, and to the south by the Minno river. The Minno river ("Río Miño" or "Rio Minho") is the southern natural border that today separates Portugal with its fortified town of Monção from current Galicia to the north.

Hermisende

Hermisende is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 383 inhabitants.

Treaty of Lisbon (1668)

The Treaty of Lisbon of 1668 was a peace treaty between Portugal and Spain that was concluded at Lisbon on 13 February 1668 with the mediation of England in which Spain recognised the sovereignty of Portugal's new ruling dynasty, the House of Braganza.

The regent of Spain, Queen Mariana of Austria, the second wife of the late King Philip IV, acted in the name of her young son, Carlos II and oversaw the negotiations on the behalf of Spain.

The prince-regent of Portugal, Pedro, the future King Peter II of Portugal, in the name of his incapacitated brother, Afonso VI, represented Portugal.
The peace was mediated by Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, an ambassador of Charles II of England.

Veloso Salgado

José Maria Veloso Salgado (2 April 1864 22 July 1945) was a Galician-born Portuguese artist. He is regarded as one of the country's foremost masters of Naturalism with many distinguished works in historical painting, landscapes, and portraits.
Luisa de Guzmán

Luisa María Francisca de Guzmán y Sandoval (; 13 October 1613 – 27 February 1666) was a queen consort of Portugal. She was the spouse of King John IV, the first Braganza ruler, as well as the mother of two kings of Portugal (Afonso VI and Peter II) and a queen of England (Catherine of Braganza). She served as regent of Portugal de jure from 1656 until 1662, and de facto until her death in 1666.

Frederick Schomberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg

Friedrich Hermann von Schönberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg, 1st Count of Mertola, (; ; 6 December 1615 – 1 July 1690) was a Marshal of France and a General in the English and Portuguese Army. He was killed at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.

School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences

École des hautes études en sciences sociales (EHESS) is one of the most selective and prestigious social sciences Grandes écoles in Paris, France.

EHESS was originally a department of the École pratique des hautes études, founded in 1868 to train academic researchers. It became an independent institution in 1975. Today, its research covers the fields of economics and finance, cognitive sciences, humanities, and politics, such as the sciences, applied mathematics and statistics, development studies, sociology, anthropology, history, musicology, and the philosophy of the social sciences.



Melón

Melón is a municipality in the Galician province of Ourense. It has a population of 1582 (Spanish 2006 Census) and an area of 53.22 km².

Manuel Cruz Rodríguez

Manuel Cruz Rodríguez (born 1 January 1951) is a Spanish philosopher and politician who served as the 60th President of the Senate from May to December 2019. Prior to this, between 2016 and 2019, Cruz served as member of the Congress of Deputies in representation of Barcelona. He is a member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia.

The Most Excellent

The Most Excellent (Spanish: "Excelentísimo Señor" (male) or "Excelentísima Señora" (female), literally "Most Excellent Sir/Madam") is an honorific prefix that is traditionally applied to certain people in Spain and certain Spanish-speaking countries. Following Spanish tradition, it is an "ex officio" style (the holder has it as long as they remain in office, in the most important positions of state) and is used in written documents and very formal occasions.

The prefix is similar (but not equal) to that of "His/Her Excellency", but in the 19th century "The Most Excellent" began to replace the former.

The proper use of the prefix Excellency was re-introduced in Francoist Spain by "Generalísimo" Francisco Franco himself, who was formally styled as "Su Excelencia el Jefe del Estado" ("His Excellency The Head of State"), while his ministers and senior government officials continued using the prefix "The Most Excellent".

The prefix "The Most Illustrious" ("Ilustrísimo/a Señor/a)" is the lower version, and is mostly used for non-Grandee titled nobles in Spain and some other officeholders.

Greek people

The Greeks or Hellenes () are an ethnic group and nation native to Greece, Cyprus, southern Albania, Anatolia, parts of Italy and Egypt, and to a lesser extent, other countries surrounding the Eastern Mediterranean and Black Sea. They also form a significant diaspora, with many Greek communities established around the world. They speak the Greek language.

Albert Frick

Albert Frick (born 21 October 1948) is a politician from Liechtenstein, member of the Progressive Citizens' Party, and the current President of the Landtag of Liechtenstein since March 2013.

The Rocket

The Rocket was a locomotive made by English engineers George and Robert Stephenson.

Southwest Papua

Southwest Papua () is a province of Indonesia. It was created on 8 December 2022 as a split from West Papua. The Governor of West Papua, Dominggus Mandacan has stated that Southwest Papua is ready to be made a new province. According to the expectations of the people of the Sorong Raya region because the expansion of the new autonomous regions of Southwest Papua is to shorten service distances and encourage development for the welfare of the community.
Southwest Papua has been striving to become a separate province since 2004, Indonesia is the largest archipelagic country in the world consisting of thousands of islands. One of them is the island of Papua which is rich in natural potential and tourism potential, beautiful like pearls that radiate from eastern Indonesia. Papua Island consists of the provinces of Papua and West Papua provinces. Along with the rapid development of the region from the east, Papua is planned to be divided into 5 large provinces, the current 2 provinces namely Papua Province (Jayapura) and West Papua Province (Manokwari) plus the planned new provinces are Southwest Papua Province, the capital city of Sorong, Central Papua in Nabire and The capital city of South Papua Province is Merauke.

The candidate for the provincial capital is City of Sorong. Districts that may join this province include:

Dazed

Dazed (formerly Dazed & Confused) is a bi-monthly British style magazine founded in 1991. It covers music, fashion, film, art, and literature. Dazed is published by Dazed Media, an independent media group known for producing stories across its print, digital and video brands. The company's portfolio includes titles "AnOther", Dazed Beauty and NOWNESS. The company's newest division, Dazed Studio, creates brand campaigns across the luxury and lifestyle sectors. Based in London, its founding editors are Jefferson Hack and fashion photographer Rankin along with former art director Ian C Taylor.

"Dazed" was begun by Jefferson Hack, Ian C Taylor and Rankin in collaboration with the photographers Jamie Parissis and Marshall Aver while they were studying at London College of Printing (now London College of Communications). Beginning as a black-and-white folded poster the magazine soon turned full colour and was promoted at London club nights. The Norwegian photographer and later Hells Angel Marcel Lelienhof was involved with the magazine in the first editions, as was the stylist Katie Grand

Today it is an independent youth culture magazine, distributed globally, covering fashion, art, music and lifestyle. There has been some discussion regarding the choice of title, but it is generally considered to have been inspired by the Led Zeppelin song of the same name.

South Papua

South Papua is a province in Papua. Tito Karnavian, as Minister of Home Affairs Indonesia has stated that South Papua is ready to become a new province. The districts that joined the new province candidates consisted of 4 districts and 1 municipality (under the expansion plan). It was created on 11 November 2022.

South Papua has been struggling to become a separate province since 2002 and was again proposed to be a province in 2020. This is because the Government of Indonesia wants the people of Papua to progress. The expansion of South Papua Province was originally planned to consist of five regencies, namely Asmat Regency, Boven Digoel Regency, Mappi Regency, Bintang Bintang Regency, and Merauke Regency . However, based on regional considerations, Bintang Mountains Regency then chose to resign due to the closer distance to Jayapura City.

The candidate for the provincial capital is City of Merauke. Districts that may join this province include:

Kat Cressida

Kat Cressida born (born March 1, 1968) is American voice actress. She is best known for voicing Dee Dee in Dexter’s Laboratory.

Samson Baidoo

Samson Baidoo (born 31 March 2004 in Graz) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.
He played in the youth teams of Post SV Graz and Grazer AK. 2018 he came to the Red Bull Academy. 2021 he went on to FC Liefering.He made his debut for Liefering in the 2nd league in July 2021 when he came on as a substitute for Dijon Kameri in the 85th minute on the first matchday of that season against Kapfenberger SV.

In April 2022 he signed a professional contract in Salzburg that runs until June 2027. For the 2022/23 season he also moved into the Bundesliga squad. He debuted for Salzburg on 14 May 2023 in the away match versus LASK. 

He played for Austria U15, U16, U17 and U18.In November 2022 he made his debut for the U-21 team against Turkey. In October 2023 he was nominated for the senior national team for the first time. He made his debut in the same month when he came on as a substitute for Kevin Danso in the 66th minute of the European Championship qualifier against Belgium.

Spanish exonyms

This is a list of Spanish language exonyms.

They Who Dare

They Who Dare is a 1954 British World War II action movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Dirk Bogarde, Denholm Elliott, Akim Tamiroff, Harold Siddons, Eric Pohlmann, Gérard Oury, Sam Kydd, Peter Burton, Eileen Way.


Vice-Chancellor of Germany

The vice-chancellor of Germany, inofficially the vice-chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany (), officially the deputy to the federal chancellor (), is the second highest ranking German cabinet member. The chancellor is the head of government and, according to the constitution, gives this title of deputy to one of the federal ministers. It is common that the title is given to the major minister provided by the (smaller) coalition partner.

In everyday politics, being a vice chancellor is more an honorary title. The vice-chancellor may head cabinet meetings when the chancellor is abroad. The function of vice chancellor is to use the specific constitutional powers of the chancellor in case that the chancellor is unable to perform his or her duties. This kind of substitution has never been made use of in the history of the Federal Republic.

Should a chancellor resign, die or be permanently unable to perform his or her duties, the vice chancellor does not automatically become the next chancellor. In such a case the Federal President assigns a minister to serve as acting chancellor until the Bundestag (parliament) elects a new chancellor.).

Although is the constitutional term, most Germans know the deputy by the expression Vice-Chancellor (). Chancellor () is the traditional term for the German head of government since 1867/71. A general deputy has been introduced only in 1878 by law (). In the Weimar Republic of 1919–1933, the office of was mentioned in the internal reglement of the government. The current office or title has existed since the constitution of 1949.

The current vice-chancellor of Germany is Robert Habeck, who took office on 8 December 2021, succeeding Olaf Scholz, who gave up the role in order to become chancellor.

Political Party:

Political Party:

Political Party:

Franz Blücher

Franz Blücher (24 March 1896 – 26 March 1959) was a German politician and member of the German Parliament ("Bundestag").

Nueva Planta decrees

The Nueva Planta decrees (, ) were a number of decrees signed between 1707 and 1716 by Philip V, the first Bourbon king of Spain, during and shortly after the end of the War of the Spanish Succession by the Treaty of Utrecht.
Plazas de soberanía

The plazas de soberanía (, lit. "strongholds of sovereignty") is a term describing a series of Spanish overseas minor territories scattered along the Mediterranean coast bordering Morocco or that are closer to Africa than Europe. This term is used for those territories that have been a part of Spain since the formation of the modern country (1492–1556), as opposed to African territories acquired by Spain during the 19th and early 20th centuries in the Scramble for Africa.

Historically, a distinction was made between the so-called "major places of sovereignty", comprising the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla, and the "minor places of sovereignty", referring to a number of islands (and a small peninsula) along the coast. In the present, the term refers mainly to the latter.

Plectrohyla calvata

Plectrohyla calvata is a frog in the family Hylidae. Itlives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 1900 and 2500 meters above sea level in cloud forests.

Latins (Italic tribe)

The Latins sometimes known as the Latians were an Italic tribe. It had the early people living in the city of Rome. From about 1000 BC, the Latins lived in the small region known to the Romans as Old Latium

Eduardo Ferro Rodrigues

Eduardo Luís Barreto Ferro Rodrigues (born 3 November 1949) is a Portuguese politician and economist who has been President of the Assembly of the Republic since 2015, in the 13th (2015–2019) and 14th Legislatures (2019–present). He was Minister for Social Security, and later Minister for Public Works, in the governments of António Guterres.

Portuguese escudo

The Portuguese escudo was the currency of Portugal prior to the introduction of the euro on 1 January 1999 and the removal of the escudo from circulation on 28 February 2002. The escudo was subdivided into 100 . The word derives from the scutum shield.

Amounts in escudos were written as with the as the decimal separator (for example: means , means ). Because of the conversion rate of 1000 = , three decimal places were initially used ( = ).
Mammendorf

Mammendorf is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany. It is halfway between Munich and Augsburg.

Mammendorf is part of Fürstenfeldbruck, Upper Bavaria and is about 6 kilometres northwest of the city of Fürstenfeldbruck. The towns Nannhofen and Peretshofen are part of the municipality of Mammendorf.

The Maisach River flows through Mammendorf.

Mittelstetten

Mittelstetten is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Moorenweis

Moorenweis is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberschweinbach

Oberschweinbach is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

County of Portugal

The County of Portugal (; in documents of the period the name used was Portugalia) refers to two successive medieval counties in the region around Braga and Porto, today corresponding to littoral northern Portugal, within which the identity of the Portuguese people formed. The first county existed from the mid-ninth to the mid-eleventh centuries as a vassalage of the Kingdom of Asturias and later the Kingdoms of Galicia and León, before being abolished as a result of rebellion. A larger entity under the same name was then reestablished in the late 11th century and subsequently elevated by its count in the mid-12th century into an independent Kingdom of Portugal.

Battle of Ourique

The Battle of Ourique () was a battle that took place on 25 July 1139, in which the forces of Portuguese count Afonso Henriques (of the House of Burgundy) defeated those led by the Almoravid governor of Córdoba, Muhammad Az-Zubayr Ibn Umar, identified as "King Ismar" in Christian chronicles.

Qaid

Qaid ( ', "commander"; pl. '), also spelled kaid or caïd, is a word meaning "commander" or "leader." It was a title in the Norman kingdom of Sicily, applied to palatine officials and members of the "curia", usually to those who were Muslims or converts to Islam. The word entered the Latin language as or . Later the word was used in North Africa for the governor of a fortress or the warden of a prison, also in Spain and Portugal in the form with the definite article "alcayde" (Spanish) "alcaide" (Portuguese). It is also used as a male Arabic given name.

Domingos Sequeira

Domingos António de Sequeira (Lisbon; 10 March 1768Rome; 8 March 1837) was a famous Portuguese painter at the Royal Court of King John VI of Portugal.
Ourique

Ourique () is a city in the District of Beja in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 5,389, in an area of 663.31 km.

This town is traditionally considered the site of the famous Battle of Ourique in 1139, which saw the forces of Portuguese Prince Afonso Henriques defeat a Muslim Almoravid force. The present Mayor is Marcelo Guerreiro, elected by the Socialist Party, who became the youngest Mayor in Portugal, aged 25, in 2015. The municipal holiday is September 8.

Kingdom of Asturias

The Kingdom of Asturias (; ) was a kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula founded by the Visigothic nobleman Pelagius. It was the first Christian political entity established after the Umayyad conquest of Visigothic Hispania in 718 or 722. That year, Pelagius defeated an Umayyad army at the Battle of Covadonga, in what is usually regarded as the beginning of the "Reconquista".

The Asturian kings would occasionally make peace with the Muslims, particularly at times when they needed to pursue their other enemies, the Basques and rebels in Galicia. Thus Fruela I (757–68) killed 40,000 Muslims but also defeated the Basques and Galicians, and Silo (774–83) made peace with the Muslims but not with the Galicians. Under King Alfonso II (791–842), the kingdom was firmly established with Alfonso's recognition as king of Asturias by Charlemagne and the Pope. He conquered Galicia and the Basques. During his reign, the holy bones of St James the Great were declared to be found in Galicia, in Compostela (from Latin "campus stellae", literally "the field of the star"). Pilgrims from all over Europe opened a way of communication between the isolated Asturias and the Carolingian lands and beyond. Alfonso's policy consisted in depopulating the borders of Bardulia (which would turn into Castile) in order to gain population support north of the mountains. With this growth came a corresponding increase in military forces. The kingdom was now strong enough to sack the Moorish cities of Lisbon, Zamora and Coimbra. However, for centuries to come the focus of these actions was not conquest but pillage and tribute. In the summers of 792, 793 and 794 several Muslim attacks plundered Alava, and the heart of the Asturian kingdom, reaching up to the capital, Oviedo. In one of the retreats, Alfonso inflicted a severe defeat on the Muslims in the swampy area of Lutos, killing 70,000.

When Alfonso II died, Ramiro I (842–50) staged a coup against the "Count of the Palace" Nepotian, who had taken the throne. After a battle on a bridge over the river Narcea, Nepotian was captured in flight, blinded and then forced into monastic life. Early in his reign, in 844, Ramiro was faced with a Viking attack at a place called "Farum Brecantium", believed to be present-day Corunna. He gathered an army in Galicia and Asturias and defeated the Vikings, killing many of them and burning their ships. In 859, a second Viking fleet set out for Spain. The Vikings were slaughtered off the coast of Galicia by Count Pedro. The considerable territorial expansion of the Asturian kingdom under Alfonso III (866–910) was largely made possible by the collapse of Umayyad control over many parts of Al-Andalus at this time. Between the years 866 and 881, the western frontier of the kingdom in Galicia was expanded into the northern part of modern-day Portugal. The year 878 saw a Muslim assault on the towns of Astorga and León. The expedition consisted of two detachments, one of which was decisively defeated at Polvoraria on the river Orbigo, with an alleged loss of 13,000 men. In 881, Alfonso took the offensive, leading an army deep into the Lower March, crossing the Tagus River to approach Mérida. Then miles from the city the Asturian army crossed the Guadiana River and defeated the Umayyad army on "Monte Oxifer", allegedly leaving 15,000 Muslim soldiers killed. Returning home, Alfonso devoted himself to building the churches of Oviedo and constructing one or two more palaces for himself.

The Kingdom of Asturias transitioned into the Kingdom of León in 924, when Fruela II of Asturias became king with his royal court in León.

Aeronca C-3

The Aeronca C-3 is a light aircraft build by Aeronca in the 1930s. Its made in the United States and there's a number of 400 build.



Aeronca K

The Aeronca K is an American aircraft made by Aeronca in 1937. The aircraft is still in use and there are 357 made.


Welch OW-6M

The Welch OW-6M is an American aircraft made by Welch aircraft industry in 1931.


Ferrofluid

A ferrofluid is a liquid that will react to a magnetic field without becoming solid. Usually it contains small magnetic particles in a suspension.

Continental A-40

The Continental A-40 is an aircraft engine made by Continental Motors and is especially made for light aircraft.
A40



Olching

Olching is a town in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It is about 20 km (12 mi) northwest of Munich.

Olching is about halfway between Dachau and Fürstenfeldbruck, and stretches along both sides of the River Amper. There are two lakes to the east of Olching, the "Olchinger See" (Lake Olching) and "Kleiner See" (Small Lake), both of which border on the neighbouring community of Gröbenzell.

Olching is twinned with:

The initial text content of this site is based upon the German language Wikipedia entry for Olching, 


Continental A-50

The Continental A-40 is an aircraft engine made by Continental Motors and is especially made for light aircraft.



Socialist Party (Portugal)

The Socialist Party is a social-democratic political party in Portugal. It was founded in-exile on 19 April 1973 in the German city of Bad Münstereifel by members from the Portuguese Socialist Action during the Estado Novo era. Partido Socialista is a member of the Socialist International and Progressive Alliance. It is also a member of Party of European Socialists regionally in Europe. It has nine members in the European Parliament within the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats group during the 9th European Parliament.

The part is considered centre-left and is one of the two major parties in Portuguese politics, its rival being the Social Democratic Party (PSD) on the centre-right. The leader of the PS is António Costa, the current Prime Minister of Portugal. The party has 108 of 230 seats in the Portuguese parliament following the October 2019 election, forming a minority government.

Afonso VI of Portugal

Afonso VI (; 21 August 164312 September 1683), known as "the Victorious" (), was the second King of Portugal of the House of Braganza from 1656 until his death. He was initially under the regency of his mother, Luisa of Medina-Sidonia, until 1662, when he removed her to a convent and took power with the help of his favourite, the Count of Castelo Melhor.

Afonso's reign saw the end of the Restoration War (1640–68) and Spain's recognition of Portugal's independence. He also negotiated a French alliance through his marriage. However, the king was physically and mentally weak. In 1668, his brother Pedro conspired to have him declared incapable of ruling, and took supreme "de facto" power as regent, although nominally Afonso was still sovereign. Queen Marie Françoise, Afonso's wife, received an annulment and subsequently married Pedro. Afonso spent the rest of his life and reign practically a prisoner.

John of Austria the Younger

John Joseph of Austria or John of Austria (the Younger) () (7 April 162917 September 1679) was a Spanish general and political figure. He was the only illegitimate son of Philip IV of Spain to be acknowledged by the King and trained for military command and political administration. Don John advanced the causes of the Spanish Crown militarily and diplomatically at Naples, Sicily, Catalonia, the Netherlands, Portugal, Dunkirk and other fronts. He was the governor of the Southern Netherlands from 1656 to 1659. He remained a popular hero even as the fortunes of Imperial Spain began to decline. His feuds with his father's widow, Queen Mariana, led to a 1677 palace coup through which he exiled Mariana and took control of the monarchy of his half-brother Charles II of Spain. However, he proved far from the savior Spain had hoped he would be. He remained in power until his death in 1679.
Prazeres Cemetery

Prazeres Cemetery () is one of the largest cemeteries in Lisbon, Portugal; it is located in the "freguesia" (civil parish) of Estrela, in western Lisbon (formerly, within the parish of Prazeres). It is considered to be one of the most beautiful and famous cemeteries in the world. It is home to the , the largest mausoleum in Europe.

Prazeres Cemetery is the resting place for many famous personalities, including Prime Ministers and Presidents of Portugal, notable literary figures such as author Ramalho Ortigão, famous artists like painters Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro or Roque Gameiro, prominent musical figures like pianist Alexandre Rey Colaço or composer João Domingos Bomtempo, and numerous other notable burials, especially from the Portuguese nobility.

Estrela (Lisbon)

Estrela () is a "freguesia" (civil parish) and district of Lisbon, the capital of Portugal. Located in the historic center of Lisbon, Estrela is south of Campo de Ourique, west of Misericórdia, and east of Alcântara. The population in 2011 was 20,128.

Lisbon District

The District of Lisbon () is along the western coast of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Lisbon, which is also the national capital.

The district has 16 municipalities:

Maurits Kjaergaard

Maurits Kjaergaard (born 26 June 2003) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and for FC Liefering in the 2nd Austrian league.
He started his career with Lyngby BK. 2019 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg. In the beginning he played for the feeder club FC Liefering. He made his debut for Liefering in August 2019 versus SV Horn when he came in for Jung-Min Kim in minute 64.
In February 2021 he made his debut for FC Red Bull Salzburg. 
Kjaergaard played for Denmarks U16, U17, U19 and U21.
Red Bull Salzburg 

Jjimjilbang

Jjimjilbang or jimjilbang are Korean spas. They have bathtubs, heated floors, and hot kiln rooms that are like saunas. Some of them have pools or massages.

There are two types of warmth in a jjimjilbang: heated floors and heated rooms similar to saunas.

Some jjimjilbang in Korea today are open all day and night. In some jjimjilbang, travelers can buy a place to sleep for the night, like in a hotel.

It costs about ￦5000 to to go to a jjimjilbang and about ￦8000 to sleep there overnight (US$5 to $8). People come to a jjimjilbang and take off their shoes to walk on the heated floor. They put all their clothes in lockers. Then they take showers with soap before going into any of the pools or saunas.

People make jjimjilbang out of different things for different reasons. People think bathing in a jjimjilbang made of clay may remove toxins from the body. People think bathing in a jjimjilbang made of jade may stop pain in the joints, for example the knees.

Today, some jjimijilbang also have fitness centers and rooms for arcade games, movies, the Internet, and fitness centers. Some jjimjilbang let people wear shorts and t-shirts to the entertainment areas but not in the water.

Jjimjilbang came from the natural hot springs in Korea. The first jjimjilbang may have been in the Joseon era (late 1300s to late 1800s). 


New Brighton, Minnesota

New Brighton is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

North Oaks, Minnesota

North Oaks is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Arup S-2

The Arup S-2 is an aircraft that is made by Arup in 1933 and has a wing named the low aspect ratio wing.
General characteristics


Performance


North St. Paul, Minnesota

North St. Paul is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Shoreview, Minnesota

Shoreview is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Vadnais Heights, Minnesota

Vadnais Heights is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

German Emperor

The German Emperor ( ) was the official title of the head of state and hereditary ruler of the German Empire. A specifically chosen term, it was introduced with the 1 January 1871 constitution and lasted until the official abdication of Wilhelm II on 28 November 1918. The Holy Roman Emperor is sometimes also called "German Emperor" when the historical context is clear, as derived from the Holy Roman Empire's official name of "Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation" from 1512.

Heath Parasol LNA-40

The Heath Parasol is an American home made aircraft made by Edward Bayard Heath in 1926.



Arthur Moeller van den Bruck

Arthur Moeller van den Bruck was a German historian. In 1905 he published a cultural history of Germany in eight volumes. During World War I he was in a foreign affairs section of the German Army. in 1923 he published a book called "Das Dritte Reich" which influenced various right-wing politicians in Germany, including Adolph Hitler. He thought Hitler could not become important and the political hope of the future was Benito Mussolini. Van den Bruck committed suicide in 1925.
Mirandese language

The Mirandese language or "lhéngua mirandesa" is an Astur-Leonese language or language variety that is sparsely spoken in a small area of northeastern Portugal in Terra de Miranda (made up of the municipalities of Miranda do Douro, Mogadouro and Vimioso). 
The Assembly of the Republic granted it official recognition alongside Portuguese for local matters on 17 September 1998 with the law 7/99 of 29 January 1999. In 2001, Mirandese was officially recognised by the European Bureau for Lesser-Used Languages, which aims to promote the survival of the least spoken European languages.
Mirandese has a distinct phonology, morphology and syntax. It has its roots in the local Vulgar Latin spoken in the northern Iberian Peninsula.

Mirandese is a descendant of the Astur-Leonese variety spoken in the Kingdom of León and has both archaisms and innovations that differentiate it from the modern varieties of Astur-Leonese spoken in Spain. In recognition of these differences, and due to its political isolation from the rest of the Astur-Leonese speaking territory, Mirandese has adopted a different written norm to the one used in Spain for Astur-Leonese.

Marienplatz

Marienplatz (English: Mary's Square, i.e. St. Mary, Our Lady's Square) is a central square in the centre of Munich, Germany. It has been the city's main square since 1158.


Nicholson Junior KN-2

The Nicholson Junior KN-2 was an aircraft made in the late 1920s. It was used for flight training in the United States. Only 1 aircraft was built.



SpVgg Unterhaching

Spielvereinigung Unterhaching () is a German sports club in Unterhaching, a municipality on the southern parts of the Bavarian capital Munich. The club is known for playing in the first-division association football league Bundesliga with Bayern Munich and 1860 Munich, for two seasons between 1999 and 2001. The football team plays in the Regionalliga (fourth tier).

The club's honours:


Recent managers of the club:
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:


SpVgg Unterhaching's home stadium is the municipal Stadion am Sportpark (capacity 15,053), now known as Alpenbauer Sportpark under a sponsorship agreement with the club.


Piper J-3 Cub

The Piper J-3 Cub is an American light aircraft that was built between 1938 and 1947 by Piper Aircraft.The Cub is Piper Aircraft's most-produced model, with nearly 20,000 built in the United States.



Get Weird

Get Weird is the third studio album by British girl group Little Mix. It was released on 6 November 2015, through Syco Music and Columbia Records. The album is a departure from the urban sound of the group's previous album "Salute" (2013), and features a more dance-pop, synth-pop and R&B sound to it.

"Get Weird" received generally positive reviews from music critics.


Helicopter-triggered lightning strike

Helicopter-triggered lightning strikes is when a "helicopter itself [... is a main reason for a] lightning strike [... or hit. Other reasons] are needed to create the right conditions for helicopter"-"triggered lightning, which has been observed in [... the] North Sea [... and] sea near Japan".

These lightning strikes happen especially when there is snow fall and the temperature is around 0 degrees celsius.

The phenomenon has been studied for several years (as of 2015).


Roberto Fico

Roberto Fico (; born 10 October 1974) is an Italian politician and member of the Five Star Movement. He was President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 2018 to 2022. Previously, he was the Chairman of the RAI Supervision Commission from 2013 to 2018.

Fuorigrotta

Fuorigrotta "Outside the grotto") is a western suburb of Naples, southern Italy.
Covering an area of 6,2 km, it is the most populated suburb of the city (76.521 people).

It lies beyond the Posillipo hill and has been joined to the main body of Naples by two traffic tunnels through that hill since the early 20th century.

It is the site of the Stadio San Paolo, home to the Serie A team S.S.C. Napoli. It is also the site of the new Monte Sant'Angelo campus of the University of Naples.

It owes its name to its position "outside the grotto". Since Roman times, one or more tunnels connected it with the district of Mergellina.

The oldest tunnel is a Roman one, the Crypta Neapolitana, connecting Fuorigrotta with Piedigrotta. In Roman times, it connected Naples to the road that led to Pozzuoli and to area of the Campi Flegrei.
Fuorigrotta has been a rural district until the Fascist era. The urban asset of the area was radically changed by the Fascist government since 1936, first by building the viale Augusto and by locating in the area the Mostra d'Oltremare (one of the most important Italian fair ground) and then by the construction of the Santa Maria Immacolata church.
During this period many streets changed their names into Roman inspired ones: viale Augusto, via Giulio Cesare, via Caio Duilio etc.

After World War II, Fuorigrotta underwent intense urban expansion and became the most densely populated area of the city.

Sony Classical

Sony Classical is an American record label founded in 1924 as Columbia Masterworks Records, a subsidiary of Columbia Records. In 1980, the Columbia Masterworks label was renamed as CBS Masterworks Records. The CBS Records Group was acquired by Sony in 1988, and in 1990 it was renamed Sony Classical.



Porterfield CP-40 Zephyr

The Porterfield Collegiate is an American training aircraft made by Porterfield Aircraft Corporation in 1936. They are still in service and there are a number of 476 aircrafts build.


CP-50


Rose Parakeet

The Rose Parrakeet was a sporting biplane produced in small numbers in the United States during the 1930s. It's made by the Rose Aeroplane and Motor Company.


Taylor E-2 Cub

The Taylor Cub was originally designed by C. Gilbert Taylor as a small, light and simple aircraft, evolved from the Arrowing Chummy. It is the forefather of the popular

Piper J-3 Cub, and total production of the Cub series was 23,512 aircraft. It has a Continental A-40 engine.


Red Dog (movie)

Red Dog is a 2011 Australian comedy-drama family movie written by Daniel Taplitz, directed by Kriv Stenders and produced by Nelson Woss and Julie Ryan. It stars Koko as the title character, Josh Lucas, Rachael Taylor, and John Batchelor. The movie is based on the true story of Red Dog and uses the 2002 novel "Red Dog" by Louis de Bernieres as the primary source. At the 2011 Inside Film Awards, "Red Dog" was nominated in nine categories and won seven, including best feature movie. The movie was also nominated for seven AACTA Awards and won for Best Movie. The movie was theatrically released on 4 August 2011 by Roadshow Film Distributors.

The movie was followed by a prequel, "" released in 2016, and a spin-off documentary "" released in 2019.



Thomas Rhett

Thomas Rhett is an American singer and songwriter. In 2013
he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Country Airplay music chart.

Rhett was born on March 30, 1990 in Valdosta, Georgia.




Alabama Landing, Louisiana

Alabama Landing is an unincorporated community in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Upstream (movie)

Upstream is a 1927 American comedy movie directed by John Ford and starring Nancy Nash, Earle Foxe, Raymond Hitchcock, Grant Withers, Sammy Cohen, Lydia Yeamans Titus, Emile Chautard, Jane Winton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Plectrohyla sagorum

The arcane spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla sagorum") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Guatemala, and El Salvador. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1450 and 2050 meters above sea level.

Sonny &amp; Cher

Sonny & Cher were an American pop and entertainment duo in the 1960s and 1970s, made up of husband and wife Sonny Bono and Cher. The couple started their career in the mid-1960s as R&B backing singers for record producer Phil Spector.

The pair first achieved fame with two hit songs in 1965, "Baby Don't Go" and "I Got You Babe". Signing with Atco/Atlantic Records, they released three studio albums in the late 1960s, as well as the soundtrack recordings for two unsuccessful movies, "Good Times"and "Chastity", with Cher contributing vocals to one cut, "Chastity's Song (Band of Thieves)". In 1972, after three years of silence, the couple returned to the studio and released two other albums under the MCA/Kapp Records label.

In the 1970s, they also positioned themselves as media personalities with two top ten TV shows in the US, "The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour" and "The Sonny & Cher Show". The couple's career as a duo ended in 1975 following their divorce. In the decade they spent together, Sonny and Cher were nominated for two Grammy Awards and sold over 40 million records worldwide. "Rolling Stone" ranked them No. 18 on its list of the 20 Greatest Duos of All Time.

Integration by substitution

In calculus, integration by substitution is a method of evaluating an antiderivative or a definite integral by applying a change of variables. It is the integral counterpart of the chain rule for differentiation. For a definite integral, it can be shown as follows:

formula_1

Where formula_2 such that formula_3.


Consider the integral

formula_4

Let formula_5 to obtain formula_6 and formula_7. In this case, the formula_8 variable is not present, so the 1/3 can be factored out of the integrand. Since the integral is now in terms of formula_9, the bounds of integration (1 and 3 in this case), must be plugged in to the substitution u=3x. So the new bounds of integration are 3 and 9 to obtain,

formula_10

The antiderivative of formula_11 may also be found using integration by substitution and ends up being formula_12.

The Perils of Pauline (1947 movie)

The Perils of Pauline is a 1947 American comedy movie directed by George Marshall and starring Betty Hutton, John Lund, Billy De Wolfe, William Demarest, Constance Collier, Frank Faylen, William Farnum, Chester Conklin, Creighton Hale. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1948.


Up Goes Maisie

Up Goes Maisie is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Harry Beaumont and is the ninth movie in the Maisie series. It stars Ann Sothern, George Murphy, Hillary Brooke, Stephen McNally, Jeff York, Murray Alper, John Eldredge and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


A Perfect World

A Perfect World is a 1993 American crime drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars). Also starring Kevin Costner, Laura Dern, Keith Szarabajka, Leo Burmester, Bruce McGill, Paul Hewitt, Bradley Whitford, Anthony Head and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Pope Cyril V of Alexandria

Pope Cyril V of Alexandria (Abba Kyrillos V) (1831-1927) was the 112th Pope of Alexandria from 1874-1927. He was the leader of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. He is the longest-serving church official who was been ranked as Pope in history.

Disorganized Crime

Disorganized Crime is a 1989 American comedy movie directed by Jim Kouf and starring Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, Corbin Bernsen, Rubén Blades, Ed O'Neill, Hoyt Axton, William Russ. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

Daniel Owusu

Daniel Owusu (born 13 June 1989) is a Ghanaian footballer. He plays as a striker for 2. Liga club FC Liefering, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays in the UEFA Youth League team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Owusu began his career with West African Football Academy (WAFA) in Sogakope. He played in their youth teams. With WAFA under 16 team he won the 2018 Next Generation Trophy in Salzburg, Austria. He was selected best player of the tournament. Then he played for the senior team of the WAFA.

In February 2021 he came to FC Red Bull Salzburg along with Forson Amankwah. For the rest of the season he went on loan to SV Horn. After this loan he went on loan to the feeder team FC Liefering for the 2021-22 season.

Phobia (1980 movie)

Phobia is a 1980 Canadian American horror thriller directed by John Huston and starring Paul Michael Glaser, Susan Hogan, Patricia Collins, John Colicos, David Eisner, Alexandra Stewart. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The False Madonna

The False Madonna is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Stuart Walker and starring Kay Francis, Charles D. Brown, Conway Tearle, Marjorie Gateson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise)

Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise) is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and was based on the 1912 novel of the same name by David Graham Phillips. It stars Greta Garbo, Clark Gable, Alan Hale Sr., Jean Hersholt, Hilda Vaughn, Ian Keith, John Miljan and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Hough transform

The Hough transform is a computer vision technique used to identify lines within an image. The only knowledge you need prior to understanding the algorithm is that lines can be represented either by two points or by two values. The first is the angle of the line (theta) and the second is the shortest distance from that line to the origin (rho). The algorithm basically works like this:

Some notes about the algorithm:

Plectrohyla quecchi

The Las Palmas spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla quecchi") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 615 and 1850 meters above sea level.

Puchheim

Puchheim is a town near Munich in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 20,000 residents.

Puchheim is divided into two parts: Puchheim-Ort and the new part of Puchheim (Puchheim-Bahnhof) that was founded when the Munich S-Bahn was built. Before that there was one of the first civil airfields in Bavaria, which was later used as a prisoner of war camp during World War I.

Puchheim is twinned with:

Schöngeising

Schöngeising is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Türkenfeld

Türkenfeld (German literally: "“Turkfield”") is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Türkenfeld is about 14 km south-west of Fürstenfeldbruck and 37 km west of Munich. The municipality has incorporated the communities of Burgholz, Klotzau, Türkenfeld, Peutenmühle, Pleitmannswang, and Zankenhausen.


Imperial German Army

The Imperial German Army (1871–1919), officially called the German Army (), was the unified ground and air force of the German Empire. It was established in 1871 with the political unification of Germany under the leadership of Prussia, and was dissolved in 1919, after the defeat of the German Empire in First World War (1914–1918). In the Federal Republic of Germany, the term ' identifies the German Army, the land component of the '. 

Moravians

Moravians ("Czech: Moravané" or colloquially "Moraváci", outdated "Moravci") are a West Slavic ethnographic group from the Moravia region of the Czech Republic, who speak the Moravian dialects of Czech or Common Czech or a mixed form of both. Along with the Silesians of Czechia, a part of the population to identify ethnically as Moravian has registered in Czech censuses since 1991. The figure has fluctuated and in the 2011 census, 6.01% of the Czech population declared Moravian as their ethnicity. Smaller pockets of persons declaring Moravian ethnicity are also native to neighboring Slovakia.

Moldovans

Moldovans, sometimes referred as Moldavians ( , Moldovan Cyrillic: молдовень), are the largest ethnic group of the Republic of Moldova (75.1% of the population as of 2014) and a significant minority in Ukraine and Russia.

This article refers to the mostly Moldovan/Romanian language-speaking population native to the Republic of Moldova, the historical Bessarabia, Transnistria and the diaspora originating from these regions, self-identified as Moldovans (another 7% of the population of Moldova self-identified as Romanians).

The variant Moldavians may also be used to refer to all inhabitants of the territory of historical Principality of Moldavia, currently divided among Romania (47.5%), Moldova (30.5%) and Ukraine (22%), regardless of ethnic identity. In Romania, natives of Western Moldavia identifying with the term generally declare Romanian ethnicity, while the Moldovans from Bessarabia (the Republic of Moldova included) are usually called "Bessarabians" ().

National Bank of Ukraine

National Bank of Ukraine () or NBU () is the central bank of Ukraine – a government body responsible for unified state policy in the field of country's monetary circulation, including strengthening of national currency unit – hryvnia. National bank of Ukraine employe over 12,000 making it one of the leading banks. It regulates and supervises activities, functions and legal status of government and commercial banks based on principles of the Constitution of Ukraine and the law of Ukraine "About the National Bank of Ukraine".

Pillars of Hercules

The Pillars of Hercules are the mountains on both sides of the Strait of Gibraltar. People in ancient times named them. Modern historians know that the northern Pillar, Calpe Mons, is the Rock of Gibraltar. But modern historians do not know which rock on the south side is the other Pillar, Abila Mons. Historians have argued about this for hundreds of years. The two rocks that are most likely to be Abial Mons are Monte Hacho in Ceuta and Jebel Musa in Morocco.

President of the Spanish Senate

The president of the Senate is the presiding officer of the Spanish Senate, the upper house of Spain's Cortes Generales. It is the fourth authority of the country after the Monarch (Head of State), the Prime Minister (Head of Government) and the President of the Congress of Deputies (Speaker of the Lower House). He or she is elected among and by the incumbent senators and when unable to exercise power, he or she is replaced by the Vice Presidents of the Senate.

Although it shares the representation of the Cortes Generales with the President of the Congress, the constitutional preponderance granted to the latter due to the asymmetry of the Spanish bicameralism, allows the President of the Congress to assume the leadership of the Cortes, leaving the President of the Senate in background.

The current office was established by the 1978 Constitution, however, the position has a tradition of almost 200 years, since its creation in 1834 when it was called President of the House of Peers.

As of the 14th term of the Cortes Generales, the current officeholder is Ander Gil, a member of the Socialist Parliamentary Group representing Burgos.

Taylor J-2 Cub

The Taylor J-2 Cub (later also known as the Piper J-2 Cub) is an American light aircraft that was designed and built by the Taylor Aircraft Company. The company became the Piper Aircraft Company and the J-2 was first of a long line of related Piper Cub designs. Its engine is a Continental A-40-3.


Agusta A.104

The Agusta A.104 Helicar was an Italian prototype light commercial helicopter first flown in December 1960. It's engine is an Agusta GA.140
An example of the A.104 is showed in the "Museo Agusta" which is maintained by the Agusta company and is located just south of Milan Malpensa Airport.

Barcelona (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Barcelona is a constituency of Spain.

Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin

Sp.Vg. Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin, mostly referred to as Blau-Weiß 90, was a German association football club based in Mariendorf, a district of Berlin. The club was formed on 27 July 1927 from the merger of "Berliner FC Vorwärts 1890" (November 1890), German championship runner-up of 1921, and "Berliner Thor- und Fussball Club Union 1892" ("BTuFC Union", June 1892), German champions of 1905. Blau-Weiß 90 spent one season in the German first division, the Fußball-Bundesliga.


Alabama (band)

Alabama are an American band that plays country music and Southern rock. In 1980 they had their first number one song on on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart. As late as 2010 they had a song on Billboard's Hot Country Songs.


Photonics

Photonics is the science of and technology using photons, the fundamental particle of light. The word's etymology comes from the Greek word ""phos"", meaning light, and the suffix "-"ics"", meaning 'matters relevant to'. The etymology is similar to that of the field of Electronics, in which electrons are the main physical particle used in the science and technology. 

Photonics technologies respond to the needs of humankind by providing access to information, promoting sustainable development, and increasing societal health and well-being. It has many applications across medicine, communications, entertainment and culture. In recognition of this, UNESCO proclaimed 2015 the International Year of Light and since 2018, 16 May the International Day of Light.

Rotax 912

The Rotax 912 is a piston aircraft engine made in Austria by the company Rotax. In 2014 Rotax made the 50,000 engine and started producing since 1989.



3I Sky Arrow

The 3I Sky Arrow is a high wing aircraft made in the 1990s by 3I. It's powered by a Rotax 912 engine.










Dancing molecule

Dancing molecules are moving molecules used in experimental therapy to reverse paralysis and repair tissue after severe spinal cord injuries. Nanoparticles are injected into a victim's body near the spinal cord. This was done with paralyzed mice. The mice could walk again within four weeks.

The therapy works by sending bioactive signals that stimulate cells to repair and regenerate. Since the receptors in neurons are constantly moving, therapy molecules that also move are used. The therapy works in the following ways:

The research was led by Dr. Samuel I. Stupp at Northwestern University.

"The secret behind Stupp's new breakthrough therapeutic is tuning the motion of molecules, so they can find and properly engage constantly moving cellular receptors. Injected as a liquid, the therapy immediately gels into a complex network of nanofibers that mimic the extracellular matrix of the spinal cord. By matching the matrix's structure, mimicking the motion of biological molecules and incorporating signals for receptors, the synthetic materials are able to communicate with cells." 

Experiments with humans are expected to begin in 2022. 

Dr. Stupp has speculated that the therapy could be applicable to many other areas of nerve problems. 

List of country musicians from North Carolina

This is a list of famous country musicians from North Carolina, USA.



The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Luke Combs, Scotty McCreery.

At least one musician got her first and only single, on two American country music charts (14th and 17th place) and Billboard Hot 100 (81st place).

Bands from North Caroline with number one songs on country music charts, include Parmalee.

Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones is an American science fiction movie produced by Lucasfilm and 20th Century Fox. This is the fifth movie that George Lucas made in the "Star Wars" series. It shows the reasons why Anakin Skywalker eventually became Darth Vader.

Ten years after , Senator Padmé Amidala is nearly killed by an unknown assassin, and Supreme Chancellor Palpatine assigns a young Jedi knight - Anakin Skywalker - to protect her. Anakin and Padmé haven't seen each other for ten years. They travel to Naboo, which is a safe planet. Anakin falls in love with Senator Padmé.

Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi tracks the assassin, Jango Fett, to a planet called Kamino. Obi-Wan discovers that on Kamino, an army of clone soldiers is being made for the Republic, but nobody knows who commissioned them. He also finds out that Jango Fett's DNA is being used to create the clones.

Anakin begins to have dreams of his mother dying so he travels back to Tatooine with Padmé and finds his mother, who has been tortured by alien savages. Anakin's mother dies, causing Anakin to briefly turn to the Dark Side and kill all of the savages, something a Jedi is forbidden from doing.

Jango Fett tries to escape to a remote desert planet called Geonosis but Obi-Wan follows him. Obi-Wan finds out that Jango Fett is working for Count Dooku, a former Jedi. Dooku is the leader of the Separatists, a group of planets who want to leave the Galactic Republic. Obi-Wan also finds out that Nute Gunray, Poggle the Lesser and several other corrupt businessmen are giving their armies to the Separatists so that they can fight the Republic.

Obi-Wan sends a distress signal to Anakin and Padmé and he is captured. Anakin and Padmé arrive on Geonosis but they are also captured by Jango Fett. The three of them are sentenced to death in an arena, watched by thousands of insect-like aliens called Geonosians. Luckily, Mace Windu and hundreds of Jedi arrive to save them. The Separatists reveal their droid army and they surround the Jedi. 

Suddenly, Yoda arrives with the clone soldiers and they fight the Separatists. Dooku manages to escape Geonosis. Dooku returns to Coruscant, where he meets Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Republic. Dooku tells Palpatine that their plan is working, implying to the audience that Dooku and Palpatine were the ones who asked the Kaminoans for the clone army so that they could start a war. Anakin and Padmé get married secretly while the Republic and the Jedi prepare their clone troopers prepare to go to war with the Separatists.




3Xtrim 3X55 Trener

The 3Xtrim 3X55 Trener is an ultralight aircraft made in Poland in 1996 and made a total of 60 aircraft. It's designed by Adam Kurbiel and has a Rotax 912 engine.
General characteristics


Tragic Alcove (Amisani)

Tragic Alcove (also known as La Culla Tragica) was painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, in 1910. It is kept in the Pinacoteca do Estado de São Paulo of São Paulo in Brazil from 1913. 

The Alcova Tragica painting represents a female figure with a naked body with sinuous features and a twisted shape. Under the right breast a hand, from which flows a blue-silver veil, he with the bowed head meets the fiery red hair, which covers the eyes of this majestic and fatal creature in the dark fatally. A being, in the presence of this impassive woman, raises his hands in an act of prayer. Under your feet, other men. Former victims, once devoured, and now in agony ready to die. But even if they are torn apart, they come back, as if bewitched, to beg her for a last kiss. And little by little, they partially converge on this amazing backdrop.
It is the pleasure of a sex witch, whose desire is never satisfied, consumes men one by one, enchants them and devours them. Now they are no longer needed, as she has already used the blood that bathes her hair. His lips sucked all their strength, they took their own life. She is a femme fatale: a vampire, a man-eater. Everything about the painting is suggestive because it is not yet known what could initiate this massacre, the motive that makes women hurl women against these men. We only know that she appears, touches them and wreaks havoc.

“In Alcova Tragica – this daring, almost reckless creation of the superhuman figure of mermaid woman, who, amidst the prayers, the curses, the moans, the gasps, it is always reborn, like an enchanted phoenix, pomping over this sacrificial bunches human, to rise more and more beautiful and promising and offer on red lips of an immortal lust, the evil fruit of infinite suffering...” (The Correio Paulistano. Art Registration. Amisani Exhibition. Brasil, 12/09/1913)





Pınar Aylin

Fatma Pınar Aylin (born 12 May 1972, Izmir) is a Turkish singer. She first became known with her song "Deliler Gibi" (Like crazy) in 1995.





Tracy Byrd

Tracy Byrd is an American country singer. In 1993 he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart.

He was born on December 17, 1966 in Vidor, Texas.




List of country musicians from California

This is a list of famous country musicians from California, USA.



The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Gary Allan.

The following other musicians have had at least one "top five" song or album on country music charts: Cam, Devin Dawson, Skip Ewing.

Mark Chesnutt

Mark Chesnutt is an American country singer. In 1990 he had his first number one songs on country music charts in the United States (Hot Country Songs) and Candada (RPM (magazine)).

He was born on September 6, 1963 in Beaumont, Texas.



The Abysmal Brute (movie)

The Abysmal Brute is a 1923 American silent sports drama movie directed by Hobart Henley and was based on the 1911 novel of the same name by Jack London. It stars Reginald Denny, Mabel Julienne Scott, Charles K. French, Hayden Stevenson, David Torrence, Buddy Messinger, Crauford Kent, Dorothea Wolbert and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Hallelujah, I'm a Bum (movie)

Hallelujah, I'm a Bum is a 1933 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Al Jolson, Madge Evans, Frank Morgan, Harry Langdon, Chester Conklin, Tyler Brooke, Bert Roach. It was distributed by United Artists.


Hello, Everybody!

Hello, Everybody! is a 1933 American musical movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Kate Smith, Randolph Scott, Sally Blane, Charley Grapewin, George Barbier, Wade Boteler, Julia Swayne Gordon, Erville Alderson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Paris in Spring

Paris in Spring is a 1935 American romantic comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the play of the same name by Dwight Taylor. It stars Mary Ellis, Tullio Carminati, Ida Lupino, Lynne Overman, Jessie Ralph, Jack Raymond, Dorothea Wolbert, Billy Gilbert, Francis Ford and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Plectrohyla guatemalensis

The Guatemala spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla guatemalensis") is a frog that lives in Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and El Salvador. It lives in pine-oak forests and cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 2800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40.0 to 52.1 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 42.1 to 54.1 mm long. The male frog has thicker front legs than the female frog. This frog has dark green skin. Some of them have red spots. It can be tan or gray near the rear end. Its belly is white.

During the day, this frog sits on rocks or plants near streams. The female frog lays eggs at the bottoms of streams or on roots.

There are fewer of these frogs than there used to be because human beings build things where the frog likes to live. Scientists say it is possible that the fungal disease chytridiomycosis also kills this frog.

Batticaloa

Batticaloa (Tamil: மட்டக்களப்பு, "Maṭṭakkaḷappu"; Sinhala: මඩකලපුව, "Madakalapuwa)" is a city of the Eastern province of Sri Lanka. It is the administrative capital of the Batticaloa District. The Eastern University of Sri Lanka is in Batticaloa and it is a major commercial centre. It is on the east coast, 111 kilometres (69 miles) south of Trincomalee. It is on an island. Pasikudah is a popular tourist destination in Batticaloa. It is 35 km (22 miles) northwest with beaches and lagoons. 

'Batticaloa' is a name that comes from the portuguese language. Batticaloa has a nickname - "Land of the singing fish" (Tamil: மீன் பாடும் தேன் நாடு) due to musical sounds that related to fish or aquatic creatures in the Batticaloa Lagoon near the Kallady Bridge. BBC Radio 4 was able to record the mysterious sound in Batticaloa Lagoon. The sound was broadcast by Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation in 1960s with the help of Rev. Fr. Lang, a Catholic priest.

Batticaloa is in the eastern coast of Sri Lanka. It occupies the central part of eastern Sri Lanka. Its average elevation (height from sea level) is around 5 meters. Batticaloa district has three main lagoons - Batticaloa Lagoon, Valaichchenai Lagoon, and Vakari (Panichchankerni) Lagoon. Among these lagoons, Batticaloa Lagoon is the largest lagoon. It is 56 km long and has an area of 162 square kilometres, extending from Pankudaweli in North and Kalmunai in South.

There are several islands within the Batticaloa Lagoon such as Puliayantheevu, Buffaloa Island and Bone Island. Many bridges are built across the lagoon which connect the mainland and the islands. Puliayantheevu is the metropolitan place of the city. The biggest bridge of all is the Lady Manning bridge at Kallady. This bridge is the main access path to the city from the southern places of the district. This bridge is also famous for Singing fishes which were considered as musical sounds heard in the Kallady lagoon on a full moon day. A priest named Father Lang recorded this musical charm and broadcast it in the 1960s over the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Cooperation.

Batticaloa beaches are sandy. Some beaches in Batticaloa are Kallady beach, Pasikudah, and Kalkudah. Pasikudah is a bay protected from the ocean, with a flat and sandy bed extending 150 to 200 meters from the shore.

Batticaloa has a tropical wet and dry climate under the Köppen climate classification, also known as 'dry-monsoonal climate'. Batticaloa's climate is temperate throughout the year. From March to May, the warmest time of the year, the maximum temperature is around 32 degrees Celsius (88 degrees Fahrenheit). During the monsoon season from November to February, heavy rains are recorded, with average temperature of 25 °C. Average annual rainfall in Batticaloa is 1,650.9 mm (65.00 in).

Yat

Yat (Ѣ ѣ) is a letter used in old Slavic languages. Yat was a common Slavic long vowel. There was also kind known as Iotated Yat (Ꙓ ꙓ).

Sönke Günther

Sönke Günther (born 18 June 2001) is a German football goalkeeper.

Günther started his football career at TSV Oberbrüden, later joined FSV Waiblingen and in 2014 moved to the talent center academy of VfB Stuttgart. For the 2016/17 season, he moved to the B2 Juniors (U16) of FC Schalke 04, before moving up to the B1 Juniors for the 2017/18 season, with whom he played under Frank Fahrenhorst in the B-Junioren-Bundesliga. For the 2018/19 season, Günther moved to the A Juniors of SC Freiburg (U19).

In June 2019, Günther signed his first professional contract with third league team Chemnitzer FC with a term until 30 June 2022. Even after the season interruption from March to May due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Chemnitzer FC did not manage to leave the relegation places and the club was relegated to the Regionalliga Nord/Ost.

After only one season with the Saxons, Günther moved on a free transfer to Hamburger SV in October 2020. The season was also interrupted due to rising infection levels caused by the COVID-19 pandemic at the end of October. After a month-long break, the 2020–21 season was ended early.

Günther was first invited to join the German U15 national team by Michael Feichtenbeiner in 2015.


Rhinebeck

Rhinebeck may refer to:


Housefull

Housefull is a 2010 Indian Hindi-language comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. The movie is partly adapted from the 1998 Tamil drama "Kaathala Kaathala". The dialogues were done by Anvita Dutt, while Nadiadwala wrote the storyline and Rameshwar S. Bhagat served as the editor. It became the first installment of the "Housefull" franchise.


Nominated

Won

Won

Nominated
The film's soundtrack is composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy. The lyrics are penned by Sameer and Amitabh Bhattacharya. The song ""Aapka Kya Hoga"" was a remake of the song "Apni Toh Jaise Taise" from the 1981 movie "Lawaaris".


Housefull 4

Housefull 4 is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Farhad Samji and produced by Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment and Fox Star Studios. The film is the fourth installment of the "Housefull" franchise. It stars Akshay Kumar, Riteish Deshmukh, Bobby Deol, Kriti Sanon, Pooja Hegde and Kriti Kharbanda in the lead roles.

The film was half directed by Sajid Khan, who had also directed the first two installments, but was replaced by Farhad Samji midway during the shooting, due to "Me Too" allegations. Nadiadwala claimed the film to be the highest-budgeted Indian comedy film. The film was theatrically released in India on 25 October 2019 during the occasion of Diwali to received mixed to negative reviews, who appreciated performances of ensemble cast, and production values, but criticized for screenplay, writing, humor, cliches, and direction, but became a box-office success.

Harry, Max, and Roy are three brothers who live in London. Harry, a barber gets frequent bizarre flashes of a past era. His forgetful nature causes him to misplace a don Michael's bag of 5 million pounds whose henchman demands them to return the money. To fulfill this, Harry, Roy, and Max get engaged to Pooja, Neha, and Kriti, the 3 respective daughters of rich businessman Manraj Thakral. But soon all of the 3 trios fall in love, and their wedding preparations begin.

Soon circumstances cause the wedding to be in Sitamgarh. There, all of them meet Aakhri Pasta, a bellboy at their hotel who recognizes them as reincarnated people from 600 years ago in 1419. Harry realizes his flashes have a connection with Pasta's claims and gets to know the past from him in Madhavgarh.

In 1419, Madhavgarh's Rajkumar Bala was banished by his father Maharaj Parikshitap for trying to kill him to become king. His servant Pehla Pasta took him to Sitamgarh (then a kingdom) whose king Surya Singh Rana wanted grooms for his daughters. Bala planned to marry the eldest Madhu to become Maharaj and meets Bangdu, an effeminate dance teacher who's dating the second daughter Mala. Meena, the youngest loves her brave bodyguard Dharamputra. Bala helps them to be together and also they get him and Madhu united. The plan works as Surya announces their weddings, but his nephew Suryabhan who wants the throne kills Sitamgarh's enemy clan leader and frames the couples for it. The leader's brother Gama fights for revenge. Bala realizes he truly loves Madhu. The wedding mandap collapses and kills the couples and Gama.
Back in present, Harry realizes the grooms are set to marry the wrong brides. Pasta helps Harry remind Roy and Max of their previous lives. Pappu Rangeela, a qawwali singer and Gama's reincarnation, enters but has no recollection of his past. Pasta finds a painting of their past lives' wedding day, which shows Madhu-Bala, Mala-Bangdu, and Meena-Dharamputra to make the girls remember their past. Before they can show the painting to the girls, it is caught by Pappu, who remembers his life as Gama and crashes the wedding, leading Pooja and Neha to remember everything. Michael, in fact, Suryabhan's reincarnation, shows up at the wedding for his money and shoots Gama.

Kriti remembers everything when she sees Michael and also reveals the mandap hadn't collapsed - Suryabhan broke it down to kill everyone so he could be the Maharaj. Michael recounts his past and boasts about how he killed Gama's brother. Pappu hears this and pushes Michael into the collapsing mandap, thus bringing his revenge. The film ends on a happy note as Harry, Kriti, Roy, Pooja, and Max and Neha get married, thus completing their 600-year-old love story.


Riverdance: The Animated Adventure

Riverdance: The Animated Adventure is a 2021 computer-animated movie.

An Irish boy named Keegan (Sam Hardy) has a death in the family. His friend Moya (Hannah Herman Cortes) takes him to a magical world and teaches him about the Riverdance. Then Keegan saves the magical world from a pirate.

Kevin Courtney of "The Irish Times" said the actors spoke with good Irish accents. But he worried that the movie only shows Irish people living in perfect villages and dancing all the time. He said the movie is sometimes like a Fáilte Ireland tourism advertisement.

Dierdre Molumby of "Entertainment" said this movie is "exhaustingly bad".


List of country musicians from Georgia (U.S. state)

This is a list of famous country musicians from Georgia, USA


The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Billy Currington, Cole Swindell.

Tall tale

Tall tales are stories with elements that make no sense that are told as if they were true. Some tall tales are exaggerations of true events, however. Others can be made up entirely, and set in a setting that makes sense to the reader.
The event is, many times, told in such a way that makes the person telling the story seem to be a part of it. The tone of the story is generally friendly.

Tall tales are seen many times in American folklore. Johnny Appleseed is a tall tale, with a man who travels the American West planting apple trees. There are many more American tall tales of a similar nature, involving real people being exaggerated. However, there are also some made up tall tales, such as the story of Pecos Bill, a story about a made up person that could not possibly be true, even if the exaggeration was taken away. There is also a tall tale about Aylatt C. Buckner, a Native American fighter in colonial Texas.
The Australian frontier also has similar stories to American West tall tales, such as stories about Rod Ansell or Big Bill.

A Man from Wyoming

A Man from Wyoming is a 1930 American World War I romance movie directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Gary Cooper, June Collyer, Morgan Farley, Regis Toomey, Edgar Dearing, Emile Chautard. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins

Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins is a 2000 American direct-to-video movie and is a spin-off of the "Toy Story" movies. It was directed by Tad Stones and starring Tim Allen, Wayne Knight, Stephen Furst, Nicole Sullivan, Patrick Warburton, Sean Hayes, Jim Hanks, Kevin Michael Richardson, Diedrich Bader, Frank Welker, Courteney Cox. It was distributed by the Walt Disney company.

Buzz Lightyear and his friend Warp Darkmatter are sent to rescue extraterrestrial life forms called LGMs (Little Green Men) from the evil emperor Zurg after Zurg kidnapped them and tortured them to figure out how their telepathy worked. Then Zurg kills Warp and Buzz blames himself for not being able to stop Zurg so he starts to feel guilty about that and says that from now on he will always work alone. But Buzz’s boss Commander Nebula wants him to work with others. When Buzz refuses to have an alien princess named Mira as his partner, the LGMs build a robot named X-R to be his new partner. Then a supervillain named Agent Z attacks the LGM planet and destroys X-R. And Agent Z’s boss Zurg steals a machine called The Unimind which gives the LGMs their hive mind.

Without the Unimind, the LGMs are stupid so when they rebuild X-R, he’s a terrible Space Ranger so Buzz tells the janitor Booster to train X-R as a janitor. When Mira says they should send a small mission against Zurg and Buzz agrees Commander Nebula says no. 

X-R and Booster start gambling instead of cleaning and hide in a spaceship so that Buzz doesn’t know. When Mira steals a spaceship to take on Zurg herself, Buzz takes the ship Booster and X-R are hiding in and manages to capture Mira. Then Zurg turns the Unimind into a mind control weapon and enslaves the entire universe except Buzz, Mira, Booster and X-R. Buzz decides to fight Zurg alone instead of taking the others with him since it’s too dangerous but loses to Agent Z who turns out to be Warp Darkmatter who was working for Zurg for his money all along. So Buzz calls Mira, Booster and X-R so they can help him beat Zurg and Warp and they win because “evil never wins” while Zurg runs away. Then Buzz fixes the Unimind and frees anyone he controls.

Commander Nebula tells Buzz he can choose whatever team he wants to find, fight and capture Zurg but Buzz says he already has a team. Mira asks Buzz where they’re going and he tells her “to infinity and beyond”.


Additionally, here is the cast of the characters featured in the opening sequence of the movie:


List of country musicians from Illinois

This is a list of famous country musicians from Illinois, USA.



The following other musicians had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: David Lee Murphy.

Lyndhurst, New Jersey

Lyndhurst is a township in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the township's population was 22,519.

List of country musicians from Alabama

This is a list of famous country musicians that are from Alabama, USA.



In 1927 Jimmie Rodgers and other musicians made recordings in Tennessee; Those recording sessions (the Bristol Sessions) are sometimes called the "birthplace of country music".

Some country musicians moved to Alabama (but did not grow up there), including 


The Trouble with Harry

The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American black comedy movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Jack Trevor Story. It starring Shirley MacLaine (in her movie debut), John Forsythe, Edmund Gwenn, Mildred Natwick, Mildred Dunnock, Jerry Mathers, Parker Fennelly and was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was a box office failure.


List of country musicians from Arizona

This is a list of famous country musicians from Arizona, USA.



The following other musicians had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Dierks Bentley.

Luka Reischl

Luka Reischl (born 10 February 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for 2. Liga club Liefering. He also plays for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League.

He started his career in the youth teams of UFC Altenmarkt, UFC Radstadt and SK Bischofshofen. Then he went on to Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played for the U15, U16 and U18 team. In 2020 he went to FC Liefering. His professional debut for Austrian Second League side Liefering was on 25 September 2020 against Wacker Innsbruck. He came in as a 89th minute for Maurits Kjaergaard. He scored his first professional goal on 20 November 2020 against Kapfenberger SV. 

In January 2022 he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg until 2026.

Life Is Sweet (movie)

Life Is Sweet is a 1990 British comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Leigh and starring Alison Steadman, Jim Broadbent, Jane Horrocks, Claire Skinner, Timothy Spall, Stephen Rea, Glyn Owen, David Thewlis, Moya Brady. It was distributed by Palace Pictures.


Summary execution

A summary execution is when a person is accused of a crime, and killed immediately, without a full and fair trial. Very often, summary executions happen in wartime. Under international law, a person is able to surrender. People who have surrendered may not be killed using summary execution. Killing a person who has surrendered is also seen as summary execution, and usually treated like murder and a war crime.

In nearly all civilian jurisdictions, summary execution is illegal, as it violates the right of the accused to a fair trial. Almost all constitutions or legal systems based on common law have prohibited execution without the decision and sentence of a competent judge, and the UN's International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) has declared the same:

In practice, though, extrajudicial killings have been performed by police and domestic forces in various countries and times, sometimes under martial law. It is also performed by armed bands fighting against governments and common citizens.


Plectrohyla glandulosa

The forest spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla glandulosa") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. It lives in forests with pine and cypress trees. Scientists have found the frog living between above sea level.

PFA Players' Player of the Year

The PFA Players' Player of the Year is an annual award that is decided by the votes of the other players.

The award was first given out in 1974, to Norman Hunter of Leeds. The most recent winner is Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City.

Docker

Docker can refer to different concepts:


Rowlf the Dog

Rowlf the Dog is a puppet dog. He is one of the Muppets created by Jim Henson. He has been in many of the Muppet television shows and movies. For example, Rowlf was is in "The Muppet Show" (1976-81), "The Muppet Movie", "The Muppets Take Manhattan" (1984), "Muppet Treasure Island" (1996), "The Muppets" (2011), "Muppets Most Wanted" (2014) and both the old and new versions of the "Muppet Babies" television show.

Rowlf plays piano very well.

Ek Villain

Ek Villain: There's One in Every Love Story (also known as simply just Ek Villain) is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Shobha Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor under Balaji Motion Pictures. Based on a script written by Tushar Hiranandani and Milap Milan Zaveri, it stars Riteish Deshmukh, Sidharth Malhotra, Shraddha Kapoor, Kamaal Rashid Khan, and Aamna Sharif. The film tells about a ruthless criminal who is going on a killing spree, when his terminally ill wife is murdered by a sadistic serial killer.

This marked the first time Deshmukh portraying a negative role. It was released worldwide on 27 June 2014 and received positive reviews from critics, garnering praise for the theme, direction, screenplay and performances. Made on a budget of million, the film became a major box-office success with earnings of over billion domestically and a worldwide gross of billion. The song "Galliyan", "Zaroorat", "Hamdard" declared chartbusters of its realised.

Malhotra and Deshmukh later reunited for the 2019 masala actioner "Marjaavaan", in which Deshmukh's entry as the antagonist was accompanied by him singing the award-winning song "Galliyan" from the "Ek Villain" soundtrack. A sequel, "Ek Villain Returns", starring Arjun Kapoor and John Abraham as replacements in the male leads, along with Disha Patani and Tara Sutaria as the female leads was released on July 8, 2022.

A young woman Aisha Verma, tries to leave behind a message for her husband, Guru Divekar, who calls her, but the call is disrupted when a masked man enters Aisha's house and kills her by throwing her off the window. At her funeral, CBI officer Aditya Rathore points out that it is vital to track down the murderer or else Guru will go on a killing spree. 

Flashback: Guru was a ruthless hitman working for mob boss Caeser, who raised and trained him so that Guru could have a chance to murder the goons who killed his parents. Guru is arrested for killing Debu, but is bailed, as Debu's mother refuses to testify against him. She warns Guru that she did not testify because one day, God will make him pay for his crimes, and he will also lose a loved one. 

Guru meets and falls for Aisha, an optimistic girl dying from a terminal illness. They get married and Guru leaves behind his old life and gets a job while Aisha receives treatment in Mumbai and recovers. She discovers she is pregnant and decides to tell Guru in person when he returns from his interview, but is murdered before she can. 

Present: Rakesh Mahadkar is an unsuccessful man who is constantly insulted and ridiculed by his wife Sulochana for his shortcomings, yet he loves her. He vents out his frustration by murdering other women who speak rudely to him, and Aisha turns out to be one of them. Guru hunts down Rakesh and brutally beats him, then admits him to a hospital and pays for the expenses, intending to punish him by repeatedly bringing him to the brink of death, saving him, then doing it over again. 

At the hospital, Guru learns that Aisha was pregnant, which breaks him even more. While assaulting a nurse, Rakesh is again intercepted by Guru, who kills him, then revives him with an injection. The police discovers Rakesh's murders and takes Sulochana in for questioning. Rakesh realizes that Guru is Aisha's husband and is seeking vengeance. Upon the suggestion of his friend Brijesh, He taunts Guru over the phone before killing Aisha's father. 

Rakesh expects Guru to kill him so that he can die as a "Hero" in the eyes of Sulochana and everyone else while Guru will be tarnished. However, Caesar calls Guru and says that he has killed Sulochana to avenge Aisha for Guru, and left Rakesh's little son Manish for Guru to kill. 

Enraged, Rakesh fiercely fights Guru and tackles him off the building. He defeats Guru in the battle, stabs him with a screw driver and takes up a boulder to kill him, but a car hits him and Rakesh putatively dies from his injuries. Guru adopts Manish instead of killing him and completes the remaining wishes on Aisha's bucket list.


Late Latin

Late Latin is a form of Latin that was written between Classical Latin and Medieval Latin. Scholars do not agree on the exact dates, but it was used from about the 3rd century to the 6th or 7th century CE. There are no exact dates for when Late Latin replaced Classical Latin or when it was replaced by Medieval Latin.

Late Latin is a written language, which is also different from Vulgar Latin, which was a spoken language. Late Latin was used and taught by the Church Fathers, who also used it for their theological writings.

Cultural determinism

Cultural determinism is an idea from sociology (the study of how humans act in groups) and anthropology (the study of humans).

Cultural determinism is the thought that how people think and act is greatly shaped by the culture they grow up in. A culture is the common history and ways of life within a group of people.

Cultural determinism is on a spectrum – it is possible to agree with cultural determination a lot, a little, or not at all. If someone is "strongly" culturally deterministic, they believe that a person is mainly controlled by their culture. If someone is "weakly" culturally deterministic, they believe that a person is barely controlled by their culture. Many cultural anthropologists use theories that have varying levels of cultural determinism within them. 

An idea related to cultural determinism is . Biological determinism is an idea that the way humans think and act is controlled by their bodies. A common saying is "Nature vs. Nurture." Cultural determinism would be the "Nurture," and biological determinism would be the "Nature." However, anthropologists believe that both culture and biology control the way humans think and act.

Franz Boas (1858 – 1942) was a German-American anthropologist. He is considered the "Father of American Anthropology." He is also considered a founder of both cultural determinism and cultural relativism - the idea that anthropologists should study all cultures equally. His work, "The Mind of Primitive Man" used cultural determinism and cultural relativism to argue against eugenics.

Margaret Mead (1901 – 1978) was an American who taught at Columbia University. She was educated under Franz Boas and Ruth Benedict. Mead’s book, "", is an example of cultural determinism. 

Clifford Geertz (1926 – 2006) was an American symbolic anthropologist who taught at the University of Chicago. Geertz was influenced by sociologist Talcott Parsons. His book, "The Interpretation of Cultures" (1973), looks at cultural determinism.



UEFA Youth League

The UEFA Youth League is a club football competition. It is organized by Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) since 2013. In the competition the youth teams of the clubs in the UEFA Champions League group stage and the youth champions of the best-ranked national associations are playing.

The semi-finals and final matches are played at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland. The winners takes the Lennart Johansson Trophy, named after the former UEFA president.

The 2020–21 season was stopped due to COVID 19 pandemic in Europe.

Boudoir (Amisani)

Boudoir (also known as La Toeletta) is a 20th-century painting. It measures 18x24 centimeters, in oils. It is by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, done in 1918. It is in the collection of Museum Galleria d'Arte Moderna of Milan (inventory number 1958).

The work shows a lady from behind, looking in the mirror of her boudoir. The method is: "gelatina bromuro d'argento/carta", so it is not a traditional painting, but a bromide print.


Mopti bus massacre

A massacre occurred on December 3, 2021, in Mopti Region in central Mali. A group of unknown insurgents shot at a bus and set it on fire, killing 31 civilians. Most of the victims were women travelling from the town of Songo-Doubacore to a market in the town of Bandiagara.

The mayor of the closest town, Bankass, said that the gunmen shot the tires on the bus before going on to shoot the civilians to death. After the crime scene was visited by state security officers, they found 25 burnt bodies in the vehicle's trunk.

The massacre happened on the same day that Islamist rebels attacked a group in the region, killing two UN peacekeepers. The attacks were part of a bigger campaign by jihadists in West Africa.

Mali's president, Assimi Goïta, ordered all people in Mali to fly the country's flags at half-mast from Sunday to Tuesday, during which Mali would hold three national days of mourning.

No quarter

In an armed conflict, the loser has the possibility to surrender to the winner (or to give up). This usually means that the person will be made a prisoner of war, and that there will be a trial, to determine whether the person is guilty of one of the crimes of war. There's also the promise, that the person who surrenders will be left alive. Certain parts of the military were known for not allowing ennemy fighters to surrender; this was known as no quarter. The Hague Convention of 1899 made this practice illegal, and a war crime. Since then, the practice has become part of customary international law. This means it is also binding for parties who did not sign the Hague Convention.

Dwight Yoakam

Dwight Yoakam is an American singer and songwriter. In 1986
he had his first number one song on a Canadian country music chart. In 1988 he had first number one song on Hot Country Songs.

He was born on October 23, 1956 in Pikeville, Kentucky.





Lady with black hat (Amisani)

Lady with black hat (also known as Signora con cappello nero) is a 19th-century painted, in oil by the italian noble painter Giuseppe Amisani, made in 1913 his part of the official collection of Metropolitan City of Milan.

Small oil painting by Giuseppe Amisani, depicting a half-length woman, with the profile facing left: she is wearing a large black hat and a black dress with a white shirt.



I Walk Alone

I Walk Alone is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Byron Haskin and was based on the play "Beggars Are Coming to Town" by Theodore Reeves. It stars Burt Lancaster, Lizabeth Scott, Wendell Corey, Kirk Douglas, Marc Lawrence, Kristie Miller and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The 2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was the first tournament of the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, after the previous Under-18 competition was changed. The tournament was held in Norway, between 21 July and 28 July 2002. The top three teams from each group qualified for the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. Players born on or after 1 January 1983 were available to participate in this competition.

The final tournament took place in seven venues located in seven cities — Bærum, Drammen, Hønefoss, Kongsvinger, Lillestrøm, Moss and Oslo. The winners were Spain, who beat Germany to secure their fourth title, and the top scorer was Fernando Torres, with four goals. This edition is also notable for Nelly Viennot becoming the first female official who took part in an UEFA-organised men's football event, after acting as assistant referee at Norway's 1–5 defeat of Slovakia on 21 July 2002.

The qualification format consisted of two rounds. In the preliminary round, which took place between August and November 2001, 50 national teams were drawn into 14 groups (six groups of three teams and eight groups of four teams) contested as round-robin mini-tournaments hosted by one of the group teams. The group winners then progressed to the intermediary round, where they were paired and played two-legged ties between March and May 2002. The winners secured qualification for the final tournament, joining Norway who qualified automatically as hosts.

The following eight teams qualified to the final tournament:

The final tournament was held in seven stadiums located in seven Norwegian cities.

UEFA named six referees for the final tournament:








The six best performing teams qualified for the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship:


Nima Rahizadeh

Nima Rahizadeh (born 28 August 2001) is an Iranian basketball player.


Don't Make Waves

Don't Make Waves is a 1967 American romantic comedy movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick and was based on the 1959 novel "Muscle Beach" by Ira Wallach. It stars Tony Curtis, Sharon Tate, Robert Webber, Joanna Barnes, David Draper, Claudia Cardinale, Sarah Selby, Julie Payne, Chester Yorton and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Miranda (1948 movie)

Miranda is a 1948 British romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Ken Annakin and was based on the play of the same name by Peter Blackmore. It stars Glynis Johns, Griffith Jones, John McCallum, Googie Withers, Margaret Rutherford, David Tomlinson, Yvonne Owen, Maurice Denham, Zena Marshall and was followed up in 1954 by "Mad About Men".


2022 FIFA World Cup broadcasters

2022 FIFA World Cup is a football tournament that is going to take place in November and December 2022. The tournament will be broadcast all over the world. FIFA, sold the broadcasting rights for the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Ronnie Dunn

Ronald Gene Dunn (born June 1, 1953) is an American musician. He was born in Coleman, Texas. He is a member of the duo Brooks & Dunn. In 2011 he had a "top 10" song on Hot Country Songs music chart.


Don, Nord

Don is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2018, 1,312 people lived in the commune.


Daouda Guindo

Daouda Guindo (born 14 October 2002) is a Malian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Red Bull Salzburg.

Guindo started his career with Guidars FC in Mali. In January 2021 Guindo signed with Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg together with his clubmates Nene Dorgeles and Mamady Diambou. He was loaned to Salzburg's feeder club FC Liefering. He made his debut on 12 February 2021 versus Austria Lustenau. He also played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. His first match in was on 25th September 2021 when he came in in min. 92 for Andreas Ulmer versus Wolfsberger AC. 

In July 2022 he was loaned to FC St. Gallen in the Swiss Super League.


Jonas Krumrey

Jonas Krumrey (born 25 November 2003) is a German professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for 2. Liga club Liefering.

His career began with TSV 1860 Rosenheim and FC Bayern München. In 2017 he went on to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. Then he became 3rd goalkeeper of FC Liefering behind Daniel Antosch and Adam Stejskal. In the 2021-22 season he is the 2nd goalkeeper of Liefering. 

His debut for FC Liefering was on August 13, 2021. He played versus SKU Amstettenas part of the Starting XI.

Lukas Ibertsberger

Lukas Ibertsberger (born 6 August 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a right-back for Bundesliga club Wolfsberger AC on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg. 
Ibertsberger began his career at SV Seekirchen. In February 2014 he moved to FC Liefering youth team.2015/16 season he moved on to the youth team of the FC Red Bull Salzburg. There he went through all age groups of the academy 
. In January 2021 he was promoted to FC Liefering. He debuted in the 2nd division in September 2021. He came in for Benjamin Böckle in the 64th minute against FC Dornbirn. In April 2023 he was in the Salzburg squad for the first time against SK Sturm Graz. For the 2023/24 season he went to Wolfsberger AC on loan.

Ibertsberger played for an Austrian under-16 national team for the first time in September 2018. In September 2019 he made two matches in the U-17 team in an international doubles match against Switzerland. In June 2021b he played against Italy bfor the U-18 team.He made his U-21 debut against Turkey in November 2022.
He is the son of Robert Ibertsberger and nephew of Andreas Ibertsberger. Both were playing for the Austrian national football team.

Benjamin Atiabou

Benjamin Atiabou (born 19 January 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a right-back for 2. Liga club Liefering, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg. 
He also plays for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with the youth teams of SAK 1914, FC Liefering and FC Red Bull Salzburg. In 2018 he came to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy, where he played in all three youth-ranks. 2021 he went on to FC Liefering.

Shiva Baby

Shiva Baby is an American movie made by Emma Seligman. The main character Danielle is played by Rachel Sennott. It was shown at film festivals in 2020, and in movie theaters in 2021. It was delayed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Molly Gordon plays Maya, Danny Deferrari plays Max, Polly Draper plays Danielle's mom Debbie, Fred Melamed plays Danielle's dad Joel, and Dianna Agron plays Max's wife Kim.

Danielle has sex with Max in exchange for money, then goes to a Jewish funeral observance with her parents, Joel and Debbie. Debbie tells her to behave inside. Neighbors who are also at the funeral compare Danielle to Maya, who was Danielle's girlfriend in high school, and who is going to law school. Max also knows Danielle's parents and goes to the funeral. Debbie tells Danielle that Max is married, shocking her.

Kim, who is Max's wife, also arrives. She has brought their baby. Danielle has to go to the bathroom to change after accidentally ripping her tights. In the bathroom mirror she takes a topless photo to send to Max, but she leaves her phone in the bathroom. She tries to avoid Max and his family, helping out around the house. Maya tries to go with her and notices Danielle staring at Max, but Maya thinks Danielle is staring at Kim, and asks her about it. Danielle doesn't want to say Kim is pretty and successful.

Danielle then talks to Kim, who tries to give Danielle a job, but Danielle is rude to Kim. Danielle's parents then talk to Kim, revealing to Danielle that Kim makes the money in their family and gives Max the money to pay Danielle without knowing about it. Kim sees Danielle wearing the same bracelet that Max gave to her, and suspects something is out of place. Max then spills coffee on Danielle while trying to hide the topless photos from Kim, and Danielle goes to clean up with Debbie, who comforts her. Maya and Danielle then go to the kitchen, because Maya wants to talk about their relationship, but Max interrupts. Maya loudly talks about their relationship. Danielle follows Max to the bathroom and tries to give him a blowjob, but he leaves. Danielle goes outside, and argues with Maya before they kiss.

Maya then finds Danielle's phone in the bathroom, and sees messages about having sex with people, which upsets her. Maya tells Danielle she has seen the phone but won't tell her where. Danielle sees Kim again, talking with her parents and other people. Danielle hints to Kim that Max is cheating, and Kim asks Danielle if she is dating anyone. Joel gets the people around Danielle to sing an old lullaby to her to comfort her about being single. Danielle is stressed out and imagines Kim singing along.

Danielle and Max decide to stop having sex, and Kim walks in to tell Max they need to go home. Danielle also wants to go home and tries to find her parents. Kim goes to find Danielle to give her back her phone. Kim asks Danielle to hold her baby so she can feed her, but Danielle doesn't want to. Max starts arguing with Kim about the baby, accidentally pushing Danielle into a vase. Danielle starts crying on the floor, and Debbie gets everyone to leave. They all get in Joel's van even though there isn't much room, and Maya and Danielle hold hands and smile.

"Source":

Sukhoi Su-2

The Sukhoi Su-2 was a Soviet reconnaissance and light bomber aircraft used in the early stages of World War II.In 1936 Joseph Stalin wanted a multipurpose combat aircraft. Codenamed Ivanov, it had to be capable of performing reconnaissance and then attacking the targets it found. 

Pavel Sukhoi was designed aircraft under the tutelage of Andrei Tupolev. The resulting ANT-51 flew on 25 August 1937. It reached 403 km/h (220 kn, 250 mph) at 4,700 m (15,420 ft). This was considered insufficient but it was decided to re-test it with a more powerful engine. and was accepted into production as BB-1. In 1940, the aircraft engine was replaced and was renamed Su-2 .Although 910 Su-2s were built by the time production stopped in 1942, the aircraft was obsolete and underarmed by the start of the Great Patriotic War. However, due to a critical shortage of aircraft in early World War II, some Su-2s were used as emergency fighters.

Watertown Airport

Watertown Airport may refer to:


Kid Krrish

Kid Krrish is an Indian animated television film series produced by Toonz Animation, Film Kraft Productions, and Turner International India. The first film of the series, "Kid Krrish", was released on 2 October 2013 and it is also a part of the Kid Krrish film series, which itself is part of the "Krrish" franchise, with its three sequels: "Kid Krrish: Mission Bhutan", "Kid Krrish: Mystery in Mongolia" and "".

"Kid Krrish" was planned as the first movie in the four part series of "Kid Krrish" films as a part of "Krrish" franchise.


"Kid Krrish" got mostly good reviews.

The "Financial Express" gave "Kid Krrish" as an example of how children's television in India is getting better. They said "Kid Krrish" was the first big time that children's TV makers in India moved away from mythology and told stories like Bollywood instead.

Repression (Bardi)

Repression (also known as Repressione) was painted in oil (115x141 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1966, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo del Novecento in Milan since 1966.

The painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Magic realism, it is a work of social denunciation of the human condition. The work analyzes the exploitation of man, through iconography Bardi configures the protagonists who dominate society and the world, a feudal, pre-Enlightenment world, derided by laws and customs that are ironic when not ferocious of "repression". Which still survives in a predatory way hiding behind the tempting masks of hypocrisy. Mario Bardi's message rings alive and legitimate, innervating his painting.




Plectrohyla matudai

Matuda's spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla matudai") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Guatemala, and Honduras. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests in Mexico between 700 and 2300 meters above sea level, in pine-oak forests in Guatemala, and in pine-oak forests in Honduras at 1370 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 31.5 to 46.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 36.0 to 49.0 cm long. Frogs that live in the west are larger than frogs that live in the east. For a frog, this animal has short back legs. This frog is light brown in color with dark brown or black spots. Most of these frogs have dark stripes under their eyes and above their mouths.

Tadpoles live in streams where the water moves fast. They grab onto large rocks.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but it is still in some danger. This is because human beings change the places it lives into farms or towns. Human beings also cut down the forests for lumber. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can also make this frog sick. However, adult "P. madudai" frogs do not die from chytrid disease as much as other frogs do.

This frog is named after Dr. Eizi Matuda. He was born in Japan in 1894. He moved to Mexico in 1922 and became head of botany at Mexico's National Institute of Forestry.

A2 CZ Ellipse Spirit

The A2 CZ Ellipse Spirit is an ultralight aircraft made by A2 CZ in the Czech Republic. It was introduced at the 2011 air show and is still in production.

It's engine is a Rotax 912.

Antarctic University (Garau)

Antarctic University (also known as Università Antartica ) is a paintin in oil (115x141 centimetres) by the italian painter Salvatore Garau, created in 2003, it has been part of the collection of the Museo del Novecento in Milan on public loan from the MAN Museum (Art Museum of the province of Nuoro).



Episode (Bardi)

Episode (also known as Episodio) was painted in oil (120x140 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1966, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo civico di Castelbuono (Palermo) in the department of the Modern and Contemporary Art Gallery.

The painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Realism, the painting the "Episode" represents the battle between Garibaldi and Bourbon, during the famous Battle of the Volturnus 0f 1860, considered one of the most important battles of the "Italian Risorgimento" for the Italian unification.

"Bardi represents the battle with a warm color and excited forms to give drama to the characters, pushed to the limit of their verisimilitude to become an emblem of the spirit of struggle and rebellion of Sicily".




Sicilian landscape (Bardi)

Sicilian landscape (also known as Paesaggio Siciliano) was painted in oil (50x70 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1970, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo civico di Bagheria (Palermo).

In the painting "Sicilian landscape" by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Magic Realism, as in many of his landscapes from this period, "color hints at perspectives and depth, revealing the anguish of a Sicily tormented by events and calamities.".

Bardi is in the representation of Baroque Sicily, of its domes overloaded with decorations and yet so light as to be able to hover in the air, of the goose-breasted balconies or the palaces of the historic center that the memory of Bardi becomes more intense, surreal and almost hypnotic . The scarlet red skies attract the eye that never tires of discovering on small canvases overlaps of baroque architecture, spirals and twisted columns, sharp geometric surfaces or sweet curves, hatched with the skilful hand of the engineer-artist.




The dockers (Bardi)

The dockers (also known as I Portuali) is an oil painting by the Italian painter Mario Bardi. It is . It was created in 1963. It is part of the permanent collection of the Contemporary Civic Gallery of Suzzara (Mantova).

The work "I Portuali" won the Suzzara Prize in 1963.

The painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Existential realism, the painting the "The Dockers" represents "the two figures are motionless; even one of them has part of the head that remains outside the painting to underline its depersonalization. The port that instead has the face totally represented presents isiognomic features outlined with rapid but intense brushstrokes that emphasize the sharp profile and the gaze lost in the void. The composition is divided into squared and clear masses mindful of constructivism; as are the chromatic tones used which remain as regards the two characters close to the light tones of white and pink; while I push the setting into an indistinct atmosphere with dark tones. The brushstroke is generally large with a homogeneous color; the artist creates the chiaroscuro transitions through different overlapping layers of color.".




Suzzara Prize

The Suzzara prize is an artistic competition that was held in the city of Suzzara in Mantova province from 1948 to 1976 and again starting since 1989.

It was commissioned by the mayor of Suzzara, Tebe Mignoni. It was born thanks to Dino Villani, with the contribution of Cesare Zavattini and the support of Stefano Cairola; it was inaugurated on 22 August 1948. Villani and Zavattini thought of the competition as a symbolic exchange between cultural work and peasant work: the winning artists received products of the earth and in exchange they gave their works to the municipal collection. The intent of the promoters of the award was to encourage the encounter between the people and the artists, the latter often perceived as unattainable and unrelated to the daily feeling of ordinary people. Consequently, the jury, alongside authoritative figures (such as Orio Vergani, Alfonso Gatto, Raffaele Carrieri and Raffaele De Grada "junior "), provided for the presence of a worker, an employee and a farmer.

The prize was attended by artists such as Carlo Carrà, Mario Bardi (winner in 1963), Emilio Vedova, Enrico Baj, Renato Guttuso, Domenico Cantatore, Renato Birolli, Pio Semeghini, Arturo Tosi, Ottone Rosai, Bruno Rovesti, Aligi Sassu , Ernesto Treccani, Silvano Girardello, Angelo Ferreri. When the season of neorealism was over, the prize was interrupted. Only in the year 1989 the Suzzara prize was re-proposed with its XXIX edition.

Over time, the municipality of Suzzara acquired a considerable artistic heritage, in particular of realist art and neorealist: in 1974 to exhibit the collection the municipality he created the "Civic Gallery of Contemporary Art", later renamed Galleria del Premio Suzzara.



East Thrace

East Thrace is the European part of Turkey and belongs to the Balkans Peninsula. Edirne and the European side of Istanbul are the main cities of the region, which borders Bulgaria and Greece. The Bosporus Strait divided it into Europan and Asian parts. Mahya Dağı, the highest peak of the Strandzha Massif; Gallipoli; the Dardanelles; the Sea of Marmara are the most well-known places in East Thrace, which connects to the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea. Most inhabitants are Romanlar (Turkish Gypsiess) and the Turkish people, like the Amuca tribe, Gajal and Peoples of Balkan in Turkey, like Pomak, the Patriyotlar. Also, a major diaspora of Crimean Tatars lives here. Oil wrestling is the main sport.

Métamorphose (Bardi)

Métamorphose (also known as Metamorfosi. Deformazione meccanica di un fiore) was painted in oil (80x100 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1988, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo MAGA in Gallarate.

In the painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Magic Realism "in the foreground at the top there is a large rose seen from the front and rendered metallic by an unnatural gray color. Below a mechanical instrument is pointed towards the observer. Color is tonal; cold (gray); nuanced. The drafting is sotiile; smooth."



Yana Tyshchenko

Yana Tyshchenko (Russian: Яна Тыщенко born 1 August 2000) is a Russian professional bicycle road racer. She is a specialist in track events.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Champions League, 2021 UCI Track Cycling Nations’ Cup, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Eukene Larrarte

Eukene Larrarte Arteaga (born September 13, 1998 in Tolosa, Spain) is a Spanish professional bicycle road racer.

She initially played football, but then decided to compete in cycling and joined the local team "Gipuzkoa Ogi Berri." 

In 2016, Larrarte won her first Spanish championship title, when she won the team pursuit together with Ane Iriarte, Ziortza Isasi and Irene Usabiaga. In 2017 she became champion in team cycling (with Leire Olaberria),in 2018 and 2019 with Tania Calvo. In addition, she became 2019 Spanish champion in the Omnium. At the 2020 European Track Championships, she finished fourth, with Iriarte, Isasi, Usabiaga.

At the 2021 UCI Track Cycling Nations' Cup, she achieved her first international success when she finished third in the elimination race.

Sien Diels

Sien Diels (1 August 1947- 17 October 2021) was a Flemish actress, best known for her 36 years of collaboration on the Dutch children's programme Sesame Street.

Diels graduated from the Royal Conservatory of Brussels. She started her career at the Mechels Miniatuur Teater. Later she was active as a freelance actress, including with the Theater Malpertuis company. In addition, she became a teacher at the Academy of Ninove and then at the Conservatory of Mechelen, until her retirement in 2010. 

In 1975 she made the switch to television and worked on the youth series Tim. From 1976 to 2012, she was one of the regular characters in Sesame Street. 

In addition, she has appeared in small roles in Thuis (2003), Witse (2004), F.C. De Kampioenen (2001), Sedes & Belli (2002-2003), Flikken (2008) and Spoed (2006). She was also a regular member of the jury of the Mini-playbackshow from 1987 to 1990.

Portrait of Catherine (Amisani)

Portrait of Catherine Amisani (also known as Caterina) is a 1920 oil painting by the Italian painter Giuseppe Amisani. It measures . It is in the Uffizi Gallery in Palazzo Pitti (inventory number 00652421).




2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1983 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 21 July 2002 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head Coach : Josef Krejča

Head couch : Bjørn Hansen

Head Coach : Peter Polák

Head Coach : Iñaki Sáez

Head Coach : Marc Van Geersom

Head Coach: Martin Hunter

Head Coach: Uli Stielike

Head Coach : Brian Kerr

2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1984 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 16 July 2003 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Paolo Berrettini

Head Coach : Ralf Loose

Head coach: Egil Olsen

Head coach: Carlos Alberto Lopes Dinis

Head Coach : Paul Gludovatz

Head Coach : Michal Bílek

Head coach: Stuart Baxter

Head Coach : René Girard

2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1985 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 13 July 2004 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Marc Van Geersom

Head coach: Paolo Berrettini

Head coach: Pierre-André Schürmann

Head coach: Pavlo Yakovenko

Head coach: Dieter Eilts

Head coach: Andrzej Zamilski

Head coach: José Armando Ufarte

Head coach: Gündüz Tekin Onay

Mark Wills

Mark Wills is an American country singer. In 1999 he had his first number one song on Hot Country Songs music chart.

He was born on August 8, 1973 in Blue Ridge, Georgia.


"I Do (Cherish You)" (1998)

Bruce Hornsby

Bruce Hornsby is an American singer and songwriter. In 1986 "Bruce Hornsby and the Range" had a number one song on music charts in the United States, Canada and the Netherlands.

Hornsby was born on November 23, 1954 in Williamsburg, Virginia.

Attempted assassination of the Mayor of Shiraoi

On 8 March 1974, a 22-year-old ethnically Japanese man called Yagi Tatsumi tried to kill the mayor of Shiraoi, Hokkaido, Asari Giichi (浅利義市) in the mayor's office, managing to stab him in the neck. According to Tatsumi, the murder attempt was done to protest what he considered to be the mistreatment of the indigenous Ainu people of Hokkaido. The incident occured amidst a larger of anti-Japanese terrorist attacks performed by pro-Ainu organizations like the East Asia Anti-Japan Armed Front.

Giichi survived the attempt, and Tsatsumi was stopped. However, far-left violence in Japan failed to cease. A similarly-intentioned arson attack in the September of that same year in Shiraoi.

List of country musicians from Florida

This is a list of famous country musicians from Florida, USA.



The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Jake Owen, Michael Ray, Chase Rice.

Sandy Iannella

Sandy Iannella (born 6 April 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Sassuolo. She used to play for Livorno and Torres.

Iannella was released by Cuneo. She then joined Sassuolo on 7 August.

She played on the women's u19 national team and the senior national team.


Laurie Carter

Laurie A. Carter is president of Lawrence University. Before becoming president of Lawrence in 2021, she was president of Shippensburg University. 

Ms. Carter graduated from Clarion State College (now Clarion University) in 1984. She majored in communications. She got a Master of Arts degree in communications from William Paterson College in 1987. In 1993, she earned her Doctor of Law degree at Rutgers University. 

2022 FIFA World Cup qualification

The 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification is the qualifying tournament that decides 31 out of the 32 teams that will play in the 2022 FIFA World Cup, with the hosts who qualified automatically, Qatar.

Different tournaments were held by each of FIFA's six confederations. The qualifiers started on 6 June 2019 and is planned to end in June 2022. The qualifiers has had many delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The opening two rounds was also qualification for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. That means, Qatar, only plays in the first two rounds of qualifying.

The qualification format is:

The qualification format is:



The qualification format is:


The qualification format is:

All ten CONMEBOL teams will play in a league of home-and-away round-robin matches. The top four teams qualify for the World Cup, and the fifth-placed team advances to the inter-confederation play-offs.

The qualification format is:


The qualification format is:

There will be two inter-confederation play-offs to determine the final two qualification spots for the World Cup. They are scheduled to be played in Qatar on 13–14 June 2022.

Below are goalscorer lists for each confederations and the inter-confederation play-offs:

Sámuel Major

Sámuel Major (born 9 January 2002) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kozármisleny.

Major started his career with Debreceni VSC. 2017 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played for the U15, U16 and U18. In 2020 he went on to FC Liefering. In January 2022 he was transfered to the Austrian Bundesliga club FC Admira Wacker Mödling.

He was part of the Hungarian U-17 team at the 2019 UEFA European Under-17 Championship and 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

FC Liefering

"Runner-up"

FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy

2021–22 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2021–22 UEFA Champions League group stage began on 14 September 2021 and ended on 9 December 2021. A total of 32 teams played in the group stage to decide the 16 spots in the knockout phase of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League.

Sheriff Tiraspol made their first appearance in the group stage. They were also the first team from Moldova to play in the Champions League group stage.

The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2021, 18:00 CEST (19:00 TRT), in Istanbul, Turkey. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four. The teams were seeded into four pots, with eight teams in each, based on:
Teams from the same association, and due to political reasons, teams from Ukraine and Russia, could not be drawn into the same group. The following pairings were announced by UEFA after the group stage teams were confirmed:

On each matchday, one set of four groups played their matches on Tuesday, while the other set of four groups played their matches on Wednesday, with the two sets of groups alternating between each matchday. The fixtures were decided after the draw, using a computer draw not shown to public. Each team would not play more than two home matches or two away matches in a row, and would play one home match and one away match on the first and last matchdays (Regulations Article 16.02). This arrangement was different from previous seasons, where the same two teams would play at home on the first and last matchdays.

Below are the participating teams (with their 2021 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They include:

Notes

In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The top two teams of each group advanced to the round of 16. The third-placed teams were transferred to the Europa League knockout round play-offs, while the fourth-placed teams were eliminated from European competitions for the season.

Teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If two or more teams were tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria were applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (see Article 17 Equality of points – group stage, Regulations of the UEFA Champions League):
Due to the abolition of the away goals rule, head-to-head away goals were no longer applied as a tiebreaker starting from this season. However, total away goals were still applied as a tiebreaker.

The fixtures were announced on 27 August 2021, the day after the draw. The matches were played on 14–15 September, 28–29 September, 19–20 October, 2–3 November, 23–24 November, and 7–8 December 2021. The scheduled kick-off times were 18:45 (two matches on each day) and 21:00 (remaining six matches) CET/CEST.

Times were CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).


Arab Belt

The Arab Belt () was the Syrian Baath government's project of of the north of the Al-Hasakah Governorate to change the demographics of the Kurdish regions of Syria in favor of the Arabs. The process was meant to increase the Arab population in those lands that were once Arab majority, before the Kurdish influx into the region after the collapse of the Ottoman empire in the 1920s.

The regions in the "Arab Belt" are rich in oil deposits and good agricultural land. About 50 to 60 percent of the Syrian petroleum caves are estimated to be located in the district of Al-Malikiyah.

The Baath party came to power in 1963 in Syria and decided in 1965 to build the 350 km long and 10-15 km wide Arabian belt along the Syria–Turkey border. The Belt stretched from the Iraqi border in the east to Ras al-Ayn (Kurdish: "Serê Kaniyê") in the west. After another coup within the Baath party, Hafez al-Assad succeeded in becoming the head of Syria in 1970 and began to act on the plan in 1973. The project's name was officially changed to "Plan for the establishment of state model farms in the Jazira province".

41 Arab villages were built during the project, and all the Kurdish village names of the area were replaced by Arabic names. About 4,000 Arab families from the provinces of Al-Raqqa and Aleppo, where they had previously lost their houses by the construction of the Tabqa dam, were housed in the new villages. These Arabs are named Maghmurin (مغمورين Maġmūrīn, which is affected by flooding). As a result, about of Kurdish cultivated land were taken away and given to the newly settled Arabs. The original plan would also forcibly send about 140,000 Kurds to the southern deserts at Al-Raad. Although the government took away the Kurds' right to live in the area, the Kurds refused to move away and give up their houses. Those Kurds who had been declared foreigners were not allowed to have property, to repair houses, or to build new houses.

The Way of the Dragon

The Way the Dragon is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts action-comedy film written, co-produced and directed by Bruce Lee, who also stars in the lead role. The film co-stars Bruce Lee, Nora Miao, Riccardo Billi (also co-execitive ), Paul Wei, Huang Chung-hsin, Tony Liu, Unicorn Chan, Chuck Norris, Malisa Longo, Robert Wall, Hwang In-shik, Jon T. Benn.
Bruce Lee formed his own production company, A Concord Production, with Golden Harvest founder Raymond Chow, and "The Way of the Dragon" was the company's first film.

Free Inquiry

Free Inquiry is a secular journal founded in 1980. It was founded by philosopher Paul Kurtz. The journal is published in every two months. It covers different topics about secularism and humanism.

Hellbillies

Hellbillies is a rock band from Norway. In 1993, the band got the award Spellemannprisen in the class Country-rock for the album "Pela Stein".



Plectrohyla acanthodes

The thorny spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla acanthodes") is a frog that lives in Mexico and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 2200 and 2250 meters above sea level in Guatemala and between 1700 and 1500 meters above sea level in Mexico.

Ctenochasma

Ctenochasma (meaning "comb jaw") is a genus of Upper Jurassic pterosaur of the suborder Pterodactyloidea. Their fossilized remains have been found in the Solnhofen limestone of Bavaria, Germany, and a couple of other sites laid down in the late Jurassic period.

The teeth were a filter-feeding apparatus: the pterosaurs strained out algae or small invertebrates from stagnant tropical waters, as flamingoes do today. This kind of life is mirrored by another pterosaur genus, "Pterodaustro", which had an active pumping mechanism to push water through its teeth.

List of country musicians from Iowa

This is a list of famous country musicians from Iowa, USA.


The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on a national music chart: Sarah Darling.

The following other musicians have had 4 singles or albums on the "Billboard" country music charts: Shannon Brown.

Silvio Poma

Silvio Poma (Trescore Balneario, 1840 - Turate, 21 October 1932) was an Italian painter.

He participates as a volunteer in the II War of Independence and, later, he embarks on military life, but in 1866 he takes leave of the army after contracting malaria. On his return to Milan he attended the studios of Giovan Battista Lelli and Gerolamo Induno, both painter-soldiers with whom he had come into contact during the military campaign of 1859 . He made his debut at the Fine Arts Exhibition of Brera in 1869, but the first official awards came only in the middle of the following decade: in 1876 he won the Mylius prize of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera with a canvas of historical subject set in a large natural context of romantic taste entitled "Macbeth meets in the Dunscinane wood the massacres that predict his throne"; in 1877 one of his landscapes was purchased at the National Exhibition of Naples by Vittorio Emanuele II. He was buried in the Cimitero Maggiore di Milano, where his remains were later collected in a cell.

The public purchase by King Vittorio Emanuele II for his private collection will give him international fame among the royal families of the era.



Großhabersdorf

Großhabersdorf is a municipality in Fürth, Bavaria, Germany. As of 2006 it had a population of 4,271.



Langenzenn

Langenzenn is a town in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 15 km west of Fürth.
The town is on the river Zenn and has a population of 10.339 people (31. December 2012).

It belongs to Fürth near Nürnberg and is in the Rangau.

Neighbouring Towns:


Wilhermsdorf

Wilhermsdorf is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany. As of 2020 it has a population of 5,479. It is twinned with Feld am See in Austria and Jahnsdorf, also in Germany.

Wilhermsdorf borders


Puschendorf

Puschendorf is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberasbach

Oberasbach is a municipality in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 6 km southwest of Fürth, and 10 km west of Nuremberg (centre).

The local council has 24 members. 
The election in 2014 showed the following results:

Oberasbach is twinned with:



Obermichelbach

Obermichelbach is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Roßtal

Roßtal is a market town in Fürth, Bavaria, Germany. As of 2020 it had a population of 10,127.

Seukendorf

Seukendorf is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Stein, Bavaria

Stein (East Franconian: "Schdah") is a town in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km south of Fürth, and 7 km southwest of Nuremberg (centre).

Stein is in the metropolitan area Nürnberg/Fürth/Erlangen in Middle Franconia, Bavaria and is a part of the district of Fürth. It is next to Nuremberg in the north-west and is on the left bank of the river Rednitz. Neighboring municipalities are Nuremberg, Rohr, Roßtal, Zirndorf and Oberasbach.

Stein is divided into 11 districts: 

Tuchenbach

Tuchenbach is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Tuchenbach is about 20 Kilometer west of Nuremberg. The closest villages are Obermichelbach, Veitsbronn, Puschendorf and the town of Herzogenaurach. The altitude is 345 Meters. The area of Tuchenbach is 6.50 km


Zirndorf

Zirndorf () is a town, which is part of Fürth. It is in northern Bavaria, Germany in the Regierungsbezirk of Middle Franconia.

The following towns and municipalities share borders with Zirndorf; they are listed in clockwise order, starting in the north:



Aichen

Aichen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Aletshausen

Aletshausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Balzhausen

Balzhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Bibertal

Bibertal is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.


Breitenthal

Breitenthal is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany. The Oberrieder Weiher, a in the region Mittelschwaben popular greenbelt recreation area, is in the municipal area of Breitenthal.

Mittelschwaben

Mittelschwaben is a part of the Bavarian administrative region Swabia. It consists of the districts Günzburg, Neu-Ulm, Unterallgäu and the district-free town Memmingen.

The name "Mittelschwaben" was created in the 19th century to tell apart the Bavarian parts of Oberschwaben from the Baden-Württembergian.

in the west (to the Baden-Württembergian Oberschwaben): the river Iller<br>
in the north (to the Donauried): the southern border of the Danube-valley<br>
in the east (to the Stauden, Reischenau and Holzwinkel, the three parts of the Augsburg-Westliche Wälder Nature Park): the rivers Mindel and Flossach<br>
in the south (to the Allgäu): the terminal moraines of the Würm glaciation<br>

Sennacherib

Sennacherib was the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire from 705BC until his death in 681BC. He features in the Hebrew Bible. During his time as king, he destroyed the city of Babylon in 689BC and changed the capital city to Nineveh.

Universal Television

Universal Television LLC (abbreviated as UTV) is an American television production company that is a subsidiary of Universal Studio Group, a division of Comcast's NBCUniversal. It serves as the network television production arm of NBC; a predecessor of the company previously assumed such functions, and a substantial portion of the company's shows air on the network. It was formerly known as Revue Studios, Universal Pictures Television Department, Universal-International Television, Studios USA Television LLC, Universal Network Television, Universal Domestic Television, NBC Universal Television Studio, and Universal Media Studios. Re-established in 2004, both NBC Studios and the original Universal Television are predecessors of the current Universal Television, formerly known as NBC Universal Television Studio and Universal Media Studios.

Happy Tree Friends and Nirvana is the punk holding banner responsible for a majority of the Geffen sound library. As an official part of the Universal Pictures library, they are part of the company's record unit, Universal Music Group.

Power Rangers Super Samurai, The Movie: Clash of the Red Rangers

Power Rangers Super Samurai: Clash of the Red Rangers: The Movie (also known as Power Rangers: Clash of the Red Rangers) is a 2011 american movie that is the movie special of Power Rangers Super Samurai. It was directed by Jonathan Tzachor and written by James W. Bates. It aired on Nick on November 26, 2011 and on DVD on March 7, 2013.

The Samurai Rangers team up with the mysterious RPM Ranger Red to fight off dual threats from Master Xandred's Mooger army and a robotic super villain.


Hacker T. Dog

Hacker T. Dog is a dog puppet who appears on the children’s TV channel CBBC in the United Kingdom..

Eddy Jozefzoon

Eddy Jozefzoon ( 8 December 1937 Ganzee – 3 October 2021 Paramaribo) was a Surinamese politician and adviser. He was politically active in the 1960s and 1970s.

Over the decades, he served as an advisor to Jungle commando leader Ronnie Brunswijk, Vice President Robert Ameerali, President Desi Bouterse and Vice President Ronnie Brunswijk.

Eddy Jozefzoon graduated with a doctorate in philosophy. In the sixties he wrote for the government the program "Logical Thinking". In the run-up to the 1969 elections, he participated in the campaign of the Progressive National Party bloc . 

In the 1980s he was an advisor to Ronnie Brunswijk, the leader of the Jungle Commando. 

On 27 September 2011, together with Jules Wijdenbosch and Errol Alibux, he was appointed adviser to the Bouterse I cabinet. 

Eddy Jozefzoon died on 3 October 2021. 

Marie-Louise Bemelmans

Maria Louise "Marie-Louise" Bemelmans-Videc (9 April 1947 in Brunssum – 29 August 2021 in Leiden) was a Dutch politician and professor. From 8 June 1999 to 7 June 2011, she was a member of the Senate on behalf of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. She was awarded Knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau.

Bemelmans-Videc graduated from Leiden University and Erasmus University Rotterdam. From 1992 to 2011, she was professor of public administration at Radboud University Nijmegen.


Bubesheim

Bubesheim is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Hsu Mei-chu

Hsu Mei-chu (born 1 August 1966) is a Taiwanese professional tennis player.

She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.

She competed at the 1991 Taipei Open.

Burgau

Burgau is a town in Günzburg in Swabia, Bavaria. Burgau is on the river Mindel, and has a population of just under 10,000.


Burtenbach

Burtenbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Deisenhausen

Deisenhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Dürrlauingen

Dürrlauingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ebershausen

Ebershausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ellzee

Ellzee is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Gundremmingen

Gundremmingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Rosa María Flores Buendía

Rosa María Flores Buendía is a Mexican pelotari. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. and 2019 Pan American Games.

During the 1990 Basque Pelota World Championship, the 1994 Basque Pelota World Championship and the 1998 Basque Pelota World Championship she won the gold medal in the frontenis specialty with Miryam Muñoz Cadena. 

In the Basque Pelota World Championship of 2006, she won the bronze medal with Ariana Yolanda Cepeda de la Mora.

Haldenwang

Haldenwang is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ichenhausen

Ichenhausen is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Günz, 9 km south of Günzburg.


Jettingen-Scheppach

Jettingen-Scheppach is a market community in Günzburg "Landkreis" in the Schwaben (Swabia) "Regierungsbezirk" in Bavaria. It is between Ulm and Augsburg. Its population as of 1 December 2005 was 7,044.


Kammeltal

Kammeltal is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kötz

Kötz is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.


Hürben (Krumbach)

Hürben, today the eastern part of Krumbach in Bavarian Swabia, was an independent village before it was in the neighbouring town of Krumbach in the year 1902. The Kammel was in most parts of the border between Krumbach and Hürben.

Krumbad

Krumbad is a traditional spa in Swabia, Germany at the foot of Alps.


Landensberg

Landensberg is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Leipheim

Leipheim is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Danube, west of Günzburg, and northeast of Ulm. The village Riedheim and Weissingen are districts of Leipheim. Since 1993, Leipheim has been twinned with the Hungarian town Fonyód.

Münsterhausen

Münsterhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuburg an der Kammel

Neuburg is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Offingen

Offingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

It has a population of 4,241 residents.

Offingen is in the Donauried between Ulm and Donauwörth on the Danube and Mindel. The Ulm–Augsburg railway line crosses the town.

Sandra Timmerman

Alexandra Lamberta Johanna (Sandra) Timmerman ( 23 March 1964 Enschede – 11 July 2021 Zwolle) was a Dutch singer and theatre performer.

She sang with her family, Gert and Hermien Timmerman. Later they performed as a duo under the name Sandra & Sheila. In 1992 Timmerman posed with her sister for "Playboy."

She focused more on the theatre. In 2007 she won the Concours de la Chanson of the Alliance Française. In 2009 she made her debut with her theatre show "Een Nieuwe Liefde". In 2012, she had one of the leading roles in a German musical "Yva" about the life of Elsa 'Yva' Neuländer.


Rettenbach, Swabia

Rettenbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany. The following Gemarkungen exist: Harthausen, Remshart, Rettenbach.

Röfingen

Röfingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Thannhausen

Thannhausen () is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Mindel, southeast of Günzburg, and west of Augsburg.

Ursberg

Ursberg is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Nearby is Ursberg Abbey, a former Imperial Abbey of the Holy Roman Empire.


Waldstetten, Bavaria

Waldstetten is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Raffaele Casnedi

Raffaele Casnédi (September 26, 1822 – December 29, 1892) was an Italian painter and scenic designer, active mainly in Milan.

He was born to Pietro Casnedi and Angela Spaini. Despite his parent's objections, he attended the Accademia di Brera from 1840 to 1850. There he studied under Sogni and Luigi Sabatelli. In 1852, he won the Mylius prize for the fresco of "The school of Leonardo" painted in a lunette for the Accademia. He interned in Rome, where he befriended the landscape artist Costa. He returned to Milan, and joined the Brera in 1856, and as professor of design in 1860.

He is best known for his frescoes and religious canvases conserved at the churches (in Valmadrera, Besana, Rho, San Pietro in Novara, and Palombara). For example, in the parochial church of Santi Pietro e Paolo in Luino, he painted, among other works, the four evangelists in the spandrels of the dome. In collaboration with Giuseppe Bertini, he painted the curtain or sipario (1861–1863) at the Teatro alla Scala with "The Fables Atellanae". Among the pupils at the Brera of Casnédi (as well as Bertini and Hayez) were the Scapigliatura artists: Pietro Bouvier and Francesco Didioni, and the Divisionists, Angelo Morbelli and Giovanni Sottocornola. Bartolomeo Giuliano was one of his assistants.


Indianapolis metropolitan area

Indianapolis–Carmel–Anderson or Indianapolis metropolitan area is an 11-county metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Indiana, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget. It in Central Indiana, within the American Midwest.

Ali Mabkhout

Ali Ahmed Mabkhout Mohsen Al Hajeri (; born 5 October 1990) is a professional association football player who plays for Al Jazira and the United Arab Emirates national team.

He used to play in the youth system, and played his first game out of the youth system for Al Jazira in 2009.

Mabkhout played in the AFC Champions League for the first time against Al Ittihad on 22 April 2009, after coming on as a substitute. On 19 May 2009, he scored his first Asian Champions League goal in the 49th minute against Esteghlal. The game ended in a 2–2 draw.

In the 2015 AFC Asian Cup quarter-finals, Mabkhout scored the first goal against Japan to make it 1–0 and it was played at Stadium Australia in Sydney. He also scored in the penalty shootout against Japan. UAE ended up winning 5–4 in penalties.

On 10 October 2019, Mabkhout scored a hat-trick against Indonesia in a 5–0 win. He then became the highest goalscorer on the national team.

Al Jazira

United Arab Emirates U23

United Arab Emirates

Individual


Muhammad Talab Hilal

Muhammad Talab Hilal (; ) was a Syrian politician, officer, and government official. He was a cabinet minister in the Ba'athist government of Yusuf Zuayyin and continued to be a cabinet minister in later governments. Before that, he was governor of Hama. Before that, Hilal was the chief of police in al-Hasakah. While he was a chief of police, Hilal wrote a book on Syria's Jazira region (part of Mesopotamia). This book was important for the Syrian government's plan for the "Arab Belt" ethnic cleansing programme in Syrian Kurdistan.

Hilal completed his "National, Political, and Social Study of the Province of Jazira" on 13 November 1963. This book said that the Syrian government should begin the "Arab Belt" programme. Hilal wrote that the government should force Kurdish people who lived near the borders between Syria and Turkey and between Syria and Iraq to move. Then, the government could move Arab people into the area to take their lands. The Arab Belt ethnic cleansing programme began in 1973 and continued until 1976. The government accepted Hilal's plan in 1965. When Hilal's "National, Political, and Social Study of the Province of Jazira" became public in 1968, the Syrian government claimed that these were only Hilal's ideas. The Arab Belt programme did not begin before 1973 because the government had not yet built the . In 1975, after the dam was complete, the government moved 4000 Arabs of the Walda tribe from the valley of the Euphrates into the "Arab Belt" area.

Eran Zahavi

Eran Zahavi (or Zehavi, , ; born 25 July 1987) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a forward for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Tel Aviv, which he also captains.

Zahavi won Israeli Footballer of the Year twice (2013 and 2014), and finished as the top goalscorer of the Israeli Premier League for three seasons in a row (2013–14 29 goals, 2014–15 27 goals and 2015–16 35 goals, all-time league record). In 2016, he broke the Israeli league sixty-year-old record, scoring the most goals in a single season, beating the 1954–55 record. He was named the 2017 Chinese Super League MVP, and broke the league's single-season scoring record in 2019. Zahavi has played for the national team since 2010, earning over 65 caps.

Hapoel Tel Aviv

Maccabi Tel Aviv

PSV Eindhoven



Muslim Roma

Muslim Roma are called Xoraxane (pronunciation: Khorakhane) in Romani language, or commonly known as "Turkish Gypsy" (Turkoyiftoi, Türk Çingene) is a religious Umbrella term for Muslims Roma people groups from the Balkans, Turkey, Northern Cyprus, Crimea and there descendants who live everywhere in different parts of the World. They convert to Sunni Islam at the time of the Sultanate of Rum in Anatolia and Ottoman Empire at the Balkans, to not pay Jizya. Some of them are Bektashi or belong to another Sufism Tarika. Xoraxane Men are all Circumcised, it is a big event for them to celebrate a Sünnet-Party for there sons. 

The word Khorakhane, Xoraxane, Horahane or Korane Roma itself, means "Koranites" (Koran followers) i.e., Muslims, Turks and Turkish Lifestyle in the Romani language, regardless of which country they live in and which subgroup they belong to, or even they speak Turkish language or not. This word was given to them by the Dasikane Roma at the Balkans. Muslim Roma who lost there subgroup knowledge, are named only as Xoraxane Roma. The biggest group are the Romanlar in Turkey. 
In Bulgaria, Greece, Northern Cyprus, Turkey and Romania (Dobruja), many Xoraxane deny there Roma Background, speak only Turkish and have a strong Turkish Identity trough Turkification and Cultural assimilation in Turkish society and declare themselves as Turkish people only, but some speak Xoraxane Romani dialect together, like in Greek Thrace. Muslim Roma have nothing in common with Christian Roma, especially the Turkish speaking Muslim Roma made a big distant to Christian Roma.

Gene flow from Turks into the Xoraxane Roma population at the Ottoman Empire, happend trough the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans. About Paspati in his Book from 1860-1863, he mentioned that Ottoman Turkish Men often married Roma woman. Under the reign of Abdulhamid II, there status was changend and they was named as Buçuk Millet. Also Abdal of Turkey, Dom people and Lom people Genetic influence in the Muslim Roma population, happend in the time of the Ottoman Empire, all three groups of the Lom-Dom-Rom, called Çingeneler (Gypsy) in Turkish. At the end of the 19th century, Orthodox Christian Lom people in Istanbul convert to Islam. The Basketmaker-Roma (Sepecides) group from Saloniki who went to Izmir in 1923, are of Turkish-Greek origin. Genflow from Albanians, Slavs, Greeks and from People of Caucasus and Jats. Some Romani Men share the R1a1 Y-DNA Haplogroup, who show a Brahmin Ancestry., or Jats, because Y-DNA R1a1 are also be found in Jats.

The Egyptians Act 1530 and Egyptian Act of 1554 expelled Roma people from England. 10,000 thousand expelled Roma people went to the Ottoman Empire and became Muslims.
There descendants call themself until today Egyptians.

In the countrys who once belongend to former Yugoslavia many Xoraxane Roma hide there Romani Heritage too, and speak only Albanian language, or one of the several South Slavic languages, few also speak Turkish language.

Under the rule of the Ottoman Empire, the so called "Turkmen Copt", an Ottoman Turkish language speaking Muslim Roma group of 4 clans was settled in the Balkans
Some of this Turkish speaking Muslim Gypsy Men from Bulgaria went to Poland as Guest workers and married Polish Woman and got children with them. This Offsprings called Melezi (Halfblood), a Turkish Loanword in the Romani language dialects of the Muslim Roma for people with mixed Romani blood.

A Group of Nomadic Xoraxane went from Ottoman-Bulgaria to Persia under the reign of Nader Shah and became Shia Muslim. They still live in Iran until today and named "Zargari tribe", and speak there own Romano language, havenly influenced with words from Azerbaijani language and Persian language.

At the Greek War of Independence 1821–1829, Crimean War 1853–1856, Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), Balkan Wars 1912-1913, World War I 1914-1918, and the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, many Xoraxane-Roma together with other Non-Romani Muslims was expelled from Bulgaria and Greece and other parts of the Balkans to settle in Turkey.

At the time of communism in the 1950's from Bulgaria, some Turkish speaking Muslim Roma Groups went to Romania for better Life, and settled in the Dobruja, where allready a Turkish speaking Muslim Gypsy community together with Turks and Tatarians live there since the time of Ottoman Empire.

From Turkey and Ex-Yugoslavia, some People of Muslim Roma Background came to Germany and Austria in the 1960's and 1970's as so called Guest worker, where some of the Romani Men married with German or Austrian Womans and got Children. 

In Crimea live several different Groups of Muslim Roma since the time of the Crimean Khanate, the majority of them speak Crimean Tatar language and take a Crimean Tatars Identity.

Muslim Roma suffer twice from exclusion, through Antiziganism and Islamophobia.

They are different Xoraxane Roma Populatio divided in there First language:
The majority of Muslim Roma lives in:

Waldorf Education

Waldorf education is education based on Rudolf Steiner's conceptions. During his carreer, Rudolf Steiner published a number of works regarding education and pedagogy. There are schools, which use these ideas. The ideas are called Anthroposophy. Rudolf Steiner stated it . These schools started in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. There, they are often an alternative to state-run schools; usually they are private schools. Since the second half of the 20th century, Waldorf education has also spread to other countries.

Concord Production Inc.

Concord Production Inc. (協和電影公司) was a production company founded in 1972 in Hong Kong (british) by Bruce Lee and Raymond Chow. Concord went defunct in 1976. The "Golden Harvest" was in charge of the "distribution".

The company has produced "The Way of the Dragon" (1972), "The Game of Death" (1972) and "Bruce Lee, the Man and the Legend" (1973) with "Golden Harvest", and "Enter the Dragon" (1973) with "Warner Bros.".

Tajik Americans

Tajik Americans are Americans who are from Tajikistan. Most of Tajik Americans are ethnic Tajiks.

Uzbek Americans

Uzbek Americans are the Uzbeks who have moved to the United States or Uzbek immigrants with green cards.

Basgo

Basgo is a town situated on the bank of the Indus river in Leh district, Ladakh, India. It was once an important cultural and political centre and is frequently mentioned in the "Ladakhi Chronicles". It is known for its gompas such as Basgo Monastery and historical ruins.

Daniel Klicnik

Daniel Klicnik (born 31 May 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a right back for 2. Liga club Liefering. He played for the FC Salzburg U19 team in the UEFA Youth League during the 2021–22 season.

He started his career with FC Zeltweg and went on to FC Judenburg. From 2016 to 2018 he played for the SK Sturm Graz Academy, and from 2018 to 2021 for the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In 2021 he moved to FC Liefering.

His debut for Liefering was in October 2021, when he came in for Samuel Major in the 11th round against FC Juniors OÖ. He left Liefering in 2023.

He also played for Austria under-15 and under-16 national teams.

List of country musicians from South Carolina

This is a list of famous country musicians from South Carolina, USA.


Description

A description is giving the characteristics or look of something. People describe things by writing, or by speaking. Description is one of the four Rhetorical modes, the other three are exposition, argumentation, and narration. Definite descriptions is when somebody describes something once, and the description never changes. Some famous mathematicians, for example Bertrand Russell or Gottlob Frege, wrote about definite descriptions.

Plectrohyla ixil

The ixil spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla ixil") is a frog that lives in Mexico and northwestern Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 1175 and 1690 meters above sea level in cloud forests in the Meseta Central (central tableland) in Chiapas.

Sohail Khan

Sohail Khan (born 20 December 1970) is an Indian actor, writer, film director and producer who works predominantly in Hindi cinema. He is the younger brother of actors Salman Khan and Arbaaz Khan. He has an elder sister, Alvira Khan Agnihotri. He produces films under his banner Sohail Khan Productions.

Waltenhausen

Waltenhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenbach, Bavaria

Wiesenbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Winterbach, Bavaria

Winterbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ziemetshausen

Ziemetshausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.


Gino D'Acampo

Gennaro Sheffield "Gino" D'Acampo (born 17 July 1976) is an Italian celebrity chef and TV presenter based in the United Kingdom, best known for his cooking TV shows and cookbooks.

Pompei

Pompei is an Italian city in Campania. About 25,000 people live there.

It is known for the ancient Roman ruins of Pompeii which are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Pompei is twinned with:

Serruria florida

Serruria florida is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae. It lives in South Africa. In English, it is called blushing bride or pride of Franschhoek.

Memphis Depay

Memphis Depay (; born 13 February 1994), also known simply as Memphis, is a Dutch rapper and professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Netherlands national team.

His first professional club was PSV Eindhoven, where, he became an important part of the team, scoring 50 goals in 124 games in all competitions. He was the Eredivisie's top scorer during the 2014–15 season. He scored 22 goals in 30 games, and helped the team win the Eredivisie title. He also won the Dutch Footballer of the Year and "Best Young Player" during the same season. Memphis joined Manchester United in June 2015 for £25 million. He then joined Lyon in January 2017. After four seasons there, he joined Barcelona in 2021 on a free transfer.

Memphis has played in every national team, from youth to senior. He was part of the Netherlands under-17 team and won the 2011 European Championship. He played his first national team game in 2013 and then next year he was a part of the Netherlands squad at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, and finished third. He also played in the UEFA Euro 2020.

PSV Eindhoven

Lyon

Barcelona

Netherlands U17

Netherlands

Individual



Thoughts on the Education of Daughters

Thoughts on the Education of Daughters is a book written by feminist and philospher Mary Wollstonecraft. It was published by Joseph Johnson in 1787.

The book argues that women should be allowed education just like men.

Lonsdaleite

Lonsdaleite is also known as hexagonal diamond because of its crystal structure, It is a allotrope of carbon with a Hexagonal lattice as compared to the cubical lattice of regular diamonds.

It is naturally found in meteorite debris of meteors that carried graphite and crashed onto earth, the great heat and pressure upon impact made the graphite turn into Lonsdaleite.

Sardar Azmoun

Sardar Azmoun (; born 1 January 1995) is an Iranian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Zenit Saint Petersburg and the Iran national team.

Azmoun played his first game for the Iran national team in 2014 when he was 19. He played in the 2015, 2019 AFC Asian Cup and 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Azmoun is the second-most expensive Iranian player of all-time behind Alireza Jahanbakhsh. He is the youngest Iranian to score in a Champions League game and he is the highest Iranian scorer in the UEFA Champions League, scoring four goals.

Zenit Saint Petersburg

Iran U17

Iran U20

Iran


Individual


Aidhausen

Aidhausen is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany, it is a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Hofheim in Unterfranken.

Aidhausen is in the Main-Rhön region.
It is divided into the following districts: Aidhausen, Friesenhausen, Happertshausen, Kerbfeld and Nassach.


Breitbrunn

Breitbrunn is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Bundorf

Bundorf is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Burgpreppach

Burgpreppach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Ebelsbach

Ebelsbach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Eltmann

Eltmann () is a town of 5256 residents (in Haßberge, Lower Franconia, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the south bank of the Main river, west of Bamberg. It is made up of the town proper, and its distant districts, Dippach, Eschenbach, Limbach, Lembach, Roßstadt, and Weissbrunn, as well as an industrial district. Eltmann is within the Naturpark Steigerwald.
The German federal highway (Bundesstraße) 26 passes through town, and the German Main Valley Autobahn 70 has an interchange next to town. Eltmann receives rail service from the German national railway system, Deutsche Bahn, at the Ebelsbach-Eltmann train station.


Ermershausen

Ermershausen is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Gädheim

Gädheim is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Main river valley.

Hofheim, Bavaria

Hofheim in Unterfranken ) is a city in Haßberge, Unterfranken, Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality consists of the town of Hofheim and the villages of Eichelsdorf, Erlsdorf, Goßmannsdorf, Lendershausen, Manau, Ostheim, Reckertshausen, Rügheim and Sulzbach.

Kirchlauter

Kirchlauter is a municipality in the Bavarian Administrative Region of Lower Franconia in Haßberge in Germany. It is a part of the Verwaltungsgemeinde of Ebelsbach.

Kirchlauter is in the Main-Rhön Region (Bavarian Planungsregion 3).

It consists of the following boroughs: Kirchlauter, Neubrunn, and Pettstadt.

Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne

Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne, Viscount of Turenne (1611-1675) was a French general, serving the Kingdom of France from 1630 until his death on 27 July 1675 during the Battle of Salzbach.

Omar Al Somah

Omar Jehad Al Somah (; born 23 March 1989) is a Syrian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Qatar Stars League club Al-Arabi and the Syria national team.

In July 2014, Al Somah joined Al Ahli. He was the top league goal-scorer in 2015, 2016 and 2017. He helped the team win the league in 2016, which was Al Ahli's first league win in 32 years.

Al Futowa

Al Qadsia

Al Ahli

Al arabi

Syria

Individual

David Rugamas

David Antonio Rugamas Leiva (born 17 February 1990 in San Juan Opico, La Libertad, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional football player, who plays as a forward.

2021 Indian Air Force Mil Mi-17 crash

On 8 December 2021, an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter crashed in Coonoor, Tamil Nadu, at 1220 hours IST. The Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat and 13 others, including his wife and other family members were onboard the helicopter. As of 1630 hours IST, 11 bodies were recovered from the crash site.

Norjmoogiin Tsedenbal

Norjmoogiin Tsedenbal (; born 12 September 1988) is a Mongolian footballer who plays as a defender for Ulaanbaatar City and the Mongolian national team.

2022 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC)

The Asian part of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification is the qualifiers for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. It is for the national teams who are members of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). Besides from Qatar (who qualified automatically as hosts), there a total of 4 or 5 slots (4 direct slots and 1 possible inter-confederation play-off slot) to the World Cup.

The tournament has four rounds; the first two rounds also being qualification for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup (which is why Qatar plays in the first two rounds). The first round would have also been qualifiers for the 2020 AFC Solidarity Cup but it was cancelled.

The qualification format is as follows:

All 46 FIFA associations from AFC entered qualification. The FIFA World Rankings from April 2019 was used to determine who would play in the first round. The second and third rounds used the FIFA World Rankings at the time of the draw.

Because the qualification format was for both the World Cup and Asian Cup qualifiers, both Qatar (automatically qualifying to the World Cup as hosts) and China PR (automatically qualifying to the Asian Cup as hosts) entered the second round. Qatar played for qualification to the Asian Cup, and China to the World Cup.

Timor-Leste was banned from playing in the Asian Cup qualifiers after they fielded 12 players they weren't able to play in the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification. FIFA did not ban them from the World Cup qualifiers though, so Timor-Leste was allowed to enter the competition. They are not able to qualify to the Asian Cup but they can qualify to the World Cup.

The schedule of the competition according to the FIFA International Match Calendar.

The draw for the first round was held on 17 April 2019 at 11:00 MST (), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The draw for the second round was held on 17 July 2019 at 17:00 MST (), at AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

North Korea withdrew from the qualifying round because of COVID-19 concerns.
Because North Korea withdrew from Group H, games against the fifth-placed teams of each group were not counted in the ranking of the runner-up teams.

The third round consists of two groups of six teams. The first two teams in each group will qualify for the World Cup. The two third-placed teams proceed to the fourth round. The draw was held on 1 July 2021 in Malaysia.

The two third-placed teams in each group from the third round will play against each other in a single match to decide which team will advance to the inter-confederation play-offs.

The host city and venue for this match will be announced during the draw for this round.

The inter-confederation play-off was determined by a draw held on 26 November 2021. The fifth-placed team from AFC was drawn against the fifth-placed team from CONMEBOL. The play-off is scheduled to be played as a single match in Qatar on 13 or 14 June 2022.
The following teams from AFC qualified for the final tournament.

Below are full goalscorer lists for each round:



Floridsdorfer AC

The Floridsdorfer Athletiksport-Club (Floridsdorfer Athletics Sports Club) is a football club from Floridsdorf. Floridsdorf is the 21st district of Vienna. The club was founded in August 1904. In November 1905 the name was chanced into Floridsdorfer Athletik-Klub. In June 1906 the 1. Floridsdorfer A.C. became member of the Austrian Football Association. The club colors are blue and white.

"Updated 27 July 2023"


In brackets level in Austrian football


Bleach: Shattered Blade

Bleach: Shattered Blade, known as in Japan, is a video game for Nintendo's Wii that is developed by Sega. It is based off the popular anime and manga series, "Bleach". The player is able to swing the characters' swords by using the Wii Remote.

Sega, in conjunction with Bleach creator Tite Kubo, has designed a character specifically for this game, named Arturo Plateado.

A self-made arrancar named Arturo Plateado once stormed Soul Society, but was trapped beneath Sōkyoku Hill by the Gotei 13 two-thousand years prior to the start of "Bleach". When the Sōkyoku was destroyed during Ichigo Kurosaki's rescue of Rukia Kuchiki, the seal placed on Arturo was broken and he was freed.

Arturo decides to impersonate various figures, his disguises ranging from captains to "zanpakutō" spirits, in an attempt to trick others into regaining the pieces of the destroyed Sōkyoku in order to absorb them into his body and become more powerful. Depending on the game's outcome, he is either purified and defeated or obtains the Sōkyoku and carries on to decimate the Soul Society.




Plectrohyla pycnochila

The thicklip spikethumb frog or thick-lipped spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla pycnochila") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 2000 and 2600 meters above sea level in pine-oak forests in Meseta Central (central tableland) in Chiapas.

Michael Chaves

Michael Chaves is an American film director, screenwriter, visual effects artist, editor and also, an executive producer. He is best known for his work on the miniseries, "Chase Champions", and the theatrical films "The Curse of La Llorona" and "".

Marv Films

Marv Studios (or simply Marv and stylised as MARV, formerly known as SKA Films) is the British movie and television production company currently owned by movie producer Matthew Vaughn. It is best known for the movies "Layer Cake", "Stardust", "Kick-Ass", "" and "".

In 1997, movie producer Matthew Vaughn and movie director Guy Ritchie established their own company in the United Kingdom, with its first movie being "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", which is for HandMade Films.

In 1999, Vaughn and Ritchie struck an agreement with Sony Pictures to distribute its next movie, "Snatch".

The team followed it up with their next big movie "Swept Away", starring Madonna. The movie ended up being bombed critically and commercially. It went on to win the Golden Raspberry Awards in 2003.

Later that same year, Ritchie and Vaughn broke up ties, thus rebranding from SKA Films to Marv Films, and its first production under the new banner was Matthew Vaughn's directorial debut "Layer Cake".

In 2007, it signed a contract with Sony Pictures to produce its feature movies. Later that same year, Charlie Mitchell joined the company.

In 2009, Kris Thykier decided to leave Marv Films, in order to set up PeaPie Films, to produce new feature movies.

In 2018, Vaughn established its subsidiary Marv Studios to set up new feature movie reboots.

In 2021, Marv established a record label, Marv Music, in conjunction with Warner Music Group. The label is distributed under Warner's Parlophone Records unit.


Knetzgau

Knetzgau is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It consists of eight villages: Oberschwappach, Unterschwappach, Westheim, Hainert, Eschenau, Neuhaus, Zell am Ebersberg, Wohnau and Zeil.

Königsberg, Bavaria

Königsberg in Bayern is a town in Haßberge, in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km (5 miles) northeast of Haßfurt, and 31 km (20 miles) northwest of Bamberg.

It was an exclave of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha until 1918, after having been a part of Saxe-Hildburghausen.

<br>

Maroldsweisach

Maroldsweisach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.


Oberaurach

Oberaurach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

There are 11 quarters belonging to Oberaurach:

Pfarrweisach

Pfarrweisach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Pfarrweisach is in the Main-Rhön Region (Bavarian planning region no. 3).

Pfarrweisach is divided into nine sub-municipalities (population in brackets as at: 5 January 2009):

Its neighbouring municipalities (clockwise from the north) are: Maroldsweisach, Seßlach, Untermerzbach, Ebern and Burgpreppach.

Rauhenebrach

Rauhenebrach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Rentweinsdorf

Rentweinsdorf is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Riedbach

Riedbach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It is 20 km northeast of Schweinfurt and 8 km north of Haßfurt.

The municipality was created in 1978. It surrounds the villages of Humprechtshausen, Kleinmünster, Kleinsteinach, Kreuzthal and Mechenried, and its name comes from the Riedbach creek that flows through Humprechtshausen, Kleinsteinach and Mechenried. 
The population of Riedbach is about 1600 people. Its mayor is Birgit Bayer.

Humprechtshausen (521 Inhabitants)
Mechenried (461 Inhabitants)
Kleinsteinach (441 Inhabitants)
Kleinmünster (259 Inhabitants)
Kreuzthal (104 Inhabitants)

Riedbach is surrounded by the municipalities (beginning north, clockwise) of Aidhausen, Hofheim in Unterfranken, Königsberg in Bayern, Haßfurt and Schonungen.

1910: 1.725 Residents
1972: 1.902 Residents
2005: 1.717 Residents
2010: 1.625 Residents


Sand am Main

Sand is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Main.

Stettfeld

Stettfeld is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Theres

Theres is a municipality on the river Main, in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Untermerzbach

Untermerzbach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Wonfurt

Wonfurt is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Zeil am Main

Zeil am Main is a town in Haßberge in Lower Franconia, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right bank of the Main, 7 km east of Haßfurt, 24 km northwest of Bamberg, and 25 km east of Schweinfurt.

Bad Steben

Bad Steben is a market town in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. In 2007, Bad Steben celebrated its 175th anniversary as a Bavarian State Spa.

Berg, Upper Franconia

Berg () is a municipality in Hof in Bavaria, Germany.

Döhlau

Döhlau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Saale River.

Feilitzsch

Feilitzsch is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Gattendorf

Gattendorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Geroldsgrün

Geroldsgrün is a municipality in Hof, Bavaria, Germany.

Helmbrechts

Helmbrechts () is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Southern edge of the Frankenwald, 20 km southwest of Hof.

With the local government reorganization in 1972, the following villages were merged to Helmbrechts' district:

Balsa, Brazil

Balsa is a headland on the opposite side of the Amazon River from the city of Manaus, Amazonas state, Brazil. The AM-070 road bridge comes from Santo Agostinho to the headland. It has a dock and slipway and operates ferry services to Manaus.

Woodlands, Singapore

Woodlands is a town in Northern Singapore. Johor Bahru, a city in Malaysia, is North of it, while Sembawang and Kranji are to its East and West.




Briar Hill

Briar Hill is a district of Northampton, England, United Kingdom.

SK Rapid Wien II

SK Rapid Wien II is the second team of the Austrian Bundesliga club SK Rapid Wien. Since 2020 they play in the 2. Liga in Austria.


In brackets:Level in Austrian football


Seo Sung-Kyo

Seo Sung-Kyo (born 13 May 1970) is a South Korean taekwondo athlete. He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

He won a gold medal at the 1992 Asian Taekwondo Championships, and 1994 World Cup, in the –54 kg category.​ 

Vasugi Maruthamuthu

Vasugi Maruthamuthu (born 13 June 1968) is a Malaysian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics demonstration.

She competed at the 1990 Asian Taekwondo Championships and 1992 Asian Taekwondo Championships,​ winning two bronze medals 

Marion Petric

Marion Petric (18 September 1966 Graz– 29 May 2021) was an Austrian comedienne, singer, cabaret artist and actress.

She was a founding member of the "Ö3 Comedyhirten", with the successful program "Mörderisch", which reached 300,000 viewers in Austria.

She toured Austria with comedy music shows "Ladies on a Leash" (2009 to 2012), "Die Froschkönigin" (2012 to 2015), and "Fisch Grete und das Kammerl des Schreckens" (2015 to 2017). 

She also worked as an advertising spokesperson, presenter and jazz singer and appeared in the comedy section of "Hitradio Ö3" .

She died in 2021.


Lillan Westli

Lillan Elisabeth Westli (born 15 February 1972) is a Norwegian speed skater. She represented Norway and Kongsvinger Idrettslag. She won the 1989 Norwegian Championships, in relay.

She competed at the 2000/2001 ISU Speed Skating World Cup, and 2001/2002 ISU Speed Skating World Cup.

Catalina Meyer

Catalina Meyer Busquets (1926 – 8 May 2021) was a Chilean professional basketball player. She was a member of the Chile women's national basketball team.

She competed at the 1953 FIBA World Championship for Women, winning a silver medal, and at the 1946 South American Basketball Championship for Women, and 1950 South American Basketball Championship for Women, winning two gold medals.

Clarence Ellis (computer scientist)

Clarence "Skip" Ellis (May 11, 1943 – May 17, 2014) was an American computer scientist, and Emeritus Professor of Computer Science and Cognitive Science at the University of Colorado at Boulder. While at the CU-Boulder, he was the director of the Collaboration Technology Research Group and a member of the Institute of Cognitive Science. Ellis was the first African-American to earn a PhD in Computer Science (1969), and the first African-American to be elected a Fellow of the ACM (1997). Ellis was a pioneer in Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Groupware. He and his team at Xerox PARC created OfficeTalk, one of the first groupware systems. Ellis also pioneered Operational Transformation, which is a set of techniques that enables real-time collaborative editing of documents.

Issigau

Issigau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Issig River.

Köditz

Köditz is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Konradsreuth

Konradsreuth is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

With the local government reorganization in 1972, the following villages were combined and merged into Konradsreuth municipality:

Leupoldsgrün

Leupoldsgrün is a municipality in Upper Franconia. It can be found in Hof, which is in Bavaria, Germany.

Frederick Trump

Frederick Trump (nee Freidrich Drumpf March 14, 1869 – March 30, 1918) was a German businessman. He is the father of businessman Fred Trump and the grandfather of Donald Trump.

Trump made his first fortune operating boom-town hotels and whorehouses in the northwestern United States, and later in Monte Cristo, Washington.

Juan Martín Díez

Juan Martín Díez (1775, Valladolid - 1825) was a Spanish brigadier-general of cavalry. The son of a peasant, Díez was head of guerilla bands, where he had done good service to his country during the Peninsular war and been promoted; offending the ruling powers, he was charged with conspiracy, tried, and killed.

Inauguration of William Howard Taft

The inauguration of William Howard Taft as the 27th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1909. It was the start of the only term of William Howard Taft as president and James S. Sherman's only term as vice president. 

A ceremony happened at the Senate chamber inside the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. because of a blizzard. The event was the 31st presidential inauguration. 

Vice president Sherman did not complete his term in office, because he died on October 30, 1912. Since the Twenty-fifth Amendment, which allows for the office of vice president to be filled if it were empty, of the US Constitution was not passed yet, the position remained empty until Taft's term as president ended. As of 2021, Sherman is the most recent vice president to die in office.

Chief Justice Melville Fuller administered the presidential oath of office to Taft. Charles W. Fairbanks gave the vice presidential oath of office to Sherman. This inauguration was the last time Fuller gave the oath. However, the Chief Justice said his lines incorrectly. 

Although the weather was not good, the inaugural parade was not canceled. An inaugural ball that evening was held at the Pension Building. The ball would be the last official one, because Taft's successor, Woodrow Wilson, asked the city of Washington to not do one, putting a brief end to the practice. The inaugural balls were brought back in 1949 as part of the second inauguration of Harry S. Truman.


Relief rainfall

Relief rainfall means rain caused by the land varying in height. Relief rainfall is formed when the air cools as it rises over relief features in the landscape such as hills or mountains. As the air rises, it cools, condenses and forms rain.

SV Horn

SV Horn is an Austrian association football club playing in the city of Horn in Lower Austria. They play in the 2nd League. 

SV Horn also has a women football team which plays in the 2. ÖFB Frauen-Bundesliga.

Degrees of freedom (statistics)

Degrees of freedom refers to the maximum number of logically independent values, which are values that have the freedom to vary, in the data sample.

The easiest way to understand degrees of freedom conceptually is through an example:


The formula for degrees of freedom equals the size of the data sample minus one:
Df​=N−1
where:

Df​=degrees of freedom

N=sample size​

Degrees of freedom are commonly discussed in relation to various forms of hypothesis testing in statistics, such as a chi-square. It is essential to calculate degrees of freedom when trying to understand the importance of a chi-square statistic and the validity of the null hypothesis.

There are two different kinds of chi-square tests: the test of independence, which asks a question of relationship, such as, "Is there a relationship between gender and SAT scores?"; and the goodness-of-fit test, which asks something like "If a coin is tossed 100 times, will it come up heads 50 times and tails 50 times?"

For these tests, degrees of freedom are utilized to determine if a certain null hypothesis can be rejected based on the total number of variables and samples within the experiment. For example, when considering students and course choice, a sample size of 30 or 40 students is likely not large enough to generate significant data. Getting the same or similar results from a study using a sample size of 400 or 500 students is more valid.

The earliest and most basic concept of degrees of freedom was noted in the early 1800s, intertwined in the works of mathematician and astronomer Carl Friedrich Gauss. The modern usage and understanding of the term were expounded upon first by William Sealy Gosset, an English statistician, in his article "The Probable Error of a Mean," published in Biometrika in 1908 under a pen name to preserve his anonymity.1

In his writings, Gosset did not specifically use the term "degrees of freedom." He did, however, give an explanation for the concept throughout the course of developing what would eventually be known as Student’s T-distribution. The actual term was not made popular until 1922. English biologist and statistician Ronald Fisher began using the term "degrees of freedom" when he started publishing reports and data on his work developing chi-squares.

Sinful Davey

Sinful Davey is a 1969 British American adventure crime comedy movie directed by John Huston and starring John Hurt, Pamela Franklin, Anjelica Huston, Nigel Davenport, Ronald Fraser, Maxine Audley, Robert Morley, Fionnula Flanagan, Donal McCann, Allan Cuthbertson, Eddie Byrne and was distributed by United Artists.


Sorghum bicolor

Sorghum bicolor, commonly called sorghum () and also known as great millet, durra, jowari / jowar, or milo, is a grass species cultivated for its grain, which is used for food for humans, animal feed, and ethanol production. Sorghum originated in Africa, and is now cultivated widely in tropical and subtropical regions. Sorghum is the world's fifth-most important cereal crop after rice, wheat, maize, and barley, with 59.34 million metric tons of annual global production in 2018. "S. bicolor" is typically an annual, but some cultivars are perennial. It grows in clumps that may reach over 4 m high. The grain is small, ranging from 2 to 4 mm in diameter. Sweet sorghums are sorghum cultivars that are primarily grown for forage, syrup production, and ethanol; they are taller than those grown for grain.

"Sorghum bicolor" is the cultivated species of sorghum; its wild relatives make up the botanical genus "Sorghum".

Plectrohyla avia

The greater spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla avia") is a frog that lives in Mexico and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 1685 and 2200 meters above sea level on the Pacific Ocean side (west side) of the Sierra Madre mountains.

Maryse Wolinski

Maryse Wolinski (3 May 1943 – 9 December 2021) was a French journalist, novelist and writer. She was the wife of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonist murdered in January 2015. After the death of her husband, she dedicated three books to him. 

Wolinski died of cancer in Paris on 9 December 2021, at the age of 78.


Hanger Lane gyratory

The Hanger Lane gyratory is a multi-lane gyratory that is the shape of a rectangle. The Western Avenue (A40) goes under the gyratory. The A40 meets with the North Circular (A406) and the Ealing Road towards Wembley. It is in the north of the borough of Ealing in west London.

The junction covers about . At rush hour, it carries nearly 10,000 vehicles per hour. The Central line passes under the gyratory. Hanger Lane tube station takes up some of the middle of the gyratory. The rest of the middle has some service buildings and a nature reserve. The nature reserve is a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation.

The junction became a gyratory in the 1980s. In December 2007, it was named Britain's scariest junction. The High Speed 2 railway could have caused the gyratory to be remodelled.

Google Maps Navigation

Google Maps Navigation is a mobile application developed by Google for the Android and iOS operating systems that was later integrated into the Google Maps mobile app. The application uses an Internet connection to a GPS navigation system to provide turn-by-turn voice-guided instructions on how to arrive at a given destination.
The application requires connection to Internet data (e.g. 3G, 4G, 5G, WiFi, etc.) and normally uses a GPS satellite connection to determine its location. A user can enter a destination into the application, which will plot a path to it. The app displays the user's progress along the route and issues instructions for each turn.

The application’s beta release was released on October 28, 2009, accompanying the release of Android 2.0 (Eclair) on the Motorola Milestone (known as the Motorola Droid). Google Maps Navigation Beta was initially released in the United States. The application (version 4.2) was later released in the UK on April 20, 2010 and Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and Switzerland on June 9, 2010.

Lichtenberg, Bavaria

Lichtenberg is a town in northeastern Bavaria, being in Hof in Upper Franconia.

It is on a hill above the valley of the river Selbitz, in the Frankenwald nature park.

Münchberg

Münchberg is a small town in Upper Franconia (Bavaria), Germany. It is sometimes known as the "Textile Town of Bavaria".

Its sister city is Jefferson City, Missouri, United States.

Mechlenreuth

Mechlenreuth is a village in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria, Germany. In 1978 the village was included into Münchberg. The earliest known mention of the village was in 1185. From 1837 to 1978 Mechlenreuth was an independent municipality. Today it is a village of 200 residents and a part of the city Münchberg.

The village is on the edge of the natural park Fichtelgebirge. Their bordering villages are (clockwise) Münchberg Weißdorf Stockenroth- Germersreuth, Großlosnitz, Kleinlosnitz and Mussen. The village is at a height of 545 meters two kilometers south of the city Münchberg. In the south and east is Mechlenreuth in large parts surrounded by forests. In the north-west rises the chapel mountain, the highest point of the village area. It is also a natural border, to the rest of the city Münchberg. The center of the village grouped around a village pond surrounded by trees. Today the village Mechlenreuth also includes the single buildings Upper Eiben, Lower Eiben, Umspannwerk Mechlenreuth, Rußhut, Lohbrickworks and Dietelsmill.



Naila

Naila is a town in the Frankenwald hills, in Hof, Bavaria. Naila is from Hof, on both banks of the Selbitz river.


Oberkotzau

Oberkotzau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Rehau

Rehau is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. The first documented name of Rehau was "Resawe" in the year 1234. Rehau is in the Fichtelgebirge, 12 km southeast of Hof, and 12 km west of Aš. It is near both Czech and former East German borders, with the fall of The Wall, it is now in the center of a growing area, with a new Autobahn providing access from Nuremberg and Munich.


Schauenstein

Schauenstein is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 13 km west of Hof.

Endothermic process

An endothermic reaction is a reaction between two elements or compounds that absorbs heat energy.

If more energy is needed to break the bonds than the energy being released, energy is taken up. Therefore, it is an endothermic reaction.

Maitreyi Ramakrishnan

Maitreyi Ramakrishnan ( ; born 28 December 2001) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her leading role as Devi Vishwakumar in the Netflix teen comedy series "Never Have I Ever" (2020–present) and as Priya Mangal in the Pixar film "Turning Red" (2022).

Candice Patton

Candice Kristina Patton is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Iris West-Allen in the television series "The Flash" (2014-2023), Her acting on "The Flash" earned her a Saturn Award from four nominations.

Schwarzenbach am Wald

Schwarzenbach am Wald is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 21 km west of Hof, and 23 km northeast of Kulmbach.

Schwarzenbach am Wald is in a natural environment at the bottom of the Döbraberg in the natural park Frankenwald

Schwarzenbach an der Saale

Schwarzenbach an der Saale is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Saale, 11 km south of Hof. 

Relative clause

A "relative clause" is a string of words that contains a noun and a verb. Relative clauses can not stand on their own as a sentence and must begin with a "relative pronoun".

This is one of the most difficult aspects of English. Consider:

Consider these two:

On the first, he will make a large profit, and it gives the reason.
In the second, the profit only comes if he builds well. The profit is "conditional" upon his performance.

2005 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1986 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 18 July 2005 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Uli Stielike

Head coach: Nikos Nioplias

Head coach: Mal Donaghy

Head coach: Zvonko Živković

Head coach: Samvel Petrosyan

Head coach: Martin Hunter

Head coach: 

Head coach: Tor Ole Skullerund

2006 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1987 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 18 July 2006 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Paul Gludovatz

Head coach: Marc Van Geersom

Head coach: Miroslav Soukup

Head coach: Michał Globisz

Head coach: Carlos Dinis

Head coach: Archie Gemmill

Head coach: Ginés Meléndez

Head coach: Cem Pamiroğlu

2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1988 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 16 July 2007 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Hermann Stadler

Head coach: Nikos Nioplias

Head coach: Edgar Borges

Head coach: Juan Santisteban


Head coach: Guy Ferrier

Head coach: Frank Engel

Head coach: Ravil Sabitov

Head coach: Zvonko Živković

2008 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1989 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 14 July 2008 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Mihail Madanski

Head coach: Tibor Sisa

Head coach: Horst Hrubesch

Head coach: Ginés Meléndez

Head coach: Jakub Dovalil

Head coach: Brian Eastick

Head coach: Alexis Alexiou

Head coach: Francesco Rocca


2022 FIFA World Cup qualification – AFC First Round

The AFC first round of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification was also the first round of 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualification. It was played from 6 to 11 June 2019.

A total of twelve teams (teams ranked 35–46 in the FIFA World Rankings) played home-and-away over two legs. The six winners advanced to the second round.

The six losers would have qualified to the 2020 AFC Solidarity Cup, but it was cancelled.

Timor-Leste were banned from qualifying to the 2023 AFC Asian Cup, so this only acts as FIFA World Cup qualification for them.

The draw for the first round was held on 17 April 2019 at 11:00 MST (), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

The seeding was based on the FIFA World Rankings of April 2019. Pot A teams hosted the first leg and Pot B teams hosted the second leg.

Note: Bolded teams qualified for the second round.
Note: FIFA World Rankings at the time of the draw is shown in (parenthesis).

The first legs were played on 6–7 June, and the second legs on 11 June 2019.
<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

Mongolia won 3–2 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Sri Lanka won 3–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Bangladesh won 1–0 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Malaysia won 12–2 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Cambodia won 4–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Guam won 5–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.


Richard Synge

Richard Laurence Millington Synge (1914-1994) was an English biochemist.

Product differentiation

Product differentiation is a term from economics and marketing. In most markets, there will be some form of competition: businesses offer products or services, which may be very similar. Using product differentiation, a company can change a product or a service, so that it becomes more attractive to a given market. This means the product or service must be different from the product of the competitors. It also means, it must be sufficiently different from the other products of the company. Edward Chamberlin first proposed the idea, in his book "The Theory of Monopolistic Competition", published in 1933

Firms have different ways that help them to construct specific competitive advantages over competitors. Differentiation is the process of distinguishing the differences of a product or offering from others, to make it more attractive to a particular target market.

Although research in a niche market may result in changing a product in order to improve differentiation, the changes themselves are not differentiation. Marketing or product differentiation is the process of describing the differences between products or services, or the resulting list of differences. This is done to demonstrate the unique aspects of a firm's product and create a sense of value. Marketing textbooks are firm on the point that any differentiation must be valued by buyers (a differentiation attempt that is not perceived does not count). The term unique selling proposition refers to advertising to communicate a product's differentiation.

In economics, successful product differentiation leads to competitive advantage. This is inconsistent with perfect competition. One of the requirement for perfect competition is that the products or services are perfect substitutes. There are three types of product differentiation:


Most of the time, the brand differences are small: they can be as little as different packaging or an advertising theme. The physical product need not change, but it may. Differentiation is about the buyers seeing a difference. Causes of differentiation may be functional aspects of the product or service, how it is distributed and marketed, or who buys it. The major sources of product differentiation are as follows.


The objective of differentiation is to develop a position that potential customers see as unique. The term is used frequently when dealing with freemium business models, in which businesses market a free and paid version of a given product. Given they target the same group of customers, it is imperative that free and paid versions be effectively differentiated.

Differentiation primarily affects performance through reducing directness of competition: As the product becomes more different, categorization becomes more difficult and hence draws fewer comparisons with its competition. A successful product differentiation strategy will move your product from competing based primarily on price to competing on non-price factors (such as product characteristics, distribution strategy, or promotional variables).

Most people think that companies differentiate their products to be able to charge more for their product. This is a very simplistic view, that does not cover all aspects. If customers like what the firm has to offer, they will be less sensitive to the offers of others. Price may not be one of these aspects. Differentiation makes customers in a given segment have a lower sensitivity to other features (non-price) of the product.

Vertical product differentiation can be measured objectively by a consumer, for example when comparing two similar products the quality and price can clearly be identified and ranked by the customer. If both A and B products are charged the same price to the consumer, then the market share for each one will be positive, according to the Hotelling model. The major theory in this is all consumers prefer the higher quality product if two distinct products are offered at the same price. A product can differ in many vertical attributes. What really matters is the relationship between consumers willingness to pay for improvements in quality and the increase in cost per unit that comes with such improvements. Therefore, the perceived difference in quality is different with different consumer, so it is objective. A green product might be having a lower or zero negative effect on the environment, however, it may turn out to be inferior than other products in other aspects. It also depends on the way it is advertised and the social pressure a potential consumer is living in. Even one vertical differentiation can be a decisive factor in purchasing.

Horizontal differentiation seeks to affect an individual's subjective decision-making. The difference cannot be measured in an objective way. For example, different color versions of the same iPhone or MacBook. A lemon ice cream is not superior to a chocolate ice cream, - it is completely based on the user's preference. A restaurant may price all of its desserts at the same price and let the consumer freely choose since all the alternatives cost the same. A clear example of Horizontal Product Differentiation can be seen when comparing Coca Cola and Pepsi: if priced the same then individuals will differentiate between the two based purely on their own taste preference.

Usually, product differentiation is seen as either vertical or horizontal. Most forms of product differentiation have both horizontal and vertical product differentiations. Those two are not the only way to differentiate products. Another way to differentiate a product is through spatial differentiation. Spatial Product Differentiation is using a geographical location as a way to differentiate. An example of Spatial Differentiation is a firm locally sourcing inputs and producing their product.


Anneliese Knoop-Graf

Anneliese Knoop-Graf (January 30 1921-August 27 2009) was the youngest sister of Willi Graf, who was one of the main members of the White Rose resistance group. In his last letter to her he tasked her to “keep a good memory of me.” (“Behaltet mich in guter Errinerung”) After his death Anneliese worked tirelessly to keep Willi’s story (and the stories of the other White Rose members) alive.

On February 18, 1943, Willi and Anneliese Graf were captured by the Gestapo. Both were accused of being members of the White Rose. Willi was a core member, but he had never told Anneliese about the activities of the White Rose. Anneliese was released soon afterward, but her brother was sentenced to death. In his last letter to Anneliese and his family, Willi asked them to, “Keep a good memory of me” and to “continue what we have started.”

After the war Anneliese honored her brothers last wishes, becoming a speaker about the White Rose.She helped write multiple publications about the White Rose, including helping Inge Jens and Walter Jens publish a book of Willi Graf’s letters and diary titled, “Willi Graf: Briefe und Aufzeichnungen.”

In 1987, Anneliese became the vice chairman of the White Rose foundation in Munich.

Anneliese Knoop-Graf died on August 27, 2009. She was 88 years old.

Neuf-Mesnil

Neuf-Mesnil () is a commune in the Nord in north France. In 2018 1,324 people lived in the coummune.


Hazel W. Johnson-Brown

Hazel W. Johnson-Brown (October 10, 1927 – August 5, 2011) a member of the United States military. She was the 16th Chief of the United States Army Nurse Corps and the first African American woman to hold the title of Brigadier general. She served the military as a nurse from 1955 to 1983 when she retired. 

The title of Brigadier general and 16th Chief of Army Nurse Corps was awarded to Hazel W. Johnson-Brown in 1979.

She was born on October 10, 1927. She was born and raised in Pennsylvania, United States. She is the daughter of Clarence L. Johnson Sr. and Gamett Henly Johnson. She had six siblings. It is said that she wanted to be a nurse from early childhood. 

Greek Australians

Greek Australians () are Australians of Greek heritage or Australians born in Greece. They make up at least 1.8% of Australia's population. The cities in Australia with the most Greeks are Melbourne and Sydney.


Phyllis Lose

Margaret Phyllis Lose (November 15, 1925-September 30, 2019) was the first woman equine (horse) vet in the United States. She opened many equine surgical hospitals, and was extremely successful in her surgeries. She never had a client with a postoperative (after operation) infection. She was the third woman to get a horse trainer license in the United States. 

