Stadtprozelten is a town and municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the municipal association of Stadtprozelten.

Stadtprozelten is on the southern edge of the Spessart (range) and on the right edge of the Main in the middle of the south side of the "Mainviereck" (“Main Square”), 8 km northwest of Wertheim am Main. Stadtprozelten is directly opposite , which is on the left edge of the Main. They are linked by a ferry.

The district of Neuenbuch is 2 km north of the town centre.

Stadtprozelten is bordered by (from the north, clockwise): Altenbuch, Faulbach, Wertheim (Baden-Württemberg), Dorfprozelten and Eschau.


Sulzbach am Main

Sulzbach am Main (officially "Sulzbach a.Main") is a market municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Sulzbach is on the rivers Main and Sulzbach, about 7 km south of Aschaffenburg on the western edge of the Spessart (range). The hill Pfaffenberg with its radio transmitter is partially placed within the municipal territory.

Sulzbach's districts are Sulzbach, (formerly also called Bad Sodenthal) and .

Sulzbach is bordered by (from the north, clockwise): Aschaffenburg, Bessenbach, Hohe Wart ("gemeindefreies Gebiet"), Leidersbach, Kleinwallstadt, Großwallstadt and Niedernberg.


Weilbach, Germany

Weilbach is a market municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Weilbach is in the Bavarian part of the Odenwald (range).
The municipality is divided into the centres of Weilbach, Weckbach, Gönz, Reuenthal, Ohrenbach, Wiesenthal and Sansenhof.

Wörth am Main

Wörth am Main (officially ""; ) is a town in the Miltenberg district in the Lower Franconia region in Bavaria, Germany.

Wörth am Main is on the left edge of the Main, between the hills of the Odenwald and Spessart, northwest of Miltenberg, and south of Aschaffenburg.

Wörth is in the Bavarian section of the "Naturpark Bergstraße-Odenwald".



Aschau am Inn

Aschau is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Buchbach

Buchbach is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in the region of southeastern Upper Bavaria in the foothills of the Alps. Buchbach borders directly on the districts of Erding and Landshut. The state capital Munich is about 63 km away. 

Egglkofen

Egglkofen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Erharting

Erharting is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Gars am Inn

Gars is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany. It is the place of Gars Abbey.

Gars am Kamp is twinned with the following cities:

Heldenstein

Heldenstein is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Jettenbach

Jettenbach is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Inn.

Kirchdorf, Upper Bavaria

Kirchdorf is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Kraiburg

Kraiburg is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Inn.

Lohkirchen

Lohkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Maitenbeth

Maitenbeth is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Maitenbeth consists of 58 official districts:

Mettenheim

Mettenheim is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Niedertaufkirchen

Niedertaufkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Vladimir Dolgov

Vladimir Genrikhovich Dolgov (Владимир Генрихович Долгов, 11 May 1960 – 10 January 2022) was a Soviet backstroke swimmer. He won the bronze medal in the men's 100m backstroke event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR. 

Dolgov died from stomach cancer in Huntersville, North Carolina on 10 January 2022, at the age of 61.

Burke Shelley

John Burke Shelley (10 April 1950 – 10 January 2022) was a Welsh musician and singer-songwriter. He was best known as the lead singer and bassist of the rock band Budgie.

Shelley had Stickler syndrome and suffered from two aortic aneurysms before his death. He died at a hospital in Cardiff, Wales on January 10, 2022, at the age of 71.

Mario Savio

Mario Savio (December 8, 1942 – November 6, 1996) was an American activist. He was an important activist during the Berkeley Free Speech Movement. He is most famous for his speeches given at Sproul Hall, University of California, Berkeley during the 1960s counterculture movement.

Free Speech Movement

The Free Speech Movement (FSM) was a massive, long-lasting student protest which took place during the 1964–65 academic year on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley. The Movement was led by Berkeley graduate student Mario Savio. Thousands of students took part in this movement. The Free Speech Movement was the first mass act of civil disobedience on an American college campus in the 1960s.

Students said that the university should lift the ban of on-campus political activities and support the students' right to free speech and academic freedom. The Free Speech Movement was inspired by the New Left. The Civil Rights Movement and the opposition over the United States involvement in the Vietnam War were also key factors in the movement.

Counterculture of the 1960s

The counterculture of the 1960s was an anti-establishment cultural phenomenon. This happened in most parts of the Western world between the mid-1960s and the mid-1970s. The movement became popular as the U.S. Civil Rights Movement continued to grow and the United States's involvement in the Vietnam War. 

During this time, there were social tensions about the change in human sexuality, women's rights, traditional modes of authority, rights of the non-white people, end of the racial segregation, experimentation with psychoactive drugs and what the "American Dream" meant. Many key movements related to these issues were born or grew from the counterculture of the 1960s.


Opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War

Opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War began with protests in 1964 against the role of the United States in the Vietnam War. It became a social movement over the several years. This movement caused and educated a debate, mainly in the United States, during the second half of the 1960s and early 1970s on how to end the war.

Many in the peace movement within the United States were children, mothers, or anti-establishment young people. 

Their actions were mainly of peaceful, nonviolent events. In some cases, police used violent force against peaceful demonstrators. In 1970, four unarmed college students were killed by the Ohio National Guard, on the Kent State University campus. The incident's name is the Kent State shootings.) 

By 1967, according to Gallup polls, an increasing majority of Americans thought that the military involvement in Vietnam to be a mistake.

Phil Ochs

Philip David Ochs (; December 19, 1940 – April 9, 1976) was an American songwriter and protest singer. He wrote songs during the Free Speech movement in Berkeley, California and during many political events during the 1960s counterculture era such as the Civil rights movement and protests against the Vietnam War.

Ochs hung himself at an apartment building on April 9, 1976 in New York City, aged 35.

Country Joe McDonald

Joseph Allen "Country Joe" McDonald (born January 1, 1942) is an American musician, singer and political activist. He was the lead singer of the 1960s psychedelic rock group Country Joe and the Fish. He is known for his role during the Free Speech Movement in Berkeley, California and for his songs during the Counterculture of the 1960s.

Aviano

Aviano is a town and "comune" in the province of Pordenone. It is near the Dolomites mountain range in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, northern Italy.


Mairead McGuinness

Mairead McGuinness (born 13 June 1959) is an Irish politician. She was the European Commissioner for Financial Stability, Financial Services and the Capital Markets Union since October 2020. She is a member of Fine Gael. She was First Vice-President of the European Parliament from 2017 to 2020. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for East from 2004 to 2014 and for Midlands–North-West from 2014 to 2020. McGuinness was Ireland’s longest serving MEP. 

François Perigot

François Perigot (12 May 1926 – 7 January 2022) was a French businessman and trade unionist. He was President of the Conseil national du patronat français from 1986 to 1994 and President of the Mouvement des Entreprises de France from 1997 to 2005.

Perigot died on 7 January 2022 at the age of 95.

Daniel Cohn-Bendit

Daniel Marc Cohn-Bendit (; ; born 4 April 1945) is a French-German politician. He was a student leader during the unrest of May 1968 in France.

He was co-president of the group European Greens–European Free Alliance in the European Parliament for ten years between 2004 and 2014.

Imphal Peace Museum

The Imphal Peace Museum (IPM) (; ) is a World War II museum at the foothills of the Red Hills (Maibam Lokpa Ching) in Manipur. It is a living memory of the Battle of Imphal (Anglo-Japanese war) and other World War II battles (March-July 1944) fought in Manipur. It is supported by the Nippon Foundation (TNF), a non-profit grant making organization, collaborating with the Manipur Tourism Forum and the Government of Manipur. Notably, in a poll conducted by the British , the Battle of Imphal and Kohima was bestowed as Britain's Greatest Battle.

Imphal Peace Museum is the winner of India's Best Design Award in the year 2019.
The main attraction to the museum is the display of the Japanese calligraphy of the word "Heiwa" () by Shinzo Abe, the prime minister of Japan.

The Imphal Peace Museum () was founded in the year 2019. It was opened on the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Imphal. Former British and Japanese adversaries were present in the inaugural event of the museum. Dominic Asquith, the British High Commissioner to India, and Kenji Hiramatsu, Japanese ambassador to India, attended the opening of the museum.

The museum's interior and exhibitions designs are one of the best works done by International Award-winning designer Suresh Huidrom. In 2019, the Imphal Peace Museum won India's Best Design Award for the creativity and innovative interior design. In 2021, the museum represented India at the Muse Design Awards 2021, New York and won silver in the field of interior design and architecture. During the same year, the museum was nominated finalist at the Society of British Interior Design and International Award 2021 for the Best Interior Design. Honorary Mention at Singapore Interior Design Award 2021, Singapore. Most Creative Interior Design of the Year 2021 by Global Architect and Builders Award 2021.

The Imphal Peace Museum has three sections.
The first section exhibits a timeline of the Battle of Imphal. The names of the casualties in the war are also shown. The names of the people of Manipur who joined the Indian National Army (INA) are also featured. The displaying war artefacts include artillery shells collected by the local people. There are also photographs of personal notes and the uniform of a Japanese soldier shown.

The second section shows the scenarios after the WWII in Manipur. It highlights the impact of the war and the process of recovery. Early television sets, photographs and cameras are also displayed.
The third section displays the art and culture of Manipur. These are shown in the forms of photographs, audiovisual features and still models.

Walker's tree frog

Walker's tree frog ("Dryophytes walkeri") is a frog that lives in Mexico and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 1450 and 2340 meters above sea level.

To Sir, with Love

To Sir, with Love is a 1967 British drama movie directed by James Clavell and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by the author E. R. Braithwaite. It stars Sidney Poitier and features Christian Roberts, Judy Geeson, Suzy Kendall, Patricia Routledge and singer Lulu making her movie debut. James Clavell also wrote the screenplay of the story, which is quite different from the novel.

A 1996 television movie sequel, "To Sir, with Love II", was released nearly three decades later, with Poitier in the same starring role.

The movie is about a teacher from British Guiana who deals with social issues of problematic, undisciplined and anarchic students in a run-down school in the East End of London.

The movie was internationally very successful at the box office, and made $42,432,803 at the box office out of a movie budget of $640,000. It was the sixth highest grossing movie of 1967 in the United States.

"To Sir, with Love" got very positive reviews, as many movie critics and moviegoers enjoyed it. "To Sir, with Love" holds an 89% "Fresh" rating on the movie review website Rotten Tomatoes based on 28 reviews. 

The movie ranked number 27 on "Entertainment Weekly"s list of the 50 Best High School Movies.

Poitier especially benefited from that movie's success, considering he agreed on only $30,000 for his movie role in exchange for 10% of the box office and thus earned more than $4,200,000, which was one of the most impressive payoffs in movie history. 

The novel's author E. R. Braithwaite hated the movie, particularly because the novel's interracial relationships and racial issues were not included in the movie's screenplay, although the royalties from the movie made him wealthy.

The movie's title song "To Sir with Love", sung by Lulu, peaked at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States for five weeks in the autumn of 1967 and ultimately was the best-selling single in the United States of that year.


Oberneukirchen

Oberneukirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Obertaufkirchen

Obertaufkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Polling, Mühldorf

Polling is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Inn.

Rattenkirchen

Rattenkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Rechtmehring

Rechtmehring is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Reichertsheim

Reichertsheim is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Schönberg, Upper Bavaria

Schönberg is a municipality in Mühldorf in Upper Bavaria, Bavaria, Germany.

Schwindegg

Schwindegg is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Taufkirchen, Mühldorf

Taufkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Hitler (name)

Hitler is a Germanic name mostly used as a surname. It is strongly associated with the Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler.



Amy K. LeBlanc

Amy K. LeBlanc is a biologist and a veterinarian from America. 

LeBlanc graduated from Michigan State University. She also has a certificate from the American College of Veterinary Internal Medicine.

She is a senior scientist in the molecular imaging program. She is also a director of the Comparative Oncology Program at the National Cancer Institute.

She was an associate professor at the University of Tennessee College of Medicine and College of Veterinary Medicine. She was a part of a group of LeBlanc scientists at the University of Tennessee published the first comprehensive studies describing molecular imaging of dogs and cats using PET-CT.

LeBlanc is a board-certified veterinary oncologist and senior scientist in the molecular imaging program at the National Cancer Institute (NCI).

Unterreit

Unterreit is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Zangberg

Zangberg is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Zangberg is in the region Southeast-Upper Bavaria (Südostoberbayern) at the northern part of the valley of the river Isen.
There are two local subdistricts: Weilkirchen, Zangberg.

The municipality of Zangberg has the following local districts: Atzging, Emerkam, Englhör, Hausmanning, Herrnteisenbach, Kaps, Kröppen, Landenham, Moos, Moosen, Palmberg, Permering, Stegham, Taubenthal, Weiher and Weilkirchen.

Aresing

Aresing is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Berg im Gau

Berg im Gau is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Bergheim, Bavaria

Bergheim is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality has 3 divisions.


Marlon Mustapha

Suliman-Marlon Mustapha (born 24 May 2001) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Como.

He started his career with Nußdorfer AC and Red Star Penzing in Vienna. Then he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18. 2018 he played for Mainz 05 II. In 2021, Mustapha was sent on loan to Austrian side Admira Wacker from Mainz 05 in the German Bundesliga. On 24 July 2021, he debuted for Admira during a 1-1 draw with WSG Tirol.
Mustapha debuted in October 2018 versus Switzerland in the U18 team, in October 2019 he played the first time for the U19 team versus Wales, in October 2021 he debuted for the U21 versus Estonia.

Brunnen, Bavaria

Brunnen () is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

David Waltner-Toews

David Waltner-Toews (born 1948) is a veterinarian and a specialist in the epidemiology from Canada. He is also an essayist, fiction writer and poet.

He is most famous for his work on animal and human infectious diseases. He helped in the development of eco-health teaching and training manuals for North America, Europe and Asia.

David Waltner also has published some of his books, such as ‘Ecosystem Sustainability and Health: a practical approach”, “One Foot in Heaven”, “Food, Sex and Salmonella: Why Our Food Is Making Us Sick”, “Good Housekeeping” and others.

In 2006, he became a winner of Best Regional Fiction and took the independent Publisher Book Awards, for One Foot in Heaven. In 2007 he became the finalist of the Canadian Science Writers' Association Book Award, for Chickens Fight Back. In 2014, he took a silver medal during the Independent Publisher Book Awards.


Burgheim

Burgheim is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany. It is a market town.

The municipality contains:

There is a municipality in the same district named Bergheim.


Ehekirchen

Ehekirchen is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Gachenbach

Gachenbach is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Karlshuld

Karlshuld is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Karlskron

Karlskron is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

It is within the Old Bavarian Donaumoos.

Königsmoos

Königsmoos is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

It is within the Old Bavarian Donaumoos.

Langenmosen

Langenmosen is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Rajai Muasher

Rajai Muasher ( "ʾRaja'i Al-Mu'asher") is a Jordanian politician. He was a minister in the seventies. He became president of Jordan Ahli Bank in 1997. 

Later he was appointed deputy prime minister in 2009 in the government of Samir Al-Rifai, and was also appointed as deputy prime minister in the government of Omar Al-Razzaz on June 14, 2018. 

My Dear Bootham

My Dear Bootham () is an 2022 Indian Tamil-language children fantasy comedy drama film film written and directed by N. Ragavan of Manjapai and Kadamban fame. It is produced by Ramesh P. Pillai under the banner of Abhishek Films. It stars Prabhu Deva as the title role with Ashwanth Ashokkumar. The film's music and score is composed by D. Imman, with cinematography by U. K. Senthil Kumar and editing done by San Lokesh.The film marks the third collaboration between Prabhu Deva and Remya Nambeesan after Mercury and Bagheera.

The film was released in theaters on July 15, 2022 and opened to positive reviews from critics and audiences with praised the social message and Prabhu Deva and Ashwanth's performance.

The movie starts in the genie world where the King of all, Karkimuki is sad he has no son for all these years. After praying to Lord Murugan, his wishes come true and he gets a son. He shows all of his love he supressed all these years and loves him unconditionally. One day, his son asks him to take him to the planet where Siddhars live and so Karkimuki takes him there. Accidentally, his son enters a deep burrow to hide from his father where he disturbs a Siddhar's thavam that has been continuing for a thousand years. An angry Siddhar wakes up and curses Karkimuki that he will sent to Earth as a statue and if he is released by someone, that someone has to say a mandaram for Karkimuki to return to the Genie World. 

Thirunavukarusu (Thiru) is an ordinary kid but he is a stammerer. Because of this, he gets bullied in school by his classmates. The teacher does not allow him to read out loud when it is his turn due to his stammering. The shopkeeper is impatient to listen to what Thiru wants to buy so asks him to write down whatever he wants. His mother does not listen either, but loves him dearly. 

One day on a school trip, Thiru is chased by a dog and falls in a ditch where he finds a doll and releases Karkimuki. Karkimuki refers to Thiru as Deivam and scares Thiru. Karkimuki follows Thiru home, only for Thiru to realise only he can see the genie. Eventually, they become friends and Thiru plays a joke on everyone that used to make fun of him. He asks all his wishes to Karkimuni and has fun. The teacher tells everyone there will be a speaking contest at school and Thiru wishes to participate but gets scared because of his stammer. He asks Karkimuki to get rid of his stammering and Karkimuni agrees. He starts speaking at the contest only to start stammering again. 

Thiru gets upset and cries on the stage, wetting his pants. His mom is helpless and comforts him. Thiru does not go to school for the next days and decides to stay at home. Thiru shouts at Karkimuki for tricking him and Karkimuki apologises saying genies have some rules they must never break such as never bringing someone from dead, never to stop time and to never to cure problems related to the mind. Karkimuki says Thiru has a problem related to his mind and not a condition. Thiru tells Karkimuki never to speak to him again. During a robbery, Karkimuki manages to save Thiru's mum so they become friends again. Karkimuki encourages him to ignore everyone and to go to school so he decides to go but promises his mom he will never do anything without telling his mom first. 

At school, there is another contest and Thiru manages to win first prize, shocking everyone who underestimated him. He hides this from his mom as he thinks she will get mad at him. Thiru asks Karkimuki what he wants and Karkimuki tells him everything that happened, bringing tears to Thiru. Thiru assures the genie he will say the mandaram and reunite him with his son. Day after day, he practices the mandaram but struggles. One day, as he is practicing his mom catches him and asks him what it is. He runs away but she hits him and asks him. Watching this, Karkimuki reveals himself to her and she gets scared. Karkimuki decides to go away as Thiru's mom is very scared. Later, Thiru shouts at his mom for sending the genie away as he was the only person who patiently listened to him and no one else listened including her. 

He runs up to the terrace to find Karkimuki slowly fading away. Thiru cries and gets angry trying to say the mandaram. He finally manages to say the mandaram and it opens a portal for him to go back to the genie world. As he is about to leave, a kite string out of nowhere flies across and slits Thiru's mom's throat, killing her. Karkimuki watches as Thiru cries over his dead mum and decides to bring her back to life which causes Karkimuki to die. Thiru and his mum hugs in tears. A final scene shows Thiru speaking on a stage without stammering.


Oberhausen (near Neuburg)

Oberhausen is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberhausen combines historic Oberhausen, Unterhausen, Sinning and Kreut.

Neighboring communities include Rennertshofen, Burgheim, Ehekirchen, Rohrenfels, Königsmoos and Neuburg an der Donau.

Bahnhof Unterhausen is the local train station.


Rennertshofen

Rennertshofen is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Rohrenfels

Rohrenfels is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Schrobenhausen

Schrobenhausen () is a town in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the River Paar about south-west of Ingolstadt and north-east of Augsburg.

Schrobenhausen is twinned with

Waidhofen, Bavaria

Waidhofen is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Weichering

Weichering is a municipality in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen in Bavaria in Germany.

Tareq Hammouri

Prof. Tareq Al-Hamouri, Jordanian politician and minister. He held the position of minister of industry trade and supply in the government of Omar Razzaz from June 14, 2018 to the year 2020.

Berching

Berching () is a town in Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany.

Italian tomato pie

Italian tomato pie is an Italian-American and Italian-Canadian baked good. It's a thick, focaccia-like bread covered with tomato sauce. It's sometimes sprinkled with romano cheese or oregano.

Samir Rifai

Samir Zaid al-Rifai (),a Jordanian politician and former prime minister. Born in Amman, he worked in several positions, including Secretary-General of the Royal Hashemite Court and Minister of the Royal Court. He also worked as CEO of Dubai Capital Company. Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jordan Dubai for Energy and Infrastructure Investments, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jordan Dubai for Financial Investments, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jordan Dubai Islamic Bank. He was also a member of the 26th Senate. 

Nox (platform)

NOX platform is used for network control application.

NOX was initially developed with Nicira Networks and also with OpenFlow. It is the first technology which one get first real name was OpenFlow. From 2008 is used in research community and till now it is used in various research projects.

NOX provides :

Application performance engineering

Application performance engineering is a method to develop and test application performance like setting, mobile computing, cloud and information technology. Performance engineering delivers consistent production performance results, allowing customers to deploy applications efficiently with more confidence and roll out high performing, stable software that fulfills user expectations. 

Before publishing a software, application performance engineering is used for software testing. It is the method of trying to do something as well as, or better than before. 


E-gree (app)

E-gree is a legal app known from 2020. It is the first app of this kind. Your secrets should stay a secret, your secret is legally protected.

The app was co-founded by Araz Mamet, Keith Fraser and Ilya Flaks. E-gree is an easy-to-use mobile app that features over 20 different contract templates for all kinds of situations, allowing people without a legal background to protect their ideas, assets, and intellectual property. Around 80% low income of United States individuals can not afford legal assistance. E-gree offers an affordable solution. This app received investment from number of notable people like Natalia Vodianova and companies.

Pop rap

Pop rap, also called hip pop, pop hip hop, melodic hip hop or melodic rap, is a blend of pop music with hip hop. In pop rap music, real hip hop elements are removed and hooks are used to achieve (or get) a friendly sound. Mixing beats and rhythms with powerful (strong) melodic hooks can often be found in their original forms of pop music. This genre became more popular in the 1990s, although pop rap influences and roots can be traced back to late 1980s hip hop artists such as Run-DMC, LL Cool J, and the Beastie Boys. The lyrics are often playful, with choruses similar to ears in pop music.

AllMusic describes pop rap as "a marriage of hip-hop beats and raps with strong melodic hooks, which are often presented as part of the chorus section in a standard pop song structure". Pop rap also tends to have less aggressive lyrics than street rap. Pop rap songs often contain pop-like lyrical content on themes of love and relationships.


Ágnes Roboz

Agnes Roboz ( 18 June 1926 Budapest - 23 March 2021) was a Hungarian choreographer, ballet master, and educator. She was awarded the Hungarian Silver Cross of Merit.

She was born in Budapest in 1926. She graduated in 1949 from the University of Theatre and Film Arts in Budapest. From 1950 and 1956, she was a member of the Budapest Operetta Theatre. From 1958 to 1960, she taught folk and character dance at the Palucca School in Dresden. She taught folk and character dance at the State Ballet Institute until 1971. After her husband's death in 1971, she taught Hungarian folk dance and dances of other peoples at the Conservatorium in The Hague.

For the next 35 years, she worked as a dance teacher at the Amsterdam Theatre Academy, Rotterdam college, the Royal Ballet School in London For fourteen years she was a teacher of the Summer Dance Course in Cologne. For fifteen years she taught at several summer courses around the world (United States, Chile, Italy, Denmark, Sweden, France, Finland) and regularly gave courses at the Hungarian Academy of Dance Arts. Her students included László Seregi, Ildikó Pongor and János Kiss, choreographer-ballet artists.

She choreographed for the Dutch National Ballet and several professional folklore ensembles. 

In 2008, she moved back to Hungary.

She won many awards for her work. They includeː Silver Cross of Merit of the Republic of Hungary (1995), the Pro Cultura Hungarica Prize (2001), the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Association of Hungarian Dance Artists (2006), and the title of Meritorious Artist (2008).

Selma Poutsma

Selma Poutsma (born 14 May 1999 in The Hague) is a Dutch speed skater. From 2014 to 2018 she competed for France.

She was 2014 Dutch junior long track speed skating champion. From 2014 she went to boarding school in Font-Romeu-Odeillo-Via, France. She was French junior champion four times, and one time senior (elite) champion (season 2017-2018).

She competed at the 2018 European Short Track Speed Skating Championships for France, winning a bronze medal in relay. 

Upon her return to the Netherlands in 2019, she competed in the 2021 European Short Track Speed Skating Championships winning two silver medals. In 2022 she became Olimpic Champion in the relay with the Dutch team.

Arjun Firoz Khan

Arjun Firoz Khan (born 9 January 1962) is an Indian actor, best known for playing the supporting character of Arjuna in B.R. Chopra's epic television series "Mahabharat (1988 TV series)". After finding success with this role, Firoz Khan changed his name to Arjun professionally. He has also acted in a number of Hindi language movies.

He was nominated for the Arjuna Award for playing the role of Arjuna in Mahabharata(1988 Television series).

Firoz Khan was born on 9 January 1962 into a Muslim family. He was a student of Smt. MMK College of Commerce and Economics, Mumbai. Later he went to Oxford University, England from where he completed his studies.

He is married to Kashmira. The couple has three children – a son and two daughters. His son, Jibran Khan is also an actor who played the role of Dhruva in Vishnu Puran and played the role of Krishna in Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...

He was nominated for the Best Supporting Role along with Sunil Lahri who was nominated for the role of Laxman
Best Supporting Role-Arjuna

Grizzly–polar bear hybrid

A grizzly–polar bear hybrid, also called a pizzly bear, is a rare hybrid of a polar bear and a grizzly bear. They exist both in captivity and in the wild. In 2006, the hybrid was confirmed by DNA testing of a strange-looking bear that was shot near Sachs Harbour, Northwest Territories on Banks Island in the Canadian Arctic.

Deep-fried pizza

Deep-fried pizza is a pizza that instead of being baked, is deep-fried. Deep frying pizza is popular in both Scotland and Italy, but the Scottish and Italian versions are different.

Berg, Upper Palatinate

Berg bei Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Berngau

Berngau is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Breitenbrunn, Upper Palatinate

Breitenbrunn is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Deining

Deining is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Dietfurt

Dietfurt is a town in Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany. The town is on the river Altmühl, and is 38 km west of Regensburg, 30 km north of Ingolstadt, and is 364 meters above sea level.

Dietfurt is known as the "Bavarian China" (, ), Chinese culture is the theme for Carnival in Dietfurt, and the city promotes other Chinese cultural activities such as courses in Qigong.


Freystadt

Freystadt is a town in Neumarkt in Bavaria. It is near the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal, 14 km southwest of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, and 33 km southeast of Nuremberg.

Hohenfels, Bavaria

Hohenfels (literally "High Cliffs") is a municipality in Neumarkt in Upper Palatinate () in Bavaria, Germany. The town is home to the United States Army Garrison Hohenfels, which operates the Joint Multinational Readiness Center for training NATO armed forces.



Lauterhofen

Lauterhofen is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Lupburg

Lupburg is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.


David Affengruber (footballer, born 2001)

David Affengruber (born 19 March 2001) is an Austrian professional footballer . He plays as defender for Sturm Graz.

David Affengruber started his career with the local club SC Wieselburg. He came to the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. Afterwards he played for the Salzburg Academy in all ranks. 2019 he went on to FC Liefering. 2021 he also played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. On 11 June 2021, he signed a three-year contract with Sturm Graz.
He played three matches for the Austrian U21 football national team.
Red Bull Salzburg Youth

FC Liefering
"Runner-up"
Red Bull Salzburg 

Mühlhausen, Upper Palatinate

Mühlhausen is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Sulz River valley.

The commune of Mühlhausen includes the following localities:

Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz

Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz (; Bavarian: "Naimakk in da Owerpfolz") is the capital of the Neumarkt district in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany.

Neumarkt is on the western edge of the Franconian Jura, settled in a valley. The municipal region reaches as far as the Bavarian Jura to the east. The Neumarkt valley releases to the north through the Schwarzach River, a tributary of the Regnitz, flowing into the Main, and to the south through the Sulz, a tributary of the Altmühl, which flows into the Danube. The Ludwig Canal cuts through the area from North to South. The elevation ranges from 406 meters on the Beckenmühle River to the north, to 595 meters in the quarter of Fuchsberg. The elevation of city hall is given as 423 meters.

The municipal region has an area of 73.09 km. The following municipalities, all of which belong to the Neumarkt district, border the district capital. They are named clockwise, beginning in the north: Berg, Pilsach, Velburg, Deining, Sengenthal, Berngau and Postbauer-Heng.

The center of the municipal area is the Old City and its borders. The first housing developments built outside the city walls began in 1850 to the east, along Mühlstraße, Mariahilfstraße, and Badstraße. To the south, the Industrial area developed beginning around 1920. After 1945, the city expanded to the north and west, and grew together with the municipalities of Woffenbach and Holzheim. Many other settlements developed around the city center, named, going clockwise from the north: Altenhof, Koppenmühle, Kohlenbrunnermühle, Mühlen, Wolfstein (at the site of the former Prison Work Camp), Weinberg, Schlosserhügel, and Hasenheide.

During the 1972 Municipality Reforms, nine municipalities were combined with the city, increasing the municipal area.

Namibia University of Science and Technology

The Namibia University of Science and Technology, also formerly known as Polytechnic of Namibia, is a public university located in the city of Windhoek, Namibia. Andrew Niikondo is its acting vice-chancellor.

It emerged from the "Academy for Tertiary Education", found in 1980 apartheid South West Africa, which was the first institution of higher education in the Republic of Namibia.
The Namibia University of Science and Technology is made up of two campuses and a number of former residential buildings all located in the Windhoek West suburb near the city centre. The main campus consists of structures originally built for the "Academy for Tertiary Education". At its center is the Elisabeth house, Windhoek's former obstetric hospital designed by Wilhelm Sander in 1907 German South West Africa. Elisabeth house is a national monument since 1986 and houses the Senate chambers and the office of the Vice-Chancellor. The "Engineering campus" is adjacent to the main campus, the construction of this area started in 1995.


Luan Rodrigues

Luan Rodrigues (born July 16, 1996) is a Brazilian footballer. He plays as a forward. He currently plays for Remo.

In 2015 he joined the Esporte Clube Comercial de Campo Grande team.

In 2017 he joined Novoperário Futebol Clube de Campo Grande .

In 2019 he joined Luverdense Esporte Clube de Lucas do Rio Verde .

In 2020 he joined Aquidauanense Futebol Clube de Aquidauana as a striker.

In 2021 he joined Sport Club São Paulo do Rio Grande do Sul as a striker, in December he announced his departure from the team.

In December 2021, it was announced that he would be hired by the Clube do Remo de Belém team for 2022 and as a striker .

Luan has also played for Clube de Esportes União ABC and also for Sport Club Gaúcho.

He played as top scorer in the 2019 Copa Verde de Futebol.


Bangladesh Armed Forces

The Bangladesh Armed Forces () are the combined military forces of the People's Republic of Bangladesh. It has three uniformed military services: the Bangladesh Army, the Bangladesh Navy and the Bangladesh Air Force.

The following are the various gallantry, service and war medals of the Bangladesh Armed Forces.



List of heads of state of Nigeria

This is a list of the heads of state of Nigeria, from independence in 1960 to the present day. The President of Nigeria is the current head of state and government.

Governor-General

Nicholas Donnelly (actor)

Nicholas Donnelly (1938 – January 2022) was a British actor. He was best known for his roles as "Grange Hill" as Mr. Craig MacKenzie]from 1985 to 1993, and as Sergeant Johnny Wills in police series "Dixon of Dock Green" from 1960 to 1976. He was born in London.

Donnelly died in January 2022, at the age of 83.


Deon Lendore

Deon Lendore (28 October 1992 – 10 January 2022) was a Trinidadian sprinter. Lendore won a silver medal in the 400 metres at the 2011 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships in Miramar, Florida. He was born in Arima, Trinidad. Lendore won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Lendore died in a car crash in Texas on 10 January 2022, at the age of 29.

Anatoly Alyabyev

Anatoly Nikolayevich Alyabyev (; 12 December 1951 – 11 January 2022) was a Soviet biathlete. He was born in Velsky District, RSFSR, Soviet Union. Alyabyev won two gold medals and a bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics. 

Alyabyev died from COVID-19 in Saint Petersburg, Russia on 11 January 2022, at the age of 70.

Ahmet Yılmaz Çalık

Ahmet Yılmaz Çalık (26 February 1994 – 11 January 2022) was a Turkish professional footballer. He played as a centre-back. His career lasted from 2005 until his death. He played for Gençlerbirliği, Galatasaray, Konyaspor, and the Turkey national team. Çalık played for the national team between 2015 until 2017 eight times.

Çalık died in a car crash in Ankara, Turkey on 11 January 2022 at the age of 27.

Daniel (2019 movie)

Daniel () is a 2019 Danish Finnish Swedish Norwegian Faroese biographical drama movie directed by Niels Arden Oplev and was based on the novel by Puk Damsgård. It stars Esban Smed, Anders W. Berthelsen, Toby Kebbell.

Acanthus (Spartan)

Acanthus the Lacedaemonian, was the winner in two footrace events, the diaulos and dolichos, in the ancient Olympic Games of 720 BC. He was also, according to some accounts, the first who ran naked in these games. Other accounts give credit to Orsippus the Megarian as the first to have done this.

Deebo Samuel

Deebo Samuel is a American football wide receiver who currently plays for the NFL’s San Francisco 49ers. He was drafted by the 49ers in the 2019 NFL Draft.

Lexicography

Lexicography is the study of lexicons. It is divided into two separate academic fields:


A person whose works are about lexicography is called a lexicographer.

Virtue ethics

Virtue ethics is an idea in philosophy. It is part of moral philosophy, which is ideas about right and wrong. Instead of telling people which things are good to do, virtue ethics tells people to become good on the inside. Then they will do good things because they are good people.

Virtue ethics talks about virtues, or good things to be. For example, courage, kindness, wisdom, and honesty are virtues. The virtue on the inside means the person does good things on the outside. For example, an honest person tells the truth and does not lie.

Virtue ethics also talks about "practical wisdom," or being wise in real life. A person needs practical wisdom to use their virtues in the real world. For example, people with the virtue honesty does not want to lie, and people with the virtue kindness don't want to hurt people's feelings. Sometimes telling the truth hurts people's feelings. An honest and kind person must use practical wisdom to tell when to tell the truth and when not to.

Virtue ethics says that people must practice to become virtuous. It says people can learn to be brave or wise by making good habits.

Virtue ethics is different from consequentialism and deontology. Consequentialism says an action is good if it causes good things to happen or stops bad things from happening. Deontology says an action is good if it follows the right rules.

In Western Civilization, Plato and Aristotle started virtue ethics. In Eastern Civilization, Confucius and Mencius did.

In the West, virtue ethics was the main form of ethics for more than one thousand years. In the Enlightenment, which started in the 1700s, people began to use other types of ethics more. Then virtue ethics came back in the 1950s. Anscombe wrote "Modern Moral Philosophy" in 1958.

Philosophers in other kinds of philosophy say virtue ethics has these problems:


Virtue ethics is on the television show "The Good Place".


Walincourt-Selvigny

Walincourt-Selvigny is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,148 people lived there.


André Aciman

André Aciman (; born 2 January 1951) is an Italian-American writer. He was born in Alexandria, Egypt. He is a professor at the Graduate Center of City University of New York. He is the author of "Call Me by Your Name".

Leslie Uggams

Leslie Marian Uggams (born May 25, 1943) is an American actress and singer. She was born in New York City. She is known as her role as Kizzy Reynolds in the television miniseries "Roots" (1977). She also appeared on the Broadway musical "Hallelujah, Baby!", winning a Tony Award in 1968.

Midori (violinist)

In 2007, Midori was appointed as a UN Messenger of Peace. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2012.

Xolo Maridueña

Romário Xolo Maridueña (; born June 9, 2001) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Miguel Diaz in the Netflix series "Cobra Kai", and as Victor Graham in the TV series "Parenthood". 

He will play Jaime Reyes / Blue Beetle in the future "Blue Beetle" DC Extended Universe movie.

Groping

Groping is intentionally touching someone else sexually, sometimes without that person's consent. Generally, the term has a negative connotation. In some countries, certain forms of groping count as sexual assault. Most countries consider it unacceptable behaviour. 

Note that if the other person wants to be touched, for example for a massage, or other sexual activity, this is not groping. A doctor touching the body as part of a medical examination is also not groping. Areas of the body most frequently groped include the buttocks, breasts, vulva and thighs on a woman, and the penis, testicles and buttocks on a man. Gropers might use their hands, but pressing any part of their body against another person can be considered groping.

The practice that customs officials touch other people in a search, for example at airports, is controversial. Usually, there are rules of how a person is to be searched. Very often, people are searched by officials of the same sex. 

Groping is often shown in pornographic movies.

Jacob Nena

Jacob Nena (October 10, 1941 – July 7, 2022) was a Micronesian politician. He was the fourth President of the Federated States of Micronesia from 1996 to 1999. 

Before becoming vice president and president, Nena was Governor of Kosrae from 1979 to 1983.

Nena died on July 7, 2022 in Sacramento, California at the age of 80.


Jerry O'Connell

Jeremiah O'Connell (born February 17, 1974) is an American-British actor, director and television presenter. 

He is known for his roles as Quinn Mallory in the television series "Sliders", Andrew Clements in "My Secret Identity", Vern Tessio in the movie "Stand by Me" (1986), Joe in "Joe's Apartment" (1996), Frank Cushman in "Jerry Maguire" (1996), Derek in "Scream 2" (1997), Charlie Carbone in "Kangaroo Jack" (2003), and Detective Woody Hoyt on the drama "Crossing Jordan".

In 2007, O'Connell married actress and former model Rebecca Romijn. Their twin girls were born in 2008.

O'Connell has dual American and British citizenship.

Summer Phoenix

Summer Joy Phoenix (née Bottom; born December 10, 1978) is an American actress, model and designer. Phoenix appeared in "Murder, She Wrote", "Growing Pains", and "Airwolf". She also appeared in the movies "The Laramie Project", "SLC Punk!", "Dinner Rush", "The Believer", and "The Faculty".

She is the youngest sister of actors River Phoenix, Rain Phoenix, Joaquin Phoenix, and Liberty Phoenix.

She became engaged to Casey Affleck in 2003 and their son was born in 2004. They were married in 2006 and had second son born in 2008. Affleck and Phoenix had separated in November 2015 and divorced in 2017.

Summer Phoenix is an American actress. Summer Phoenix is better known for , Girl, and The Faculty. She is the youngest sibling of the famous actor Joaquin Phoenix. Let's find out about the other Phoenix siblings: River Phoenix, Rain Phoenix, and Liberty Phoenix.


 at IMDb

Summer Phoenix at Rotten Tomatoes
John Mica

John Luigi Mica (born January 27, 1943) is an American businessman, consultant and Republican politician. He represented in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1993 to 2017. 

Mica voted in favor of all four articles of impeachment against President Bill Clinton in 1998.

He lost his re-election to Democrat Stephanie Murphy in the 2016 election.

He is a member of the Kennedy Center Board of Trustees and the Coast Guard Academy Board of Visitors.

Joseph Cao

Ánh Quang "Joseph" Cao ( ; ; born March 13, 1967) is a Vietnamese–American politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 2009 to 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is the first Vietnamese American and first native of Vietnam to serve in Congress.

Cao was the only Republican congressman to vote for the draft Affordable Health Care for America Act in November 2009. In 2010, he lost his re-election bid to Democrat Cedric Richmond.

In April 2011, Cao announced his candidacy for the office of Attorney General of Louisiana, but in September 2011 he dropped out of the race. In December 2015, he announced that he would run for the United States Senate in 2016. He came in 11th place.

Margrethe Vestager

Margrethe Vestager (; born 13 April 1968) is a Danish politician. She is a European Commissioner in the Ursula von der Leyen Commission. She is the Executive Vice President of the European Commission for A Europe Fit for the Digital Age since December 2019 and European Commissioner for Competition since 2014. 

Vestager is a member of the Danish Social Liberal Party.

Valdis Dombrovskis

Valdis Dombrovskis (born 5 August 1971) is a Latvian politician. He is the Executive Vice President of the European Commission for An Economy that Works for People since 2019 and European Commissioner for Trade since 2020. He was European Commissioner for Financial Stability, Financial Services and Capital Markets Union from 2016 to 2020 and Prime Minister of Latvia from 2009 to 2014.

Dombrovskis was Minister for Finance of Latvia from 2002 to 2004. He then was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the New Era Party from 2004 to 2009.

Alexander Prass

Alexander Prass (born 26 May 2001) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian Football Bundesliga club Sturm Graz and the Austria U21 national team.

He started his career with LASK and FC Pasching. 2012 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg where he played in the youth and the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2019 he went on to FC Liefering. He debuted on March 8th, 2019 versus Young Violets Austria Wien. In two and a half seasons he played 59 matches for Liefering and scored 12 goals. On 28 May 2021, he signed a three-year contract with Sturm Graz.

He debuted on October 9th 2018 for the Austrian U18 team versus Switzerland. On October, 11th he scored his first goal. October 2019 he debuted for the U19 team and in March 2021 he played his first match for the U21 team versus Saudi Arabia. 

Sturm Graz

Tai Tsun Wu

Tai Tsun Wu (simplified Chinese: 吴大峻; traditional Chinese: 吳大峻; pinyin: "Wú Dàjùn", September 1, 1933) is a Chinese-born American physicist.

he studied electrical engineering at University of Minnesota and He obtained an S.M. (1954) and Ph.D. (1956) in applied physics from Harvard University. At Harvard, he continued as Junior Fellow in the Society of Fellows (1956–59), joined the faculty of applied physics (1959) and he is currently the Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics & Professor of Physics.

Meiji Constitution

The Constitution of the Empire of Japan (Kyūjitai: 大日本帝國憲法; Shinjitai: 大日本帝国憲法, romanized: Dai-Nippon Teikoku Kenpō), known informally as the Meiji Constitution (明治憲法, Meiji Kenpō), was the constitution of the Empire of Japan which was proclaimed on February 11, 1889, and remained in force between November 29, 1890 and May 2, 1947. Enacted after the Meiji Restoration in 1868, it provided for a form of mixed constitutional and absolute monarchy, based jointly on the German and British models. In theory, the Emperor of Japan was the supreme leader, and the Cabinet, whose Prime Minister would be elected by a Privy Council, were his followers; in practice, the Emperor was head of state but the Prime Minister was the actual head of government of Japan.

AIRES Flight 8250

The accident of AIRES Flight 8250 occurred on August 16, 2010 on the runway of the Gustavo Rojas Pinilla International Airport in San Andrés, Colombia. The Boeing 737-700 with registration HK-4682 of the Colombian airline AIRES took off from the El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia and during landing under a strong electrical storm the plane lost control when it touched down meters before entering the runway. which caused the aircraft to split into three parts and remain in one of the airport's headwaters. Two people died and 114 more were injured.

The crew consisted of 6 people, Captain Wilson Gutiérrez (43), First Officer Camilo Piñeros Rodríguez (25), and 4 flight attendants.

The entity that governs the Civil Aviation of Colombia (Aerocivil) sent a commission made up of its director and several investigators and those responsible for the security of Aires to determine the causes of the accident. The Colombian Minister of Transportation, Germán Cardona Gutiérrez, also traveled to San Andrés to assess the damage and attributed the accident to bad weather conditions as a result of a strong electrical storm that fell on the island when the plane landed. However, after years of investigation with personnel from the same airline, it became known that days before the AIRES accident an aircraft of the same company had faced adverse weather conditions for landing on San Andrés Island. At that time, the flight had to go to its alternative airport in Panama, an action that had a strong economic impact at the time the airline passed through, which is why the pilots were under pressure from the airline to carry out the landing. According to the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), the failure of the human factor can not only come from the crew of an aircraft, but also from an external environment, as was the case with the AIRES accident.

The investigation concluded that the crash was caused by the misjudgement by the crew of the aircraft's altitude during the last phase of the approach.

The accident is featured in the fifth episode of Season 20 of "Air Crash Investigation," also known as "Mayday." The episode is titled "Runway Breakup".

Mukesh Khanna

Mukesh Khanna (born 23 July 1958) is an Indian actor and producer who works in Hindi films and television. He is known for his portrayal of Shaktimaan in Doordarshan's "Shaktimaan" and Bhishma in the Mahabharata. He was also the chairman of Children's Film Society, India, Children's Film Society India, from which he resigned in February 2018. He is the founder and director of MK Films. He is currently running "The Mukesh Khanna Show" on his own YouTube channel named "Bheeshm International".

Rahi Masoom Raza penned the script of the entire Mahabharata(TV series). Mukesh Khanna narrated an incident when Raza had to scold Firoz Khan. He said in an interview-"There was a scene in the Mahabharata after the Vastraharan sequence, when Arjuna comes to me and asks to avenge their insult. After that scene got shooted, Arjun went to Rahi Masoom Raza's office and complained that he has got very less dialogues in that conversation between Bhishma and Arjuna. All the dialogues Bhishma is speaking of 2-3 paragraphs whereas Arjuna has only 1-2 line dialogue. Firoz also complained that while shooting scenes and scripting dialogues, his role is always given less. So he went to Rahi Masoom Raza and asked to increase his dialogues and weightage. Firoz complained to Raza that even in the entry scene of all 106 brothers in Rangbhoomi, Karna spoke almost all dialogues whereas everyone else from above Bhishma,Kripa,Drona,Kunti,Gandhari and king Dhritarashtra said nothing but saw Karna speaking 2-3 paragraph dialogues continuously. Then Rahi Masoom Raza got angry at Firoz, he yelled at Firoz-"Who are you? You are not even the main character. He is Bhishma, the grandsire okay? The eldest of all, he will say paragraphs of dialogues and you will just stay mum. You are just a Pandava, you are not a king like Yudhisthira. You are just a warrior who is fighting for Yudhisthira's kingdom. Of your own, you don't have an identity, all is that you are the rival of Karna. Among Pandavas, only Yudhisthira speaks and all the rest Pandavas including Arjuna quietly listens, when Krishna comes then Yudhisthira also has to keep quiet and when both Karna and Krishna has to talk, then even Krishna has to listen. Karna is the ultimate hero of all, when he comes to speak, even Krishna and Yudhisthira has to listen. When Karna speaks in Rangbhoomi and like a hero enters and challenges the supremacy of Kurus, all the old leaders like Bhishma, Kripa, Drona, Dhritarasthra has to listen. So, who are you in front of these Hastinapur leaders?" After hearing scoldings of Rahi Masoom Raza, Firoz was almost crying. After that Raza tried to console him and told him to play the actual role of Arjun and not demand for more weightage in role. After that instance maybe Raza sir might have felt bad and after then tried to give more role to Arjun. Maybe after the Vastraharan episode, Arjuna's dialogues might have increased. It was not that big conflict, Firoz is a gem of a person and nobody else but he could play the role of Arjuna. Firoz's role was on 8th number in the credits sequences. " 

He currently runs an Youtube channel- Bheeshm International and has over 100,000 subscribers.

Loktak Folklore Museum

The Loktak Folklore Museum () or the Thanga Folklore Museum () is a folk museum in Thanga Island in the Loktak lake of Manipur, India. It cares for and displays a collection of artistic, cultural and historical artefacts associated with the Loktak lake. The museum preserves the folk customs and beliefs, folk medicines, folk literature associated with the Loktak lake.

In 2016, the Tongbram family led by Tongbram Amarjit took initiatives to establish the Loktak Folklore Museum () at Thanga Tongbram Leikai in Thanga, Bishnupur District of Manipur. 
The museum was inaugurated by Tongbram Mangibabu, the then Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) of Thanga Assembly Constituency in 2016. The inaugural event was presided by Dr. K. Sushila, Director of Art and Culture, Government of Manipur.

The collections of the Loktak Folklore Museum include the fishing kits used by the fishermen of early times, literatures on the Moirang Kangleirol scattered over the Thanga and adjacent regions. It also houses the paintings of the spiritual and the mortal beings as well as traditional handloom and handicraft weaving accessories.

Photography and videography are allowed inside the museum.

In October 2019, the Bangla Manipuri Poetry Festival was organised for 3 days (October 3-October 5) at various locations in Manipur. On the second day of the festival, the event was conducted in the Loktak Folklore Museum. The event was organised by the Library and Information Center (LIC), Kakching and Sahitya Thoupang Lup (Sathoulup), Imphal.

In 2021, the Kalen Art Exhibition was held at the Loktak Folklore Museum. The aim and the purpose of the art exhibition is to promote the cultural heritage and the significance of the Loktak lake.

Tongbram Amarjit, the founder of the Loktak Folklore Museum, said:
"Museum as we know, is the soul of human civilisation and we can't simply abandon the things of the past."

The Loktak Folklore Museum had planned to organize the "Kalen Art Exhibition" associated with the International Museum Day on May 18 of the year. However, due to the COVID pandemic, the planned event was postponed.

"Kalen" is the Meitei lunar month in which the Umang Lais are worshipped. It is during this time that the Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated across the state. In association with this, the Kalen Art Exhibition focussed to inspire the youths to explore the cultural heritage of the Loktak lake.


Bimetallic strip

A bimetallic strip is used to convert a temperature change into mechanical displacement. It is made of two strips of different metals which expand at different rates as they are heated. Usually steel and copper, or steel and brass are the metals used. The different expansions cause one of the strips to bend one way if heated, and the other strip to bend in the opposite direction if cooled. So when a bimetallic strip is heated the brass strip expands more than the steel. Bimetallic strips are used in such things as thermostats and heat engines.

Bending of a bi-metal strip due to change in the temperature can be calculated as 

s = α L2 dt / t         

where 

s = bending (m)
α = 13-19 x 10-6 K-1 

L = length of bimetallic strip (m) 

dt = temperature difference (oC) 

t = thickness of bimetallic strip (m)

Bending of Bi-metal strip:

A bi-metal strip with α = 13-19x10-6 K-1, length 50 mm and thickness 2 mm is heated 100 oC. The accurate calculation for this is; 

s = (13-19 x 10-6 K-1) ((50 mm) 1/1000 m/mm)2 (100 oC) / ((2 mm) (1/1000 m/mm))

El Biscella

"El Biscella" () is a song in Milanese dialect composed in 1969 by Giovanni D'Anzi and Alfredo Bracchi.

"Biscella" is a Milanese word derived from "bisc-bish", meaning hedgehog), a kind of bully who tries to intimidate people, but whose clumsy manners make him more comical than dangerous.

The song was performed also by Nanni Svampa and Gianni Magni. 


Blonde (movie)

Blonde is a 2022 American docudrama and biographical movie. Its subject is of the late Marilyn Monroe (earlier called Norma Jeane Mortenson). The movie is based on the same-named 2000 novel from Joyce Carol Oates. Monroe is performed by Ana de Armas. It was released in the United States by Netflix on September 16, 2022. The movie was nominated for 8 Golden Raspberry Awards, winning for Worst Picture and Worst Screenplay.

"Blonde" is a fictional account of the actress Monroe (June 1, 1926 – August 4, 1962).

Under the U.S.' Motion Picture Association of America, "Blonde" is officially rated NC-17 (no one seventeen and under admitted). The MPAA say that rating is related to sexual violence and content that the movie portrays.

Grandma pizza

Grandma pizza is a thin, rectangular style of pizza. It was created in Long Island, New York. It usually has cheese and tomato sauce on it. The pizza is sometimes compared to Sicilian Pizza.

Suweon tree frog

The Suweon tree frog ("Dryophytes suweonensis") is a frog that lives in Korea. It mostly lives in rice paddies. It lives north of the Chilgap Mountain Range. Most of these frogs live in South Korea but some live in North Korea.

The adult frog is 2.7 to 3.2 cm long from nose to rear end. This frog is green or brown most of the year but it turns bright green when it is time to find mates and lay eggs. It has a yellow stomach all year.

Unlike many other tree frogs, this frog looks for food during the day.

This frog is in danger of dying out. This is because human beings change the places where it lives by building cities, building farms, cutting down trees, and letting animals eat grass there. Chemicals meant to kill pests, chemicals that make plants row, and disease also kill this frog. Human beings also brought other frogs to the area, and those other frogs sometimes take too much of the food.

Parsberg

Parsberg is a town in Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany. It is 23 km southeast of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, and 33 km northwest of Regensburg, next to the A3 autobahn, the main route from Nuremberg to Regensburg (and then on into Austria). It was formerly the seat of the Counts of Parsberg, whose coat of arms is now used by the town.


Pilsach

Pilsach is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Postbauer-Heng

Postbauer-Heng is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Pyrbaum

Pyrbaum is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Sengenthal

Sengenthal is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Seubersdorf

Seubersdorf is a municipality in Neumarkt in Bavaria in Germany.

Call of Duty: Vanguard

Call of Duty: Vanguard is a first-person shooter video game developed by Sledgehammer Games and published by Activision. It is the eighteenth installment in the overall "Call of Duty" series. "Vanguard's" storyline is about the creation of special forces to fight an emerging threat at the end of World War II.

Velburg

Velburg is a town in Neumarkt in Bavaria, Germany. It is 17 km southeast of Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz, and 39 km northwest of Regensburg.

Sandro Ingolitsch

Sandro Ingolitsch (born 18 April 1997) is an Austrian football player. He plays for Sturm Graz.

Sandro Ingloitsch started his career with SK Bischofshofen and USK Anif. In 2011 he went to the FC Red Bull Salzburg football academy, where he played in all teams. In 2015 he was captain of the U18 team winning the Austrian Championship. 2015/16 and 2016/17 he played in the UEFA Youth League squad of FC Red Bull Salzburg. In the 2017 final match he was captain of the team. He made his Austrian Football First League debut for FC Liefering on 29 May 2015 in a game against SV Mattersburg. 2017 he went on to SKN St. Pölten. On 5 August 2020 he signed with Sturm Graz. On 21 March 2021 he suffered a serious injury in the knee and could not play a long time.
Ingolitsch played for Austrias U17, U18, U19 and U21 national team. With the U19 team he qualified for the U19 European Championship 2016 in Germany.
His older brother Fabio is a football manager who currently manages the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy in Salzburg. Before that he was assistance coach with FC Liefering.

Bad Windsheim

Bad Windsheim is a small town in Bavaria, Germany. It is in Neustadt an der Aisch-Bad Windsheim, west of Nuremberg.


DICE (company)

EA Digital Illusions CE AB (DICE) is a Swedish video game developer. Electronic Arts has been its parent company since 2006.

The company was founded in 1992 by Olof "Olle" Gustafsson, Markus Nyström, Fredrik Liljegren and Andreas Axelsson.
It released such products as Battlefield, Mirror's Edge and Star Wars Battlefront series. DICE also develops the Frostbite game engine.
In 2000, DICE acquired the developer Refraction Games (developers of Codename Eagle).

Electronic Arts (EA) announced one of their intent to purchase all outstanding shares in DICE in November 2004 and in March 2006.

In 2020 DICE had 714 employees.


Gary Waldhorn

Gary Waldhorn (3 July 1943 – 10 January 2022) was an English actor and comedian. He was known for his roles in British television and theatre. He appeared as Richard Beamish in "All at No 20", Lionel Bainbridge in "Brush Strokes" and Councillor David Horton in "The Vicar of Dibley".

Waldhorn died on 10 January 2022, at the age of 78.

José Curiel

José Curiel (22 March 1937 – 8 January 2022) was a Venezuelan politician. He was a member of Copei. He was Governor of Falcón from 1996 to 2000. He was born in Coro, Venezuela.

Curiel died at a hospital in Caracas, Venezeula on 8 January 2022 from lung cancer, at the age of 84.

Guy Sajer

Guy Mouminoux (13 January 1927 – 11 January 2022), known by the pseudonym Guy Sajer, was a French writer and cartoonist. He was best known as the author of the Second World War memoir "The Forgotten Soldier" (1965). It talked about his experience serving in the Wehrmacht on the Eastern Front from 1942 to 1945. He also under worked under the pen names Dimitri, and Dimitri Lahache.

Sajer died on 11 January 2022, two days before his 95th birthday.

Luis Castañeda

Óscar Luis Castañeda Lossio (June 21, 1945 – January 12, 2022) was a Peruvian politician and lawyer. He was Mayor of Lima from 2003 to 2010. He became Mayor of Lima again in 2015, for a term that lasted until 2018. He ran for President of Peru twice, in the 2000 and 2011. Castañeda was born in Chiclayo, Peru.

Castañeda was an Independent from 2020 until his death. Before, he was a member of the National Solidarity, the party he founded in 1998. He was the party's president from its founding until he resigned in 2020.

He was under investigation in 2019 for alleged corruption as people accused him of taking bribes while he was Lima's mayor. On February 14, 2020, he was ordered 24 months of preventive detention.

Castañeda died on January 12, 2022 at a hospital in Lima from cardiopulmonary arrest, aged 76.

Baudenbach

Baudenbach is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Burgbernheim

Burgbernheim is a town in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is southwest of Bad Windsheim, and northeast of Rothenburg ob der Tauber.

Burghaslach

Burghaslach is a municipality and a market town in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Franconia in Bavaria, Germany.

Neighbouring municipalities to Burghaslach are Geiselwind, Schlüsselfeld, Vestenbergsgreuth, Markt Taschendorf, Scheinfeld and Oberscheinfeld.

Burghaslach is between Würzburg and Nürnberg. It is accessible by slip road 77 of the Bundesautobahn 3

The municipality has the following 16 districts: 

The name "Burghaslach" comes from the German "Burg" what means castle and Haslach, a local river.

Breitenlohe

Breitenlohe is a part of the city Burghaslach, Bavaria, Germany. Breitenlohe is part of Neustadt an der Aisch-Bad Windsheim.



Dachsbach

Dachsbach is a market town and municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim, in Middle Franconia in northern Bavaria in Germany.

Dachsbach is in the valley of the Aisch. The borough Rauschenberg is on the southern hills of the Steigerwald. The neighbouring municipalities are (from the north in clockwise direction): Uehlfeld, Weisendorf, Gerhardshofen and Gutenstetten. The municipality has five boroughs: Arnshöchstädt, Traishöchstädt, Göttelbrunn, Oberhöchstädt and Rauschenberg with Ziegelhütte.


Diespeck

Diespeck is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Dietersheim

Dietersheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Emskirchen

Emskirchen is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Chief operating officer

A chief operating officer (COO), also referred (talked to as) to as a chief operations officer, is one of the most important people in an organization, responsible for making sure that the company they work for is in good condition. The Chief Operating Officer is often the second-in-command at the organization. The Chief Executive Officer is often in control of the organization, and they often are the founder of the organization itself. The COO often reports to their boss, the CEO.

Unlike the CEO position, which is generally thought of as the most important person in an organization, the COO position's name and job description (something described) is usually linked to what the CEO's job is. The selection of a COO is similar to electing a person like the Vice President or Speaker of the House: the more power and responsibility the position holds, the more experience and trust required to get hired to be a COO. There can be more than one COO in a company, such as a company which supplies roofing tiles, or an organization that makes clothes. Companies that make or refine goods naturally need more COO positions.

The term "President and CEO" is often heard in companies, but the person who uses this term is usually a CEO. COOs often use the "vice-president" term to describe themselves. The position of "President" is still below the CEO position.

Ed Perlmutter

Edwin George Perlmutter (born May 1, 1953) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 2007 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the Colorado state senator from 1995 to 2003. 

On January 10, 2022, he announced he would not run for re-election in 2022.

Bob Beauprez

Robert Louis Beauprez (; born September 22, 1948) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was chairman of the Colorado Republican Party from 1999 to 2002. He was then elected to represent Colorado's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives, and served from 2003 to 2007. 

He ran for Governor of Colorado in the 2006 election but lost to Democratic nominee Bill Ritter. 

He was the Republican nominee for governor again in the 2014 election, but lost to Democratic Governor John Hickenlooper.

Bill Ritter

August William Ritter Jr. (born September 6, 1956) is an American politician and lawyer. He was the 41st Governor of Colorado from 2007 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the district attorney for Denver.

Ritter was the first Colorado-born person to be elected as Governor of Colorado since 1975. Ritter did not run for a second term in 2010. 

Lafayette, Colorado

The City of Lafayette () is a home rule municipality in southeastern Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 30,411 at the 2020 United States Census.

Stjepan Lamza

Stjepan Lamza (23 January 1940 – 12 January 2022) was a Yugoslav-born Croatian footballer. He was seen as one of the greatest Croatian players of all time. He played for much of his career for Dinamo Zagreb. He made seven appearances for Yugoslavia national team between 1963 until 1967.

Lamza died on 12 January 2022 in Zagreb, Croatia from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 81.

Iraj Pezeshkzad

Iraj Pezeshkzad (, "Iraj Pezeškzâd", 29 January 1927 – 12 January 2022) was an Iranian writer and translator. He was known for his Persian novel "Dā'i Jān Napoleon" ("Dear Uncle Napoleon"). He was born in Tehran, Iran.

Pezeshkzad died on 12 January 2022 in Los Angeles, California.


George O. Wood

George O. Wood ( – January 12, 2022) was an American Pentecostal minister. From 2007 until 2017, he was General Superintendent of the General Council of the Assemblies of God in the United States of America (AG). He was Chairman of the World Assemblies of God Fellowship from 2008 until his death. Wood was born in China to missionary parents and raised in Pasadena, California.

Wood died on January 12, 2022 from pancreatic cancer in Springfield, Missouri at the age of 80.

Greater Napanee

Greater Napanee is a town in southeastern Ontario, Canada. It is west of Kingston and the county seat of Lennox and Addington County.

Rutabaga

Rutabaga or swede is a root vegetable, a form of Brassica napus. Other names include Swedish turnip, neep and trump – however, elsewhere the name "turnip" usually refers to the related white turnip. The species Brassica napus originated as a hybrid between the cabbage and the turnip.

Turnips are Brassica rapa and rutabagas are Brassica napobrassica. ... Rutabagas have a rough exterior that is normally coated in wax. The inside of a turnip is white, while the inside of a rutabaga is yellow. When cooked, turnips turn almost a translucent white, while rutabaga turns into more of a mustard yellow.

Rutabagas likely originated as a cross between turnips (Brassica rapa, variety rapa) and wild cabbage (Brassica oleracea) and are thought to have been first bred in Russia or Scandinavia in the late Middle Ages. ... The rutabaga is a cool-season crop and requires a long growing season owing to its slow growth.

Ergersheim, Middle Franconia

Ergersheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim, Middle Franconia. Administrative offices are in Uffenheim.



Gallmersgarten

Gallmersgarten is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Gerhardshofen

Gerhardshofen is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Middle Franconia in northern Bavaria in Germany.

Gerhardshofen is in the valley of the Aisch. The neighbouring municipalities are (from the north in clockwise direction): Dachsbach, Weisendorf, Oberreichenbach, Emskirchen, Diespeck and Gutenstetten. The municipality has 13 boroughs: Altenbuch, Birnbaum, Eckenhof, Emelsdorf, Forst, Göttelhöf, Kästel, Kleehof, Linden, Rappoldshofen, Sintmannsbuch, Vahlenmühle and Willmersbach.

Nikita Dragun

Nikita Nguyen (born January 31, 1996) known professionally as Nikita Dragun, is an American YouTuber, make-up artist, and model.

Nikita Dragun was born in Belgium and went to high school in Virginia. She is of Vietnamese and Mexican descent. She came out as a trans woman when she was a teenager. In several of Dragun's YouTube videos, she has spoken openly about her transition.

Dryophytes flaviventris

The yellow-bellied tree frog ("Dryophytes flaviventris") is a frog that lives in Korea.

Gollhofen

Gollhofen is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Gutenstetten

Gutenstetten is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Hagenbüchach

Hagenbüchach is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Hemmersheim

Hemmersheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Illesheim

Illesheim, founded 1283 AD, is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany. Also known locally as "Illesa". It is 6 kilometers west of Bad Windsheim and 11 kilometers east of the A7 motorway.

Ippesheim

Ippesheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Selenicereus megalanthus

Selenicereus megalanthus, OR yellow dragon fruit, is a fruit. It grows in South America. The fruit grows on a cactus plant. Yellow dragon fruits have thorns, unlike red dragon fruits.

Ipsheim

Ipsheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Langenfeld, Bavaria

Langenfeld is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Markt Bibart

Markt Bibart is a market town and municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Markt Erlbach

Markt Erlbach is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Ethiopia–United States relations

Ethiopia–United States relations are bilateral relations between Ethiopia and the United States. Ethiopia is an important partner of the United States in the Global War on Terrorism. The United States is the largest donor to Ethiopia. In 2008 U.S. foreign aid to Ethiopia was US$969 million. 

The United States of America and the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia diplomatic relations has gone through decades and through multiple regime changes and billions of dollars of support. Since a new Prime Minister has entered the U.S attitude towards Ethiopia has drastically changed. The U.S government during the Ethiopian Peoples' Revolutionary Democratic Front (TPLF) period supported the dictator regime and ignored its human rights violations according to reports. 

President Bush had a strong relationship with Meles Zenawi. The Bush administration didn't care about Meles's abuses and the human rights violations nor tried to make Ethiopia a freer society but only diplomacy mattered for the horn of Africa and the Bush administration's interests.

Barack Obama visited Ethiopia in 2015 as the first sitting U.S President ever to do so. But the visit included Obama's remarks on human rights. The President praised progress made in education, infrastructure and the economy. He said the government was democratically elected. But he also criticized the lack of democracy and leaders who refuse to step off, and discrimination against minorities. Obama had stayed in the city for a 2-day state visit

The U.S under the Abiy admin has had poor U.S relations. It was from the start of receiving the Nobel Peace Prize when President Trump criticized Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed being awarded the Prize. Abiy responded and said the decisions were up to the Nobel committee and not him and he should have the problem with the Nobel committee. In 2020 the U.S president said it's a very dangerous situation because Egypt is not going to be able to live that way". He was referring to the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam on the Blue Nile. The President said Egypt would “blow up” the 5-billion-dollar dam. The Ethiopian government showed its huge disapproval. Later on, sanctions were imposed on the country for not allowing Egypt to have the upper hand on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam Project, but in 2023 these sanctions stopped. Ethiopia was allowed to get aid again. 

Under Joe Biden the U.S State Department designated Ethiopia as an unsafe country. This was due to civil unrest and armed conflicts which are mostly in the north and hundreds of miles outside of the capital Addis Ababa. There were many calls for cease fire in the worn torn north of the country. The government of Ethiopia said they will not negotiate with terrorists. Biden in January the 11th made his first call with Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed and exchanged views on the war in the northern region of the country. People have also aligned Biden with supporting the TPLF. 


Markt Nordheim

Markt Nordheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Franconia in Germany.

Markt Taschendorf

Markt Taschendorf is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Marktbergel

Marktbergel is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Münchsteinach

Münchsteinach is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Romano cheese

Romano cheese is a type of hard, salty cheese that is easy to grate with a cheese grater. It's named after the Italian cheese Pecorino Romano. Along with Parmesan, Romano cheeses are usually grated over pasta. Note that Romano mainly refers to cheese produced in the United States or Canada. Pecorino Romano is a genuine Italian cheese, and there are specific regulations as to how and where it can be made. These rules do not apply to Romano cheese.

Neustadt an der Aisch

Neustadt an der Aisch (officially: "Neustadt a.d.Aisch") is a small town in the northern part of Bavaria (Germany), within the Franconian region Middle Franconia.
It is the district town of the district Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim.



Oberickelsheim

Oberickelsheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Obernzenn

Obernzenn is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberscheinfeld

Oberscheinfeld is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Simmershofen

Simmershofen is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Sugenheim

Sugenheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria, Germany.
The municipality has the following eleven villages:

Trautskirchen

Trautskirchen is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Uehlfeld

Uehlfeld is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in the region of Middle Franconia in northern Bavaria in Germany.

Uehlfeld is in the valley of the . The neighbouring municipalities are (from the north in clockwise direction): Lonnerstadt, Höchstadt an der Aisch, Weisendorf, Dachsbach, Gutenstetten, Münchsteinach and Vestenbergsgreuth. The municipality has 12 boroughs: Demantsfürth, Egelsbach, Eselsmühle, Gottesgab, Hohenmühle, Nonnenmühle, Peppenhöchstädt, Rohensaas, Schornweisach, Tragelhöchstädt, Voggendorf und Wallmershof.

Uffenheim

Uffenheim is a city in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 14 km west of Bad Windsheim, and 36 km southeast of Würzburg. 

Uffenheim has 13 divisions:

Weigenheim

Weigenheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wilhelmsdorf, Bavaria

Wilhelmsdorf is a village in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wilhelmsdorf should not be mistaken for Wilhermsdorf, a village 15 km away.



Tim Paumgartner

Tim Paumgartner (born 5 March 2005) is an Austrian footballer.He plays for FC Liefering as midfielder. He also plays for FC Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League 2021/22.

He started football with his local clubs FC Puch and SV Kuchl. 2017 he came to the Red Bull Academy where he played in all ranks. Tim Paumgartner made his professional debut for FC Liefering on the 15 October 2021. He came in for Justin Omoregie during a 2–0 home 2. Liga win against Juniors OÖ.

While playing for Liefering he was the youngest player of the league. He also played for FC Salzburg's under-19 who won their group.


Altenstadt an der Waldnaab

Altenstadt an der Waldnaab is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Waldnaab, southeast of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, and north of Weiden in der Oberpfalz. Bundesautobahn 93 (Regensburg - Hof) passes west of Altenstadt. It has a railway station on the Weiden–Oberkotzau railway.

Bechtsrieth

Bechtsrieth is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.

Eslarn

Eslarn is a market town and municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.

The neighbouring communities clockwise: Waidhaus, Rozvadov, Třemešné, Bělá nad Radbuzou, Schönsee, Oberviechtach, Moosbach (Oberpfalz) and Pleystein.

Etzenricht

Etzenricht is a municipality in the Upper Palatinate, ca. southeast of Weiden in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.

Floß

Floß is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Floß has 35 official named districts.:

Flossenbürg, Bavaria

Flossenbürg (Northern Bavarian: "Flossenbirch") is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany. The state-approved "leisure area" is in the Bavarian Forest and borders Bohemia (the Czech Republic) in the east. During World War II, the Flossenbürg concentration camp was here.

Georgenberg, Neustadt

Georgenberg is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany, on the border with the Czech Republic.

Grafenwöhr

Grafenwöhr (, Northern Bavarian: "Groafawehr") is a town in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in the Upper Palatinate () in eastern Bavaria, Germany.


Irchenrieth

Irchenrieth is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.

Kirchendemenreuth

Kirchendemenreuth is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany. It includes the village (Dorf) of Steinreuth.

Kirchenthumbach

Kirchenthumbach is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Kohlberg, Bavaria

Kohlberg is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab] in Bavaria, Germany. It is c. southwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz and c. northeast of Hirschau.

Fairfax, Missouri

Fairfax is a city in Atchison County, Missouri, United States.

INA War Museum

The INA War Museum () or the Indian National Army War Museum () is a WWII museum in Moirang, Manipur. It is the only official WWII museum in Manipur though many other WWII museums are opened in the state. This museum is situated inside the INA Memorial Complex. The museum focuses primarily on the rise of the Indian National Army and the contributions of Subhash Chandra Bose to the Indian independence movement. This museum is the only official museum dedicated to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.

Moirang is the first place in Indian soil where the Indian national tricolour flag was hoisted. It was in this place where the INA War Museum and the INA Martyrs' Memorial Complex were developed. The INA War Museum was established in the year 1985. It was in tribute to Subhash Chandra Bose for his roles in the Indian Freedom Struggle.

The Indian National Army War Museum displays artefacts and relics of WWII found from various locations in Manipur. These relics dating back to 1944 include arms and ammunition, bayonets, helmets and other documents. It also displays hundreds of photographs of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose and the INA, maps, insignia, currency notes, Netaji's letters, INA badges and Japanese amulets.

The INA museum exhibits a gallery of historical personalities of Manipur including Manipuri soldiers in the Indian National Army.


Tarkio, Missouri

Tarkio is a city in Atchison County, Missouri, United States.

Westboro, Missouri

Westboro is a city in Atchison County, Missouri, United States.

Farber, Missouri

Farber is a city in Audrain County, Missouri, United States.

Laddonia, Missouri

Laddonia is a city in Audrain County, Missouri, United States.

Martinsburg, Missouri

Martinsburg is a city in Audrain County, Missouri, United States.

Frontier, North Dakota

Frontier is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Gardner, North Dakota

Gardner is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Harwood, North Dakota

Harwood is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Hunter, North Dakota

Hunter is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Kindred, North Dakota

Kindred is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Leonard, North Dakota

Leonard is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Mapleton, North Dakota

Mapleton is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

North River, North Dakota

North River is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Oxbow, North Dakota

Oxbow is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Page, North Dakota

Page is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Prairie Rose, North Dakota

Prairie Rose is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

Reile's Acres, North Dakota

Reile's Acres is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

West Fargo, North Dakota

West Fargo is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.

INA Martyrs' Memorial Complex

The INA Martyrs' Memorial Complex () is a war memorial complex in Moirang, Manipur. It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Indian National Army. It was built at Moirang where the Indian tricolor flag was first hoisted in the soil of India. 
The main feature of the complex is the replica of the INA's memorial in Singapore before its demolition by British Indian Army in 1945. The complex also houses the legendary INA War Museum along with a library and an auditorium. 

The life-size statue of Subhas Chandra Bose stands inside the complex. Work on the cenotaph itself began in October 1968 and was completed in September 1969. The complex was unveiled by Indira Gandhi, the then prime minister of India. Work on expanding the monument complex to present-day size was completed in 2005. The total cost in building the memorial was Rs 6.23 crores. A stone monument was also erected at the historic Moirang Kangla. It is the place where Colonel Shaukat Malik raised the flag of Azad Hind in April 1944. The Government of Manipur administered the site since 1985. Close to the complex is the peace memorial at the Red Hills (Maibam Lokpa Ching), raised by the Government of Japan.


Sandro-Luca Molnar

Sandro-Luca Molnar (born 23 August 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as defender for 2. Liga (Austria) club Liefering.
Molnar started his youth career with the Styrian clubs SV Thal, Grazer AK and SK Sturm Graz. 2018 he came to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2021 he went on to FC Liefering in Austrias Second League.
Molnar played for Austrias U15 and U17 national team.

Nene Dorgeles

Nene Dorgeles (born 23 December 2002) is a Malian professional footballer. He plays as an attacking midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club SV Ried. Dorgeles is on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.

Dorgeles started his career with FC Guidars and JMG Academy Bamako. On 4 January 2021 Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg signed him together with Mamady Diambou and Daouda Guindo. All three became cooperation players at Liefering. He debuted on 12 February 2021 in Liefering's 3–1 league win against Austria Lustenau. In January 2022 he went on to SV Ried on loan for the rest of the 2021-22 season.

Ecnomiohyla miliaria

Cope's brown tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla miliaria") is a frog that lives in Honduras, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua. Scientists also saw it in Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 1300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog can be 57.2 to 106.0 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists caught one adult female frog. She was 69.7 mm long. It is a mixture of brown, green, and orange in color.

Scientists do not know much about what this frog does. But they can guess by looking at the frog's body. Scientists believe this frog lives in trees because it has disks on its toes just like the ones that other tree frogs use to climb. They also believe this frog lives in trees because it has fringes of skin just like the ones other tree frogs use to glide in the air. Some scientists have seen this frog gliding.

Lock Up (1989 movie)

Lock Up is a 1989 American action prison movie directed by John Flynn and starring Sylvester Stallone, Donald Sutherland, John Amos, Tom Sizemore, Larry Romano, Frank McRae, Sonny Landham, Danny Trejo. It was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


John Stone (Australian politician)

John Owen Stone (born 31 January 1929) is an Australian politician. He is a member of the National Party. He was secretary of the Department of the Treasury from 1979 to 1984. He also served as a Senator for Queensland from 1987 to 1990.

Burns was born in Perth, Western Australia. He married Nancy Enid Hardwick in 1954. The couple had seven children.

Cynthia Rylant

Cynthia Rylant (born June 6, 1954) is an American author and librarian. She has written more than 100 children's books, including works of fiction, nonfiction, and poetry. Some of her books have won awards, including her novel "Missing May", which won the 1993 Newbery Medal, and "A Fine White Dust", which was a 1987 Newbery Honor book.

Himi, Toyama


According to Japanese census data,


Leuchtenberg

Leuchtenberg is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany, naturally a suburb of nearby Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and a larger historical region in the Holy Roman Empire governed by the Landgraves of Leuchtenberg.

Luhe-Wildenau

Luhe-Wildenau is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Mantel

Mantel is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany. It is known as a Markt, a town that was granted 'market rights'.

Moosbach, Bavaria

Moosbach is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Unrestricted submarine warfare

Unrestricted submarine warfare is a type of naval warfare. It was stared in February 1917 during the First World War. Germany began using a policy of submarine warfare in which they would sink all ships in war zone waters. This including both military and non-military ships. This policy affected British supplies.

Human rights in Sri Lanka

Human rights in Sri Lanka provides for Fundamental rights. The constitution states that every person is entitled to freedom thought, conscience and religion, including the freedom to have or to adopt a religion or belief of his choice. And, that every person is equal before the law.

Major human rights groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, as well as the United States Department of State and the European Union, have expressed concern about the state of human rights in Sri Lanka. British rule in Ceylon, the government of Sri Lanka and the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) as well as various other paramilitaries and marxist Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) rebels are accused of violating human rights. Although Sri Lanka has not officially practiced the death penalty since 1976, there are well-documented cases of state-sponsored 'disappearances' and murders.

Sri Lanka has not yet implemented anti-discrimination laws. It has not recognized transgender people, making it hard for them to get government cards and discrimination is also rampant.

Article 365 of the Sri Lankan Penal Code, which criminalizes same-sex sexual acts remains on the books, though reports have variously referred to it as rarely used However, human rights organizations have reported that police and government workers used the threat of arrest to assault, harass, and sexually and monetarily extort LGBTI individuals. Vigilante attacks, vigilante executions, torture, forced anal examinations, and beatings are also tolerated.

Elisabeth Kirkby

Elisabeth Wilma Kirkby (born 26 January 1921) is a British-born Australian actress, politician, broadcaster, writer and farmer. She is a member of the Australian Democrats. She served in the New South Wales Legislative Council from 1981 to 1998. She was also a councillor for Temora, New South Wales, from 1999 to 2004. She played Lucy Sutcliffe in the soap opera "Number 96".

Kirkby was born in Bolton, Lancashire. She served in the British Army during the Second World War. After the war, she worked as a radio broadcaster in Malaya for 15 years. She moved to Sydney in 1965.

In 2014, aged 93, Kirkby became Australia's oldest university graduate. She earnt a PhD at the University of Sydney. She turned 100 in 2021.

FRRouting

FRRouting also known as Free Range Routing is a routing application. It works on operating systems like Linux, Solaris, OpenBSD, FreeBSD and NetBSD. It was created as a fork of Quagga and is licensed GNU General Public License v2 (GPL2).

Southern Cameroons

Southern Cameroons was the southern part of the British-controlled territory of British Cameroons that existed from 1922 to 1961. Since 1961, Southern Cameroons is part of Cameroon, where it became the Northwest and Southwest regions of the country.

Since 1994, pressure groups in the former Southern Cameroons have been seeking to achieve independence from Cameroon. In December 1999, the Federal Republic of Ambazonia was declared by the Southern Cameroons Peoples Organization (SCAPO).

Imizu


According to Japanese census data,


Hugh Hiscutt

Hugh James Hiscutt (born 10 July 1926) is an Australian independent politician. He served as a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council for West Devon from 1983 to 1995.

Hiscutt was born in Burnie, Tasmania. His brother, Des, and niece, Leonie, also served in the Tasmanian Legislative Council.

Des Hiscutt

Desmond Miller Hiscutt (born 5 March 1933) is an Australian independent politician. He served as a member of the Tasmanian Legislative Council for West Devon from 1995 to 1997 and for Emu Bay from 1997 to 1999.

Hiscutt was born in Burnie, Tasmania. His brother, Hugh, and niece, Leonie, also served in the Tasmanian Legislative Council.

Ecnomiohyla fimbrimembra

The heredia tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla fimbrimembra") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 1500 meters above sea level in Costa Rica and between 1600 and 1700 meters above sea level in Panama.

The adult frog is a color between light purple and brown, with darker color on its mouth and yellow on its throat. Younger frogs are a mixture of brown, yellow, and green that looks like lichen. The frogs have large pieces of skin, called fringes, on its legs.

This frog lives in forests that have trees no more than 20 meters tall. They like forests with lots of water in the air, where epiphyte plants grow. Epiphytes are plants that do not have roots in the ground. They sit on taller plants instead.

As of the late 20th century, scientists did not know much about this frog. They had only ever seen one tadpole. They found it in a small hole in the ground in 1986.

Scientists think this frog can glide through the air using the skin from its fringes like wings. They have seen other frogs with fringes doing this, for example Cope's brown tree frog. Cope's brown tree frog is related to the heredia tree frog.

Tolgahan Sahin

Tolgahan Sahin (born 10 October 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Second League club Liefering. He also plays for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League.

He started his career with the youth team of SV Grün-Weiß Micheldorf. Then he came to LASK. From 2018 till 2021 he was in the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2021 he went on to FC Liefering.
Sahin played for the Austrian U15, U16, U17 and U18 national football team.

Rialda Kadrić

Rialda Kadrić (14 June 1963 – 25 January 2021) was a Yugoslavian actress, and journalist.

In 1979, she appeared in the film "It's Time to Love". She starred in 16 films. 

She graduated from the University of Belgrade and University of Sheffield. In 1986 she moved to London, where she studied English. In the early 1990s, she went to the United States. She worked as a reporter for the BBC and the Serbian edition of the Voice of America radio. 

She practiced psychotherapy in the UK, conducted medical practice with individual patients and gave advice on postpartum depression, psychological dependence, personality disorders and increased anxiety

She planned to take part in the sequel to the series "Mad Years", but her sudden death prevented this.

Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem

Dr. Fernando José de França Dias Van-Dúnem (born 24 August 1934) is an Angolan politician. He was the First Vice-President of the African Union's Pan-African Parliament. He is a member of the ruling Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA). He was Prime Minister of Angola twice during the 1990s.

Prime Minister of Angola

The prime minister of Angola was a high government official in Angola re-created by Angola's 1992 constitution with limited powers as head of government. It was abolished in 2010. 

! colspan=9| People's Republic of Angola

! colspan=9| Republic of Angola

Lopo do Nascimento

Lopo Fortunato Ferreira do Nascimento (born 10 July 1942) is an Angolan retired politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Angola from 11 November 1975 to 9 December 1978. He was Secretary-General of the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA). 

Marcolino Moco

Marcolino José Carlos Moco (born June 19, 1953) is an Angolan politician. He was the 3rd Prime Minister of Angola from December 2, 1992, until June 3, 1996.

Paulo Kassoma

António Paulo Kassoma (born 6 June 1951) is an Angolan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Angola in September 2008 until February 2010. Kassoma was President of the National Assembly of Angola from 2010 to 2012.

Dumitru Mazilu

Dumitru Mazilu (born 24 June 1934) is a Romanian politician. He had an important role in the Romanian Revolution of December 1989. He helped expose the human rights abuses of the Ceaușescu regime.

Petre Roman

Petre Roman (; born 22 July 1946) is a Romanian engineer and politician. He was Prime Minister of Romania from 1989 to 1991. He was also the president of the Senate from 1996 to 1999 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1999 to 2000.

Gérard Latortue

Gérard Latortue (19 June 1934 – 27 February 2023) was a Haitian politician and diplomat who served as the prime minister of Haiti from 12 March 2004 to 9 June 2006. He was an official in the United Nations for many years, and briefly served as foreign minister of Haiti during the short-lived 1988 administration of Leslie Manigat.
Latortue has three children. His daughter, Alexia, currently serves in the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Latortue died on 27 February 2023 in Boca Raton, Florida at the age of 88.

Mikio Aoki

Mikio Aoki (, Hepburn: ; 8 June 1934 – 11 June 2023) was a Japanese politician who served as the Chief Cabinet Secretary from 1999 to 2000, and was briefly Acting Prime Minister following Keizo Obuchi's coma. A member of the Liberal Democratic Party, he also served as the Chairman of the LDP in the House of Councillors. He studied at Waseda University but did not graduate.
Aoki died on 11 June 2023 three days after his 89th birthday.

Heng Samrin

Heng Samrin (; born 25 May 1934) is a Cambodian politician. He was the President of the National Assembly of Cambodia. Between 1979 and 1992, he was the "de facto" leader of the People's Republic of Kampuchea (1979–1989) and State of Cambodia (1989–1992) and General Secretary of the Kampuchean People's Revolutionary Party from 1981 to 1991. 

He has been a member of Parliament since 1993.

Britt Dekker

Britt Geertruida Dekker (born 24 February 1992 in Purmerend) is a Dutch dressage rider, presenter and vlogger.

In 2009, Dekker participated in the RTL 5 dating program "Take me out."

In April 2012, she co-hosted "Britt and Ymke and the mystery of... on" RTL 5. In it, Dekker and Wieringa went on a world trip and unraveled a mystery every week. 

In 2014, Dekker and Jochem van Gelder were presenters of the programme "Het beste idee van Nederland" (The best idea in the Netherlands). 

In 2018, Dekker and Ron Boszhard were presenters at "The battle" .

In 2018 and 2021 Dekker qualified for the Dutch Championships in dressage.

John Malecela

John Samuel Malecela (born 19 April 1934) is a Tanzanian politician. He was Prime Minister of Tanzania from November 1990 to December 1994. He was the vice-chairman of the CCM from 1995 to 2007.

Édouard Frank

Édouard Frank (born 5 April 1934) is a Central African lawyer and politician. He was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 15 March 1991 to 4 December 1992.

Henri-Marie Dondra

Henri-Marie Dondra (born 14 August 1966) is a Central African Republic politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 15 June 2021 to 7 February 2022. He was finance minister before becoming prime minister.

J. Y. Pillay

Joseph Yuvaraj Pillay (born 30 March 1934), also known as J. Y. Pillay, is a Singaporean politician and businessman. He was the Chairman of the Council of Presidential Advisers (CPA) from 2005 to 2019. He was Acting President of Singapore between 1 September 2017 until 13 September 2017.

A&amp;E Networks

A&E Networks (stylized as A+E NETWORKS) is an American multinational broadcasting company. It is owned by the Hearst Communications and The Walt Disney Company.

The company owns many non-fiction and entertainment-based television brands, including A&E, History, Lifetime and FYI.

Jana Bennett

Jana Eve Bennett OBE (1955 – 11 January 2022) was an American-born British media businesswoman. She was a member of the board of the British Library. She was President and General Manager of History, and H2 at A+E Networks in New York City. Bennett was born in Cooperstown, New York.

Bennett was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2019. She died on 11 January 2022 in London from the disease, at the age of 66.

Friedrich Kurrent

Friedrich Kurrent (10 September 1931 – 10 January 2022) was an Austrian architect, academic and author. He was a professor at the Technical University of Munich. He was a member of the Bayerische Akademie der Schönen Künste. He was born in Hintersee, First Austrian Republic.

Kurrent died on 10 January 2022 in Vienna, at the age of 90.

Stephen H. Sachs

Stephen H. Sachs (January 31, 1934 – January 12, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was the Attorney General of Maryland from 1979 to 1987. Sachs was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He was United States Attorney for the District of Maryland from 1967 until 1970. He was nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson and re-nominated by Richard Nixon.

Sachs died on January 12, 2022 in Baltimore at the age of 87.

Herbert Achternbusch

Herbert Achternbusch (23 November 1938 – 10 January 2022) was a German writer, actor, painter, and filmmaker. His best known movies were "Der Neger Erwin", "The Ghost", "Wohin?" and "Hades".

In 2010, he was awarded the Kassel Literary Prize. He won the Mülheimer Dramatikerpreis in 1986 and 1994. 

Achternbusch died on 10 January 2022, at the age of 83.

Arturo Frei Bolívar

Erwin Arturo Frei Bolívar (18 November 1939 – 13 January 2022) was a Chilean politician. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Chile in the 2000 election. Frei Bolívar was born in Santiago de Chile. 

His uncle was President Eduardo Frei Montalva and his cousin was President Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle.

Frei Bolívar was a member of the Christian Democratic Party until 1998 and later became an Independent. Frei Bolívar was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1969 until 1973. From 1990 until 1998, he was a member of the Senate.

Frei Bolívar died on 13 January 2022 in Santiago at the age of 82.

Eduardo Frei Montalva

Eduardo Nicanor Frei Montalva (; 16 January 1911 – 22 January 1982) was a Chilean politician. He was the 27th president of Chile from 1964 to 1970. His oldest son, Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, also became president of Chile (1994–2000).

Frei Montalva died on 22 January 1982 in Santiago de Chile from sepsis caused by hernia surgery, aged 71. 

After his death, conspiracy theories were made saying that he was poisoned while having surgery. It was said that Mustard gas was given to him instead on anesthesia to make him weak enough not to survive the surgery. In 2019, six men were sentenced to 10 years in prison for their involvement in Frei Montalva's death.

Carmen Frei

Carmen Frei Ruiz-Tagle (born June 22, 1938) is a Chilean politician and teacher. She was Senator from 1990 to 2006.

Frei was born in Santiago. She is the oldest child of President Eduardo Frei Montalva and María Ruiz-Tagle. Her brother, Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, also became president.

Seán Patrick O'Malley

Seán Patrick O'Malley (born June 29, 1944) is an American cardinal of the Catholic Church. He is the Archbishop of Boston. He became a cardinal in 2006. 

When Pope Benedict XVI resigned in 2013, he was seen as a possible replacement. On April 13, 2013, Pope Francis appointed O'Malley as one of eight cardinals of the Council of Cardinal Advisers. 

He was President of the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors. On January 14, 2017, Francis appointed O'Malley to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.

Wilfrid Napier

Wilfrid Fox Napier OFM (born 8 March 1941) is a South African prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Durban from 1992 to 2021. He has been a cardinal since 2001. He was Bishop of Kokstad from 1981 to 1992.

Angelo Bagnasco

Angelo Bagnasco (; born 14 January 1943) is an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Genoa from 2006 to 2020. He was President of the Italian Episcopal Conference (CEI) from 2007 to 2017. He became a cardinal in 2007.

Bagnasco was seen as a possible replacement for Pope Benedict XVI in 2013.

In February 2018, Pope Francis extended Bagnasco's tenure in Genoa for two years beyond the normal retirement age of 75.

Chad Michael Murray

Chad Michael Murray (born August 24, 1981) is an American actor and former fashion model. He is best known for playing Lucas Scott in The WB/CW drama series "One Tree Hill" (2003–09, 2012). He also played Tristan Dugray on The WB/CW series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–01), and Charlie Todd in the fifth season of The WB series "Dawson’s Creek" (2001–02).


Agata Kornhauser-Duda

Agata Kornhauser-Duda (born 2 April 1972) is a Polish teacher. She is the current first lady of Poland. She is married to the president of Poland, Andrzej Duda. During her husband's campaign she supported her husband by appearing in party broadcasts. She is a German teacher at the Jan III Sobieski High School in Kraków.

Anna Komorowska

Anna Julia Komorowska (born 11 May 1953) is a Polish classical philologist. She was the First Lady of Poland, as the wife of the fifth President of Poland, Bronisław Komorowski.

Danuta Wałęsa

Mirosława Danuta Wałęsa ("née" Gołoś; born 25 February 1949) is a Polish political activist. She is the wife of the former President of Poland Lech Wałęsa. In 1983 she accepted the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway on behalf of her husband. From 1990 until 1995, she was the First Lady of Poland.

Lech and Danuta have been married since 8 November 1969. They have eight children.

Bennettsville, South Carolina

Bennettsville is a city located in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is the county seat of Marlboro County.

Blackwood, New Jersey

Blackwood is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Gloucester Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 4,622.

Gloucester Township, New Jersey

Gloucester Township is a township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township had a total population of 66,034.

Marta Lucía Ramírez

Humberto De la Calle

Humberto de la Calle Lombana (; born 14 July 1946) is a Colombian lawyer and politician. He was Vice President of Colombia from 1994 to 1997. He was Ambassador to Spain and the United Kingdom. 

In October 2012 he was appointed by President Juan Manuel Santos as the chief negotiator in the peace process with the FARC.

Germán Vargas Lleras

Germán Vargas Lleras (; born 19 February 1962) is a Colombian politician. He was Vice President of Colombia under President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón from 2014 until 2017. He unsuccessfully ran for President in the 2018 elections.

Yoon Suk Yeol

Yoon Suk Yeol (, born 18 December 1960) is a South Korean politician and former public prosecutor. Yoon is the 13th President of South Korea since 2022. He was Prosecutor General of South Korea from 2019 to 2021. As the chief prosecutor of South Korea, Yoon was important in finding former President Park Geun-hye guilty for abuse of power.

Yoon was born and raised in Seoul. In 1979, he graduated from Chungam High School in Seoul. In 1983, he graduated from Seoul National University with an undergraduate degree in law. He then did graduate work at the same university, earning a master's degree from the School of Law in 1988. He was admitted to the bar in 1991.

From 1994 through 2001, he worked at district prosecutors offices in Daegu, Seoul and Busan. 

In 2008, Yoon became the head prosecutor of Nonsan branch of the Daejeon District Prosecutors Office. From 2009 through 2011, he worked in the Supreme Prosecutor's Office.

In 2013, he rose to head prosecutor of the Yeoju branch of the Suwon District Prosecutor's Office, where he led a special investigation of an opinion- rigging case involving the National Intelligence Service.

In the years 2014 to 2016, he worked at the high prosecutor's offices in Daegu and Daejeon.

In 2016, he led the special probe on the corruption scandal involving President Park Geun-hye, which eventually led to her impeachment. In 2017, he became the head of the Seoul Central Prosecutor's Office.

In 2019, he became Prosecutor General of the nation. He resigned that post in March of 2021.

Yoon was the nominee for the conservative People Power Party for president in the 2022 election. He defeated Lee Jae-myung by a small amount of votes and was elected president on 9 March 2022.

On 20 March 2022, he announced that he would make his presidential office in the Ministry of National Defense building in Yongsan District, Seoul, instead of the Blue House, which opened as a public park on 10 May 2022. In his inauguration he said he would support talks with North Korea, however called them a threat because of recent missile testing activity.

In late July 2022, Yoon said he wanted to create a "police bureau" so that his government can have better control over police in the country. Many police officers and chiefs did not support this and protested the decision, with Yoon threatening to fire them and put them in jail.

Yoon's approval rating dropped to less than 30 percent in July 2022, after three months in office, because of the country's rising inflation.

Yoon Suk-yeol went to the 7th financial commitment meeting of the Global Fund hosted by Joe Biden and met him there. Yoon Suk-yeol talked with Biden for only 1 minute. Many people criticized Yoon Suk-yeol, because he spent a million dollars to meet him but did nothing. The president fell short of expectations of people who hoped that he solved the problems of missing subsidy on Korean electric car and economic labor. Even though it was not a summit, it seems that people were even more disappointed because it was not easy to talk to the president.

Also, Yoon Suk-yeol cursing Joe Biden on the way out of 7th Financial Pledge Meeting of the Global Fund hosted by Biden was videoed and became an issue. Yoon Suk-yeol claims that he said “Biden would be ashamed if his party doesn’t approve his agenda.” However, Yoon Suk Yeol claimed to have used the word "flying," not Biden, whereas many people are saying that he said Biden for sure.

Yoon married Kim Keon-hee in 2012.


2022 South Korean presidential election

The 2022 South Korean presidential election, or 20th Republic of Korea presidential election () in South Korea, was held in South Korea on 9 March 2022. It was the eighth presidential election.


The following people were candidates for the Democratic party primaries, but did not win the nomination or dropped out:


The following individuals were candidates for the People Power Party primaries but did not win the nomination or dropped out:


The following individual was a candidates for the People Power Party primaries but did not win the nomination:

Terry Teachout

Terry Teachout (February 6, 1956 – January 13, 2022) was an American author, critic, biographer, playwright, stage director, and podcast host. He was the drama critic of "The Wall Street Journal" and "Commentary". He also wrote for "The New York Times" and "National Review". He was a co-host on "Three on the Aisle", a monthly podcast which ran from September 2017 to December 2021.

Teachout died in his sleep on January 13, 2022 in Smithtown, New York just less than a month before his 66th birthday.

People Party (South Korea)

The People Party () or Party of Nationals is a political party in South Korea. Its color is orange. The party was founded by Ahn Cheol-soo in February 2020, after leaving the Bareunmirae Party. It has the same name as the People Party, which was also founded by Ahn and existed from 2016 to 2018.

Justice Party (South Korea)

The Justice Party () is a left-liberal and social democratic political party in South Korea. It was founded on 21 October 2012 when it split from the Unified Progressive Party.

An Officer and a Gentleman

An Officer and a Gentleman is a 1982 American romantic drama movie directed by Taylor Hackford and starring Richard Gere, Debra Winger, Louis Gossett Jr., David Keith, Robert Loggia, Lisa Blount, Harold Sylvester, David Caruso, Ed Begley Jr.. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated 6 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1983.


People Power Party (South Korea)

The People Power Party (), formerly known as the United Future Party () is a conservative political party in South Korea.

The party was formed on 17 February 2020. It was a merger of the Liberty Korea Party, New Conservative Party, and Onward for Future 4.0. After the 2020 legislative election, it became the 2nd largest party in the National Assembly, with 103 MPs.

Democratic Party of Korea

The Democratic Party of Korea (DPK), formerly the New Politics Alliance for Democracy (NPAD), is a political party in South Korea.

The party was founded on 26 March 2014. It was a merger of the Democratic Party and the New Political Vision Party (NPVP).

President Moon Jae-in is a member of this party.

Jeanette Miller

Jeanette Miller (born July 30, 1932) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Aunt Edie on the ABC comedy series "The Middle". She also appeared in "Cold Heaven", "The Truman Show", "Norbit", "Four Christmases", and "Legion". Miller was born in Pensacola, Florida.

Neustadt am Kulm

Neustadt am Kulm is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 29 km northwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 23 km southeast of Bayreuth. Neustadt am Kulm is directly west of the Rauher Kulm.

Neustadt an der Waldnaab

Neustadt an der Waldnaab (Bavarian: "Neistodt an da Woidnaab") is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district Neustadt an der Waldnaab.

Neustadt an der Waldnaab has one sister city:


Parkstein

Parkstein is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.


Pirk

Pirk is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Pleystein

Pleystein () is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 18 km east of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 11 km west of Rozvadov.

Pressath

Pressath is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. Pressath was founded in 1657. It is 20 km northwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz and ca. 7 km north of Grafenwöhr.

Black Cat, White Cat

Black Cat, White Cat () is a 1998 Serbian French German Austrian Greek romantic black comedy movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Bajram Severdžan, Srđan Todorović, Branka Katić, Florijan Ajdini, Ljubica Adžović, Miki Manojlović.


Püchersreuth

Püchersreuth is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Schirmitz

Schirmitz is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Schlammersdorf

Schlammersdorf is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Schwarzenbach, Upper Palatinate

Schwarzenbach is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Speinshart

Speinshart is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Störnstein

Störnstein is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Tännesberg

Tännesberg is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Theisseil

Theisseil is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Trabitz

Trabitz is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Vohenstrauß

Vohenstrauß (or "Vohenstrauss"; ) is a town in Germany, in the north-eastern part of the Upper Palatinate. The town is in Neustadt an der Waldnaab.

Altenstadt bei Vohenstrauß, Böhmischbruck, Oberlind, Kaimling, Roggenstein, Waldau


Vorbach

Vorbach is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.

Waidhaus

Waidhaus is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the border with the Czech Republic, and near the border crossing between Bavaria and the Czech Republic, where the Bavarian A6 meets the Czech D5 motorway. The closest towns are on the German side Pleystein and on the Czech side Rozvadov.
A gas pipeline and a powerline also cross the border between Bavaria and the Czech Republic there.

The neighbouring communities clockwise: Rozvadov, Eslarn, Pleystein, Georgenberg.

Waldthurn

Waldthurn is a market town and municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Weiherhammer

Weiherhammer is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.

Windischeschenbach

Windischeschenbach is a town in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. It is north of Weiden in der Oberpfalz.

Altenstadt, Swabia

Altenstadt is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in middle Swabia in the valley of the Iller, about 30 km south of Ulm and 25 km north of Memmingen.

Altenstadt is arranged into 7 districts. The districts are:


Bellenberg

Bellenberg is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Buch, Swabia

Buch is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Elchingen

Elchingen is a municipality about 7 km east of Ulm–Neu-Ulm in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria, Germany.

Municipality parts:


Holzheim, Neu-Ulm

Holzheim is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Illertissen

Illertissen () is a town in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria. It is about 20 km south from Ulm nearby the river Iller.


Kellmünz

Kellmünz "(official: Kellmünz a.d.Iller)" is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Kellmünz is in Upper Swabia at the river Iller, about 30 km south of Ulm and 15 km north of Memmingen.

Nersingen

Nersingen is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria, Germany. The neighbours are Neu-Ulm, Elchingen, Bibertal and Pfaffenhofen an der Roth.

Through the area of Nersingen flow three rivers: The Danube in the north and her both supply rivers Roth and Leibi, which cross Nersingen from south to north.

The municipality of Nersingen has the principal village of Nersingen and the part villages Straß, Leibi, Unterfahlheim, and Oberfahlheim.

Neu-Ulm

Neu-Ulm is the capital of the Neu-Ulm district and a town in Swabia, Bavaria. Neighbouring towns include Ulm, Senden, Pfaffenhofen an der Roth, Holzheim, Nersingen and Elchingen. The United States Army had a base in Ulm until 1991.


Oberroth

Oberroth is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Osterberg

Osterberg is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Pfaffenhofen an der Roth

Pfaffenhofen an der Roth is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Pfaffenhofen is along the river Roth. The village of Pfaffenhofen proper is on the west edge of the river, and is surrounded to the North, East and South by farms and wooded areas. Other villages within Pfaffenhofen and der Roth are dispersed throughout the municipality, with farms and wooded areas in between.


The following localities are within Pfaffenhofen: Diepertshofen, Erbishofen, Volkertshofen, Beuren, Balmertshofen, Biberberg, Niederhausen, Roth, Berg, Remmeltshofen, Kadeltshofen, Raunertshofen, Hirbishofen and Luippen.


Roggenburg, Bavaria

Roggenburg is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in the region "Donau-Iller" in central Swabia, about 30 km southeast of Ulm and 40 km north of Memmingen. The districts Roggenburg, Biberach and Meßhofen are on the Biber river, the districts Ingstetten, Schießen and Unteregg at the Osterbach, while Schleebuch is between these two rivers.

The municipal council has 14 members plus the major.

Senden

The town of Senden is the second-largest town of Neu-Ulm in Bavaria and is at the border to Baden-Württemberg. The town belongs to the Donau-Iller-Nahverkehrsverbund. Senden's neighbours are Neu-Ulm in the north, Weißenhorn in the east, Vöhringen in the south and Illerkirchberg in the west.

The town parts are Aufheim, Ay, Freudenegg, Hittistetten, Witzighausen and Wullenstetten

The Senden town council consists since the election of 2014 of:


Unterroth

Unterroth is a municipality in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria in Germany.

Vöhringen, Bavaria

Vöhringen is a town in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Iller, about 18 km south of Ulm and 40 km north of Memmingen. It is in the Donau-Iller Region in Central Swabia (part of Upper Swabia).

- Senden to the north<br>
- Weißenhorn to the east<br>
- Bellenberg to the south<br>
- Illerrieden, Baden-Württemberg, to the west

The formerly settlement of Illerzell, is about 3 km northwest of Vöhringen on the floor of the Iller Valley. It was incorporated into Vöhringen on 1 July 1972.
Illerberg, and Thal, are placed about 2 km east of Vöhringen and are still largely agricultural villages. In existence since the 6th or 7th centuries, they were long allied under a single overlord and have grown together to form a single settlement; the two were administratively united on 22 November 1970 and were incorporated into Vöhringen on 1 January 1976.


Weißenhorn

Weißenhorn is a town in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria. Weißenhorn is about 22 km southeast of Ulm.



Elias Havel

Elias Havel (born 16 April 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer He plays as a striker for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also plays for the U19 squad of FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League.
He started his career in Vienna with 1. Simmeringer SC, First Vienna FC and FK Austria Wien. From 2017 to 2020 he was in the Red Bull Academy. 2020 he went on to FC Liefering. He made his debut in the second division in February 2021 when he came on as a substitute for Maurits Kjærgaard in the 72nd minute against FC Blau-Weiß Linz on matchday 15 of the 2020/21 season. He came to 61 second division matches. He scored 13 goals. After the 2022/23 season he left Salzburg and moved to the Bundesliga club LASK. Havel signed a contract that ran until June 2027.

Havel played for the Austrian U15, U17, U 18 and U19 national football team.

FC Liefering

"Runner-up"

Wing Commander (movie)

Wing Commander is a 1999 American Luxembourgian science fiction movie directed by Chris Roberts and was based on a video game which had the same name. It stars Freddie Prinze, Jr., Matthew Lillard, Saffron Burrows, David Suchet, Tchéky Karyo, Jürgen Prochnow, David Warner, Mark Powley, Ginny Holder, Mark Hamill, Hugh Quarshie, Ken Bones, Paul Jerricho, Cyril Nri and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Division of Whitlam

The Division of Whitlam is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.

The division was called Throsby before it was renamed in 2016 to honour Gough Whitlam, the Prime Minister of Australia from 1972 to 1975. During the 2016 division redistribution, the past division of Throsby was abolished and Whitlam replaced it.

Whitlam has many working class people due to area's steel making and coal mining industries and ports.


Dave Thomas (actor)

David William Thomas (born May 20, 1949) is a Canadian actor, comedian and television writer. He is best known as one half of the duo Bob and Doug McKenzie with Rick Moranis. He appeared as Doug McKenzie on "SCTV", for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award out of two nominations, and in the film "Strange Brew" (1983), which he also co-directed. As a duo, they made two albums, "The Great White North" and "Strange Brew", the former gaining them a Grammy Award nomination and a Juno Award.

His other notable acting credits include "Stripes" (1981), "Love at Stake" (1987), "Moving" (1988), "Coneheads" (1993) and "Rat Race" (2001). He provided the voice of Tuke in "Brother Bear" (2003), and "Brother Bear 2" (2006).

The Other

The Other is a 1972 American horror thriller movie directed by Robert Mulligan and was based on the 1971 novel of the same name by Thomas Tryon. It stars John Ritter, Uta Hagen, Norma Connolly, Victor French, Diana Muldaur, Jenny Sullivan, Portia Nelson and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Live Home 3D

Live Home 3D is a home designing software for the macOS, Windows and iOS platforms. It allows users to virtually design both 2D and 3D models of homes including interiors and exteriors with 360-degree panoramic images.

Prophecy (movie)

Prophecy is a 1979 American science fiction horror movie directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Robert Foxcroft, Armand Assante, Talia Shire, Burke Baynes, Richard A. Dysart, Tom McFadden. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.



The Comedians (1967 movie)

The Comedians is a 1967 American French Bermudian drama movie directed by Peter Glenville and was based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Graham Greene. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton, Alec Guinness, Peter Ustinov, Paul Ford, Lillian Gish, James Earl Jones, Cicely Tyson and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.



Epistles of Wisdom

The Epistles of Wisdom or Rasa'il al-Hikmah () is a group of sacred texts and pastoral letters by teachers of the Druze Faith.

The Epistles of Wisdom were written in the Arabic language. They contain one hundred and eleven epistles in total. They are organised into six books first collected by one of the greatest Druze sages 'Abd-Allah Al-Tanukhi in 1479 AD. According to oral traditions there were originally twenty-four books. Eighteen are reasonably assumed to have been lost, hidden or destroyed. Epistle number six is dated earliest and was written in July 1017 AD by Hamza ibn-'Ali ibn-Ahmad. He is specifically said as the author of thirty more epistles in the first two books. Epistles 109 and 110 are dated latest, written by Al-Muqtana Baha'uddin in 1042 AD. Epistles 36 to 40 are attributed to Isma'il al-Tamimi ibn Muhammad. The first epistle opens with the goodbye message from Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, the original teacher of the Druze. He details his efforts to assist his people's welfare and peace and urges them to remain righteous.


Ecnomiohyla phantasmagoria

Ecnomiohyla phantasmagoria is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place, in Ecuador. They saw it 500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 95.0 to 110.0 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is dark in color, from brown to almost black. This is one of the largest frogs in Hylidae, and the disks on its toes are very large.

This frog lives high in the trees.

This frog's name comes from the Greek word meaning "marvellous and unusual."

Francoist Spain

Francoist Spain () or the Francoist dictatorship (), was the period of Spanish history between 1939 and 1975, when Francisco Franco ruled Spain. During this time period Spain was officially known as the Spanish State (). After Franco’s death, Spain turned into a democracy. 

During the Spanish Civil War, Francisco Franco led the nationalists supported by Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy. The republicans were supported by the Soviet Union, Mexico, and France. The dictatorship was created right after the nationalists won. Francisco Franco made himself the Caudillo of Spain and ruled until his death in 1975.

Francisco Franco promoted ultranationalism. He did not allow the use of regional languages such as Catalan, Basque, Galician, and promoted Spanish as the only official language.

Good Sam (TV series)

Good Sam is an American medical drama television series created by Katie Wech for CBS. It premiered on January 5, 2022.

Dr. Sam Griffith excels in her new leadership role as chief of surgery after her renowned boss falls into a coma. When her former boss wakes up months later demanding to resume his duties, Sam is tasked with supervising the egotistical surgeon who never acknowledged her stellar talent. Matters are complicated further by the fact that the caustic and arrogant Dr. Rob "Griff" Griffith also happens to be her father. As Griff defies Sam's authority and challenges her medical expertise, the big question becomes whether this father and daughter will ever be able to mend their own relationship as expertly as they heal the hearts of their patients.



Kurobe, Toyama


According to Japanese census data,


Bachir Gemayel

Bachir Pierre Gemayel ( ; 10 November 1947 – 14 September 1982) was the leader of the Lebanese Forces during the Lebanese Civil War and the elected President of the Republic in 1982.

Gemayel joined the Kataeb Party, founded by his father, Pierre Gemayel. He took command of the military wing at the beginning of the civil war against the national movement and the Palestine Liberation Organization. 

He received political and military support from Israel. His forces participated in the massacres of Black Saturday, the Karantina massacre, and the Tel al-Zaatar massacre, in which hundreds of Palestinian and Lebanese civilians were killed. He also led the Battle of Zahle and the Hundred Days of War against the Syrian Army. 

He was elected president on 23 August 1982, but he was assassinated before taking office on 14 September, by a bomb explosion by Habib Shartouni, a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party.

Greek National Opera

The Greek National Opera () is an organization in Athens which puts on performances of opera. The Greek National Opera is the country's most important opera house. It was started in 1939. Today the music director is Giorgos Koumendakis.


Rauvolfia serpentina

Sarpagandha is also known as 'Indian snakeroot', 'Chandrabhaga' or 'Chhota Chandis'. It is an important medicinal plant distributed in the foot-hills of the Himalayan range. It has long tapering snake-like roots which are a rich source of reserpine alkaloids.

Atlantic Plain

The Atlantic Plain is one of eight different United States physiographic (Physical part of) regions. The Atlantic Coast of the United States comprises the coastal states of Delaware, Florida, Maine, North Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, South Carolina, Virginia, and Puerto Rico. The land next to the Atlantic coast are made up of sandy beaches, marshlands, bays, and barrier islands. This big part is made up of the Continental Shelf and Coastal Plain provinces. It is the flattest of the U.S. physiographic divisions and is over 2,200 miles (3,500 km) in length from Cape Cod to the Mexican border and goes south an additional 1,000 miles (1,600 km) to the Yucatán Peninsula. The central and southern Atlantic Coast is seen by barrier and drowned valley coasts. The coastal Atlantic plain features long barriers interrupted by inlets, large embayments with drowned river valleys, and extensive wetlands and marshes. The Atlantic plain slowly lowers to sea level from the inland highlands in a series of terraces. This continues far into the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, forming the continental shelf. The difference at the land-sea interface is so hard to see that the boundary between them is often indistinct(hard to see), especially along stretches of the Louisiana bayous and the Florida Everglades.

The Atlantic Coastal Plain is a region of low elevation along the East Coast of the United States. It is 2,200 miles long, from Long Island, to the Georgia/Florida part of the Eastern Continental Divide. The plain is bordered on the west by the Piedmont plateau, which is a flat area bordered by the main Appalachian mountains, and where the plateau and the plain meet is called the Atlantic Seaboard Fall Line. It is bordered to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Floridian province. The Outer Lands region forms the insular northeastern extension of the Atlantic coastal plain.

The plain is not very high, averaging around 900 or less feet from sea level. It extends about 50 to 100 kilometers inland. The coastal plain is very wet, with many rivers, marshes, and swampland. It is composed mainly of sedimentary rock and sediment, and the land is usually used for agriculture. The coastal plain also has the Carolina Sandhills as well. Sometimes, on maps, the coastal plain is split into two northern and southern regions. Sea levels rising is also an issue, because ocean water (Or salty water) starts to kill plants that can't use saltwater in photosynthesis. Groundwater supplies are also vulnerable along the East Coast. With industrial and urban development (like houses, factories, and roads), many inland salt (with saltwater) marshes are disappearing. 

Vegetation is also experiencing issues with the rapid changes the plain is going through, too. Forests are common on this plain. In the north, there are hardwood forests that include white, black, red, chestnut and scarlet oaks. The forests in a wider area include hickory, long-leaf pines, sweet gum, magnolia and bay leaf trees.

Many animals also inhabit the region, like toads, salamanders and frogs. Gray foxes inhabit the whole region, while the Lower Keys marsh rabbit and manatees live in mainly the Florida Keys. Fish, including the threatened Alabama sturgeon, inhabit the area too. Waterfowl, wading birds and a variety of shorebirds make their home in the region.

Élias Sarkis

Élias Youssef Sarkis (20 July 1924 – 27 June 1985) () was the president of the Lebanese Republic from September 23, 1976 to September 22, 1982.

Sarkis graduated from the Faculty of Law in 1948. He was appointed Director of Judges at the Presidential Palace in 1958 by the orders of President Fouad Chehab. In 1968 he was appointed director of the Central Bank of Lebanon. 

Elias Sarkis ran for the presidential elections in 1970, but lost by one vote. With the outbreak of the Lebanese civil war, he won the Lebanese presidential elections on May 8, 1976. 

Sarkis died in 1985 at the age of 61 in Switzerland. 

Suleiman Frangieh

Suleiman Kabalan Frangieh, last name also spelled Frangié, Franjieh, or Franjiyeh (15 June 1910 – 23 July 1992) (), was the president of the Lebanese Republic from 1970 to 1976. 

His reign witnessed 7 governments headed by 6 different presidents: Saeb Salam (twice), Amin Al-Hafiz, Taqi Al-Din Al-Solh, Rashid Al-Solh, Noureddin Al-Rifai, Rashid Karami. His reign also witnessed the beginning of the Lebanese civil war in April 1975. 

The Lebanese National Movement opposed him and demanded his resignation. 

On January 24, 1976, 66 deputies signed a petition asking him to resign, but he rejected it, insisting on ending his term.
He died in Zgharta, July 23, 1992.

Altdorf bei Nürnberg

Altdorf bei Nürnberg (, ) is a town in south-eastern Germany. It is 25 km east of Nuremberg, in Nürnberger Land. Its name literally means “Altdorf near Nuremberg”, to differentiate it from other Altdorfs.

Altdorf bei Nürnberg is twinned with:


Burgthann

Burgthann is a municipality in Nürnberger Land, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 20 km southeast of Nuremberg (centre).

Engelthal

Engelthal is a municipality near Nürnberg (Nuremberg) in the Frankenalb (Frankish Alb). Engelthal has a population of about 1100 people. 


Feucht

Feucht is a market town and municipality southeast of Nuremberg in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria, Germany. The name Feucht () is comes from the Old High German noun "viuhtje" - "fichta", which is the spruce tree (informally Féichdn).

Happurg

Happurg is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany. During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was placed here.

Neighboring municipalities and communities (to the north going clockwise) are: Pommelsbrunn, Alfeld, Lauterhofen, Offenhausen, Engelthal, and Hersbruck.

The municipality is in the eastern part of the Franconian Jura

Hartenstein, Bavaria

Hartenstein () is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Henfenfeld

Henfenfeld is a municipality near Nuremberg in the Frankenalb (Frankish Alb) south of Hersbruck.


Else Marie Fjære

Else Marie Fjære (born 2 July 1944) is a Norwegian speed skater and track and athlete.

She competed at the 1960 World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women. She won the 1962 Norwegian Championships for Girls.

Astri Mæhre Johannessen

Astri Johanne Mæhre Førde (born Astri Johanne Mæhre Johannessen 7 November 1933) is a Norwegian speed skater. Mæhre Johannessen also competed in athletics in the 400 meters, 800 meters, long jump.

Johannessen won the Norwegian Championships in ice skating, all-rounder in 1955, and took silver in 1951, 1952, 1953 and 1959 as well as bronze in 1954.

She participated in the World Ice Skating Championships, all-rounder in 1952, 1953, 1954 and 1955 with 10th place in 1955 as best result. 

Johannessen was ranked 316th on the list of the 1,000 best athletes in Trøndelagat the "Nidaros" award in 2020.

List of Kansas landmarks

This is a list of important Kansas landmarks. They include:



Namerikawa, Toyama


According to Japanese census data,


Diaphoretickes

Diaphoretickes is a large group of eukaryotic organisms. There are over 400,000 species. Most of the Earth's biomass which does photosynthesis is in this group.

All the living things in Diaphoretickes are Eukaryotes: they are complicated cells with organelles. Most plants that make energy out of light are in Diaphoretickes. Only Euglenozoa and blue-green algae are not. 

The group includes:

In 2012, this megagroup was defined.

Burki led a team of scientists that named Diaphoretickes. They called it the ""plants+HC+SAR megagroup"" because it has plants (Archaeplastida), haptophytes, cryptomonads, and stramenopiles, alveolates, and rhizarians. That makes the acronyms HC and SAR.

Other scientists call Diaphoretickes the "SAR/HA Supergroup" or "Corticata with Rhizaria." The name "Corticata" comes from Cavalier-Smith's scientific idea that the cortical alveoli of glaucophytes and alveolates both came from the same ancestors. 

Pompeo D'Ambrosio

Pompeo D'Ambrosio was born in San Marco Evangelista (near Napoli) in January first 1917 and died in Caracas in April 15, 1998. He was a pilot of the Italian air Force, a lieutenant of the Italian Army during WW2, a vice president of a bank in Venezuela and a manager-owner of a soccer team in Venezuela (the "Deportivo Italia").

Pompeo D'Ambrosio was born near Salerno in 1917 and studied "Colonial Administration" at the University of Napoli. 
He was a pilot of the Italian Ai Force in the late 1930s and later (after discharged from being a pilot because of an accident) a lieutenant of the Italian Army ("Divisione Brescia") during WW2. 

He was also under orders of Rommel in the Tobruk battle and received a medal of honor in the second battle of El Alamein in november 1942, where he was commanding an anti-tank unit. 

He was wounded in that battle and made POW for 3 years in an Egypt concentration camp. 

In 1943 he was promoted to lieutenant-colonel and received a military Medal of Honor by Italian authorities (even if he was a POW).

When he returned to Italy in 1946 he co-founded in Salerno the local section of the MSI, a right-wing political party that later changed name in "Alleanza Nazionale" and now (2022) is ruling Italy as "Fratelli d'Italia".

He moved to Venezuela with his family (he had a son and a daughter, who can be seen in the above photo) in the early 1950s.

He was well known in the Italian community in Caracas and was very active - with his financial activity as vice-president at one of Venezuela's leading banks ("Banco Latino") - in promoting the many successes of Italian entrepreneurs in Venezuela.

He was even a financial manager for "Deportivo Italia", the Italian community football club in Venezuela, during the "golden" years (in the sixties and seventies). Those years, when he ruled the team with his brother Mino, are remembered as the "D'Ambrosio Era". 

The Deportivo Italia was awarded as the best football team of Venezuela in the XX century, by the FIFA's "International Federation of Football History and Statistics".

In 1951 Pompeo D'Ambrosio moved to Venezuela, where he began working as director of the "French and Italian Bank" (later called "Banco Latino"), funding the Italian community of Caracas, Maracaibo and Puerto La Cross.

Many Italian-Venezuelan companies, such as "Vinccler" and "Constructora Delpre" (who made the skyscrapers of the "Complexo Parque Central", until 2011 the tallest in South America), received experienced advice and financial help to grow to the highest levels in the Venezuelan economy. 

The historian Santander Laya-Garrido cites him, in his book "Los Italianos forjadores de la nacionalidad y del desarrollo económico en Venezuela" (The Italians creators of the nationality and the economic development of Venezuela), as an example of honesty and dedication to the community.

He become vice-president of the biggest private bank in Venezuela, the "Banco Latino". He tried to go against the corruption of Pedro Tinoco (president of the Banco Latino and of the Banco Central de Venezuela) and his group, but was forced to resign: after his renounce the bank went bankruptcy in the biggest financial crisis of the country, that opened the doors to the (later president) Chavez's take of power in Venezuela.



Kirchensittenbach

Kirchensittenbach is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Leinburg

Leinburg is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuhaus an der Pegnitz

Neuhaus an der Pegnitz is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Neunkirchen am Sand

Neunkirchen am Sand is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Offenhausen, Germany

Offenhausen is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Ottensoos

Ottensoos is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Pommelsbrunn

Pommelsbrunn is a municipality in Nürnberger Land, Bavaria, Germany.

Pommelsbrunn has 22 boroughs (Ortsteilen):

Reichenschwand

Reichenschwand is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Röthenbach an der Pegnitz

Röthenbach an der Pegnitz is a town in Nürnberger Land, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Pegnitz River, 4 km southwest of Lauf an der Pegnitz, and 12 km east of Nuremberg (centre).

Rückersdorf, Bavaria

Rückersdorf is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Andy Breckman

Andrew Ross Breckman (born March 3, 1955) is an American television writer who is the creator and executive producer of the television series "Monk" from 2002 to 2009.

Bitty Schram

Elizabeth Natalie Schram (born July 17, 1968) is an American actress known for playing Sharona Fleming in the series "Monk".

Jason Gray-Stanford

Jason Gray-Stanford (born May 19, 1970) is a Canadian actor. He is best known for playing Lieutenant Randy Disher in "Monk".

Pivoting (2022 TV series)

Pivoting is an American comedy television series created by Liz Astrof. It premiered on Fox on January 9, 2022 and was cancelled after one season in May 2022.

After the death of their friend Colleen, three friends, Amy, Jodie and Sarah decide that life is short and they must "pivot" their lives in new directions. As they each make impulsive choices in an attempt to find happiness, it strengthens their friendship.


The Cleaning Lady

The Cleaning Lady is an American crime drama television series developed by Miranda Kwok, based on the 2017 Argentinian television series "La Chica Que Limpia". It premiered on Fox on January 3, 2022.

"The Cleaning Lady" is a drama that centers on Thony De La Rosa, formerly a Philippine medical doctor who's now currently working/living in the shadows of modern day Las Vegas. Her reason for being in the US, on an expired visa, is her five year old son, Luca. Luca has a rare and life-threatening medical disorder, for which he needs a cutting edge, bone marrow treatment, which is only available in Las Vegas. Until she gets treatment for her son, Thony makes a living, not as a trained doctor but as a cleaning service worker, alongside her, sister in law, Fiona. After Thony accidentally witnesses a serious crime and is discovered hiding by the perpetrator behind it, Arman Morales, she's offered a job both as a cleaner and a doctor within their criminal organization that could pay well enough to help her son and her family. Crossing into a world of moral grey, Thony begins to live a double life, keeping secrets from her family all the while cleaning up murder scenes and dodging the law.



Schwaig

Schwaig is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

In 1979 the municipalities Schwaig and Behringersdorf were combined to form the current municipality. Behringersdorf has a railway station on the Nuremberg–Cheb railway.

Schwarzenbruck

Schwarzenbruck is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Simmelsdorf

Simmelsdorf is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Velden (Pegnitz)

Velden is a town in Nürnberger Land, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Pegnitz, 16 km south of the town Pegnitz, and 36 km northeast of Nuremberg (centre).

Vorra

Vorra is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.

Winkelhaid

Winkelhaid is a municipality in Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany. It is 18 km southeast of Nuremberg in the Middle Franconia. Winkelhaid is bounded by (from the north and clockwise) Altdorf bei Nürnberg, Schwarzenbruck and Feucht.


Aitrang

Aitrang is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Aitrang is in the south Bavarian Region Allgäu. 
It surrounds districts of: Aitrang, Huttenwang, Wenglingen. Administrative responsibility also extends to the distant villages of Binnings, Goerwangs, Krähberg, Neuenried, Wolfholz, Münzenried and Umwangs as well as several Farms. Aitrang also covers the Eibsee (lake).


Child sex tourism

Child sex tourism is travelling to another country or area, to be able to profit from children who prostitute themselves. Like child prostitution, child sex tourism is bad for the health of the children. It has mental and physical consequences, which include sexually transmitted infections, (unwanted) teenage pregnancies, and addiction to drugs. Child sex tourism is part of the multibillion-dollar global sex tourism industry. It is a form of child prostitution within the wider issue of commercial sexual exploitation of children. Child sex tourism affects approximately 2 million children around the world. These children who perform as prostitutes have often been lured or abducted into sexual slavery.

People who practice child sex tourism can be split in two broad groups:


People who want to engage in child sex tourism often plan their journey using the internet. They look for places, where the most vulnerable children can be found; they often also share this information with other like-minded people. As is the case with other forms of prostitution, child prostitution is linked to poverty: the most vulnerable children are likely in regions where there are many poor people, or where there's a high population growth.

As this is a global problem, some countries have adapted their laws, so that they can prosecute certain crimes, even if they are committed outside the country.

Mauthausen concentration camp

Mauthausen was a Nazi concentration camp in Upper Austria during World War II. It opened on 8 August 1938, and was taken over by the Allies on 5 May 1942. It is located on a hill above the market town of Mauthausen (roughly east of Linz). Mauthausen started as a single camp. However, it gradually grew into a system of many camps, which were all connected to each other. These subcamps were located throughout Austria and southern Germany. In total, about 190,000 people were imprisoned in the Mauthausen camp complex. Of these, at least 90,000 died.

Mauthausen was mostly used for extermination through labour of artists and intellectuals, like scientists and professors. These were educated people and had been members of the higher social classes in countries taken over by the Nazis during World War II. Other groups were imprisoned at Mauthausen too. These included political prisoners like socialists, communists, anarchists, and Spanish Republicans. Homosexuals and alcoholics, who the Nazis called “asocial,” were also imprisoned at Mauthausen. Other groups included Romani people, Slovenes, Hungarian and Dutch Jews, and Soviet prisoners of war. The Nazis wanted to “exterminate” all of these groups of people by working them to death. 

The Nazis also used Mauthausen as a punishment camp. They sent prisoners to Mauthausen from other camps in order to punish them for breaking rules or trying to escape.

Mauthausen was one of the first very large concentration camp complexes in Nazi Germany. It was the last to be liberated by the Allies. 

Today, there is a museum at the Mauthausen main camp. 

Three of the biggest subcamps in the Mauthausen complex were Gusen I, Gusen II, and Gusen III. Many of the prisoners in the Mauthausen complex lived in the Gusen camps. Sometimes, these camps held more prisoners than the main Mauthausen main camp did. 

At first, prisoners from the Mauthausen and Gusen camps worked mostly in the local quarries. However, starting in 1942, they were also forced to produce things that the German military needed.

As Mauthausen produced more, it needed more workers. The Nazis brought more and more prisoners to Mauthausen to work as slave laborers. To make room for more slave workers, the Nazis built additional subcamps (). By the end of World War II, there were 101 camps (including 49 major subcamps) in the Mauthausen complex. In January 1945, these camps held roughly 85,000 inmates.

At the Mauthausen complex, there were quarries, weapons factories, mines, and plants that assembled Me 262 fighter aircraft. The prisoners at Mauthausen and its subcamps were forced to work as slaves in these places. In fact, the Nazis decided to build a camp complex in Mauthausen because the town was close to some granite quarries. By 1942, over 3,300 prisoners were working in the quarries at Gusen and the main Mauthausen camp.

One quarry was at the bottom of a long set of 186 stone steps. Guards forced male prisoners to carry blocks of granite up the stairs, all day and in all kinds of weather. This was a very difficult and exhausting job. The blocks of stone sometimes weighed as much as 50 kilograms (110 pounds). These slave laborers were already starving and malnourished because the Nazis gave them so little food in the camps. Then they were forced to work all day in the quarries without food or water. Often, guards beat the prisoners or forced them to race while they carried stones up the steps. When one person slipped, died, or collapsed from exhaustion, he would fall onto the people behind him, who would then fall too. Prisoners would continue to fall like dominoes, one after the other, all the way down the steps. Doing this work killed so many people that inmates at Mauthausen named the steps the "Stairs of Death."

Even if a prisoner survived a day's work, they might still be killed. Often, the Nazis would make everybody who survived the Stairs of Death line up at the edge of a cliff known as "The Parachutists Wall" (German: "Fallschirmspringerwand"). At gunpoint, each prisoner would have the option of being shot or pushing the prisoner in front of him off the cliff.

Prisoners at Mauthausen had to live and work in terrible conditions, which killed many people. This was not accidental. The Nazis made camp conditions terrible on purpose. This was part of their plan to kill everyone who came to the camps. They gave the prisoners so little food that thousands starved. From 1940 to 1942, an average inmate weighed just 40 kilograms (88 pounds). Prisoners were not given adequate clothing or shelter, and many froze to death in the winter. There was no access to water or to basic sanitation. Hygiene was impossible. Contagious diseases spread quickly and killed many people. 

The Nazis also murdered many prisoners. They killed people who were sick or could not work any longer. They also used murder as a punishment. For example, if one person tried to escape, camp guards would kill them along with a group of innocent people. 

Common methods of extermination included hangings, mass shootings, beating prisoners to death, and starving them to death in bunkers. Sometimes, guards would kill a prisoner by throwing them on the 380-volt electric barbed wire fence. At other times, they would force a prisoner outside the boundaries of the camp, accuse the prisoner of trying to escape, and shoot them. The Nazis also used icy showers to kill people. Around 3,000 inmates died of hypothermia after guards forced them to take icy cold showers, then left them outside in cold weather. A large number of inmates were drowned in barrels of water at Gusen II. Starting in 1942, the Nazis also used gas chambers to kill at least 3,500 prisoners, starting with Soviet prisoners of war. 

The two largest camps in the Mauthasen complex (Gusen I and the main Mauthausen camp) had the worst conditions. Both were classed as "Grade III" ("Stufe III") concentration camps. This meant they were supposed to be the toughest camps for the "incorrigible political enemies of the Reich". (Here, “incorrigible" means "impossible to correct.") Many people were deported to Mauthausen and Gusen just to be executed.

Mauthausen was still classified as "Stufe III" when World War II ended. People in the offices of the Reich Security Main Office ("Reichssicherheitshauptamt"; RSHA) called Mauthausen by the nickname "Knochenmühle" – the bone-grinder (literally "bone-mill"). 

Wheatus (album)

Wheatus is the self-titled debut album by American rock band Wheatus.

Tig

Tig is an application software that provides graphical user interface for Git. It mainly works as a repository browser for Git. It is an cross-platform application and is available under GNU V2 license.


Moveworks

Moveworks is an American technology company that develops artificial inteligence platform for other businesses. It uses natural language understanding, probabilistic machine learning, and automation behind its platform.

The company was established in 2016 by Bhavin Shah, Vaibhav Nivargi, Varun Singh, and Jiang Chen.

It initially started as a technology support business. Later, they started developing internal communications solutions using artificial inteligence. Their services are used by Autodesk, Broadcom, DocuSign, Equinix, Hearst, LinkedIn, Nutanix, Palo Alto Networks, Procore, Robert Half, Stitch Fix, Verisk Analytics, and Western Digital.

OpenGov

OpenGov is an American technology company based in Redwood City, California. Its service are being used by more than 1,000 cities, counties, and state agencies across 49 states.

It was developed in 2012 by Zachary Bookman, Nate Levine, Dakin Sloss, and Joe Lonsdale to solve the problems arises due to the 2007-2008 economical crisis.

Nokia N800

Nokia N800 Internet tablet is an Nokia Nseries tablet was developed of Nokia Corporation, and release for worldwide on January 17, 2007. After announced of Nokia N800 in December 31, 2006. In May 2008, Mobile World Congress announced they were be disabled of Nokia N800, the old internet tablet of Nokia Nseries, because was no longer about release in worldwide and will be discontinued on May 29, 2009.

In early 2006, Nokia Corporation announced they will be release new internet tablet on late 2006 early 2007, after announced release. In February 18, 2006, Mobile World Congress announced that Nokia internet tablet name is "Nokia N800" or "Nokia N800 Internet tablet" (in The New York Times write name is <nowiki>"</nowiki>"Nokia N800 Tablet"<nowiki>"</nowiki> pubilc on March 12, 2006).

On December 14, 2006. Nokia N800 has begined announcement in United States of <nowiki>"</nowiki>"Internet Connection of Worldwide"<nowiki>"</nowiki> was write by Siiasmaa. In early January 2007, Nokia announced Nokia N800 will be release on January 17.

In January 9. Nokia N800 release of Canada, in January 12 release of United Kingdom. In January 17, 2007. Nokia N800 is release of United States. After release, in January 20. Nokia N800 begin of worldwide.

In February 2008, the sales of Nokia N800 has begin 80% dollar bills after people buy Nokia N800. In May 2008, Mobile World Congress announced they were be disable sales of Nokia N800 and Nokia N800 internet tablet on May 2009, because was no longer about release in 2007.

In June 11, 2008. Nokia N800 has discontinued of Canada, in September 28, 2008 discontinued of United Kingdom. In May 29, 2009. Nokia announced Nokia N800 has discontinued of worldwide.

In February 11, 2019. Nokia N800 announced website will be pubilc on WayBack Machine and history of Nokia N800 launched on BetaWiki website.

For You Blue

"For You Blue" is a 1970 song by The Beatles. It is the b-side of "The Long and Winding Road". It is a track from the 1970 album "Let It Be".

Cyprus Stock Exchange

The Cyprus Stock Exchange or CSE (, is an European stock exchange located in Cyprus. It was established under the Cyprus Securities Act. 

CSE was approved by the Chamber of Deputies in April 1993. Operations began on March 29, 1996. In 2006 a common platform was launched with the Athens Stock Exchange. CSE is a member of the Federation of Eurasian Exchanges. 

Ecnomiohyla valancifer

The San Martin fringe-limbed tree frog or lichenose fringe-limbed tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla valancifer") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 1180 meters above sea level the Sierra de Los Tuxtlas.

List of banks in Jordan

The following is the list of banks in Jordan. 

List of banks in Cyprus

This is a list of banks in Cyprus .


Central Bank of Cyprus

The Central Bank of Cyprus ( ), is the central bank of the Republic of Cyprus, in Nicosia, the capital of Cyprus. The bank was established in 1963. Its current governor is Constantinos Herodotou. The bank issued banknotes and coins in the Cypriot pound before 2008, when Cyprus adopted the euro. 


Source:


Economy of Cyprus

The economy of Cyprus is classified by the World Bank as a high-income economy, and was included by the International Monetary Fund in the list of developed economies in 2001. On January 1, 2008, the country entered the eurozone and adopted the euro as its official currency, replacing the Cypriot pound at a fixed exchange rate. 

The Greek part of Cyprus is richer than the Turkish part and its economy is more stable, especially after Cyprus joined the European Union in 2004. The country's national product is 4.9 billion US dollars.



Andreas Demetriou

Andreas Demetriou (; born Andreas Panteli Demetriou on 15 August 1950) is a former Minister of Education and Culture of Cyprus and a psychologist. He is now the president of "The Cyprus Academy of Sciences, Letters and Arts".


Panayiotis Zavos

Panayiotis Michael Zavos (), or Panos Zavos (, ), is a Cypriot physiologist. He has been criticized for making dubious claims about his ability to clone humans. 

He claims to have cloned and implanted human embryos. His allegations, have been strongly rejected by doctors, lawmakers, religious and pressure groups after he failed to show any proof. 


Gulf Cooperation Council

The Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (), originally (and still colloquially) known as the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC; ), is an Arab regional political, economic, military and security organization. GCC has six Arab countries namely Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. The countries border the Arabian Gulf. They form the majority of the area of ​​the Arabian Peninsula. 

It was established on May 25, 1981 at the meeting held in Abu Dhabi, after it was suggested by Jaber al-Ahmad al-Sabah. The General Secretariat of the Council is currently held by Nayef Al-Hajraf. The council is based in the Saudi capital, Riyadh. 



Panicos Nicolaou

Panicos Nicolaou is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Bank of Cyprus. He is the chairman of the Board of Directors of the Association of Cyprus Banks, and a board member of the European Banking Federation.

Intent to Kill (movie)

Intent to Kill is an American 1992 independent thriller, crime drama and action movie. It is about drug trafficking, police activity and prostitution. This movie was rated NC-17 (no one seventeen and under) by the United States' Motion Picture Association of America. The reason is extreme violence. This was the first movie rated so for graphic violence instead of sexual content (like most NC-17s are).

A police detective named Vickie Stewart is undercover. She and her partner Al are on drug operations. They are searching the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The drug operation, however, takes a turn into the negative and unthinkable. Gangsters fire their weapons against the police. Vehicles began blowing up into fire. Several thugs and police officials are killed during the chaos. One major drug trafficker, Salvador, gets away and evades (avoids arrest by) police. But he forgets almost $5 million of his drugs. Salvador is an official member for the Colombian Cowboys. They're a local drug trafficking street gang.

The next morning at the station of the Los Angeles Police Department, following Salvador getting away and several police losses, Captain Jackson removes Stewart from the drug case. Later, she and the other police captain question and deal with a Hispanic prostitute by the name of Maria. She tells Vickie and the captain several of her friends raped her. But the police captain doesn't believe Maria and objectifies her. He interferes with Maria's right for filing charges against the rapists. Maria and Vickie enter the latter's late 1980s Pontiac Grand Prix two-door coupe. Vickie uses her nightstick beats two of the rapists with that weapon. She then enters the house and meets the fifth suspect. He (the suspect) is using cocaine. The suspect requests Vickie to drop her weapon and remove her clothes. She, instead, pulls her gun and fires it. The bullet blasts the cocaine-holding glass container, which shatters. She then orders the suspect to grab the phone and dial 9-1-1 (the emergency number in North America).

Meanwhile (at exactly the same time) Salvador gets several orders from his crime boss. The latter (the boss) orders Salvador to get back the drugs within a week. Otherwise, he (Salvador) will be killed.

Over the next few days, several people are knocked off (or killed) across the city as Salvador and his confidants look for their drugs.

Vickie goes to the local park. But then, later she gets home and finds her partner in bed with a brunette woman he met at the local bar. Vickie gets angry, pulls Al's car from the garage of the residence and blows the vehicle up. She then drives away from there.

Vicki later teaches martial arts training as self-defense tactics.

Later, a police-gangster gun conflict takes place. Several police officials are killed. That includes Vickie's new boyfriend and police partner. That same evening, Salvador and his confidants infiltrate (or head inside) the premises where the crime boss and the boss' friends are waiting. Salvador and his friends then shoot the boss and them to death.

Following a standoff where Vickie gets held hostage, she and Salvador get into a chase with the latter's stolen police car. The chase ends after both police cars hit the trailer of a semi tractor trailer and then turn over. Vickie then shoots Salvador dead with a shotgun.


Under the Australian Classification Board, when the movie was released on VHS, the system rated "Intent to Kill" MA15+ for "coarse language, medium level violence and drug content". That was early-to-mid May 1994. Just before its release for the United Kingdom, "Intent to Kill" was trimmed by around sixteen or seventeen seconds. The cut version was assigned "18" from the British Board of Film Classification (the BBFC) officials) in mid-November 1993. It was then released onto VHS. The Netherlands' movie ratings system officials rated "Intent to Kill" as not appropriate for audiences under age seventeen due to strong language, drug material and violence. Under the New Zealand Office of Film and Literature Classification (the OFLC), "Intent to Kill" was labeled "M" due to violence, drug use or material and profanity.

St. Matthew's Church, Starogard Gdański

St. Matthew's Church (pl. "Kościół św. Mateusza") is Roman Catholic, gothic church in Starogard Gdański in Poland.

The first church was built in XII century, current building was built in 1350. Fire destroy the church in 1461,1484 and 1655. On the Reformation time church belonged to lutherans, since 1599 again belongs to catholics.

Naomi (TV series)

Naomi is an American superhero drama television series created by Ava DuVernay and Jill Blankenship. It is based on the comic book series of the same name co-written by Brian Michael Bendis and David F. Walker and illustrated by Jamal Campbell. The show premiered on The CW on January 11, 2022.

Naomi, a cool, confident, comic book-loving teenager pursues her hidden destiny. When a supernatural event shakes her small hometown of Port Oswego, Naomi sets out to uncover its origins, with a little help from her fiercely loyal best friend Annabelle. She also has the support of her adoptive, doting parents, veteran military officer Greg and linguist Jennifer. After an encounter with Zumbado, the mysterious owner of a used car lot, leaves her shaken, Naomi turns to tattoo shop owner Dee, who becomes her reluctant mentor. While unraveling the mystery of herself, Naomi also navigates her high school friendships with both military kids and local townies, including ex-boyfriend and high school jock Nathan; Annabelle's longtime, loyal boyfriend Jacob; proud "townie" Anthony; and fellow comic book enthusiast Lourdes. As Naomi journeys to the heights of the multiverse in search of answers, what she discovers challenges her beliefs about heroes.



The Thundermans

The Thundermans is an American superhero teen sitcom created by Jed Spingarn. It aired on Nickelodeon from October 14, 2013 to May 25, 2018. The series stars Kira Kosarin, Jack Griffo, Addison Riecke, Diego Velazquez, Chris Tallman, Rosa Blasi, and Maya Le Clark. It also features the voice of Dana Snyder as Dr. Colosso.

The series revolves around the Thundermans, a family with superpowers who try to live normal lives in the fictional town of Hiddenville. Phoebe dreams of being a superhero and using her powers for good, while her twin brother Max wants to be the next big supervillain and use his powers for evil. Parents Hank and Barb attempt to live normal lives and not use their superpowers – albeit not very successfully – while Nora and Billy enjoy using theirs whenever possible. A former supervillain named Dr. Colosso has been transmogrified into a rabbit and lives in Max's lair in the basement, offering him advice on becoming a villain. 

At the end of the second season, Chloe is introduced as the baby sister.
During the third season, Phoebe starts training to become a superhero, while the master super villain, Dark Mayhem, trains Max to become a villain. At the end of the season, Dark Mayhem (Jamieson Price) asks Max to prove he is a villain by taking away Phoebe's powers. However, Max chooses his family and becomes a superhero instead by helping them take down Dark Mayhem.
During the fourth season, Max and Phoebe, under their Thunder Twins team-up, are selected as candidates for membership to the elite Hero League team called the Z-Force. Halfway through the season, Phoebe accidentally absorbs Dark Mayhem's powers, which turn her evil, but her family saves her. At the end, Phoebe and Max become the new Z-Force leaders and enroll the Thundermans as members.


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Baray

A baray () is a man-made body of water. They are a common part of the architectural style of the Khmer Empire of Southeast Asia. The largest are the East Baray and West Baray. They are in the Angkor area. Each is rectangular in shape, oriented east-west and measuring about . Historians are not certain about the meaning and functions of barays. Some think that they were spiritual. They think they represent the Sea of Creation around Mount Meru. Others sau that they held water for irrigation of fields. Others believe that it was used to store water. This is the current most popular theory. It is possible that the function was a combination of these reasons, or others. 

Tages-Anzeiger

Tages-Anzeiger is a large Swiss newspaper, which is focused on the Greater Zürich region. In Switzerland, it is often called Tagi. It is the newspaper with the highest circulation, among the subscription-based newspapers in Switzerland. It reaches about 338,000 people a day. Together with Blick and Neue Zürcher Zeitung, it is one of the most influential newspapers in the German-speaking part of Switzerland. The newspaper often has a left-wing, liberal focus. 

Tages-Anzeiger was first published on March 2, 1893. It wanted to reach a large readership, and also targeted women. It also wanted to be seen as independent of political parties. In 1931, Adolf Hitler published an article, ""Was wollen wir Nationalsozialisten"," in 1933, Benito Mussolini published seven articles. Winston Churchill also published articles.

Baisweil

Baisweil is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Bidingen

Bidingen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.


Biessenhofen

Biessenhofen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Eggenthal

Eggenthal is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Allgäu region.
There are the districts Bayersried and Eggenthal. There are also the villages of Romatsried and Holzstetten as well as several small hamlets.

Eisenberg, Bavaria

Eisenberg is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Friesenried

Friesenried is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Friesenried is twinned with the town of North Walsham in Norfolk.

Germaringen

Germaringen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Görisried

Görisried is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Günzach

Günzach is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Halblech

Halblech is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Hopferau

Hopferau is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Irsee

Irsee is a village and municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.


Jengen

Jengen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The town has a municipal association with Buchloe.

Kaltental

Kaltental is a market town and municipality of Ostallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Kraftisried

Kraftisried is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Lamerdingen

Lamerdingen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The town has a municipal association with Buchloe.

Lechbruck

Lechbruck is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the west edge of the river Lech.

Lengenwang

Lengenwang is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Blick

Blick is a Swiss daily newspaper. It has a circulation that reaches about 472.000 readers a day. It was founded in 1959, as a tabloid. Like most tabloid newspapers, Blick is on right-wing of the political spectrum.

COVID-19 pandemic in Minnesota

The COVID-19 pandemic began affecting the state of Minnesota on March 6, 2020. On March 13, 2020 (when the number of confirmed cases had hit 14), Governor Tim Walz declared a state of emergency for the entire state.

In early- to mid-January 2022, Governor Walz was pledging to support hospitals when the COVID-19 Omicron variant was spreading.

The COVID-19 death count as of January 14, 2022 was 10,971. Overall Minnesota cases by January 14 had hit just below 1.14 million.

Maen al Qatamin

Maen Mardi Abdullah Al Qatamin (August 1, 1968 -) is a Jordanian politician, economist and academic. He held the positions of Minister of Labor and Minister of State for Investment Affairs from October 12, 2020 until the date of his resignation, March 6, 2021.

He also served as the director of the Private Office of the Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Knowledge Horizons in the UAE, Jordan and India. He was also the Vice President of the University of Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Cypriot pound

The Cypriot pound, also known as the Cypriot lira (, plural , and , , from the Latin through the Italian ), was the national currency used in Cyprus until December 31, 2007. It was replaced by the euro in Cyprus and Malta on January 1, 2008 at a fixed exchange rate of 0.585274 pound per euro. 

In the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, which is only recognized by Turkey, the Turkish lira is used as the currency since 1974.



Joseph Wirth

Karl Joseph Wirth (1879-1956) was a German politician. He was a member of the Centre Party (Deutsche Zentrumspartei). From May 10,1921 to November 14, 1922 he was chancellor of the Weimar Republic. When he started his office as chancellor, he was the youngest chancellor in office. The party he was part of was Catholic, and he was seen as being part of the left wing of that party. Germany had lost the First World War. Wirth was criticized because he wanted to cooperate with the winners of the war. In 1922, he thought that the winners of the war in the West had made too few concessions. For that reason, Wirth talked to Soviet Russia, who had made an offer for a treaty. The result was the Treaty of Rapallo, of 1922. After the Second World War, Wirth worked towards German reunification. When the Ermächtigungsgesetz was passed, brining the Nazis to power in 1933, Wirth emigrated, first to Switzerland, then to the United States, and France. Wirth returned to Germany in 1949.

By profession, Wirth was an economist and mathematician.

Wirth wanted to serve as a volunteer in the First World War, but was not seen as fit to serve as a soldier. From 1914 to 1919 he worked with the Red Cross, at the Western Front.

Colleyville synagogue hostage crisis

On January 15, 2022, a gunman, Malik Faisal Akram, entered a reform synagogue in Colleyville, Texas, United States. He took four people prisoner, creating a hostage situation that lasted 10 hours. It ended when the FBI hostage team went into the synagogue. The man with the gun was killed. The synagogue is called Congregation Beth Israel.

At 10:41 in the morning, a man with a gun went inside the building and took hostages. He was dressed like a homeless person that needed shelter. The Colleyville Police Department shared a tweet at 11:30am saying the SWAT team was working in the area. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Texas Department of Public Safety arrived a short time later. People who live around the synagogue were evacuated, or told to leave, for their safety.

Some news agencies said the man was the brother of Aafia Siddiqui, who is from Pakistan, and he wanted her to be let out of prison. In 2010, Siddiqui was convicted of attempted murder of a United States Army captain while they were both in Afghanistan. Siddiqui has a brother. However, his lawyer says that the man in the synagogue was not him or anyone in their family. Later, law enforcement officials said the man had told the rabbi to make a phone call for him. In the phone call, the man said he wanted his "sister" Siddiqui let out of prison. It is possible the man did not really mean Siddiqui was his sister. Instead, he may have said "sister" as a figure of speech.

The man came into the building during the synagogue's Saturday Shabbat holy day services. The people in the synagogue had put up a video camera so they could livestream the ceremony on the Internet. This video of the synagogue's service was recording when the man took Rabbi Charlie Cytron-Walker and three other people hostage. His face did not show up in the video, but people on the Internet could hear his voice. The man who took the hostages said, "If anyone tries to enter this building, I'm telling you...everyone will die" and "I'm going to die. Don't cry about me..."

One of the hostages was released six hours later.

At about 9 p.m., the FBI went into the building. All of the hostages came out alive. The man who took them prisoner did not.

The hostage taker was British citizen Malik Faisal Akram (1977-2022), who was from Blackburn, Lancashire, England.

The White House said the President had been told what was happening. US House Representative Colin Allred who is from Texas said he was praying for the people of the synagogue.White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said people on the National Security team were talking to federal law enforcement leaders about the attack. US Senator Ted Cruz also said that he had informed federal law enforcements, he also said he will be speaking to the Jewish community leaders throughout the evening and the situation.

Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett said he was watching the standoff between law enforcement and the gunmen. The Prime Minister also said, “We pray for the safety of the hostages and rescuers,” on his official Twitter account. Yair Lapid, the Alternate Prime Minister of Israel, said the government of Israel was in contact with law enforcement. Lapid also said Israeli Consulate General Livia Link was leaving Houston, Texas to go to the synagogue.

Congregation Beth Israel was started in 1998. It became a full synagogue in 1999. It moved to the building it is in now in 2005.

Helmuth Hubener

Helmuth Hübener (January 8, 1925-October 27, 1942) was a German youth who was executed for his opposition to the Nazi Regime. Beheaded at age 17, he was the youngest person to be executed by the Nazis for resistance work.

Helmuth was born on January 8, 1925, the youngest of three children. He belonged to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

Since early childhood, Hübener had been a member of the Boy Scouts, an organization strongly supported by the LDS Church, but in 1935 the Nazis banned scouting from Germany. He then joined the Hitler Youth, as required by the government, but quit after the Kristallnacht in 1938, when the Nazis, including the Hitler Youth, destroyed Jewish businesses and homes.

After Hübener finished middle school in 1941, he began an apprenticeship in administration at the Hamburg Social Authority (Sozialbehörde). He met other apprentices there, one of whom, Gerhard Düwer, he would later recruit into his resistance movement. At a bathhouse, he met new friends, one of whom had a communist family background and, as a result, he began listening to enemy radio broadcasts. Listening to foreign media was at the time strictly forbidden in Nazi Germany, being considered a form of treason.

After finding out that his brother Gerhard had a shortwave radio, Helmuth began listening on his own. Using what he learned on the BBC channel, Helmuth began composing leaflets with the intent of sharing the truth about the Nazis and the war.

At first the leaflets were only written and distributed by himself. Soon however, Rudi Wobbe, Karl-Heinz Schnibbe, and Gerhard Düwer began listening to the BBC broadcasts and helping him distribute his leaflets around Hamburg, leaving them on billboards, stuffing them into coat pockets, and leaving them in post boxes.

On February 5, 1942, Helmuth was captured while attempting to get one of his friends to translate the leaflets into French so they could be handed out to prisoners of war.

At his trial on August 11, 1942, he was tried as an adult by the People’s Court (Volksgerichtshof) in Berlin, which had jurisdiction over matters of treason. Hübener was sentenced to death. After the sentence was read, Hübener faced the judges and said: "Now I must die, even though I have committed no crime. So now it's my turn, but your turn will come." His civil rights were also stripped from him, which gave the guard’s the ability to torture and abuse him without fear of retribution.

Petitions for clemency were denied. On October 27 Helmuth was told he would be executed later that day. He was told this at 1:05 pm. The execution was carried out by guillotine at 8:13 pm.

Chief Information Security Officer

Chief information security officer (CISO) is the executive that is responsible for an organization's information and data security. While in the past the role has been rather narrowly defined along those lines, these days the title is often used with CSO and VP of security. This indicates a more expansive role in organizations.

Enock Mwepu

Enock Mwepu (born 1 January 1998) is a Zambian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. In October 2022, he was forced to retire following the discovery of a hereditary heart condition.

He started with Kafue Celtic in Lusaka. In June 2017 he went toRed Bull Salzburg. There he was loaned to FC Liefering who play in Austrian Football First League.

in the 2019-20 season he became part of the first team. He made his debut in the UEFA Champions League during a 4–3 loss to Liverpool at Anfield.

On 18 December 2019, Mwepu extended his contract with Salzburg until summer 2024. 2021 he went to Brighton and Hove Albion in the Premier League. On October 10 2022, he was forced to retire following the discovery of a hereditary heart condition. 

In 2014 Mwepu playeed for the national under-17 team that represented the country at the 2015 African U-17 Championship. 2017 he played in the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations in Zambia. Mwepu scored his first international goal for Zambia in an AFCON Qualifier against Algeria on 2 September 2017 at the National Heroes Stadium in Lusaka.

His younger brother Francisco Mwepu is also a professional footballer. He plays for FC Cádiz Mirandilla, the second team of Cádiz CF.

Red Bull Salzburg
Zambia U20

Paddington Bear (TV series)

Paddington Bear is a 1989-1990 American animated series and was the second adaption of "Paddington Bear" by Michael Bond. It ran for 13 episodes and the main character is voiced by Stephen Yardley.

Michael Jackson (radio commentator)

Michael Robin Jackson (16 April 1934 – 15 January 2022) was a British-American talk radio host and occasional actor. He was based in the Los Angeles area. Jackson is best known for his radio show which covered arts, politics, and human interest subjects, particularly in the Los Angeles and greater Southern California area in the era before "shock jocks". His show originally aired on L.A. radio station KABC and aired on KGIL for a short time.

Jackson died of problems caused by Parkinson's disease on 15 January 2022, aged 87.

Virginia Giuffre v. Prince Andrew

Virginia Giuffre v. Prince Andrew is an American lawsuit that started in 2021. Virginia Giuffre is the plaintiff and Prince Andrew, Duke of York is the defendant in a civil lawsuit (see civil law), at the lower courts of the federal court system of the United States.

On February 15, 2022 the lawsuit was settled; The lawsuit will not go to trial.

The lawsuit says that Andrew had sex in 2001 with Giuffre when she was 17 years old; Prince Andrew "has strongly denied any wrongdoing", media said.

Previously, on January 12, 2022 the judge Lewis A. Kaplan gave permission for the lawsuit to go on.

Andrew has asked for a jury trial, media said.

In 2011 Giuffre got "$160,000 from the Daily Mail for an interview in which she described meeting Prince Andrew" when Giuffre and Jeffrey Epstein took a trip to London in 2001.

In 2014, her story about having "sex with Andrew three times", was made public; That story says that she had sex with Andrew in London in 2001, and again in New York, and at age 18 in the Virgin Islands.

Before the lawsuit of 2021, there have been mistakes in what Giuffre has said. Giuffre's testimony was not used in the trial (in 2021) and conviction against Ghislaine Maxwell.

Giuffre worked at Mar-a-Lago during "the summer she turned 17"; there she became an acquaintance of Maxwell; Thru Maxwell, she met Jeffrey Epstein. Giuffre tried to sell a memoir to publishers; In it Giuffre said that she had been on Epstein's estate on her 16th birthday.

The lawsuit has been received by the District Court for the Southern District of New York.

By 14 July 2022, any depositions – out-of-court testimony – for the case have to be given to the court; Judge Kaplan said that.

Media is claiming that Andrew has made an agreement to answer - under oath - questions during a meeting (in England) with Giuffre's lawyers, sometime in March.

The lawsuit is accusing Andrew of "sexual assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress." Giuffre says that she has experienced sexual abuse from Andrew.

In courts, David Boies and his firm Boies Schiller Flexner started representing Giuffre "pro bono" in 2014.

International media have written about the lawsuit.

Graphic violence

Graphic violence also known as explicit violence refers to when violence in media is vivid or realistic. Examples of graphic violence include mutilation, bloodshed and removing any animal or human body parts. Others include murder, suicide and assault by weapon.

Graphic (or explicit) violence happens in movies, television, video games and on many news media related broadcasts. Examples of movies or television with graphic violence are "Intent to Kill", "Man Bites Dog", "True Lies", "Color of Night", "Hideaway", "Seven", "Crash" and "Starship Troopers".

Video games that have graphic violence include "Mortal Kombat" games, "Killer Instinct games", "Grand Theft Auto" games, and "The Manhunt" games.
There are several cases where movies may have been rated NC-17 for explicit violence. Few, however, have really kept the NC-17 rating. Those that have include "Intent to Kill" (1992), "Man Bites Dog" (1992) and "100 Tears" (2007 horror movie). Other similar movies have gone unrated. These include "Hatchet" (a 2006 horror movie) and "The Antichrist" (a controversial 2009 movie).

Some video games were labeled 'AO' (Adults Only) by the Entertainment Software Rating Board because of graphic violence. Several reverted the rating to 'M' (Mature). AO means that nobody age 17 and under can play, buy or rent the games in question. An M means not suitable for under 17 audiences to buy, play or rent.

Ecnomiohyla thysanota

The Cerro Mali tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla thysanota") is a frog that lives in eastern Panama.

Roopa Ganguly

Roopa Ganguly is an Indian actress, playback singer and politician. She is known for her role of Draupadi in B R Chopra's television series "Mahabharat". She is a trained Rabindra Sangeet vocalist and a classical dancer. She has received awards like National Award and BFJA Awards. In October 2016, she was nominated as a Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha, by the President of India. She served as the President of BJP Mahila Morcha in West Bengal.

Nanto, Toyama


From Japanese census data,


Dominik Szoboszlai

Dominik Szoboszlai (; (born 25 October 2000) is a Hungarian footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Liverpool and captains the Hungary national team.

He played for the youth youth of Videoton, Főnix-GOLD, Újpest Dosza and MTK Budapest. 2016 he went to Austria and played for the Red Bull Academy.

Szoboszlai made his professional debut in the 2017–18 season with the Liefering in the second division against Kapfenberg on 21 July 2017. He scored his first professional goal against FC Blau-Weiß Linz on 4 August 2017.
He made his debut for FC Red Bull Salzburg against Austria Wien on 27 May 2018. He substituted Enock Mwepu in the 57th minute. He scored his first goal for the club in 6–0 Austrian Cup win against SC Eglo Schwarz His first league goal he scored against Wacker Innsbruck on 17 March 2019. On 17 September 2019 he made his Champions League debut and scored his first goal in this competition against Genk in a 6–2 victory.

On 17 December 2020 he signed a four-and-a-half-year contract with RB Leipzig. With a price of €20 million, Szoboszlai became the most expensive Hungarian player in history. Due to an injury he could not play in the 2020–21 season. He debuted on 7 August 2021 in a German Cup game against SV Sandhausen, where he entered the pitch in the 78th minute and scored three minutes later. On 20 August, he scored his first two goals in Bundesliga in a 4–0 win over VfB Stuttgart. 

Szoboszlai was the captain of Hungary U17 team during the 2017 UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Croatia. There he scored two goals and his team finished 6th in this tournament. He also was the captain of Hungary U19 team during the 2019 UEFA European Under-19 Championship campaign. He made his debut for U-21 team against Germany U21 on 1 September 2017. He made his debut for the senior squad on 21 March 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Slovakia as a 54th-minute substitute for László Kleinheisler. He scored his first international goal against the same opponent, Slovakia, in the same UEFA Euro 2020 run in a free kick at home.

He scored in yet another free kick in the 2020–21 UEFA Nations League B against Turkey, where Hungary emerged victoriously 1–0 away against Turkey in Sivas.

Red Bull Salzburg

RB Leipzig
Individual

Rejuvenation

Rejuvenation is the reversal of ageing.

Ageing is the accumulation of cellular and molecular damage on the body. If this damage can be repaired, it is rejuvenation.

The SENS Research Foundation founded by Aubrey de Grey classified seven types of damages that lead to ageing. The organization also proposed strategies for repairing these (Strategies for engineered negligible senescence).

Caisis

Caisis is an ope-source patience management application. It was initially released in 2012 under GNU General Public License V2 license for Windows platform.

The software was started from a project at the Department of Urology in Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center and later developed at BioDigital.

Oyabe, Toyama


From Japanese census data,


Duje Caleta-Car

Duje Ćaleta-Car ( born 17 September 1996) is a Croatian professional footballer He plays as a centre-back for Ligue 1 club Marseille and the Croatia national team. He was a member of the Croatian squad which ended as runners-up to France in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

He started with his local club HNK Šibenik. Then he went on to FC Pasching in Austria. Ćaleta-Car joined FC Liefering in 2014 on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.. He made his Austrian Football First League debut with FC Liefering on 25 July 2014 against FAC Team für Wien.

From 2015 till 2028 he played for FC Red Bull Salzburg 84 matches with four goals in the Austrian Bundesliga. 2017-18 he was part of the team which reached the Europa-League semifinals.

On 20 July 2018 Ćaleta-Car went to Olympique de Marseille on a five-year deal for a transfer fee of €19 million. Upon his arrival, Ćaleta-Car was given the squad shirt number 15. On 29 September 2019 he scored his first goal for Marseille, the equalizer in a 1–1 draw with Rennes.
A year before the end of his contract he moved to Southampton FC.
He played for Croatia U17, U18, U19 and U21 national football team. In October 2015, Ćaleta-Car received a first call-up for the senior national team for the Euro 2016 qualifying matches against Bulgaria and Malta. He was in the first 27 players team called for the Euro 2016 but was dropped.

In May 2018, he was named in Croatia's preliminary 32-man squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. On 3 June he made his international debut in a friendly match against Brazil, coming on as a substitute for Vedran Ćorluka in the 52nd minute.

Ćaleta-Car was selected in the 23-man squad that travelled to the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. He made his World Cup debut in Croatia's final group game, a 2–1 win over Iceland. Croatia finish second in the tournament.
He is married and father of a son.

Red Bull Salzburg

Croatia
Individual
Orders

DHIS

District Health Information Software (DHIS) is an open-source software to compile reports and do analysis of health related data.

It was developed by Health Information Systems Programme with the coordination of the Department of Informatics at the University of Oslo. It is globally supported by a number of organizations including NORAD, PEPFAR, The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, UNICEF and the University of Oslo.

Gapo

Gapo is a social networking platform which is headquerted at Hanoi, Vietnam. It also offers its user to pay online and access various public services.

It was established in 2019 by Hà Trung Kiên and Duong Vi Khoa.

Bolt (web browser)

Bolt was a mobile web browser for smartphones and feature phones that runs on Java ME. It was developed by Bitstream Inc. and released in 2009. However, it was discontinued at the end of 2011.

UC Browser

UC Browser is a mobile web browser. It was banned in India in 2020 for privacy issues and also banned in China in 2021 due to complaints of showing deceptive medical advertisements. 

UC Browser was originally developed for Java ME smartphones in 2004 by UCWeb which is a subsidiary of the Alibaba Group. It is now available for Android, iOS, BlackBerry OS, Java ME, Symbian, Windows Phone, and Microsoft Windows platform.

Compulsive hoarding

Compulsive hoarding (also known as a hoarding disorder) is a psychiatric health issue (ICD-11, 2018). It refers to higher than usual difficulty discarding one's own possessions or materials, even when they're of no special value. This usually happens in residences (homes, rental property and townhouses) where there are too many items and not enough room, cabinets, or containers in which to store things. Also, those who hoard do not want to get rid of the items. That is especially true with old unneeded items.

Hoarding isn't the same as collecting. The difference between the two is collectors are more likely to get possessions and valuable material in a targeted, organized and intentional way. Those who hoard often have an obsession and hardly any active planning. The mere sight of the objects may cause this. The objects do not really have any consistent theme. Collectors of objects have narrow focus on particular (or same/similar) topics. One of the signs of hoarding problems is heavy, disorganized clutter.

Hoarding is usually, though not always, connected to depression, intellectual disability (having IQ levels 70 and below), borderline intelligence (IQ levels from 71 to 85), anxiety disorders, autism spectrum disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) and obsessive compulsive disorder.

Other reasons for which someone may hoard include:


Hoarding can sometimes lead to places being condemned. Property tenants are then removed when health department officials, building inspectors or the fire marshals become involved. Hoarding may also increase fire risk and attract insects (including cockroaches, ants, centipedes, maggots and spiders).

Jackson Hole Aerial Tram

Jackson Hole Aerial Tram (also known as Jackson Hole Musical Tram) is an aerial tramway located at Jackson Hole Mountain Resort in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. The tram takes people to the top of the Rendezvous Mountain at the resort, located just north of downtown Jackson, Wyoming.

Avtandil Jorbenadze

Avtandil Jorbenadze (born 23 February 1951) is a Georgian doctor, politician, and former State Minister of Georgia. He was minister before the Rose Revolution in Georgia. He also held the position of health minister.


Nazi concentration camp badge

Nazi concentration camp badges were colored pieces of fabric used by the Nazis to identify concentration camp prisoners during World War II.

Prisoners had to sew these badges onto their uniform jackets and pants. The badges used a color coding system to show why each prisoner had been sent to the camp. Different colors and shapes had different meanings. The prisoners were required to wear these badges of shame.

The badges helped guards assign tasks to the prisoners. If a prisoner's badge marked them as an escape suspect, the SS would not allow them to work outside the camp fence. If a prisoner had an F on their badge (meaning they were French), guards could force them to help translate instructions to new prisoners from France. If a guard looked at a prisoner and saw a green badge, the guard knew right away that the person was a convicted criminal. Guards often assigned these "green triangles" to be kapos. These were prisoners who were assigned to help the SS run the camps. Many kapos used abuse and violence to control other prisoners. 

Some historical monuments use images of these identification badges to symbolize the victims of the concentration camps.

Today, some people use a pink triangle emblem to symbolize gay rights.

Different camps used different systems of badges. In the later stages of World War II, the use of badges became less common in some camps. The following description is based on the badge coding system used in the Dachau concentration camp. This camp had one of the more detailed coding systems.

Most badges were inverted triangles. (This meant the widest part of the triangle was at the top of the shape, not the bottom.) The Nazis chose this shape because it looked like triangular road hazard signs that are common in Germany.

Single triangles of different colors identified different types of prisoners.

The Nazis made many different types of prisoners wear black triangles. The black triangle identified people who the Nazis called 'asocial' () or 'work-shy' (). These included alcoholics, drug addicts, homeless people, beggars, people with disabilities, prostitutes, lesbians, pacifists, and people who refused to be conscripted into the German armed forces.

Black triangles also marked Roma and Sinti people. They wore the black triangle with a Z on it (for , meaning Gypsy). Romani men were later assigned a brown triangle. However, Romani women always wore black triangles. The Nazis believed many stereotypes about Romani women. They thought these women were petty criminals (prostitutes, kidnappers, and fortune tellers). For this reason, the Nazis never stopped calling Romani women "asocial." Many of these women were forcibly sterilized.

The Nazis also used the black triangle to identify people with mental illnesses and "mentally disabled" people. Written on their badges was the word , which means "stupid." This category included people with autism. (At that time, autism was called Asperger's Syndrome, named after Austrian pediatrician Hans Asperger, who was involved with the Nazis). People with schizophrenia and epilepsy also wore black triangles. Instead of being sent to concentration camps, many people in this group were forcibly sterilized, shot, or gassed in psychiatric institutions as part of the T4 Euthanasia Program.

Other people with disabilities, like diabetes, also had to wear the black triangle. (The Nazis thought that diabetes was a 'Jewish disease.' There was no evidence for this claim. Instead, it was a result of antisemitism in medicine, science, and culture.)

Red triangles identified political prisoners. These included: 


Green triangles identified convicts and criminals (who often worked as "kapos").

Blue triangles identified foreign forced laborers and emigrants from Nazi-controlled countries. This category included apatrides (stateless people, who were not citizens of any country). Spanish refugees from Francoist Spain belonged to this category. Because these people did not support the dictatorship of Francisco Franco, the Spanish government cancelled their citizenship.

Purple triangles identified the Nazis' religious enemies. Over 99% of these people were Jehovah's Witnesses. Members of other small pacifist religious groups also wore purple triangles.

Pink triangles usually identified homosexual men and others who the Nazis called homosexual (like bisexual men and transgender women). The Nazis also used pink triangles to identify sexual offenders, paedophiles, and zoophiles. The Nazis forcibly sterilized many people in this group.

Uninverted red triangles identified several groups of people:

The Nazis used double-triangle badges to identify Jewish prisoners. These badges were made of two overlapping triangles. These two triangles formed a Star of David, a Jewish symbol.


People who wore inverted pink, green, voided black, and yellow double badges were usually convicted by criminal courts before they were sent to concentration camps.

Some double-triangle badges identified non-Jews. For example, at Mauthausen, Spanish Republicans had to wear a blue inverted triangle superimposed upon a red one.

In addition to color-coding, non-German prisoners were marked by the first letter of the German name for their home country or ethnic group. Red triangle with a letter, for example: 


Polish emigrant laborers originally wore a purple diamond with a yellow backing. A letter P (for "Polen") was cut out of the purple cloth to show the yellow backing beneath.

Furthermore, repeat offenders (, meaning recidivists) had to wear bars over their stars or triangles. Different colors represented different crimes: 


Later in the war (late 1944), to save cloth, Jewish prisoners wore a yellow bar over a regular point-down triangle to indicate their status. For instance, regular Jews would wear a yellow bar over a red triangle, while Jewish criminals would wear a yellow bar over a green triangle.

Triangles appear on many postwar memorials to the Nazis' victims. These shapes represent the identification patches used in the camps. Sometimes, plain or colored triangles represent all categories of inmates. Often, inverted red triangles represent all victims of the concentration camps, including also the non-Jewish victims like Slavs, Poles, communists, homosexuals, Roma and Sinti, people with disabilities, Soviet POWs, and Jehovah's Witnesses. 

Some Holocaust memorials use more specific triangles. An inverted pink triangle symbolizes gay victims. A yellow and/or non-inverted triangle generally stands for Jewish victims. Some monuments also include badges with nationality letters.

In June 2020, Donald Trump was running for re-election. His campaign posted an advertisement on Facebook which said that "Dangerous MOBS of far-left groups are running through our streets and causing absolute mayhem." The ads identified these groups as "ANTIFA" and used an image of a downward-pointing red triangle. These ads appeared on the Facebook pages of Donald Trump, the Trump campaign, and Vice President Mike Pence. Many observers compared the graphic to the symbol used by the Nazis for identifying political prisoners such as communists, social democrats and socialists. Many noted that there were 88 ads. Neo-Nazis use the number 88 as an abbreviation for the Nazi salute "Heil Hitler". (The letter H is the eighth in the alphabet, so 88 stands for "HH.")

Facebook removed the campaign ads that used the red triangle symbol, saying that its use in this context violated their policy against "organized hate". The Trump campaign's communications director wrote that "The red triangle is a common Antifa symbol used in an ad about Antifa." However, the historian Mark Bray, who wrote "", disagreed. He said that the symbol Antifa in the United States does not use this symbol.

Informational notes
Citations
Bibliography



Birth weight

Birth weight is the weight of a baby at birth. The average birth weight in babies of Europeans is ; the range of normal weights is from . On average, babies of south Asian and Chinese people weigh about . The birth weight of a baby is important. Babies with a low birth weight are 100 times more likely to die compared to babies with a normal one. The rates of babies with low birth weight have changed: In 1970, 7.9% had a low birth weight, in 1980, this dropped to 6.8%, in 2006, it slightly increased to 8.3% in 2006; and the current level is at 8.2%, for the year 2016. The prevalence of low birth weight has trended slightly upward from 2012 to present day.

Studies have tried to link birth weight with other conditions that occur in later life, such as diabetes, obesity, tobacco smoking, and intelligence. Low birth weight is associated neonatal infection and infant mortality.


To some extent, birth weight is heritable: If their parents had a low birth weight the babies may also have one. (This is the same for a high birth weight). The heritability of birth weight ranges from 25-40 %. There is a complex relationship between a baby's genes and the maternal environment that the child is developing in. Foetal genes influence how the fetus grows in the womb, and the genes of the mother influence how the environment affects the growing fetus.

The health of the mother during pregnancy can affect birth weight. The fact that the mother is sick during the pregnancy, or that she has a chronic condition can affect birth weight. Usually, this will lead to a lower bith weight. For example, celiac disease confers an odds ratio of low birth weight of approximately 1.8. Certain drugs, such as those used to treat high blood pressure or epilepsy can also have this effect. Other factors that affect birth weight are that if the mother is going to give birth to twins, which is called multiple births in English. Another factor that affects birth weight is the age of the mother: Girls 15 or younger, or women over 35 have a higher risk of having a child with a low birth weight. 

Stressful events have significant effects on birth weight. Mothers who are exposed to stressful events during their pregnancy have a higher risk to give birth to babies with a low birth weight. This is especially true if the events happen during the first or the second trimester. Reserchers also found that stressful events that happen before conception can also have a negative effect. The same is true for women who were exposed to situations of abuse. 

The environment the woman lives in can also determine the weight of the baby. One of these factors is secondhand smoke 

Environmental factors, including exposure of the mother to secondhand smoke can be a factor in determining the birth weight of child. In 2014, 13% of children exposed to smoke were born with low birth weight compared with 7.5% of those children born to nonsmokers. Children born to mothers who smoked or were exposed to secondhand smoke are more likely to develop health problems earlier in life such as neurodevelopmental delays. When mothers actively smoke during pregnancy, their child is at a higher risk of being born with a low birth weight. Smoking can also be a stress management tool used by expecting mothers. There is some support for lower socioeconomic status of the parents being a determinant of low birth weight, but there is conflicting evidence, as socioeconomic status is tied to many other factors.

Most babies admitted to the intensive care unit are born before 37 weeks of pregnancy or have low birth weight which is less than 5.5 pounds. They could also have a medical condition that requires special care. In the United States nearly half a million babies are born preterm. Because of this, many of these babies also have low birth weights. There are four levels of care in the neonatal care units. Intensive Care, High Dependency Care, Low Dependency, and Transitional Care are the four levels:


Children born with an very low birth weight can have significant problems during the first few years of life. They may have trouble gaining weight, obtaining adequate nutrition, and supporting a strong immune system. They also have higher risks of dying, behavior problems, and mental deficiencies. Low birth weight babies are more likely to develop the following conditions after birth compared to normal birth weight babies:



Fifth (unit)

A fifth is a unit of volume which was used for beverages, in the United States. It was called fifth, because it was the fifth part of a US liquid gallon. This means, that it held . In Europe, it was soon replaced by a bottle size of 750ml, which is one of the common sizes for bottles of wine, sparkling wines, but also of many liquors. The size of 750ml is sometimes called metric fifth, because it uses the metric system.

2022 Hunga Tonga eruption and tsunami

A very large eruption of Hunga Tonga–Hunga Haʻapai, a volcanic island of Tonga in the Pacific Ocean. It began on 14 January 2022. Hunga Tonga is north of Tongatapu, the country's main island. 

The eruption caused tsunamis in Tonga, Fiji, American Samoa and parts of the Pacific Ocean. Warnings were issued in Fiji, Samoa, Vanuatu, New Zealand, Australia, Japan, Russia, the United States, Canada, Mexico, Chile and Ecuador. 

Damaging tsunami waves were reported in New Zealand, the United States, Chile and Peru. It is the largest volcanic eruption of the 21st century and the largest since the 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubo.

Hunga Tonga

Hunga Tonga–Hunga Haapai is a volcanic island in Tonga. It is about south of the submarine volcano of Fonuafoou and north of Tongatapu, the country's main island

The volcano is part of the highly active Tonga–Kermadec Islands volcanic arc.

On 14 January 2022, it erupted violently.

Anwar Raslan

Anwar Raslan () (born 3 February 1963) is a former Syrian colonel. He led a unit of Syria's General Intelligence Directorate. 

In January 2022, he was convicted of crimes against humanity in a German court with. The specific charges against him were 4,000 counts of torture, 58 counts of murder, and rape and sexual coercion. His case was the first international war crimes case against a member of the Syrian government during the presidency of Bashar al-Assad.

Norman Podhoretz

Norman Podhoretz (; born January 16, 1930) is an American magazine editor, writer, and conservative political commentator. He was born in New York City. His views are seen as "paleo-neoconservative". He is a writer for "Commentary" magazine. He was the publication's editor-in-chief from 1960 to 1995.

Podhoretz studied at Columbia University and Clare College, Cambridge. He married Midge Decter in 1956. They have two childen. Decter died in 2022.

Midge Decter

Midge Rosenthal Decter (July 25, 1927 – May 9, 2022) was an American journalist and author. She was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. She wrote for "Commentary" magazine. She also wrote articles for "First Things", "The Atlantic", "National Review", "The New Republic", "The Weekly Standard", and the "American Spectator".

Decter studied at the University of Minnesota and New York University. She married Norman Podhoretz in 1956. They had two children. She died on May 9, 2022 in New York City, aged 94.

Françoise Forton

Françoise Forton (8 July 1957 – 16 January 2022) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. Her career began in 1969. She was known for her telenovela roles. She appeared in "Estúpido Cupido" and "Tieta".

Forton died on 16 January 2022 at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro from cancer, aged 64.

Nino Cerruti

Nino Cerruti (25 September 1930 – 15 January 2022) was an Italian fashion designer. He also started the brand Cerruti. Soon after his father's death he ran a textile mill. He showed his first fashion collection in 1957. He was born in Biella, Italy.

Cerruti died from problems caused by hip surgery on 15 January 2022 in Vercelli, Italy at the age of 91.

María Cristina Sangri Aguilar

María Cristina Sangri Aguilar (1 January 1941 – 15 January 2022) was a Mexican politician. She was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. She was on the Chamber of Deputies from 1985 to 1991. She was born in Chetumal, Mexico.

Sangri Aguilar died in Chetumal on 15 January 2022, at the age of 81.

Ramazan Rragami

Ramazan Rragami (3 April 1944 – 15 January 2022) was an Albanian football player and coach. He played for the Albania national team between 1965 until 1973, making twenty appearances. He also played for KF Vllaznia Shkodër, FK Partizani Tirana and KF Skënderbeu Korçë. His career began in 1960 and he retired in 2000. He was born in Shkodër, Austria.

Rragami died on 15 January 2022, at the age of 77.



Alexa McDonough

Alexa Ann McDonough ( Shaw; August 11, 1944 – January 15, 2022) was a Canadian politician. She was born in Ottawa, Ontario. She was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly between 1981 until 1995. She was a member of the Parliament of Canada between 1997 until 2007. McDonough was the Leader of the New Democratic Party between 1995 until 2003.

McDonough died on January 15, 2022 in Halifax, Nova Scotia from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 77.

Yuri Zhuravlyov (mathematician)

Yuri Ivanovich Zhuravlyov (; 14 January 1935 – 14 January 2022) was a Russian mathematician. Zhuravlev was a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences since 1992. He was also the Editor-in-Chief of the international journal "Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis".

Zhuravlyov died in Moscow, Russia on 14 January 2022, on his 87th birthday.

Dave Wolverton

John David Wolverton (May 15, 1957 – January 14, 2022), better known by his pen names Dave Wolverton and David Farland, was an American author, editor, and educator. He wrote many genres but was known best for his science fiction and fantasy works. He was known for his Runelords series. 

In 1987, he won the Writers of the Future contest, and has been nominated for a Nebula Award and a Hugo Award.

Wolverton died on January 14, 2022 after falling at his home in St. George, Utah at the age of 64.

Monroe, Oregon

Monroe is a city in Benton County, Oregon, United States. The population was 647 at the 2020 census.

Anastasia Voznesenskaya

Anastasia Valentinovna Voznesenskaya (; 27 July 1943 – 14 January 2022) was a Russian actress. She was awarded People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 1997. Her career began in 1965. Her best known role was in "Major Whirlwind".

In late December 2021, Voznesenskaya tested positive for COVID-19. She died from the virus in Moscow on 14 January 2022, at the age of 78.

Peter Seabrook

Peter John Seabrook MBE (2 November 1935 – 14 January 2022) was a British gardening writer and television broadcaster. He presented the show "Gardeners' World". He wrote a gardening column in "The Sun" newspaper for over 40 years.

Seabrook died of a heart attack at his home in Chelmsford, Essex on 14 January 2022, at the age of 86.

John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover

John Davan Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover, (2 November 1927 – 14 January 2022) was a British businessman and politician. He was the President of Sainsbury's. He was a member of the House of Lords as a life peer and member of the Conservative Party.

He became a Knight of the Garter in 1992.

Sainsbury died on 14 January 2022, at the age of 94.

Sobibor extermination camp

Sobibor (, Polish: ) was a German extermination camp during World War II. It opened in May 1942 and closed on 14 October 1943. The camp was part of Operation Reinhard, Adolf Hitler's secret plan to kill all of the Jews in Nazi-occupied Poland. Sobibor was located in the forest near the village of Sobibór, in the General Government region of central Poland.

Sobibor was an extermination camp, not a concentration camp. This meant the camp's only purpose was to murder Jews. The vast majority of prisoners were gassed within hours of arrival. People who were not killed immediately were forced to work in the camp. Few survived more than a few months. In total, some 170,000 to 250,000 people were murdered at Sobibor. Only three other camps (Belzec, Treblinka, and Auschwitz) killed more people than Sobibor.

The camp closed after a prisoner revolt, which took place on 14 October 1943. The plan for the revolt had two phases. In the first phase, teams of prisoners were to discreetly assassinate each of the SS officers who ran the camp. In the second phase, all 600 prisoners would assemble for evening roll call and would walk to freedom out the front gate. However, the plan was disrupted after only 11 of the SS officers had been killed. The prisoners had to escape by climbing over barbed wire fences and running through a field of landmines while the SS tried to shoot them with machine guns. About 300 prisoners made it out of the camp. Of these, 58 are known to have survived the war.

After the revolt, the Nazis demolished the camp and planted it over with pine trees. Sobibor got little attention in the first decades after World War II. It was rarely mentioned in popular or scholarly accounts of the Holocaust. It became better known after it was portrayed in the TV miniseries "Holocaust" (1978) and the film "Escape from Sobibor" (1987). 

The Sobibor Museum now stands at the site of the camp. Archaeologists continue to investigate the site. 

Sobibor was one of four extermination camps established as part of Operation Reinhard, the deadliest phase of the Holocaust. In September of 1939, the Nazis invaded and occupied Poland. After that, all across Europe, the Nazis began deporting Jews from ghettos and sending them to forced labour camps.

The first group of workers who built Sobibor were mostly local people from neighbouring villages and towns. The Nazis had ordered the Jewish council in nearby Włodawa to send 150 Jews to help build the camp. Historians do not know if these were forced labourers. Building Sobibor was a very difficult job. Workers were constantly harassed as they worked, and were shot if they showed signs of exhaustion. Most were murdered once construction was completed. However, two escaped back to Włodawa, where they tried to warn the Jewish council about the camp and its purpose. The council did not believe these warnings.

By summer of 1942, Sobibor had been completely built and was ready to open. After the camp opened, a steady stream of prisoners began to arrive. 

The Nazis were constantly expanding and renovating Sobibor. After only a few months, the wooden walls of the camp's gas chambers had absorbed too much sweat, urine, blood, and excrement to be cleanable. Thus, the gas chambers were demolished in the summer of 1942, and new larger ones were built made out of brick. Later that summer, the SS also started a beautification project to make parts of the camp look nicer. They built new structures and landscaped part of the camp to make it look like a village in Tyrol, Austria. When Sobibor ceased operations in mid-1943, the SS were part way through the construction of a munitions depot known as Lager IV.

In December 1941, SS officials at Chełmno did the first experiments to find ways of killing Jews using poison gases. At first, the Nazis used carbon monoxide gas to kill prisoners in vans. To get the carbon monoxide gas, they used a gasoline engine. They would connect the engine's exhaust pipe to pipes that led to the van's gas chamber. Carbon monoxide poisoning would kill all of the prisoners in the van. 

At the Wansee Conference on 20 January 1942, Reinhard Heydrich announced a plan for systematically murdering the Jews through a network of extermination camps. Operation Reinhard was based on this plan. In the same month, the Nazis did the first mass gassings at Auschwitz concentration camp.

In mid-April 1942, shortly before the camp opened, the Nazis did more experiments with poison gas. In one experiment, the SS murdered thirty to forty Jewish women brought from the labour camp at Krychów.

Eventually, permanent gas chambers were built at Sobibor. These were similar to the ones at Belzec, but without any furnaces. 

Sobibor was surrounded by double barbed wire fences which were thatched with pine branches in order to block the view inside. At its southeast corner, it had two side-by-side gates. One was for trains; the other was for foot traffic and vehicles. The site was divided into five compounds: the "Vorlager" and four "Lagers" numbered "I-IV".

The "Vorlager" (front compound) contained living quarters and recreational buildings for the camp personnel. The SS officers lived in cottages with colorful names such as "Lustiger Floh" (the Merry Flea), "Schwalbennest" (the Swallow's Nest), and "Gottes Heimat" (God's Own Home). They also had a canteen, a bowling alley, a hair salon, and a dentist's office, all staffed by Jewish prisoners. Trawniki men (Soviet prisoners of war who agreed to help the Nazis) had their own separate barracks and recreational buildings, including a hair salon and a canteen.

The Nazis paid great attention to the appearance of the "Vorlager". It was neatly landscaped, with lawns and gardens, outdoor terraces, gravel-lined paths, and professionally painted signs. Its beautiful appearance helped hide the camp's purpose from new prisoners, who arrived on the ramp next to the "Vorlager". Survivor Jules Schelvis recalled that when he arrived at Sobibor, he felt reassured by the "Vorlager's" "Tyrolean cottage-like barracks with their bright little curtains and geraniums on the windowsills".

"Lager I" contained barracks and workshops for the prisoners. There were workshops for sign-painting and carpentry; a tailor's workshop; a bakery; and a mechanics shop. A person could only reach "Lager I" by passing through the "Vorlager." The Nazis built a water-filled trench on Lager I's western boundary to make it impossible for prisoners to escape there.

"Lager II" was a larger compound with several purposes. The camp's administration building was in a subsection called the ""Erbhof"". This building was constructed before World War II; before the Nazi occupation, the local Polish forestry service had used it. The Nazis adapted this building to include living space for some SS officers; storage for things stolen from victims' luggage; and a pharmacy. The medications in the pharmacy were also taken from victims' luggage. A small farm was also located in the "Erbhof". There, Jewish prisoners raised chickens, pigs, geese, fruits and vegetables for the SS officers to eat.

When prisoners first arrived at Sobibor, the SS prepared them for murder in Lager II, outside the "Erbhof". This part of Lager II included the sorting barracks and other buildings used for storing items taken from the victims, including clothes, food, hair, gold, and other valuables. At the east end was a yard where guards took luggage from new arrivals and forced them to undress. This area was beautified with flower beds to hide the camp's purpose from newcomers. The yard led into a narrow path called the "Himmelstrasse" (road to heaven) or the "Schlauch" (tube), which led straight to the gas chambers in "Lager III". The "Himmelstrasse" was covered on both sides by fences woven with pine branches.

"Lager III" was the extermination area. It was kept separate from the rest of the camp, set back in a clearing in the forest and surrounded by its own thatched fence. Prisoners from "Lager I" were not allowed near "Lager III", and were killed if the Nazis suspected that they had seen inside. Because few people who saw "Lager III" survived, there is little eyewitness testimony about this part of the camp. Historians know little about "Lager III," except that it contained gas chambers, mass graves, and special separate housing for the "Sonderkommando" prisoners who worked there.

"Lager IV" was added in July 1943. Because it was north of the other camps, Lager IV was also called the "Nordlager" ('north camp'). It was located in a heavily wooded area. The Nazis wanted to develop the area as a munitions depot for processing weapons taken from captured Red Army soldiers. However, it was still being built when Sobibor closed after the prisoners' revolt.

Because Sobibor was an extermination camp, very few prisoners actually lived there. While survivors of Auschwitz use the term "selected" to mean being selected for murder, at Sobibor being "selected" meant being selected to live, at least temporarily. Around 600 slave labourers were 'selected' to live and were forced to help the Nazis run the camp. Most of these slave labourers died within a few months because of the terrible conditions in the camp.

Prisoners worked from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm, with a short lunch break in the middle. Sundays were supposed to be half days, but sometimes prisoners had to work all day. 

The prisoner population included many labourers with specialized skills, such as goldsmithing, painting, gardening, or tailoring. The Nazis thought these prisoners were especially valuable, so they often let them live and gave them special privileges. Officially, these prisoners were allowed to live so they could do jobs that were needed in the camps. In reality, SS officers often used the prisoners' labor to benefit themselves. For example, they let Dutch Jewish painter Max van Dam live and said he would work as a sign painter. However, the SS also forced him to paint landscapes, portraits, and hagiographic images of Hitler. Similarly, Shlomo Szmajzner was placed in charge of the machine shop in order to conceal his work making gold jewelry for SS officers. 

Prisoners without specialized skills did a variety of other jobs. Many worked in the "Lager II" sorting barracks, where they were forced to sort through luggage left behind by victims of the gas chamber. They put aside valuable items for the SS to take, and also repackaged some of these items as "charity gifts" for German civilians. The SS would also make these workers serve in the railway brigade which greeted new prisoners. This considered a relatively good job, because famished workers could often find food in the victims' luggage. 

Younger prisoners commonly worked as "putzers." Their job was to do cleaning and meet the needs of SS officers and the Trawniki men. Young male prisoners were often forced to work as the "barbers" who cut women's hair on their way to the gas chamber. The Nazis often assigned young men to this job in order to humiliate them the naked women whose hair they were cutting. Armed Trawniki men supervised the process in order to ensure that barbers did not respond to victims' questions or pleas.

When construction of "Lager IV" began in the summer of 1943, the Nazis assembled a forest commando who worked there cutting timber for heat, cooking, and cremation pyres.

In "Lager III", a special unit of Jewish prisoners called the "Sonderkommando" was forced to assist in the extermination process. They had to remove victims' dead bodies from the gas chamber, search their body cavities for valuables, and cremate their corpses. They also had to scrub blood and excrement from the gas chambers. 

The "Sonderkommando" were direct witnesses to genocide. For this reason, the Nazis did not allow them to interact with other prisoners. Regularly, the SS would kill the entire unit and replace them with a new group of "Sonderkommando". Since no workers from "Lager III" survived, nothing is known about their lives or experiences.

Prisoners struggled with the fact that they had participated in mass murder, even though they were forced to do so and did not directly kill anyone. Many committed suicide. Others endured, finding ways to resist. Many prisoners found symbolic ways to resist the Nazis, like praying for the dead, performing Jewish religious rites, and singing songs of resistance. Other prisoners found small ways to hurt the Nazi war effort. For example, while working in the sorting shed, Saartje Wijnberg would secretly damage fine items of clothing to prevent them from being sent to Germany. Another survivor, Esther Terner, said she would sometimes find an unattended pot of soup in the Nazis' canteen. Any time this happened, "We spit in it and washed our hands in it… Don't ask me what else we did to that soup… And they ate it."

It was difficult for prisoners to form personal relationships. Because people died so quickly at Sobibor, the camp's population was constantly changing. Also, prisoners often distrusted each other. Differences in nationality and language worsened this distrust. Many prisoners were especially suspicious of Dutch Jews because they spoke little Yiddish and had assimilated manners. German Jews faced the same suspicion as the Dutch. Many prisoners also suspected that German Jews would really be loyal to Germany, not to their fellow prisoners. 

When social groups did form, they were generally based on family ties or shared nationality. They were completely closed off to outsiders. Chaim Engel was shunned by fellow Polish Jews after he began a romantic relationship with Dutch-born Saartje Wijnberg. Many prisoners from Western Europe were not trusted with important information about what was happening in the camp.

Prisoners constantly expected death. For this reason, most of them adopted a day-at-a-time outlook. Crying was rare and prisoners often spent their evenings enjoying whatever of life was left. After the war, Leon Feldhendler, who helped organize the Sobibor revolt, said: “The Jews only had one goal: "carpe diem", and in this they simply went wild.” Prisoners sang and danced in the evenings. Frequently, they had sexual or romantic relations. In some situations, prisoners may have traded sex for food or items. In other situations, especially between female prisoners and "kapos", the relations were probably coerced. However, others were driven by genuine bonds. Two couples that met in Sobibor were married after the war. 

The Nazis allowed and even encouraged an atmosphere of merriment. They even forced prisoners to join a choir by threatening to kill them if they refused. Many prisoners thought the Nazis were trying to prevent them from resisting or thinking about escape.

Prisoners had different levels of social status in the camp. A person's social status was mostly based on how useful they were to the Germans. There were three categories of prisoners: 


"Kapos" also had a high social status in the camp. These were prisoners (usually criminals) chosen by the Nazis to help run the camp. "Kapos" did many different supervisory tasks. They also kept other prisoners under control, using whips, threats, and abuse. Prisoners were not asked if they wanted to be "kapos"; the Nazis simply chosen them, killing anyone who refused. 

The "kapos" responded in many different ways to the pressures of their job. For example, "Oberkapo" Moses Sturm was nicknamed "Mad Moisz" for his unpredictable temperament. He would beat prisoners horrifically without provocation and then later apologize hysterically. He talked constantly of escape. Sometimes he just berated the other prisoners for not resisting the Nazis; at other times, he tried to formulate escape plans. Sturm was executed after a lower-ranking "kapo" named Herbert Naftaniel betrayed him. Naftaniel, nicknamed "Berliner", was promoted to "Oberkapo" and became a notorious figure in the camp. He viewed himself as German rather than Jewish. He terrorized other prisoners until just before the revolt. Then a group of prisoners beat him to death with the permission of "SS-Oberscharfuhrer" Karl Frenzel.

Although there were many divisions within the prisoner population, people found ways to support each other. Sick and injured prisoners were secretly given food, medicine and sanitary supplies stolen from the camp pharmacy. Healthy prisoners were expected to cover for sick prisoners, who would otherwise be killed. Kurt Ticho, a camp nurse, falsified his records so that sick prisoners could take more than the allowed three-day recovery period. Members of the railway brigade tried to warn new arrivals that they were going to be murdered, though few people believed them. 

The most successful act of solidarity in the camp was the revolt on 14 October 1943. The revolt was planned so that all of the prisoners in the camp would have at least some chance of escape.




Sean Rice

Sean Rice (July 20, 1972 – January 14, 2022) was a Canadian pair skater. He also competed in the fours discipline. With Jodeyne Higgins. He was a two-time (1993, 1995) Canadian pairs bronze medallist and four-time (1993–1996) Canadian fours champion. Rice was born in Oakville, Ontario.

Rice died on January 14, 2022, at the age of 49.

Alice von Hildebrand

Alice Marie von Hildebrand, GCSG (11 March 1923 – 14 January 2022) was a Belgian-born American Catholic philosopher, theologian, author, and professor. She was born in Brussels, Belgium. She taught at Hunter College. Von Hildebrand retired in 1984. She made more than 80 appearances on EWTN television programming.

Von Hildebrand died from a short-illness on 14 January 2022, at her home in New Rochelle, New York, at the age of 98.

Ron Goulart

Ron Goulart (; January 13, 1933 – January 14, 2022) was an American popular culture historian and science fiction author.

In the early 1970s, Goulart wrote some scripts for Marvel Comics. In the early 1990s, he wrote Marvel's "TekWar" comics series.

Goulart died on January 14, 2022 in New Haven, Connecticut, one day after his 89th birthday.

Dallas Frazier

Dallas Frazier (October 27, 1939 – January 14, 2022) was an American country musician and singer-songwriter. Frazier was born in Spiro, Oklahoma. His career lasted from 1954 until 1988. His best known songs were "Elvira", "There Goes My Everything", and "Alley Oop". In 1966, he was nominated for a Grammy Award.

Frazier died on January 14, 2022 in Gallatin, Tennessee from problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 82.

Raúl Vilches

Raúl Vilches More (2 October 1954 – 13 January 2022) was a Cuban volleyball player. He competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. In 1976 he was part of the Cuban team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic event. He was born in Havana, Cuba.

Vilches died from cancer in Colombia on 13 January 2022, at the age of 67.

Baubau

Baubau is a city in Southeast Sulawesi province, Indonesia. The population of the city was 136,991 in 2010.

Junior Siavii

Saousoalii Poe Siavii, Jr. ( ; November 14, 1978 – January 13, 2022) was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs, Dallas Cowboys, and Seattle Seahawks. His career began in 2004 and he retired in 2010.

In August 2019, he was arrested for charges related to illegal firearms in Kansas City, Missouri. Three months later, he was indicted for conspiracy and drug-trafficking charges. On July 31, 2020, he was arrested on charges of 2nd degree burglary. 

Siavii died while waiting for his trial at a prison in Leavenworth, Kansas on January 13, 2022 at the age of 43.

Troy Pickard

Troy Pickard ( 1973 – 13 January 2022) was an Australian politician. He was the mayor of the City of Joondalup from 2006 to 2017. He was President of the Western Australian Local Government Association from 2010 to 2015 and president of the Australian Local Government Association from 2014 to 2016.

Pickard died suddenly on 13 January 2022, at the age of 48.

Israel S. Dresner

Israel Seymour Dresner (April 22, 1929 – January 13, 2022) was an American Reform rabbi. He was president of the Education Fund for Israeli Civil Rights and Peace. He was an important person in the Civil Rights Movement and a close friend to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.. Dresner was once called "the most arrested rabbi in America."

In December 2021, Dresner announced that he was diagnosed with terminal colon cancer. He died from the disease on January 13, 2022 in New York City, at the age of 92.

Marktoberdorf

Marktoberdorf () is the capital of Ostallgäu in Swabia.

Marktoberdorf is near Kempten, Füssen, known for the castle Neuschwanstein, Bad Wörishofen, and Schongau. The nearest larger city is Kaufbeuren, eleven kilometers away.

Mauerstetten

Mauerstetten is a municipality in Ostallgäu in the southwest of Bavaria in Germany.


Jean-Jacques Beineix

Jean-Jacques Beineix (; 8 October 1946 – 13 January 2022) was a French movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Paris, France. His career began in 1977. His best known movies were "Diva", "Moon in the Gutter", "Betty Blue", "Roselyne et les lions" and "Mortel Transfert".

Beineix died on 13 January 2022 at his home in Paris from a long-illness, aged 75.

Aminata Touré (Guinean politician)

Aminata Touré (12 December 1952 – 12 January 2022) was a Guinean politician. She was mayor of Kaloum from 2018 until her death in 2022.

Touré died in Morocco from a long illness, on 12 January 2022, at the age of 69.

Nesselwang

Nesselwang is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is a frequently photographed market town and tourist resort at the foot of the Alps in Allgäu. It contains the market (Nesselwang) as well as 17 surrounding hamlets (Gschwend, Hörich, Reichenbach, Bayerstetten, Wank, Hertingen, Attlesee, Schneidbach, Hammerschmiede, Lachen, Niederhöfen, Rindegg, Thal, Schicken, Schneidbach, Voglen and Widdumhof).

Obergünzburg

Obergünzburg (Swabian: "Obergenzburg") is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberostendorf

Oberostendorf is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Osterzell

Osterzell is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Pforzen

Pforzen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Mohamed Béavogui

Mohamed Béavogui (born 15 August 1953) is a Guinean politician. He was the interim Prime Minister of Guinea from 6 October 2021 to 17 July 2022.

From 1982 to 1986, he worked in Nigeria, before being hired as a consultant by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.

On 6 October 2021, a month after the 2021 Guinean coup d'état, he was named transitional prime minister of Guinea by interim president Mamady Doumbouya.

Pfronten

Pfronten (Swabian: "Pfronte") is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Pfronten is one of a total of 45 towns, markets and municipalities in Ostallgäu. 

Pfronten is on the northern edge of the Allgäu Alps. The Vils flows through the municipal territory. It is at an altitude of 853 m above sea level. NN at the foot of Edelsberg, Kienberg, Breitenberg and Falkenstein. The highest point of the municipality is the peak of the Aggenstein (1986 m above sea level) on the Tyrolean border, which belongs to the Tannheim Mountains.

On the German side, neighbouring communities of Pfronten are Füssen, Eisenberg and the market of Nesselwang. In Austria, the small town of Vils and the Tannheim valley with the communities of Grän, Tannheim, Schattwald, Zöblen, Nesselwängle and Jungholz are nearby. 

The municipal territory has the districts of Bergpfronten and Steinachpfronten. 

The settlements Berg, Dorf, Halden, Heitler, Kappel, Kreuzegg, Meilingen, Ösch, Rehbichel, Ried, Röfleuten, Steinach and Weißbach belong to Pfronten.


Rettenbach am Auerberg

Rettenbach am Auerberg is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.


Adi Andojo Soetjipto

Adi Andojo Soetjipto (11 April 1932 – 12 January 2022) was an Indonesian politician, lawyer and educator. He was an associate justice of the Supreme Court of Indonesia from 1981 until his retirement in 1997. Soetjipto was nominated twice for the position by the People's Representative Council in 1979 and 1980.

Soetjipto died in Jakarta, Indonesia on 12 January 2022, at the age of 89.

Rieden, Swabia

Rieden is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Rieden am Forggensee

Rieden am Forggensee is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Jules Wright (politician)

Jules Winslow Wright (August 21, 1933 – January 11, 2022) was an American businessman and politician. He was born in Nenana, Alaska. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives between 1967 until 1969. Wright was a member of the Republican Party.

Wright died on January 11, 2022 in Wasilla, Alaska at the age of 88.

Jiří Patera

Jiří Patera (10 October 1936 – 3 January 2022) was a Czech-born Canadian mathematician and academic. He taught at the Université de Montréal. He was known for his work in group theory, Lie groups, and cryptography.

Patera died in Montreal on 3 January 2022, at the age of 85.

Jean-Pierre Defontaine

Jean-Pierre Defontaine (4 February 1937 – 1 January 2022) was a French politician. He was a member of the Radical Party of the Left. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1978 to 2007. He was President of the club RC Lens from 1976 to 1979. He was born in Mametz, France. He was Mayor of Hénin-sur-Cojeul between 1983 until 1996.

Defontaine died in Hénin-sur-Cojeul on 1 January 2022, at the age of 82.

Ronsberg

Ronsberg is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Roßhaupten

Roßhaupten is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Rückholz

Rückholz is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Ruderatshofen

Ruderatshofen is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Marina Squerciati

Marina Teresa Squerciati (born April 30, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her role in "Chicago P.D." as Officer Kim Burgess. Squerciati was born in New York City. She played guest roles in "The Good Wife", "Damages", "Blue Bloods" and "" in 2010 and 2011. She also played Alessandra Steele in "Gossip Girl".

Squerciati lives in Near West Side, Chicago. Her half-sister is actress Maggie Wheeler.

Schwangau

Schwangau is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The village is 4 km from Füssen and 1.5 km from Hohenschwangau.

Chicago P.D. (TV series)

Chicago P.D. is an American police action drama television series created by Dick Wolf and Matt Olmstead. It is part of Wolf Entertainment's "Chicago" franchise. The series premiered on NBC on January 8, 2014. It is about detectives and police officers who work for the Chicago Police Department. In addition to tracking down and arresting the city’s most violent offenders, members of the Intelligence Unit deal with professional and interpersonal pressures in and outside of their jobs.

Chicago (franchise)

The "Chicago" franchise (also called One Chicago) is a media series of American television programs created by Derek Haas, Michael Brandt and Dick Wolf. These shows broadcast on NBC. They are about public services in Chicago, Illinois. 

The "Chicago" franchise has had strong ratings. The shows are "Chicago Fire", "Chicago P.D.", "Chicago Med" and "Chicago Justice".

Seeg

Seeg is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Stötten

Stötten is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Chicago Fire (TV series)

Chicago Fire is an American drama television series created by Michael Brandt and Derek Haas with Dick Wolf as an executive producer. It is the first show of Wolf Entertainment's "Chicago" franchise. The series premiered on NBC on October 10, 2012.

On February 27, 2020, NBC renewed the series for its 9th, 10th, and 11th season. 

Stöttwang

Stöttwang is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Unterthingau

Unterthingau is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Chicago Med

Chicago Med is an American medical drama television series created by Dick Wolf and Matt Olmstead. It is the third show of Wolf Entertainment's "Chicago" franchise. The series premiered on NBC on November 17, 2015. "Chicago Med" is about the lives of emergency department doctors and nurses of the fictional Gaffney Chicago Medical Center.

On February 27, 2020, NBC renewed the series for a sixth, seventh and eighth season. 

Untrasried

Untrasried is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

Waal, Bavaria

Waal is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The town has a municipal association with Buchloe.

Chicago Justice

Chicago Justice is an American legal drama television series that aired on NBC from March 1 to May 14, 2017. The series was created by Dick Wolf and was the fourth show of the "Chicago" franchise. The show was about the prosecutors and investigators at the Cook County State's Attorney's Office.

On May 22, 2017, NBC canceled the series after one season, making it the first series in the "Chicago" franchise to end.

Wald (Allgäu)

Wald is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

The village Wald is in the Allgäu region. Wald belongs to the administrative community Seeg and is in Bavarian Swabia. 

Wald includes many surrounding hamlets: Barnstein, Bergers, Birngschwend, Geigers, Gemmels, houses, Herring, Hofen, Holzmanns, Kaltenbrunn, Kaufmanns, Kippach, Klosterhof, Neupolz, Öbele, Ofen, Stechele, Wetzlers, Wies, Wimberg.


Jason Beghe

Jason Deneen Beghe (; born March 12, 1960) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Hank Voight in the NBC TV series "Chicago P.D." He starred in the 1988 George A. Romero movie "Monkey Shines".

His great-grandfather was Charles S. Deneen, a two-term governor of Illinois and one-term U.S. Senator in the late 1920s.

Haus der Bayerischen Geschichte

The Haus der Bayerischen Geschichte (German for: House of Bavarian History) or HdBG was established in 1983 as an rule of Bavaria, Germany and, since 1993, has had its permanent headquarters at Augsburg. On 6 October 1998 it was incorporated into the Bavarian State Ministry for Science, Research and Art ("Bayerisches Staatsministerium für Wissenschaft, Forschung und Kunst"). The German historian Claus Grimm was director from 1983 until 2007. 


Westendorf (Allgäu)

Westendorf is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality of Westendorf, which has the villages of Dösingen and Westendorf, is in the Allgäu region, about eleven kilometres east of Kaufbeuren, in the northern part of Ostallgäu.


Aicha vorm Wald

Aicha vorm Wald () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Aidenbach

Aidenbach () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Franco Cavallo

Franco Cavallo (26 September 1932 – 9 January 2022) was an Italian competitive sailor. He won a bronze medal in the Star class at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City in team with Camillo Gargano. He was born in Naples, Italy.

Cavallo died in Naples on 9 January 2022, at the age of 89.

Aldersbach

Aldersbach () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Aldersbach is in the Donau-Wald region in the Vils valley, about ten kilometers south west of Vilshofen an der Donau, 30 km west of Passau, 25 km north of Pfarrkirchen and 15 km south of Osterhofen. A stream, the Aldersbach (Bach = stream), flows through the town. The region surrounded by Aldersbach and Fürstenzell is often known as "Klosterwinkel" ("Abbey Corner").

Aldersbach is made up of 52 communities:

These are assigned to the sub-districts of Pörndorf, Walchsing, Aldersbach and Haidenburg.




Bad Füssing

Bad Füssing is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Bad Griesbach

Bad Griesbach im Rottal (), or just Bad Griesbach, is a town in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Bad Griesbach (Rottal) is twinned with:

Beutelsbach

Beutelsbach () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Breitenberg, Lower Bavaria

Breitenberg is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the border with Austria, and is the easternmost municipality of Bavaria.

Büchlberg

Büchlberg is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Eging am See

Eging am See is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Fürstenstein

Fürstenstein is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Ronald Stewart

Ronald Alexander Stewart (April 13, 1927January 10, 2022) was a Canadian businessman and politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1979 to 1988. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. Stewart was born in Beeton, Ontario.

Stewart died on January 10, 2022 at his home in Barrie, Ontario at the age of 94.

Fürstenzell

Fürstenzell () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany. Fürstenzell is the birthplace of past Bayern Munich defender Klaus Augenthaler.

Haarbach

Haarbach () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Hauzenberg

Hauzenberg () is a municipality in Passau, in Bavaria, Germany. It is northeast of Passau.

Hauzenberg is twinned with:

Hofkirchen, Bavaria

Hofkirchen is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Progressive Conservative Party of Canada

The Progressive Conservative Party of Canada (PC; ) was a centre-right political party in Canada. It existed from 1942 to 2003.

Only four members of this party became Prime Ministers of Canada (John Diefenbaker, Joe Clark, Brian Mulroney and Kim Campbell). Peter MacKay was the party's last leader.

Hutthurm

Hutthurm () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Carmela Corren

Carmela Corren (; February 13, 1938 – January 16, 2022) was an Israeli-Austrian singer and actress. She was born in Tel Aviv, Israel. She represented Austria at the 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Vielleicht geschieht ein Wunder". An actress, she appeared in "Between Shanghai and St. Pauli" (1962), "His Best Friend" (1962) and "Don't Fool with Me" (1963).

Corren died on January 16, 2022 at her home in London, England at the age of 83.


Kirchham

Kirchham (literally "Churcham") is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Kirchham has 27 subdivisions:
Kirchham is twinned with Churcham, England.

Kößlarn

Kößlarn is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Birju Maharaj

Brijmohan Mishra, (4 February 1938 – 16 January 2022), popularly known as Pandit Birju Maharaj, was an Indian Kathak dancer, composer and singer. He was born in Handia, Uttar Pradesh. His career began in 1951. In 1986, he was honored with the Padma Vibhushan. He was known for his choreography for "Vishwaroopam" and "Bajirao Mastani".

Maharaj died at a hospital in New Delhi, India from a heart attack caused by diabetes and kidney disease on 16 January 2022, aged 83.

Malching

Malching is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuburg am Inn

Neuburg am Inn is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuburg am Inn is in the Danube-region forest high above the river Inn, which makes the border with Upper Austria. In 2006, a bridge over the Inn was opened to pedestrians and cyclists, which now connects Neuburg to the opposite edge. By Neuburg is the major road B 12, which connects it to Passau (city) 10 km further north and a further 15-kilometer link to Pocking. Just 6 km from the community is the motorway junction ‘’Passau-south’’, a link to the Autobahn 3. Also nearby is the district of Neukirchen am Inn, a frequent stop for the train from Passau to Mühldorf.

The municipality has 22 Neuburg am Inn officially named districts:
There are also the municipal areas Eglsee, Neuburg a. Inn, Neukirchen am Inn and Engertsham.


Neuhaus am Inn

Neuhaus is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neukirchen vorm Wald

Neukirchen vorm Wald is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Obernzell

Obernzell () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Obernzell is in the Donau-Wald region at the Danube River. The middle of the Danube River makes the border with Upper Austria.

In Bavaria (Passau district):

In Upper Austria:

The Obernzell Municipality has 21 Districts.:
Hammermühle

There are the districts of Ederlsdorf, Kellberg and Obernzell .

Once an independent municipality, Ederlsdorf was incorporated on July 1, 1972.


Aafia Siddiqui

Aafia Siddiqui (; born 2 March 1972) is a Pakistani neuroscientist. She was convicted of multiple felonies. She was born in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. She is serving an 86-year sentence at the Federal Medical Center, Carswell in Fort Worth, Texas, United States. 

She is viewed by some people in Pakistan as the "national symbol of honor". The Pakistani news media have called her trial a "farce" and very politically motivated.

Kwek Leng Beng

Kwek Leng Beng (born 1941) is a Singaporean businessman and a billionaire. Kwek Leng Beng is the executive chairman of Hong Leong Group Singapore. In 2019, his net worth to be US$3.4 billion.

Kwek Leng Beng chose to join the family business in the early 1960s after he was trained as lawyer in London.

Kwek Leng Beng went on to establish an international reputation for his leadership of the Hong Leong Group where he became the chairman, which is now a conglomerate with over 300 companies.

Kwek got married to Cecilia Kok, His younger son Kingston was a private investor and a venture capitalist, his son Sherman is CDL's CEO.

Kwegotis married to Cecilia Kokitalist.

Forrest Li

Forrest Li Xiaodong (born 1977 or 1978), popularly known as Forrest Li, is a Singaporean businessman and an entrepreneur. Forrest Li is the founder of Garena and Shopee.

Li likes football. He was grew up in the Chinese port city of Tianjin with his parents. At early stage, Li usually spend most nights playing video-games. He is the executive chairman of the Lion City Sail football club acquired by Sea in 2020.

Li got married. He lives in Singapore with his family.

Don't Fool with Me

Don't Fool with Me (German: Sing, aber spiel nicht mit mir) is a 1963 Austrian musical comedy movie directed by Kurt Nachmann and starring Adrian Hoven, Wera Frydtberg, Karin Heske, Paul Hörbiger, Peter Vogel, Rex Gildo, Hans Richter, Lou Van Burg, Carmela Corren, Oskar Sima.

Ortenburg (Bavaria)

Ortenburg () is a municipality and old market town in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Ortenburg is in the forested area south of the Danube and north of the Rott. It is one of the main centres of population in the Lower Bavarian Upland. The majority of the municipality is in the Wolfach Valley and the Wolfach itself runs directly through Ortenburg.

The market town is 20 km west of Passau, 10 km south of Vilshofen an der Donau, 12 km northwest of Bad Griesbach and 20 km north of Pocking.

The closest municipalities are Haarbach, Beutelsbach, Vilshofen an der Donau, Fürstenzell, and Bad Griesbach im Rottal. The cities of Passau and Pocking are farther away.

The municipality of Ortenburg includes 112 districts.

Pocking

Pocking (; ) is a town in Passau, in Lower Bavaria, Germany. It is about 30 km south-west of Passau, close to the Austrian border.

Rotthalmünster

Rotthalmünster is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Ruderting

Ruderting is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in south-east Germany.

Ruhstorf an der Rott

Ruhstorf is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Salzweg

Salzweg is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany. It is near the German border with Austria.

Sonnen

Sonnen is a small municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Danube forest, lower Bavarian forest and is mostly in Passau at a height of 700 to 900 meters. Sonnen is 28 km from Passau, 9 km from Hauzenberg and from the forest itself 13 km. Sonnen borders with upper Austria which is only 8 km away.


Tettenweis

Tettenweis is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria, Germany.

Thyrnau

Thyrnau is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Tiefenbach, Passau

Tiefenbach is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Tiefenbach is in the Danube Forest region, in one of the southernmost foothills of the Bavarian Forest northwest of Ilz and north of Danube on Bundesstraße 85. Tiefenbach is only 9 km north of the university and three-river city Passau.

Haselbach, Kirchberg and Tiefenbach were independent communities from 1818 to 1971/1972. On 1 January 1972 Haselbach was incorporated into Tiefenbach. The greater part of the municipality of Kirchberg was added on 1 July 1972. The rest of the municipality Kirchberg with the district Schalding on the left side of the Danube and Minihof (formerly Mimming) was incorporated into the city of Passau and there added to Hacklberg.


Tittling

Tittling is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

It is home to the Bavarian Forest Museum Village.

Untergriesbach

Untergriesbach () is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Untergriesbach is in the southern Bavarian Forest and extends high above the deep valley of the Danube. The height of the market town is 565 meters above sea level. Via the Bundesstraße 388 it is connected to Passau (22 km) and in the opposite direction to the Upper Austrian Haslach (32 km).

Untergriesbach has 106 districts:

On 1 October 1971, the previously independent municipality Lambsdorf was incorporated. On 1 January 1972 Gottsdorf and Schaibing were added. Oberötzdorf followed on 1 March 1972.

Vilshofen an der Donau

Vilshofen an der Donau is a town in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wegscheid

Wegscheid is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Windorf

Windorf is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Witzmannsberg

Witzmannsberg is a municipality in Passau in Bavaria in Germany.

Ernsgaden

Ernsgaden is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Geisenfeld

Geisenfeld is a town in Pfaffenhofen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Ilm, southeast of Ingolstadt.

Geisenfeld has twelve districts, past independent municipalities:

Engelbrechtsmünster

Engelbrechtsmünster is a village in Bavaria, Germany, now part of the municipality of Geisenfeld. It is near the Ilm river.

Sources

Rottenegg, Geisenfeld

Rottenegg is a village in the Hallertau of Bavaria, Germany. A past separate municipality, it is now part of the municipality of Geisenfeld in Pfaffenhofen.

Rottenegg is in the Danube-Isar Hills of the Lower Bavarian Upland. The village is at above sea level.
It is southeast of the Geisenfeld town center, and extends in a northwest-southeast direction. 
Munich is south of the village.

Gerolsbach

Gerolsbach is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria, Germany.

Hettenshausen

Hettenshausen is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Hohenwart

Hohenwart is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Ilmmünster

Ilmmünster is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Jetzendorf

Jetzendorf is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Manching

Manching is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Paar, 7 km southeast of Ingolstadt.

Münchsmünster

Münchsmünster is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm

Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany, capital of the district Pfaffenhofen. It is on the river Ilm.

Pörnbach

Pörnbach is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Reichertshausen

Reichertshausen is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany and is near the A9 and between Munich and Ingolstadt.

The Bundesstrasse 13 (B13) runs through Reichertshausen. Also the river Ilm, which gives the valley (Ilmtal) its name and is a tributary to the Abens, runs through the town.


Reichertshofen

Reichertshofen is a market town and municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Rohr, Pfaffenhofen

Rohr is a small village in Rohrbach in Pfaffenhofen in Upper Bavaria in Bavaria, Germany.


Scheyern

Scheyern is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany. The Scheyern Abbey is in Scheyern.

The village of Fernhag is outside the town.

Linear Tape-Open

Linear Tape-Open (LTO) is a magnetic tape data storage technology. It stores digital data on a half-inch magnetic tape inside a removable cartridge. It is commonly used for backup and archival of data on servers and workstations. LTO can store any type of digital data, for example computer programs, databases, video, audio, images, websites, or text. It can store multiple types of data on the same tape. For example, a single tape could be used to backup a photography company's pictures and videos as well as their website, emails, and customer database.

LTO tapes are read and written to with a tape drive. This is typically connected to a computer using serial attached SCSI, although some tape drives use Fibre Channel. LTO drives are very expensive, but the tapes are much cheaper than an equivalent-sized hard drive or optical disc. Unlike many other tape formats, LTO cartridges contain only a single reel of tape. The other reel is inside the drive. This means that the tape must be rewound before it can be removed from the drive. This makes the cartridge smaller because it does not need to contain an empty reel. It also makes the drives more expensive because they must contain a mechanically complex mechanism to pull the tape out of the cartridge and thread it onto the takeup reel. Unlike most other tape drives, LTO drives do not have a rotating head drum, and do not use helical scan. The head writes tracks in a straight line, like a reel-to-reel audio recorder. This is where the name comes from. The head can, however, move up and down to write multiple tracks to the tape. This is similar to the way an 8 track tape works, although since the head is much smaller, an LTO tape can have hundreds or thousands of tracks (up to 8960 tracks for LTO-9). This allows many terabytes of data (up to 18 TB for LTO-9) to be stored on a single tape.

LTO tapes have an expected lifespan of about 30 years, which is longer than hard drives (5-10 years), but not as long as the best gold-plated optical discs (100-1000 years). LTO drives are only backward-compatible by two generations, whereas the latest Blu-ray drives can read the oldest CDs from the 1980s, making optical media a better solution for very long-term archival. LTO tapes should be stored at 15-25ºC and away from sources of magnetic fields, such as TVs and computer monitors, loudspeakers, or motors.

Schweitenkirchen

Schweitenkirchen is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Vohburg

Vohburg is a town in Pfaffenhofen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right edge of the Danube, 14 km east of Ingolstadt.

Wolnzach

Wolnzach (, ) is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria, Germany. 

Wolnzach is twinned with Poperinge in Belgium since 1965.


Achslach

Achslach () is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.


Khalas

Khalas is a Palestinian Israeli-Arab rock band, started in 1999. The name of the band means "enough" in Arabic.

In 2013, the band started on a tour across Europe along with Israeli band Orphaned Land, an event which was reported on by Western media outlets such as The Guardian and CNN.



Johnny Tiger

Johnny Tiger is a 1966 American western movie directed by Paul Wendkos and was based on the story by R. John Hugh. It stars Robert Taylor, Geraldine Brooks, Chad Everett, Brenda Scott, Marc Lawrence, Ford Rainey and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Bella Poarch

Denarie Bautista Taylor Poarch (born February 8, 1997), known as Bella Poarch, is a Filipino-American celebrity internet and singer. She has over 80 million followers on TikTok. A TikTok video she made in 2020 is currently the most liked video on the platform.

Bella Porch was born on February 9, 1997 in the Philippines. She served in the United States Navy. 

In 2021, Bella Poarch signed a record deal with Warner Records . She released her first song Build a Bitch in May 2021 and later released her second song Inferno.

Li Han (aviator)

Li Han (, 1924 in Tang County, Hebei – 11 September 1997) was a MiG-15 fighter jet pilot for the People's Republic of China. He was a flying ace during the Korean War, with eight victories.Li was in the 4th Fighter Aviation Division of the People's Liberation Army Air Force. He was the first Chinese pilot credited with shooting down a United States aircraft.

Chinese aces have received the title Combat Hero in acknowledgement of their services. However, very little information is known of the Chinese pilots during the Korean War because of records not being released to the public.


Emma Chamberlain

Emma Chamberlain (born May 22, 2001) is an American YouTuber. She has over 11 million subscribers on her YouTube channel. She has been named by Time magazine as one of the most influential teenagers in the world.

Ecnomiohyla echinata

The Oaxacan fringe-limbed tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla echinata") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it between 1200 and 1500 meters above sea level, and only in Sierra de Juárez in Oaxaca. It lives in cloud forests.

SantaCon

SantaCon is a convention made to commemorate Santa Claus and Christmas. Starting in 2005 there has been many conventions.

Stephen Chow

Stephen Chow (born June 22, 1962) is a director and actor from Hong Kong. He first played in the movie Final Justice, of 1988. Internationally, he became well-known with Shaolin Soccer, of 2001. In 2016, he directed the movie Mermaid, a comedy. With this, he earned 2,45 billion Yuan (375,6 million dollars) in only 12 days, which made it the most successful movie ever shown.

Ecnomiohyla salvaje

The Copan tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla salvaje") is a frog that lives in Honduras and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 1370 and 1450 meters above sea level.

Corythomantis

Corythomantis is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in northeastern Brazil. There was only one species in the group until 2012. Then scientists wrote about another species, "Corythomantis galeata". Later, that frog was moved to the genus "Nyctimantis". These frogs are also called "Greening's frogs."

There are two species in this genus:

"Corythomantis galeata" is now "Nyctimantis galeata".

Corythomantis greeningi

Greening's frog ("Corythomantis greeningi") is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

The adult male frog is about 7.3 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 8.7 cm long. The male frog weighs about 21 grams and the female frog 41 grams. Its skin is rough and warty. It has chemicals on its skin that scientists think might be poison. The poison might keep other animals from eating the frog. All adult frogs are brown in color, but the adult female frog has dark marks on her back and the adult male frog does not. The frog's head looks like tree bark.

This frog can live in dry places, like savannah grasslands and rocky places. During the dry time of year, this frog spends much time resting on tree branches. Unlike other frogs, Greening's frog can move its head from side to side without moving the rest of its body. This frog will sometimes hide its body in a hole in the ground or in a tree and block the entrance with its head. It lays eggs along the edges of rivers as they are drying down for the year. That way, the tadpoles grow in small pools with no fish to eat them.

Nyctimantis galeata

Nyctimantis galeata is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in Bahia, 1000 meters above sea level.

Comics poetry

Comics poetry is a hybrid creative form that combines aspects of comics and poetry. it draws from the syntax of comics, pictures, panels, speech balloons and so on.


Speech balloons

Speech balloons are a graphic convention used most commonly in comic books, comics, cartoons to allow words (and sometimes pictures) to be understood as representing the speech or thoughts of a given character in the comic.

Arnbruck

Arnbruck is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Bayerisch Eisenstein

Bayerisch Eisenstein, until 1951 just Eisenstein () is a village and a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Bayerisch Eisenstein is part of Bayerischer Wald and borders the first German national park established in 1968.

It is one of three connected places in the area. The other two are Železná Ruda ( or "Markt Eisenstein") and Špičák (), both in Czech Republic. Železná Ruda is 2 kilometres northeast from Bayerisch Eisenstein. The town's railway station is split by the border. In August 2006 Bayerisch Eisenstein and Železná Ruda signed a twinning agreement

Bischofsmais

Bischofsmais is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Böbrach

Böbrach is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Information:

Hotels & Restaurants:

Renault 6

The Renault 6 is a small family car produced by the French automaker Renault between 1968 and 1986.

The Renault 6 (R6) was launched at the 1968 Paris Motor Show, and was intended to be an upmarket alternative to the Renault 4. It used a similar dashboard-mounted gear-lever and over-the-engine linkage to that used in the Renault 4 and the small Citroëns with which it competed. The R6 used the R4 platform as well as its 845 cc (51.6 cu in) engine and was technically near-identical, but its hatchback body was larger and more modern. Visually it resembled the larger Renault 16.

French R6 production commenced in October 1968 and lasted until 1980, but continued elsewhere until 1986.

Bodenmais

Bodenmais is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany. It is at one section of the Zeller Valley in the Bavarian Forest.

Drachselsried

Drachselsried is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany. Drachselsried is in the Zeller Valley (German: "Zellertal"), and is part of the Glass Road ("Glasstrasse") The area is part of the Bavarian Forest National Park.


Frauenau

Frauenau is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Geiersthal

Geiersthal is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Gotteszell

Gotteszell is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Kirchberg im Wald

Kirchberg im Wald is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Kirchdorf im Wald

Kirchdorf im Wald is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Kollnburg

Kollnburg is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Langdorf

Langdorf is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany. It was previously known as Dorfmuri.


Lindberg

Lindberg is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany in the neighbourhood of Zwiesel.

Lindberg is in the Danube Forest ("Donau-Wald") region in the middle of the Bavarian Forest on the Glasstraße at the foot of the 1,315-metre-high Falkenstein, four kilometres from Zwiesel and 14 km northeast of the county town of Regen, 30 km northwest of Grafenau and 14 km from the border at Bayerisch Eisenstein. 


Lindberg (disambiguation)

Lindberg is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Lindberg may also refer to:



Patersdorf

Patersdorf is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Iranic languages

The Iranic languages refers to a family of languages, meaning they are related to one another and developed from a common source. They descend from a common ancestor which is identified as "Proto-Iranic".

The Iranic languages are also commonly identified as the "Iranian languages". However, some scholars have argued that since the term "Iranian" is already in use for another meaning, the term "Iranic languages" should be used for the language family and its speakers (the "Iranic peoples"), while the term "Iranian" should be used for anything about the country Iran.

The Iranic languages, alongside the Indo-Aryan languages and Nuristani languages, make up the larger Indo-Iranic family of languages.

Like many other language families and subfamilies, the Iranic languages are divided according to geographic origins. These include northern, southern, eastern and western.


Prackenbach

Prackenbach is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Prackenbach has 66 districts:

Vătava

Vătava (; , ) is a commune in Mureș County, Transylvania, Romania arranged of three villages: Dumbrava ("Marosliget"), Râpa de Jos ("Alsórépa") and Vătava.

Vătava was twinned with Laval, France, until 2009.

Brownsville, Mississippi

Brownsville is an unincorporated community in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.

Edwards, Mississippi

Edwards is a town in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.

Vețca

Vețca ( or locally "Vécke", ) is a commune in Mureș County, Transylvania, Romania that is arranged of three villages:

Learned, Mississippi

Learned is a town in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.

Viișoara, Mureș

Viișoara (; ; ) is a commune in Mureș County, Transylvania, Romania that is arranged of three villages: Ormeniș ("Irmesch"; "Szászörményes"), Sântioana ("Johannisdorf"; "Szászszentiván") and Viișoara.

Terry, Mississippi

Terry is a town in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.

Utica, Mississippi

Utica is a town in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.

Regen

Regen is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and the district town of the district of Regen.

Regen is on the Regen River, in the Bavarian Forest.

Originally the town had 4 districts: Bürgerholz, Grubhügel, Riedham and St. Johann.

After a governmental reform the villages of:


were added.


Regen is twinned with:


Bettmannsäge

Bettmannsäge is a village in Regen in the Bavarian Forest region of Germany.

Bettmannsäge is between Zwiesel and Regen on the railway line from Plattling to Bayerisch Eisenstein, the Bavarian Forest Railway.

Bettmannsäge used to belong to the municipality of Rinchnachmündt and was incorporated with it as part of the municipal reforms on 1 May 1978 into Regen.


New Hope, Texas

New Hope is a town in Collin County, Texas, United States.

St. Paul, Collin County, Texas

St. Paul is a town in Collin County, Texas, United States.

Westminster, Texas

Westminster is an unincorporated community and Census-designated place (CDP) in Collin County, Texas, United States.

Rinchnach

Rinchnach is a municipality in Regen, of Germany.

Rinchnach is in the middle of the Bavarian Forest, 7 kilometers southeast of the town Rain, and 9 kilometers south of Zwiesel.

The river Rinchnacher Ohe flows through Rinchnach.

Ruhmannsfelden

Ruhmannsfelden is a municipality in Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.

Teisnach

Teisnach (Northern Bavarian: "Deisna") is a larger municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Teisnach is in the Bavarian Forest region in Lower Bavaria. The municipality is on the mouth of the river Teisnach into the Schwarzer Regen (river) about 25 kilometers north of Deggendorf and about 170 kilometers northeast of the Bavarian capital Munich.

Viechtach

Viechtach is a town in Regen in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Schwarzer Regen, 31 km northeast of Straubing, and it is known for the quartz mountains nearby.

Zachenberg

Zachenberg is a municipality in Regen in Bavaria in Germany.

Zwiesel

Zwiesel, Czech: "Svízel", is a town in Regen. The name of the town comes from the Bavarian word stem "zwisl" which refers to the form of a fork. The fork of the rivers Großer Regen and Kleiner Regen and the land that is between these two rivers were called Zwiesel.

The town of Zwiesel is in an valley basin at the foot of the mountain range formed by the peaks of the Großer Arber (1,456 m), Großer Falkenstein (1,315 m) and Kiesruck (1,265 m), exactly at the spot where the two rivers, the Großer Regen and the Kleiner Regen join and form the Black Regen. It is 10 km to the north-east of the district town of Regen, 35 km from the town of Deggendorf, 30 km from the town of Grafenau and 15 km from the border crossing point at Bayerisch Eisenstein, entry point to the Czech Republic. 

Zwiesel has 11 districts:

Since May 2006 the Glass town of Zwiesel has maintained an official town twinning with the port town of Brake (Lower Saxony) at the river Weser. Brake is about 800 km from Zwiesel.


Jericho (1966 TV series)

Jericho is a 1960s American espionage series set during the World War II and starring John Leyton, Don Francks, Marino Masé. It aired on CBS from 15 September, 1966 to 19 January, 1967 for sixteen episodes and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Atomic semiotics

Atomic semiotics (or nuclear semiotics) is an interdisciplinary field of semiotics which studies potential uses of long-term nuclear waste warning messages. It is concerned with labelling radioactive waste to deter human intrusion at nuclear waste repositories in the far future.

The message must contain three elements:


The message must also be credible. If it isn't credible it will be understood, but neglected; people will believe that this is done to protect an important treasure. These substances must be safe for 10.000s to millions of years.

David Ayer

David Ayer (born January 18, 1968) is an American filmmaker. He is known for writing the screenplays of "Training Day" (2001), "The Fast and the Furious" (2001), and "S.W.A.T." (2003). In 2016, he directed the superhero movie "Suicide Squad" from the DC Extended Universe.

Richard Williams (tennis coach)

Richard Dove Williams Jr. (born February 14, 1942) is an American tennis coach. He is the father of Venus and Serena Williams, who are famous tennis players. He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana.

In July 2016, Williams suffered from multiple strokes.

A movie about Williams, named "King Richard" was released in 2021 with Will Smith playing Williams.

King Richard (movie)

King Richard is a 2021 American biographical drama movie directed by Reinaldo Marcus Green and written by Zach Baylin. It is about the life of Richard Williams, the father and coach of famed tennis players Venus and Serena Williams. It stars Will Smith in the lead role, Aunjanue Ellis, Saniyya Sidney, Demi Singleton, Tony Goldwyn, and Jon Bernthal.

It was released on November 19, 2021, by Warner Bros. Pictures and on the HBO Max streaming service on the same day. The movie had strong positive reviews. It was named one of the best films of 2021 by the American Film Institute.

West Side Story (2021 movie)

West Side Story is a 2021 American musical romantic drama movie directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Tony Kushner. It stars Ansel Elgort and Rachel Zegler with Ariana DeBose, David Alvarez, Mike Faist, and Rita Moreno.

The movie was theatrically distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures in the United States on December 10, 2021. It was best musical movie at the 2022 Golden Globe Awards.

Tony Kushner

Anthony Robert Kushner (born July 16, 1956) is an American author, playwright, and screenwriter. He won the Pulitzer Prize and the Tony Award for Best Play in 1993 for his play "Angels in America". He also wrote the screenplays for "Munich" (2005), "Lincoln" (2012), "West Side Story" (2021) and "The Fabelmans" (2022). He also won an Emmy Award in 2004.

Tick, Tick... Boom! (movie)

Tick, Tick... Boom! (also stylized as tick, tick... BOOM!) is a 2021 American biographical musical drama movie directed by Lin-Manuel Miranda. It is based on the stage musical of the same name by Jonathan Larson.

The movie stars Andrew Garfield, Robin de Jesús, Alexandra Shipp, Joshua Henry, Judith Light, and Vanessa Hudgens with Michaela Jaé Rodriguez.

The Power of the Dog (movie)

The Power of the Dog is a 2021 psychological drama western movie written and directed by Jane Campion. It is based on the 1967 novel of the same name by Thomas Savage. The movie stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst, Jesse Plemons and Kodi Smit-McPhee.

It was released to stream worldwide on Netflix on December 1, 2021.

It won best drama movie at the 2022 Golden Globe Awards.

Being the Ricardos

Being the Ricardos is a 2021 American biographical drama movie written and directed by Aaron Sorkin. It is about the relationship between "I Love Lucy" stars Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz. Nicole Kidman and Javier Bardem star as Ball and Arnaz. J. K. Simmons, Nina Arianda, Tony Hale, Alia Shawkat, Jake Lacy, and Clark Gregg also star.

It had a limited theatrical release by Amazon Studios in the United States on December 10, 2021. For her role, Kidman won a Golden Globe Award.

Molly's Game

Molly's Game is a 2017 American biographical crime drama movie written and directed by Aaron Sorkin. It is based on the 2014 memoir of the same name by Molly Bloom. It stars Jessica Chastain, Idris Elba, Kevin Costner, Michael Cera, Jeremy Strong, Chris O'Dowd, Joe Keery, Brian D'Arcy James, and Bill Camp. 

It began a limited theatrical release in the United States on December 25, 2017, by STX Entertainment. "Molly's Game" received positive reviews. 

Moneyball (movie)

Moneyball is a 2011 American sports drama movie directed by Bennett Miller and written by Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin. The movie is based on the 2003 nonfiction book by Michael Lewis. It stars Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill. They were both nominated for Academy Awards for their roles in this movie.

The Boy Who Stole a Million

The Boy Who Stole a Million is a 1960 British comedy thriller movie directed by Charles Crichton and starring Warren Mitchell, Virgilio Teixeira, Harold Kasket, George Coulouris, Bill Nagy, Tutte Lemkow, Edwin Richfield. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Ariana DeBose

Ariana DeBose (; born January 25, 1991) is an American actress, singer, and dancer. She is best known for playing Anita in Steven Spielberg's musical movie "West Side Story" (2021). She won a Golden Globe Award and Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2022 for her role as Anita.

Belfast (movie)

Belfast is a 2021 coming of age comedy drama movie written and directed by Kenneth Branagh. The movie stars Caitríona Balfe, Judi Dench, Jamie Dornan, Ciarán Hinds, Colin Morgan, and Jude Hill. It is about a young boy's childhood during The Troubles in Northern Ireland during the 1960s.

Tripartite Accord (1988)

The Tripartite Accord was a three way alliance between Communist Angola, The South African Union, And Communist Cuba.

This alliance aimed to grant Namibia independence and to gain involvement in the Angolan Civil War.

Munich – The Edge of War

Munich – The Edge of War is a 2021 British drama movie, directed by Christian Schwochow. It stars Jeremy Irons, George MacKay, Jannis Niewöhner, Sandra Hüller, Liv Lisa Fries, August Diehl, Jessica Brown Findlay, Anjli Mohindra, and Ulrich Matthes. The movie is about Neville Chamberlain's time as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during the escalation of World War II and his relationship with Adolf Hitler.

"Munich – The Edge of War" will release on January 21, 2022 through Netflix.

George MacKay (actor)

George Andrew J. MacKay (; born 13 March 1992) is a British actor. He is known for his role as Lance Corporal William "Will" Schofield in the 2019 war drama movie "1917".

Praga NDO

The Praga NDO was a bus made by the Czech automaker Praga from 1938 to 1948. The Praga NDO had 80.9–91.9 kW (108.5–123.2 hp) engines and a 5-speed gearbox.

Adam Stejskal

Adam Stejskal (born 23 August 2002) is a Czech professional footballer. He plays as goalkeeper for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.

He started with his local clubs FC Zbrojovka Brno and FC Svratka Brno. Then he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy in Austria. 2019 he became part of the FC Liefering squad. Stejskal made his debut for Austrian Second League side Liefering on 24 July 2020 against Juniors OÖ. He was in the starting XI. Since the 2022/23 season he is in the first squad.

For the 2023/24 season he then moved to league rivals WSG Tirol. 

Stejskal played for the Czech U15, U16, U17 and U20 national football team. 

United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit

The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit (in case citations, 6th Cir.) is a federal court which has appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in Kentucky, Ohio, Michigan and Tennessee.

The court is made up of sixteen judges. It is based at the Potter Stewart U.S. Courthouse in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is one of 13 United States courts of appeals.


January 2022 Afghanistan earthquake

An earthquake happened in Badghis Province, Afghanistan, on 17 January 2022. It left 26 people dead, and five injured. It was a 5.6 magnitude earthquake.

The earthquake destroyed hundreds of homes in northwestern Afghanistan.


List of emperors of Austria-Hungary

The empire of Austria-Hungary or Austrohungaria consisted of Two Monarchies: Austria and Hungary, Which lasted from the 1800s until 1918, it also Consisted of Albania (1916-1918) and Bohemia or Czechoslovakia.

Michel Subor

Michel Subor (, born Mischa Subotzki; 2 February 1935 – 17 January 2022) was a French actor. He was known for appearing in Jean-Luc Godard's second movie, "Le petit soldat" (1960). He also appeared in Alfred Hitchcock's "Topaz". In 1999, he played Forestier in "Beau Travail". Subor was born in Paris, France.

Subor was killed in a car crash in Paris on 17 January 2022, aged 86.

Joseph M. Minard

Joseph Mitchell Minard (January 5, 1932 – January 17, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He was a Democrat. He was a member of the West Virginia Senate from 1990 until 1994, and again from 1998 until 2013. He was a Delegate in the West Virginia House of Delegates from his appointment in 1983 through 1990. He was born in Clarksburg, West Virginia.

Minard died on January 17, 2022 in Clarksburg, at the age of 90.

Armando Gama

Armando António Capelo Diniz da Gama (1 April 1954 – 17 January 2022) was a Portuguese pop singer-songwriter and baritone opera singer. He was born in Luanda, Portuguese Angola. His career began in 1971. Gama performed at the 1983 Eurovision Song Contest, singing the song "Esta balada que te dou". He came in 13th place.

Gama died at a hospital from cancer in Lisbon, Portugal at the age of 67.

Lucienne Moreau

Lucienne Moreau (17 February 1933 – 16 January 2022) was a French actress. She was most well-known for her appearances on "Groland" and "Le Petit Journal" on Canal+. Moreau was born in Renazé, France. She also appeared in the movies "Who Killed Bambi?" (2003) and "Rolling to You" (2018).

Moreau died on 16 January 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 88.

Steve Schapiro

Steve Schapiro (1934 – January 15, 2022) was an American photographer. He is known for his photographs of key moments of the civil rights movement such as the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom or the Selma to Montgomery marches. He is also known for his portraits of celebrities.

Schapiro died from pancreatic cancer at his home in West Ridge, Chicago, Illinois on January 15, 2022, at the age of 87.

Aurora del Mar

Aurora Rosa Borrello (3 July 1934 – 15 January 2022), better known as Aurora del Mar, was an Argentine actress. Her career began in 1947. She was born in Bahía Blanca, Argentina. Her first movie role was in the 1953 musical comedy "La mejor del colegio". She appeared in over twenty movies during her career.

Del Mar died on 15 January 2022 at a nursing home in Bernal, Argentina at the age of 87.

Bernal, Argentina

Bernal is a city located in the northeast of Quilmes in the province of Buenos Aires. It is about 10 miles south of the city of Buenos Aires. 

Rink Babka

Richard Aldrich Babka (September 23, 1936 – January 15, 2022) was an American discus thrower. Babka won a silver medal in the discus event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. He was born in Cheyenne, Wyoming. 

Babka died on January 15, 2022, at the age of 85.

Shinji Mizushima

Mizushima died on January 10, 2022 in Tokyo, Japan from pneumonia, aged 82. 

Jennifer Holland

Jennifer Holland (born 1987) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Emilia Harcourt in the DC Extended Universe movie "The Suicide Squad" (2021) and the television series "Peacemaker" (2022). Holland was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Holland has been in a partnership with director James Gunn since 2015.

Peaky Blinders (TV series)

Peaky Blinders is a British period crime drama television series created by Steven Knight. It is about the Peaky Blinders crime gang in Birmingham after World War I. 

It stars Cillian Murphy, Helen McCrory, Paul Anderson, Sam Neill, Iddo Goldberg, Tom Hardy, Paddy Considine, Adrien Brody, Aidan Gillen, Annabelle Wallis, Charlotte Riley, Sam Claflin, Stephen Graham, and Anya Taylor-Joy.

Netflix, under the deal with Weinstein Company and Endemol, have the rights to release "Peaky Blinders" in the United States and around the world. In January 2021, it was announced that series six would be the last.

Annabelle Wallis

Annabelle Wallis (born 25 September 1984) is an English actress. She is known for her roles as Jane Seymour in Showtime's period drama "The Tudors" (2009–2010), Grace Burgess in the BBC drama "Peaky Blinders" (2013–2019), Mia Form in the supernatural horror movie "Annabelle" (2014) and Madison Mitchell in the horror movie "Malignant" (2021).

Her maternal great-uncle was Irish actor Richard Harris.

Wallis has been in a relationship with American actor Chris Pine since April 2018.

Brian Austin Green

Brian Austin Green (born Brian Green; July 15, 1973) is an Australian born, American actor, producer, and former rapper. He is best known for his role of David Silver on the television series "Beverly Hills, 90210" (1990–2000). 

Green was married to actress Megan Fox between 2010 until their divorce in 2021. They have three children.

Hero Fiennes Tiffin

Hero Beauregard Faulkner Fiennes Tiffin (born 6 November 1997) is an English actor and model. He is known for his starring role as Hardin Scott in the "After" movie series. 

He also played 11-year-old Tom Riddle in the movie "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince". His uncle, Ralph Fiennes, portrayed the older version of Riddle, Lord Voldemort in four of the "Harry Potter" movies.

His uncles are actors Ralph and Joseph Fiennes. 

The Monroes (1966 TV series)

The Monroes was a 1960s American western series that ran for one season and 26 episodes on ABC. It ran from 7 September, 1966 to 15 March, 1967 and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Shizuo Satō

Shizuo Satō ( "Satō Shizuo"; 4 November 1931 – 16 January 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He was in the House of Councillors from 1992 to 1998. He was born in the Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.

Satō died of a heart attack in Iwaki, Japan ​on 16 January 2022 at the age of 90.

Narayan Debnath

Narayan Debnath (25 November 1925 – 18 January 2022) was an Indian comics artist, writer and illustrator. He was the creator of the popular Bengali comic strips of "Handa Bhonda" (1962), "Bantul the Great" (1965) and "Nonte Phonte" (1969). In 2021, he was honored with the Padma Shri. Debnath was born in Howrah, Bengal Presidency, British India.

Debnath died on 18 January 2022 at a hospital in Kolkata, India from problems caused by pneumonia at the age of 96.

Carol Speed

Carolyn Ann Stewart (March 14, 1945 – January 14, 2022) known as Carol Speed, was an American actress, singer and author. Speed was best known for her roles in movies during the 1970s blaxploitation era. She starred as Abby Williams in the 1974 blaxploitation horror movie "Abby." She also played Lulu in "The Mack". Speed was born in Bakersfield, California. Her career began in 1969 and she retired in 1989.

Speed died on January 14, 2022 in Muskogee, Oklahoma at the age of 76.

Péter Márki-Zay

Péter "MZP" Márki-Zay (, born 9 May 1972) is a Hungarian politician, marketer, economist, electrical engineer and historian. He has been the mayor of Hódmezővásárhely since 2018. He is the co-founder of the Everybody's Hungary Movement. 

Márki-Zay won the 2021 opposition primary and is the candidate of the United for Hungary challenging Prime Minister Viktor Orbán in the 2022 parliamentary election.

Miklós Németh

Miklós Németh (, born 24 January 1948) is a Hungarian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1988 to 1990. He is known for his role in bringing down the Iron Curtain and dismantling the Communist regime in Hungary.

Németh was born on January 24, 1948, in Monok, Hungary. He studied economics at the Karl Marx University of Economics in Budapest and later earned a doctorate in economics from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. In 1971, he began working for the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party (MSZMP), the ruling Communist party in Hungary at the time.

In 1987, Németh was appointed as Minister of State in charge of economic affairs. As the Hungarian economy struggled under Communist rule, Németh sought to introduce reforms that would open up the economy to market forces and increase private enterprise. He believed that a market-oriented approach was necessary to modernize the economy and improve the standard of living for Hungarians.

In 1988, Németh became the Prime Minister of Hungary. He continued his efforts to reform the economy and pursued a policy of openness towards the West. He lifted restrictions on travel and allowed Hungarian citizens to travel freely to the West. He also initiated talks with the neighboring countries of Austria and Czechoslovakia, which ultimately led to the dismantling of the Iron Curtain.

One of Németh's most significant achievements was his role in opening the border between Hungary and Austria in 1989. This move allowed thousands of East Germans who were vacationing in Hungary to escape to the West. The event marked a turning point in the collapse of the Communist regimes in Eastern Europe.

Németh's reforms also led to significant changes within Hungary. He introduced a multi-party system, and the first free elections in Hungary were held in 1990. The Hungarian Democratic Forum, a center-right party, won the elections, and Németh stepped down as Prime Minister.

After leaving politics, Németh continued to work in academia and served as the president of the Corvinus University of Budapest from 1997 to 2000. He also remained active in politics and was elected to the Hungarian Parliament in 2002.

In recognition of his role in the collapse of the Communist regime, Németh was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1990 and the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary in 2008.

Today, Németh is widely regarded as a hero of the democratic movement in Hungary and a symbol of the country's transition to democracy. His efforts to bring down the Iron Curtain and open up the economy have had a lasting impact on Hungary and the wider world.

Miklós Németh was born on January 24, 1948, in Monok, Hungary. He grew up in a family of farmers and received his higher education at the Budapest University of Economics. Németh went on to become a prominent figure in Hungarian politics, serving as the last Communist Prime Minister of Hungary before the fall of the Iron Curtain.

After completing his studies, Miklós Németh worked as an economist and researcher at various institutions in Hungary. He later became involved in politics, serving as a member of the Hungarian Parliament and as a government minister.

Miklós Németh served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1988 to 1990, during a pivotal period in the country's history. He was appointed to the position during the last years of communist rule in Hungary, but quickly became a key figure in the country's transition to a democratic government. Németh is credited with playing a crucial role in dismantling the Iron Curtain and opening the country's borders with Austria in 1989. His reforms also included significant economic liberalization, which helped Hungary transition to a market-based economy.

After leaving office as Prime Minister of Hungary in 1990, Miklós Németh continued to be involved in Hungarian politics. He served as a member of parliament until 1998, when he resigned to become a professor of international studies at the Budapest University of Economics. Németh was also involved in various international organizations, including the Club of Madrid and the European Council on Foreign Relations. In 2010, he published a book entitled "A Chance for Peace," which documented his role in the fall of the Iron Curtain and the transition to democracy in Hungary. Németh remains an influential figure in Hungarian politics and is widely recognized for his contributions to the country's democratic transition.

The Tragedy of Macbeth (2021 movie)

The Tragedy of Macbeth is a 2021 American historical drama thriller movie written and directed by Joel Coen. It is based on the play "Macbeth" by William Shakespeare. It stars Denzel Washington, Frances McDormand, Bertie Carvel, Alex Hassell, Corey Hawkins, Harry Melling, Kathryn Hunter, and Brendan Gleeson.

It was released on Apple TV+ on December 25, 2021. 

COVID-19 pandemic in Connecticut

The COVID-19 pandemic began affecting the U.S. state of Connecticut in March 2020. On March 8, the first confirmed case was found. The patient was between 40 and 50 years old and lived in the town of Wilton. They had traveled to California.

By June, the number of deaths from COVID-19 was at least 3,970.

As of January 17 and 18, 2022, the state had 653,416 cases of COVID-19. The number of deaths between January 13 and 17, 2022 was 9,442 people. About 1,857 were in the hospital for COVID-19 and its effects.

By May 3, 2021, Connecticut had become the first state to fully vaccinate at least 50% of its population against COVID-19. 


Stefan Lainer

Stefan Lainer (born 27 August 1992) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as right-back for Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Austria national team.

Lainer started with the local club SV Seekirchen. In 2006 he came to Red Bull Salzburg. In 2010 he played his first match for Red Bull Juniors. Then he played on loan for SV Grödig. In 2012 he was in the squad of FC Liefering, the second team of FC Red Bull Salzburg. On 1 July 2015 to FC Red Bull Salzburg on a three-year contract. He was part of the squad which reached the Europa League semi-finals in the 2017–18 season. In 2018 he went on to Borussia Mönchengladbach in the German Bundesliga along with his coach Marco Rose.

Lainer played for Austrian youth national teams (U16, U17, U18 and U19). In March 2017 he debuted in a friendly match versus Finland in the Austria national football team.

Lainer is the son of Leo Lainer, who played for SV Austria Salzburg and the Austrian national team.


El Astillero

El Astillero (English: "The Shipyard") is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Cantabria, northern Spain. It is near the provincial capital of Santander.

Chetumal

Chetumal (, , ; , ) is a city on the east coast of the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico. It is the capital of the state of Quintana Roo. In 2020, about 169,028 people lived here.

Ecnomiohyla minera

The Guatemala tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla minera") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 701 and 1830 meters above sea level in more than one mountain range. Scientists think it must also live in Mexico.

Tolson Museum

Tolson Memorial Museum is a museum in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire. It is particularly famous for its collection of natural history.

Sohail Khan (cricketer)

Sohail Khan (; born 6 March 1984) is a Pakistani cricketer. A right-arm fast bowler, he gained instant recognition during his debut first-class season in 2007 when he broke Fazal Mahmood's record for the best bowling figures by a Pakistani in a first-class match. Shortly afterwards he made his international debut, in an ODI against Zimbabwe. Khan was part of the team for 2015 Cricket World Cup.

Vardhan Rajeev Puri

Vardhan Puri is an Indian actor. He mainly acts in Hindi movies. He is the grandson of veteran actor Amrish Puri. He is known for his portrayal of Sahil Mehra and Surya Mehra in the 2019 romantic thriller Yeh Saali Aashiqui, for which he received a nomination for a Filmfare Awards for Best Actor in 2019.

Puri was born in Mumbai to Rajeev Puri and Meena Puri. His grandfather Amrish Puri was a famous film and theater actor most well known for playing villainous roles in Punjabi, Hindi cinema as well as other Indian and international film industries. 

During his collage years, Puri used to perform as a theatre artist. He has worked in 90 plays like "Surya Ki Antim Kiran Se Surya Ki Pehli Kiran Tak", written by the award-winning playwright Surendra Verma, and "Tughlaq". After completing his graduation, he started working as an assistant director for Yash Raj Films, contributing to movies like Ishaqzaade, Shudh Desi Romance and Daawat-e-Ishq.

In 2019, Puri commenced his acting career with a romantic thriller Yeh Saali Aashiqui along with Shivaleeka Oberoi. The film was directed by Cherag Ruparel and written by Ruparel. It was produced by Pen India Limited.

In 2020, Puri was signed for a lead role by Vivek Agnihotri for the movie The Last Show, alongside Anupam Kher and Satish Kaushik.

In 2021, he was cast as the lead in two other films titled "Bobby Aur Rishi Ki Love Story," a romantic film directed by Kunal Kohli and co-starring Kaveri Kapur, the daughter of Shekhar Kapur, and "Aseq", a supernatural horror film helmed by Sarim Momin. The films were shot in the UK.



Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2

Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2 () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language comedy horror film directed by Anees Bazmee, written by Aakash Kaushik, and produced by Bhushan Kumar. It is a standalone sequel to Priyadarshan's 2007 iconic horror comedy "Bhool Bhulaiyaa". "Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2" stars Kartik Aaryan, Tabu and Kiara Advani. The filming began on 9 October 2019. It was theatrically released in India on 20 May 2022. The film received positive reviews from critics, with praise for the performances (particularly Tabu), horror sequences, and Kaushik's screenplay. The film is loosely based on the Malayalam film "Geethaanjali" directed by Priyadarshan, which was based on Agatha Christie's novel, "Elephants Can Remember".

In 2007, a group of sorcerers trap a spirit inside a room of the Thakur palace, securing it with holy threads.

Eighteen years later, Ruhan Randhawa meets Reet Thakur on a trip to Chandigarh and convinces her to miss their bus to attend a music festival. The duo later finds out that the bus they were supposed to take had an accident and Reet's family thinks she is dead. Reet finds out that her cousin was in love with her fiancé, and in order to get them married she convinces Ruhan to stay in her ancestral home, where the spirit of Manjulika is trapped, with her so her family thinks she is dead.

When Reet's family finds Ruhan there they confront him and Ruhan pretends to be a spirit seer, and through a bunch of happy accidents manages to convince the villagers. Ruhan tells the family that Reet's final wishes were to stay in the ancestral home with her family and see her cousin marry. Meanwhile, three priests whose business is affected because of Ruhan try to convince the villagers that he is a fraud, causing Reet to hide in Manjulika's room, which then releases her spirit, who causes havoc but the family thinks Reet's spirit is doing so.

Manjulika's backstory is revealed. Manjulika and Anjulika, Reet's sister-in-law, were identical twins but Manjulika was jealous of Anjulika because she was their father's favourite, so she started practising dark magic. When a boy she liked chooses Anjulika over her, she decides to kill her, killing their father in the process. But Anjulika ends up stabbing Manjulika in defense and Manjulika's spirit pushes her husband from the balcony, paralyzing him. They call a priest to lock Manjulika's spirit in a room and leave the house planning to never return.

In the present day, Manjulika's spirit keeps causing disrupt but Ruhan, Reet and Anjulika, who found out everything, are afraid to tell fearing that Reet's secret will be out. Manjulika's spirit enters. Ruhan get possessed by Manjulika's spirit and threatens Anjulika in front of the family. Reet is revealed to be alive. Anjulika holds a knife to Reet's throat and it is revealed that she was Manjulika all along. Manjulika had switched bodies with Anjulika and had killed Anjulika that night and pushed Anjulika's husband off the balcony when he found out the truth. Anjulika's spirit was locked in a room for eighteen years while Manjulika pretended to be her.

Ruhan reveals that he knew the truth and had pretended to be possessed so the truth was unveiled. Anjulika's spirit appears and Manjulika admits to everything. Anjulika's spirit then drags and traps Manjulika in the same room where she was locked and talks to her family. She asks them to forgive Reet because her innocence was proven because of her. She thanks Ruhan, and Manjulika is heard screaming to be let out. Anjulika asks the family to leave because she has unfinished business with her sister and proceeds to enter the locked room after which screaming is heard.


Alteglofsheim

Alteglofsheim is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Altenthann

Altenthann is a village and municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Altenthann is in Regensburg, about 18 kilometres northwest of the town of Wörth an der Donau.

There are 50 subdivisions within the municipality:
There are the districts of Altenthann, Forstmühler Forst, Göppenbach, Lichtenwald and Pfaffenfang.


Áedán mac Gabráin

Áedán mac Gabráin or Áedan of Dalriada was the first king of Scotland that historians know lived in real life. He was not only a legend or myth. Stories say he was the son of King Gabhran mac Domangairt. Aedan's son, Eochaid Buide, became king after him in the early sixth century. He ascended the throne in the 570s. One source says Aedan died in 608. 

Fethelmachus of Scotland

Fethelmachus was a legendary king of Scotland said to have reigned from 354 to 360. He was said to have murdered the king of the Picts. Fethelmachus was slain by an Irish harper and the crown passed to Eugene I.

Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser

"Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser" or "God Save Emperor Francis" was made by Joseph Haydn in 1797, he wanted a song that could beat the English song "God Save the Queen".

He wrote it as a song for Francis II of the Holy Roman Empire, and after 1806, Austrian Empire.

Azerbaijan (Iran)

Azerbaijan, also known as Iranian Azerbaijan, is a historical region in northwestern Iran that borders Iraq, Turkey, the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Armenia, and the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Iranian Azerbaijan includes three provinces: West Azerbaijan, East Azerbaijan and Ardabil. some sources also include the province of Zanjan and parts of hamadan , markazi , alborz , qazvin and gilan. The region is inhabited by ethnic azeris, with minority populations of Kurds, Armenians, Tats, Talysh, Assyrians and some persians (most of the persians have moved in recently for jobs and work)
Iranian Azerbaijan is the land originally and historically called Azerbaijan, Republic of Azerbaijan appropriated the name of the region in Iran during the 20th century. Historic Azerbaijan was called "Atropatene" and Adurbadagan in the pre-Islamic Middle Ages.

After being defeated by Russian Empire, Qajar Persia gave all of its territories in the North Caucasus and Transcaucasia to Russia via the Treaty of Gulistan of 1813 and the Treaty of Turkmenchay of 1828. The territories south of the Aras River, which comprised the region historically known as Azerbaijan, became the new north-west frontier of the Persian Empire and later Iran. The territories north of the Aras River, which were not known by the name Azerbaijan at the time of their capture by Russia, were absorbed into the Russian Empire. It was later incorporated into the Soviet Union as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic, and finally became the independent Republic of Azerbaijan when the Soviet Union dissolved.

The Cuphead Show!

The Cuphead Show! is an animated slapstick comedy television series based on the Cuphead video game. It follows the misadventures of the impulsive Cuphead and his easily swayed brother Mugman. It was released on Netflix on February 18, 2022 and later premiered on Boomerang on June 28, 2022. It was developed by Dave Wasson for Netflix. Chad and Jared Moldenhauer, the creators of "Cuphead", serve as executive producers, along with Wasson and CJ Kettler from King Features Syndicate, and with Cosmo Segurson serving as the co-executive producer of the show. Season 2 was released on August 19, 2022, followed, soon after, by the third season released on November 18, 2022.

Tonami, Toyama


From Japanese census data,


Cloud rap

Cloud rap is a subgenre of Southern rap and trap music. It also has some characteristics of lo-fi because it has a relaxed sound. 

Rappers Lil B and producer Clams Casino are seen as key people in this genre's founding. The term "cloud rap" is inspired by internet.

Nusantara (planned city)

Nusantara () is a proposed capital region name which will be the next seat of government of Indonesia.

The current capital Jakarta had challenges include rapid urban growth and flooding. The city is sinking up to 17 cm (6.7 inches) per year. It is also one of the fastest-sinking capitals in the world. In 2019, President Joko Widodo announced that the country's capital would change.

On 17 January 2022, during a Special Committee Meeting, Minister of National Development Planning Suharso Monoarfa said the new nation's capital would be named Nusantara. The following day, the Parliament of Indonesia voted to officially change the capital from Jakarta to Nusantara.

Construction started after COVID-19 vaccination campaign finished in March 2022.

Moon Knight (TV series)

Moon Knight is an American television miniseries created by Jeremy Slater for the streaming service Disney+. It is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name and is the sixth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) produced by Marvel Studios, sharing continuity with the movies of the franchise. 

Marianna Valovova

Marianna Valovova (born 1918) was a Soviet speed skater. She was Soviet Champion in 1937.

She competed at the 1949, 1950, 1951, and 1952 World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women .

Archive 81

Archive 81 is an American horror streaming television series. It was developed by Rebecca Sonnenshine, written by Paul Harris Boardman and executive produced by Sonnenshine, Boardman, and James Wan. The series is based on the podcast of the same name, about researchers cataloging the video archive of a missing filmmaker. It stars Mamoudou Athie and Dina Shihabi in leading roles. The series was released on January 14, 2022 on Netflix.




Wolf Like Me

Wolf Like Me is a streaming television drama miniseries. It was produced by Stan in association with NBCUniversal and Peacock. It premiered on both streaming services on 13 January 2022.

Gary and Mary are in a new relationship but both have baggage. Gary is an emotional wreck and struggles to provide for his daughter since the death of his wife. Mary has a secret she can't bring herself to share with anyone. The universe brought these two together for a reason, they just need to keep following the signs.




Thesan

In Etruscan Religion and mythology, Thesan is the Etruscan goddess of the dawn, divination and childbirth. She is part of the Roman Aurora and Greek Eos. In some places, she received gifts together with the sun god Usil . She was especially worshipped at Caere and the city’s harbor Pyrgi.

Thesan is seen with wings and sometimes naked.

Alberto Michelotti

Alberto Michelotti (15 July 1930 – 18 January 2022) was an Italian football player and referee. He played for A.C. Fidenza 1922 between 1952 until 1953. In his youth career, he played for Parma Calcio 1913 between 1946 until 1947 and again from 1948 until 1949. He was a FIFA referee between 1973 until 1981.

Michelotti died on 18 January 2022, at the age of 91.

Zé Felipe

José Felipe Rocha Costa (born 21 April, 1998) better known by the stage name of Zé Felipe also known by the acronym ZF, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter. His career began in 2013.

Felipe was born in Goiânia, Brazil. He is married to the digital influencer Virginia Fonseca. They have a daughter.

Promotional singles

Alberta Santuccio

Alberta Santuccio (born 22 October 1994 in Catania) is an Italian fencer, specialized in the Épée. At the 2020 Summer Olympics, she won the bronze medal in the women's team Épée, with Mara Navarria, Federica Isola and Rossella Fiamingo.

She competed at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, 2014 World Cup, 2018 World Cup, and 2015 European Championships in Baku. 


Eliezer Schweid

Eliezer Schweid (7 September 1929 – 18 January 2022) was an Israeli scholar, writer and philosopher. He was the Professor of Jewish Philosophy at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was also a fellow of the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. In 1994, Schweid won the Israel Prize, in Jewish thought. He was born in Jerusalem, Israel.

Schweid died in Jerusalem on 18 January 2022, at the age of 92.

Laurence Monroe Klauber

Laurence Monroe Klauber (December 21, 1883 – May 8, 1968), was an American herpetologist, businessman and inventor. He was known for his works on rattlesnakes. He was the first curator of reptiles and amphibians at the San Diego Natural History Museum and Consulting Curator of Reptiles for the San Diego Zoo.

Lynn Yeakel

Lynn Hardy Yeakel (July 9, 1941 – January 13, 2022) was an American administrator and Democratic politician. She was the Director of Drexel University College of Medicine's Institute for Women's Health and Leadership. Yeakel was born in Portsmouth, Virginia.

Yeakel ran for the U.S. Senate in 1992 in Pennsylvania against Senator Arlen Specter. She unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Pennsylvania in the 1994 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election.

Yeakel died on January 13, 2022 in Fort Myers, Florida from a short-illness, aged 80.

Va'ai Papu Vailupe

Va'ai Papu Vailupe (also known as Mafasolia Papu Vailupe) (died 17 January 2022) was a Samoan politician. He was the leader of the Tautua Samoa Party from 2010 to 2011. His father is former Prime Minister Va'ai Kolone. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa between 1991 until 2001 and again from 2006 until 2011.

Vailupe died in Auckland, New Zealand on 17 January 2022.

Jamie Vincent

Jamie Roy Vincent (18 June 1975 – 18 January 2022) was an English professional footballer. He played as a defender. His career began in 1993 and he retired in 2012. He was known for playing with Bournemouth, Huddersfield Town, Portsmouth, Swindon Town, Walsall and Aldershot Town.

Vincent died from a heart attack in Reading, Berkshire on 18 January 2022, at the age of 46.

Aldershot Town F.C.

Aldershot Town Football Club is a professional association football club in Aldershot, Hampshire, England. The team competes in the National League. It is the fifth tier of the English football league system. The club was founded in the spring of 1992.

They won the First Division title in 1997–98 and the Premier Division in 2002–03 to gain a place in the Conference. They spent five seasons in League Two, reaching the play-offs in 2010. They reached the National League play-offs in 2017 and 2018.

Frank Stallone

Francesco Stallone Jr. (born July 30, 1950) is an American actor, singer-songwriter and guitarist. He is the younger brother of Sylvester Stallone. His song "Far from Over" appeared in the 1983 movie "Staying Alive". He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and Grammy Award for this song.

Nigel Bruce

William Nigel Ernle Bruce (4 February 1895 – 8 October 1953) was a British actor. He was best known for his role of Dr. Watson in a movie series and in the radio series "The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes". He also appeared in Alfred Hitchcock movies "Rebecca" and "Suspicion".

Bruce died of a heart attack, in Santa Monica, California at the age of 58.

Basil Rathbone

Philip St. John Basil Rathbone MC (13 June 1892 – 21 July 1967) was an English actor. He was known for playing Mr. Murdstone in "David Copperfield" (1935), Tybalt in "Romeo and Juliet" (1936) and Sir Guy of Gisbourne in "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938). 

His most famous role was that of Sherlock Holmes in fourteen Hollywood movies made between 1939 and 1946 and in a radio series. 

He won a Tony Award in 1948 as Best Actor in a Play. He was also nominated for two Academy Awards and was honoured with three stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Rathbone died suddenly of a heart attack in New York City on 21 July 1967 at the age of 75.

Hartsdale, New York

Hartsdale is located in the town of Greenburgh, Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 3,377 at the 2020 census. It is a suburb of New York City.

Activision Blizzard

Activision Blizzard, Inc. is an American video game holding company. They are based in Santa Monica, California. The company was founded in July 2008, when Activision merged with Blizzard Entertainment. Since 2015, it has been one of the stocks that make up the S&P 500.

Microsoft announced its plans to buy Activision Blizzard for $68.7 billion on January 18, 2022. Activision Blizzard would become a division of Microsoft Gaming, while making Microsoft the third largest gaming company after Tencent and Sony.

Tencent

Tencent Holdings Ltd., also known as Tencent (腾讯), is a Chinese multinational technology and entertainment conglomerate and holding company. They are headquartered in Shenzhen. It is also the largest company in the gaming industry in the world based on its investments. 

It was founded in 1998. It owns Riot Games and Tencent Music. It has over 600 investments, including 40% of Epic Games and 4% of Tesla. Tencent has also entered the Artificial Intelligence industry by releasing their AI solution called "Hunyuan" in 2023.

Scream (2022 movie)

Scream (also informally known as Scream 5) is a 2022 American slasher movie directed by Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett. It written by James Vanderbilt and Guy Busick. It is the fifth movie in the "Scream" movie series. It is a direct sequel to "Scream 4" (2011), and the first in the series not to be directed by Wes Craven. 

The movie stars Melissa Barrera, Mason Gooding, Mikey Madison, Dylan Minnette, Jace Norman, Jenna Ortega, Jack Quaid, Marley Shelton, Jasmin Savoy Brown, Sonia Ben Ammar, Courteney Cox, Steve Burns, David Arquette, Matthew Lillard, and Neve Campbell. It was released on January 14, 2022.

Kyle Richards

Kyle Egan Richards Umansky (born January 11, 1969) is an American actress and television personality. She began her career as a child actress in "Little House on the Prairie", and is know for appearing as Lindsay Wallace in the "Halloween" films franchise. Richards has appeared as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since 2010. As of 2023, Richards is the last remaining original cast member of the series.

Kyle Egan Richards was born in the Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California on January 11, 1969, as the younger of two daughters to businessman and retired lieutenant colonel Ken Richards, and casting director Kathleen Richards. Her elder sister is Kim Richards, an actress. She also has an older maternal half-sister, Kathy Hilton, and three older paternal half-siblings, all of whom are deceased. Richards is of Welsh and Irish ancestry.
Richards resides in Encino, Los Angeles with Umansky, their three daughters and their dogs.

Richards dated actor C. Thomas Howell during the 1980s. Richards lost her virginity to Howell.

Richards married her first husband, Guraish Aldjufrie, who is from Indonesia, while Richards was pregnant with their daughter Farrah Brittany, at the age of 19. The couple separated in 1990 and divorced two years later.

Richards met her second husband, Mauricio Umansky, in 1994. The couple wed on January 20, 1996, when Richards was 4 months pregnant with their daughter Alexia Umansky. The couple have two more daughters; Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky. Richards' in-law's are clothing manufacturer Eduardo Umansky and psychologist Estella Sneider. Richards converted to Modern Orthodox Judaism when she married Umansky. Richards and Umansky separated after 27 years of marriage, it was reported by "People" magazine on July 3, 2023. The couple later released a joint statement which denied they were divorcing, but admitted that they were going through a difficult period in their marriage. Richards and Umansky have both since confirmed their separation.

Andi Matichak

Andi Matichak (born June 7, 1994) is an American actress. She first appeared in television series such as "666 Park Avenue", "Orange Is the New Black" and "Blue Bloods". She is known for her first movie role as Allyson Nelson in the horror movie "Halloween" (2018) and in its sequels "Halloween Kills" (2021) and "Halloween Ends" (2022).

Jordan Michallet

Jordan Michallet (10 January 1993 – 18 January 2022) was a French rugby union player. He played at the fly-half position. Michallet was born in Voiron, France. He played for CS Bourgoin-Jallieu between 2015 until 2017 and Rouen Normandie Rugby from 2018 until his death. His career began in 2005.

Michallet killed himself on 18 January 2022 in Rouen, France, a week after his 29th birthday.

Voiron

Voiron (; ) is a commune (French municipality) in the ninth district of the Isère department in southeastern France.

Robert S. Mulliken

Robert Sanderson Mulliken (June 7, 1896 – October 31, 1986) was an American physicist and chemist. He was responsible for the early development of molecular orbital theory. 

Justina Machado

Justina Milagros Machado (born September 6, 1972) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Penelope Alvarez on the Netflix and Pop TV sitcom "One Day at a Time". She also played Darci Factor in The CW dramedy "Jane the Virgin".

Utkarsh Ambudkar

Utkarsh Ambudkar ( ; born December 8, 1983), also known by his stage name UTK the INC, is an American actor, rapper, and singer.

He played Skatch, a con artist, in a deleted scene of the 2020 Disney live-action remake of "Mulan". That same year he appeared in Disney's "Godmothered", and then in the 2021 action comedy "Free Guy". 

Ambudkar will play King Bumi in the Netflix live-action series "".

Red Hat (disambiguation)

Red Hat is a software corporation.

Red hat or Red Hat may also refer to:




Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation

Rocky Enterprise Software Foundation "(RESF)" is a non-profit organization that manages and develops open source Rocky Linux operating system.

RESF founded in December 2020 to promote and protect Rocky Linux and its development work.

In order to ensure that all perspectives are heard, the organization is structured into teams, where each of the team lead(s) sits on the leadership team and serves as the RESF Board of Advisors.

The general structure of the organization consists of a flat hierarchy of teams with a leadership team. Each team will have one or more of the following roles:

RESF is sponsored by many companies, such as CIQ, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, MontaVista and VMware.


Fedora (disambiguation)

A fedora is a type of hat.

Fedora may also refer to:


Bull (2016 TV series)

Bull is an American legal drama starring Michael Weatherly as the title character. The show is set in New York. It began airing on CBS on September 20, 2016. It ended in May 2022.

Yvette Mimieux

Yvette Carmen Mimieux (January 8, 1942 – January 17, 2022) was an American actress. She is known for her role in "The Time Machine" (1960). She was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards during her acting career. Mimieux was born in Los Angeles, California.

Mimieux died on January 17, 2022 at her home in Los Angeles, nine days after her 80th birthday.

Trysil

Trysil is a city in Innlandet county, Norway. Before 1906, the name was spelled ""Tryssil"".


Lusia Harris

Lusia Harris-Stewart (born Lusia Harris; February 10, 1955 – January 18, 2022) was an American basketball player. She played for Delta State University. She won three Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW) National Championships.

She represented the United States' national team and won the silver medal in the 1976 Olympic Games. She played professional basketball with the Houston Angels of the Women's Professional Basketball League (WBL). She was the first and only woman ever officially drafted by the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Harris was honored into to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and Women's Basketball Hall of Fame.

Harris died on January 18, 2022 in Greenwood, Mississippi at the age of 66.


Marie-José Denys

Marie-José Denys (15 March 1950 – 12 January 2022) was a French politician. She is a member of the Socialist Party. She was a member of the European Parliament from 1989 to 1994. and again from 1997 to 1999. Denys was born in La Rochelle, France.

Denys died on 12 January 2022, at the age of 71.

Dick Zimmer

Richard Alan Zimmer (born August 16, 1944) is an American Republican Party politician and lawyer. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for New Jersey's 12th congressional district from 1991 until 1997. He was the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senatein 1996 and 2008.

Maho Beach

Maho Beach is a beach on the Dutch side of the Caribbean island of Saint Martin, in the territory of Sint Maarten. It is known for being across the Princess Juliana International Airport. It is a popular place for tourists and plane watchers, who visit the beach to watch planes land at the airport.

In July 2017, a 57-year-old woman from New Zealand was killed after strong winds caused by a plane taking off, pushed her off from the fence and forced her head to smash into concrete.

Princess Juliana International Airport

Princess Juliana International Airport is the main airport on the Caribbean island of Saint Martin/Sint Maarten. The airport is located on the Dutch side of the island, in the country of Sint Maarten. It is named after Queen Juliana.

The airport has very low-altitude flyover landing approaches. One end of its runway is extremely close to the shore and Maho Beach. 

André Leon Talley

André Leon Talley (October 16, 1948 – January 18, 2022) was an American fashion journalist. He was the creative director and American editor-at-large of "Vogue" magazine. He was the magazine's fashion news director from 1983 to 1987 and then its creative director from 1988 to 1995. He was openly gay.

In 2007, Talley was ranked 45th in "Out" magazine's "50 Most Powerful Gay Men and Women in America".

Talley died at a hospital in White Plains, New York from a heart attack caused by COVID-19 on January 18, 2022, at the age of 73.

Gale Wade

Galeard Lee Wade (January 20, 1929 – January 16, 2022) was an American baseball player. He played center fielder in Major League Baseball who for the Chicago Cubs in the 1955 and 1956 seasons. Wade was born in Taney County, Missouri.

Wadeb died on January 16, 2022 in McDowell County, North Carolina just four days before his 93rd birthday.

Marion, North Carolina

Marion is a city in McDowell County, North Carolina, United States. It is the county seat of McDowell County.

Port Townsend, Washington

Port Townsend is a city in Jefferson County, Washington, United States. The population was 10,148 at the 2020 United States Census.
It is the county seat and only incorporated city of Jefferson County.

A Virgin Among the Living Dead

A Virgin Among the Living Dead is a 1973 European erotic horror movie It was directed by Jesús Franco. Franco made the movie in 1971. It was released in 1973 after some footage was added without Franco's involvement. It was later re-cut with some extra zombie footage. It was shown in theaters again in 1981 as a zombie movie. It has been restored on DVD to Franco's version.

Power Rangers Dino Fury

Power Rangers Dino Fury is a TV show filmed in New Zealand. "Power Rangers" aired from February 20 to December 18, 2021 with 22 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series, "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger". It is a sequel to "Power Rangers Beast Morphers". Season two of Power Rangers Dino Fury was from on March 3 to September 29, 2022 with 22 episodes. Its sequel season, "Power Rangers Cosmic Fury" started from 2023.






Łazienki Park

Łazienki Park or Royal Baths Park () is the largest park in Warsaw, Poland, occupying 76 hectares of the city center.

The park is within Warsaw's central district on Ujazdów Avenue, which is part of the Royal Route linking the Royal Castle with Wilanów Palace to the south of the park. While Ujazdów Castle is north of Łazienki Park

Łazienki Park was originally designed in the 17th century as a baths park for nobleman Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski. In the 18th century the park was transformed by Poland's last monarch, Stanislaus II Augustus for palaces, villas, classicist follies, and monuments. In 1918 it was officially made as a public park. 

Łazienki is visited by tourists from all over Poland and the world, and serves as a venue for music, the arts, and culture. The park is also home to large number of wildlife.

Historic images
By Vogel (1800s)
Garden features
Museum of Hunting and Horsemanship

Dan Reynolds

Daniel Coulter Reynolds (born July 14, 1987) is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. He is the lead singer of the pop rock band Imagine Dragons. Reynolds also released an EP in 2011, titled "Egyptian – EP." It is a duo with his wife Aja Volkman as a group named Egyptian. He has been given the Songwriters Hall of Fame Hal David Starlight Award.

Ecnomiohyla rabborum

Rabb's fringe-limbed tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla rabborum") is a frog that lives in Panama. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 1150 meters above sea level in cloud forests near a town called El Valle de Anton. Scientists think this frog might be extinct.

The adult male frog is 62 to 97 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 61 to 100 mm long. This frog is either brown or brown and green in color. It lives high in the trees. It can use the skin on its legs to glide on the air when it jumps.

The male frog finds a hole in the tree that has water in it. He sings for the female frogs. More than one female frog may come to lay eggs in the same hole. The female lays 60-200 eggs at a time. She puts the eggs just under the surface of the water so that they stick to the wood. The tadpoles hatch and swim in the water. Scientists think the male frog feeds them. They have seen the male frog sit in the water. It looks like the tadpoles eat small bites out of his skin.

The fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" can kill this frog with disease. Scientists first saw this fungus on the frogs in 2006. In 2007, the scientists found only one frog living in the area. The scientists found no frogs at all in 2008 or any year after that.

People had brought some frogs to a zoo in Atlanta, Georgia. The zoo frogs did not have living young, even though human beings tried to help. The last frog, a female named "Toughie," died in 2016.

The frog is named after George and Mary Rabb, two people who liked to save frogs.

Habitual be

Habitual "be" is the use of an unchanged "be" common among Black people to indicate habitual or extended actions, in contrast to forms of "be" in Standard Engish (am/is/are, etc). For example, instead of "She is late" or "They are always doing that," "She do be late" and "They always be doing that" are used. 

Aufhausen

Aufhausen is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Bach an der Donau

Bach is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Danube river.

Barbing

Barbing is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Danube river.

Barbing has eleven districts:

Beratzhausen

Beratzhausen is a market town and municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Bernhardswald

Bernhardswald is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Brennberg

Brennberg is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Brunn, Upper Palatinate

Brunn is a municipality in the Upper Palatinate in Regensburg.

Deuerling

Deuerling is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Duggendorf

Duggendorf is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hagelstadt

Hagelstadt is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hemau

Hemau is a small town in Southern Germany, in Regensburg. The town is on the "Tangrintel", a ridge which runs between the rivers Altmühl and Schwarze Laber.

It is on the B8 road, north-west of Regensburg, south-east of Nuremberg. The nearest towns, about distant, are Beratzhausen and Laaber.

The district of Hemau is the largest in the "Landkreis", and includes ten outlying villages which are parts of town, though they are not in the town of Hemau itself:

Imphal West District Polo Tournament 2021

The Imphal West District Polo Tournament 2021 () is a polo tournament that was held in Imphal West District of Manipur. It was organised by the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) at Awang Potshangbam Khullen Lampak. The Manipur Police Sports Club (B) won the trophy after defeating Manipur Police Sports Club (A) at 11-4 goals.

The following polo clubs participated in the championship:

Aichkirchen, Germany

Aichkirchen is a village in the Upper Palatinate, Bavaria, Germany. It is part of Hemau.

Haag (Oberpfalz)

Haag is a village about four kilometers from Hemau in the Upper Palatinate, in Bavaria, Germany. It belongs administratively to Hemau, Regensburg.

Laufenthal

Laufenthal is a village in the Upper Palatinate (Bavaria, Germany), belonging to Regensburg and the market town of Hemau. Technically a ward of Hemau, Laufenthal is about five kilometers from the town, near the river Laaber. 


Holzheim am Forst

Holzheim am Forst is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany. The municipality belongs together with Duggendorf and the market town Kallmünz to the administrative community Kallmünz.

Kallmünz

Kallmünz is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is at the river Naab about 25 km north of Regensburg.


Köfering

Köfering is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Imphal East District Polo Tournament 2021

The Imphal East District Polo Tournament 2021 () is a polo tournament that was held in Imphal East District of Manipur. It was organised by the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) and New Vision Organisation at Yairipok Top Chingtha and Ningthounai Kangjeibung. It is the first edition of the annual "Imphal East District Polo Tournament" championship.

The following polo clubs participated in the championship:


Laaber

Laaber is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the River Schwarze Laber (note the spelling difference).

Lappersdorf

Lappersdorf is a municipality in Regensburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Regen, 4 km north of Regensburg.

Mintraching

Mintraching is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Mötzing

Mötzing is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Neutraubling

Neutraubling is a town in Bavaria in southern Germany, in Regensburg.

Nittendorf

Nittendorf is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Obertraubling

Obertraubling is a municipality in Bavaria, Upper Palatinate (), in Regensburg.

Obertraubling is directly on the southend of the City of Regensburg, the capital of the Upper Palatinate.

Community Population divided by subdivisions:
In 1972 the previously independent municipalities Niedertraubling, Gebelkofen and Oberhinkofen joined with Obertraubling and became one municipality.



Pentling

Pentling is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Danube.

Pettendorf

Pettendorf is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

The river Naab releases into the Danube in the municipality.

Pfakofen

Pfakofen is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Imphal East District Polo Tournament 2022

The Imphal East District Polo Tournament 2022 () is a polo tournament that was held in Imphal East District of Manipur. It was organised by the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) and New Vision Organisation at Yairipok Top Chingtha and Ningthounai Kangjeibung. It is the second edition of the annual "Imphal East District Polo Tournament" championship.

The following polo clubs participated in the championship:

Baseball (TV series)

Baseball was a 1994 fact filled movie series on PBS-TV by Ken Burns.

Yucca Mountain

Yucca Mountain is a mountain in Nevada, near its border with California. It is approximately northwest of Las Vegas. Yucca Mountain is in the Great Basin. The mountain is east of the Amargosa Desert, south of the Nevada Test and Training Range and in the Nevada National Security Site. It is the site of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository. As of 2021, laws have identified thid site as the place where spent nuclear waste is to be stored. Because of politics, the funding of the site was cut in 2010. 

Several large eruptionsd from a caldera volcano created Yucca Mountain. The mountain is composed of changing layers of different kinds of rock. The volcanic units have been tilted along fault lines. They formed the current ridge line called Yucca Mountain. In addition to these faults, Yucca Mountain is criss-crossed by fractures, many of which formed when the volcanic units cooled.

Yucca Mountain and surrounding lands were central in the lives of the Western Shoshone and Southern Paiute peoples, who shared them for religious ceremonies, resource uses, and social events; Yucca Mountain is still considered sacred by the Shoshone people living today.


Fenwick, Connecticut

Fenwick is a borough in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States, in the town of Old Saybrook. The population was 53 at the 2020 census, making it the least populous borough in Connecticut.

The town is famed for being the home of actress Katharine Hepburn until her death in 2003.

Indus script

Indus script is a collection of symbols that was used by the Indus Valley Civilization. They were used from about 2.500 BC to about 1.900 BC. Most inscriptions are extremely short. About 400 symbols are known. Scientists do not agree if these symbols were used as a writing system to record a language. 
So far no bilingual text have been found. An example of a bilinhial text us the Rosetta stone which has the same text in three different languages.

Tall Girl 2

Tall Girl 2 is an 2022 American teen romantic comedy movie. It is directed by Emily Ting from a screenplay by Sam Wolfson. The movie stars Ava Michelle, Sabrina Carpenter, Griffin Gluck, and Steve Zahn. It is the sequel to the 2019 movie "Tall Girl". The movie released on February 11, 2022.

Jodi Kreyman deals with her newfound popularity. Her miscommunications, however, start causing rifts with those around her and now she really needs to "stand tall." 


On December 1, 2020, Netflix selected Sam Wolfson to write a "Tall Girl" sequel, with Ava Michelle set to return as Jodi.

Principal photography began on April 12, 2021, and concluded on May 21, 2021, in New Orleans, Louisiana. The film was released on February 11, 2022.

Pfatter

Pfatter is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Danube.


Pielenhofen

Pielenhofen is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Naab River.

Regenstauf

Regenstauf is a municipality in Regensburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Regen, 12 km north of Regensburg.

Jill Rips

Jill Rips is a 2000 Canadian American Slovenian erotic thriller movie directed by Anthony Hickox and was based on the 1987 novel by Frederic Lindsay. It stars Dolph Lundgren, Danielle Brett, Kylie Bax, Kristi Angus, Charles Seixas.


Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature

The Royal Society of Literature (RSL) is a Learned society in the United KingdomIt was founded in 1820 by king George IV. He create it "to reward people with literary merit and excite literary talent". it is a charity that represents the voice of literature in the UK. The RSL has about 600 Fellows. They are elected from the best writers in any genre currently at work.


Riekofen

Riekofen is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Schierling

Schierling is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Pseudis

Pseudis or the swimming frogs are a genus of frogs that live in South America. They are in the family Hylidae. They are important because they have the largest tadpoles of any frog in the world. The adult frogs are not much bigger than other frogs, but the tadpoles are giant. Human beings hear these frogs more than they see them. This is because the frogs sing loud but blend into the water and plants so they are hard to see. The frogs live in lakes, ponds, marshes, and other bodies of waters that have many plants in them. These frogs sit near the top of the water, hiding in the plants or on floating plants. This frog will dive into the water if they see something that looks dangerous to them.

"Pseudis" frogs live in tropical and subtropical South America. Almost all of them live east of the Andes, on the Atlantic side of South America. "P. paradoxa" is the only species in "Pseudis" that has any frogs living west of the Andes. These frogs live from Trinidad to northern Argentina but not in Ecuador or Chile. They live in hills and other highland regions, and they live in the southernmost part of South America. All species in this genus are found in Brazil.

These frogs have several body parts that help them live in the water. They have eyes that stick up and out, strong hind legs, and fully webbed feet. Scientists say they are still "true" tree frogs, so they are in the family Hylidae.

Frogs in "Pseudis" find mates and lay eggs the same way most frogs do. However, their tadpoles are different. The tadpoles start live normal, but they continue growing until they are very, very large, sometimes as large as in length in "P. paradoxa" and "P. platensis". They are the longest tadpoles in the world. They are also very large compared to the adult frogs, which are from nose to rear end. Scientists have not seen enough tadpoles from other species to say for sure, they have seen enough to know they are also very large. Their adult frogs are also somewhat smaller with nose-to-rear-end lengths of . However, "P. cardosoi" and "P. minuta" (which could be in the proposed genus "Podonectes", see "Phylogenetic relationships") have more normal tadpoles that probably do not grow longer than . This is still large compared to the adults of these two species. This means that the animal is the largest it will ever be in its life when it is an older tadpole. It is smaller when it becomes a frog. In most of these frogs, tadpoles from different places can be different sizes. Tadpoles that grow in large, temporary bodies of waters with plenty of food and few animals that want to eat them grow larger than those in smaller bodies of water with less food, or year-round bodies of waters that may have fish or other animals that eat tadpoles in them. The very largest tadpoles usually have well-developed organs, including reproductive organs that are almost ready to be used. This means that the frogs are ready to mate very soon after becoming frogs. This is different from most genuses of frogs: In most species, the tadpoles become small frogs and then grow larger before they can mate and lay eggs.

"Pseudis" is closely related to the genus, "Lysapsus". The frogs in "Lysapsus" do not have giant tadpoles. In "Lysapsus", adults frogs grow to .

"Pseudis" tadpoles eat algae, many different kinds of algae. They can also eat 
small animals without bones, for example insects. The adult frogs eat land-based insects and spiders, but they also eat other animals without bones and smaller frog. Some frogs in "Pseudis" can eat plants.

There are seven species in this genus if we think of "Lysapsus" as a different genus. Until the late 1990s and early 2000s, most scientists said only "P. minuta" and "P. paradoxa" counted as frogs in "Pseudis". Scientists wrote the first paper about "P. cardosoi". Before that, scientists thought "P. cardosoi" was the same frog as "P. minuta". All the other species remaining were thought to be subspecies, synonyms or populations of "P. paradoxa". Not all scientists agree that "P. platensis" is not the same frog as "P. paradoxa".

Scientists argue about how these frogs are related to other frogs and toads. In the 19th and 20th centuries, scientists could only looking at animals' bodies, the way they acted, and fossils to figure out how they were related to each other. Then DNA technology became strong enough to help scientists look at the animals' genes. These frogs were very hard for scientists to put in groups before DNA technology became strong.

Over the years, scientists have said theys hould be in Ranidae, Leptodactylidae, Hylidae, and in their own family, Pseudidae, by themselves. It has been difficult for scientists to say where these frogs belong in taxonomy because their bodies are very different from those of other hylid frogs. The bodies of "Pseudis" frogs are different from other tree frogs' bodies because "Pseudis" frogs spend much more time living in water than most tree frogs do.

However, in the early 20th century, scientists did more studies. Both body-shape-based and molecular (DNA) scientific experiments showed that these frogs are more closely related to tree frogs than to other frogs. So scientists put them in the subfamily Hylinae with "Scarthyla" as a sister group.

Since then, two teams of scientists used molecular genetics (DNA) to find how this frog is related to other frogs. Both teams found the same thing, but they had different ideas about how the frogs should be put into groups: One team said scientists should start using the genus "Podonectes" again and the other team said they should use "Lysapsus" as a junior synonym of "Pseudis". Later, more teams of scientists said "Pseudis" was not paraphyletic to "Lysapsus", so making Lysapsus a junior synonym would not be good.

Forson Amankwah

Forson Amankwah (born 31 December 2002) is a Ghanaian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering. He is on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.

He made his professional debut in the Ghana Premier League for WAFA on 12 December 2019. In February 2021 he joined Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and went on loan to FC Liefering.

FC Liefering

Julian Halwachs

Julian Halwachs (born 25 January 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hartberg.

He started his career in the youth of SC Grafenschachen, SC Pinkafeld and TSV Hartberg. Until 2017 he played for SK Sturm Graz, then he went on to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In 2021 he became part of the FC Liefering squad in the Second league in Austria. He made his professional debut versus SV Kapfenberg in November 2021, when he came on for Benjamin Böckle.

In February 2023, Halwachs moved to TSV Hartberg.


Don Pepot

Ernesto Fajardo (6 November 1933 – 18 January 2022), better known by his stage name Don Pepot, or simply Pepot, was a Filipino comedian, actor, radio host and writer. He was born in Malabon, Rizal, Philippine Islands. His career began in 1964. He was known for his roles in "", "My Bugoy Goes to Congress" and "Enteng the Dragon".

Pepot died on 18 January 2022 in Valenzuela, Philippines from pneumonia caused by COVID-19, aged 88.

Shi Jiuyong

Shi Jiuyong (; 9 October 1926 – 18 January 2022) was a Chinese politician and lawyer. He was a Judge of the International Court of Justice (ICJ). Shi was elected to the ICJ on 6 February 1994, and became President nine years later on 6 February 2003. In 2010, he announced his resignation from the Court, which became official on 28 May 2010.

Shi died on 18 January 2022, at the age of 95.

Eloy Tato Losada

Eloy Tato Losada (6 September 1923 – 18 January 2022) was a Spanish-born Colombian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was born in Galicia, Spain. He became a priest in 1946. He became a bishop in 1960. Tato Losada was made bishop of Magangué on 25 April 1969 and resigned on 31 May 1994.

Tato Losada died on 18 January 2022 in Magangué, Colombia at the age of 98.

Magangué

Magangué is a city in Colombia in the Department of Bolivar. The town is near the Magdalena River.

Hans-Jürgen Dörner

Hans-Jürgen "Dixie" Dörner (25 January 1951 – 19 January 2022) was a German footballer and manager. He won a gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics while playing for East Germany. He played for that national team from 1969 until 1985.

Dörner died on 19 January 2022 from a long-illness at his apartment in Dresden, Germany, at the age of 70.

Nils Arne Eggen

Nils Arne Eggen (17 September 1941 – 19 January 2022) was a Norwegian footballer, manager and teacher. He was known for playing with Rosenborg BK between 1960 until 1963 and again from 1966 until 1969. He also managed Rosenborh six times, beginning in 1971 and stopping in 2010. He also played for the national team between 1974 until 1977.

Eggen died on 19 January 2022 at his home in Orkdal, Norway at the age of 80.

Orkdal

Orkdal is a former city in Trøndelag county, Norway. The city was founded in 1838. It was dissolved in 2020 when it joined Orkland Municipality. 

It had a population of 11,933 in 2020 and was the 188th largest city in Norway.

Gaspard Ulliel

Gaspard Ulliel (; 25 November 1984 – 19 January 2022) was a French actor. He played the young Hannibal Lecter in "Hannibal Rising" (2007). He also played Yves Saint Laurent in the biopic "Saint Laurent" (2014). He was a model for Chanel men's fragrance Bleu de Chanel. 

He was hired to play Anton Mogart / Midnight Man in the Disney+ series "Moon Knight" (2022).

Ulliel was nominated for a César Award in 2002 and 2003. In 2004, he won that award for his role in "A Very Long Engagement". In 2017, he won a César Award for his role in "It's Only the End of the World". 

On 18 January 2022, Ulliel was injured while skiing at a resort in Savoie, France. He crashed into another skier and had serious brain trauma because he was not wearing a helmet. He was taken by helicopter to a hospital near La Tronche, France. Ulliel died the next day from his injuries, at the age of 37.


Resort

A resort is a commercial place that tries to give a vacationer's wants, such as food, drink, a place to stay, sports, entertainment, and shopping, in its place. The word "resort" may be used for a hotel place. Some resorts are also condominium places. A resort is not always a commercial place owned by a single company, but in the late 20th century, that became more common.

In British English, "resort" means a town which people visit for holidays.

La Tronche

La Tronche () is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. It is near Grenoble.

2021–2022 Russo-Ukrainian crisis

The 2021–2022 Russo-Ukrainian crisis was a military buildup and international crisis between Russia and Ukraine. It started on March 3, 2021 and escalated in late 2021, when NATO told the Kremlin that they would support Ukraine. The crisis has caused international tension, also involving NATO, the European Union, the Lublin Triangle, the Union State, the Commonwealth of Independent States and the CSTO.

The crisis has been described as one of the most intense since the Cold War.

The crisis ended on 24 February 2022 when Russia invaded Ukraine.

Union State

The Union State, also known as the Union State of Russia and Belarus, is an organization made up of Russia and Belarus that was formed on 8 December 1999. The Union State was originally created to unite both countries. However, both countries still preserve their independence currently. 

The Union State is based on a international treaty between Russia and Belarus made on 2 April 1997. Although its only members are Russia and Belarus, other countries are allowed to join.

Collective Security Treaty Organization

The Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO; ; ) is a government military alliance in Eurasia. Its members of some post-Soviet states. The treaty was inspired by the Soviet Armed Forces.

On 15 May 1992, six post-Soviet states belonging to the Commonwealth of Independent States, Russia, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan, signed the Collective Security Treaty.

Lublin Triangle

The Lublin Triangle (; ; ) is an alliance of three European countriesLithuania, Poland, and Ukrainefor helping Ukraine become a member of the European Union and NATO.

The Lublin Triangle countries are supporting Ukraine in the Russian aggression against Ukraine. The Lublin Triangle supports giving Ukraine the status of NATO partner.

Aurora, Minnesota

Aurora is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Babbitt, Minnesota

Babbitt is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Biwabik, Minnesota

Biwabik is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Brookston, Minnesota

Brookston is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Buhl, Minnesota

Buhl is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Russo-Ukrainian War

The Russo–Ukrainian War is an ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine that began in February 2014. It started when Russia took over Crimea and funded anti-government rebels in the Donbas region. It escalated in February 2022 when Russia invaded the whole of Ukraine.

The number of soldiers that have been wounded or killed is a half million (as of 2023), according to U.S. authorities.

On 20 February 2014, Russian soldiers invaded and took control of Crimea. Russia also supported separatists in the Donbas region, who took control of the Donetsk Oblast and the Luhansk Oblast and declared them as independent countries.

In August 2014, Ukraine attacked the separatist oblasts. A ceasefire, the Minsk Protocol, was agreed on but both sides continued fighting, with 85% of the ceasfire violations being done by Russia. The fighting slowed down and became a frozen conflict.

In 2021, more and more Russian soldiers and weapons arrived near the border with Ukraine. There was fear of a possible invasion. 

On 17 January 2022, Russian troops and weapons began arriving in Belarus for a 'military exercise', that [started or] was going to start in February; Its name is "Allied Resolve". The following month, Russia officially recognised the separatist regions in Donetsk and Luhansk as independent countries (separate from Ukraine). Russian soldiers then began appearing in the regions.

On 24 February 2022, President Vladimir Putin announced the invasion of Ukraine. Most other countries declared their support for Ukraine, especially the countries of the NATO military alliance. Many other countries began sanctioning Russia (such as stopping trade, participation in events and the travel of Russian politicians) as a way to fight Russia without using soldiers.

Russia tried to take Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine, but failed and Ukraine began taking back land that Russia had taken over the course of 2022. In September 2022, four Russian-controlled separatist regions of Ukraine became member states of Russia. 

In 2023 the frontlines changed very little, with many calling the war a stalemate. However, the year saw many important events, such as when the Wagner Group, a Russian mercenary company, took over the Russian city of Rostov-On-Don and tried to reach Moscow (capital of Russia), after it's leader had complained about how the war was going. On the 6th of December, US senators blocked aid money to Ukraine.


Chisholm, Minnesota

Chisholm is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Cook, Minnesota

Cook is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Donbas

The Donbas or Donbass (, ; ; ) is a historical, cultural, and economic region between Russia and Ukraine, who are fighting each other over who owns the region in the Russo-Ukrainian War. It includes the Donetsk Oblast and Luhansk Oblast.

The word "Donbas" is a portmanteau word made from Donets Basin, an abbreviation of "Donets Coal Basin".


Eveleth, Minnesota

Eveleth is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Floodwood, Minnesota

Floodwood is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Paul Ray

Paul Ray (born October 25, 1966) is an American businessman, politician, and police officer. He is a member of the Utah House of Representatives since 2005. He was a member before from 2001 until 2002. Ray is a member of the Republican Party. He was born in Peru, Indiana.

In December 2021, Ray was hospitalized for a cerebral hemorrhage and had surgery to stop bleeding in the brain.

Gilbert, Minnesota

Gilbert is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Hermantown, Minnesota

Hermantown is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota

Hoyt Lakes is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Clinton, Utah

Clinton is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 23,386 at the 2020 census.

Iron Junction, Minnesota

Iron Junction is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Elmar Fischer

Elmar Fischer (6 October 1936 – 19 January 2022) was an Austrian Roman Catholic prelate. Fischer was born in Innsbruck, Austria. He became a priest in 1961. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Feldkirch from 2005 until his retirement in 2011. 

Fischer died from COVID-19 on 19 January 2022 in Innsbruck, at the age of 85.

Kinney, Minnesota

Kinney is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Leonidas, Minnesota

Leonidas is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

McKinley, St. Louis County, Minnesota

McKinley is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Meadowlands, Minnesota

Meadowlands is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Mountain Iron, Minnesota

Mountain Iron is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Orr, Minnesota

Orr is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Proctor, Minnesota

Proctor is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Rice Lake, Minnesota

Rice Lake is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Tower, Minnesota

Tower is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Winton, Minnesota

Winton is a city in St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Doomsday Clock

The Doomsday Clock is a symbol that represents the likely possibility of human-caused threat to humanity and possible extinction or non-reversable damage. Kept going since 1947 by the members of the "Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists" at the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The clock is a metaphor for threats to humanity.

The clock shows how close the world is to a global catastrophe as a number of minutes or seconds to midnight, changed in January of each year. When the clock hits midnight, it means that a global event that would harm humanity is near.

The main reasons why the clock would change its times are nuclear risk and climate change.

On January 23, 2020, the Clock was moved further, to 100 seconds (1 minute 40 seconds) before midnight, meaning that the Clock's status today is the closest to midnight since the Clock's start in 1947. In 2021 and 2022, the clock's time was unchanged, staying at 100 seconds before midnight.


Democrat In Name Only

Democrat In Name Only or DINO is a word for people who are in the Democratic Party of the United States but believe things and want to pass laws that are different from most Democrats. DINO is a pejorative term, meaning it is an insult that other Democrats or liberals use for people whom they think should not count as Democrat.

Yamada (name)

Yamada (Japanese: 山田) is a common Japanese surname. The word means "mountain rice field". 


Satō

Sato (Japanese: 佐藤, sometimes 左藤) is a common Japanese surname. Famous people with this name are listed.

Suzuki (name)

Suzuki (Japanese: 鈴木) is a common Japanese surname. The word means "bell tree". Famous people with this name are listed.

Magical girl

Magical girl (in Japanese: 魔法少女, Hepburn:"mahō shōjo") is a subgenre of Japanese fantasy media (including anime, manga, light novels, and live action). It focuses on young girls who have magical powers, which they typically use after they transform into a ideal alter ego.

Abe (surname)

Abe is a common Japanese surname. It can be written as 阿部, 安倍, or 安部 etc. Notable people with this name are listed below.

Andō

Ando (Japanese: 安藤) is a common Japanese surname. Notable people with this name are listed below.

Masaki Suda

Masaki Suda( February 21, 1993) is a famous Japanese actor and singer. His real name is Taisho Sugo. His debut song is "Mita Koto mo Nai Keshiki."

He won numerous awards for film and TV drama.

In 2008, Suda was elected as one of the finalists of "Junon Super Boy Contest", and he started to belong to "Top Coat".His first  debut and the lead role was  Kamen Rider  W in 2009.

In 2013, he won the 37th  "Japan Academy Film Prize" for Newcomer Actor with the movie Tomogui that he played the lead. In 2014, he won the Best Supporting Actor Award of "Takasaki Film Festival w"ith "Soko nomi nite kagayaku". Also, he won Best Emerging Actor Award at TAMA Film Festival and Best Actor Award at "Osaka Cinema Festivaland" so on. He appeared on NHK TVseries "Gochiso-san," which was his first appearance of that series.

In 2017, his music career started with "Mita koto mo Nai Keshiki a"nd he also started radio as a regular personality of  "All Night Nippon" in the Spring, the same year.

He won the 41th "Japan Academy Film Prize" for Best Actor with "Aa Koya."

In 2019, it’s been 10 years since he made his debut as an actor, and he was cast as the lead of a serial TV drama.  In addition, he received many Best Actor Awards such as the Best Actor Award of "Tokyo Drama Award". 

In 2020, Ito, a movie starring Suda and "Nana Komatsu" was released.

In 2017, it was announced that  Suda would  debut with "Mita Koto mo Nai Keshiki". In the same year, his second single, "Kokyu" was released.

In 2018, he released his third single "Sayonara Elegy", and the fourth single "Long Hope Philia". 

In 2019, he appeared at the "Red and White singing Festival" of NHK, and he sang "Machigai sagash"i.

Suda’s grandfather was a dressmaker. Therefore, Suda was influenced by his `grandfather, started to be interested in clothes, and  usually makes clothing.    

He respects Comedians ,and his best Comedians are Downtown, who are famous Japanese Comedians.

He used to belong to a soccer team in Minowa, Osaka in his childhood.

Also, he used to take piano and swimming lessons when he was a junior high school student, and belonged to an  American football club in high school.

On November 15, 2021, he announced that he married Nana Komatsu, a famous Japanese actress. 



"Green Boys"- January 24, 2017


Labour Court (France)

in France the Labour Courts or employment tribunals is to Resolve disputes that is arising out of an employment contract. the dispute is to be resolved by a judgment only if conciliation cannot by the court. Labour Courts were created at the beginning of the 19th century.

Nahoko Uehashi

Nahoko Uehashi is a Japanese writer of children’s literature and a cultural anthropologist about the Australian native people, Aborigines. Now she teaches cultural anthropology in Kawamura Gakuen Woman’s University.

In 1962 she was born in Tokyo. She loved reading books and manga. When she was a high school student she wanted to be a cartooner. However she thought that she was not good at drawing and gave up being it. 

After graduating from her high school, she enrolled at Rikkyo University and studied cultural anthropology.  She majored in it and studied female repellent. She went to Okinawa for field work and was advised to try to do it in a place where the spoken language is different. She chose Australia as the place and researched about Yamatji which is one of the tribes of Aborigines. She has studied about them until now and taught about cultural anthropology in Kawamura Gakuen Woman’s University

Her career as a writer started in 1989. She published her first work “Seirei-no-Ki (Spirit Tree)”. From that year she has written many stories until today.

Van, a man who was the top of the “Dokkaku (a kind of army)” , Yuna, a young girl who was saved by Van and Hossal, a doctor, had fought with the mysterious sickness named “Mizzal (black-wolf fever)”.

Erin, an orphan girl met with a sacred young animal and grew with it experiencing various things, meeting with a lot of people and learning about what the creatures are.

A twelve-year-old girl, Sayo, saved a young fox. He was actually a fox spirit living in the gap which is between the real and gods’ world. The two got involved in the fight for territory but they grew their love by trying to solve the problems.

A woman bodyguard, Balsa, was asked by a second queen to save the second prince from assassins. From the journey to escape from the assassins, they visited various places and learned lots of things about spirits and the world which they live in.

Tayata was a god of snakes living in the Moon Forest. However his fiance allowed villagers to seal gods in the forest. This is the story of the balance of the relationship between gods, humans and nature. 

The earth had gone under because of the environmental destruction and the human beings had lived on other planets. A boy and his cousin knew that one tribe was coming to their planet, but they were embroiled in the troubles.

When she enrolled at the university, she wanted to learn about western history. However she gave up learning it because the ancient language was too difficult for her. Then at that time she found a seminar of the African spiritual world. African spiritual things were completely new for her and she got interested in them.

In graduate school she learned about Menstrual Pollution and Avoidance of Women. She went to Okinawa to collect detailed datas and compare them. She thought that it was a really nice time for her and decided to do field work in a completely different and remote place.

She found an internship in Australia as an elementary school teacher. She went there in 1990 and studied about Yamatji. She constantly went there after that year and wrote a book,” Tonari-no-Aborijini (The next aborigine)” in 2010.

Also she got 15th Japanese Cultural Anthropology Association Award in 2020 with her studies.

She has gotten 18 awards in total until 2020. Since her second fictional book she got awards for each work. Also her books were translated into some languages and some of her books in English got 4 awards from the American Library Association.

The biggest award she has got was the Hans Christian Andersen Award as an author in 2014. The award was an international publication award of children’s literature and it is called “small Nobel prize”.


Saito

Saito (Japanese: 斎藤, 齋藤, 斉藤, or 齊藤) is a common Japanese surname. Notable people with this name are listed below.

Shoma Uno

Shoma Uno (born 17 December 1997) is a Japanese figure skater. He is a silver medalist of the 2018 Winter Olympic in Pyongyang. He is the first skater to land a quadruple flip. Shoma Uno was born in Nagoya, Japan.

Uno started skating because he was suggested to skate by Mao Asada when he was 5 years old.

Uno made his Junior International debut. He placed third at the Junior Grand Prix (JGP) Tallinn Cup in Estonia. At the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics, he placed second in the single and first in the team. He was 10th at the 2012 World Junior Championships in Minsk.

Uno placed 6th at the JGP Skate Bled in Slovenia. He came second at the Schwerter Cup. He placed second at the All Japan Junior Championships held at Dydo Drinco Ice Arena. He was 11th at the All Japan Championship recommended by All Japan Junior. Keiji Tanaka abstained from the World Junior Championships, so he took the place and finished 7th.

Uno placed third at the JGP in Riga, and placed 4th in Tallinn. He came 5th at the 2014 World Junior Championship. He placed first in his first international senior class at the Gardena Spring Cup. 

He won the Asian Figure Skating Trophy by landing his first quadruple toe loop. He won a silver medal at the JGP in Japan and won a gold medal in Croatia. He made his first participation in the JGP Final. Overall, he renewed the highest score in the world for junior class and became the third Japanese winner to follow Takahiko Kozuka and Yuzuru Hanyu. He placed 1st at the All Japan Junior Championship and placed 2nd at the All Japan Championship. Based on this result, he was represented in the Four Continents Championships and finished 5th. He became the fifth Japanese winner of the World Junior Championships.

He switched to senior class. At the Japan Open, he scored a high score of 185.48, although it was not officially recognized, and became the first place for individual men. He finished second in Skate America for the first Grand Prix series. He took first place in the short program at the Eric Bompard Cup, but the free program was canceled due to a series of attacks in Paris. So the short program ranking was the final ranking and he won a gold medal. He made his first participation in the Grand Prix Final and finished in third. He finished second in the All Japan Championships and represented for the Four Continents Championships and the World Championships. He finished 4th in the Four Continents Championships and 7th in the World Championships. At the Team Challenge Cup, he became the first person to succeed in a quad flip at an international competition.

He finished first in Skate America, second in the Rostelecom Cup, and participated in the Grand Prix Final for the second time in a row. He finished in third. He won the All Japan Championship for the first time. At the Four Continents Championships, he set a new personal best overall and finished 3rd. At the World Championship, he updated his personal best by 4.58 points in a short program and placed second. He finished without major mistakes in the free program, and won a silver medal. Following the results of this competition, He contributed to get three representative men's slots at the Pyeongchang Olympics the following year.

Uno won a gold medal at Skate Canada. At Internationaux de France, he wasn't feeling well because of the flu, but he came in second and was able to participate in the Grand Prix Final which was held in his hometown of Nagoya. At the Grand Prix Final, he did not reach Nathan Chen by a small margin and finished second. He won the All Japan Championship for the second time in a row and was selected as the Olympic representative. At the Pyeongchang Olympics, he performed a short program as a member of a team competition. He came 1st and contributed to the free program participation and 5th place prize. In the individual competition, he won a silver medal and finished one-two with Yuzuru Hanyu. After the Olympics, he changed his skates to a new one and it didn't fit his feet well, and he injured his right instep while practicing. He was in second place even though he faced the competition without being in perfect condition.

Uno became a two-time winner of Skate Canada. He also won a gold medal at the NHK Trophy. He finished second at the Grand Prix Final. At the All Japan Championship, he sprained his right ankle during the warm-up before the official practice on the morning of the short program. In the actual performance, he succeeded in all the jumps and took the lead. He also participated in a free program and achieved the third straight victory as a result. After the tournament, he devoted himself to treatment, but when he started practice, he sprained the same spot. In the Four Continents Championships, due to the influence of injury, he was late in the short program 4th place, but he won the world's highest score after the rule revision in the free program. At the World Championship, he missed the podium in 4th place. He left the coaches Machiko Yamada and Mihoko Higuchi, who he had studied with for over 15 years, and showed his intention to change coaches.

He announced that he would face the season without a main coach. At the 2019 Internationaux de France, in the short program, jumps fell one after another, and he was delayed to 4th place. Even in the free program, he made a mistake in jumping and got 9th place, and he was desperate to participate in the Grand Prix Final. At the Rostelecom Cup, Stephane Lambiel accompanied him, though not his official coach, to give technical advice and sit in a kiss and cry. The result was 4th, but showed signs of recovery. He announced that he would study under Stephane Lambiel. At the All Japan Championship, he finished second in the short program, but Yuzuru Hanyu, who was in first place, made a mistake in the free program and he won a come-from-behind victory to achieve his fourth straight victory. The Four Continents Championships, in which he was represented, declined to improve the accuracy of jumps and programs for the World Championships. However, the world championship was canceled due to the influence of Covid-19.

He was scheduled to participate in the Grand Prix series of Internationaux de France, but was canceled due to the pandemic. At the All Japan Championship, there was a mistake in the jump in the short program and he placed in 3rd, but in the free program he regained 2nd place. At the world championships, he came 6th in the short program, but 3rd in the free program and finished 4th overall. At the World Team Trophy, he finished 9th in the short program and 6th in the free program. It was third place as a team.

Uno was placed 2nd at the GP Skate America and placed 1st at NHK Trophy. He was scheduled to participate in the Grand Prix Final in Osaka, but it was canceled due to the effects of Covid-19. He won a silver medal at the All Japan Championship and was chosen for the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing.


INI

INI is a Japanese boy band. There are eleven members who are from Japan and China. It was formed from the survival  audition program called “"Produce 101 Japan Season2"". This is the Japanese version of a popular audition program from South Korea. 6,000 people auditioned for the show. The show started with 101 trainees passing the audition, and 11 members were chosen through this program. After the end of Produce 101 Japan Season2, INI flew to South Korea to prepare and produce their debut single. They released their first single called “A” on November 3,  2021. It sold over 500,000 copies in its first week and reached the top in the “Oricon Weekly Single Ranking”. INI won the “Favorite Asian Artist Award” at “2021 MAMA (Mnet ASIAN MUSIC AWARDS)”, one of the largest music award ceremonies in Asia, held on Saturday, December 11. Their debut single “Rocketeer” was nominated for “The Rookie of the Year Award” of “The Japan Record Award” (affiliated with TBS Television).

It is managed by Lapone Entertainment, a joint company between Yoshimoto Kogyo and CJ ENM.

“INI” means connecting members (I) and you (I) with network (N). This name was chosen from the votes by fans and announced in the last episode of the audition program. The official fan name is “MINI : Me + INI”. In addition, there are some meanings in this name, for example, “We want to “see”(in Japanese, see is mini) INI”, “M (memory), I (me), N (network), I (you)” and “We will make memories together.”

Name / Birthday / Nation














1. "「PRODUCE 101 JAPAN SEASON2」デビューグループ名は「INI（アイエヌアイ）」". "modelpress"(in Japanese). June 13, 2021. Retrieved January 20, 2022.

2. "LAPONE entertainment official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

3. "INIのファンネームが決定". "Natalie Music"(in Japanese). September 8, 2021. Retrieved January 20, 2022.

4. "11/15付週間シングルランキング1位はINIの「A（Rocketeer/Brighter）」". "ORICON MUSIC"(in Japanese). November 12, 2021. Retrieved January 20, 2022.

5. "2021 Mnet Asian Music Award official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

6. "Japan Record Award official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

7. "Profile". "INI official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

8. "Discography". "INI official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

9. "INI FIRST FAN MEETING official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

10. "KCON official site"(in Japanese). Retrieved January 20, 2022.

CELSA Paris

École des hautes études en sciences de l'information et de la communication (CELSA) is a French Grande école specialized in information and communication sciences. Administratively, it is a department of the Faculty of Humanities at Sorbonne Université, and it is located in Neuilly-sur-Seine.

Founded in 1957, the school prepares students for careers in communications, marketing, human resources and media. It is also one of the fourteen French journalism schools recognised by the sector.



Osmanthus

Osmanthus is a plant that represents autumn in Asia. And it has such a delicate fragrance that people are attracted. Nowadays, it is well known all over the world starting from China. The species of osmanthus is the Oleaceae family and is an evergreen small tree. It is also being classified as a variant of silver osmanthus. The universal name osmanthus comes from the Greek language.

The place of origin is Asia. Osmanthus range spreads from Assam, Cambodia, China North-Central, China South-Central, China Southeast, East Himalaya, Hainan, Japan, Myanmar, Nepal, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, West Himalaya, Korea, and Mariana Islands.

Osmanthus breed as an evergreen tree or shrub with no turn red. Tree height is about 10 to 20 feet (from 3 to 6 meters) in general. The leaf is evergreen, a plant that leaves green through the years, glossy and dark green. From summer to fall, osmanthus blooms with the flower. The petals are four-petalled and the flowers are small and about 5mm. The flower colours are creamy-white or orange and strongly smells sweet.

Commonly, osmanthus are prefered as garden tree and street tree and it is popular as an ornamental plant because osmanthus is a plant that admires flowers, not fruits. However, osmanthus flowers also have the effect of medicine. Furthermore, they are used in perfumery and cooking. Moreover, the flowers have various uses such as hair care, skin care, cosmetics, fragrance and so on. Bark from the stems has components that tones the skin problem and essential oils from the plant are effective as a medicine that repels insects. Osmanthus roots also are effective for treatment of rheumatism, bruising and dysmenorrhea. In east China, osmanthus is used to make honey, tea, jam, liquor and desserts, and is also used as a spice to add a bit of fragrance and color to cuisine. By drinking and eating osmanthus, you can help in losing weight.

Osmanthus has long been planted in Asian countries other than China because it has variable uses and benefits as worthy flowers. The history of osmanthus goes back to in 1789, an osmanthus specimen was launched to the Kew Gardens, which is located in England as a botanical garden. However, the specimen is from Southern China, so it was unable to survive the cool English climate. In the 18th century, Jean Marie Delavay, who was a French botanist, traveled China. And he explained some kinds of specimens after he brought them back to his country. Among them, there were specimens including osmanthus. In the mid-19th century, Delavay re-introduced osmanthus to European gardeners.

Osmanthus have multiple flower languages such as humility, noble people, truth, and  temptation. Osmanthus give off a strong fragrance but the flowers are small and discreet. From this aspect, osmanthus was connected with the flower language that is “humility”. Also, “noble” meaning is originally having or indicating high personal qualities. So, osmanthus fragrance was considered as elegant and noble from long ago. Moreover, the unique sweet fragrance emitted by osmanthus gives the impression of tempting someone as is the case many people like the fragrance. As a consequence, it is said that this flower language came from the image of attracting people.

Osmanthus are easy to treat and care for because it has winter hardiness, drought resistance, and insect resistance. Osmanthus can grow up in any good garden soil. However, watery and well-drained soil is the best. It needs sunlight as much as possible but the necessity of watering is not many. Like this, osmanthus is a plant that anyone can easily grow.

1.Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. (n.d.). Osmanthus fragrans Lour. |. Plants of the World Online. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:610878-1 

2.Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. (n.d.). Osmanthus fragrans Lour. |. Plants of the World Online. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:610878-1

3.ウェザーニュース. (2020、 November 4). ギンモクセイを知っていますか？キンモクセイとの違いは？. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://weathernews.jp/s/topics/202010/120055/

4.Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. (n.d.). Osmanthus fragrans Lour. |. Plants of the World Online. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:610878-1

5.Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. (n.d.). Osmanthus fragrans Lour. |. Plants of the World Online. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:610878-1

6.Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. (n.d.). Osmanthus fragrans Lour. |. Plants of the World Online. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:610878-1

7.Evans, L. (2021, December 21). Osmanthus Flower Meaning and Symbolism. Petal Republic. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.petalrepublic.com/osmanthus-flower/

8.Board of Trustees of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. (n.d.). Osmanthus fragrans Lour. |. Plants of the World Online. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://powo.science.kew.org/taxon/urn:lsid:ipni.org:names:610878-1

9.Evans, L. (2021, December 21). Osmanthus Flower Meaning and Symbolism. Petal Republic. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.petalrepublic.com/osmanthus-flower/

10.CGTN. (2019, August 20). China’s Flora Tour: The Sweet city with sweet osmanthus. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://news.cgtn.com/news/2019-08-20/China-s-Flora-Tour-The-Sweet-city-with-sweet-osmanthus-Jjg7DMTLXi/index.html

11.Zesta Ceylon Tea. (2020, December 17). Benefits of Drinking Osmanthus Tea. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.zestaceylontea.com/blog/tea-benefits/benefits-of-drinking-osmanthus-tea/

12.Evans, L. (2021, December 21). Osmanthus Flower Meaning and Symbolism. Petal Republic. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.petalrepublic.com/osmanthus-flower/

13.ハナイロ. (n.d). キンモクセイ（金木犀）の花言葉. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from  https://www.flower-color.com/keywords/kinmokusei.html

14.Heath, S. (2021, June 10). How to Grow Tea Olive. The Spruce. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.thespruce.com/growing-osmanthus-5094815

15.Shweta. (2023, March 7). Osmanthus: The Fragrant and Versatile Plant. Retrieved March 07, 2023, from https://dgmnews.com/osmanthus-plant/ 

The Drifters

The Drifters are a Japanese musical and comedy group. They were active as a music band until 1969. Afterward, they were mainly active as a comedy group. Their television program called "Hachijidayo, Zen'inshugo" was very popular and was watched by many people from a large demographic.



The Drifters are primarily known as a comedy group. Currently, the members of the group are Cha Kato, Koji Nakamoto, and Boo Takagi. However, it was originally a music band and far from owarai. It was formed as a band in 1956. The first leader was Kiyoshi Kishibe and the second leader was Teruo Sakurai. Teruo was active as a leader, but he wanted to change the band to a comic band that entertains the audience with funny lyrics and gestures rather than playing music, therefore he recommended Ikariya who was active in the other band at that time and was also focusing on owarai as the third leader. The early band members had a lot of rapid changes because there was a band transfer culture at that time. Even Ikariya didn’t understand who the early members were. Since he became the third leader, the group changed into a comic band. Additionally, he was a perfectionist, and too strict, so four members withdrew from The Drifters because they detested his teaching and comic band. After that, only Ikariya and Kato remained, and he gathered Arai, Takagi, and Nakamoto from the other band hurriedly. A new version of The Drifters was formed with them in 1964. Subsequently, the activities of the group centered on owarai. However, Arai left the group, and Shimura joined in 1974 instead of him. After becoming new members of The Drifters, there were now five total members of the group. They gained popularity on a TV program called Hachiji dayo, Zen'in shugo.

The Drifters were a comic band, and they sang mainly cover versions and parodies of songs that had been sung in Japan. They played a forty-second-long opening act for the concert of The Beatles, which was popular with people all over the world. They got people’s attention because they performed not on stage for the opening act, but on the main stage. After their rise to fame, The Drifters mainly acted as comedians, but the music activities continued.

The Drifters created many patterns and made use of the group. There were many vulgar skits such as script-wasting food such as watermelon and milk. There were also many musical scripts. Takagi was the center of laughter in the group, but Kato became the center of comedy skits after a few months. Although the others improvised on TV, The Drifters created a completely calculated story without improvising. After Shimura joined, it changed into a comic style in which Ikaria was swayed by members of indecent roles. Shimura sometimes improvised on the stage, ignoring Ikariya’s teaching.

Hachijidayo, Zen'inshugo was broadcasted on TBS from 1969 to 1985 with a total of 803 episodes. The Drifters did comedy skits and sang songs including cover versions and parodies in front of audiences. It became a hit and recorded an average audience rating of over 40% and the highest audience rating of 50.5%.

They won the 12th Japan Record Awards Mass Award in 1970, Japan Music Awards, Comedy Honor Award in 2012, and the top 10 in the record chart, and sold 1.15 million albums.

Narai-juku

There is a long road called Nakasendo in Japan. Nakasendo is a road that is one of the five major highways in the Edo period, and is a highway that connects Nihonbashi in Edo and Sanjo Ohashi in Kyoto via inland. Narai-juku is a post-town located right in the middle of the Nakasendo.

Narai-juku is the place that is the longest historic post-town in Japan, forming a townscape for about 1 km while gently descending along the Narai river. Also, Narai-juku was bustling with many people as a post-town in the middle of the 16 century. It was rebuilt as a modern Narai-juku in 1601 with the establishment of a post-town by Edo Shogunate. In this way, Narai-juku was very prosperous during the Edo period. In particular, the procession of the prestigious "Ochatsubo Dochu", which carried tea for the Tokugawa Shogunate from Uji in Kyoto to Edo Castle, has become a very famous event in this place.

Narai-juku is in Shiojiri city in Nagano prefecture. It is located in the west of Nagano prefecture. The cityscape is formed on a road of about 1km. This place is a village that is created under a marine terrace (a terrace formed along a seashore by the merging of wave-cut and wave-built terraces) at an altitude of 900 meters.

Narai-juku is located under a marine terrace so the temperature difference between summer and winter is large. According to the data from Google, the highest temperature is 28 degrees in August and the lowest temperature is -8 degrees in January. 
There is a lot of nature around Narai-juku, so the visitors can enjoy the colors of nature that change with each season. In spring, there are many cherry blossoms. In summer there are many green trees. In autumn, there are autumn leaves. In winter, there is a lot of snow.

The population of Narai-juku in 1843 was 2,155, with 409 houses, one Honjin and one Wakihonjin, and five inns.

It is currently merged with Shiojiri City, Nagano Prefecture. However, the population of Narai-juku is declining and aging.

The Narai Shukuba Festival is a festival that recreates the teapots that were held during the Edo period. At that time, the Ochabo Dochu had a great deal of authority and scale. Since it faithfully reproduces it, visitors can enjoy the atmosphere of that time along with the old townscape of Narai-juku.
In 1618, a plague called "Sukumi" became prevalent in Narai-juku. To quell this plague, the people of Narai-juku invited Futsunushi (It is a god of martial arts that appears in the Nihon Shoki, and brings you good luck such as victory luck, traffic and avoiding misfortune.) from Katori Shrine in Shimousa (now Chiba Prefecture) to start a ritual. This is said to be the origin of this festival. Every year after noon on August 12, Wakashu (young man) dedicates a musical accompaniment at Shizu Shrine and walks north through the post town while playing a musical accompaniment (Music that is added to enhance the atmosphere (in Nogaku, Kabuki, etc). The houses along the road entertain the Wakashu with alcohol and food after the music is dedicated.

It is a festival where you can see a fantastic view of about 2,000 handmade ice candles lit in the old townscape, which was selected as an important traditional buildings preservation district of the country. It is held once a year on the day of Setsubun on February 3rd.

Oyaki is a local dish of Shinshu. Wheat flour is kneaded with water, and various delicacies such as Nozawana are wrapped and steamed. Oyaki goes well with any ingredients, so you can add sweets to make it a snack, or add side dishes to eat as a staple food.

Nagano Prefecture has become famous as "Shinshu soba" because the temperature difference between day and night is large, the well-drained mountain fields are suitable for soba cultivation, and good quality soba can be obtained. In addition, wild vegetables are also famous in Narai-juku, so you can eat them with wild vegetable tempura.

Gohei mochi is made by pounding half of brown rice on a skewer and adding miso or soy sauce-based sauce to it. The origin is not clear, but it is said that Gohei mochi came to be called Gohei mochi because a person named Gobei crushed rice and ate it with miso. Gohei mochi in Narai-juku is characterized by its round shape.

Kiso Shikki is lacquerware. The unique climate of Narai-juku, where summers are cool and winters are harsh and cold, is good for the lacquer work environment. In addition, large forests rich in nature nurture good wood and are blessed with two favorable environments, one is the climate and another is that there are the main roads which can carry trees to this place in terms of transportation. Against this background, Kiso lacquerware continues to be made and has become a traditional item.

Divide the grain of Kiso cypress into an appropriate thickness, boil it in boiling water to soften the wood, bend it into a circle or oval, and sew it with the bark of mountain cherry blossoms. Bent products are finished by fitting the bottom plate and then applying lacquer. These are Mage Mono. Typical examples are tubs, barrels, and lunch boxes.

[1]奈良井宿観光協会. (2018、October 3). 歴史・宿場町の歩み. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.naraijuku.com/narai/history/

[2]奈良井宿. (n.d.-b). www.kisoji.com. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from http://www.kisoji.com/kisoji/feature/narai.html 

[3]Token World. (n.d.). 江戸時代の町並みが残る奈良井宿. 刀剣ワールド. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.touken-world.jp/tips/44034/

[5]徒然なるブロブログ. (2019, December 2). 奈良井宿の四季の写真と季節ごとの名物をご紹介！東京との気温差もご説明します. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://riba-kurata.com/season 

[7]木曽地域.(n.d.).長野県.Retrieved January 8, 2022, from  https://www.pref.nagano.lg.jp/kikaku/kensei/soshiki/shingikai/ichiran/sogokeikaku/documents/chap5-6.pdf

[8]漆器祭・宿場祭とは. (n.d.). Shikki-Shukuba, Shiojiri. Retrieved January 8, 2022, from http://shikki-shukuba.shiojiri.com/about/

[9]奈良井宿観光協会. (2022, January 10). イベント. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.naraijuku.com/event/

[10]奈良井宿観光協会. (2022a, January 10). アイスキャンドルまつり. https://www.naraijuku.com/shop/post-59/

[11]奈良井宿観光協会. (2018b, October 24). てずから. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.naraijuku.com/shop/post-19/

[12]信州そばとは?. (n.d.). Shinsu. Retrieved January 8, 2022, from http://shinshu.jp.net/wild/food/soba_variety.html

[13]五平餅. (n.d.). 農林水産省. Retrieved January 8, 2022, from https://www.maff.go.jp/j/keikaku/syokubunka/k_ryouri/search_menu/menu/gohei_mochi_nagano.html

[14][15]奈良井宿観光協会. (2018b, October 10). 魅力「味・創・旅」. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.naraijuku.com/narai/charm/

ID

ID or its variants may refer to:




Rigid bus

A rigid bus is a ( either a motor bus or Trolleybus) is a vehicle that is used in public transportation rigid chassis, a bus of this type is to be contrasted with an articulated or bi-articulated bus.

Learned society

A learned society also known as Learned Academy, Scholarly society, or academic association) is an organization that exists to promote an academic discipline , profession , or a group of related disciplines such as the arts and science Membership to the society mae be open to all, also may require possession of some qualifications, or maybe an honor conferred by election.

Thomas Burgess (bishop, born 1756)

Thomas Burgess (18 November 1756 - 19 February 1837) was an English author, philosopher, Bishop of st Davids and Bishop of Salisbury, he founded st David's college, Lampeter was a founding member of Odiham agricultural society, and helped to establish the royal veterinary college in London, and was the first president of the Royal society of literature


Sasaki

Sasaki (Japanese: 佐々木) is a common Japanese surname. Notable people with this name are listed.

Odiham agricultural society

The Odiham Agricultural Society was formed in 1783 by a collection of prominent citizens in Odiham, Hampshire, Uk, for the purpose of encouraging local industrial and agricultural development. its aim to expand and advance knowledge about animals on breeding and management led to the establishment in 1791 of Britain's first veterinary college, in London.


Royal Veterinary College

The Royal Veterinary College (informally the RVC) is a veterinary school in London. It is a constituent college of the university of London. The RVC was founded in 1791. It becme a part of the university of London in 1949. it is the oldest and the largest veterinary school in the United Kingdom and one of only nine schools in the country where students can study to become a Veterinarian.


Tamura (surname)

Tamura (Japanese: 田村) is a common Japanese surname. It means "rice field village". Notable people with this name are listed.

United States federal judge

in the United States the title of federal judge means a judge (according to Article Three of the United States Constitution) it is nominated by the President of the United States and confirmed by United States Senate) in accordance with Article Two of the United States Constitution of the Constitution of the United States)

National Liberation Front of Angola

The National Front for the Liberation of Angola , also known as National Liberation Front of Angola is a political party and former guerrilla organisation founded by Holden Roberto. FNLA fought in the Angolan War of Independence from Estado Novo and also fought alongside UNITA in the Angolan Civil War.

FNLA was founded in 1954 as the União dos Povos do Norte de Angola guerrilla movement, it was known after 1959 as the União dos Povos de Angola guerrilla movement, and from 1961 as the FNLA guerilla movement.

In 1992, the FNLA was reorganized as a political party. The FNLA received 2.4% of the votes and had five Members of Parliament elected. In the 2008 parliamentary election, the FNLA received 1.11% of the vote and won three out of 220 seats.

Ecnomiohyla sukia

The Shaman fringe-limbed tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla sukia") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it in two places, between 400 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog has more webbing on its feet than other frogs in "Ecnomiohyla".

Federico Crescenti

Federico Leandro Crescenti (born 13 July 2004) is a Swiss professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Second League club Liefering. He also plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.
He started with FC Rheineck, then he played for FC St. Gallen. In the 2020-21 season he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18. 2021 he became part of the FC Liefering squad in the Austrian 2nd League. He debuted for them in July 2021 when he came in for Elias Havel in a league match versus SV Kapfenberg


Sinzing

Sinzing is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Sinzing is on the Schwarzen Laber and the Danube, about eight kilometers west of Regensburg.

There are 17 districts

Adlstein
Alling
Bergmatting
Bruckdorf
Dürnstetten
Eilsbrunn
Grafenried
Hart (PLZ 93152)
Kleinprüfening
Kohlstadt
Kühblöß
Mariaort
Minoritenhof
Niederviehhausen
Oberalling
Reichenstetten
Riegling
Saxberg
Schneckenbach
Sinzing
Steg
Thalhof
Unteralling
Viehhausen
Vogelsang
Waltenhofen
Zeiler (PLZ 93152)

Sünching

Sünching is a municipality in Germany. It is in Bavaria, in the Upper Palatinate. It borders in the south to Lower Bavaria.

Sünching has two rivers called Laber: the Große Laber (Big Laber) and the Kleine Laber (Little Laber); both flow to the Danube.

Ziegelstadel is official a part of Sünching.

Tegernheim

Tegernheim is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Thalmassing

Thalmassing is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wenzenbach

Wenzenbach is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesent, Bavaria

Wiesent is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wolfsegg, Bavaria

Wolfsegg () is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wörth an der Donau

Wörth an der Donau () is a town in Regensburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left edge of the Danube, 22 km east of Regensburg.

Zeitlarn

Zeitlarn is a municipality in Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Eckmühl

Eckmühl (earlier known in English as "Eggmuhl", in Bavaria officially as Eggmühl) is a village of Germany, in Bavaria, on the Große Laaber, 20 km S.E. of Regensburg.



Aubstadt

Aubstadt is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

The town's association football club TSV Aubstadt, formed in 1921, experienced its greatest success in 2019 when it won promotion to Regionalliga Bayern for the first time.

Bad Königshofen

Bad Königshofen im Grabfeld is a small spa town in Bavaria, in Rhön-Grabfeld in northeast Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. According to the Bavarian State Office for Statistics and Data, Bad Königshofen had a population of 5,995 in 2017. The Franconian Saale flows through the town.
There are 17 town districts:

It is only from Thuringia. 

The city is twinned with Arlington, Texas, USA. Bad Königshofen has a downtown recreational park named "Arlington" in honor of the city of Arlington. In 2006, the City of Arlington opened a water park named "Bad Königshofen Family Aquatic Center" in honor of the city of Bad Königshofen.



Bad Neustadt an der Saale

Bad Neustadt an der Saale, officially Bad Neustadt a. d. Saale and frequently simply called Bad Neustadt, is a town in northern Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of Rhön-Grabfeld in Lower Franconia. It is on the rivers Fränkische Saale and Brend, near the Rhön Mountains, 30 km north of Schweinfurt, and 47 km southeast of Fulda.

Between 1972 and 1978 some originally separate villages were combined together administratively and became part of Bad Neustadt. So today Bad Neustadt has the following "Stadtteile" (parts of the town):


"(Number of residents in brackets)"

In 1979 Bad Neustadt founded a community of all towns called "Neustadt" (new town). Today 34 towns of 5 different countries are members of this project "Neustadt in Europe". Bad Neustadt is the only Neustadt with the prefix "Bad" (spa town).

Bad Neustadt has the following twin towns:


Barbados Labour Party

The Barbados Labour Party (BLP), also known as the "Bees", is a social democratic political party in Barbados. It was created in 1938. It is led by Prime Minister Mia Mottley. It is the current majority party in the country and the only party ruiling the House of Assembly of Barbados, holding 30 out of 30 seats. 

The BLP was elected to led government on 25 May 2018 after being the opposition party for ten years, with Mottley becoming the country's first female Prime Minister. The party originally won all of the seats in the House of Assembly, but a member switched to become an Independent.

Brendlorenzen

Brendlorenzen is a suburb of the town of Bad Neustadt an der Saale in Lower Franconia in Bavaria, Germany. The village is extending along a single main street for more than two kilometers. Its length is due to the growing together of originally two separate villages called Brend and Lorenzen.

"This Simple English article is a translation of the unsourced German article."

Othmar Karas

Othmar Karas (born 24 December 1957) is an Austrian politician. He is the First Vice-President of the European Parliament since January 2022. He has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since 1999. He is a member of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) and the European People's Party.

Valérie Pécresse

Valérie Pécresse (; born Roux, 14 July 1967) is a French politician. She is the President of the Regional Council of Île-de-France since 2015. She is a member of The Republicans (LR). She was a member of the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 and again from 2012 to 2016.

Pécresse was Minister of Higher Education and Research from 2007 to 2011 and Minister of Budget and Government Spokeswoman from 2011 to 2012 during the François Fillon government.

In July 2021, Pécresse announced her candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2022 presidential election. In December 2021, she won the Republican nomination. She came in fifth place in the election, winning 4.78% of the vote.

Paso Robles, California

Paso Robles ( ), officially El Paso de Robles (Spanish for "The Pass of Oaks"), is a city in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States. 

Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata

The Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata (ANSA; literally "National Associated Press Agency") is a main wire service in Italy. ANSA is a non-profit organization. Their members and owners are 36 leading news organizations in Italy. Its goal is to support and publish reliable news.

In 2013, they were the first news organization to announce the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI.

Camillo Milli

Camillo Migliori, best known as Camillo Milli (1 August 1929 – 20 January 2022) was an Italian actor. He was born in Milan, Italy. His career began in 1951. He was best known for his role as Ugo Monti in the Canale 5 TV series "CentoVetrine". 

Milli died from problems caused by COVID-19 in Genoa, Italy on 20 January 2022, at the age of 92.

John Pandeni Constituency

John Pandeni constituency, also known as Soweto, is a constituency in the Khomas Region of central Namibia. In 2008, the constituency was renamed after John Pandeni, who was a member of the South West Africa People's Organisation and the People's Liberation Army of Namibia. Pandeni was the first regional councilor of Soweto constituency and the first governor of Khomas Region. This constituency is within the city of Windhoek. It had a population of 15,121 in 2011 and 13,865 in 2001. , it has 14,758 registered voters.

The constituency was won by SWAPO in the 2004 election. Rakel Jakob became councillor by more than 2/3 of the total votes. In the 2015 regional election SWAPO won by a landslide. Jakob was reelected with 2,996 votes, followed by Steve Kevanhu of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 375 votes. The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election. Shaalukeni Moonde received of SWAPO 1,696 votes, followed by Abraham Nakantinda of the Independent Patriots for Change with 827 votes and Duminga Ndala of the Landless People's Movement with 825 votes.

John Pandeni

John Alphons Pandeni (30 July 1950 – 14 March 2008) was a Namibian politician and trade unionist. He was a member of SWAPO and Minister of Regional and Local Government, Housing and Rural Development until his death in 2008.
Pandeni was born in the village of Omundjalala in the Omusati Region of northern Namibia. After receiving military training in Tanzania and Angola, Pandeni was arrested in 1978 for anti-apartheid activities with People's Liberation Army of Namibia guerrilla movement. After his arrest, Pandeni was imprisoned on Robben Island until 1985. After his release, Pandeni became the founding Secretary of the Namibia Food and Allied Workers Union until 1992. In that year he entered politics, serving as Regional Councillor for Soweto constituency in Katutura, Windhoek. A year later he became the Khomas Regional Governor until 2005. He later entered President Hifikepunye Pohamba's first cabinet. 
Pandeni is buried alongside other former liberation leaders at Heroes' Acre, outside of Windhoek.

Karolos Trikolidis

Karolos Trikolidis (24 July 1947 – 20 January 2022) (, ) was an Austrian-born Greek conductor. He was born in Bad Aussee, Austria. He worked at 1st Kapellmeister at many Opera houses in West Germany and Hungary. He was permanent conductor of the Ballet National de Marseille "Roland Petit". He also worked for Iceland Symphony Orchestra and was general music director of the Debrecen Philharmonic Orchestra.

Trikolidis died on 20 January 2022 at the age of 74.

Anatoliy Novikov

Anatoliy Terentiyovych Novikov (; 17 January 1947 – 18 January 2022) was a Ukrainian judoka. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Novikov was born in Kharkiv, Soviet Union. In 1972 he won the bronze medal in the half middleweight class. 

Novikov died on 18 January 2022, at the age of 75.

The Five Satins

The Five Satins are an American doo-wop group. They were best known for their 1956 million-selling song, "In the Still of the Night." They were formed in 1954 and continued performing until 1994. When it was formed, the group had six members.

Antonio Borrometi

Antonio Borrometi (27 May 1953 – 19 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1996 until 2001. He was born in Modica, Italy. Borrometi was a member of the Italian People's Party.

Borrometi died in Bologna, Italy on 19 January 2022, at the age of 68.

David Cox (statistician)

Sir David Roxbee Cox (15 July 1924 – 18 January 2022) was a British statistician.

Her best known works were creating or expanding, Logistic Regression, the proportional hazards model, and the Cox process, which was named after him.

Cox died on 18 January 2022, at the age of 97.

Dušan Klein

Dušan Klein (21 June 1939 – 9 January 2022) was a Slovakian-born Czech movie director and screenwriter. He was known for his roles in "How the World Is Losing Poets", "How Poets Are Losing Their Illusions" and "How Poets Are Enjoying Their Lives". He was also a Holocaust survivor. He was born in Michalovce, present-day Slovakia.

Klein died on 9 January 2022 in Prague, Czech Republic, at the age of 82.

Slovak Republic (1939–1945)

The (First) Slovak Republic (), also known as the Slovak State ("Slovenský štát"), was a partially-recognized state of Nazi Germany which existed between 14 March 1939 and 4 April 1945.

Mino De Rossi

Mino De Rossi (21 May 1931 – 7 January 2022) was an Italian road bicycle and track cyclist. He won the gold medal in the men's 4.000m team at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was a professional road cyclist from 1952 to 1968. He was born in Arquata Scrivia, Italy.

De Rossi died on 7 January 2022, at the age of 90.

Arquata Scrivia

Arquata Scrivia (local dialect: "Auquâ") is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont. It is about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.

Emanuel Steward

Emanuel "Manny" Steward (July 7, 1944 – October 25, 2012) was an American boxer, trainer, and commentator. He worked for HBO Boxing. He was also called the Godfather of Detroit Boxing. Steward trained 41 world champion fighters. His heavyweight fighters had a combined record of 34-2-1 in title fights. He was added into the International Boxing Hall Of Fame, and the World Boxing Hall of Fame. 

Steward died October 25, 2012 of problems caused by diverticulitis surgery and colon cancer at a hospital in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 68.

Bottom Creek, West Virginia

Bottom Creek is an unincorporated community located in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States.

Bastheim

Bastheim is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. Wechterswinkel Abbey is in the village of Wechterswinkel, part of Bastheim. 

Bischofsheim in der Rhön

Bischofsheim in der Rhön (before January 2020, the town was called: "Bischofsheim an der Rhön") is a town in Rhön-Grabfeld, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Rhön Mountains, 29 km southeast of Fulda.

Several originally separate villages became part of the town Bischofsheim. These are Frankenheim, Haselbach, Oberweißenbrunn, Unterweißenbrunn and Wegfurt.


Alphonse Matejka

Alphonse Matejka (9 January 1902 in St. Gallen, Switzerland - 27 October 1999 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland) was a famous Occidentalist of Czech origin.

Burglauer

Burglauer is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Lauer.

Fladungen

Fladungen is a town in Rhön-Grabfeld, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Rhön Mountains, 11 km northwest of Ostheim, 20 km west of Meiningen, and 33 km east of Fulda. It is the northernmost town in Bavaria, bordering Hesse to the northwest and Thuringia to the northeast.

Fladungen is at the southern edge of the Rhön Mountains, and the Rhön Biosphere Reserve begins a few kilometers outside of town. It is at the front of the river Streu, which flows southeast through it to join the Franconian Saale near Bad Neustadt.


Elza Soares

Elza da Conceição Soares, known professionally as Elza Soares (; 23 June 1930 – 20 January 2022) was a Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer. In 1999, she was named Singer of the Millennium with Tina Turner by BBC Radio. Soares was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Her career began in 1950. In 2015, she released her best known album "A mulher do fim do mundo". In 2002, Soares was nominated for a Grammy Award.

In 2007, Soares was diagnosed with diverticulitis and had many surgeries. She died on 20 January 2022 at her home in Rio de Janeiro from natural causes, aged 91.

Großbardorf

Großbardorf is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Großeibstadt

Großeibstadt is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. The river Franconian Saale flows through Kleineibstadt.

The municipality has the following villages: Großeibstadt and Kleineibstadt. The township is a member of the administrative community Saal an der Saale.

Peter Steele

Petrus Thomas Ratajczyk (January 4, 1962 – April 14, 2010), known professionally as Peter Steele, was an American musician and singer-songwriter. He was best known as the lead vocalist, bassist and composer of the gothic metal band Type O Negative. Steele also created the metal group Fallout and the thrash band Carnivore.

Steele died at a hospital in Scranton, Pennsylvania on April 14, 2010 from sepsis caused by diverticulitis, aged 48.

SCBC TV

The Southern Cameroons Broadcasting Corporation (SCBC TV) is an Anglophone Cameroonian television channel that has been transmitting since 6 May 2017.

The Southern Cameroons Broadcasting Corporation (SCBC TV), is a channel primarily focused on the history and culture of the peoples of the English-speaking regions of Cameroon, interviews with exiled leaders and documentaries on human rights abuses in these regions. 

It started on 6 May 2017 and is currently based in South Africa.

The Cameroonian government wanted to shut down the channel because of its reports on the Anglophone Crisis.

Hausen, Rhön-Grabfeld

Hausen is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Hendungen

Hendungen is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Herbstadt

Herbstadt is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It has the following villages: Breitensee, Herbstadt, Ottelmannshausen and a hamlet: Dörfleshof.

Heustreu

Heustreu is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Lower Franconia in Germany. It is on the river Streu.

Heustreu is in the Main-Rhön region in the north of Lower Franconia. The Rhön mountains are a low mountain range in the north of Bavaria, Hesse and Thuringia. The most successful football club in Heustreu is the TSV 1894 Heustreu e.V., which plays in the Kreisklasse of Rhön-Grabfeld.

Höchheim

Höchheim is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. Höchheim has the following villages: Gollmuthhausen, Höchheim, Irmelshausen, Rothausen.

Irmelshausen

Irmelshausen is a village in the municipality of Höchheim in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.



Hohenroth

Hohenroth is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Hollstadt

Hollstadt is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Mellrichstadt

Mellrichstadt is a town in Rhön-Grabfeld, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 17 km southwest of Meiningen, and 13 km northeast of Bad Neustadt. It has the following villages: Bahra, Eußenhausen, Frickenhausen, Mühlfeld, Sondheim im Grabfeld and Roßrieth.

Features in John Douglas-Gray's thriller 'The Novak Legacy' 

Niederlauer

Niederlauer is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. The rivers Franconian Saale and Lauer flow through the village.

Nordheim vor der Rhön

Nordheim vor der Rhön is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the upper Streu valley, between Ostheim and Fladungen.

Oberelsbach

Oberelsbach is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberstreu

Oberstreu is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Ostheim

Ostheim vor der Rhön is a town in Northern Bavaria in Rhön-Grabfeld in Franconia.


David Bramwell (botanist)

David Bramwell MBE (25 November 1942 – 20 January 2022) was an English botanist and taxonomist. He was the director of the Jardín Botánico Canario Viera y Clavijo, Gran Canaria from 1974 until 2012. He was born in Ormskirk, England. Bramwell was Director of the UNESCO Chair for the Conservation of Plant Biodiversity in Macaronesia and West Africa from 2011 until 2014.

Bramwell died in Liverpool, England on 20 January 2022, aged 79.

2022 Zamfara massacres

From 4 to 6 January 2022, over 200 people were killed by bandits in Zamfara State, Nigeria. This was the deadliest terrorist attack in recent Nigerian history.

The Nigerian bandit conflict began in 2011. Bandit gangs carry out attacks in the country's northwest. Thousands of people have been killed.

Stanisław Grędziński

Stanisław Grędziński (19 October 1945 – 19 January 2022) was a Polish sprinter. He was born in Ostrzyca, Poland. Grędziński won two gold medals at the European Athletics Championships in 1966. He came in fourth place at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Grędziński died on 19 January 2022, at the age of 77.

Paavo Heininen

Paavo Johannes Heininen (13 January 1938 – 18 January 2022) was a Finnish composer, academic and pianist. He was born in Helsinki, Finland. Heininen was one of the most important Finnish modernist composers.

Heininen died on 18 January 2022 in Järvenpää, five days after his 84th birthday.


Patricia Kenworthy Nuckols

Patricia Kenworthy Nuckols (June 21, 1921 – January 17, 2022) was an American field hockey player and a pilot in the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP) during World War II. She played for the U.S. national team. In 1988, was honored into the USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame. In 2010, she was one of the 200 former WASP pilots to be honored with the Congressional Gold Medal.

Kenworthy Nuckols was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and raised in Vermont. She turned 100 in June 2021. Kenworthy Nuckols died in Manchester, Vermont on January 17, 2022.

Shrunk

Shrunk is an upcoming American live-action family comedy film that is the reboot of Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. It is fourth film in the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids franchise, following Honey, I Blew Up the Kid and Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves. It will be released in 2022. 

The movie will feature an older Nick Szalinski following in Wayne's footsteps as he continues Wayne's size-changing experiments while they both deal with Diane's death. Nick now has two children, Theo, who has a gloomy disposition and is sensitive about his weight, and Maddie, who hosts a YouTube show where she showcases Nick's inventions.


East Quogue, New York

East Quogue is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 5,557 at the 2020 census.

Collegeville, Pennsylvania

Collegeville is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia, United States. The population was 5,043 at the 2020 census.

Skippack Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania

Skippack Township is a township in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 14,389 at the 2020 census. 

College Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania

College Township is a township in Centre County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 10,762 at the 2020 census.

Topanga, California

Topanga () (Tongva: "Topaa'nga") is a census-designated place (CDP) in western Los Angeles County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census the population of the Topanga CDP was 8,560. 

Sewanee, Tennessee

Sewanee () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 2,535 at the 2020 census.

Loudon, Tennessee

Loudon is a city that is the county seat of Loudon County, Tennessee, United States. Its population was 5,991 at the 2020 census. 

Danube Swabians

The Danube Swabians are German settlers of the former Austria-Hungary Empire. They founded villages, and worked as farmers. Their ancestors were once settled from 1686 - 1829 by the order of the House of Habsburg in Hungary, and parts of former Yugoslavia and Romania who belonged to the Habsburger Monarchy, from different parts from Austria and Germany like Hesse, Bavaria, the Palatinate, Hunsrück, Baden-Württemberg, Swabian Jura Fulda (district), Rhön, Franconia, Rhein-Pfalz-Kreis, Swabia (Government Region), but also Alsace, Lorraine, Southern Netherlands and Luxembourg etc. The city Ulm at Alb-Donau-Kreis, in Swabian Jura, was the startpoint, where this German emigrants went with the "Ulmer Schachtel" (a small boat), along the Danube River, this is why they got the name "Danube Swabians". They speak different German dialects. They believed in Roman Catholicism and Lutheranism and hold much of the old Norse mythology. After World War II, most of the Danube Swabians were expelled by the order of the Potsdam Conference, to Allied-occupied Austria and Allied-occupied Germany. Only a few Danube Swabians live today in this country who once belongend to the Habsburger Monarchy. Most Danube Swabian descendants live in Austria and Germany, but also some in USA, Canada and Australia.

The Germans from the Hochstift Fulda settled at 25 villages in the Baranya and in the city Pécs arround 1717 - 1804, this subgroup is named "Stifolder" or Stiffoller. An example of the "Stifullerisch" Danube Swabian German-dialect of Baranya: "Mer rede noch die schwowisch Muddersprooch", 

DNA testing shows that Danube Swabians from Hungary are real descendants of Germans 

The first German settlers came via the Danube River 1686 - 1713, and was Swabians mostly from Black Forest in Wurttemberg and called by the Hungarian, Serbian, Croatian, and Romanian population as Svábok, Švabo, Şvabii. The German itself have said Donauschwowe

The term Danube Swabians was ofically given in 1922.

Encanto

Encanto is a 2021 American animated musical fantasy comedy movie produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was made by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It was directed by Jared Bush and Byron Howard, co-directed by writer Charise Castro Smith who co-wrote the screenplay with Bush, and produced by Yvett Merino and Clark Spencer. The original songs were written by Lin-Manuel Miranda.

It is Disney's sixtieth animated movie. It was released on November 24, 2021 in theaters and through Disney+ on December 24, 2022 to strong positive reviews. It won a Golden Globe Award for best animated movie.


Forced by the Thousand Days War to flee her village in Colombia, a young Alma Madrigal loses her husband Pedro but saves her three children: Julieta, Pepa, and Bruno. A miracle happens and her candle becomes magic. It gets rid of the people chasing them, and creates a living house, the Casita, for them to live in, along with a magical village bordered by tall mountains— "an "encanto"." The candle's magic gives "Gifts" to each Madrigal descendant, which they are to use to help the villagers. Bruno, who had the power of telling the future, disappeared after Mirabel, Julieta's youngest daughter, did not get a gift, and ten years later Mirabel is still sad about not having one. Mirabel explains this with the song “The Family Madrigal”

On his fifth birthday, Pepa's youngest son, Antonio, gets the ability to talk with animals, and the family takes a picture with him but leaves out Mirabel. Mirabel then sings a song wishing she were also special. ("Waiting on a Miracle"). Mirabel suddenly sees the Casita cracking and the candle's flame flickering, but is ignored when the Casita seems fine to the others. After overhearing Alma praying, Mirabel decides to save the miracle's magic. The next day, she talks to her super-strong older sister, Luisa, who admits that she has a hard time dealing with all the work she has to do ("Surface Pressure"). She suggests that Bruno's room may hold clues to the mystery. There, Mirabel finds a cave and gets pieces of a slab of emerald. After Mirabel gets out, Luisa realizes that her gift is weakening. After her family reminds her of the reasons that Bruno is not to be talked about ("We Don't Talk About Bruno"), Mirabel rebuilds the slab and discovers it is an image of Mirabel standing in front of a broken Casita. Mirabel takes this to mean that she will destroy the family.

Later that evening, Mirabel's oldest sister Isabela, who can make plants and flowers grow whenever she wants, is supposed to become engaged to their neighbour Mariano Guzmán. But Mirabel's oldest cousin Dolores, who has super hearing, lets everyone know that she overheard Mirabel talking with her father about Bruno's vision. The Casita begins to crack again, causing everyone's powers to go out of control, ruining the night and Mariano's proposal when Pepa accidentally starts a rainstorm. As everyone runs, Mirabel follows a group of rats and finds a secret passage behind a portrait. There she meets Bruno, who tells that his vision of Mirabel would have got her in trouble with the family so he broke the vision and went into hiding to protect her. He hid himself inside the house's walls so he could still be near them. Bruno tells her that the vision could change, meaning that Mirabel would either destroy the Madrigal family or fix it. At Mirabel's urging, he reluctantly conjures another vision. At first, it goes the same way as the last one, with Mirabel still standing in front of a broken Casita. But a golden butterfly appears, and the vision changes into an image of Mirabel hugging a young woman, who seems to be Isabela.

Mirabel apologizes to Isabela but accidentally gets her to admit that she does not want to marry Mariano and actually hates having to be perfect. Then Isabella creates a cactus and wonders if she should grow whatever plants she feels like growing. ("What Else Can I Do?"). After the song, they hug, fixing the candle and the cracks. But, Alma sees the two of them, with Isabela growing whatever she wants. She accuses Mirabel of causing the family's problems out of jealousy for not having a Gift. Mirabel blames Alma for the immense pressure she puts on the family. Their rising argument weakens the candle again and creates a fissure that splits a nearby mountain and destroys the Casita. Despite Mirabel's trying to save it, the candle dies in her hands, leaving all the Madrigals powerless. While the family and several locals look at the damage, Mirabel feels guilty and leaves the town.

After a few hours of fruitless search, Alma finds a tearful Mirabel back at the river where Pedro died. She explains how, in her determination to preserve the magic, she ignored the toll it took on her family and finally takes responsibility for what happened ("Dos Oruguitas"). After hearing Alma's tragic backstory, Mirabel tells her that despite her flaws, she is the one who brought and protected the family together all these years. After a golden butterfly appears, they reconcile, and Bruno appears and confronts Alma to defend Mirabel, unexpectedly cheering her up with his return. They reunite with the Madrigals, and the townspeople arrive to help them rebuild the Casita ("All of You"). When the house is rebuilt, the Madrigals give Mirabel a gleaming doorknob with an M on it. When she places it in the front door, the magic springs back to life, restoring the Casita and all the family's Gifts and spreading through the village. The Madrigals pose for another family picture, this time with Mirabel and Bruno included.

Centre de documentation et d'étude sur la langue internationale

The Centre de documentation et d'étude sur la langue internationale (CDELI; English: Center for Documentation and Study about the International Language) in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland, was founded in 1967 by . It is the main branch of the city's library. It contains more than 20,000 bibliographic units. Interlinguistically neutral (thus "la langue internationale"), CDELI aims to preserve documents in and about all kinds of constructed languages: it offers, in addition to Esperanto books and periodicals, the richest collections of materials about Volapük and Interlingue, among others.


Bobs Worth

Bobs Worth (21 May 2005 – 20 January 2022) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the Albert Bartlett Novices' Hurdle in 2011, the RSA Chase in 2012 and the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 2013 at the Cheltenham Festival. He was the first horse since Flyingbolt in the 1960s to win three different races every year at the Cheltenham Festivals. 

Bobs Worth died on 20 January 2022, aged 17.

Longview, Washington

Longview is a city in Cowlitz County, Washington, United States. Longview's population was 36,648 at the time of the 2010 census. It is the largest city in Cowlitz County.

Kelso, Washington

Kelso is a city in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Washington and is the county seat of Cowlitz County. At the 2010 census, the population was 11,925.

Bob Goalby

Robert George Goalby (March 14, 1929 – January 20, 2022) was an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour. He won the Masters Tournament in 1968. He was born in Belleville, Illinois. He became a professional in 1952. He came in second place at the PGA Championship in 1962. 

Goalby died on January 20, 2022 in Belleville at the age of 92.

Rödelmaier

Rödelmaier is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Saal an der Saale

Saal an der Saale is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Fränkische Saale. The municipality has the two townships Saal an der Saale and Waltershausen.

Salz, Bavaria

Salz is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Imran Khan (Bollywood actor)

Imran Khan (; born Imran Pal; 13 January 1983) is an American former actor. He was the nephew of actor Aamir Khan and director-producer Mansoor Khan. His best known roles were in "I Hate Luv Storys" (2010), "Delhi Belly" (2011), "Mere Brother Ki Dulhan" (2011) and "Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu" (2012).

Sandberg, Bavaria

Sandberg is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Sandberg is within the Main-Rhön regional planning region.

Sandberg is divided into nine municipal subdivisions or villages:

Schönau an der Brend

Schönau an der Brend is a municipality with 1,378 residents in Rhön-Grabfeld in northern Bavaria, Germany. It has two villages: Schönau an der Brend and Burgwallbach.

Sondheim vor der Rhön

Sondheim vor der Rhön is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld, Bavaria, Germany. It is administrated by the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Ostheim".


Stockheim, Lower Franconia

Stockheim is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Streu valley between Ostheim and Mellrichstadt.

Strahlungen

Strahlungen is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Sulzdorf an der Lederhecke

Sulzdorf an der Lederhecke is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. The district has six villages: (Obereßfeld, Schwanhausen, Serrfeld, Sternberg im Grabfeld, Sulzdorf an der Lederhecke, Zimmerau) and four hamlets: Brennhausen, Heckenmühle, Serrfeldermühle, Sulzdorfermühle.


Sulzfeld, Rhön-Grabfeld

Sulzfeld is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany. It has the following villages: Kleinbardorf, Leinach, Sulzfeld, Sulzfelder Forst. The large regional Jewish cemetery, Jewish Cemetery (Kleinbardorf) is also in Sulzfeld.

Trappstadt

Trappstadt is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria, Germany.

Unsleben

Unsleben is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Unsleben is in the Main-Rhön area.
Near its south-east sides, the brook Els flows into the stream Streu.


Willmars

Willmars is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Wollbach (Rhön-Grabfeld)

Wollbach is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany.

Wülfershausen

Wülfershausen is a municipality in Rhön-Grabfeld in Bavaria in Germany, on the Saale River. The municipality has these two villages: Wülfershausen and Eichenhausen. The township is a member of the administrative community Saal an der Saale.

Abenberg

Abenberg () is a town in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 9 km west of Roth bei Nürnberg and 25 km southwest of Nuremberg.

Abenberg has 14 Districts:

Allersberg

Allersberg is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.

Büchenbach

Büchenbach is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.

Georgensgmünd

Georgensgmünd is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.

Greding

Greding () is a town in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 28 km southeast of Roth bei Nürnberg and 32 km north of Ingolstadt.

Greding is in the south-eastern corner of Middle Franconia. The municipal area borders on two neighbouring Bavarian districts, Eichstätt and Neumarkt, and also on the two regions of Upper Bavaria and Upper Palatinate. Greding is about 32 km north of the city of Ingolstadt on the A9 Autobahn (junction 57).

Greding stands on the river Schwarzach in the Altmühl Valley Nature Park. Two hills around the town are the Kalvarienberg and the Galgenberg.

The township of Greding includes the villages of Attenhofen, Birkhof, Esselberg, Euerwang, Grafenberg, Großhöbing, Günzenhofen, Hausen, Heimbach, Herrnsberg, Hofberg, Kaising, Kleinnottersdorf, Kraftsbuch, Landerzhofen, Linden, Mettendorf, Obermässing, Österberg, Röckenhofen, Schutzendorf, Untermässing and Viehhausen.

Neighbouring municipalities are Beilngries, Berching, Dietfurt an der Altmühl, Freystadt, Hilpoltstein, Kinding and Thalmässing.

Hausen, Greding

Hausen is a village in the town Greding in Roth in Middle Franconia in Bavaria.

The small village on the Schwarzach and in the Altmühl Valley Nature Park.



Heideck

Heideck is a town in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Metropolitan Area of Nuremberg and at the same time in the Franconian Lake District.


Hilpoltstein

Hilpoltstein () is a town in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 10 km southeast of Roth bei Nürnberg and 30 km south of Nuremberg, close to the lake 'Rothsee.



Kammerstein

Kammerstein is a municipality in Roth in Bavaria in Germany.

Rednitzhembach

Rednitzhembach is municipality in Roth in Bavaria in Germany.

Rohr, Middle Franconia

Rohr is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.

Röttenbach, Roth

Röttenbach is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.

Schwanstetten

Schwanstetten is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. Schwanstetten is 15 km south of Nuremberg.

After the local government reforms of 1978 Schwanstetten has 6 districts:


Spalt

Spalt is a town in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 19 km southwest of Schwabach.

Spalt is between Nuremberg, Ansbach, and Treuchtlingen in the north of the Franconian lakelands. In the southwest of the city is the Great Brombachsee and its dam. The Fränkische Rezat flows through Georgensgmünd into the Rednitz.

"(starting in the north and going clockwise)"

The following places belong to the community of Spalt:

Egelmühle, Enderndorf, Engelhof, Fünfbronn, Großweingarten, Güsseldorf, Hagsbronn, Heiligenblut, Hohenrad, Höfstetten, Hügelmühle, Kaltenbrunn, Keilberg, Massendorf, Mosbach, Mühlreisig, Nagelhof, Ottmannsberg, Schnittling, Steinfurt, Stiegelmühle, Stockheim, Straßenhaus, Theilenberg, Trautenfurt, Untererlbach, Wasserzell, Wernfels



Thalmässing

Thalmässing is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.


Wendelstein, Bavaria

Wendelstein is a municipality in Roth, in Bavaria, Germany, about southeast of Nuremberg.

Wendelstein is about 13 km south-southeast of the center of the city of Nuremberg in the Schwarzach Valley. To the north it borders Nuremberg, to the east Feucht, Schwarzenbruck and Pyrbaum, to the south Allersberg and Schwanstetten and to the west Rednitzhembach and Schwabach. The municipal area also includes an unsettled exclave, one square kilometer in size, of Lorenzer Reichswald north of a former ammunition dump, Heeresmunitionsanstalt Feucht.

Oumar Diakité

Oumar Diakhité (born 9 December 1993) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for German club VfL Osnabrück.

He started with ASEC Mimosas. In 2020–21 he became part of their first squad. He played with them in the CAF Champions League and the CAF Confederation Cup. In January 2022 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga and was loaned to FC Liefering in the Second League. 

Ranbir Sidhu

Ranbir Sidhu is a Canadian designer and artist based in Toronto. Sidhu is known for creating and exhibiting custom sculptures that defies gravity and reality. He was commissioned to design and create a custom piece called "OVO" for rapper Drake, which was made from diamond dust and 24K gold flakes.

Ranbir Sidhu was born in London, England and raised in Scarborough, Toronto. According to Bay Street Bull, "Sidhu has been drawn to creation from a young age, his father fostered his talent early on with an architectural drafting table. Sidhu attended Pickering High School. In 2015, he launched his furniture design and art collective company "Futurezona".

In March 2021, Sidhu has designed and created a custom "OVO Table" for Drake. wrote, "The collaboration between Drake and Sidhu is monumental as it continues to propel the Toronto art scene forward".



Masaya Okugawa

Okugawa started with Ayano Boys Club. Then he went on to Kyoto Sanga FC and played in the youth system. In September 2014 he signed a professional contract with them. His debut was in the J2 League on 5 May 2015 against FC Gifu.

In June 2015 he went on to Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga He was then loaned to Liefering. He debuted for Liefering in a league match versus Kapfenberger SV. He made 64 matches for Liefering. Then he was loaned to SV Mattersburg. 2018 he came back to Salzburg and was loaned to Holstein Kiel till the end of 2018–19 season. 2019 he came back to Salzburg and became part of the first squad. In July 2019 he debuted versus SC-ESV Parndorf 1919 in a cup match. His first goal was in a league match versus SK Rapid Wien also in July 2019. On 3 November 2020, Okugawa scored his first UEFA Champions League goal in a 6–2 defeat against Bayern Munich in the 2020–21 season. He played 30 matches for Salzburg and scored 9 goals. 
Okugawa joined German club Arminia Bielefeld on loan on 31 January 2021. The deal contained an option to buy. In June 2021 he became part of the Bielefeld squad.

Red Bull Salzburg

Alba Party

The Alba Party is a Scottish nationalist and pro-independence political party in Scotland. The party was founded by Laurie Flynn, with the former first minister of Scotland Alex Salmond as leader. Salmond created the party's 2021 Scottish Parliament election campaign in March 2021.

Jeffrey Donaldson

Sir Jeffrey Mark Donaldson (born 7 December 1962) is a Northern Irish politician. He has the leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) since June 2021. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Lagan Valley since 1997. He is the leader of the DUP in the UK House of Commons since 2019. He is Northern Ireland's longest-serving current MP.

Carla Denyer

Carla Suzanne Denyer (born 1985) is a British politician who is a member of the Green Party of England and Wales. She has been a co-leader of the Green Party of England and Wales alongside Adrian Ramsay since 1 October 2021. She has been a city councillor in the English city of Bristol since 2015.


Adrian Ramsay

Adrian Philip Ramsay (born 1981) is a British politician and businessman. He is the co-leader of the Green Party of England and Wales with Carla Denyer since 2021. He was the deputy leader of the Green Party of England and Wales from 2008 to 2012. He was a Norwich City Councillor from 2003 to 2011.

He worked as chief executive of the Centre for Alternative Technology from 2014 to 2019 and from 2019 has been CEO of MCS Charitable Foundation.

Leland Byrd

Leland E. Byrd (April 8, 1927 – January 19, 2022) was an American college athletic administrator, basketball player and coach. He was an All-American player at West Virginia University (WVU). He later became an athletic director at many universities in the United States, even WVU. Byrd was born in Lynch, Kentucky. He was raised in Matoaka, West Virginia. His playing career lasted from 1944 until 1948. He coached Glenville State Pioneers between 1955 until 1966.

Byrd died on January 19, 2022 in Morgantown, West Virginia at the age of 94.

Matoaka, West Virginia

Matoaka is a census-designated place in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 173 at the 2020 census.

Gloria McMillan

Gloria McMillan (March 13, 1933 – January 19, 2022) was an American actress. She mainly appeared on radio shows and specials. She was known for her role as Harriet Conklin on the 1950s sitcom "Our Miss Brooks". Her career began in 1947 and she retired in 1990. McMillan was born in Portland, Oregon.

McMillan died on January 19, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 88.

Zara Rutherford

Zara Rutherford (born 5 July 2002) is a Belgian-British pilot. She is the youngest female pilot to fly solo around the world. Her five month journey began in Kortrijk, Belgium, on 18 August 2021. It ended on 20 January 2022.

Rina Sawayama

Rina Sawayama is a Japanese female artist from Niigata Prefecture. She is currently attracting attention as the next pop icon in the UK. She is an artist and creator who self produces her own music videos, writes lyrics and composition.

Rina Sawayama was born on 16th of August 1990. Her hometown is Niigata prefecture. Her occupations are singer, model and music composer. The labels are Avex in Japan and Dirty hits in the UK.

In 2013, Rina Sawayama started her career with her first single “Sleeping in Walking”. After then her first mini album “RINA” released in 2017 was selected as one of the “Artist to Know in 2017” by The FADER(USA) and “DAZED 100(100 Creators of the Next Generation)”by DAZED(UK).  In November 2019, she was awarded “VOGUE JAPAN Women Of The Year 2019” which is given to women who have made various achievements in the year. On April 17, 2020, they released their first studio album, “SAWAYAMA”. It received high praise from music critics, with a 5-star rating from ”NME”, 4-star ratings from ”AllMusic”, Independent, and ”Rolling Stone”, and an 89/100 rating from the review collection site Metacritic.

Her career has not been limited to music, and it has been announced that she will appear as a main cast member in the movie "John Wick: Chapter 4" to be released in 2022.

Rina Sawayama was born in Niigata in 1990, she later moved to Tokyo and then to London when she was four years old due to her father's job transfer. After attending a Japanese school in North London, she studied political science at Cambridge University. However, Rina Sawayama is bullied and driven to the brink of depression on campus, where the old ways of white family society still exist and discrimination and prejudice against students from Asian and Western countries still persist. At that time, she met the LGBTQ community on campus and was saved by the members of the group.

There are four members in the family: his mother, father, and an older brother. Rina Sawayama Parents divorced when she was a teenager. After that, she stayed in London with her mother and lived there.  She has an older brother who is a translator, web designer, copywriter, photographer, and web consultant.  Now, all of her family members live in Japan apart from Rina Sawayama.

Rina Sawayama is also a model. In 2013, she started working with “Anti Agency”, a modeling agency created by her friend. She was selected as a campaign model for the 2016 Osaka building, “LUCUA Osaka”. It was also announced that she will be a main cast member in the movie "John Wick Chapter 4" scheduled to be released in 2022.

Rina Sawayama named one of Noisey's "25 Women Under 25 Who Are Absolutely Killing It Right Now" for International Women's Day 2016. In 2017, she was selected as one of the "Dazed 100" nominees, a group of 100 next-generation creators who will be responsible for the future of youth culture. November 2019, ”VOGUE JAPAN Women of the Year 2019” will be awarded to women who have shone in a variety of fields that year. In 2020, her first album ”SAWAYAMA” was awarded ”AllMusic Best of 2020” ”and Favorite Pop Album”.


Last Dance (movie)

Last Dance is a 1996 American drama movie directed by Bruce Beresford and starring Sharon Stone, Rob Morrow, Randy Quaid, Peter Gallagher, Jack Thompson, Jayne Brook, Skeet Ulrich, Patricia French. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures and was a box office disappointment.


Antonina Girycz

Antonina Girycz (20 February 1939 – 19 January 2022) was a Polish actress. She appeared in more than 50 movies and television shows. Her career began in 1966. Girycz was known for her roles in "Katastrofa" (1965) and "A Woman's Decision" (1975). She was born in Berdyczów, Poland.

Girycz died on 19 January 2022 at the age of 82.

Berdychiv

Berdychiv (, Polish: Berdyczów, , ) is a city in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine. It is the administrative center of the Berdychiv Raion (district).


2022 Bogoso explosion

The Bogoso explosion happened on a road near Bogoso, Western Region, Ghana on 20 January 2022. A truck taking mining explosives crashed with a motorcycle. The explosion damaged the nearby Apiate village. The driver of the truck had noticed a fire and ran to warn people nearby to run to safety.

The blast destroyed many buildings and left a large crater next to the road. At least 17 people were killed and 59 injured.

Bogoso

Bogoso is a town and is the capital of Prestea-Huni Valley district, a district in the Western Region of Ghana. The weather is known for being very tropical.

Ecnomiohyla veraguensis

Ecnomiohyla veraguensis is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it at 540 meters above sea level. It lives in the Talamanca Mountains in Costa Rica and in the Santa Fé National Park in Panama.

This frog lives high in the tree branches.

Ruth Heller Aucott

Ruth Heller Aucott (born c. 1934) is an American former field hockey player and official. She played on the U.S. women's national field hockey team seven times from 1955 to 1967. She was one of the first people honored into the U.S. Field Hockey Association Hall of Fame. She was born in Abington, Pennsylvania.

Chickie Geraci Poisson

Angela Marie "Chickie" Geraci Poisson, formerly Angelea Marie Geraci (born June 18, 1931), is an American former field hockey player and coach. She played on U.S. women's national field hockey team from 1953 to 1963. She was in the first class of people honored into the U.S. Field Hockey Association Hall of Fame. Geraci Poisson was born in East Orange, New Jersey.

Butterfly Kiss

Butterfly Kiss is a 1995 British road drama movie directed by Michael Winterbottom and starring Amanda Plummer, Saskia Reeves, Kathy Jamieson, Lisa Riley, Freda Dowie, Fine Time Fontayne, Katy Murphy, Emily Aston, Ricky Tomlinson.


William Tolbert

William Richard Tolbert Jr. (13 May 1913 – 12 April 1980) was the 20th President of Liberia from 1971 until he was assassinated in 1980 Liberian coup d'état in order by Samuel Doe.

On April 12, 1980, Tolbert was killed in Monrovia early today in a coup by disgruntled Army enlisted men ostensibly representing the long disenfranchised indigenous population of that country. He was shot three times in the head by a band of soldiers who broke into the executive mansion at 1 a.m., according to reports reaching here. Samuel Doe commands the soldiers by overthrow and execute Tolbert.

Maura Healey

Maura Tracy Healey (born February 8, 1971) is an American politician and lawyer who is the Governor of Massachusetts since 2023. In 2015, she was elected Attorney General of Massachusetts. She is a member in the United States' Democratic Party. She was born in Bethesda, Maryland.

Healey was elected governor of Massachusetts in 2022. She is the state's first elected female governor, as well as one of the first two lesbian women, along with Tina Kotek, to take office as governor of any state.

Healey became the Attorney General for the state of Massachusetts in 2015. She was elected the second time three years later.

In the 2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial elections, Healey began her run for Governor of the State. She won the Democratic nomination in September 2022 and would go on to win the general election two months later.

Nova Bus LFS HEV

The Nova Bus LFS HEV is a diesel electric hybrid version of the Nova Bus LFS. It was launched at the 2006 CUTA Trans-Expo in Toronto. The first examples went to STO at the beginning of 2007. The Nova Bus LFS HEV has Diesel Electric Hybrid Propulsion.

Nova Bus LFS Artic

The Nova Bus LFS Artic is an articulated version of the Nova Bus LFS. It is made for high ridership routes or Bus Rapid Transit (BRT). The LFS Artic had its formal unveiling at the 2007 CUTA Trans-Expo. The Nova Bus LFS Artic has Diesel Propulsion.

Halt and Catch Fire

Halt and Catch Fire is an American historical drama television series. It was shown on television channel AMC in the United States from June 1, 2014, to October 14, 2017. The series had 40 episodes and 4 seasons. Main actors of the program include Lee Pace, Scoot McNairy, Mackenzie Davis.

Laksam

Laksam is a small city in Cumilla district of Bangladesh. It is in the Chittagong Division. Laksam is the birthplace of Asia's first female Nawab (royal title of powerful rulers) and one of the earliest female education activist Faizunnsa Chowdhurani.

Nawab

Nawab (;
Punjabi : ਨਵਾਬ;
Persian,
Punjabi ,
Sindhi,
Urdu: نواب), also spelt Nawaab, Navaab, Navab, Nowab, Nabob, Nawaabshah, Nawabshah or Nobab, is a royal title. It was used by sovereign ruler, often of a South Asian state. In in many ways it is similar to the western titles of King. The relationship of a Nawab to the Emperor of India has been compared to that of the Kings of Saxony to the German Emperor. In earlier times, the title was given by the Mughal emperor to Muslim rulers of subdivisions or princely states in the Indian subcontinent who were loyal to the Mughal Empire. The title is an equivalent to the title Maharaja. 

"Nawab" usually refers to males. It means "Viceroy". The female equivalent is "Begum" or ""Nawab Begum"". The primary duty of a Nawab was the administration of a certain province.

Similar to a British peerage, The title of "nawabi" was also given to persons and families who ruled a princely state of British India. In some cases, the titles were also given with jagir grants. These were either cash or land-holdings. 

PlaySight Interactive

PlaySight Interactive is company that combine camera, artificial intel igence and sports. It offers smart sports video platform for over 25 sports and across 20 countries. For example basketball, tennis, ice hockey and soccer. There are over 1000 SmartCourts lockated around the world. You can find the SmartCourts there: Golden State Warriors, Toronto Raptors, Detroit Pistons and Phoenix Suns and over 70 NCAA sports programs, including Harvard University, the University of Southern California, Indiana University, Claremont Colleges, Fairleigh Dickinson University and Princeton University. The United States Tennis Association has PlaySight's SmartCourt technology on 32 courts in Lake Nona, Florida. PlaySight was one of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies in 2017 and 2018.

PlaySight was founded in Kfar Saba, Israel, in 2010. They used technology with roots in the Israeli military. At first the three partners were developing weaponry and war simulators for the Israeli army. After one of the partners, Evgeni Khazanov, looling for his daughter’s tennis practice. He wondered why a sport with so much money did not have any advanced technology to help players improve their game.

The technology was commercialized in 2013. Later it was adapted for many other sports including soccer, martial arts, volleyball, squash, handball, gymnastics, dancing, hockey and wrestling. PlaySight costs $20 million and now has offices in Kfar Saba, New Jersey and Los Angeles. 

GoodBarber

GoodBarber is a no-code development platform, developed in France, which allows users unfamiliar with programming to build mobile apps and progressive web applications, using Drag and Drop graphic user interface.

GoodBarber was born from the merger of two French software companies, DuoApps and WebzineMaker, It was founded in 2001, in Ajaccio (Corsica), by François-Sébastien Simoni and 3 associates (J. Pietri, P. Chiappe and F. Bernardini). At the beginnings, the GoodBarber's platform performed as generator of blogs in SaaS mode, websites and WebTVs. In 2011, DuoApps and WebzineMaker officially launched the native mobile application builder named GoodBarber in order to develop and market a technical solution to build native IOS and Android applications and Progressive Web apps, for content publishing and eCommerce shopping stores. Also used as content management system by some research organizations.
GoodBarber's technology is recognized among No-code development platforms, best known as App builders or App makers.
As a cross-platform software, the technical platform generate mobile applications compatibles for mobile phones for both Android and iOS and Progressive web application (PWA) mobile applications, accessible from the web through by a mobile browser.
In the same class of software, other noticeable companies are Appy Pie, AppSheet, BuildFire, Microsoft PowerApps, AppInstitute, Zoho.
Initially launched on the English and French markets, between 2013 and 2015 GoodBarber was enhanced to integrate Italian, Spanish, German, Portuguese and Turkish in its editor interfaces.
In April 2015, GoodBarber acquired Mougli, an online appointment platform for professionals
In December 2018, the companies WebzineMaker and DuoApps merged into a single entity under the name of GoodBarber.

In 2013, GoodBarber first attended Mobile World Congress.
GoodBarber has been listed in the FT 1000 by the Financial Times and the French economic newspaper Les Echos.
In 2020, it integrated the Mercado Pago payment platform, as payment solution for eCommerce apps.
GoodBarber is physically established in 3 countries (France, Portugal and the United States)


Ecnomiohyla bailarina

The golden-eyed fringe-limbed tree frog ("Ecnomiohyla bailarina") is a frog that lives in Panama and Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it between 400 and 1400 meters above sea level. It lives in the Talamanca Mountains in Costa Rica and in the Santa Fé National Park in Panama.

This frog lives high up in the tree branches.

Pseudis minuta

The lesser swimming frog ("Pseudis minuta") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil and scientists think it could also live in Paraguay.

People's Liberation Army of Namibia

The People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) was the armed wing of the South West Africa People's Organisation. PLAN fought against the apartheid South African Defence Force and South West African Territorial Force during the South African Border War. In its history, PLAN used guerrilla tactics and as well as a large recruitment network in rural South West Africa to gain popularity. 

During the Border War most of PLAN’s activities includes mine warfare and acts of sabotage. At first PLAN lacked any units, and the operations were carried out by political exiles who spent time living in refugee camps in neighbouring country such as People’s Republic of Angola. MPLA helped PLAN launch raids inside South West Africa itself. By the end of the war, PLAN had 32,000 members with three battalions of troops equipped with heavy weapons.

Awara, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


Echizen, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


Richard Rich, 1st Baron Rich

Richard Rich, 1st Baron Rich (July 1496 – 12 June 1567), was Lord Chancellor during King Edward VI of England's reign, from 1547 until January 1552. He was the founder of Felsted School with its associated alms houses in Essex in 1564. He was a beneficiary of the Dissolution of the Monasteries, and persecuted perceived opponents of the king and their policies. He played a role in the trials of Catholic martyrs Thomas More and John Fisher as well as that of Protestant martyr Anne Askew.

Mirtha Uribe

Mirtha Sebastiana Uribe Soriano (born 12 March 1985) is a Peruvian volleyball player.​ She was a member of the Peru women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2003 Pan American Games , 2007 Pan American Games , 2011 Pan American Games , 2015 Pan American Games, 2006 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2007 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup , 2008 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup , 2009 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2010 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, 2011 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup, and 2013 Women's Pan-American Volleyball Cup.

She competed at the 2006 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 2010 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, 2011 FIVB World Grand Prix, 2015 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Cup, 2015 FIVB World Grand Prix. and 2017 FIVB World Grand Prix.

She played for CV Universidad de San Martín de Porres.

She played for Alianza Lima, Deportivo Jaamsa, Circolo Sportivo Italiano, and Latino Amisa.

Vera Klimovich

Vera Aleksandrovna Klimovich (born 29 April 1988 Minsk) is a Belarusian volleyball player.

She competed at the 2015 Women's European Volleyball Championship, 2017 Women's European Volleyball Championship, 2019 Women's European Volleyball Championship, and 2019 Women's European Volleyball League winning a bronze medal.

On club level she plays for VB Casalmaggiore, Volley 2002 Forlì, Maccabi XT Haifa, and Hämeenlinnan Lentopallokerho.

Percy Liza

Carlos Percy Liza Espinoza (; born 10 April 2000) is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Peruvian Primera División club Sporting Cristal.

Carlos Percy Liza Espinoza was born in Chimbote, in the department of Ancash. Percy grew up in a Christian family and in a home with average conditions.

Born and raised in the city of Chimbote, at the age of 17 he settled in Lima, where Sporting Cristal agreed to discipline him after his transfer to the capital. After a rapid progression through the reserve team, proclaiming himself in 2018, he made his official debut with the first team in April 2019 at the age of 18. After being prone to injuries early in his career, he established one more season in reserve reaching the two-time championship that year. The following year he established himself as a fundamental player for the club, winning his first title in the 2020 season. Another season followed, in which Liza managed to win the Torneo Apertura, Copa Bicentenario and would be proclaimed runner-up in the tournament.

Sporting Cristal


Roland Freisler

Roland Freisler (30 October 1893 – 3 February 1945) was a German Nazi jurist, judge, and politician who served as the State Secretary of the Reich Ministry of Justice from 1934 to 1942 and President of the People's Court from 1942 to 1945.

He was a prominent ideologist of Nazism who influenced the Nazification of Germany's legal system as a jurist, and he attended the Wannsee Conference, the event which set the Holocaust in motion. He was appointed President of the People's Court in 1942, overseeing the prosecution of political crimes as a judge, becoming known for his aggressive personality, humiliation of defendants, and frequent sentencing with the death penalty.

Although the death penalty was abolished with the creation of the Federal Republic, he defined murder in German law in 1941, which survives to date in the Strafgesetzbuch § 211.

Feldherrnhalle

The Feldherrnhalle (Field Marshals' Hall) is a large loggia in Munich, Germany. It was made similar to the Loggia dei Lanzi in Florence, Italy The building was commissioned in 1841 by King Ludwig I of Bavaria. He had it built to honour the tradition of the Bavarian Army.

In 1923, it was the site of the brief battle that ended Hitler's Beer Hall Putsch. During the Nazi era, it was a monument to members of the Nazi party who died there.

The Feldherrnhalle was built between 1841 and 1844. It was built at the southern end of Munich's Ludwigstrasse. It is next to the Palais Preysing and east of the Hofgarten. Before it was built, the Gothic "Schwabinger Tor" (gate) was in that place. Friedrich von Gärtner built the Feldherrnhalle> He was requested to do so by King Ludwig I of Bavaria.

The Feldherrnhalle was a symbol of the honours of the Bavarian Army. It included statues of two military leaders; Johann Tilly and Karl Philipp von Wrede. Tilly led Bavarians in the Thirty Years War. Philipp von Wrede led the fight against Napoleon. The statues were created by Ludwig Schwanthaler.

R
A group by was added to the centre of the monument in 1892, after the Franco-Prussian War it represented the victory over France. The lions were created by Wilhelm von Rümann. They were added in 1906. 

The Feldherrnhalle was the scene of a conflict on 9 November 1923. It was between the Bavarian State Police and the followers of Adolf Hitler. This was the end of the Nazis' failed attempt to take over the Bavarian State. That is commonly referred to as the "Beer Hall Putsch". In the gun battle, four policemen and fourteen marchers were killed. Many more were wounded, including Hermann Göring. 

After the Nazis took power in 1933, Hitler turned the Feldherrnhalle into a memorial to the Nazis killed there. A memorial to the killed men was put up on its east side. It is opposite the location of the shootings. This monument was called the "Mahnmal der Bewegung". It was designed by Paul Ludwig Troost. The square in front of the Feldherrnhalle (the Odeonsplatz) was used for SS parades and rallies. New SS recruits took their oath of loyalty to Hitler in front of the memorial.

At the end of the war, the Feldherrnhalle was changed back to how it was earlier. Local people smashed the "Mahnmal der Bewegung" to pieces on 3 June 1945. In the 1950s, a plan to move Bavaria's memorial to the unknown soldier to the Feldherrnhalle was ended. There was concerns that neo-Nazis would meet at the site.

On 25 April 1995, Reinhold Elstner set himself on fire in front of Feldhernhalle. He did this to protest against "the ongoing official slander and demonization of the German people and German soldiers". 

Arnstorf

Arnstorf is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Arnstorf has 151 municipal parts:

Ruppertskirchen (Arnstorf)

Ruppertskirchen is a village in the municipality of Arnstorf in Rottal-Inn in Lower Bavaria in southern Germany. Ruppertskirchen is on the Simbach stream between Arnstorf and Simbach bei Landau on state highway 2112. Before the regional reorganisation in Bavaria in 1972 Ruppertskirchen was an independent municipality with 42 subdivisions. At that time Ruppertskirchen was the largest municipality in present-day Markt Arnstorf and, in terms of area, the largest in the old district of Eggenfelden. It had a railway stop on the old Landau–Arnstorf railway.

Aicha, Altmannskinden, Asbach, Bergham, Blumdorf, Bruckbach, Bruckmühle, Dingelsberg, Döttenberg, Eck, Ed, Eiselstorf, Freising, Furtschneid, Grafendorf, Hag, Holz, Kattenberg, Kolmöd, Kornöd, Lindach, Mühlberg, Niederlucken, Nömer, Picklöd, Puch, Püchl, Raisting, Reitberg, Schröttendorf, Sendllmeier, Sichenpoint, Siegerstorf, Sommerstorf, Staudach, Steindorf, Stelzenöd, Stockahausen, Volkstorf, Zenzlhub, Zwilling. 

Bad Birnbach

Bad Birnbach is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Bayerbach

Bayerbach is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.


Dietersburg

Dietersburg is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Francesco Paolo Fulci

Francesco Paolo Fulci (19 March 1931 – 21 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was born in Messina, Italy. Fulci was the Italian Ambassador to the United Nations between 1993 until 1999 during the Oscar Luigi Scalfaro presidency.

Fulci died on 21 January 2022 at the age of 90.

James Forbes (basketball)

James Ricardo Forbes (July 18, 1952 – January 21, 2022) was an American basketball player. He played for the United States national basketball team during the 1972 Olympics, where he won a silver medal. Forbes was born in Dale County, Alabama. He was drafted by the Chicago Bulls in 1974, but never played for them.

Forbes died on January 21, 2022 in El Paso, Texas from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 69.

Mace Neufeld

Mace Alvin Neufeld (July 13, 1928 – January 20, 2022) was an American movie and television producer. Neufeld was born in New York City. He produced "The Hunt for Red October", "Invictus" and "The Equalizer".

Neufeld died on January 20, 2022. He was 93.

John D. Hawke Jr.

John D. Hawke Jr. (June 29, 1933 – January 3, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance from 1995 to 1998 during the Bill Clinton presidency. He was the United States Comptroller of the Currency from 1998 to 2004 during the Clinton and George W. Bush presidencies. Hawke Jr. was born in New York City.

Hawke Jr. died on January 3, 2022 in Washington, D.C. from cancer, aged 88.

Lucky (Jason Mraz and Colbie Caillat song)

"Lucky" is a song by Jason Mraz and Colbie Caillat. It is the third single from Mraz's third studio album "We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things." Mraz and Caillat won the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. Mraz and Lil Wayne also did a remix of the song "Lucky" and later was released on Z100. 

"Lucky" first appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 96. On the same week it had a debut on the Pop 100 chart at 84 and moved to a peak of 48. The next week the song rose to number 84 on the Hot 100 and peaked at number 48. 

Mechanicsville, Virginia

Mechanicsville is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in Hanover County, Virginia, United States. The population was 36,348 during the 2010 census.

Ricki Seidman

Ricki Lynn Seidman (born August 24, 1955) is an activist and political adviser and a government official.

Seidman was born on August 24, 1955, to a Jewish family to Frank Seidman and Eileen Joan. 

Seidman graduated with B.A. from Miami University and got a J.D. from the University of Georgia School of Law. Upon completion she worked as a senior investigator for the investigation firm.

Blessing Annatoria

Blessing Annatoria Chitapa is a Zimbabwe-born singer who won the ninth series of "The Voice UK." 

She was auditioned for the ninth series of the Voice UK. She was then announced as the winner of the series after performing "Angels" by Robbie Williams in 2020.

Alstom R160A and Kawasaki R160B

The R160A and R160B are types of New York City Subway cars made by Alstom and Kawasaki. They were made in 2005 and delivered in 2006. By 2010 all units were in New York and were assigned to multiple routes on the New York City Subway. They are new technology types. The R160A is numbered from 8313 to 9974 and the R160B is numbered from 8713 to 9942. They were both built to run on the NYC Subway B division Lines (lettered services). There are 4 types of R160s, they are the R160A-1, R160A-2, R160B-1, R160B-2.

R142A (New York City Subway Car)

The R142A is a New York City Subway Car by Kawasaki. It was built and delivered from 1999 to 2003 , the R142A numbers are 7211 to 7810 and the R142 and R142A were the first series of New Technology Trains , it was built for operation on the NYC Subway A division (number services).

R188 (New York City Subway Cars)

The R188 is a New York City Subway Car by Kawasaki for the New York City Subway. This series is composed of 126 new cars built from 2012 to 2016 and 380 R142A conversation cars originally built from 1999 to 2002. The R188 are used by the A division and run exclusively on the IRT Flushing Line.

Committee Against Torture

The Committee Against Torture (CAT) is a group founded by the United Nations (UN). The Committee is a group of human rights experts that watch and supervise the United Nations Convention against Torture. The Committee is one of eight UN-related human rights agreements. All countries that have agreed to the Convention must send regular reports to the Committee on how human rights are being applied. Once a country has approved the Convention, they must send a report to the Committee in one year. After that, they must send a report every four years.

The Committee looks into each report and might tell the country some suggestions on how to improve their human rights. Sometimes, the Committee may think about complaints from people that say that their Convention rights have been broken.

Karna

Karna is one of the major characters in the epic Mahabharata. He is regarded as the Vaikartana in the epic Mahabharata. He is the son of the sun god Surya and princess Kunti (mother of the Pandavas), and thus a demigod of royal birth. 

He is known for his heroic acts as a warrior and the donor. 

Gas-s-s-s

Gas-s-s-s (on-screen title: Gas! -Or- It Became Necessary to Destroy the World in Order to Save It.) is a 1970 American science fiction black comedy movie directed by Roger Corman and starring Robert Corff, Elaine Giftos, Cindy Williams, Bud Cort, Talia Shire, George Armitage. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


Harold and Maude

Harold and Maude is a 1971 American romantic black comedy movie directed by Hal Ashby and starring Bud Cort, Ruth Gordon, Vivian Pickles, Eric Christmas, Tom Skerritt, Cyril Cusack, Charles Tyner. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and became a cult classic.


Hachijō language

Hachijō language is the language that is spoken in the island of Hachijō-jima in Tokyo.

Eduardo Flores

Eduardo Raúl Flores (23 April 1944 – 20 January 2022) was an Argentine football striker. He played for Estudiantes de La Plata in Argentina and Nancy in France.

Flores died on 20 January 2022 in Buenos Aires from cancer, aged 77.

The Adventures of God

The Adventures of God () is a 2000 Argentine fantasy drama movie directed by Eliseo Subiela and starring Pasta Dioguardi, Flor Sabatella, Daniel Freire, Lorenzo Quinteros, María Concepción César.

Clark Gillies

Clark "Jethro" Gillies (April 7, 1954 – January 21, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the New York Islanders and Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League between 1974 and 1988. Gilles was captain of the Islanders from 1977 to 1979. He won the Stanley Cup four years in a row with them, from 1980 to 1983. He was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2002. Gillies was born in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada.

Gillies died on January 21, 2022 at the age of 67.

Adolfo Lugo Verduzco

Adolfo Lugo Verduzco (24 March 1933 – 21 January 2022) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Lugo Verduzco was born in Hidalgo, Mexico. He was a Senator for Hidalgo between 1982 until 1987. He was also Governor of Hidalgo between 1987 until 1993.

Lugo Verduzco died on 21 January 2022 in Pachuca, Mexico at the age of 88.

Arthur Tarnow

Arthur Jeffrey Tarnow (February 3, 1942 – January 21, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan between 1998 until his death. He was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton. Tarnow was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Tarnow died at a Detroit hospital on January 21, 2022 from heart disease, aged 79.

Northern cardinal

The northern cardinal ("Cardinalis cardinalis") is a bird in the genus "Cardinalis"; it is also known as the redbird, common cardinal, red cardinal, or just cardinal. It can be found in southeastern Canada, through the eastern United States from Maine to Minnesota to Texas, New Mexico, Illinois southern Arizona, southern California, and south through Mexico, Belize, and Guatemala. 

The northern cardinal is the state bird of seven U.S. states, more than any other species: Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia. It was also a candidate to become the state bird of Delaware, but lost to the Delaware Blue Hen.

Subhash Bhowmick

Subhash Bhowmick (2 October 1950 – 22 January 2022) was an Indian footballer and manager. During his playing career, he played for East Bengal and Mohun Bagan. He also played for the Indian national team between 1970 and 1985. Bhowmick was born in English Bazar, Malda, West Bengal, India.

Bhowmick died in Ekbalpur, India on 22 January 2022 from problems caused by kidney disease and diabetes at the age of 71.

India

Bengal

East Bengal

Mohun Bagan

East Bengal
Churchill Brothers


Gianni Di Marzio

Gianni Di Marzio (8 January 1940 – 22 January 2022) was an Italian football manager. He was born in Naples, Italy. He was known for managing Napoli, Catania and Catanzaro. His managing career lasted from 1968 until 2016. Between 1963 until 1964, he played for S.S. Juve Stabia.

Di Marzio died in Padua, Italy on 22 January 2022, two weeks after his 82nd birthday.

Colm Keane

Colm Keane (1951 – 22 January 2022) was an Irish author, broadcaster and journalist. He wrote 29 books, including eight No.1 Irish best-sellers. He was born in County Cork, Ireland. In the 1980s, he was hired to work with RTÉ Radio 1.

Keane died on 22 January 2022, aged 70.

Karen Mayne

Karen Mayne (born April 6) is an American politician. She is a member of the Utah Senate from the 5th District since 2008. She became the state senate's minority leader in 2019. Mayne was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mayne is a member of the Democratic Party.

In January 2022, Mayne was hospitalized after falling at her home and suffered from a head and shoulder injury. She was later diagnosed with cancer.

Alta, Utah

Alta is a town in eastern Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Salt Lake City, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 228 at the 2020 census.

Saada prison airstrike

On 21 January 2022, an airstrike hit a prison in Saada, Yemen. It killed at least 100 people and injured more than 200 others.

Fighter jets from the Saudi military coalition bombed a makeshift prison in Saada province, killing at least 87 prisoners. Those injured in the attack are still being rescued.

Saada

Saada () is the capital city of Saada Governorate in north-western Yemen. Its population in 2004 was about 51,870. 

Ben Dunne Sr.

Ben Dunne (19 May 1908 – 14 April 1983) was the founder of Dunnes Stores.

Ben Dunne was born Bernard Dunne on 19 May 1908, in County Down, Ireland. When he was young, he would often pick berries and help at a butcher’s shop. He went to St. Mary's School until he was 14 years old.

In 1926, when he was 18, after deciding not to emigrate to the United States, Dunne moved to Drogheda and worked in Anderson's Drapery store there, he then moved to Cameron's Drapery Store in Longford before finally moving to Roches Stores in Cork in the mid–1930s, it was there he met his wife Nora Maloney, they married in 1939.

In 1944, Ben Dunne left Roches Stores to open his own store, Dunnes Stores, on Patrick's Street in Cork. Police were forced to deal with crowds on opening day. He made an agreement with Des Darrer until 1952, when Darrer rebranded the Dunnes Stores as Darrers Stores, it closed down in 2007.

In 1960, groceries were introduced to Dunnes Stores, and he saw a number of changes in the 1960s and 1970s, he died of a heart attack on 14 April 1983, at the age of 74.

Pseudis paradoxa

The paradoxical swimming frog, paradox frog, jackie, jacky, proteus frog, swimming frog, or paradoxical frog ("Pseudis paradoxa") is a frog that lives in Colombia, the Guianas, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, Bolivia, Trinidad, and Peru.

Most adult frogs are 45 to 65 mm long from nose to rear end, but some of them can be more than 75 mm long.

The skin on the frog's back is green toward the head and front. It is brown toward the rear end. It can have three or four brown lines. The frog's belly is white.

This frog eats insects and smaller frogs.

This frog mates after rain or other wet weather. The male frogs hide next to plants near the top of the water and sing for females. The females lay eggs that look like green froth on the top of the water.

If the mother frog lays eggs in a temporary body of water (the kind that dries up), the tadpoles turn into frogs quickly. If the mother frog lays eggs in a permanent body of water, the tadpoles stay tadpoles for a long time. These tadpoles grow to huge sizes.

The tadpoles of this frog can grow to be 22.0 cm long, much larger than the adult frogs. This is one of the largest tadpoles of any frog in the world. It is smaller when it is an adult than when it is a tadpole.

The name "paradox" here means "riddle" or "something backwards." For this frog, it means that the tadpole is larger than the adult.

Agra Fort

The historical fort of Agra is located in the Indian city of Agra. It was constructed by the Mughal Emperor Akbar between 1565 and 1573.

Up until the Mughals seized it during the Mughal Dynasty, until 1638, when the capital was moved from Agra to Delhi, it served as the primary palace for the Sikarwar clan of Rajput monarchs. 

It was also known as "Lal-Qila","Fort Rouge", and "Qila-i-Akbari".The Marathas were the last Indian kings to rule it before being taken by the British. 

The Agra Fort was officially listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983. It is located around 2.5 kilometers northwest of the Taj Mahal, it's more well-known sibling structure. 

The walled city is a better way to characterize the fort. 

The past of Agra Fort before Mahmud Ghaznavi's assault is unknown, just like the rest of Agra. However, the Chauhan Rajputs took control of it in the 15th century. 

Sikandar Lodi (A.D. 1487–1517), who relocated his capital from Delhi to Agra and built a few structures in the already-existing Fort at Agra, gave that city its position as the nation's capital shortly after.

The Mughals seized control of the fort and ruled from it after the First Battle of Panipat (1526 A.D.). Humayun was crowned there in A.D. 1530. Throughout the reign of Akbar, the fort acquired its current look.

Currently, it serves as a tourist destination and is maintained by the government.

US Bergerac rugby

The Union sportive Bergerac rugby valley of Dordogne is a French rugby union club. It is based in Bergerac, in the Dordogne department.

He is playing in Federal 2 for the 2021-2022 season. 

Paris Peace Accords

The Paris Peace Accords was a peace treaty signed on January 27, 1973. It was planned to end the Vietnam War and restore peace in Vietnam. Henry Kissinger and Lê Đức Thọ were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts. Lê Đức Thọ did not want it because there was not any peace. The agreement's rules were broken by both North and South Vietnamese forces. Two years later, this led to North Vietnam taking Saigon, then combined it into Modern Day Vietnam.

The Fairly OddParents: Fairly Odder

The Fairly OddParents or The Fairly OddParents: Fairly Odder is an live-action animated fantasy sitcom television streaming series based on the series of the same name set to premiere aired on Paramount+ in late March 31, 2022. The new series will follow Timmy Turner's cousin, Vivian "Viv" Turner, and her new stepbrother, Roy Ragland, as they navigate life in Dimmsdale with the help of their fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda.

Scota

Scota and Scotia are the names given to the mythological daughters of two different Egyptian pharaohs in Irish mythology and Scottish mythology. The legends vary but all agree that a Scota was the ancestor of the Gaels. They traced their ancestry to Irish invaders, called Scotti. The Scotti settled in Argyll and Caledonia. These area later became Scotland.

Ōno, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


Sakai, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


List of programs broadcast by Cartoonito

This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast on Cartoon Network and Max's Cartoonito (and its predecessor unbranded block and "Tickle U") in the United States.


Tsuruga, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


António Lima Pereira

António José Lima Pereira (1 February 1952 – 22 January 2022) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a central defender. Pereira made twenty appearances for the national team between 1981 until 1985. He was born in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.

Pereira died on 22 January 2022, aged 69.

Emerich Roth

Emerich Roth (28 August 1924 – 22 January 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born Swedish author and lecturer. He was known for his works about spreading information about racism and violence committed by the Nazis during the Holocaust. Roth was a Holocaust survivor and was sent to Auschwitz concentration camp.

Elio Pietrini

Elio Pietrini (2 January 1939 – 18 January 2022) was an Argentine-born Venezuelan actor. He appeared in many telenovelas. Pietrini was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was known for his role as Rubén in "Abigail". He also appeared in "Amores de fin de siglo" and "Destino de Mujer".

Pietrini died on 18 January 2022 in Miami, Florida from COVID-19, aged 83.

COVID-19 pandemic in Pennsylvania

The COVID-19 pandemic was first seen in the state of Pennsylvania in March 2020. As of January 22, 2022, almost 2,543,000 people had tested positive for COVID-19. In addition, as of the same date, almost 39,400 had died after testing positive.

The COVID-19 numbers improved slightly in late January 2022 in Pennsylvania.

As of January 22, 2022, most of the state's cases were in or near Erie, Pittsburgh, Allentown and York-Gettysburg-Lancaster.


Lucy Koh

Lucy Haeran Koh (born August 7, 1968) is an American politician and lawyer. She is the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit since 2021. She was nominated to the court by President Joe Biden. She is the first Korean American woman to be a federal appellate court in the United States. 

Koh was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California between 2010 until 2021. She was nominated to this court by President Barack Obama.

Cailleach

Cailleach, also known as Beara, was a goddess in Ancient Celtic mythology. She is often portrayed as the founding deity of Scotland. Cailleach is sometimes regarded as the daughter of the Irish moon god, Elier mac Delbáed. She was worshipped as a heavenly hag, and supreme being.

 ('old woman' or 'hag' in modern Irish and Scottish Gaelic) comes from the Old Irish ('veiled one'), an adjectival form of ('veil'), an early loan from Latin , 'woollen cloak'.

The Ventures

The Ventures are an American instrumental rock band. They were formed in 1958 in Tacoma, Washington, by Don Wilson and Bob Bogle. The band was a four member group that helped make the electric guitar popular in the United States and across the world during the 1960s. However, they were very popular in Japan.

John Rambo (athlete)

John Barnett Rambo (August 9, 1943 – January 8, 2022) was an American professional basketball player and high jumper. He won a bronze medal in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Rambo was born in Atlanta, Texas.

Rambo died on January 8, 2022 from a heart attack in Paramount, California at the age of 78.

Crooked Streets

Crooked Streets is a 1920 American spy drama movie directed by Paul Powell and was based on the short story "Dinner at Eight" by Samuel Merwin. It stars Ethel Clayton, Jack Holt, Clyde Fillmore, Clarence Geldart, Joseph Crowell and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Eggenfelden

Eggenfelden is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Eggenfelden is in the valley of the Rott at the intersection of B 20 with the B 388 and the beginning of the B 588. The city has two railway stations on the railway Passau - Neumarkt - Sankt Veit as well as an airfield (airfield Eggenfelden). Eggenfelden is about 56 km southeast of Landshut, 60 km south of Straubing, 70 km south-west of Passau, 84 kilometers north of Salzburg and 110 kilometers east of Munich.

The municipality Eggenfelden has 119 officially named districts:


Egglham

Egglham is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Ering

Ering is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

List of gay, lesbian or bisexual people: W–Z

List of gay, lesbian or bisexual people: W–Z.

Ellery Queen (TV series)

Ellery Queen is an American mystery drama series that aired on NBC. It was based on the fictional character of the same name and ran for one season and 22 episodes from 11 September, 1975 to 4 April, 1976. It starred Jim Hutton as the title character and David Wayne as the inspector.

Proterra Catalyst BE40

The Proterra Catalyst BE40 is a low floor, battery electric transit bus made by Proterra Catalyst. It was first made as the 40 - foot Catalyst BE40 at the 2014 APTA Bus and Paratransit Conference in Kansas City. Foothill Transit, the launch customer for the first generation bus, was the first to order the latest generation bus. The BE40 has Battery Electric Propulsion. This bus has probably retired from MTA NYC Transit because it was replaced by The XDE40 and the XE40.

M (New York City Subway service)

The M Queens Boulevard Local/Sixth Avenue Local is a rapid transit service in the B division of the New York City Subway. It’s route or bullet has been colored Orange , Since it uses the IND Sixth Avenue Line in Manhattan . The M operates on weekdays . But on weekends , it terminates at Essex St in Manhattan or Myrtle Av in Brooklyn. The M runs between Middle Village - Metropolitan Ave and Forest Hills - 71 Ave , it’s equipment is the Alstom R160A-1.

Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission

The Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission (FEACC) is a commission headquartered in Addis Ababa by the Government of Ethiopia. 
FEACC is responsible for controlling Ethiopia's corruption problems and making the country less corrupt and more lawful. The Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission is accountable to the Prime Minister of Ethiopia.

Under Proclamation No. 1236-2020 the Federal Ethic and Anti-Corruption Commission is charged with "it has become necessary to prevent corruption and impropriety and to create a society of good ethical values and moral which shall not condone but rather prepared to resolutely combat corruption; in order to arid, sustain the development, peace and democratic process in our country." The Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission has had the authority to press charges to individuals and has had brought charges to high-ranking government officials to high courts and businessmen in 2013. But later the role of prosecuting and investigation went to the Federal Police Commission and the Ministry of Justice.

The FEACC has the powers to register assets and has had to disclose the names of government officials to denied registering their assets to the FEACC. The FEACC under No.668/2010 has the authority to demand anyone including the President and Prime Minister of the country to register their assets to the FEACC and coming to their headquarters to do so.

The Federal Ethics Commission is "The Commission is comprised of various Directorates and three Services. The Directorates are:

The Commissioner’s Office and the Deputy Commissioner’s Office are also part of the Organizational set-up. The Commission currently has 282 staff members (164 male and 118 female)."

Osman Hussein (politician)

Osman Hussein Osman (born 1951) is a Sudanese politician. He became the Acting Prime Minister of Sudan in January 2022 after Abdalla Hamdok's resignation.

Léon Walras

Léon Walras (16 December 1834-5 January 1910) was a French economist. He started what is known as Lausanne school, or Marginalism today. He looked at market equlibrium. He started general equilibrium theory. For this, he looked at marginal utility: This is the added benefit of consuming another unit of an economic good. His thoughts are very important for Neoclassical econmics. In general equilibrium theory, he looked at a scenario, where there are (an unspecified, large) number of households and companies, who act on several markets: He postulated that what is true in one market, in equilibrium must be true for all of them: There is a system of price determination that has the property that supply and demand match on all markets. Abraham Wald could prove this hhypothesis only much later. Today, it is part of the Arrow–Debreu model. 

Hawaiian Kingdom

The Hawaiian Kingdom, or Kingdom of Hawaiʻi, was a sovereign state located in the Hawaiian Islands. 

The country was formed in 1795, when the warrior chief Kamehameha the Great, of the independent island of Hawaiʻi, conquered the independent islands of Oʻahu, Maui, Molokaʻi and Lānaʻi and unified them under one government. In 1810, the whole Hawaiian archipelago became unified when Kauaʻi and Niʻihau joined the Hawaiian Kingdom voluntarily. Two major dynastic families ruled the kingdom: the House of Kamehameha and the House of Kalākaua.

Major European powers recognised the country. The United States became its chief trading partner and watched over it to prevent some other power (such as Britain or Japan) from threatening to seize control. Hawaiʻi was forced to adopt a new constitution in 1887. King Kalākaua signed it, because the Honolulu Rifles, an anti-monarchist militia, thratened him. Queen Liliʻuokalani, who succeeded Kalākaua in 1891, tried to replace the 1887 constitution with a new one. She was but was overthrown in 1893, largely at the hands of the Committee of Safety, a group of residents consisting of Hawaiian subjects and foreign nationals of American, British and German descent, many of whom had been educated in the US, had lived there for a time. Hawaiʻi was an independent republic until the U.S. annexed it through the Newlands Resolution, on July 4, 1898. This created the Territory of Hawaii. United States Public Law 103-150 adopted in 1993 (informally known as the Apology Resolution), acknowledged that "the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii occurred with the active participation of agents and citizens of the United States" and also "that the Native Hawaiian people never directly relinquished to the United States their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people over their national lands, either through the Kingdom of Hawaii or through a plebiscite or referendum."

Jardins du manoir d'Eyrignac

The gardens of the Eyrignac manor are located in Salignac-Eyvigues, in the Dordogne, in the Périgord noir (New Aquitaine region). They received the Remarkable Garden label in 2005 and have been included in the additional list of Historic Monuments of the 17th and 18th centuries since 1986. They are located not far from the Caves of Lascaux and Sarlat-la-Canéda.

MARCOS

The Marine Commandos, abbreviated to MARCOS and officially called the Marine Commando Force (MCF), are the special forces unit of the Indian Navy and is responsible for conducting special operations.

Driving Miss Daisy

Driving Miss Daisy is a 1989 American comedy-drama movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the 1987 play of the same name by Alfred Uhry. It stars Jessica Tandy, Morgan Freeman, Dan Aykroyd, Patti LuPone, Esther Rolle, Joann Havrilla and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 9 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1990.


Pseudis fusca

The Pseudis fusca is a frog that lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

Religious experience

Sometimes people make experiences which they see in the context of a belief system. They call these experiences religious experiences, spiritual experiences, sacred experiences, or mystical experiences. William James made the concept popular, in the 19th century. He did this to fight the growing rationalism of Western society. 

In many religions, such experieces are called revelations. This also applies to the knowledge that comes from them. These religions say that a god or gods caused these revelations, and that they are not a result of a natural cause. They are considered real encounters with God or gods, or real contact with higher-order realities of which humans are not ordinarily aware.
Skeptics say that these religious experiences are a normal feature of the human brain. As such, they can be studied in the same way other features of the brain are studied. To better be able to study them, scholars have classified such experiences in different ways.

Psychologist and philosopher William James described four characteristics of mystical experience in "The Varieties of Religious Experience." According to James, such an experience is:



The notion of "religious experience" can be traced back to William James. He used the term "religious experience" in his book, "The Varieties of Religious Experience". It is considered to be the classic work in the field. At professional conferences, people often cite this book. James makes a difference between institutional religion and personal religion. Institutional religion refers to the religious group or organization, and plays an important part in a society's culture. Personal religion, in which the individual has mystical experience, can be experienced regardless of the culture.

The term has been used before James, though. In the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries, several historical figures said that religion and its beliefs can be grounded in experience itself. Many of these views had a lot of influence. Kant said that moral experience justified religious beliefs. John Wesley also thought that the religious experiences in the Methodist movement (paralleling the Romantic Movement) were a basis to religious commitment as a way of life.

The notion of "experience" has been criticised.

The term "Religious empiricism" is seen as highly problematic. Karl Barth saidf that the term was wrong altogether. Some influential modern scholars holding this liberal theological view are Charles Raven and the Oxford physicist/theologian Charles Coulson.

Robert Sharf points out that "experience" is a typical Western term, which has found its way into Asian religiosity via western influences. The notion of "experience" introduces a false idea of duality between "experiencer" and "experienced". In kensho there is no duality of observer and observed. "Pure experience" does not exist; all experience is mediated by intellectual and cognitive activity. The specific teachings and practices of a given tradition may even determine what "experience" someone has; this means that this "experience" is not the "proof" of the teaching, but a "result" of the teaching. A pure consciousness without concepts, reached by "cleansing the doors of perception", would be an overwhelming chaos of sensory input without coherence.


Bangladesh A

The Bangladesh A cricket team, simply known as Bangladesh A, also known as Bangladesh Emerging cricket team, is a cricket team representing Bangladesh, and is the second tier of international Bangladeshi cricket below the full Bangladesh national cricket team.

Bangladesh Cricket Board

The Bangladesh Cricket board (, also known as BCB, is the governing body of cricket in Bangladesh. The Bangladesh Cricket Board first became an associate member of the International Cricket Council in 1977 and on 26 June 2000 became a Full Member. The board has its headquarter at Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium in Mirpur, Dhaka.

Ben Giroux

Benjamin Scott Giroux (born October 24, 1984) is an American actor, director and producer. He is best known for portraying The Toddler in Henry Danger, The Adventures of Kid Danger and Danger Force on Nickelodeon, Mikey Munroe in Bunsen Is a Beast also for Nickelodeon and Little Zach in Hart of Dixie for The CW. He is also set to voice the main character in Big Nate from Nickelodeon on Paramount+.

Charlie Schlatter

Charles Thomas Schlatter (born May 1, 1966) is an American actor who has appeared in numerous films and television series. He is best known for portraying Dr. Jesse Travis, the resident student of Dr. Mark Sloan (Dick Van Dyke) on the CBS series Diagnosis: Murder and for starring in the big screen comedy 18 Again!, opposite George Burns. Since the 1990s, he continues to work mainly as a voice actor.

Flydubai Flight 981

Flydubai Flight 981 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Dubai International Airport, in the United Arab Emirates. On 19 March 2016, the Boeing 737-800 crashed while landing at Rostov-on-Don Airport in Russia. There were no survivors, a total of 62 people between passengers and crew lost their lives in the tragic accident.
The captain was 37-year-old Aristos Sokratous, from Cyprus. He had over 6,000 hours of total flying time, including 4,905 hours on the Boeing 737. Sokratous was promoted to captain a year and a half before the crash. At the time of the crash, he had intended to quit the airline after accepting a job from Ryanair, which would allow him to be based with his family in Cyprus. His wife was due to give birth to their first child a few weeks after the crash. According to several Flydubai staff members, Sokratous decided to leave the airline mainly because of fatigue and lifestyle issues.

The first officer, 36-year-old Alejandro Cruz Álava, was from Spain. He had more than 5,700 hours of flying time, with 1,100 of them on the Boeing 737. He started flying with Flydubai in 2013, two years before the crash, and had previously flown two regional airlines in the Spanish Canary Islands – Binter and Naysa – before joining the company.

According to the final report by the Interstate Aviation Committee (IAC), the accident flight was both pilots' first ever flight to Rostov. The captain had experience flying into other Russian airports, but the first officer did not.

List of programs broadcast by Toon Disney

This is a list of television programs that have been broadcast by Toon Disney (now Disney XD) in the United States. The channel was launched on April 18, 1998, as a spinoff of Disney Channel, and aired mostly syndicated animated programming, ranging from action to comedy.

The first program broadcast on Toon Disney was the Mickey Mouse segment from "Fantasia" titled "The Sorcerer's Apprentice". It was followed by a sampling of other Mickey Mouse shorts and episodes of "Timon and Pumbaa", "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Goof Troop", "TaleSpin", and "Aladdin".

The list does not include the programs that were introduced as Jetix, a block on Toon Disney that ran from 2004 to 2009.




European wars of religion

In the Protestant Reformation, a number of people criticizes the Roman Catholic Church. People such as Martin Luther, Jean Calvin, Huldrych Zwingli or Jan Hus were reformers: In the end, each of them had followers which started their own church. Today, most of these Churches are known as Protestant. In the European wars of religion, countries, but also local leaders fought for influence. Most of the time one side of the warring fraction was Catholics, the other was Protestants. 
Examples of these wars:

Nanda Saukhya Bhare

Nanda Saukhya Bhare is a Marathi language television drama series that aired on Zee Marathi from 20 July 2015 to 1 October 2016.


The series premiered from Monday to Saturday at 7.30 pm by replacing "Ase He Kanyadan".

Linear-feedback shift register

A linear-feedback shift register is a shift register which will produce a sequence of numbers. The next value of the sequence depends on the current value. Thie first value is usually called seed. Usually, the function XOR is used to link two consecutive values. Commonly, the function XOR is used on a bit-level. With n bits, it is possible to represent 2 numbers, so after 2-1 values the sequence will repat. In computing, linear-feedback shift registers are commonly used to compute pseudorandom numbers.
There are two common types:
Both are equivalent, but they produduce different sequences

Tuza Maza Breakup

Tuza Maza Breakup is a Marathi language television drama series that aired on Zee Marathi from 18 September 2017 to 11 August 2018.


The series premiered from Monday to Saturday.

Pasant Aahe Mulgi

Pasant Aahe Mulgi was an Indian Marathi language television program that aired on Zee Marathi from 25 January 2016 to 20 August 2016.

Pasant Ahe Mulgi is about the out-going Urmi and mischievous but sweet, Vasu. Pasant Ahe Mulgi will show us how a match made in heaven will face turmoil on earth when their families come face to face. Vasu’s father has strong religious beliefs, whereas Urmi’s family is a typical middle class family with contemporary thoughts. How will these two families with opposite thoughts come together? Will Vasu’s family like Urmi? Will the matching of minds be enough or will Vasu’s family ask for a girl with a perfect horoscope match for their son?


The series was broadcast from Monday to Saturday at 8 pm by replacing the show "Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi".

Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi

Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi (translation: "I Am Going To Be The Daughter-In-Law Of This House") is an Indian Marathi-language television show which aired on Zee Marathi from 15 July 2013 to 24 January 2016 and completed 808 episodes altogether. Written by Madhugandha Kulkarni and directed by Mandar Devasthali, the show stars Tejashree Pradhan and Shashank Ketkar in titular roles and is currently available online on ZEE5.
Kingdom of Serbia

The Kingdom of Serbia () was a country in the Balkans which was created when the ruler of the Principality of Serbia, Milan I, was proclaimed king in 1882. It Collapsed in 1918 and merged with Slovenia,Croatia,Bosnia,and Montenegro into the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes or better known as the Kingdom of Yugoslavia after the Austro-Hungarian Empire collapsed in 1918 along with the German Empire while the Ottoman Empire collapsed in 1923 after World War 1 .

Nick Diaz

Nickolas Robert Diaz born August 2, 1983 is an American mixed martial artist. He competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship UFC. Former Strikeforce, WEC and IFC welterweight champion. 


List of programs broadcast by Jetix (block)

"For list of Jetix programs around the world, see List of programs broadcast by Jetix."

This is a list of television programs broadcast on the Jetix blocks on Toon Disney and ABC Family.


NOAA Weather Radio

NOAA Weather Radio or NWR is an automatic 24-hour weather radio network broadcasted in the United States.

It plays weather information direct from a nearby National Weather Service office. It will normally play normal weather information. This includes weather forecasts. In the case of bad weather, it will play the watches and warnings.

Alen Simonyan

Alen Roberti Simonyan (Armenian:Ալեն Ռոբերտի Սիմոնյան; born 5 January 1980) is an Armenian politician. He is the President of the National Assembly of Armenia since 2021. In 2022, he became the Acting President of Armenia following the resignation of Armen Sarkissian.

Lavrentije Trifunović

Lavrentije Trifunović (; 27 January 1935 – 23 January 2022) was a Serbian Orthodox bishop. He was born in Bogoštica, Yugoslavia.

Trifunović was the Bishop of Šabac between 2006 and his death. He was Bishop of Šabac and Valjevo (1989–2006), Bishop of Western Europe (1973–1989), Bishop of Western Europe and Australia (1969–1973) and Vicar Bishop of Moravica (1967–1969).

Trifunović died on 23 January 2022 at a military hospital in Belgrade, Serbia, four days before his 87th birthday.

R. Nagaswamy

Ramachandran Nagaswamy (10 August 1930 – 23 January 2022) was an Indian historian, archaeologist and epigraphist. He was known for his work on temple works and art history of Tamil Nadu. He was a Director of the Tamil Nadu Archaeology Department from 1966 until 1988. He was awarded India's third highest civilian award the Padma Bhushan in 2018. Nagaswamy was born in Madras, India.

Nagaswamy died on 23 January 2022 at his home in Chennai, India at the age of 91.

Federal Police Commission

The Federal Police Commission is an Ethiopian federal government law enforcement agency. It was established in 1995 to serve and protect the public from crimes and terrorism. It is the equivalent to the FBI. It has the role to safeguard the constitution provide prosecution for federal crimes and possible help for the public peace at highly volatile times.

The Federal Police is equivalent to the FBI, ATF and other foreign agencies as one whole organization. It has the powers to prosecute criminals by its own and arrest also. They are the main law enforcement agency in the country and can enforce the majority of federal laws throughout the nation. They have taken lead in charging individuals suspected in corruption inside the country from the FEACC. 

There are 16 ranks in the FPC, the last rank is considered the highest rank which is the Commissioner General. The organization is under a parent ministry, the ministry of peace. 


Jean-Claude Mézières

Jean-Claude Mézières (; 23 September 1938 – 23 January 2022) was a French "bandes dessinées" artist and illustrator. He was known for his Wild West-inspired comics. His best known works were "Valérian and Laureline", "Lady Polaris" and "Canal Choc". Mézières was born in Paris, France.

Mézières died on 23 January 2022, aged 83.

Keto Losaberidze

Ketevan "Keto" Losaberidze (, 1 August 1949 – 23 January 2022) was a Georgian archer. She competed for the Soviet Union at the 1972 and 1980 Olympics. She won a gold medal in 1980, becoming the only Soviet Olympic champion in archery. She was born in Tqibuli, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.

Losaberidze died on 23 January 2022 in Tbilisi, Georgia, at the age of 72.

Barbara Krafftówna

Barbara Krafftówna, Barbara Krafft-Seidner (5 December 1928 – 23 January 2022) was a Polish actress. She appeared in more than 40 movies and television shows between 1953 and 2020. She was born in Warsaw, Poland. She was known for her roles in "Tonight a City Will Die" (1961), "How to Be Loved" (1963), "The Saragossa Manuscript" (1965) and "The Codes" (1966).

Krafftówna died in Skolimow, Poland on 23 January 2022, at the age of 93.

Hartmut Becker

Hartmut Becker (6 May 1938 – 22 January 2022) was a German actor. He played Sgt. Gustav Wagner in "Escape From Sobibor" in 1987. He also starred in the 1970 movie "o.k".

Becker died on 22 January 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 83.

Romualdo Coviello

Romualdo Coviello (8 May 1940 – 21 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party, the Italian People's Party, and Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1987 to 2006. He was born in Avigliano, Italy.

Coviello died in Rome, Italy on 21 January 2022, at the age of 81.

Avigliano

Avigliano (Lucano: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. 

José Augusto Curvo

José Augusto da Silva Curvo (27 August 1949 – 20 January 2022), also known as Tampinha, was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Social Democracy Party and later the Democratic Labour Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1991 to 1995 and again in 2016. She was born in Cuiabá, Brazil.

Curvo died on 20 January 2022, at the age of 72.

Heidi Biebl

Heidi Biebl (17 February 1941 – 20 January 2022) was a German alpine skier. Biebl won gold medal in the downhill at the 1960 Winter Olympics. She also competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics, finishing fourth. She was born in Oberstaufen, Bavaria, Germany.

Biebl died on 20 January 2022, at the age of 80.

Jouni Seistamo

Jouni Veli Juhani Seistamo (9 November 1939 – 9 January 2022) was a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He played for Tappara in the SM-liiga. Seistamo was born in Tampere, Finland. He was honored into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 1986. He also competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics. 

Seistamo died in January 2022, at the age of 82.

T.J. Dillashaw

Tyler Jeffrey Dillashaw born February 7, 1986 in Sonora, California. Is an American mixed martial artist. He is competing at the flyweight and bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is a former two-time UFC Bantamweight Champion.


Nokia 770 Internet tablet

Nokia 770 (has known name is: Nokia 770 Internet tablet) was an Nokia internet tablet developer of Nokia Corporation.

It was announced on May 25, 2005 and release of United States on November 3, 2005. In Canada on November 5, 2005 and United Kingdom on November 10, 2005.

In April 2008, Nokia announced they will be ended support of Nokia 770 Internet tablet, because was no longer after release in November 2005. In May 6, 2008, they will be ended of Nokia 770 sales in Nokia website. Nokia 770 was discontinued on May 18, 2008.


Thierry Mugler

Manfred Thierry Mugler (; 21 December 1948 – 23 January 2022) was a French fashion designer. He was born in Strasbourg, France. Mugler was openly gay. He was known for designing Demi Moore's dress from "Indecent Proposal". He also created a line of fragrances and perfumes called "Angel".

Mugler died on 23 January 2022 at his home in Paris, one month after his 73rd birthday.

Aroma compound

An aroma compound, also known as an odorant, aroma, fragrance or flavor, is a chemical compound that has a smell or odor. Examples of things that have an aroma compound can be perfumes or fruits.

Counter Terrorist Specialist Firearms Officer

The Counter Terrorist Specialist Firearms Officer (CTSFO) is a department within the Metropolitan Police of the UK. It doesn't only have jurisdiction in London but across the whole country. 

The CTSFO firearms officer have reasonability's in conducting warrant operations in London or other parts in UK for high-risk situations or counter terrorism operations across the Kingdom. They also escort high risk diplomats when entering the nation. 

CTSFO is the highest standard of authorized firearms officer within the National Police Firearms Training Curriculum (NPFTC). Both of them were established by the Metropolitan Police Service in 2012.

Robbie Moore

Robert David "Robbie" Moore (May 3, 1954 – January 6, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Philadelphia Flyers and Washington Capitals for the National Hockey League between 1978 until 1984. Moore was born in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.

Moore died on January 6, 2022 in Sarnia at the age of 67. 

Preet Chandi

Harpreet Kaur Chandi (born 1988 or 1989) is a British Army medical officer and physiotherapist. She is the first known woman of colour to finish a solo expedition to reach the South Pole. She finished her expedition on 3 January 2022.

Chandi joined the Army Reserves when she was 19 and then the British Army at 27. On 23 March 2013, she was a lance corporal. She received a Territorial Army commission as a lieutenant in the Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC). She was promoted to captain on 15 December 2016. 

She was commissioned into the Army Reserves in 2012 and joined the Regular Army in 2016.

Chandi began her solo expedition on 7 November 2021, leaving from Antarctica's Hercules Inlet. The journey to the South Pole involved travelling a distance of . Chandi was not the first woman to successfully complete a solo expedition to the South Pole, with the journey first being undertaken by Norway's Liv Arnesen. It was not until 1935 that the first woman, Caroline Mikkelsen walked on any part of the Antarctic continent.

Chandi completed her journey in 40 days, 7 hours and 3 minutes, making her the third fastest solo woman to reach the South Pole, behind Johanna Davidsson of Sweden and Hannah McKeand from Great Britain. Felicity Aston was the first solo woman and first person to only use muscle power to complete the challenge taking 59 days.


Takahiro Moriuchi

Moriuchi Takahiro ( born April 17, 1988, in Tokyo) is known as Taka, the lead vocalist of Japanese rock band ONE OK ROCK. He was listed as “50 Greatest Rockstars in the World” on Kerrang! magazine in 2017. He was a member of NEWS until he left the group in Earlier life

He was born as a first son between and . They are both well known singers in Japan. He went to Keio elementary school and continued to study at Keio middle school. In the first year of his middle school, he entered Johnny's office in 2001. He made his debut as a member of a group “NEWS” in September 2003.   He gained his career so quickly that he was bashed by the fans. They were saying that Taka gained his career because of his parents, not his skills. In December 2003, a weekly magazine posted a scandal. The subject was a suspicion of Taka drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes. He left Johnny's office after this scandal. In 2005, his parents divorced. He joined the band ONE OK ROCK in the following year. The group continued to grow and became famous around the world as a rock star.




Taka said he studied English pronunciation by listening to Linkin Park’s songs again and again. He is well known for his song “"New Divide"” from the movie “ <nowiki>"</nowiki>. Taka was planning to sing in his concert as a guest. However, the concert had been canceled due to Chester Bennington’s(Vocalist) sudden death. He attended “Linkin Park and Friends Celebrate Life in Honor of Chester Bennington <nowiki>"</nowiki> and sang “Somewhere I Belong” to mourn Chester’s death.


Taka saw this band when he was young and dreamed of becoming a bandman. Kenken (member of Rize) said that the band ONE OK ROCK was built mostly based on Rize in the interview. 


Fall Out Boy is a band from the early 2000s. Taka said in his interview that he was positively influenced by this band. He also played as an opening act in Fall Out Boy’s concert. The band is famously known for the song “"Immortals"” from the movie “"Big Hero 6"”. 


Hilario Candela

Hilario Candela (June 4, 1934 – January 18, 2022) was a Cuban-born American architect. He was best known for his design of the Miami Marine Stadium on Virginia Key, Florida. Candela was born in Havana, Cuba. He also helped design the Knight Center Complex and some campuses at the University of Miami and Miami Dade College.

Candela died on January 18, 2022 in Coral Gables, Florida from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 87.

2022 Abu Dhabi attack

The 2022 Abu Dhabi attack was a attack against three oil tanker trucks and an airport extension in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It was led by the Houthi movement using drones, ballistic missiles and cruise missiles. 

The attack was named "Operation Hurricane" by the Houthis. 3 civilians (two were Indian, and another from Pakistan) were killed and 6 others were injured by a drone attack. 

Houthi movement

The Houthi movement (; "al-Ḥūthīyūn" ), officially called Ansar Allah (' "Supporters of God") and simply known as Houthis, is an Islamist political and armed movement. It began in Saada in Northern Yemen in the 1990s. The Houthi movement is a Zaidi Shia majority force. 

Under the leadership of Hussein Badreddin al-Houthi, the group was an opposition to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh and participated in the Yemeni Revolution.

Since October 2023, the Houthis have been engaged in the Red Sea Crisis.

On January 6, Houthi launched an attack on the USS "Laboon", a destroyer in the United States Navy. Three days later on January 9, Houthi launched a series of drones and missiles at dozens of merchant ships, which caused the United States navy and United Kingdom's navy to respond. On January 14, the Houthis again launched an attack on the USS "Laboon". On January 15, Houthi launched an attack and struck the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Gibraltar Eagle". On January 17, Houthi launched a one-way suicide drone and struck the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Genco Picardy" in the Gulf of Aden.

Hussein al-Houthi

Badr al-Din al-Huthi (; –2004) was a Yemeni political and religious leader.

Badr al-Din was born in in Dahyan, Saada. He belonged to the Arab tribe of Huth.

He studied under the prominent scholar Majd al-Din al-Mu'yyadi.

In the 1970s–1980s, Badr al-Din gained scholarly reputation among the high-ranking clergy of Zaydi Shi'a in Yemen. (Salmoni, Loidolt, Wells 100).

Following the assassination of Husayn in September 2004, Badr al-Din briefly took over the leadership of the Houthi movement before transferring the office to his son Abd al-Malik.

House of Representatives (Yemen)

The House of Representatives ("Majlis al-Nuwaab") is the lower house of the Parliament of Yemen. It shares the legislative power with the Shura Council, the upper house. 

The Assembly of Representatives has 301 members, elected for a six-year term in single-seat constituencies. It is one of the few parliamentary chambers in the world to currently have no female representation.

Antonino Valletta

Antonino Valletta (7 October 1938 – 21 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Labour Federation, the Democrats of the Left, and the Socialist Party. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1994 to 2001. Valletta was born in Sant'Agapito, Kingdom of Italy.

Valletta died in Isernia, Italy on 21 January 2022, at the age of 83.

Sant'Agapito

Sant'Agapito is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region Molise. It is about west of Campobasso and about south of Isernia. 

Monarchy of Denmark

The monarchy of Denmark is a constitutional institution and a historic office of the Kingdom of Denmark. The Kingdom includes Denmark and its territories of the Faroe Islands and Greenland.

Denmark has had absolute primogeniture since 2009.

The Danish Act of Succession created on 27 March 1953 said that descendants from King Christian X and his wife, Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin cannot become king or queen, through approved marriages.


Prince Joachim of Denmark

Prince Joachim of Denmark, Count of Monpezat, (; Joachim Holger Waldemar Christian; born 7 June 1969) is a member of the Danish royal family. 

Prince Joachim was born in Rigshospitalet at Copenhagen, He is the younger son of Queen Margrethe II. He is currently fifth in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Prince Joachim first married Alexandra Manley in 1995. They have two sons, Count Nikolai and Count Felix. They divorced in 2005. Prince Joachim married Marie Cavalier in 2008. They had two children: Count Henrik and Countess Athena.

Titles and Styles 

7 June 1969-29 April 2008: His Royal Highness Prince Joachim of Denmark

29 April 2008-present: His Royal Highness Prince Joachim of Denmark, Count of Monpezat

Military Ranks 

Denmark 

-Sergeant (1988)

-Second Lieutenant of the Reserve (1989)

-First Lieutenant of the Reserve (1990)

-Captain of the Reserve (1992)

-Major of the Reserve (2005)

-Lieutenant-Colonel of the Reserve (2011)

-Colonel of the Reserve (2015)

-Brigadier General (2020)

National 

Orders and Appointments 

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (14 January 1972)

-Grand Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog (16 April 2004)

Medals and Decorations 

-Recipient of the Silver Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik (10 June 1992)

-Recipient of the Silver Jubilee Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 1997)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 75th Birthday Medal of His Royal Highness The Prince Consort (11 June 2009)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 70th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2010)

-Recipient of the Commemorative Ruby Jubilee Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 2012)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 75th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2015)

-Recipient of the Golden Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik (10 June 2017)

-Recipient of the Prince Henrik Commemorative Medal (11 June 2018)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 80th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2020)

-Recipient of the Commemorative Golden Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II (14 January 2022)

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross 

-Bulgaria: First Class of the Order of the Balkan Mountains (2006)

-Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland 

-France: Grand Officer of the Order of the Legion of Honor 

-Germany: Grand Cross 1st Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of the Phoenix 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon 

-Japan: Knight Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum 

-Jordan: Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Mexico: Sash of the Order of the Aztec Eagle 

-Nepal: Member of the Order of the Three Divine Powers (13 October 1989)

-Netherlands: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown (17 March 2015)

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav 

-Romania: Grand Cross of the Order of the Star of Romania 

-Spain: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit (24 October 2023)

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Polar Star 

Princess Benedikte of Denmark

Princess Benedikte of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, Princess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Benedikte Astrid Ingeborg Ingrid, born 29 April 1944) is a member of the Danish royal family. She is the second daughter and child of King Frederick IX and Queen Ingrid of Denmark. She is the younger sister of the reigning Queen of Denmark, Margrethe II, and the older sister of Queen Anne-Marie of Greece.

She is the widow of Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. They have three children. Princess Benedikte is currently 11th in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Titles 

29 April 1944-3 February 1968 Her Royal Highness Princess Benedikte of Denmark 

3 February 1968-13 March 2017 Her Royal Highness Princess Benedikte of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, Princess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

13 March 2017 Her Royal Highness Princess Benedikte of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, Dowager Princess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg


Black Forest ham

Black Forest ham () is a variety of dry-cured smoked ham produced in the Black Forest region of Germany. Since 1997, it can only be made in a well-defined geographical area. In the case of Black Forest ham, the salting, and curing needs to be done in the Black Forest. Most of the pigs used come from other regions of Germany, or the European Union. This only applies to the European Union, though. In the United States and Canada, there are different kinds of ham which are sold as "Black Forest ham": These are usually produced locally, and very often, the methods of producing them are different from the original of the Black Forest. 

In 2018, about 6. 1 million tons were produced. About 85 percent was sold through discount stores, about ten percent was sold through specialized retailers, and the remaining fice percent was sold through restaurants. 

Raw ham is salted and seasoned with garlic, coriander, pepper, juniper berries and other spices. After curing for two to three weeks, the salt is removed and the ham aged an additional two weeks. It is then cold-smoked using "local conifers and sawdust" at around for several days. It ripens in an air-conditioned room for several weeks, becoming almost black on the outside and acquiring much of its distinctive flavor. As a result it usually tastes very salty.

Black Forest ham is boneless and about one-fifth fat. It has a very pronounced flavor and is common in German cuisine. It may be eaten fresh, for example on "Holzofenbrot" or rye bread, with fruit, or used as an ingredient in cooked dishes. Whole pieces of Black Forest ham can be preserved for months when stored properly. It is typically served at room temperature.

Black Forest bacon () is bacon produced the same way, and comes in two categories: "Durchwachsener Speck" has several layers of meat, and half of it is fat; "fetter Speck" is almost completely fat. Both variants include the skin, called pork rind. The pork rind is too hard to eat, but it is cooked in some traditional German dishes, such as "Linsen mit Spätzle" or "Eintopf", to add its flavors to the food.

Unlike Black Forest ham, this is not a protected designation. 


Ratko Mladić

Ratko Mladić (, ; born 12 March 1942) is a Bosnian Serb convicted Yugoslav war criminal and colonel-general. He led the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) during the Yugoslav Wars. 

In 2017, he was found guilty of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for leading the Siege of Sarajevo and the Srebrenica massacre.

Ratko Mladic served in the Yugoslav Military from 1965-1996 he was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel in 1980 later a Colonel in 1986 . He was then promoted to Major-General in 1991 and in 1992 he became Lieutenant Colonel General.

Jean Laborde (politician)

Jean Laborde (8 March 1922 – 18 January 2022) was a French politician. Laborde was born in Bouzon-Gellenave, France. He took part in the French Resistance. In 1973, he was elected to the National Assembly. In 1977, he was elected Mayor of Auch. He retired from politics in 1995.

Laborde died in Auch, France on 18 January 2022 at the age of 99.

Ottman Azaitar

Ottman Azaitar (born February 20, 1990) is a Moroccan-German-French mixed martial artist. He competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He has won the BRAVE Combat Federation Lightweight championship one time.


Blood In Blood Out

Blood In Blood Out (also known as Bound by Honor and Blood In Blood Out: Bound By Honor) is a 1993 American Mexican epic crime drama movie directed by Taylor Hackford and starring Damian Chapa, Jesse Borrego, Billy Bob Thornton, Benjamin Bratt, Delroy Lindo, Danny Trejo, Ving Rhames, Lanny Flaherty, Raymond Cruz. It was distributed by Hollywood Pictures.


Ho Chi Minh City College of Stage Performance and Cinematics

Ho Chi Minh City College of Stage Performance and Cinematics is a college in District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The college provides college degree courses (3-3.5 years) in stage performance, cinematics. Most of the actors and actresses in Ho Chi Minh graduated from this college.

July 10, 1998: The Ho Chi Minh City College of Theater and Cinema was established on the basis of merging the School of Dramatic Arts II and the Vietnam Film School in Ho Chi Minh City, which was established in 5 years. 1977.

On February 11, 2007, Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung signed an opinion on the proposal to establish the Ho Chi Minh City University of Theater and Cinema under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. Department of upgrading the College of Theater and Cinema in Ho Chi Minh City under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.

On October 13, 2009, the school was upgraded to a university by the government's signed procedures.

In January 2010, the school held a ceremony to receive the official decision to establish Ho Chi Minh City University of Theater and Cinema.


Characters who studied at the school:



Deposition (aerosol physics)

Deposition is how an aerosol becomes a solid. It may be a wet or a dry process. 


Ice candle

Ice candle is a kind of candle made from water. It is fantastical and looks like a lamp-shade. It has been made in cold areas in winter. It melts quickly. 
The Ice candle was first made in Shimokawa, Hokkaido. In Shimokawa, there are few days in a year when the temperature is 30 degrees below freezing. The members of “Egg of Columbus”, which is a Town Development Idea Semester, had thought about some ideas on how people could enjoy a cold winter with snow. In 1985, they found a sentence, “...the flame moves in the ice block, it changes to the natural lamp-shade quickly, the flame in the natural and pale clear glass lights up in the garden fantastically...” This is from “Live in north literary calendar, Northern area column” written by Ryuichi Ito who was a professor of Hokkaido University of education. He wrote about the candle which is made by Scandinavian Finland children. The Egg of Columbus got some hints to create the Ice candle from that sentence. In 1986, the Ice candle was created. They put a wish for people to be able to spend winter happily in it. In 1987, the Ice candle was introduced on TV. From around that time, townspeople have made it at their own homes. Now, the Ice candle is known by Japanese people nationwide and loved by people living in cold areas.
To make the Ice candle, you need a bucket, water and a cold environment to freeze water.

At night the temperature is under -16 degrees, put water into the bucket, then get it outside and through the night. Next morning, turn it upside down and take out the ice if the water has almost frozen. Flow outside the water which couldn’t freeze. Put a candle into the hole of the ice. Not to break it, treat it carefully.

It can be made with original ideas. To color it food coloring or paints can be used. A milk carton or a balloon can be used instead of a bucket.

The Ice Candle Festival is one of the festivals which is held in winter. In this festival, the venue is illuminated by many Ice candles. The place of origin is also Shimokawa in Hokkaido. Two years later after the Ice candle appeared, the name of Shimokawa Winter Festival, which was already there, was changed to Ice Candle Festival. In this festival, the Ice candle was put not only at the venue but also at each house in the town. In total, about 7000 Ice candles were put in the town. In addition, people who go to the festival enjoy eating food outside while seeing the Ice candles. Now, the Ice Candle Festival is held in various places in Japan. Lake-Yamanakako Ice Candle Festival in Yamanashi prefecture and Mt. Nobeyama Plateau Ice Candle Festival in Nagano prefecture are also famous festivals.

Shimokawa in Hokkaido. 下川町. (n.d.). 下川町 -道北・”ワクワク”が生まれるまち-. SHIMOKAWA Town. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from https://www.town.shimokawa.hokkaido.jp/

Egg of Columbus. ウェブマガジンカムイミンタラ. (2005, August 1). ウェブマガジン カムイミンタラ ~北海 道の風土・文化誌 :まちづくりアイディア研究会 コロンブスの卵 下川 幻想的なアイスキャンドルの灯火の中に 過疎の逆境をはね返す活力が燃えてくる.1984-2010 Rinyu Kanko. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://kamuimintara.net/detail.php?rskey=49199203t01

History.  のーすもーる 北海道の森. (2004). 北海道下川町発祥★アイスキャンドル. Northmall. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://www.northmall.jp/shimokawa/icecandle/index.html 

How to make. しもかわ観光協会 SHIMOKAWA TIME. (n.d.). アイスキャンドルの作り方 | しもかわ観光協会. NPO法人し もかわ観光協会. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://www.shimokawa-time.net/event/ice-candle/ice-make/ 

Ice Candle Festival. しもかわ観光協会 SHIMOKAWA TIME. (n.d.). アイスキャンドル | しもかわ観光協会. NPO法人しもかわ 観光協会. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://www.shimokawa-time.net/event/ice-candle/

Ice Candle Festival. https://www.soumu.go.jp/main_sosiki/jichi_gyousei/c-gyousei/2001/kaso/pdf/h17hyousyou-01.pdf

Lake-Yamanakako Ice Candle Festival. RESORT STAY LAKE YAMANAKAKO AREA  山中湖観光ガイド. (n.d.). 山中湖アイスキャンドルフェスティバル（Ice Candles Festival). 山中湖観光協会 公式ホームページ. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from https://lake-yamanakako.com/event/10384

Mt. Nobeyama Plateau Ice Candle Festival. 長野県公式観光サイト Go N A G A N O. (2007). 第２５回野辺山高原アイスキャンドルフェスティバル | イベント情報. Go NAGANO 長野県公式観光サイト. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from https://www.go-nagano.net/topics_detail11/id=17529 

Pui Pui Molcar

Pui Pui Molcar is a stop motion animation. It was broadcasted on Japanese television and it has 01 to 12 series. Also every story has only about three minutes. Molcar means a car that is shaped like a Guinea pig. In this animation, they have their own characteristics and emotions. Also there are people who drive a molcar. Every character does not speak a word, but this animation is loved by a wide range of ages. The genre of this animation is comedy for children and it is stop motion animation.




This animation was created for children, but a wide age of people pay attention to it because of Twitter. The reason for increasing popularity is in every episode. Every story is not only cute, but also deep. The view of the world is pop, but people appear to have an ugly attitude. Also it has a parody of a movie. For example, Back to the future. These are the reasons more people attract. An animation history researcher mentioned that molcar's appearance, the story and heartwarming attitude made it interesting and popular.

An educational critic mentioned that the animation has no conversation, so understanding of the story in music, moving facial experiences are good for children to create imagination. Also mentioned, because of the pandemic people have more time to stay at home. That is why this animation is more popular. 


1.音楽ナタリー. (2021b、 May 26). 「モルカー」サントラジャケットに大迫力のポテト、めざまし ボイスの収録も決 定(動画あり). Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://natalie.mu/music/news/429820 

2. J-CAST. (2021、 June 14). 「PUI PUI モルカー」なぜ社会現象に? twitterでのブームを過 熱させた「3つの 要素」. Retrieved January 13、 2022, from https://www.j-cast.com/2021/06/14413656.html?p=all 

3. Flash. (2021、 February 2). 『PUI PUIモルカー』を尾木ママが分析! 大人にも子供にも大人 気の理由. Smart FLASH/スマフラ[光文社週刊誌]. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://smart-flash.jp/entame/130671 

4. Fashion press. (2021b、 September 2). パペットアニメ『PUI PUIモルカー』コラボカフェが東 京・大阪・静 岡・仙台にオープン. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.fashion-press.net/news/76907

MUJI

MUJI is a Japanese retail company which sells clothing, furniture, general merchandise, foods and so on.
MUJI is based on three core principles, which remain unchanged to this day:


They work hard on recycling, reducing production and packaging waste, and a no-logo or "no-brand" policy.

They think simplicity and emptiness yield the ultimate universality, embracing the feelings and thoughts of all people. 

1980 Seiyu Co., Ltd.’s private brand “MUJI” was born

1985 MUJI Business Division was established

1989 Established Ryohin Keikaku Co., Ltd.

1990 Transferred the business rights of “MUJI” from Seiyu Co., Ltd. 

1991 Started overseas expansion (first store in the UK, first store in Hong Kong)

1997 Received the PLMA (International PB Product Manufacturers Association) Excellence Award

2000 Established MUJI HOUSE Co., Ltd. (currently MUJI HOUSE Co., Ltd.)

As of August 2021, 497 MUJI stores were opened in Japan and 571 stores were opened in 32 other countries. 

China (299), Hong Kong (20), Taiwan (54), Korea (39)

England (7), France (7), Italy (6), Germany (8), Spain (4), Portugal (1), Ireland (1), Sweden (1), Poland (1), Switzerland (1), Finland (1), Denmark (1), US (10), Canada (9), 

Singapore (10), Malaysia (9), Thailand (22), India (3), Australia (5), Philippines (5), Vietnam (2), Kuwait (3), UAE (7), Saudi Arabia (5), Bahrain (2), Qatar (2), Oman (1)

MUJI contributes to the realization of a resource-recycling, nature-friendly society and a sustainable society through the products, services and activities it provides. 

As one of the examples, they collect unnecessary clothes at stores to circulate global resources and reduce waste. The collected clothes are recycled as raw materials for clothes, re-dyed and resold as "ReMUJI". As part of their efforts to reduce plastic waste, they have installed water dispensers in MUJI stores. This is a water supply service that uses tap water that anyone can use for free if people purchase a "bottle of water that you pack yourself" at the store or bring their own bottle.

MUJI wants to be a platform that responds sensitively to various issues that are occurring in society and solves them in a better direction from “conscience and creativity. This commitment drives them to various activities. Here are eight examples. 

The first one is “Resource Utilization”. As one of these activities, in order to support producers in areas where it is difficult to maintain paddy fields due to the aging of the population, they brewed sake by studying products with added value before general-purpose products, where prices are sluggish, with local people. 

The second one is “Building Connections”. This is a service for mobile sales in rural areas and direct delivery from production areas at online stores. 

The third one is “Public Design”. As a concrete example, In April 2015, MUJI set up sofa benches in the gate lounges and natural oak tables and chairs in the food court of the Narita Airport Terminal 3 to create a pleasant environment in which passengers can relax. 

The fourth is “Simple Food”. At MUJI Diner and Cafe & Meal MUJI, the person in charge goes to the production area and offers the ingredients selected. 

The fifth is “Reduce Waste”. One example is ReMUJI. This is an initiative to recycle products that customers have used for years and those products that are deemed unsellable as a result of a glitch during the manufacturing and distribution process. 

The sixth is “Social Initiative”. In Japan, MUJI provides support for earthquakes and heavy rain disasters, and in developing countries, they are working to revitalize the region. 

The seventh is “Long-lasting Homes”. MUJI Renovation Club and MUJI House provide a one-room space where people can easily change their life according to lifestyle changes and family growth. 

The last one is “Nature Conservation”. With the idea of “enjoying nature--naturally”, they operate three campsites and manage a total of approximately 700,000 tsubo of forests around the sites. 


Kemio

Kemio is a video creator who makes full use of SNS and is active in multiple fields. With humorous talk, he was respected by young people, and YouTube has more than 1.9 million subscribers (as of September 2021). He is 193 cm tall and is also active as a model. And he was followed by 1.1 million Instagram followers (as of September 2021). Currently based in New York, USA, his roommate Miles often appears in YouTube videos. 

He was born in Tokyo. His birthday was October 16th in 1995. He began his career in the entertainment industry when he was 18 years old. He first started up a short video in 2013. In a street interview on a TV program, he talked about posting a video to YouTube, it became a hot topic.

Study abroad in the United States

On September 12, 2016, he announced that he would leave Japan and move to the United States. From the end of 2016 to the beginning of 2019, while attending a language school in Los Angeles, he is active mainly on YouTube and SNS. On February 10, 2019, he announced on his YouTube channel that he would continue to be based in the United States. He currently lives in New York with his roommate Miles.







MIHA FES (March 30, 2019, Laforet Museum Harajuku) 



List A

List A cricket (also known as List A) is a classification of the limited-overs (one-day) form of the sport of cricket, with games lasting up to eight hours. List A cricket includes One Day International (ODI) matches and various domestic competitions in which the number of overs in an innings per team ranges from forty to sixty, as well as some international matches involving nations who have not achieved official ODI status. Together with first-class and Twenty20 cricket, List A is one of the three major forms of cricket recognised by the International Cricket Council (ICC). In November 2021, the ICC retrospectively applied List A status to women's cricket, aligning it with the men's game.

Kona coffee

Kona Coffee is one of the kinds of coffee that is made in Kona, Hawaii. And it is famous for being the second most expensive coffee in the world following the Blue Mountains. It is also rare and accounts for only less than 0.1% of all coffee production all over the world.

In 1825, the person who was one of the royal family of Hawaii went to Britain with the king of Hawaii and brought coffee plants on the way home. Those plants spread to many regions of Hawaii. In 1828, coffee plants were planted in the Kona region. After that, many farms were made there. But, because of pest damage and the price decline of coffee, most farmers quit their jobs. In this situation, Japanese immigrants moved to the Kona region and started to grow coffee to pay their land cost by coffee. This is the beginning of kona coffee. Now, Kona coffee is drunk at the dinner party in White House because this is the only coffee that is grown in America and the quality is quite high. 

Kona is one of the districts of Hawaii, and it is located western. Also, it is the only place which grows coffee in the U.S. states. It has a good natural environment for growing coffee thanks to some volcanoes that give soil many nutrients. Also, the unique oceanic climate of the Kona region, which is cooler and rains a lot more than that of flat ground, is good for growing coffee. Furthermore, there is a terroir that is called “ Kona coffee belt” that is around 32 km long and 3.2 wide area. In this territory, there are many farms and shops that sell Kona coffee directly from the farms and as much as 900,000 kg of coffee beans are harvested annually.

There are some blended Kona coffees that are made by mixing some kinds of coffee beans because 100% Kona coffee is quite expensive because of labor and land cost. In the Hawaii-grow coffee law, blended coffee that accounted for 10% of Kona coffee beans can be called Kona blended coffee. The coffees that have extra flavor like macadamia nut, vanilla and so on are also famous. Those flavor coffees are made by adding flavor during roasting.

This coffee has a less bitter taste and softly sourness. Because of its great sourness, this coffee is called “Queen of sourness”. You can feel the sweet and fresh smell like tropical fruits. Also Kona coffee is graded 5 stages according to the size of the beans. The bigger beans are graded better and those coffee beans have better taste. The biggest coffee beans are called “extra fancy” and there are only 15 % of Kona coffee. Following “fancy”, “No 1”, “select”, “prime”. Other coffee beans are called “ Hawaiian coffee”. Also, there are coffee beans which are called Peaberry. It is round beans although originally one is half round. Those coffee beans contain more nutrition.

J Church

J Church is a light rail line in the Muni Metro system, and is operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway.

Before the COVID-19 pandemic, the J Church begins service at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays and continues until 12:15 a.m. every night. Daytime headways are every 10 minutes, and 12 minutes on weekends.

Different from the other Muni Metro lines, there is not a corresponding overnight Owl bus during the hours that rail service is not running. 

Track work on the J Church line was largely completed in 1916. The service from Church and 30th Street station to Market Street and Van Ness Avenue started on August 11, 1917. Service went further along Van Ness Avenue to Pine Street on August 29, 1917; service to Pine Street was discontinued on May 31, 1918, with service along Market Street to the Ferry Building the next day. The new Transbay Terminal became the inner terminus for every other streetcar line on January 15, 1939, with all service going there after January 1, 1941.

As part of the creation of the Muni Metro system, streetcar operation switched to light rail operation on June 17th, 1981 – the last line to do so. While many streetcar lines switched to bus lines after World War II, the J Church avoided this due to the private right-of-way it uses between 18th Street and 22nd Street.

The outer end of the line was originally at Church and 30th Streets. It was where streetcars used a triangle of railroad tracks to turn back. Studies to further the line from its southern terminus had been made in the 1920s and 1970's. In 1990–91, the tracks were extended to the Balboa Park BART station and the Metro Center (Muni light-rail base), giving J-line cars a much shorter connection to the yard than before. The extension opened on August 31, 1991. But the new section was used only by light rail cars starting or ending their runs; all-day J-line service was not use the new tracks until June 19, 1993.

The line was temporarily through-routed with the surface section of the K Ingleside line from June 25 to August 24, 2018, due to the Twin Peaks Tunnel shutdown.

On March 30, 2020, Muni Metro service was replaced with buses due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Rail service returned on August 22, 2020, with the routes reconfigured to improve reliability in the subway. J Church service ran only on the surface. The J terminated at the inbound platform on Church Street at Market Street, requiring passengers to transfer between the J and subway trains. A mini-high platform was to be constructed on the inbound platform at Church and Duboce, and an outbound mini-high platform will be built on Church Street south of Market Street, which was to allow the J to be re-extended slightly to Duboce Street (with additional transfer to the N Judah) in October 2020. The forced transfer at Church station — which required J Church riders to cross two streets and use two elevators to transfer — was criticized by disability advocates and others.

Rail service was re-replaced with buses on August 25 due to some issues. J Church service on the surface-only Balboa Park–Church and Duboce routing resumed on December 19, 2020, while full service to Embarcadero station was put back on February 19, 2022.
Some stops have concrete boarding islands, while others require passengers to board from the street. Some stops have raised platforms for accessibility. While most other lines in the rail system can be run in two-car configurations, the J line is almost always run with a single car in order to provide enough space for the stops in the right-of-way, which are not long enough to have two light rail cars with open doors at the same time.

K Ingleside

The K Ingleside is a light rail line of the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. It mostly serves the West Portal and Ingleside neighborhoods. Opened on February 3, 1918, it was the first line to use the Twin Peaks Tunnel.

The K Ingleside line stops at concrete boarding islands in the middle of the street next to the tracks. Some stops have raised platforms for accessibility. Stations between West Portal and Embarcadero are only served by the outbound K. But, not the inbound K, as it switches to T at West Portal.

The K Ingleside begins service at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays, with the end of service around 12:30 a.m. each night. Trains on the weekdays are scheduled to come every 10 minutes. Trains on the weekends are scheduled to come every 12 minutes.

The San Francisco Municipal Railway (Muni) opened its K line along with the Twin Peaks Tunnel on February 3, 1918. The line ran from St. Francis Circle station along West Portal Avenue, through the tunnel, along Market Street to Van Ness Avenue (joining the J Church at Church Street). And along existing tracks on Van Ness Avenue to Pine Street. On June 1, 1918, the J and K lines were removed from Van Ness Avenue and went further along Market Street to a loop at the Ferry Building.

More changes to the service route followed until finally on December 17, 1980. It was when the K line was light rail operated, with service from Embarcadero Station to Balboa Park, on weekdays only. Weekend service continued to use PCC cars until September 1982. This was when the Muni Metro became fully operational.

From February 2001 to June 7, 2003, K Ingleside service was cut back to St. Francis Circle. It was also replaced by buses on Ocean Avenue for street repaving, and route reconstruction along Ocean Avenue. 

Following service changes on June 30, 2007, the K Ingleside and the T Third Street lines were combined inside the Market Street subway tunnel. Though keeping their line designations, resulting in an upside-down, horseshoe-shaped route from Balboa Park to Bayshore and Sunnydale. At West Portal Station, inbound K trains heading towards downtown change their signs to the T line; at Embarcadero Station, T trains heading into downtown change signs to the K line.


L Taraval

The L Taraval is a light rail line of the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. The line is currently not operating and replaced by buses through the end of 2024 for reconstruction along Taraval Street.

The line begins at Wawona and 46th Avenue station (near the San Francisco Zoo), which is on a one-way loop on Vicente Street, 47th Avenue, Wawona Street, and 46th Avenue. It runs north on 46th Avenue to Taraval Street, then runs east on Taraval Street to 15th Avenue. The line then runs south one block on 15th Avenue, then east on Ulloa Street to West Portal station, where it tags along with all the other Muni Metro lines towards Embarcadero station.

Before the COVID-19 pandemic, the L Taraval operates 7 days a week, with train service beginning at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays and running until 12:30 a.m.

Muni's L Taraval line opened as a shuttle from West Portal to 33rd Avenue on April 12, 1919. It went further west along Taraval Street to 48th Avenue at Ocean Beach on January 14, 1923; that October 15, the shuttle service was replaced with larger streetcars running through to the Ferry Building. The L Taraval went south (turning off Taraval at 46th) to the San Francisco Zoo, the line's current outer terminus, on September 15, 1937. Every other streetcar line was routed to the new Transbay Terminal on January 15, 1939; they went back to the Ferry Building on January 1, 1941, but the Transbay Terminal became the inner terminal for all streetcars on June 6, 1948.

The L switched to light rail operations as part of the opening of the Muni Metro system in 1980. While many streetcar lines switched to buses operations after World War II, the L Taraval remained a streetcar line due to its use of the Twin Peaks Tunnel.

The L Taraval Improvement Project, originally called the L Taraval Rapid project, was to improve street safety and speed up trains.
L Taraval Improvement Project construction began in August 2019. In September 2019, construction on the first phase of the project began. It took place between Sunset Blvd and 46th Avenue. The first phase was completed in July 2021. The second phase began in January 2022, with the second phase of the construction project taking place from Sunset Blvd to Ulloa St near West Portal station. This phase is expected to last through 2024.


M Ocean View

The M Ocean View is a Muni Metro light rail line in San Francisco. The line was established in 1925.

The M Ocean View begins service at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays, with the end of service occurring around 12:30 a.m. each night.

The M Ocean View line began operation on October 6, 1925, as a shuttle service from St. Francis Circle to Broad and Plymouth in the city's Ocean View District. It went through the Twin Peaks Tunnel to the downtown Ferry Building on October 31, 1927, but went back to a shuttle service on February 27, 1928. The shuttle service was replaced by buses on August 6, 1939, but streetcar service returned on December 17, 1944. On June 6, 1948, the Transbay Terminal became the inner terminus of the line.

While many streetcar lines switched to bus operations after World War II, the M Ocean View remained a streetcar line due to its use of the Twin Peaks Tunnel. On August 30, 1980, the line went further to Balboa Park BART station. The full line switched to light-rail operations with the opening of the Muni Metro system on December 17, 1980. 


N Judah

The N Judah is a light rail line of the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. The line is named after Judah Street that it runs along for much of its length, and is named after railroad engineer, Theodore Judah.

As with all Muni lines, service begins around 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. on Saturdays, and 8 a.m. on Sundays and holidays. Daytime headways are 10 minutes on weekdays and 12 minutes on weekends.

On January 10, 1998, Muni opened the Muni Metro Extension to 4th and King/Caltrain. It was originally served by a temporary shuttle service, the E Embarcadero, which ran between Embarcadero station and 4th and King/Caltrain. On August 22, 1998, the E Embarcadero line was removed and the N Judah line was extended to its place. 

A lot of service changes took place at the time when the T Third Street line began service in April of 2007. The N Judah was cut back to Embarcadero station; the surface part on the Embarcadero was served only by the T Third Street line, plus the J Church line at peak hours. The changes were unpopular with the public; they caused big delays in the Market Street subway and made N Judah riders transfer to reach the Caltrain station when they did not before. On June 30, 2007, Muni reversed several of the changes; the J Church and N Judah were put back to their previous routes.

Future plans, according to the SFMTA Rail Capacity Strategy, include a new subway tunnel that connects the Market Street subway to 9th Avenue. Additionally, the N Judah line will be rebuilt to run three-car trains. Further plans include a connection between the L Taraval and N Judah lines, which may run on 46th Avenue.


T Third Street

The T Third Street is a Muni Metro line in San Francisco, California. It is the first new light rail line in San Francisco in more than half a century and the first fully accessible line in the system.

Testing on the line took place in summer 2006, with limited service starting on January 13, 2007, and full service beginning on April 7, 2007. It runs along the newly constructed light-rail tracks on Third Street and Bayshore Boulevard in the Visitacion Valley, Bayview/Hunters Point, Dogpatch, and Mission Bay neighborhoods, connecting to the existing Muni Metro system along the Embarcadero and under Market Street.

In the future, the line may be going to Caltrain's Bayshore Station (to which it was originally planned to run) and, in the other direction, to San Francisco's Washington Square in North Beach through Chinatown Central Subway route.

The T Third operates seven days a week, beginning at 5 a.m. on weekdays, and 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays, operating until 1 a.m.

Following service changes on June 30, 2007, the K Ingleside and the T Third Street lines were combined inside the Market Street subway tunnel. Though keeping their line designations, resulting in an upside-down, horseshoe-shaped route from Balboa Park to Bayshore and Sunnydale. At West Portal Station, inbound K trains heading towards downtown change their signs to the T line; at Embarcadero Station, T trains heading into downtown change signs to the K line.

The underground section of the line was closed west of Castro station from June 25 to August 24, 2018, due to the Twin Peaks Tunnel shutdown. On August 25, 2018, at the end of the shutdown, Muni began running two-car trains on the K/T line.

Service on the Central Subway was initiated on November 19, 2022, with shuttle trains serving the four new stations. The T-Third will reroute north of the 4th and King Station starting on January 7, 2023. This change will disconnect the T from the K line, avoiding both King Street and the Market Street subway.


S Shuttle

The S Shuttle is a light rail line in the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. It runs through the entire Market Street subway and Twin Peaks Tunnel.

Muni introduced the S Castro Shuttle. This aimed to reduce crowding at the busy Castro station. The service began on April 2, 2001. At this time it was running only at peak hours on weekdays. It was discontinued in 2007 when the T Third Street line was opened. Service went further to St. Francis Circle station in 2013, but cut back to West Portal station in 2016.

A lot of service changes took place with the start of full service on the T Third Street line on April 7, 2007. The new line was routed through the subway to Castro station. It replaced the S Castro Shuttle; changes were also made to the J Church, N Judah, and several bus lines. The changes were unpopular with the public; the Muni Metro changes caused big delays in the Market Street subway, and forced many users to transfer to reach the Caltrain station when they did not back then. 

On June 30, 2007, Muni reversed some of the changes. The J, N, and S were restored to their previous routes. And the T was combined with the K Ingleside line.


E Embarcadero

E Embarcadero is a historic streetcar line that is the San Francisco Municipal Railway's second heritage streetcar line in San Francisco, California.

F Market &amp; Wharves

F Market & Wharves is a heritage streetcar line that is operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway in San Francisco, California.

Brave Combat Federation

Brave Combat Federation is the largest mixed martial arts MMA promotion in the Middle East and the fastest growing global MMA promotion. The organization was established on 23 September 2016 by Sheikh Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa. BRAVE Combat Federation features mixed martial artists from more than 40 nations in five continents. BRAVE Combat Federation events are aired though multiple media partners including El Rey Network, Combate, Myx TV, S+A ESPN 5 and Bahrain Radio and Television Corporation.In July 2021, BRAVE Combat Federation was nominated for the first time as Promotion of the Year on the World MMA Awards.


Battle of al-Hasakah (2022)

The Battle of al-Hasakah, also known as the Al-Hasakah riot is a current Islamic State attack and prison riot. IS are freeing their group's imprisoned fighters from al-Sina'a prison in the Ghuwayran area of al-Hasakah city. This city is under the control of the Kurdish Administration of northern Syria.

Battles previously occurred in al-Hasakah in 2015 and 2016.

Al-Hasakah

Al-Hasakah (, , ), is the capital city of the Al-Hasakah Governorate, in the northeastern corner of Syria. It is one of the ten largest cities in Syria and the largest in the governorate. It had a population of 251,570 in 2004.

Arnis Līcītis

Arnis Līcītis (8 January 1946 – 21 January 2022) was a Latvian actor. He was born in Riga, Latvia. His career began in 1965. His best known roles were in "Long Road in the Dunes" (1981), "Musketeers Twenty Years After" (1992) and "Dangerous Summer" (2000).

Līcītis died on 21 January 2022 in Riga ​at the age of 75.

Imants Kalniņš

Imants Kalniņš (born 26 May 1941) is a Latvian composer, musician and politician. He has written six symphonies, some operas (including the first rock opera in the USSR, "Ei, jūs tur!" ()), oratorios, cantatas, choir songs and movie scores. He was a member of the 5th, 7th, 8th, and 9th sitting of the Saeima from 1993 to 1995 and again from 1998 through 2010.

In 2021, Kalniņš received the Great Music Award.

Fatma Girik

Fatma Girik (12 December 1942 – 24 January 2022) was a Turkish actress and politician. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey. Her career began in 1957 and she retired in 2012. She was Mayor of Şişli between 1989 until 1994. Girik was known for her roles in "Karakolda Ayna Var", "Kız Kolunda Damga Var" and "Seviştiğimiz Günler".

Girik died on 24 January 2022 at a hospital in Istanbul from multiple organ failure caused by COVID-19, aged 79.

Grabill, Indiana

Grabill is a town in Cedar Creek Township, Allen County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,112 at the 2020 census.

Cedar Creek Township, Allen County, Indiana

Cedar Creek Township is one of twenty townships in Allen County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 13,684.

Mark Souder

Mark Edward Souder (July 18, 1950 – September 26, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Indiana from 1995 to 2010.

On May 18, 2010, Souder announced his resignation from Congress, after admitting to an extramarital affair with one of his part-time female staff members.

In January 2022, Souder was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died on September 26, 2022 at the age of 72.

Edward Śmigły-Rydz

Edward Śmigły Rydz was an important leader of Poland.

He was born in 1886 when Poland did not exist anymore and was partitioned between Austria, Prussia and Russia. Edward was born in the Austrian part. 

Śmigły was studied painting in Cracow and became a painter. During World War 1 he joined Józef Piłsudski's Legions that fought to bring Poland back.

Piłsudski respected him a lot and made him General of the Polish Army. After Piłsudski, the leader of Poland died in 1935, he became the new leader. When World War 2 broke out in 1939 he defended Poland against the Nazi and Soviet invasion.

He lost and had to leave Poland. During World War 2 Śmigły returned to Poland secretly and led a resistance group against the Nazis.

He died in Warsaw in december of 1941.

Cody Garbrandt

Cody Ray Allen Garbrandt Nickname "No Love" (born July 7, 1991) is an American professional mixed martial artist 
who currently competes in the Flyweight and Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. UFC Bantamweight Champion (One time).2017 Fight of the Year vs. T.J. Dillashaw.


Rupert Penry-Jones

Rupert William Penry-Jones (born 22 September 1970) is a British actor. He is known for his roles as Adam Carter in "Spooks", Clive Reader in "Silk", Joseph Chandler in "Whitechapel", and Mr Quinlan in the American horror series "The Strain". He played Mayor Don Mitchell in the 2022 DC Comics movie "The Batman".

Con O'Neill (actor)

Robert "Con" O'Neill (born 15 August 1966) is an English actor. He was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical and a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical for playing Michael "Mickey" Johnstone in the musical "Blood Brothers". He is known for his role as Viktor Bryukhanov in the mini-series "Chernobyl". O'Neill was also in the 2022 DC Comics movie "The Batman" as a police chief.

Jorge Masvidal

Jorge Masvidal (nickname Gamebred; born November 12, 1984 in Miami, Florida) is an American mixed martial artist. He currently competes in the lightweight and welterweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship. Masvidal has been competing professionally since 2003. he has also competed for Bellator, Strikeforce, Shark Fights, and World Victory Road. He holds the record for the fastest knockout in UFC history at five seconds, and holds the UFC BMF Championship belt.


January 2022 Burkina Faso coup d'état

On 23 January 2022, a gunshot was heard in front of presidential residence in the Burkinabé capital Ouagadougou. The soldiers was reported to have taken the control of military base in the capital. Although the government denied the ongoing coup in the country. However, several hours later, President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré was said to have been arrested by the soldiers at military camp in the country. The next day, Kaboré was removed from power.

It was reported that the internet in the country has stopped working. On 24 January 2022, it was announced that Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba was the coup's leader and would become the country's head of state.

Lassina Zerbo

Lassina Zerbo (born 10 October 1963) is a Burkinabé politician and scientist. He became the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso on 10 December 2021. Before, he was the Executive Secretary of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization. His term ended when the government was dissolved during the January 2022 Burkina Faso coup d'état.


Esther Hayut

Esther Hayut (; born 16 October 1953) is an Israeli judge. She is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Israel. She was sworn in on 26 October 2017.

Garig Gunak Barlu National Park

Garig Gunak Barlu is a protected area in Australia. It is located in Northern Territory of Australia. 

The name derives from the local Garig language, and the words "gunak" 'land' and "barlu" 'deep water.

Christophe Joseph Marie Dabiré

Christophe Joseph Marie Dabiré (born 27 August 1948) is a Burkinabé politician. He was the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso from 24 January 2019 to 9 December 2021.

Michel Kafando

Michel Kafando (born 18 August 1942) is a Burkinabé politician. He was transitional President of Burkina Faso from 2014 to 2015. He worked in the government as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1983 and was the Permanent Representative (Ambassador) of Burkina Faso to the United Nations from 1998 to 2011.

Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo

Jean-Baptiste Philippe Ouédraogo (born 30 June 1942) is a Burkinabé physician and retired military officer. He was President of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 8 November 1982 to 4 August 1983. He has retired from politics and works at a medical clinic.

Parks and Wildlife Commission of the Northern Territory

Parks and Wildlife Commission of the Northern Territory is the Northern Territory Government agency which aim for tasks such as the establishment of "parks, reserves, sanctuaries and other land", the management of these and the "protection, conservation, sustainable use of wildlife etc. 

Serge Korber

Serge Korber (1 February 1936 – 23 January 2022) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He directed 45 movies between 1962 and 2007. He was born in Paris, France. His movies include "An Idiot in Paris" (1967), "A Little Virtuous" (1968), "L'homme orchestre" (1970), "Perched on a Tree" (1971) and "Hearth Fires" (1972).

Korber died on 23 January 2022 at his home in Tarn, France at the age of 85.

Meier Schwarz

Meier Schwarz (28 January 1926 – 12 January 2022) was a German-born Israeli plant physiologist, academic and Holocaust survivor. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany. Schwarz was head of the Department for Soilless Cultures at the Jacob Blaustein Institute for Desert Research in Beer Sheva.

Schwarz was President of the International Society for Soilless Cultures (ISOSC), and founder of the Natural Sciences Department of Teacher Education at the Jerusalem College and the Jerusalem College of Technology. He also served as President of The International Society of Religious Researchers.

His family were able to manage Schwarz to migrate to Israel in 1938 before being killed at Auschwitz concentration camp.

Schwarz died on 23 January 2022 in Jerusalem, Israel, two weeks before his 96th birthday.

Megan Gale

Megan Kate Gale (born 7 August 1975) is an Australian model and actress. She modeled for Vodafone. She later became an actress. Gale played Fatma in "The Water Diviner" (2014) and Valkyrie in George Miller's "" (2015).

Game of Death Redux

Game of Death Redux (死亡遊戲 Redux) is a 2019 special features distributed with the movie "Game of Death (1978 movie)"
In 1978 the "Golden Harvest" has released "Game of Death" ("死亡遊戲"). The 1978 version uses portions of the original footage married to an entirely new plot. The revised version of the film uses only 11 minutes and 7 seconds of the footage from the original "The Game of Death (1972)".

But on 2019 producer "Alan Canvan" edited "Game of Death Redux". The edit only uses footage shot during the original production of "The Game of Death". The movie was released as a special feature in "The Criterion Collection's" Blu-ray box set of Bruce Lee films, on July 14, 2020.
It was presented closely the way Bruce intended. While at the same time, keeping in-tact some of the stronger as aspects of the universally panned, pieced together 1978 movie (known to fans as Game of Death ’78), such as John Barry’s acclaimed score, as well some of the film’s strong audio design.

There is a second version of "Game of Death Redux" on 2022. 
With the first version Alan Canvan had concentrated entirely on the flow of the piece. But he was not satisfied to how the shots were cut and how the music drove the narrative artistically. Canvan wanted a complete visual and sound restoration. So he got help from a new team. After a year the new Redux has been fully restored with a brand-new color grade and audio mix. Additionally, Chris Kent, who looped Bruce’s war cries for Robert Clouse’s Game of Death movie, lent his voice once again to match the audio portions from 1978. Finally, reworking a dozen sequences resulted in a much more concise and dramatic presentation of the narrative.

Canvan’s Game of Death Redux was the latest project that focused on Bruce Lee’s original 1972 storyline, a subject that was previously explored in John Little’s 2000 documentary, and Artport’s Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯 (released in Japan the same year), not to mention a series of fan edits that have been circulating the internet. All aforementioned edits use 1972-era The Game of Death footage that was initially discovered by Hong Kong film expert Bey Logan, who stumbled upon the footage in the now-defunct Golden Harvest studio vaults back in 1999.

The Game of Death ("死亡的遊戲") is an incomplete "Hong Kong" martial arts film, of 39 minutes (approximatley two minutes is missing from the beginning), filmed in 1972, directed, written, produced by and starring "Bruce Lee", as Hai Tien, with "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar", as Mantis, "James Tien", "Chieh Yuan", "Dan Inosanto", "Ji Han-jae" and "Hwang In-shik" (only a short footage outdoors). Unifinished because of Bruce Lee's death. Produced company "Concord Production Inc." and "Golden Harvest". The 1972 original footage it was distributed in 2000 by two documentaries, "" and " Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯" and 2019 by short film "Game of Death Redux". The 1972 original script it was distributed by short film "The Story".
During a search is discovered among the choreography writings, hand-written storyline, 12 pages in length and containing all scene breakdowns and select dialogue passages the original storyline stands in sharp contrast to the one presented in the film "Game of Death (1978 movie)". After the discovery of Lee's script notes in 2000 it was directed the short film "The Story". The movie is the storyline for "The Game of Death" and the missing part of "Bruce Lee"'s "The Game of Death", not played in 1972. Directed in "South Korea" by "John Little", distributed as a special feature in DVD of the documentary "".
First trailer in 1973 within the documentary "" where some exclusive fragments were shown.

Bruce Lee historian John Little released Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey, a documentary revealing the original footage of "The Game of Death". The documentary also includes a fairly in-depth biography of Lee and leads into the filming of "The Game of Death".
In 2000, the Japanese film-documentary "Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯" was released on DVD. This film shows the existing footage that was shot for the film before he died, interviews, and historical re-enactments of what went on behind the scenes.



Bellator MMA

Bellator MMA (formally Bellator Fighting Championships) is an American Mixed Martial Arts promotion based in Santa Monica, California. It is known for being one of the largest Mixed Martial Arts promotions in the world, following UFC.


Pseudis bolbodactyla

Pseudis bolbodactyla is a frog that lives in Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo in Brazil.

Geratskirchen

Geratskirchen is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Hebertsfelden

Hebertsfelden is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Julbach

Julbach is a village and municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. Julbach has 16 other settlements.

Kirchdorf am Inn

Kirchdorf am Inn is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. It lies on the river Inn.

Malgersdorf

Malgersdorf is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Massing, Germany

Massing is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Nate Diaz

Nathan Donald Diaz (born April 16, 1985) in Stockton, California is an American mixed martial artist, He competes at the Lightweight and Welterweight division of the UFC. Before signing with the UFC, Diaz competed in World Extreme Cagefighting, Strikeforce, and Pancrase. He has been in the UFC since winning The Ultimate Fighter 5.


Mitterskirchen

Mitterskirchen is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Mitterskirchen is in a small side-valley of the Rott, bordering on Upper Bavaria. Mitterskirchen is at the federal highway B588, about seven kilometers south-west of Eggenfelden, 18 kilometers north of Altötting, 23 kilometers north-east of Mühldorf, as well as 22 kilometers south-west of Pfarrkirchen. The next train station on the railway line Passau - Mühldorf is in Eggenfelden.

Postmünster

Postmünster is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Reut

Reut is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Roßbach, Bavaria

Roßbach is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Schönau, Lower Bavaria

Schönau is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Pinocchio (2022 live-action movie)

Pinnochio is a 2022 American musical fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis from a screenplay by Zemeckis and Chris Weitz. The film, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, is a live-action adaptation of Walt Disney's 1940 animated film of the same name, which is itself based on the 1883 Italian book "The Adventures of Pinocchio", by Carlo Collodi. The film stars Tom Hanks, Cynthia Erivo, and Luke Evans with Benjamin Evan Ainsworth, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Keegan-Michael Key in voice roles.

"Pinocchio" was released on September 8, 2022, by Disney+. The film received negative reviews from critics.

A hobo cricket named Jiminy Cricket enters the home of an elderly woodcarver named Geppetto, accompanied by his pet kitten Figaro and pet fish Cleo, and finds that he has completed work on a marionette puppet he names Pinocchio. When Geppetto decides to retire for the night, he makes a wish on a star. A few hours later, the star magically brings Pinocchio to life and he is soon visited by the Blue Fairy, who tells Pinocchio that if he acts brave, truthful and selfless, he can be a real boy and she also appoints Jiminy the responsibility of being Pinocchio's conscience to teach him right from wrong. When Geppetto awakens and finds Pinocchio alive, he is at first shocked, but becomes overjoyed.

After a few days, Geppetto decides that Pinocchio should attend school and sends him there. However, Pinocchio is soon approached by a con-artist fox and cat named "Honest" John and Gideon as they convince him that he should live a life of fame in order to truly be a real boy, when they really want to sell him to the puppet master Stromboli in exchange for wealth. Jiminy, who finds Pinocchio with the help of a seagull named Sofia, convinces Pinocchio to continue going to school. Unfortunately Pinocchio is thrown out of school on account of being a puppet, so he decides to go to Stromboli's after all and Jiminy can't stop him when John places a glass jar over him.

At Stromboli's theater, Pinocchio befriends one of Stromboli's employees Fabiana and her puppet Sabina. Pinocchio puts on a good show for the crowd as they throw their cash to him, but Stromboli locks Pinocchio in a bird cage to prevent him from ever leaving, wanting to exploit Pinocchio for all he's worth. Soon, Stromboli's coach ends up freeing Jiminy from the jar and when he enters the coach, he manages to help Pinocchio escape when Pinocchio has him reach the keys to the lock on the cage by telling lies since that makes his nose grow. Geppetto, Figaro and Cleo go out to look for Pinocchio when he fails to come home for dinner.

Soon, Pinocchio is swiped up by a coach full of children driven by a charismatic Coachman, who is taking the kids to Pleasure Island, an isle where misbehavior is encouraged. When they reach the island, Pinocchio slowly gets disturbed by the amount of cruelty the kids commit, much to the bemusement of an unruly boy named Lampwick. When Jiminy, who got separated from Pinocchio again, makes it to the island, he soon finds out that the kids their get turned into donkeys and the Coachman sells them to the salt-mines with help from his fog-like henchmen. Pinocchio witnesses Lampwick get transformed himself at a pool hall and he and Jiminy escape the island before the Coachman and his goons can get them, but not before Pinocchio gains a donkey's ears and tail.

Pinocchio and Jiminy make it back to Geppetto's but find that he's not home because Sofia gave him a flyer of Pleasure Island to let him know where Pinocchio is and that he sold all of his clocks to buy a boat to go there. While trying to find Geppetto, Pinocchio reunites with Fabiana and Sabina, who tell him that Stromboli has been arrested and they have taken over his puppet show. They offer Pinocchio to join them, but Pinocchio declines, wanting to save his father, which makes his donkey parts disappear. Sofia pulls a rope for Pinocchio to hold out to the sea, where they soon find Geppetto in his boat. Just as they reunite, they are swallowed by a giant sea monster named Monstro. They take refuge in a giant boat in Monstro's stomach, and Pinocchio gets the idea to make him sneeze by starting a fire within him. The plan is successful, and Monstro sneezes them out, but he gives a chase that ends with him and the group crashing on dry land and rendering Geppetto unconscious.

Pinocchio thinks Geppetto has died, and despairs before Geppetto comes to and soon tells Pinocchio that despite being a puppet, he has proven himself to be a true boy at heart for all that he's done, and they depart for home as Pinocchio slowly transforms into a real boy. Jiminy then breaks the fourth wall before ending the film.



Figaro the Cat, Cleo the Goldfish and Monstro the Sea Monster also appear.

Stubenberg, Bavaria

Stubenberg is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Inn, close to the border with Austria.

Tann, Bavaria

Tann is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 4,000 residents and is 15 km from the corner of Austria away.


Triftern

Triftern is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Unterdietfurt

Unterdietfurt is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Tomodachi Collection

Tomodachi Collection is a life and social simulator video game created for the Nintendo DS by Nintendo SPD. The video game is a prequel to the video game Tomodachi Collection: New Life or Tomodachi Life in other countries. The video game is only available in Japan for Japan DS's. This game features Nintendo's avatars featured on the Wii called Miis.

The game first starts the player on an empty island. On the island, you are to give the island a name. Afterwards, you must give your island a look-alike Mii that looks like you. Then you will feed them, give them another Mii to live with. After this is complete, the player is allowed to make as many Miis as they want to unlock other parts of the island such as an interior or clothing store. The game does not end, and you can play for as long as you want.

List of San Francisco Municipal Railway lines


Tomb of Nader Shah

Tomb of Nader Shah is a building in Mashhad, which is designed by Hooshang Seyhoun. This building is the grave and resting place of Nader Shah, Shah of Afsharid Iran.

Jon Jones

Jonathan Dwight Jones Nickname "Bones" (born July 19, 1987) in Rochester, New York is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is a former two-time UFC Light Heavyweight Champion, holding the title from March 2011 to April 2015 and from December 2018 to August 2020. Jones also held the interim UFC Light Heavyweight Championship.

He has recently moved up to the Heavyweight Division to fight Ciryl Gane.


Inge Scholl

Inge Aicher-Scholl (11 August 1917 – 4 September 1998), born in present-day Crailsheim, Germany, was the daughter of Robert Scholl, mayor of Forchtenberg, and elder sister of Hans and Sophie Scholl, who studied at the University of Munich in 1942, and were core members of the White Rose student resistance movement in Nazi Germany. Inge Scholl wrote several books about the White Rose after the war.

Elisabeth Hartnagel-Scholl

Elisabeth Hartnagel-Scholl (born 27 February 1920 in Forchtenberg as Elisabeth Scholl; died 28 February 2020 in Stuttgart) was the sister of Hans and Sophie Scholl.

Elisabeth Hartnagel (then Scholl) grew up together with her siblings Inge (1917–1998), Hans (1918–1943), Sophie (1921–1943) and Werner (1922–1944). Her siblings initially enthusiastically followed National Socialism and were members of the League of German Girls or Hitler Youth, but later became dissatisfied with the Nazi Regime.

Her siblings Hans and Sophie were arrested on February 18, 1943. Elisabeth found this out from the newspaper. Four days later, on the 22nd February, Hans and Sophie Scholl and their fellow student Christoph Probst were sentenced to death in Munich by the People's Court chaired by Judge Roland Freisler, who came from Berlin for the sole purpose of the trial. Around 5 p.m., the convicts were beheaded in Munich's Stadelheim Prison. At the funeral of Hans and Sophie Scholl on the 24th February, the parents and siblings Inge, Elisabeth and Werner were present. Three days later, on Elisabeth's 23rd birthday, the Scholl family was taken into custody in Ulm, Elisabeth Scholl fell seriously ill in "protective detention" and was released after two months. She was the first of the Scholls to be released from prison.

In October 1945, she married Fritz Hartnagel (1917–2001). Fritz had been Sophie’s fiance, and after the execution Fritz and Elisabeth had been brought together from their shared grief at their loss. Together the couple had four children. After the death of her sister Inge Aicher-Scholl in 1998, Elisabeth began to speak about her siblings at schools and other educational institutions. She was commited to keeping the memory of her brother and sister alive. She died on February 28, 2020, one day after her hundredth birthday.

Fritz Hartnagel

Friedrich "Fritz" Hartnagel (born February 4, 1917 in Ulm; died April 29, 2001 in Stuttgart) was a lawyer and soldier of the Wehrmacht during World War II. In the 1950s, Hartnagel, then a judge in Stuttgart, campaigned against the rearmament of the Federal Republic. He was Sophie Scholl's (unofficial) fiancée.

When Hitler first came to power Hartnagel was entranced by him and his vision for Germany. He volunteered for an officer career in the spring of 1936 after an early Abitur and was a professional officer of the Wehrmacht until the end of World War II.

In 1937, Hartnagel met Sophie Scholl at a dance event. Under Scholl's influence and after experiences on the front (including in the Battle of Stalingrad), Hartnagel changed from an enthusiastic soldier to an opponent of war and Nazi dictatorship. He supported the resistance activities with news about the course of the war and war crimes and with amounts of money (including 1000 Reichsmarks) although he never officially joined any reistance movements.

After the execution of Hans and Sophie on the 22nd February 1943 Hartnagel assisted the Scholl family. After the remaining Scholl family members were put into Sippenhaft (clan arrest), Hartnagel appealed for clemency for the Scholl family. After they were released, he supported them financially. 

On April 14, 1945, Hartnagel was captured by US troops and kept as a prisoner of war until September 1945. In October 1945, he married Sophie's sister Elisabeth Scholl, who he had grown close to after Sophie's execution.

In 1946, Hartnagel began law studies at the Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich (the same college Sophie Scholl had gone to.) He completed his studies and became a judge. He died on April 29, 2001, at the age of 84.

Atlanta Compromise

The Atlanta Compromise was an informal agreement, between the black people of the cotton-producing states of the United States, and the government of these states. It came after a speech by Booker T. Washington, given in 1895. The compromise is the following: The black people would tolerate means of racial segregation, most notably the Jim Crow laws. In exchange the white government of these states would allow them to get some basic education for free; this education was focused on technical jobs or basic training in jobs the industry needed. This would also improve the living conditions of the black people. Black people would no longer focus on fighting for equality, integration into society or justice. White people would finance educational institutions for black people, such as Tuskegee University. Even though people agreed on these points, their agreement was never written down. 

Shortly afterwards, around 1900, African-American leaders, such as W. E. B. Du Bois and William Monroe Trotter, said that black people should instead focus on the stuggle for civil rights. It was Du Bois who coined the term to Atlanta Compromise to refer to the speech by Booker T. Washington.

N-factorial

In mathematics, the formula_1-factorial is the generalized formula for the factorial.

When formula_2, it is called the double factorial, and generally it is written as formula_3.

Hamid Motahari

Hamid Motahari (Persian: حمید مطهری born 25 April 1974 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian retired professional football midfielderand who is Head Coach and now he is currently assistant of Yahya Golmohammadi in Persepolis F.C.

Hamid Motahari born 25 April 1974 in Tehran Iran.

Hamid Motahari is married and result of this life is a daughter named Harir.

Hamid Motahari is a former player and Iranianfootball coach.

He started his football career with the youth of Vahdat F.C. team and at the same time he played for the youth and adults.

He joined Persepolis F.C. after playing for teams such as Sepahan and Keshavarz F.C.

He was a player at Persepolis F.C. until the end of his playing career, but with a serious injury, his playing career ended very quickly.

He was playing in the Iran U-20 1991–1993 and the Iran U-23 1993–1995

Hamid Motahari joined the railway team in 2009 at the age of 35 as a coach and was present in the technical staff of this club for about 2 years as an assistant coach.

In 2014, he became the head coach of Omid Perspolis F.C.. 

After a year, he joined Saipa F.C. and in 2016, he signed a contract with Paykan F.C. and was the assistant coach of Majid Jalali in this team for two years.

After a short experience, he joined Nassaji Mazandaran F.C. and then was a member of the technical staff of Shahr Khodro F.C. from 2020-2019.

When Yahya Golmohammadi was in the Perspolis F.C. team, he also took Motahari to this team. 

Hamid Motahhari has been Yahya Golmohammadi assistant in Perspolis F.C. since 2020. 

Saba Qom F.C. 2007-2009 assistan

Rah Ahan F.C. 2009-2011 assistan

Saipa F.C. 2014-2015 assistan

Paykan F.C. 2016-2018 assistan

Nassaji Mazandaran F.C. 2019 assistan

Shahr Khodro F.C. 2019-2020 assistan

Motahari is now Yahya Golmohammadi's assistant in Perspolis F.C.





Life skills

Life skills are abilities which help people to deal with the demands and challenges that they face in life.

The World Health Organization in 1999 identified cross-cultural areas of life skills:


Most of the times children get life skills when they play or discover new things with adults.

Fordtown, Tennessee

Fordtown is an unincorporated community in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States, The community's name was adopted due to the number of people with the last name Ford, who lived in the area. It is accessed by the road named after it, Fordtown Road.

Orientalism

Orientalism by Edward Said is a discourse in which the Occident holds power over the Orient. It is through this power that the Occident can structure it how it wants to. It is an idea that the Eastern world and the Western world have opposite ways of thinking in terms of being and knowledge. This is often shown in the superiority of the West and the inferiority of the East. Edward Said first used the word this way in his 1978 book "“Orientalism”". 

Before the term Orientalism was used like this by Said, it had a different meaning. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the term Orientalism was used to describe the effects of the Orient’s influence on art, literature, and architecture fields. It basically referred to an academic study of the East by the West. This included the academic study done by philologists who were focused on the Oriental languages and the understanding of ancient Oriental texts. This knowledge was thought to be enough to understand Oriental civilizations. There was no interest to the everyday life of these Oriental communities and their customs and traditions.

Oriental art shows different elements which are seen as typical for this art direction. Furthermore, oriental art represents how Western people imagined the Orient. Additionally, there are several movies which included Orientalism, such as Aladdin.
The rise of Oriental art started in Venice in Italy. The city and the Ottoman Empire were at war from 1463 till 1479. Because of this, Venice needed to give money to the Ottoman Empire to keep sea trade. Also, in 1479, the venetian government sent Gentile Bellini to work for the sultan. Then Bellini started to work with the experiences and impressions he gained in the Ottoman Empire, He processed those in his paintings, when he was back in Venice in 1481. The interaction between Sultan Mehmed II and Bellini was the first historical meeting to express Orientalist art.

The second meeting was between France and the Ottoman Empire. Because of the “Franco-Ottoman Alliance” in 1536, many impressions and ideas emerged either of Europe or the Middle East. Because of this interaction between the two different continents, international goods became popular. As a result, the French painting style, Turquerie was created.

The third meeting is seen as the peak of oriental art. Because of Napoleon, France had power over Egypt rom 1798 till 1801. At this time, Egyptian products became popular in France.

In 1893, the institution called the Society of French Oriental Artists emerged. This institution supported the idea of oriental art. They also supported going to the Middle East to gain experience and impressions to use in their paintings. 

Lastly, oriental art started to get disliked in the 19 century. This was because the art was now often connected to discrimination. 

In general, this art style presents how western artists imagined the Orient to be. For example, how everyday life could look like in this region. Either they had visited the region, or they painted what the region could look like. 

Firstly, Oriental painters use mostly warm colours, such as yellow, orange or red. Another feature of these paintings is the use of shadows and light. 

Secondly, typical elements are nude women, harems, or mosques. 

Thirdly, oriental art can be seen in form of photography and so-called genre paintings. These presented everyday activities. 

Lastly, the paintings were mostly made by people from western countries. For example countries like France or Great Britain. Those states were controlling regions of the Middle East. By creating these paintings, these countries tried to promote themselves in the region. Furthermore, they presented the Orient as bad and disrespectful. 

An example of today is Aladdin. This movie shows how the producers of the movie expected the Orient to be and how the people in the region could look like. 

From the 19 century, the term Orientalism was used to mean an academic field. Here people had with a special job to study Oriental languages and sacred ancient texts. In the late 18 century and early 19 century, studies about Sanskrit, Persian, and Egyptian hieroglyphs became very popular. Many institutions were founded during this time to help support these studies.

Philology was considered to be the only necessary thing to understand Oriental civilizations. Orient was a big and not precise term. However, it was clear that the Orientalists studied mostly the Middle East rather than India and China. Over the time the Oriental studies were divided into more specific group such as “Near Eastern” and “East Asian” departments. Finally, at the beginning of the 20 century the term “Middle East” was invented by the US army.

The Orient: An area including most of present-day North Africa and Middle Eastern countries. 

The Occident: Western countries that had colonized the Orient. This in particular includes France, Great Britain and later the United States.

Colonialism: When countries take control of weaker countries.

Discourse: Discourse is a system of society. It produces knowledge and meaning. This production then creates processes that shape the things they talk about.

Cultural Hegemony: Cultural Hegemony by Antonio Gramsci, is a form of social control by the upper class over the lower classes. Here, ideas and opinions are enforced by them, so that the lower classes accept only the upper class’ opinions and not their own.

Postcolonial: A term which covers all affected by colonialism.

Summary:

The book Orientalism by Edward Said was published in 1978. In this book Said establishes his concept of Orientalism and gives a new definition for the term.

Before his book, Orientalism was a word used in academia to refer to the study of the region formerly labelled ‘the Orient’. The focus here was its culture and languages. The word also described all things that were created in this study about the Orient by the Occident. For example: books, articles, and art. 

In the first chapter, ‘The Scope of Orientalism’, Said gives a history of ‘Orientalism’ as an academic discipline. 

In the second chapter, ‘Orientalist Structures and Restructures’, Said shows the strong contrast that is created between the representations of Orient and the Occident. These representations come out of the academic study of Orientalism. He does this by analyzing texts by Silvestre de Sacy, and Ernest Renan. In the works that the Occident made about the Orient, the western countries were always shown as better. In contrast, the Orient was described as undeveloped and secondary. 

The last chapter of the book is called ‘Orientalism Now’. Said uses his theory of Orientalism to explain 19th and 20th French and British colonialism. Said explains that this can also explain American foreign policy in the Middle East. He says ‘area specialists’ are taking the role of the philologists of earlier centuries. In Said’s view, such ‘experts’ help reinforce the system of Orientalism in present day. This maintains the Western discourse of Orientalism into the 1980s.

The concept of Orientalism by Edward Said is made up of many different components. Said explains three approaches for how Orientalism is can be understood. First, Orientalism is an ‘academic discipline’. Here, Orientalism is a science, and the Orient is seen as a subject for studying. The Occident wants to classify and label the Orient through this study. This approach is how the West understands Orientalism. In their view it is only an academic discipline. 

The second approach is Orientalism as a ‘style of thought’. This means it is a way of thinking. It is based on the contradictions and contrasts that are formed by society between the Orient and the Occident. 

Lastly, Orientalism is an approach in which the West views the Orient as a political instrument. They want to use this instrument for ‘cultural and political domination'. They also use it to justify colonialism. 

It is only when all three of these approaches join, Orientalism becomes a discourse. In this discourse, Orientalism becomes the way the Occident holds power over the Orient. It is through this power that the Occident can structure it how it wants to. 

The origin of this type of Orientalism is the concept of the ‘Other’. Every culture creates an ‘Other’ to form their self-image. This comes from the definition of identity where one is what one is not. If the Orient is the undeveloped and bad ‘Other’, the Occident then is not. The Occident is then modern and good. The idea of the ‘Other’ sets the two against each other, causing fights.

Because of this, Said explains that the Orient was created by the West. It is not a thing, but just an idea. The idea is created in and for the Orient. Its culture is only what the West gives it. The Occident is also man-made. This is because it only exists in relation to the Orient. They are rely on each other. 

The West ‘created’ the Orient through their relationship of power and domination. This relationship is led by hegemony. Hegemony stabilises Orientalism. Only then can the relationship be maintained. Said argues that this is why the Orient was and is not free. 

Also, the Occident will only ever see the Orient in a wrong way. This is because of the ‘lens of Orientalism. This lens ruins all images, studies, and representations that the Occident makes about the Orient.

Impact:

Said’s idea of Orientalism has influenced many people. It has even been called one of the most influential books. Said’s definition of Orientalism has become the one most associated with the word. 

Because it made people look at colonialism in new ways, ‘postcolonial theory’ was born. It has also greatly influenced other academic fields, for example cultural studies, anthropology, political science, and history. 

Another example is feminist studies (academic study of women's position in society). Orientalism is a model that made it possible for people to analyze the very complicated identity of Middle Eastern women. This is also an example that Said’s theory of Orientalism gave opportunities to less advantaged people. 

Criticisms:

While Edward Said’s book and definition of Orientalism attracted much support, many rejected his ideas, for several reasons. 

Some said that Said was not the first person to talk about Orientalism in this way. There were similar books published before his. For example, "English speaking Orientalist" (1965) by Syrian academic Abdul Latif Tibawi and "The Myth of the Lazy Native" (1977) by Malaysian sociologist Syed Hussain Alatas. 

Others said Said’s Orientalism treats the Occident unfairly. They say it creates a wrong image of the West. This type of criticism is called ‘Occidentalism’. It was said that Said was doing the same thing to the Occident as he claimed the Occident did to the Orient. 

Said was also accused of being too limited in his analysis. He ignores German, Austrian, and Russian colonialism and orientalism. He also only considers a small part of the Middle East. Said even criticises himself for only looking at 19th and 20th century academic Orientalism.

The children Disney movie Aladdin from 1992, shows people living in the Orient in a disrespectful way. The images and song texts of the movie are showing stereotypes. They also show the typical motifs of oriental art. 

There are different common oriental art elements in the story of the movie. The name of the city Agrabah should just sound Arabic. It does not actually have any Arabic meaning. The idea of proposing a forced marriage to Jasmine is also a stereotype. The scenery of the movie is mostly in warm colours or blue. In the film you can see also camels, a desert and harems. 

The most obvious characteristics of the characters also present Orientalism. Aladdin speaks with an “American accent”. He is dressed almost topless. The female character, Jasmine, also has an American accent. She wears belly dancer clothing and owns a tiger as a pet. Both main characters are shown in a good manner. But they are both sexualised by showing them in less clothing. Other characters are characterised by a big, curved nose and a lot of facial hair.

The main characters are depicted in a westernised way. Because of this they are recognised as good in western societies. The other characters do not have western or American characteristics. They are then seen as bad. This means that people who do not share the same values or appearances as western people are directly seen differently and gross. 

Edward Said

Edward Wadie Said (1935-2003) was a Palestinian academic. He came up with the theory of Orientalism (1978) and wrote the book "Culture and Imperialism" (1993).

Said was born on 1 November 1935, son of Hilda Said and Wadie Said. He was born during the time the British ruled over Palestine. He was raised as a Christian Palestinian, though he would later become agnostic. He was trained as a pianist, though this was not the main focus of his career. 

Said attended St George's School, which is a British boys' school in East Jerusalem. He would later study in Victoria College, Alexandria, before moving to the United States. He graduated from Princeton University in 1957. He completed his master's degree and PhD at Harvard University.

Said published "Orientalism" in 1978. He published "Culture and Imperialism" in 1993. He was a leading founder of a field of academic study known as Postcolonial Studies.

Said died on 24 September 2003. The cause of his death was leukaemia.

Tanzimat

The Tanzimat was a period of reforms in the Ottoman Empire that began in 1839 and ended in 1876. It intended to modernize the Ottoman Empire, and allowed for religious freedom. Tanzimat means "re-ordering" or "restructuring" the relationship between the state and the different communities, which were named subjects. The period started with the publishing of the Tanzimat edict which was written by Koca Mustafa Reşit Paşa under the order of Sultan Mahmud II. The period began in 1839, after Hatt-ı Şerif. It was followed by Hatt-ı Hümayun in 1856. The Constitution of 1876 made these two edicts into law. These laws limited the power of the Sultan. Some of the reforms were influenced by those in British Empire and France.

The Hatt-ı Şerif was a proclamation, or edict, that was announced on 1856. It is considered the first act of the Tanzimat, which begun under Sultan Abdülmecid I.

It is also known as the Edict of Gulhane or Noble Script. The Hatt-ı Şerif proclamation included three main demands. It began to limit the Sultan's power and also to establish the basis for equality among citizens of the Ottoman Empire.

This edict was established 18 days after the Crimea War (1853) on 18 February 1856. It guaranteed that all subjects of the Ottoman Empire would have security of life, honor, and fortune regardless of their ethnicity or religion. It promised equality for everyone who lived in the Ottoman Empire. It also reformed the tax system and the military. One of the goals of the edict was to weaken the power of the local governors and lay the groundwork for the creation of a modern army.

The Land Code of 1858, also referred to as The Ottoman Imperial Land Code, modernized the taxation system and agriculture. It was divided into three sections, that included 132 articles. It changed the way people owned property. Individuals now had the right to own land. Before people farmed only to feed themselves and their family. With this change people began commercial agriculture to farm more food than they needed. They sold the extra food for money. This was good for the Sultan because he could collect more taxes. The Code added to the freedom of people who possessed land and made inheritance rules more fair for men and women.

In 1876, the Hatt-i Sherif and the Hatt-i Humayun were turned into law as part of the constitution. It was established during the reign of Sultan Abdulhamid II.

The constitution established two chambers of government, an elected chamber called the Chamber of Deputies, and a senate that was appointed by the Sultan.

The constitution was partly modelled on the 1831 Belgian constitution, which democratized some aspects of Ottoman society. However, the Sultan maintained significant amounts of power. The Sultan was able to declare war, appoint and dismiss ministers, approve law, and form and dismiss the Chamber of Deputies. These parts of the constitution meant that the executive branch of government - the Sultan - held significantly more power than the elected branch.

Another important outcome of the constitution was the declaration that all religions in the Empire were now equal citizens. Islam remained the state religion, however the system of the millet was abolished.

Bloomingdale, Tennessee

Bloomingdale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 8,918 at the 2020 census.
It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Bloomingdale is located at .

According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

As of the 2020 United States census, there were 8,918 people, 3,977 households, and 2,449 families residing in the CDP.

Shane Baxley

Shane Baxley (born February 13, 1986), is an American concept designer for media projects.

Baxley has created concept art for vehicles, characters and environments for movies and television programs, including "", "Bumblebee" and the "Loki" series, He has also worked on the Spike Jonze's award-winning Apple Home Pod commercial. Most recently he has contributed designs to James Gunn's "The Suicide Squad" including Starro and "The Thinker" as well as designs for the to be released "Peacemaker" series and "Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3". Other contributions \include "Star Wars" "Obi-Wan Kenobi", "Furiosa", "Black Panther 2" and "Blue Beetle".

Shane Baxley was born in Santa Clara, California. He graduated from Los Gatos High School in 2004. Having graduated from Art Center College of Design's Transportation Design Department.

In 2012, he worked as a freelance designer for several automotive and product design studios including: Gruppo bertone, Boombang, Design by Eleven and Astro studios before shifting to film. In 2014, he appeared in eight episodes of the reality show Motor City Masters.

In 2015, Baxley launched "Baxley Corp" which handles a wide array of design and art direction.

In 2019, during the Covid pandemic he created the motorcycle brand known as "BAX MOTO" which is currently seeking prototype funding.

Most recently he contributed a short story to the book "TRAVERSE: Vehicles From the Outer Rim of Imagination" which donated profits to the "Williams Syndrome Association".


Elizabethton, Tennessee

Elizabethton is a city in, and the county seat of Carter County, Tennessee, United States. Elizabethton is the historical site of the first independent American government (known as the Watauga Association, created in 1772).

The city is also the historical site of the Transylvania Purchase (1775) which was a major site during the American Revolutionary War for both the Battle of Musgrove Mill (1780) and the Battle of Kings Mountain (1780). It was within the secessionist North Carolina "State of Franklin" territory (1784–1788).

Elizabethton is located within the "Tri-Cities" area (encompassed by Bristol, Johnson City, and Kingsport) of northeast Tennessee.

Their time zone is Coordinated Universal Time (UTC): UTC-5 (Eastern Time).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.51%, is water.

Public Schools in Elizabethton are operated by Elizabethton City Schools. www.ecschools.net

Satellite campuses of Northeast State Community College and Tennessee College of Applied Technology are located in the eastern part of the city off Tennessee State Route 91.

Milligan College and Emmanuel Christian Seminary are located in the southwestern part of the city off Tennessee State Route 359.



Fall Branch, Tennessee

Fall Branch is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washington and Greene counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The population was 1,248 at the 2020 census. Some areas in Sullivan also use the Fall Branch ZIP code.

One of the earliest settlers at Fall Branch was Isaac White. He was a Revolutionary War veteran who arrived in the area in 1781. He eventually established a farm at what is now the intersection of Interstate 81 and State Highway 93. Another early settler, Gabriel Morgan, built a grist mill at Fall Branch in the early 1800s. The mill stood until the 1930s, when it was torn down.

By the early 1800s, Fall Branch was known as "Crouch Town", after a family of early settlers. The name had changed to "James' Cross Roads" by 1830, when a post office was established. The name "Falls Branch" had been adopted by 1854, and the "s" was dropped from "Falls" in 1883, giving the community its current name. The name was inspired by the waterfall the community's main creek, also called Fall Branch, spills over just before it empties into Horse Creek.

In 1836, Fall Branch was designated as the county seat of the proposed "Powell County", which would have consisted of parts of Washington, Greene, Sullivan, and Hawkins counties. While voters approved of the new county, it was rejected by the Tennessee Supreme Court on the grounds that it failed to meet the minimum size required by the state constitution for new counties.
A school, Fall Branch Seminary, was established at Fall Branch in 1842. Fall Branch High School, initially a two-year school, was established before 1900. The high school was consolidated with several other smaller schools to form Daniel Boone High School in nearby Gray in 1971.
A number of buildings dating to the 19th century still stand in Fall Branch. The Masonic Lodge, home to Johnson Lodge No. 274, was completed in 1869. The Joseph Sheppard House, constructed in the late 1850s, was believed to have been used to hide Confederate soldiers during the Civil War. The Bud White Home was constructed by a local physician, Jonathan Blair White, in 1869. The Hopper House, used as a boarding home for early Fall Branch Seminary students, was constructed in the first half of the 19th century.

One school is located in Fall Branch; Fall Branch School, which serves grades PreK–8 in the Washington County portion of the community. West Pines Elementary School (grades PreK–8) previously served the Greene County portion until its closure in 2019. Grades PreK-5 now attend Baileyton Elementary in Baileyton and grades 6-8 now attend North Greene Middle School in Ottway. High school students attend North Greene High School (Greene County portion) and Daniel Boone High School (Washington County portion).

Fall Branch is located off Interstate 81 exit 50, on State Route 93 near where Tennessee State Route 93 and Tennessee State Route 81 intersect South of Kingsport, north of Jonesborough and northeast of Greeneville.


Muni Metro

Muni Metro is a light rail system serving San Francisco, California, United States, operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway (Muni).

Muni Metro runs from approximately 5 am to 1 am weekdays, with later start times of 7 am on Saturday and 8 am on Sunday. Owl service, or late-night service, is operated on much of the L and N lines by buses that show the same route designation. 

On February 18, 1980, the Muni Metro officially began. It started with a weekday N-line service in the subway. The Metro service was put in phases. The subway was served only on weekdays until 1982. The K Ingleside line began using the entire Metro subway on weekdays on June 11, 1980, the L Taraval and M Ocean View lines on December 17, 1980, and the J Church line on June 17, 1981. Meanwhile, weekend service on all five lines (J, K, L, M, N) continued to use PCC streetcars operating on the surface of Market Street to the Transbay Terminal. The Muni Metro was closed on weekends. At the end of the service day September 19, 1982, streetcar operations on the surface of Market Street were discontinued entirely. The remaining PCCs taken out of service, and weekend service on the five light rail lines switch to buses for a while. Finally, on November 20, 1982, the Muni Metro subway began operating seven days a week.

, the L Taraval is replaced by bus service, while other routes have resumed rail operation.


Wörthersee Stadion

Wörthersee Stadion is a stadium in Klagenfurt, Austria. It is the home ground of SK Austria Klagenfurt .

The first Wörtherseestadion was built in 1960 as the home ground of the old SK Austria Klagenfurt with a capacity of 10,900. Although Austria Klagenfurt was relegated in 2004 the Carinthian government was for building a new stadium for the UEFA Euro 2008.

The new stadium was for 32,000 visitors. It was opened on 7 September 2007 with a a friendly match between Austria and Japan in front of 26,500 spectators. For the 2007-08 season FC Pasching was relocated to the stadium to ensure matches after the Euro 2008. Till the bankruptcy in 2010 Pasching played under the name SK Austria Kärnten in the stadium. 2010 the stadium was renamed Wörthersee stadium because the name sponsor so far ( Hypo Group Alpe Adria) was in economic troubles. The stadium is now the homeground of SK Austria Klagenfurt. It also hosted final matches of the Austrian Cup.

Since July 2022 it is named 28 Black stadium for sponsorship reasons.

The "Wörthersee Stadion" hosted 3 matches of Euro 2008.


Duvar (movie)

Duvar is a 1983 Turkish-French drama movie directed by Yılmaz Güney and starring Tuncel Kurtiz, Zeynep Kuray, Ayse Emel Mesci Kuray, Malik Berrichi, Nicolas Hossein, Ahmet Ziyrek, Jacques Dimanche, Jean-Pierre Colin, Ali Berktay.

Challenge Cup

The Challenge Cup was a tournament for football clubs of the Austro-Hungarian Empire It was played from 1897 to 1911.

It started in 1897 and was invented by John Gramlick. He was one of the founders of Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. The competition was for all clubs in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. All teams came from the three major cities Vienna, Budapest and Prague. It was played in a knockout format.

The trophy is now in the possession of its last winner Wiener Sport-Club. The Challenge Cup was played for the last time in 1911. Today it is seen as a early version of the Austrian Cup (first held in 1918).

Getting Even (1986 movie)

Getting Even is a 1986 American Cold War movie directed by Dwight H. Little and starring Edward Albert, Audrey Landers, Joe Don Baker, Caroline Williams. It was distributed by Vestron Video.


Dustin Poirier

Dustin Poirier Nickname "The Diamond" (born January 19, 1989 in Lafayette, Louisiana ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Featherweight and Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is a former Interim UFC Lightweight Champion (One time). In the lightweight division, he holds notable wins over former UFC champions Anthony Pettis, Eddie Alvarez, and Conor McGregor.


Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba

Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba (born 2 January 1981) is a Burkinabé military officer. He was the 4th President of Burkina Faso and Chairman of the Patriotic Movement for Safeguard and Restoration from January to September 2022. He removed President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré from power on 24 January 2022 during the 2022 Burkinabé coup d'état.

Damiba was removed from power by Ibrahim Traoré in the September 2022 coup d'état.

Nanobiotix

Nanobiotix is a biotechnology company. It uses nanomedicine to develop new radiotherapy techniques for cancer patients. The home office of the company is in Paris. Also, it has offices in New York and Massachusetts.

Nanobiotix is a spin-off of the State University of New York (SUNY) at Buffalo.

Marco Cappato

Marco Cappato (born 25 May 1971) is an Italian activist and politician. Cappato was an Italian Member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2009. He was a candidate for President of Italy in the 2022 elections.

Paolo Maddalena

Paolo Maddalena (born 27 March 1936) is an Italian lawyer and academic. He was a Judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy from 2002 to 2011. In 2022, he was nominated by members of the Italian Parliament as a candidate for President of Italy.

2022 Montenegrin pro-government protests

Protests began in Montenegro on 19 January 2022 against the proposition of URA to remove Prime Minister Zdravko Krivokapić and his cabinet from power. They are also against the formation of a temporary minority government. Since most ministers of the cabinet are close to Krivokapić, most ministers supported or attended these protests. 

The protests are being held in multiple cities such as Podgorica, Bijelo Polje and Berane. While most have been peaceful, there have been cases of violence at the protests, such as the assault of a reporter.

Krivokapić was removed from power in a motion of no confidence on 4 February 2022.

Sheldon Silver

Sheldon Silver (February 13, 1944 – January 24, 2022) was an American Democratic Party politician, lawyer, and convicted felon. He was Speaker of the New York State Assembly from 1994 to 2015. He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1977 to 2015. Silver was born in New York City.

Silver was arrested on federal corruption charges in early 2015, and resigned as Speaker of the Assembly shortly afterward. At his trial that November, he was convicted of all charges. Silver was resentenced in July 2020 to years in prison.

Silver died on January 24, 2022 at a prison hospital in Ayer, Massachusetts from problems caused by kidney disease, aged 77.

Ayberk Pekcan

Ayberk Pekcan (22 May 1970 – 24 January 2022) was a Turkish actor. He was born in Mersin, Turkey. His career began in 1995. He was known for playing Hıdayet in "Winter Sleep" (2014) and Erol in "Mustang" (2015).

Pekcan died on 24 January 2022 in Mersin from lung cancer, aged 51.

Szilveszter Csollány

Szilveszter Csollány (; 13 April 1970 – 24 January 2022) was a Hungarian gymnast. He was born in Sopron, Hungary. He won a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He also won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Csollány was hospitalised in November 2021 with COVID-19 and put on a ventilator in Budapest. He died from the infection on 24 January 2022, at the age of 51.

Caetano Veloso

Caetano Emanuel Viana Teles Veloso (; born August 7, 1942) is a Brazilian composer, singer, guitarist, writer, and political activist. Veloso first became known for his participation in the Brazilian musical movement Tropicalismo. Veloso has won nine Latin Grammy Awards and two Grammy Awards. He was born in Santo Amaro, Bahia, Brazil. His career began in 1957.

Vaccine hesitancy

Vaccine hesitancy is not supporting the use of vaccines and the spread of conspiracy theories against vaccines. Some believe that vaccines cause more harm than good. Others, specially parents of children with allergies, believe that kids are getting more vaccine than they actually needed.

"Anti-vaccination activism" is about the opposition to vaccination; in more recent years, anti-vaccinationists have been known as "anti-vaxxers" or "anti-vax". Vaccine hesitancy is difficult to understand and context-specific, varying across time, place and vaccines.

It can be caused by lack of proper scientifically-based knowledge and understanding about how vaccines are made or how vaccines work and psychological factors, including fear of needles or not trusting public figures and politicians. Some anti-vaxxers believe that vaccines cause autism, which is not true.

Vaccine hesitancy for infant is also associated with parents' health belief. Parents with higher education level would have their children vaccinated. On the other hand, kids from poorly educated family or who had believed that vaccine causes allergies are more likely to have their vaccination delayed by their parents. 
Religion also plays an important role in anti-vaccination. religious anti-vaccinationists would always refer vaccines as unnatural and therefore, unhealthy. Other anti-vaccinationists question about the need to those rare disease. It is ironic since the lack of disease is a result of successful vaccination 

Finally, the contradictory of scientific evidence also confused the public when making vaccine decisions. As the nature of scientific evidence encourages critical thinking and constructive supplements. This made the public struggle in believing the truth of existing vaccine science.

Theresa Amayo

Theresa Guichard Amayo Brasini (13 July 1933 – 24 January 2022) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Belém, Brazil. Her career began in 1953. Her best known roles were as Sonia in "S.O.S. Mulheres ao Mar" (2014) and Lillisa in "The Pilgrim" (2014). She also played Vitoria in the telenovela "Pecado Capital" (1975–1976).

Amayo died of kidney cancer on 24 January 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the age of 88.

Alon Wieland

Alon Carl Wieland (April 26, 1935 – January 22, 2022) was an American Republican politician and businessman. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives, from 2002 to 2014. He was the Commissioner of Cass County, North Dakota from 1983 to 2003. Wieland was born in Underwood, North Dakota.

Wieland died in West Fargo, North Dakota on January 22, 2022, at the age of 86.

Underwood, North Dakota

Underwood is a city in McLean County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 784 at the 2020 census.

Washburn, North Dakota

Washburn is a city in southern McLean County, North Dakota, United States. It is on the upper Missouri River. It is the county seat of McLean County. The population was 1,300 at the 2020 census.

Combined Statistical Area

Combined statistical area (CSA) is a term for a combination of nearby metropolitan (MSA) and micropolitan statistical areas (µSA) across the 50 US states and the territory of Puerto Rico that can demonstrate economic or social links. The OMB defines a CSA as consisting of various combinations of adjacent metropolitan and micropolitan areas with economic ties measured by commuting patterns. These areas that combine retain their own designations as metropolitan or micropolitan statistical areas within the larger combined statistical area.

Gernot Böhme

Gernot Böhme (3 January 1937 – 20 January 2022) was a German philosopher and author. He was the director of the Institute for Practical Philosophy in Darmstadt, Hesse from 2005 until his death. Böhme was born in Dessau, Anhalt, Germany. 

As a research scientist he worked at the Max-Planck-Institute with Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. From 1977 to 2002 he was Professor of Philosophy at Technical University of Darmstadt. 

Böhme died on 20 January 2022 in Darmstadt, at the age of 85.

Stephen Churchett

Stephen George Churchett (10 April 1947 – January 2022) was an English actor and writer. He was born in Bromley, Kent, England. His career began in 1969. He was known for playing Marcus Christie in "EastEnders". 

Churchett died in January 2022, at the age of 74.

Dick Halligan

Richard Bernard Halligan (August 29, 1943 – January 18, 2022) was an American musician and composer. He was best known as a founding member of the jazz-rock band Blood, Sweat & Tears. He won a Grammy Award in 1970. He composed the movie scores for "Go Tell the Spartans" (1978), "Cheaper to Keep Her" (1981), "Fear City" (1984), and the Chuck Norris movies "A Force of One" (1979) and "The Octagon" (1980).

Halligan died in Rome on January 18, 2022, at the age of 78. 

Bill Owens (Massachusetts politician)

William Owens (July 6, 1937 – January 22, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He was the first Black state senator in the Massachusetts State Senate. Owens was born in Demopolis, Alabama. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1973 until 1974. He was a Democrat. He was in the state senate from 1975 to 1982 and from 1989 to 1992.

Owens died on January 22, 2022 from COVID-19 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 84.

Lyudmyla Yanukovych

Lyudmyla Oleksandrivna Yanukovych (; née Nastenko; October 9, 1949) is a Ukrainian engineer. She is the ex-wife of fourth Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. She was the First Lady of Ukraine between 2010 until 2014. She has worked at the Yenakiyeve Iron and Steel Works, in the design and appraisal bureau. 

After her divorce from Yanukovych, she moved to Crimea.

Olena Zelenska

Olena Volodymyrivna Zelenska (born 6 February 1978) is a Ukrainian screenwriter serving as the first lady of Ukraine since 2019 as the wife of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

Olena Kyiashko was born on 6 February 1978 in Kryvyi Rih, Soviet Ukraine. She studied at Kryvyi Rih National University, where she met her future husband, Volodymyr Zelenskyy. In 2000, she graduated from Kryvyi Rih Technical University and received a specialist diploma. She also graduated from a music school with a piano class.

In 2003, she and her husband got married. They have two children named Oleksandra and Kyrylo.

On August 23, 2021, the First Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv at the initiative of Zelenska. Eleven first ladies from different countries joined the event. The main topic of discussion was the COVID-19 pandemic.

On 19 July 2022, Zelenska started her visit to the United States. On the first day of the visit, Zelenska met with the U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Samantha Power. 

On the second day of the visit, she held a meeting with U.S. First Lady Jill Biden at the White House. Zelenska was also met U.S .President Joe Biden and U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris.

Zelenska also addressed the U.S. Congress on the second day of her visit. She became first presidential wife of another country to address the U.S. Congress.

On 22 September 2022, Olena Zelenska presented her foundation at a charity evening in New York City during the 77th UN General Assembly.

The Foundation has three key directions: medicine, education and humanitarian aid.

She was honored as one of the BBC 100 Women in December 2022.

In November 2023, Zelenska was named one of the 25 most influential women in the world.

Sean Rad

Sean Rad (born May 22, 1986) is an entrepreneur and co-founder of Tinder, the online dating app. 

Rad was born on May 22, 1986 in Los Angeles, California. Rad began his studies at the University of Southern California (USC) but dropped out after two years. 

Rad started his first company, Orgoo an application for messaging and video chat integration tool in 2004. He also founded Adly an influencer social media management company in 2009.

Affiliated Computer Services

Affiliated Computer Services Inc. (ACS) was a company that provided information technology services as well as business process outsourcing solutions to businesses, government agencies, and non-profit organizations. ACS was based in Dallas, Texas. Founded in 1988, by Darwin Deason, ACS operated in nearly 100 countries, generating over $6 billion per year.

Affiliated Computer Services, Inc. (ACS) was founded by Darwin Deason in 1988. At first created as a data services provider to the financial services industry, Deason expand ACS's influence on the communications, education, financial services, government, healthcare, insurance, manufacturing, retail, and travel and transportation industries.

In 1995 ACS became a public company and stopped bank data processing. By FY 1996 ACS became the fourth-largest commercial outsource provider in the United States.

In February 2010, following its purchase by Xerox, ACS was replaced by Urban Outfitters on the Standard & Poor 500 Index.

On July 1, 2015, Xerox sold the IT Outsourcing business to Atos. Xerox pointed out that ITO did not line up with its vision of integration of BPO (business process outsourcing) and the legacy document handling concerns. On July 29, 2016, the US District Court for the Southern District of New York dismissed the suit at law by Matthew Sciabacucchi. The lawsuit contended that some Xerox Corp directors and officers had cancelled their duties because of purchasing ACS for $6.4 billion in 2010.

On January 3, 2017, a company called Conduent was spun off as a divestiture from Xerox. The business scope of Conduent was generally identical to that of the former Affiliated Computer Services (ACS).

In February 2020 efforts to take down the company's former headquarters building in Dallas failed.

In 2006, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reported ACS that they were conducting an informal investigation into certain stock option grants made by the company from October 1998 through March 2005. This was associated with the inadequate and unethical practice of reverse back-dating to specific low points available. ACS said the managers incorrectly backdated the price of grant options from 1994 to 2005.

During that time, ACS said they chose days on purpose the days when ACS's shares fell a dip as the effective date for the options, making them more valuable when exercised. Rich, King, and Edwards "used retrospect to select favorable grant dates," ACS said in a statement. CEO Mark King and CFO Warren Edwards, both involved in the wrongdoing. So they immediately resigned. The former CEO Jeff Rich previously retired at the beginning of the year.

Northern Territory Government

The Government of the Northern Territory of Australia, also referred to as the Northern Territory Government, is the Australian territorial democratic administrative authority of the Northern Territory formed in 1978. 

Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly

The Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly is the only chamber of the unicameral legislature of the Australian Capital Territory. It sits in the Legislative Assembly Building in Canberra.

Etchika Choureau

Etchika Choureau (19 November 1929 – 25 January 2022) was a French actress. She was known for her relationship with Hassan II of Morocco from 1958 until 1961. Her best known roles were in "Children of Love", "A Girl from Paris" and "Darby's Rangers".

Choureau died on 25 January 2022, at the age of 92.

Sverre Stensheim

Sverre Malvin Stensheim (31 October 1933 – 22 January 2022) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. He competed in the 30 km and 50 km events at the 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics. He came in fifth place in the 50 km in 1964. Stensheim was born in Oppdal, Norway.

Stensheim died on 22 January 2022 at the age of 88.

Luigi Manconi

Luigi Manconi (born 21 February 1948) is an Italian academic, journalist and politician. He was a Member of Senate of the Republic between 1994 until 2001 and again from 2013 until 2018. He was nominated by the Italian Parliament as a candidate for President of Italy in the 2022 elections.

Elisabetta Casellati

Maria Elisabetta Casellati, née Alberti (born 12 August 1946), is an Italian lawyer and politician. She was the President of the Italian Senate from 2018 to 2022. She is the first woman to have ever held this position. In 2022, she was nominated as a candidate for President of Italy by centre-right coalition. Election president, the crash of lawyer Casellati who was already seen at the Quirinale. She became Minister for Institutional Reforms in the Giorgia Meloni cabinet in 2022.

Ivanoe Bonomi

Ivanoe Bonomi (18 October 1873 – 20 April 1951) was an Italian statesman. He was the 25th Prime Minister of Italy from 1921 until 1922 and again during 1944 until 1945.

Enrico De Nicola

Enrico De Nicola, (; 9 November 1877 – 1 October 1959) was an Italian jurist, journalist, politician. He was the head of state of republican Italy from 1946 to 1948. He became the first president of Italy on 1 January 1948.

Laura Boldrini

Laura Boldrini, (; born 28 April 1961) is an Italian politician and former United Nations official. She was President of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy. She was the Spokesperson to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) for Southern Europe.

Giuseppe Saragat

Giuseppe Saragat (; 19 September 1898 – 11 June 1988) was an Italian politician who was the president of Italy from 1964 to 1971.

Giovanni Gronchi

Giovanni Gronchi, (; 10 September 1887 – 17 October 1978) was an Italian Christian Democratic politician. He was the president of Italy from 1955 to 1962.

Giovanni Leone

Giovanni Leone (; 3 November 1908 – 9 November 2001) was an Italian politician, jurist and university professor. He was a founding member of the Christian Democracy (DC). He was the president of Italy from December 1971 until June 1978.

He also was prime minister from June to December 1963 and again from June to December 1968. He was also President of the Chamber of Deputies from May 1955 until June 1963.

Leone was the first Italian president to resign for a scandal. In 1978, he was accused of bribery and these allegations were proven false.

Mariano Rumor

Mariano Rumor (; 16 June 1915 – 22 January 1990) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy (DC). He was the 39th Prime Minister of Italy from December 1968 to August 1970 and again from July 1973 to November 1974. 

Rumor also was Minister of Agriculture from 1959 to 1963, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1974 to 1976 and Minister of the Interior in two brief times, in 1963 and from 1972 to 1973. 

Rumor was also Secretary of the Christian Democracy from 1964 to 1969.

Nilde Iotti

Leonilde Iotti, commonly known as Nilde Iotti (; 10 April 1920 – 4 December 1999) was an Italian politician. She was a member of the Italian Communist Party (PCI). She was the first woman and only member of the PCI to become President of the Chamber of Deputies.

Irene Pivetti

Irene Pivetti (born 4 April 1963) is an Italian journalist, television presenter and politician. She has been President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1996.

Luciano Violante

Luciano Violante (born 25 September 1941) is an Italian judge and politician. He was a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 2008.

Gianfranco Fini

Gianfranco Fini (born 3 January 1952) is an Italian politician. He was the president of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 2008 to 2013.

Fausto Bertinotti

Fausto Bertinotti (born 22 March 1940) is an Italian politician. He led the Communist Refoundation Party ("Partito della Rifondazione Comunista") from 1994 to 2006. 

On 29 April 2006, he was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies, a position he held until 2008.

Montefalcione

Montefalcione (Irpino: ) is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.

Arthur Lira

Arthur César Pereira de Lira (born 25 June 1969), or simply Arthur Lira, is a Brazilian lawyer, farmer, businessman and politician. He has been the Federal Deputy for Alagoas since 2011. He is a member of Progressistas (PP). He is the President of the Chamber of Deputies since February 2021.

Rodrigo Pacheco (politician)

Rodrigo Otavio Soares Pacheco (born 3 November 1976) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He is the President of the Federal Senate since 2021 and of the National Congress of Brazil since 2019. He was in the chamber of deputies from 2015 to 2019.

Luiz Fux

Luiz Fux () (born 26 April 1953) is a Brazilian judge. He is the current Chief Justice of the Supreme Federal Court since 2020. He was appointed as a justice of the Court by President Dilma Rousseff in 2011 and had his nomination approved by the Senate. He is the first Jewish Brazilian member of the Court. 

He was a minister of the Superior Court of Justice.

Slade Brockman

William Edward Slade Brockman (born 27 March 1970) is an Australian politician. He has been a Senator for Western Australia since 2017, representing the Liberal Party. He was elected President of the Australian Senate in October 2021 following the resignation of Scott Ryan. 

Pseudis platensis

Pseudis platensis is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentina, and Brazil.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Pseudis paradoxa". They said it was a subspecies. They called it "Pseudis paradoxa platensis". Then, in 2007, scientists looked at the frog's genes. The genes of "Pseudis platensis" were different enough from "Pseudis paradoxa" to say it was its own species.

Andrew Wallace

Andrew Bruce Wallace (born 27 February 1968) is an Australian politician. He is the 31st Speaker of the House of Representatives since 2021. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2016.

Powa Technologies

Powa Technologies was a technology company, based in the United Kingdom. It is known for its commerce, mobile commerce and e-commerce services. The company’s flagship product was the mobile application "PowaTag". In February 2016, investment company Wellington Management appointed professional services firm Deloitte as administrators of Powa Technologies. 
Powa was founded in 2007 by British businessman Dan Wagner. The company got the largest Series A funding round for a technology start-up at the time, collecting $76 million in August 2013. The investment attracted the attention of David Cameron.

In June 2014, Powa Technologies bought Hong Kong business MPayMe and its ZNAP technology. So Wagner suggested that Powa had a business value of $2.6 billion.

In 2015, they announced that their planned LSE £1.6 billion float would be suspended until the year. By early 2016, the company had run into financial difficulties, missing payments to staff and third parties.

Its Hong Kong office did not pay its employees on time and its ex-employees within 7 days, with some employees having to seek help from the Labor Department. On 28 January 2016, Alessandro Gadotti became CEO of PowaTag in the effort of restructuring the business.

During his leadership, he also served as the Group's interim CEOs, supporting the process and the sale of the Group's companies. On February 19, 2016, Powa Technologies was transferred to management, and on February 23, 2016, Powa Technologies made 74 of its London-based staff redundant.

On 24 February 2016, Powa Technologies filed for bankruptcy and fired most of its employees. Wellington Management, an investment firm, has appointed Deloitte Professional Services as PowaTag administrators. 

PowaTag was a technology for mobile payments and mobile application by Powa Technologies. PowaTag was launched at a March 2014 event in New York by Powa CEO Dan Wagner. It was reported that at the time of launch, more than 240 retailers had signed up to use the service. However, later reports showed that most of the companies had only written non-binding Letters of Intent. 


Thanks to the application, users could shop with a smartphone, where the payment and delivery data are tied to a specific smartphone device. The app contained elements of QR code detection, audio recognition, and beacon technology. 

Audio watermarks in the form of insensitive tones embedded within radio, commercials, or live broadcast events were detectable by the app, that taking users to a mobile commerce store where you could make a purchase. 


Chief Justice of Australia

The Chief Justice of Australia is the presiding Justice of the High Court of Australia and the highest-ranking judicial officer in the Commonwealth of Australia. The current chief justice is Susan Kiefel, who is the first woman to hold the position.

Gerard Brennan

Sir Francis Gerard Brennan (22 May 1928 – 1 June 2022) was an Australian lawyer and jurist. He was the 10th Chief Justice of Australia, appointed by Prime Minister Paul Keating in 1995. Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser appointed Brennan to the court in 1981.

Murray Gleeson

Anthony Murray Gleeson (born 30 August 1938) is an Australian former judge. He was the 11th Chief Justice of Australia, in office from 1998 to 2008.

On 7 November 2008, Gleeson was appointed a non-permanent judge of the Court of Final Appeal of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Pekka Rinne

Pekka Rinne (born 3 November, 1982) is an Finnish former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for almost 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Nashville Predators. He also played for Oulun Kärpät of the SM-Liiga and for Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

During his career, Rinne was a very successful goaltender. Rinne won the Vezina Trophy in 2017. He also helped lead the Predators to their first Stanley Cup Final in 2017.

On July 13, 2021, Rinne announced that he was retiring from professional hockey. On February 24, 2022, the Predators also announced that Rinne's number 35 jersey would be the first jersey number to be retired in team history.


Robert French

Robert Shenton French (born 19 March 1947) is an Australian lawyer and judge. He was the twelfth Chief Justice of Australia, in office from 2008 to 2017. He has been the chancellor of the University of Western Australia since 2017.

Susan Kiefel

Susan Mary Kiefel (; born 17 January 1954) is an Australian lawyer and judge. She is the chief justice of Australia since 30 January 2017. She has been on the High Court since 2007. Kiefel is the first woman to serve as Chief Justice.

Wittibreut

Wittibreut is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Wurmannsquick

Wurmannsquick is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Zeilarn

Zeilarn is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Zeilarn is in the region Landshut in a Lower Bavarian landscape of hills directly along the B20 about 14 km southeast of Eggenfelden, 18 km northeast of Altötting, 20 km north of Burghausen, 17 km northwest of Simbach and 20 km southwest of the county town Pfarrkirchen. The nearest train station is in Marktl.

Zeilarn has 87 officially named districts:

Altendorf, Upper Palatinate

Altendorf is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Bodenwöhr

Bodenwöhr is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Bruck in der Oberpfalz

Bruck in der Oberpfalz is a market town in Schwandorf in the Upper Palatinate, Bavaria, Germany.

Burglengenfeld

Burglengenfeld is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 22 km north of Regensburg.

Dieterskirchen

Dieterskirchen is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

The neighbouring communities clockwise: Oberviechtach, Winklarn, Thanstein, Neunburg vorm Wald, Schwarzhofen and Niedermurach.

Fensterbach

Fensterbach is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Gleiritsch

Gleiritsch is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Guteneck

Guteneck is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Maxhütte-Haidhof

Maxhütte-Haidhof () is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 21 km north of Regensburg.

Clarivate

Clarivate Analytics is an independent US company founded in 2016 that manages databases, information systems, and intellectual property collections funded by a subscription to its services. The company is focused on scientific and academic research, patent analysis and legal regulation, pharmaceutical and biotechnological research, patents, and regulatory compliance; trademark protection, and domain and brand protection.

From 1992 until 2016, the company's intellectual property belonged to Thomson Reuters, because it was a branch of IP & Science. On October 3, 2016, it jumped into an independent company.

The purpose of the company to select, analyze and provide high-quality information for scientists, teachers, publishers, librarians, doctors, patent staff, market stomach, managers, etc.

Clarivate is quickly developing due to numerous acquisitions: 5 years since the foundation of Clarivate bought more than 10 of information services companies. In some cases, Clarivate bought, despite increased antimonopoly worsens, companies that were direct competitors to each other. Perhaps the most notable example of this was the purchase of ProQuest for $5.3 billion in December 2021, which was a Competitor Web of Science, Clarivate owned since 2017.

Clarivate reported its gross profit margin as 64% (in 2019) and its EBIDTA profit margin as 45% (in 2021), which places it in the range of entertainment software and tobacco industries, and ahead of pharmaceutical, oil/gas and cell phone industries.


Nabburg

Nabburg is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 23 km east of Amberg.

28 districts belong to Nabburg.:

Neukirchen-Balbini

Neukirchen-Balbini is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 NFL season

The 2021 NFL season was the 102nd season of the National Football League (NFL). This is the first season to have 17 games. The regular season games started on September 9, 2021. The regular season games ended on January 9, 2022. The playoffs started on January 15 and ended with Super Bowl LVI on February 13.

Guillermo del Toro's Pinnochio

Guillermo del Toro's Pinnochio (also known as simply just Pinnochio) is an upcoming stop-motion animated musical fantasy film. It is directed by by Guillermo del Toro and Mark Gustafson. It is based on Gris Grimly's design from his 2002 edition of the 1883 Italian novel "The Adventures of Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi. The film marks the animated feature film directorial debut of del Toro. It stars the voices of Ewan McGregor, David Bradley, Gregory Mann, Finn Wolfhard, Cate Blanchett, John Turturro, Ron Perlman, Tim Blake Nelson, Burn Gorman, Christoph Waltz, Tilda Swinton. It has a screenplay by del Toro, Gris Grimly, Patrick McHale and Matthew Robbins and a story by del Toro and Robbins. Daniel Radcliffe is the movie's executive producer.

Produced by The Jim Henson Company and ShadowMachine in co-production with Necropia Entertainment, "Pinocchio" was announced by Del Toro in 2008 and originally scheduled to be released in 2013 or 2014, but the project went into development hell. In January 2017, McHale was announced to co-write the script, but in November 2017, the production was suspended as no studios were willing to provide financing. The production was revived the following year after being acquired by Netflix. It is set to be released in December 2022.

A dark, twisted retelling of the famous Carlo Collodi fairytale about a wooden puppet who comes to life and dreams of becoming a real boy takes place in 1930s Fascist Italy. When Pinocchio comes to life, he turns out not to be a nice boy, causing mischief and playing mean tricks. But at its core, "Pinocchio" is "a story of love and disobedience as Pinocchio struggles to live up to his father’s expectations."


Neunburg vorm Wald

Neunburg vorm Wald is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 21 km east of Schwandorf on the river Schwarzach, a tributary of the Naab.

2021 Detroit Lions season

The 2021 season was the Detroit Lions' 92nd season in the National Football League, the 20th season playing home games at Ford Field and their first season under the head coach Dan Campbell.

The Lions schedule was released on May 13, 2021.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Los Angeles Rams season

The 2021 season is the Los Angeles Rams' 84th season in the National Football League and the fifth under head coach Sean McVay. 

The Rams' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021–22 NFL playoffs

The 2021–22 NFL playoffs was the playoff tournament for the 2021 season. This was the first playoff with a 17 game season. The playoffs ended with Super Bowl LVI on February 13, with the Los Angeles Rams becoming champions.

Winners of each game are in Bold

2021 San Francisco 49ers season

The 2021 season is the San Francisco 49ers' 72nd season in the National Football League and their fifth under the head coach Kyle Shanahan. They finished the regular season with 10 wins and 7 lossses, and advanced to the playoffs as the 6th seed. In the playoffs, they upset the 3rd-seeded Dallas Cowboys (who had 12 wins and 5 losses) and the 1-seed Green Bay Packers (13 wins and 4 losses), but lost in the NFC title game to division rival Los Angeles Rams.

The 49ers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Niedermurach

Niedermurach is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Nittenau

Nittenau () is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Regen, 18 km southeast of Schwandorf, and 24 km northeast of Regensburg.

It is the "sister city" of Lake Zurich, Illinois.

2021 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season

The 2021 season was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' 46th season in the National Football League (NFL) and their third under head coach Bruce Arians.

The Buccaneers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. As defending Super Bowl champions, the Buccaneers hosted the 2021 NFL Kickoff Game at Raymond James Stadium against the Dallas Cowboys.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Green Bay Packers season

The 2021 season was the Green Bay Packers' 101st season in the National Football League and their third under head coach Matt LaFleur.

The first week was announced 11 hours ahead of the rest of the season on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

As the result of clinching the NFC North division title and the best record in the NFC, the Packers hosted a playoff game in the Divisional round.

Super Bowl LVI

Super Bowl LVI was the 56th Super Bowl. It was the final game of the 2021 season and end of the 2021–22 NFL playoffs. It was played between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Los Angeles Rams and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Cincinnati Bengals. The game was played on February 13, 2022, at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California. The Rams beat the Bengals 23-20.

2021 Dallas Cowboys season

The 2021 season was the Dallas Cowboys' 62nd season in the National Football League and the 33rd under the ownership of Jerry Jones.

The Cowboys' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 2021 season was the Philadelphia Eagles' 89th season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Nick Sirianni.

The Eagles' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New Orleans Saints season

The 2021 season was the New Orleans Saints' 55th season in the National Football League and the 15th and last under head coach Sean Payton.

The Saints' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata

The dotted humming frog ("Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia. Scientists think it might live in Colombia too. Scientists have seen it between 0 and 400 meters above sea level. It is famous because it lives in the same holes in the ground with tarantula spiders.

The adult male frog is 20 to 23 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 21 to 24 mm long. The skin on its back and sides is dark green or gray with gold and light blue spots. Its underside is yellow-white in color with big gray or brown spots. Its feet are not webbed. For a frog, it has short hind legs. For a frog, it has a narrow head and pointed nose.

This frog lives in tropical forests in the Amazon where there is water in the air, but people have also seen it in places where trees have been cut down and in other places where humans have changed the places where the frog could live. It spends most of its time on land instead of in the water like a swimming frog or up in the trees like a tree frog. People have found it hiding in the dead leaves on the ground. It stays still during the day and looks for food at night. This frog lives in the same place with other frogs that came from the same ancient ancestor frog: "Chiasmocleis anatipes", "Chiasmocleis antenori", "Chiasmocleis bassleri", "Ctenophryne geayi", and "Hamptophryne boliviana".

This frog has many young ones all at once. Sometimes they do this after heavy rain. More than 50 male frogs go to a shallow pond. Then they float on the water and sing together for the females. Their singing has a hum in it. The females lay eggs in water that does not flow: ponds but not streams. One female frog can lay more than 200 eggs at a time. The eggs are 2 mm across. The eggs float in groups on top of the water. The tadpoles are gray in color.

This frog eats ants. Its body and narrow head make it very good at catching ants. Its body is not very good at catching other kinds of food.

Snakes and large animals without spines can catch and eat this frog.

Scientists have seen this frog living in the same burrows or holes in trees as tarantula spiders like the Colombian lesserblack tarantula ("Xenesthis immanis"). The spiders could eat the dotted humming frogs and do eat other kinds of frogs, but they do not eat the dotted humming frogs that live with them.

Scientists think the tarantulas use chemicals to tell which frog is which. They have seen young tarantulas pick up small frogs. The young tarantulas touch the frogs with their mouths. Then they put the frogs back down. They do not eat or bite them. Microhylid frogs, like the dotted humming frog, make chemicals in their skin that taste bad. Scientists think this might be why the frogs and spiders started living together.

The dotted humming frog is so small that large insects and other animals without spines can eat it. But the tarantula can fight or eat these insects.

The dotted humming frog eats ants. Ants eat tarantula eggs. Scientists think the tarantula and the spider live together because the spider frightens away animals that would eat the frog and the frog eats the ants that would eat the tarantula's eggs. Scientists call this relationship mutualism or mutualistic symbiosis.

Other frogs and tarantulas that live far from South America also live together like this. For example, there are frogs and tarantulas in Sri Lanka that live together this way. Scientists think this relationship evolved more than once.

The name "Ventrimaculata" comes from Latin from the words ""venter"" and ""macula"." "Venter" means belly and "macula" means spot. This means that the name means "stains on its belly."

Nicolae Guță

Nicolae Linguraru ( b, 3 December 1967) is a Romani (Gypsy) manele singer.

Guță started as a singer and accordionist in the late 1980s. He played lăutărească music. He released his first album in 1992. Two years later, he released his first main hit somg – "De când te iubesc pe tine" (english: "Since I've Been Loving You"). It was on his second long-play record. His first album for a foreign audience was released in France in 1996. At this time while Romanian music critics had very little reaction towards his music. Foreign journalists liked his music. They called it a very modern fashion of Gypsy jazz.

Around 1998, Guță started to become interested in manele music. It was a club-friendly subgenre of Balkans folk music influenced by Turkish and Arab pop. 

2021 Carolina Panthers season

The 2021 season was the Carolina Panthers' 27th in the National Football League and their second under head coach Matt Rhule.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Pittsburgh Steelers season

The 2021 season was the Pittsburgh Steelers' 89th season in the National Football League and their 15th under head coach Mike Tomlin.

The Steelers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Oberviechtach

Oberviechtach () is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is southeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and northeast of Schwandorf.

Pfreimd

Pfreimd is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 19 km north of Schwandorf, and 20 km south of Weiden in der Oberpfalz. It is also close to the border with the Czech Republic.

Schmidgaden

Schmidgaden is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Schmidgaden is in the north of the Upper Palatinate.
The municipality includes the following areas: Schmidgaden, Trisching, Wolfsbach, Rottendorf, Gösselsdorf, Littenhof


Schönsee

Schönsee is a town in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany, near the border with the Czech Republic, 38 km northeast of Schwandorf, and 34 km southeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz.

Schwandorf

Schwandorf is a town on the river Naab in the Upper Palatinate, Bavaria, Germany, which is the seat of the Schwandorf district.


Schwandorf is twinned with:

Schwarzach bei Nabburg

Schwarzach bei Nabburg is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipal is divided in 15 smaller settlements.:

Schwarzenfeld

Schwarzenfeld is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Sabra and Shatila massacre

The Sabra and Shatila massacre refers to the killings of Palestinian refugees and Lebanese Shias at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camp that took place in Beirut, Lebanon, the 16, 17 and 18 of September, 1982, during the Lebanese Civil War.

Israeli-backed Phalange militia killed between 2,000 and 3,500 Palestinian refugees and Lebanese civilians in two days. Those killed were nearly all Palestinian refugees, and the slaughter was carried out by the decision of the Lebanese Christian political party by their Phalangist militia. The massacre is today referred to as Sabra and Shatila after the names of the refugee camps in the attack.

The Lebanese civil war took place in a context of extreme tensions all around Lebanon. The politicians were corrupted and could not agree on the country's policy, for example on subjects such as international policy and on the Palestinian question, in which many countries of the Middle-East region were involved.

Lebanese society was divided between religious groups. Certain religious groups had certain political rights and occupied specific functions that could not be taken by a member of another group. The Christian group was monopolizing the political life while Muslim groups were put aside. 

There is also an important Palestinian presence in the south of the country. The Palestinians were mainly refugees. They were victims of the 1948 Nakba, or “catastrophe” in Arabic, fleeing the violent ethnic cleansing of Palestine by Zionist militias as Israel was formed. The different classes of society were also divided about the Palestinian question. The economic situation is not great as well since unemployment is very high. 

Right before the massacre of the two camps, the President of Lebanon, Bachir Gemayel, was murdered in a bombing attack on the 14 of September 1982. He also was the leader of the Lebanese Phalanges. They took control and closed the west part of Beirut, including the Sabra and Shatila camps. Their invasion was helped by Israeli forces in the pretext of maintaining order in the capital. 

There were different factions involved in the Sabra and Shatila massacre: The Lebanese phalanges, the Israeli army, and the Palestinian refugees, inhabitants of the camps.

Formally known as the Christian Maronite Lebanese Forces, the Lebanese Phalanges were the primary Christian militia involved in the Lebanese Civil War. The Maronites first came to Lebanon in an attempt to escape persecution in Syria. The group was able to build a relationship with European powers, specifically maintaining a connection with France. In addition to the Phalangist militia, there was also a strong Phalangist political party, led most prominently by Pierre Gemayel. 

One of the key leaders of the Phalangist military faction was Bachir Gemayel, son to Pierre, and eventually elected president, though he was assassinated in mid-September of the same year he was elected, before having the opportunity to actually take office. His murder was carried out by bombing and perpetrated by Habib Tanious Shartouni, whose allegiance lay with Syria. He is known to have been a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party. Another was Elie Hobeika, who was known to have a close relationship with Gemayel and served as a military leader for the Lebanese forces at the time of the war. 

in 1982 Israel sent troops to Lebanon after the murder attempt on Shlomo Argov, the Israeli ambassador. This gave Israel a pretext to invade the south of Lebanon and the capital. This operation was called "Peace for Galilee". Its goal was to drive out the PLO fighters who established in the country. Though the murder attempt on Shlomo Argov was not perpetuated by the PLO, it gave to Israel the justification to attack Palestinian fighters in Lebanon. The Israeli army slowly advanced on Beirut where they joined their military forces with the Syrian forces already involved in the conflict and with the Lebanese Phalanges. They did not enter the capital until a cease-fire agreement was set up by the USA in September.

After the assassination of Bachir Gemayel Israel broke the agreement. They allowed the Lebanese militia to enter the camp, despite the agreement to protect the Muslim population.

The Palestine Liberation Organization, started in 1964 with the intention of creating a Palestinian state. The organization had directly opposition to and conflict with the State of Israel. Both Palestinian refugees and fighters had seen large amounts of violence. They sought to establish a place for themselves in Southern areas of Lebanon and in Beirut.

The Palestinian refugees' presence in Jordan played a significant role in the rising tension which eventually led to the Lebanese Civil War. They were the target of several forces, including the Maronites, accompanied by the Lebanese army and several other militias, as well as the Israeli army. 

In June of 1982, the Israeli army invaded Lebanon in an attempt to obliterate the Palestinian Liberation Organization. 

Despite steadfast attempts at resistance from the Palestinian-Lebanese side, violence and death was increasing and other actors became involved. Along with several others, the Lebanese prime minister, Shafik Wazzan, and an American representative named Philip Habib were making attempts to diffuse the issue diplomatically. On 11th August 1982, they came to an accord which said that the PLO would be forcefully removed from Beirut under the direction of both American and European forces, specifically France and Italy. Providing this evacuation of Palestinian troops, the Israeli government said that their army would not infiltrate west Beirut or perpetrate further attack. They also pledged, in conjunction with the United States government, the safety of the Palestinians and people inside the refugee camps. 

The Shatila camp, located in west Beirut, had been a standing Palestinian refugee camp since the 1940s. Over time, the camp had grown to also include the nearby Sabra neighborhood, and both Sabra and Shatila were in the direct path of the violence by the Israeli forces. However, because of the formal agreement reached by Philip Habib and Shafik Wazzan, the camps and the Palestinian civilians' security should have been safeguarded. This changed following the assassination of Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel. That prompted the Israeli army and the Phalangist militia, whose loyalty was strongly tied to Gemayel, to take action that they considered necessary to regain control in Beirut and protect the area and people within it. This claim of needing to acquire security and safeguard against terrorism was the veneer Israeli forces employed to justify the disruption of their previous promises and the acts of brutality which followed. Many other parties, including the United States, were implicated in the events of the next few days. 

On 15th September, the Israeli army was the first power to occupy Sabra and Shatila, closing all access out of the camps and effectively confining thousands of civilians and refugees inside. From 16th to 18th September 1982, the camps were then subjected to an onslaught of violence, rape, abuse, and mass murder. Other groups were involved, including the Lebanese Forces and other right-wing militias. The massacre was an enormous loss of human life, consisting of almost entirely Palestinian refugees and Lebanese civilians, including many women and children, hospital patients, and public servants such as medical staff. There is still uncertainty as to precisely how many were killed in the massacre; some state the death toll was as low as 300, some claim it's nearer to 1,700, while other estimates range as high as 4,500 victims. Most sources say that at least 3,000 innocent people were murdered in this 3-day period. 

The massacre was highly denounced by international powers and by the israeli population. The United Nations said the event was a "high scale massacre" and as a "genocide". It also pointed out the responsibility of Israel, while Israeli people demonstrated in the streets. An international inquiry commission, the Mc Bride Commission, was opened. Under pressure, Israeli government was forced to open its own inquiry commission, the Kahan Commission.

The Mc Bride commission, did not establish the direct responsibility of Israel in the massacre. However, it makes Israel responsible for letting the Phalanges enter the camps and helping the massacre by lighting the camps at night. This allowed the massacre to continue even after nightfall. 

Following the Kahan Commission, Israel recognized having surrounded and controlled the camps during the massacre. However, it denies knowing that the massacre was happening. Ariel Sharon, the Israeli minister of Defense, was several times blamed for the massacre. He was sued in Belgium with other Israeli supervisors. However, the plaint would not be followed.

Elie Hobeka was particularly blamed as the one who ordered the massacre by the Phalanges. He was the leader of the Lebanese secret services. Today, his role as the main responsible of the massacre is fully acknowledged. He died in a bombing in 2002 as he was involved in the Belgian trial for the accusation against Ariel Sharon.

Many scholars and journalists have written about the massacre. Also, numerous testimonies depicting the massacre have spread through journalist's work. Many testimonies say that Israeli soldiers saw the massacres occurring. We can illustrate that through the testimonies collected by Pierre Péan, or Leila Shahid. These allegations however could have been discussed and their authenticity has not always been proved. In addition to their memorial role, they are also used by journalists and scholars who study the importance of the massacre. Seth Anziska has worked on American actions during the war. He based his works on the communications between Israel and the USA and the record of the military movements. 




Schwarzhofen

Schwarzhofen is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

The neighbouring communities clockwise: Niedermurach, Dieterskirchen, Neunburg vorm Wald, Altendorf.

Stadlern

Stadlern is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Stadlern is on the western hillsides of the mountain Reichenstein.
To the west is the Schnabelloh-Creek with the mills Bemmerlmühle, Stadlermühle and Tabakmühle.
Across the Schnabelloh-Creek at the eastern hillside of the Drechselberg is the hamlet Reichenberg.
To the east is the river Bayerische Schwarzach with the villages Waldhäuser and Schwarzach and the mill Neumühle and the village Charlottenthal.


The neighbouring communities clockwise: Bělá nad Radbuzou, Rybník nad Radbuzou, Tiefenbach, Weiding, Schönsee.


Steinberg am See

Steinberg am See (Northern Bavarian: "Stoaberg") is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Stulln

Stulln is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Teublitz

Teublitz () is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 12 km south of Schwandorf, and 23 km north of Regensburg.


Teunz

Teunz is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Karambit

The karambit or kerambit is a kind of curved knife of Indonesian origin that is used as a weapon.
The shape of its blade resembles a tiger's claw. Many kerambits have a ring at the end of the handle to retain the index finger.


Arrowhead (1953 movie)

Arrowhead is a 1953 American western movie directed by Charles Marquis Warren and was based on the novel "Adobe Walls" by W. R. Burnett. It stars Charlton Heston, Brian Keith, Jack Palance, Katy Jurado, Milburn Stone, Pat Hogan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Bloody Mary (cocktail)

A Bloody Mary is an Alcoholic drink, which has vodka and tomatoes, and sometimes other things, like: Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, garlic, herbs, horseradish, celery, olives, salt, black pepper, lemon juice, lime juice and celery salt. Some different versions of the drink like the "Surf 'n' turf""" Bloody Mary have shrimps and bacon on it. In the USA, people usually drink Bloody Maries in the morning or noon to stop hangovers.

The Bloody Mary was invented sometime between the 1920s and 1930s. There are many ideas for the origin of the drink and its name. The Bloody Mary also has different versions, like the Red Snapper (Sometimes called the "Bloody Margaret"), the Virgin Mary, the Caesar, and the Michelada.

Richard J. Hughes

Richard Joseph Hughes (August 10, 1909 – December 7, 1992) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge. He served as the 45th governor of New Jersey from 1962-1970, and as Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1973-1979. Hughes was the first Catholic governor in New Jersey's history. He was a Democrat.

He died on December 7, 1992 in Boca Raton, Florida.

Spanish Sahara

The Spanish Sahara refers to Spain's control of the Western Sahara territory during 1884-1976.

Ghassan Kanafani

Ghassan Kanafani (9 April 1936 – 8 July 1972) was a Palestinian writer and activist. He was a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). He wrote many texts including "Men in the Sun" (1962). At the age of 36, he was killed in a car bomb by Mossad.

Born in the British Mandate of Palestine in the city of Acre on 9 April 1936, Kanafani and his family were forced to flee to Beirut, with the outbreak of the Arab-Israeli War in 1948. Afterwards, Kanafani and his family settled in Damascus. Kanafani completed his secondary education, receiving a United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) teaching certificate in 1952. In the subsequent year, he crossed paths with George Habash, who initiated him into the realm of politics and left a significant impact on his early endeavors. He was later expelled from Damascus due to his political activity in support of Pan-Arabism. He then moved to Kuwait along with his sister in 1956 and they both took teaching positions there. After spending some time in Kuwait as a drawing and sports teacher, Kanafani eventually returned to Beirut where he joined the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) in 1967, serving as the spokesperson and editor of its newspaper, al-Hadaf.

During his time in Beirut, Kanafani moved away from Pan-Arabism, a movement calling for unity of all Arab countries, and focused on the Palestinian struggle for liberation. He also became interested in Marxism, which made him join the PFLP the same year it was founded in 1967, as it declared itself as a Marxist-Leninist organization. 

The PFLP was known to carry out armed attacks against Israel and thus, was labelled a terrorist organization by many Western countries including the EU.

Kanafani was never directly involved in these armed activity, yet he supported the armed struggle against Israel and rejected any negotiations with the state. In a 1970 interview, when he was asked by the Australian broadcaster Richard Carleton why he won't participate in “peace talks” with the Israelis, he famously responded with: “That’s the kind of conversation between the sword and the neck.” 

During his lifetime, Kanafani published many stories, his first and most famous novel, "Men in the Sun", being translated into many different languages. Kanafani is often considered to be one of the most influential Palestinian writers, whose stories are part of a “resistance literature”, a term he created. The Palestinian resistance literature were an act of defiance because it preserved the Palestinian identity and allowed the stories of the people to be told, at a time where it was suppressed. Palestinians were forcefully displaced from their homeland, starting with the Nakba in 1948, and faced defeats with the loss of the Arab–Israeli War. 

These stories reflect these painful experience of Palestinians who live under occupation, in refugee camps or abroad under harsh conditions. But instead of only documenting the pain of the Palestinian people and expressing the despair felt after the Nakba and loss of the Arab-Israeli War, Kanafani calls for resistance and to fight back against the Zionists. This made him stand out from other Palestinian writers who were in a state of self-pity. 

After the massacre at Lod Airport in 1972 that killed 26 people, the Israeli secret service Mossad started to target members of the PFLP who, along with the Japanese Red Army, claimed responsibility for the attack. On 8 July 1972, Kanafani was killed in Beirut, along with his niece in a car bomb. The Israeli Mossad claimed responsibility.

However, he left a legacy behind that continues to inspire Palestinians. His face can be found as graffiti drawings throughout Palestine and its refugee camps. The Lebanese non-governmental organization Ghassan Kanafani Cultural Foundation (GKCF) that supports education for Palestinian refugee children in Lebanon is named after him, and was founded in 1974 on his second death anniversary.

Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine

The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) is a Palestinian revolutionary group founded in 1967 by George Habash. It is the second largest group forming the Palestine Liberation Organization.

Thanstein

Thanstein is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

ITA Airways

ITA Airways is an Italian airline and the flag carrier of that country. The airline is expected to take over the assets and routes of the former Italian flag carrier, Alitalia. ITA belongs to the SkyTeam alliance.

On September 30, 2021, ITA announced that the airline will work with Airbus as a "strategic partner" with the airline, this included the announcements of the future of the ITA fleet. The airline also announced a memorandum with Airbus for the purchase of 10 Airbus A330neo aircraft, 7 Airbus A220 and 11 Airbus A320neo, a total of 28 new aircraft; along with an agreement with Air Lease Corporation for the lease of an additional 31 new Airbus aircraft (this includes the lease of the Airbus A350-900).

The Defenders (1961 TV series)

The Defenders is an American courtroom drama series that aired on CBS. It ran for 4 seasons and 132 episodes from 16 September, 1961 to 13 May, 1965 and starring E. G. Marshall, Robert Reed, Polly Rowles, Joan Hackett.

Trausnitz

Trausnitz is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Wackersdorf

Wackersdorf is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany. 

Weiding, Schwandorf

Weiding is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.



Wernberg-Köblitz

Wernberg-Köblitz is a market town in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Winklarn

Winklarn is a market town and municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany. Winklarn is in the Upper Palatinate. In the North of Winklarn, there is a large forest, the Frauenstein.

Bergrheinfeld

Bergrheinfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Dittelbrunn

Dittelbrunn is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Dittelbrunn has 4 parts: Dittelbrunn, , Holzhausen and Pfändhausen.

Donnersdorf

Donnersdorf is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Euerbach

Euerbach is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Extreme points of Azerbaijan

This is a list of the extreme points of Azerbaijan, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points. The extreme points are based on the latitudes and longitudes, and on the altitude.

This section includes only the central contiguous section of Azerbaijan.


This section includes only the exclave of Nakhchivan.




Tashiro (surname)

Tashiro (Japanese: 田代) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Uchida (surname)

Uchida (Japanese: 内田) is a common Japanese surname. Notable people with this name are listed as below.

Vienna Cricket and Football-Club

Vienna Cricket and Football-Club is a sport club from Vienna. Today they have tennis and athletics sections, but the club is most famous for the football section which was one of the oldest football clubs in Austria.

The club was founded by English men in Vienna under the name Vienna Cricket Club . Because only few people want to see Cricket they founded a football section. They chanced the name to First Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. They want an official permit and got it on on 23 August 1894 only one day after Vienna FC . So they had to swipe the "first" out of their name. The first official match was a 4:0 win versus their rival First Vienna FC. Because the number of members increased many spin-offs happend. The most important was in 1911 the Wiener Amateursportverein later known as FK Austria Wien.

In 1908 the club hosted the first international match between Austria and Germany in front of 5,000 visitors. Ludwig Hussak was the only player from the club.

One of the founders, John Gramlick, later established the Challenge Cup. In the early 20th century the club was famous for Cricket and Football. Due to financial problems the football section of the club was dissolved in the early 1930s.


Kudo (surname)

Kudo (Japanese: 工藤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Sudo (surname)

Sudo (Japanese: 須藤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Kubo (surname)

Kubo (Japanese: 久保) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Sakai (name)

Sakai (Japanese: 坂井, 酒井 etc) is a Japanese surname. It has many kanji descriptions. Things with this name include:

Ozawa (surname)

Ozawa (Japanese: 小沢, 小澤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with name include:

Igawa

Igawa (Japanese: 井川) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Suda (surname)

Suda (Japanese: 菅田, 須田 etc) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

List of Austrian football champions

The Austrian football champions are the winners of the highest league of football in Austria. Since the 1974-75 season the Austrian Football Bundesliga runs the competition. 

Gert Schutte

Gerrit Jan "Gert" Schutte (24 May 1939 – 25 January 2022) was a Dutch politician. In the 1980s and 1990s he was leading the Reformed Political Alliance ("Gereformeerd Politiek Verbond" - GPV), one of the two forerunners of the ChristianUnion.

After started his career in the civil service at several municipalities, Schutte was a member of the Provincial States of Utrecht from 5 June 1974 to 7 June 1978, and a member of the House of Representatives from 27 May 1981 to 14 February 2001.

Schutte was born in Nieuwpoort. He died on 25 January 2022 in Zeist, aged 82.


Kawai (name)

Kawai (Japanese: 河合, 川合, 河井, 川井 etc) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with name include:

Nieuwpoort, South Holland

Nieuwpoort is a very small city in the Netherlands, located in the Alblasserwaard and within this region in the municipality of Molenlanden. The settlement lies on the south bank of the Lek, which is a continuation of the Rhine river. About 1,400 people were living there in 2020.

Nieuwpoort was also a municipality. It formed with Groot-Ammers, Langerak, and Streefkerk the municipality of Liesveld in 1986.

Nieuwpoort received city rights in 1283.


Takagi

Takagi (Japanese: 高木) is a Japanese surname. It means "high/tall tree". Notable people with this name are listed below.


Arkansas (movie)

Arkansas is a 2020 American crime thriller movie directed by first time director Clark Duke (who also stars) and also starring Liam Hemsworth, Michael Kenneth Williams, Vivica A. Fox, Eden Brolin, John Malkovich, Vince Vaughn, Patrick Muldoon. It was distributed by Lionsgate.

DWET-TV

DWET-TV (channel 5) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the TV5 network. It is owned and operated by the network's namesake corporate parent; TV5 also provides certain services to RPTV flagship DZKB-TV (channel 9) and One Sports flagship DWNB-TV (channel 41) under an airtime lease agreement with station owners Radio Philippines Network and Nation Broadcasting Corporation, respectively.

The three stations share studios at the TV5 Media Center, Reliance cor. Sheridan Sts., Brgy. Highway Hills, Mandaluyong, Metro Manila, while DWET-TV's alternate studios and hybrid analog/digital transmitting facilities are located at the TV5 Complex, 762 Quirino Highway, Brgy. San Bartolome, Novaliches, Quezon City. The alternate digital transmitting facility is located at Block 3, Emerald Hills, Sumulong Highway, Antipolo, Rizal.

DWET-TV's digital signal operates on UHF Channel 18 (497.143 MHz) and broadcasts on the following subchannels:

Prior to the NTC's assignment of channels 14 to 20 for major broadcast networks, the station utilized UHF Channel 51 (695.143 MHz) for its digital TV operations, although it remains active to this day.

16:9 widescreen output. The One Sports subchannel feeds, however, converted to widescreen broadcasting less than a year later, on January 22, 2024. Upon the launch of RPTV on February 1, 2024, it replaced the subchannel space of One PH, which reverted its availability to pay TV and streaming.

<br>




Suzuki (disambiguation)

Suzuki (Japanese: 鈴木) may refer to:

Suda (disambiguation)

Suda may refer to:

Ōshima (surname)

Ōshima (Japanese: 大島, 大嶋) is a Japanese surname. It means "big island". Notable people with this name are listed below. 

List of Detroit Lions seasons

The Lions have won four NFL championships. The Lions were the first franchise to finish a full (non-strike shortened) regular season with no wins or ties since the move to sixteen season games in 1978, going 0–16 during the 2008 NFL season. They are also one of four current teams, and the only one in the NFC, to have never played in the Super Bowl.


List of Super Bowl champions

The Super Bowl is the annual American football game that decides the champion of the National Football League (NFL). The game ends the regular season and is the best game in the NFL playoffs.

Numbers in parentheses in the table are Super Bowl appearances as of the date of that Super Bowl and are used as follows:

1991 Detroit Lions season

The Detroit Lions season was the franchise's 62nd season in the National Football League. It is the team's best season since 1970.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Pseudis tocantins

Pseudis tocantins is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Super Bowl XXVI

Super Bowl XXVI was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Philadelphia Eagles and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Los Angeles Raiders to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1991 season. The Raiders beat the Eagles by a score of 30–0, bringing the number of Super Bowls they won to two. The Bills lost two Super Bowls in a row. The game was played on January 26, 1992, at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Frankenwinheim

Frankenwinheim is a village in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany and part of Gerolzhofen.

Frankenwinheim is in the Main Rhön region, about 20 kilometers south of Schweinfurt. Frankenheim is divided into Frankenwinheim and Brünnstadt.

Geldersheim

Geldersheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Gerolzhofen

Gerolzhofen () is a town in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany. The town is the earlier center of the district of Gerolzhofen.

Gerolzhofen is twinned with:

Gochsheim

Gochsheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

1991 NFL season

The 1991 NFL season was the 72nd regular season of the National Football League. The season ended with Super Bowl XXVI when the Washington Redskins beat the Buffalo Bills 37–24 at the Metrodome in Minnesota.

List of National Football League seasons

This is a list of seasons of the National Football League, including the ten regular seasons of the American Football League, which merged into the National Football League in 1970.

Grafenrheinfeld

Grafenrheinfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Grettstadt

Grettstadt is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany. It has the following villages: Dürrfeld, Grettstadt, Obereuerheim, Untereuerheim.

Kolitzheim

Kolitzheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Steve Sims (entrepreneur)

Steve Sims (born 1966) is an entrepreneur and the founder and CEO of the luxury concierge service Bluefish. He is the author of "Bluefishing: The Art of Making Things Happen".

Sims began his career as a Bricklayer in London, then stockbroker job in London. He moved to Hong Kong where he was fired in 5 days.

Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory

The Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory is the apex court of the Australian Capital Territory. 

Government of the Australian Capital Territory

The Government of the Australian Capital Territory, also referred to as the Australian Capital Territory Government or ACT Government, is the executive authority of the Australian Capital Territory.

Lülsfeld

Lülsfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Michelau im Steigerwald

Michelau im Steigerwald is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Niederwerrn

Niederwerrn is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Oberschwarzach

Oberschwarzach is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Poppenhausen

Poppenhausen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

It has the following six districts: Hain, Kronungen, Kützberg, Maibach, Pfersdorf, Poppenhausen.

Röthlein

Röthlein is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany. The village is south of Schweinfurt, close to the Main valley. The quarters are Röthlein, Heidenfeld and Hirschfeld.

Schonungen

Schonungen is a municipality in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany. The villages in this municipality are:
and some more

Forst (Unterfranken)

Forst in Unterfranken is a village in the Schonungen municipality that is in Schweinfurt.

Forst is about 1/2 mile just north of the Main river along the southern north edge of the Main river valley. At 923 ft (284m) above sea level, it is about 227 ft (70m) above the river. Many new houses have been built, except in the old village center, due to the great view into the valley. The expansion largely took place to the west towards Schonungen.

Reichmannshausen

Reichmannshausen in Unterfranken is a village in the municipality of Schonungen, in Schweinfurt, Bavaria.

Reichmannshausen is 341 meters above sea level on the Schlettach plateau. It is completely surrounded by forest.


Schwanfeld

Schwanfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Seattle Seahawks season

The 2021 season was the Seattle Seahawks' 46th season in the National Football League and their 12th under head coach Pete Carroll.

The Seahawks' regular season schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Schwebheim

Schwebheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Arizona Cardinals season

The 2021 season was the Arizona Cardinals' 102nd season in the National Football League and their third under head coach Kliff Kingsbury.

The Cardinals' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Sennfeld

Sennfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Stadtlauringen

Stadtlauringen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Stadtlauringen is in the Main Rhön region, about 20 kilometers north east of Schweinfurt. It is the northernmost municipality in Schweinfurt.
The Lauer flows through it. The Ellertshäuser See is close to the village Altenmünster.

The municipality Stadtlauringen has the following towns and villages:



2021 Indianapolis Colts season

The 2021 season was the Indianapolis Colts' 69th season in the National Football League and their fourth season under head coach Frank Reich.

The Colts' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Sulzheim, Bavaria

Sulzheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Chicago Bears season

The 2021 season was the Chicago Bears' 102nd season in the National Football League and their fourth and final under head coach Matt Nagy.

The Bears' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. The Bears will alternate home and away games every game of the season, becoming first team to do so in a 17-game season and the fifth since the NFL season expanded to 16 games in .

2021 Jacksonville Jaguars season

The 2021 season was the Jacksonville Jaguars' 27th season in the National Football League and their only season under head coach Urban Meyer.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Üchtelhausen

Üchtelhausen is a municipality and community in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Üchtelhausen is in region Main - Rhön Mountains.
It has the following districts: Ebertshausen, Hesselbach, Hoppachshof, Madenhausen, Ottenhausen, Thomashof, Weipoltshausen, Zell, Üchtelhausen.

Waigolshausen

Waigolshausen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2021 season was the Minnesota Vikings' 61st in the National Football League (NFL) and their eighth and final under head coach Mike Zimmer.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Wasserlosen

Wasserlosen is a municipality in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany. The villages in this municipality are:


2021 Cincinnati Bengals season

The 2021 season was the Cincinnati Bengals' 52nd season in the National Football League and their third under head coach Zac Taylor.

The Bengals 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. 
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Atlanta Falcons season

The 2021 season was the Atlanta Falcons' 56th season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Arthur Smith.

The Falcons 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. They opened the season at home against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Tennessee Titans season

The 2021 season was the Tennessee Titans' 52nd season in the National Football League and their fourth under head coach Mike Vrabel.

The Titans' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Houston Texans season

The 2021 season was the Houston Texans' 20th season in the National Football League and their first and only under head coach David Culley.

The Texans' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New York Jets season

The 2021 season was the New York Jets' 52nd season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Robert Saleh. 

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Buffalo Bills season

The 2021 season was the Buffalo Bills' 52nd in the National Football League, and their fifth under the head coachSean McDermott.

The Bills 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Kansas City Chiefs season

The 2021 season is the Kansas City Chiefs' 52nd season in the National Football League and their ninth under head coach Andy Reid.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New England Patriots season

The 2021 season was the New England Patriots' 52nd season in the National Football League and their 22nd under head coach Bill Belichick.

The Patriots' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Miami Dolphins season

The 2021 season was the Miami Dolphins' 52nd season in the National Football League and their third and final year under head coach Brian Flores.

The Dolphins' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Las Vegas Raiders season

The 2021 season was the Las Vegas Raiders' 52nd season in the National Football League and their eight and final under head coach Jon Gruden.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Baltimore Ravens season

The 2021 season was the Baltimore Ravens' 26th season in the National Football League and their fourteenth under head coach John Harbaugh. 

The Ravens' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New York Giants season

The 2021 season was the New York Giants' 97th season in the National Football League and their second and final under head coach Joe Judge.

The schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Washington Football Team season

The 2021 season was the 90th season for the Washington Football Team and their second under head coach Ron Rivera.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Los Angeles Chargers season

The 2021 season was the Los Angeles Chargers' 52nd season in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under head coach Brandon Staley.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Cleveland Browns season

The 2021 season was the Cleveland Browns' 69th season as a member of the National Football League and their second under head coach Kevin Stefanski.

The Browns' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Denver Broncos season

The 2021 season was the Denver Broncos' 52nd season in the National Football League.

The Broncos' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. Until the Week 18 flex, the Broncos would not have appeared on Monday Night Football for the first time since 1991.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

List of Ministers of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan

The Minister of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan () is a government minister who is the head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan. The person in this position is appointed and dismissed from the office by the President of Azerbaijan.

SC Rudolfshügel

SC Rudolfshügel was a footballclub from Favoriten, a district of Vienna. The club played from 1902 till 1934. From 1907 till 1927 he played in highest level of Austrian football. In 1919 he was runner-up in the championship. The colors were blue and white. The club was named after a elevation between Laaer Berg and Wienerberg.

Burghausen bei Schweinfurt

Burghausen in Lower Franconia is a village in the commune of Wasserlosen.


1991 Buffalo Bills season

The 1991 Buffalo Bills season was the 32nd season and 22nd in the National Football League. They ended their season with their second Super Bowl appearance in a row but lost to the Washington Redskins, 24–37.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2020 Detroit Lions season

The 2020 season was the Detroit Lions' 91st in the National Football League (NFL) and their third and final season under head coach Matt Patricia. This season, their opponents scored more points and yards against them than any other season in Lions history, and the third most for both for any team in NFL history.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

D'Andre Swift

D'Andre Tiyon Swift (born January 14, 1999) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the running back position. Before entering the NFL, he played for the Georgia Bulldogs football team, a college team in Georgia. He was selected in the second round of the 2020 NFL Draft.

Matthew Stafford

John Matthew Stafford (born February 7, 1988) is an American football player for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He ranks in the top 20 for all-time in pass attempts, completions, passing yards, and passing touchdowns. Stafford is third in all-time passing yards per game. He was the fastest NFL player to reach 40,000 yards.

Stafford was with the Detroit Lions from 2009 until 2020. In 2011, Stafford became the fourth NFL quarterback to throw for over 5,000 yards in a single season, while the Lions played in the playoffs for the first time since 1999.

Jared Goff

Jared Thomas Goff (born October 14, 1994) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He was selected first in the 2016 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams.

2019 Detroit Lions season

The 2019 season was the Detroit Lions' 90th in the National Football League (NFL) and their second year under head coach Matt Patricia.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2018 Detroit Lions season

The 2018 season was the Detroit Lions' 89th in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under head coach Matt Patricia. 

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

FC Wacker Innsbruck

FC Wacker Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck, Tyrol.

The "Fußball-Club Wacker Innsbruck" was founded in 1915 with the colours black and green. They played friendlies against other Innsbruck teams, then they stopped until 1918 because of the First World War. 1923 they were in danger to be relegated so they merged with Rapid Innsbruck under the name FC Sturm Innsbruck . But this club soon was dissolved. The club was new founded in 1924 under the old name. 

In 1964 the club was promoted to zhe A-Liga, today's Bundesliga They reached the first title in 1971.
On 20 July 1971 FC Wacker Innsbruck and SV Wattens merged to SpG Swarovski Wattens-Wacker Innsbruck (SSW Innsbruck). The union was only in professional football, the youth teams were part of their original clubs. SSW Innsbruck won the Austrian Championship five times and reached the quarterfinals in the European Cup in 1977–78.

In 1981 SSW Innsbruck was relegated the first time and in 1986 the club was renamed FC Wacker Innsbruck. After the new club FC Swarovski Tirol took over the license of the club FC Wacker Innsbruck had to play in the eighth division. 1992 FC Swarovski was dissolved and Wacker took the Bundesliga license and access to the UEFA Cup 1992–93. They only played for one season because in 1993 the FC Tirol Innsbruck was formed, to which FC Wacker again lost its license. In 1999 the club, meanwhile playing in the seventh division, finally folded.

Austrian Bundesliga

Austrian Cup

Mitropa Cup

QF = Quarterfinal


Patrick Mahomes

Patrick Lavon Mahomes II (born September 17, 1995) is an American football player for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He is the son of former Major League Baseball (MLB) player Pat Mahomes. He played college football and college baseball at Texas Tech University, but quit baseball to focus on football more. He was selected in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft.

Mahomes spent his first season with the Chiefs as a backup to Alex Smith. He became the primary player in the 2018 season. In the same season, Mahomes threw for 5,097 yards, 50 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions. He had also thrown for over 5,000 yards in a college season, becoming the first player to throw more than 5,000 yards in college and the NFL. He also became the second player to throw for more than 5,000 yards and score 50 touchdowns in a season, with Peyton Manning being the first.

During the 2019–20 playoffs, Mahomes appeared in Super Bowl LIV, the Chiefs' first Super Bowl appearance in 50 years, where they beat the San Francisco 49ers. Mahomes was awarded the Super Bowl MVP, the second African-American quarterback and youngest player to do so.

Mahomes is known for his athleticism and his unique passing ability.
Mahomes was born on September 17, 1995, in Tyler, Texas, to MLB player, Pat Mahomes and Randi Mahomes. In high school, Mahomes played football, baseball, and basketball. Playing football in his senior year, Mahomes he had 4,619 passing yards and 50 passing touchdowns. In baseball, he threw a no-hitter with 16 strikeouts in a game. He was selected in the 37th round of the 2014 MLB Draft by the Detroit Tigers, but did not sign a contract.

Sepia

Sepia may refer to:





Lowland tropical bullfrog

The lowland tropical bullfrog ("Leptodactylus andreae") is a frog that lives in South America. It lives in the Amazon Basin, east of the Andes mountains in Venezuela, Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, French Guiana, Peru, and Suriname.

The adult male frog is 1.7 to 2.0 long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 2.0 to 2.2 cm long. This frog has brown skin with dark marks on its back. Some of the frogs have two lighter stripes down their sides. Each frog has white skin on its belly and pink or gray skin on the insides of its legs.

This frog has many young ones when there is a lot of rain. It has the most in December. The male frog digs a small hole in the ground called a burrow. He sings for the females on the ground. The female frog lays about 10 eggs in the burrow, covered in foam. The tadpoles live in this foam nest and not in a pond or stream.

This frog looks for food during the day and at night. This frog eats many kinds of insects and other animals with no bones.

Pakka Commercial

Pakka Commercial () is an 2022 Indian Telugu-language legal action-comedy film. It is directed by Maruthi and produced by UV Creations and GA2 Pictures. The film stars Gopichand and Raashi Khanna with Sathyaraj, Rao Ramesh and Anasuya Bharadwaj playing pivotal roles. The movie was originally scheduled to release on May 20, 2022, but instead, it released on July 1, 2022.

Suryanarayana is a dutiful lawyer, who resigns after being unable to deliver justice to Amulya, who was threatened and blackmailed by the rich man named Vivek and ultimately committed suicide. While he works hard at his shop to provide for his family, his son Ramchand "Lucky" finds his law books and coat, sparking an inspiration to become a lawyer. Years later, Lucky becomes an advocate, who embodies the opposite principles of his father, settling cases outside of the court for his personal profits, which Suryanarayana is unaware. One day, Jhansi an actress whose character, a lawyer in a serial, was killed off to save money requests Lucky so that she can sue the studio. Although their case is rejected, Lucky is impressed by Jhansi's knowledge and qualifications in real-life law and they fall in love with each other. 

Afterwards, Lucky defends a gangster, who killed a lawyer despite extensive evidence against him while Suryanayarana helps a couple file a case against a corrupt developer and politician who is actually Vivek. When Suryanarayana refers the case to him, he instead meets Vivek and agrees to work with him for substantial rewards. Vivek also kidnaps the husband, who exposed his corruption. On the second hearing for the gangster's murder case, Jhansi, who has gotten closer to the family, unexpectedly brings Suryanarayana to the courtroom, forcing Lucky to honestly argue and leading to a guilty verdict for the gangster. Watching through a secret camera, Vivek is impressed by his performances and reaches the court. Vivek's arrival brings all the truths to light, and Suryanaryana is ashamed by Lucky's actions, where he decides to fight for the couple himself. 

Jhansi decides to join Suryanarayana after seeing his drive for justice. At home, they work on the case, splitting the house into halves which they title themselves as "Commercial" (Lucky) and "Non-Commercial" (Suryanaryana and Jhansi). Lucky uses various tricks to hamper Suryanaryana and Jhansi, slanders the couple's names, claiming that he had actually gone to Dubai and had affairs, and nearly gets Suryanaryana disbarred. Meanwhile, Lucky keeps getting gifts from Vivek. Lucky's search for the disappeared husband, ends to no avail and Vivek plans to kill him by putting him in a pillar and casting concrete inside. Lucky also meets a mysterious woman also named Amulya, who is Vivek's wife. Ultimately, Lucky gets a seat as an MLA in Vivek's political party. 

As Vivek prepares to be sworn, the news breaks about the body of a cab driver that Vivek had murdered earlier being found at his farmhouse. It is revealed that Amulya is actually Saira Banu, the cab driver's wife. In retaliation, Vivek kidnaps Suryanarayana and asks Lucky to cover his bail. However, Lucky instead saves Suryanarayana from Vivek's goons and reveals that he had planned everything all along to seek vengeance on Vivek, ever since he saw Suryanarayana's sufferings as a child following his resignation, and had enlisted Saira Banu to seduce and distract Vivek. Vivek attempts to appeal, but his lawyer deserts him after revealing that Lucky used his gifts and conversations to collect his evidence and biometric traits. Finally, Vivek becomes insane and requests the court to provide him a death penalty.

The Nightingale (2018 movie)

The Nightingale is a 2018 Australian psychological thriller/drama movie. It is written, directed and co-produced by Jennifer Kent. It stars Aisling Franciosi, Sam Claflin and Baykali Ganambarr. It was filmed mostly in English, but Irish and Palawa kani are also spoken in some parts of the movie.

Set in the penal colony of Van Diemen's Land (present-day Tasmania, Australia) in 1825, "The Nightingale" follows a young Irish convict, Clare Carroll. With the help of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, Clare looks to take revenge for the terrible acts carried out against her and her family by British Army officers.

The movie was given positive reviews for its performances, atmosphere, cinematography, screenplay, scope and acknowledgement of racial violence in Australia. However, there was some controversy due to its scenes that include violence and rape.

Paul B. Johnson Jr.

Paul Burney Johnson Jr. (January 23, 1916 – October 14, 1985) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Mississippi. He was Governor of Mississippi from 1964 to 1968. He was a son of former Mississippi Governor Paul B. Johnson Sr.

Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (movie)

Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is an upcoming film based on the play of the same name. It will be directed by Chris Colombus and is in development with Warner Bros. and will release sometime in 2023.


Heropanti

Heropanti () is an 2014 Indian Hindi-language romantic action film. It was directed by Sabbir Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It stars Tiger Shroff and Kriti Sanon in their Hindi film debuts, alongside Prakash Raj in a supporting role. It is the remake of the Telugu film "Parugu". The film received mixed reviews, who appreciated performances of ensemble cast, action sequences performed by Shroff, and cinematography, but criticized the screenplay, pace, and narration. It was released on May 23, 2014.

Suraj Singh Chaudhary is a very strict patriarch of the Jat family from Haryana and is a well-respected leader in his village and brothers. When Renu, Chaudhary's elder daughter, elopes with her boyfriend, Rakesh, on the night of her marriage, Chaudhary decides to find them at any cost. His brothers and henchmen round up Rakesh's friends, including one Bablu, and hold them captive till they tell of the couple's whereabouts. They say to him that they do not know anything, but no one believes them. Meanwhile, Bablu tells his friends that he is in love with a girl of that town, whom he does not know, and he only has her dropped earring as a clue. The friends manage to escape one day, but Bablu gets a glimpse of the girl and stops in his tracks, and the boys are caught because of him.

Meanwhile, Chaudhary's younger daughter and Renu's sister, Dimpy, find Renu's love letters and tries to get rid of them, but the letters unintentionally end up in the hands of Bablu and his friends. Bablu uses them as leverage and gets Dimpy to help him find the girl he loves in exchange for Renu's location. That night, Bablu escapes and enters the house during a blackout, then ends up drunk. Dimpy finds Bablu, and he gives her the earring he discovered that belongs to the girl he fell in love with. She realizes that the girl Bablu saw was none other than Dimpy, but she stays silent.

When Chaudhary's men almost succeed in locating Renu and Rakesh, Bablu helps them escape and board a bus without detection. When his friends confront him about his deceit, Bablu defends himself, which Dimpy overhears. She inadvertently reveals this to her uncle, who demands that she identify who helped Rakesh and Renu elope. They figure out that it was Bablu and he realises that the girl he loves is none other than Dimpy. He tells Chaudhary that Rakesh-Renu are in Delhi when they threaten to kill his friends.

Bablu and his friends and Dimpy accompany Chaudhary and his men to Delhi to find the couple. At this juncture, Dimpy is kidnapped by some local goons, who attempt to rape her. Bablu manages to locate her in time and beats up the goons, winning Chaudhary's trust. In the morning, while Dimpy confesses her love to Bablu, Chaudhary spots Renu and Rakesh and chases after them, with Bablu and Chaudhary's men following close behind. They manage to catch up to them, but when Renu talks back to her father, Chaudhary is heartbroken. When Renu and Rakesh are about to be killed as punishment, Renu confesses that she is pregnant. Chaudhary decides to spare their lives, but at a cost – openly claiming that Renu is no more to him.

The group returns home, and Chaudhary arranges Dimpy's marriage with Rajjo. Bablu realizes that he misses Dimpy too much. He and his friends return for the wedding to get Dimpy to elope with Bablu. However, Chaudhary is frightened when Bablu returns after finding out about Dimpy and Bablu's love. He keeps a close eye on Bablu and Dimpy. When Chaudhary confronts Bablu, Bablu tells him that he understands how Chaudhary felt when Renu ran away from home and promised him that he would not elope with Dimpy.

When Bablu and his friends are about to leave, Rajjo arrives & beats up Bablu, but Bablu fights back and defeats him when Rajjo insults Bablu and Dimpy. They are, however, stopped at the last moment by Chaudhary. He realizes that Dimpy will only be happy if she is with Bablu and lets Bablu and Dimpy reunite. Chaudhary and the other Jat community people agree to permit inter-caste and love marriages, and Chaudhary accepts Renu back as his daughter.


Paul B. Johnson Sr.

Paul Burney Johnson Sr. (March 23, 1880 – December 26, 1943) was an American lawyer, judge, and politician. He was a United States Representative from Mississippi, 1919–1923, and Governor of Mississippi, 1940–1943. His son, Paul B. Johnson Jr., later became the Governor of Mississippi. He was a Democrat.

Yuppie

Yuppie (derived from "young upwardly-mobile professional" or "young urban professional") is a type of skilled worker. The word was coined in the early 1980s, originally in the United States, to denote a young white-collar professional working in a city.

Yuppies are generally professionals between 20 to 40 years old, usually from an intermediate living standard between the middle and upper class.

The word first appeared in a May 1980 "Chicago" magazine article by Dan Rottenberg.

Rütschenhausen

Rütschenhausen in Lower Franconia is a village in the commune Wasserlosen.

Werneck

Werneck is a market town in Schweinfurt in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Werneck is in Lower Franconia in Bavaria, about 12 km from Schweinfurt and 25 km from Würzburg. It is on a curve in the Wern, a tributary of the Main, on the edge of the plateau above the river. Its highest point is at 337.20 m of elevation, its lowest at 212.50 m. The total area of the municipality is 73.65 km², of which about 9 km² are wooded.

Werneck has the following districts: 


Wipfeld

Wipfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Wipfeld is twinned with:


Aholfing

Aholfing is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Belle Chasse, Louisiana

Belle Chasse is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Boothville, Louisiana

Boothville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

New Flyer Xcelsior

The New Flyer Xcelsior is a line of transit buses. It is made in three sizesː 35' rigid, 40' rigid, and a 60' articulated bus. New Flyer Industries started making the bus in 2008. The buses have different motors: conventional diesel, compressed natural gas (CNG), diesel-electric hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, overhead electric wire and battery electric. 

For example, a New Flyer XE40 NG is a 40' (nominal) rigid Next Generation Xcelsior with battery-electric power, or an XN60 is a 60' articulated Original Generation Xcelsior with CNG power.

Charadrahyla

Charadrahyla is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in southern Mexico. The name of this genus comes from the Greek word "charadra" ("ravine") and "Hyla". Accordingly, common name ravine treefrogs has been coined for the genus.

Scientists made this genus in 2005 after looking closely at all the frogs in Hylidae. The frogs in "Charadrahyla" are those that used to be in the "Hyla taeniopus" group as defined by in 1970. The genus was originally made using molecular markers and no morphological synapomorphies, meaning that scientists only used the frogs' genes to tell whether they should be in this group. They did not use what the frogs looked like or how their bodies worked. The closet related group to "Charadrahyla" is the genus "Megastomatohyla".

Five of the frogs in this genus were in the genus "Hyla" before 2005. Since then, scientists discovered two species of frogs for the first time, and placed them in "Charadrahyla" too. Another two were moved into "Charadrahyla" from "Exerodonta" in 2018 after scientists studied their DNA.

The frogs in "Charadrahyla" are large for frogs. They lay eggs in streams in cloud forests and humid pine-oak forests of central and southern Mexico. Most of the male frogs in this genus are long from nose to rear end and females . But the former "Exerodonta" species, "Charadrahyla juanitae" and "Charadrahyla pinorum", are much smaller, with males and females . Most species have a brownish skin on their backs with large spots (exception is "Charadrahyla altipotens").

As of 2019, there were ten species in this genus:

2020–21 NFL playoffs

The 2020–21 NFL playoffs was the playoff tournament for the 2020 season. It began on January 9, 2021 and ended with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers becoming champions by defeating the Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LV on February 7 at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida.

FC Tirol Innsbruck

FC Tirol Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck, Tyrol. They played between 1993 and 2002.
It the second split-off of FC Wacker Innsbruck. They played with their Bundesliga license. 1994 the president was arrestet and the club was saved by tyrolian politics. 

The club won under the name "FC Innsbruck Tirol" the Austrian football championship in 2000, 2001 and 2002. 2002 the club went bankrupt. The license went back to Wacker Innsbruck.


David Stenmarck

David Axel Stenmarck is a Swedish musician, songwriter and producer and CEO of Swedish based royalty-free soundtrack providing company Epidemic Sound.

David started his career as a singer before started writing and producing. He has written songs for acts such as "Westlife", "A-Teens", "Jeff Timmons", "Martin Kesici", "Martin Stenmarck", German popidol winner "Alexander" etc.

The Bing Crosby Show (1964 TV series)

The Bing Crosby Show is an American sitcom series that aired on ABC. It ran for 28 episodes between 14 September 1964 and 19 April 1965. It starred Bing Crosby as the title character, Beverly Garland, Carol Faylen, Diane Sherry, Frank McHugh.

Alblasserwaard

The Alblasserwaard is a region in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands.

It is a rural area, surrounded by the Lek river in the north, the Noord river in the west, the Beneden-Merwede and Boven-Merwede rivers in the south, and the Zederik and Linge rivers in the east.

The Alblasserwaard encompasses the municipalities of Alblasserdam, Gorinchem (except a small part in the east) , Hardinxveld-Giessendam, Molenlanden (except a tiny part in the southeast), Papendrecht, and Sliedrecht. A small part of the municipality of Vijfheerenlanden belongs also to the Alblasserwaard.

The well-known windmills of Kinderdijk can be found in the northwest corner.



12 Rules for Life

12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos is a 2018 self-help book by Canadian clinical psychologist and psychology professor Jordan Peterson. The book has sold over five million copies worldwide, and was at the top of bestseller lists in Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom.

Peterson went on a world tour after the book was released, and got a lot of attention for an interview in the UK on "Channel 4 News". Many critics liked the book's unusual style and the advice it gives, but some have criticized his writing style.

Dacope Upazila

Dacope () is an upazila of Khulna District in the Division of Khulna, Bangladesh.

Greeneville, Tennessee

Greeneville is a town in and the county seat of Greene County, Tennessee, United States. The population as of the 2020 census was 15,479. The town was named in honor of Revolutionary War hero Nathanael Greene and it is the second oldest town in Tennessee. It is the only town with this spelling in the United States, although there are numerous U.S. towns named "Greenville". The town was the capital of the short-lived State of Franklin in the 18th-century history of East Tennessee. 

Greeneville is part of the Johnson City-Kingsport- Bristol TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – most often known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

FC Swarovski Tirol

FC Swarovski Tirol was an Austrian association football club from 1986 to 1992. They came from Innsbruck, Tyrol, Austria.

The club was founded by Swarovski. It was a split-off of FC Wacker Innsbruck. They got the license it adopted and the greatest part of the team. Under Felix Latzke they reached the semifinals of the UEFA Cup 1986/97. Under manager Ernst Happel it won the Austrian football champions of 1989 and 1990 and 1990 also the Cup. In 1992 the club was dissolved and the license came back to FC Wacker.


Okatyali Constituency

Okatyali Constituency, also know as Okatjali is a constituency in Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It had 2,815 residents in 2004 and 2,051 registered voters . The capital of the constituency is Okatyali.

Okatyali constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party. The first councillor for this constituency was Paulus Kapia, who served until 1998. 

In the 2015 local and regional elections, SWAPO candidate won and became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate. In 2020, the SWAPO candidate Josįf Mupetami obtained 992 votes and won the election, followed by Aveli Nambili of the Independent Patriots for Change with 80 votes, and Silvanus Nakale of the Popular Democratic Movement with 33 votes.

PSD

PSD may refer to

Pseudis cardosoi

Pseudis cardosoi is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 33 to 46 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is 45 to 56 mm long. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw. It has strong front legs. None of its feet are webbed. It is dark green or brown in color with darker marks. It can have a narrow green or black strope down each side of its body. Its eardrum is brown or greenish brown. It can have dark lines across its hind legs.

This frog eats many different kinds of animals with bones on the outside. It can even eat plants.

The frog is named after Adão José Cardoso, a man who studied Brazil's frogs and toads.

Aiterhofen

Aiterhofen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

It is about 5 km southeast of Straubing in the Gäuboden.

Ascha

Ascha is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Atting

Atting is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Bogen, Germany

Bogen () is a town in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. Bogen is between the southern slopes of the Bavarian Forest and the River Danube. The town is at the foot of the Bogenberg, a hill on the Danube.


Falkenfels

Falkenfels is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. The English meaning of the name is "Falcon Cliff".

Feldkirchen, Lower Bavaria

Feldkirchen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Geiselhöring

Geiselhöring is a town in Straubing-Bogen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 14 km southwest of Straubing, and 30 km southeast of Regensburg.


Haibach, Lower Bavaria

Haibach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Haselbach, Bavaria

Haselbach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Haselbach is in the southern borders of the Bavarian Forest, about 11 kilometres (6,8 miles) north of the river Danube. The municipality has the village of Haselbach as well as 49 other named districts. 

Hunderdorf

Hunderdorf is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Irlbach

Irlbach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Danube River.

Kirchroth

Kirchroth is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Danube River. By the local government reform of May 1978, villages Kößnach, Oberzeitldorn, Obermiethnach, Pillnach, Pondorf, Niederachdorf, as well as Aufroth and Neuroth were incorporated.

Konzell

Konzell is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Konzell is in the south of the Bavarian Forest. Here is the spring of the Menach, which flows in the valley of Menach direction the Bogen.

The "Gallner Berg" to the south, the western peak of the Gallner, and the Kramerschopf to the east are the highest points, each reaching 710 metres. To the north is the Himmelberg at 680 metres.

To Konzell belong the urban districts Auggenbach, Denkzell, Gossersdorf and Kasparzell.

Laberweinting

Laberweinting is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

The Große Laaber and the Kleine Laber, the Bayerbach and the Grafentraubach flow through the Laberweinting.

The municipality Laberweinting has 31 villages

Leiblfing

Leiblfing is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Loitzendorf

Loitzendorf is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Aman Andom

Aman Mikael Andom (1924-1974) was an Eritrean general who was made Chairman of the Derg, and was Head of State of Ethiopia from 15 September until 17 November, 1974. 

Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg

Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg () is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg is in the middle of Bavaria in the south of Germany. The medieval cities Regensburg and Landshut are within a 30 km radius and even the major cities Munich (München) and Nürnberg are just about 100 km away.


Mariaposching

Mariaposching is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the municipal association Schwarzach.

It is on the river Danube.

Mitterfels

Mitterfels is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is the head of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Mitterfels.

Mitterfels is in the region between the Danube and the Bavarian Forest.

Neukirchen, Lower Bavaria

Neukirchen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Donau-Wald region in the Bavarian Forest.

Neukirchen has 65 districts:

Niederwinkling

Niederwinkling is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the municipal association Schwarzach.

Oberschneiding

Oberschneiding is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the south of the "Gäuboden", a very high-producing area famous for its agriculture.

Today's municipality of Oberschneiding has 31 villages previously organized in five different municipalities (Grossenpinning, Niederschneiding, Oberschneiding, Reissing and Wolferkofen). The biggest town and seat of the municipality is Oberschneiding.

Parkstetten

Parkstetten is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Perasdorf

Perasdorf is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the municipal association Schwarzach.

Perkam

Perkam is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Rain, Lower Bavaria

Rain is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Rattenberg, Bavaria

Rattenberg is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Rattiszell

Rattiszell is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Salching

Salching is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

 

Sankt Englmar

Sankt Englmar ("English": Saint Englmar) is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Schwarzach, Lower Bavaria

Schwarzach is a market town and municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is the seat of the municipal association Schwarzach. 

Catbug

Catbug is a main character on the animated American YouTube series "Bravest Warriors" created by Pendleton Ward. He is voiced by 8-year-old Sam Lavagnino, and depicted as a part cat, part ladybug creature, and has the ability to teleport through various dimensions. The character was created by "Bravest Warriors" writer/director Breehn Burns, and designed by illustrator/Cartoonist Bob Flynn. Burns has said that the character was inspired by an incident in his neighborhood when he heard a dog barking, followed by a sudden teleportation-like sound then silence, and then the sudden sound again with the return of the animal’s barks.

The character has received largely positive critical reception.

Catbug lives in the Invisible Hideout and sleeps in Wallow’s bed. Catbug is well-intentioned, but generally unhelpful during the Bravest Warriors’ adventures, though it is debatable how much he understands about the situations they find themselves in. Catbug enjoys soft tacos and sugar peas. Often childlike and seemingly carefree, the Bravest Warriors treat him much like a child and don’t hold him accountable for his actions. In “Jelly Kid Forever” Catbug decapitates Jelly Kid, but isn’t punished for it. He demonstrates pride that he “caught him for Danny” rather than concern or guilt for having apparently killed something.
We discover Catbug’s origins in “The Dimension Garden,” set 10 years before the present day, when Beth finds a baby larva in her dad’s garden. Wallow soon grows attached to the creature and falls asleep with the larva in his arms, only to wake up stuck the outside of a massive cocoon that has filled his room. Catbug emerges from the cocoon fully formed with superlative cute non sequiturs for which this character is known. In “Hamster Priest”, new sides of Catbug’s personality are presented through Catbugs from alternate dimensions, in which he takes on the persona of “Commander Catbug” and “Lord Catbug”.

Catbug is a blue-furred cat with the shell and wings of a Ladybug. He appears to run and pounce like a cat, but often stands and walks on two feet. He is capable of flight, and some strength as shown in “Aeon Worm” when he carries Beth and her dad away from the Aeon Worm and out of the See-Through Zone.

Catbug spends a lot of time with one of Wallow’s other pets, Impossibear, who seems to be the only one not at all fazed by Catbug’s adorably clueless nature. In “Catbug’s Away Team”, Chris asks Catbug, not Impossibear, to pull together an away team to handle things on the surface of the planet while the Bravest Warriors handle things in space. Rather than do his given job, Catbug ends up distracted, focusing instead on all the wrong things, like picking the right flavor of ice cream for one of the aliens (Super Chinese Peanut Butter). In the end, Catbug does not complete his mission, and Chris and Wallow question why they trusted him in the first place. This episode is wonderful display of Catbug’s childlike place on the team, and his limited attention-span. 
Catbug also hangs around with the Bravest Warriors during their downtime, and can be seen in many episodes just playing in the background as the Bravest Warriors talk.

Catbug debuted in the first Bravest Warriors mobile video game, Fly Catbug Fly, on Thursday April 10, 2014. The game was developed by Ludoko Studios for Frederator Studios / Cartoon Hangover, and released on iOS and Android devices. The game is an endless flier in the 8-bit style, inspired by classic games such as Helicopter and Katamari Damacy. In the 48-hours after its release, the game was the #1 in the Action and Arcade categories in iTunes, and in the top 10 Games overall; and #1 new game in the Google Play Store for the first week of its launch.
On April 11, TouchArcade named Fly Catbug Fly its game of the week, and wrote “What could have easily been a thrown together advergame to promote an internet cartoon is in actuality my new favorite cave flyer, even rivaling what I consider the pinnacle of the genre in Jetpack Joyride, though they're different enough from each other to happily coexist. If you're already a Bravest Warrior fan definitely give Fly Catbug Fly! a try, but even if you're never heard of the show before you really have to give it a whirl if you enjoy cave flyers.” 

Catbug is the star of a series of e-books published by Frederator Books.

Catbug made his debut in the Bravest Warriors Comics, published by BOOM! Studios. He recently appeared in their “Bravest Warriors 2014 Annual”, the issue features four separate stories, each focused entirely on Catbug.

Catbug has appeared in the following episodes of the Bravest Warriors Series:

Catbug received positive reviews from fans.

List of NFL quarterbacks with 5,000 passing yards in a season

Passing for 5,000 yards in a single regular season is a rare thing in the National Football League (NFL). Nine quarterbacks have done it. Drew Brees has the most seasons with 5,000 passing yards at 5. 

Kamaru Usman

Kamaru Usman, nicknamed "The Nigerian Nightmare" (born May 11, 1987 in Auchi, Nigeria), is a Nigerian-American professional mixed martial artist, former freestyle wrestler. Who currently competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is the current UFC Welterweight Champion. Usman was also The Ultimate Fighter 21 tournament winner.


Stallwang

Stallwang is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Steinach, Bavaria

Steinach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Straßkirchen

Straßkirchen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenfelden

Wiesenfelden is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Windberg

Windberg is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Bad Neualbenreuth

Bad Neualbenreuth (before September 2019: "Neualbenreuth") is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Bärnau

Bärnau is a town in Tirschenreuth, Bavaria, Germany. It is near the border with the Czech Republic, 25 km northeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 26 km southwest of Mariánské Lázně.

Kryszina Kicka

Kristina Kicka (born Kryszina Mikhailenko 26 March 1992 in Minsk) is a Belarusian volleyball player.

She competed in the 2013–14 Women's CEV Cup, winning the gold medal with her team, Fenerbahçe S.K. 

Brand, Bavaria

Brand is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Ebnath

Ebnath is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Erbendorf

Erbendorf () is a town in the Upper Palatinate in Germany.

The following villages are incorporated into the town:
Aschenhof, Birkenreuth, Boxdorf, Eppenhof, Frodersreuth, Glashütte, Gössenreuth, Gramlhof, Grötschenreuth, Hauxdorf, Inglashof, Napfberg, Neuenreuth, Pfaben, Plärn, Schadenreuth, Siegritz, Steinbach, Straßenschacht, Thann, Wäldern, Wetzldorf, and Wildenreuth.


Tatsiana Markevich

Tatsiana Markevitch (born 25 March 1988) is a Belarusian female volleyball player, playing as a right side hitter. She was part of the Belarus women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2013 Women's European Volleyball Championship. 


Falkenberg, Upper Palatinate

Falkenberg () is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Friedenfels

Friedenfels is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Fuchsmühl

Fuchsmühl is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Immenreuth

Immenreuth is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kastl, Tirschenreuth

Kastl is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kemnath

Kemnath () is a small town in Tirschenreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the Fichtelgebirge, 24 km southeast of Bayreuth. The town's motto is "das Tor zur Oberpfalz," which translates into English as "The Door to the Upper Palatinate."


Second French Empire

The time from about 1852 to 1870 is known as Second Empire in French history. Napoléon III was the emperor. First he had an authoritarian style of ruling, but there was a lot of opposition. Like with many other countries, industrialization (and the industrial revolution) started during his reign. France also became one of the most powerful counties in Europe. It collapsed during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-1871 during the Unification of Germany by Otto von Bismarck to create the German Empire in 1871 .

Khiladi

Khiladi () is an 2022 Indian Telugu-language action crime movie. It is written and directed by Ramesh Varma who co-produced it with Satyanarayana Koneru under A Studios. It stars Ravi Teja alongside Arjun Sarja, Unni Mukundan, Meenakshi Chaudhary, and Dimple Hayathi. It was scheduled to be released on 28 May 2021. But it has been indefinitely postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. Soundtrack and score of the film is composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The movie was finally released on 11 February 2022 in theaters.

John Henry (representative)

John Henry (November 1, 1800 – April 28, 1882) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois. Born near Stanford, Kentucky, Henry attended the public schools. He served as a private in Captain Arnett's company of Illinois volunteers in the Black Hawk War. He served as a member of the State House of Representatives 1832–1840.

Greater Danbury

Greater Danbury, also known as the Housatonic Valley Region, is a region in the state of Connecticut centered on the city of Danbury. It consists of the city of Danbury and adjacent towns in the areas around the Housatonic River and the Still River.
It consists on the towns of Bethel, Bridgewater, Brookfield, New Fairfield, New Milford, Newtown, Ridgefield, Roxbury, and Sherman for a total of 9 municipalities.

Konnersreuth

Konnersreuth is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the northeast foothills of the Steinwald mountains between the Fichtelgebirge mountains and the Upper Palatinate Forest, close to the Czech border.

Krummennaab

Krummennaab is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kulmain

Kulmain is a municipality in Tirschenreuth north of Kemnath in Bavaria in Germany.

Leonberg, Bavaria

Leonberg is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Mähring

Mähring is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Neusorg

Neusorg is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany. The town itself is the seat of Neusorg municipal federation.

Neusorg has nine districts: Neusorg, Riglasreuth, Schwarzenreuth, Stockau, Stöcken, Wäsch, Weihermühle, and Wernersreuth.

Qatar–Saudi Arabia diplomatic conflict

Diplomatic relations between Qatar and Saudi Arabia have been strained from 2014 onwards, with its peak being the Qatar diplomatic crisis of 2017.

During the first half of the 19 century, the Qatari peninsula was claimed alternatively by the House of Thani, House of Saud and House of Khalifa. On September 12, 1868, a declaration of Arab maritime peace, drafted by Sir Lewis Pelly was re-signed and re-affirmed. For the first time, Mohammed bin Thani, leader of the Guttur tribes, was asked to sign too, a move widely seen as the first international recognition of the sovereignty of Qatar.

<mapframe text="Qatar (Blue) and Parties severing diplomatic relations with Qatar during Qatar diplomatic crisis (red). "Click on the countries highlighted in red for more information"" width="300" height="161" zoom="2" longitude="27.861328" latitude="13.83808" align="right">
</mapframe>
In 1968, the British Government announced its plans to withdraw troops from "East of Suez" , leaving behind the seven Trucial Sheikhdoms, Bahrain and Qatar. After these plans were announced by the British Prime Minister Harold Wilson on 16 January 1968, attempts were made for the creation of a federation of Arab Emirates. In a summit with the Sheikhs of Qatar, Bahrain, and the seven Trucial Sheikhdoms, the declaration of union for a federation with nine rulers, proposed by the Qatari government, was approved. After multiple disputes, Qatar declared its independence on September 1, 1971, and became the second independent Gulf Sheikhdom, after Bahrain. Shortly after, on September 5, 1971, the United States recognized Qatar as an Independent State, beginning diplomatic relations on March 19, 1972.

In a move supported financially, politically and militarily by Saudi Arabia, Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani deposed Ahmad bin Ali on February 22, 1972. The new leadership could rely on continued support from Saudi Arabia, as the House of Thani (the ruling family of Qatar) had been supported by the House of Saud (the ruling family of Saudi Arabia) since the beginning of Wahhabism.

In the 1995 Qatari "coup d'état", Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani seized power from his father, Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani, and transformed Qatar into a rival of Saudi Arabia. Under Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani's rule, Al Jazeera was founded, a Qatari government-funded international Arabic-language news channel.

In preparation of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, Qatar opened the Al Udeid Air Base in 2002, hosting United States Air Force personnel. As Saudi Arabia objected against having the base on their land, this move is seen as pivotal in turning Qatar into a strategic partner of the United states and a rival of Saudi Arabia.

Diplomatic relations were cut for five years between 2002 and 2008 after Saudi Arabia removed their ambassador from Qatar. In the midst of the Arab Spring, Qatar's pro-Arab Spring policies resulted in resistance from other member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council. In March 2014, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates removed their ambassadors from Qatar - a move not seen before in the history of the GCC. In November 2014 the ambassadors returned to Doha, Qatar.

The started in June 2017 when Saudi Arabia, along with Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain severed diplomatic relations and blocked all entries to Qatar via air, sea or land. Saudi Arabia's severing of diplomatic ties was based upon the accusation that Qatar supported the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, and that the Al Jazeera news coverage interfered with internal affairs, undermining authority. 

Saudi Arabia led the coalition against Qatar and issued an ultimatum with a list of 13 demands for Qatar. Qatar dismissed the demands, but through Kuwait as mediator dialogue was opened.

Diplomatic relations were restored in Januray 2021, after a blockage of more than three years, resolving the Gulf crisis. The conflict was mediated though joint efforts by Kuwait and the United States through drafting of a resolution. On 16 January 2021, Saudi Arabia announced it would open their embassy in Doha within days.


Pechbrunn

Pechbrunn is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Iran–Saudi Arabia proxy conflict

The Iran–Saudi Arabia proxy conflict, also named the New Middle Eastern Cold War, refers to the struggle between its two main actors - Iran and Saudi Arabia. They are not confronting each other militarily, however, as the contest for political influence in the region mainly plays out in other Middle Eastern states. The rivalry is primarily a political and economic struggle exacerbated by the history between the two countries.

Beginning with the rule of King Saud in 1932, Saudi Arabia has claimed to be the Muslim representative involving the Sunni Wahhabi ideology, initiated by the state, and being the guard of the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. Iran, on the other hand, has been affiliated with Shia Islam and declared to be the protector of Islam during the 1979 Iranian Revolution, when Khomeini seized power of the country; this marked the beginning of the proxy conflict as it undermined Saudi Arabia's image as leader of the Muslim World. Another important event in 1979 was the , where extremist insurgents protested against westernization of the monarchy and called for the overthrow of the house of Saud. Though the state captured them, the monarchy took over their demands for stricter Islamization policies to re-establish its Islamic legitimacy. Before 1979, Iran and Saudi Arabia managed cordial ties. However, these relations were not without tensions.

The Arab Spring of 2011 was a wave of uprisings that caused political instability. These uprisings were mainly concerned with economic, political, and social issues.

Iran's main strategic allies are the Syrian government led by Assad and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. Syria's main incentive for their relations with Iran was to find a new counterforce to its main enemies, Israel and Iraq. The relationship between Hezbollah and Iran can be explained in political and religious terms, as Hezbollah shares Iran's Shiite Islamist ideology, and in financial terms as Iran has played a role in funding Hezbollah's military wing. Additionally, Yemen's Houthis have an alleged relationship with Iran.

The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) comprised Saudi Arabia as a de facto leader, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait, and the United Arab Emirates, has been described as an important ally to Saudi Arabia in this conflict. Concerns over Iran's expansionary goals following the 1979 revolution are said to be the main drivers for the creation of the GCC in 1981 as a regional political, economic, and security alliance. It is important to note that there are numerous political and ideological differences among the GCC's members, and their positions towards Iran are not identical. Especially Qatar and Oman have pursued a strategy of maintaining positive relations, emphasizing independent trade and commercial links to Iran.

Although nations such as the United States, Israel and Turkey play an important role in the Middle East, they have not played a decisive role in this conflict. This is because they are concerned with the regional balance of power. Still, their interests are not as directly tied up with every detail of the competition between Iran and Saudi Arabia. However, all three nations tend to lean more towards Saudi Arabia.

Several Middle Eastern states have been battlegrounds for the geopolitical and geo-sectarian friction between Saudi Arabia and Iran with destabilizing effects.

The first proxy war was set in Iraq, involving Saddam Hussein invasion of Iran in response to the 1979 Revolution and its commitment to exporting its ideology to other countries. This resulted in the eight-year eighth-year-long Iran-Iraq war, in which Saudi Arabia backed Ir, ref, When Iraqi troops invaded Saudi Arabia's ally Kuwait in 1990, however, Saudi got directly involved in the offensive against Iraq with the help of the United States. In 2003 the Americans led an invasion toppling the Iraqi government, creating a power vacuum in the region. Because Iran was concerned that they might be the next target of the Americans, it supported Shiite militias in their fight against American forces. Saudi Arabia remained more passive during the invasion, likely to avoid any complications in its relations with the United States. As the American troops withdrew from Iraq in 2011 and with the rise of Islamic State in 2014, Iran's influence in the country grew. More recently, Iran has played a role in suppressing the Iraqi Kurdish call for independence, whereas Saudi Arabia are said to support the Kurds.

The Syrian civil war began as a part of the Arab uprisings in 2011, when civilians protested against the government for greater freedom and openness, to which the regime responded with great violence. While Iran and Hezbollah back the Assad regime through the provision of weaponry, military technology, and financial support, Saudi Arabia and other GCC states support the various resistance groups that actively oppose the regime.

The Yemeni Civil War began in 2014, when the Houthis aligned with Iran and took control of the capital, Sana, in an attempt to take over the country. The government was sent into exile in Saudi Arabia, which formed a coalition with the UAE against the Houthis. They heavily bombarded the nation, causing many civilian deaths. In addition, the coalition-backdrops Yemeni opposition groups. Iran, which had a relationship with the Houthis before 2014, expanded their military aid to support the Houthi movement.

Saudi Arabia and Iran have spent decades trying to expand their influence in Bahrain. The estimate percentage of Shia in the Bahraini population is between 60% and 70%, which concerns the neighboring Sunni countries because they fear a Shiite revolution against the government incited by Iran. Bahrain's Sunni ruling al-Khalifa family and the Sunni dynasties in the region have also accused Iran for provoking the Bahraini anti-government Uprising during the Arab Spring in February 2011. The protesters were non-sectarian and wanted greater political representation. The uprising was shut down after the Bahraini government requested help from neighboring countries. Saudi-Arabia deployed more than one thousand troops with armored support in an attempt to prevent Iranian involvement in the country but also to put a stop to democratic aspirations from spreading into the Gulf region.

For years, Iran's and Saudi Arabia's nuclear ambitions have gained much international attention. According to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, "Although Saudi Arabia does not possess weapons of mass destruction, Saudi officials have hinted at the desirability of possessing nuclear weapons to counter the nuclear ambitions of rival regional Iran." In 2015, Iran concluded an agreement restricting its nuclear program in exchange for sanction relief. Saudi Arabia felt threatened by this deal, fearing that the easing of sanctions would allow Iran to further support Shia groups in the Middle East. In 2018, the U.S. withdrew from the deal.

Plößberg

Plößberg is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Pullenreuth

Pullenreuth is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kurdistan Workers' Party

The Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) is a Kurdish militant organization and armed guerrilla movement currently operating in Turkey founded by Abdullah Öcalan in the 1970s. Since 1984 there have been many clashes between them and the Turkish government. They once sought for an independent socialist state, now they want more autonomy and democratic confederalism. They are recognised as a terrorist organisation by Turkey, United States, and the European Union.

The organization can be traced back to 1972-1973 when a group of revolutionary students got together led by Abdullah Öcalan. After the military coup of 1971, many leftists groups went underground to avoid repression by the generals in the name of restoring law and order. It was established as a party in 1978 and it held its foundation congress in November of the same year. In 1980 there was another coup which resulted in the ruling of Turkish Armed Forces for three years. In 1983 a law passed to prohibit the use of the Kurdish language, and the Turkish forces committed several human rights abuses.
In 1984 a guerrilla war between the PKK and the Turkish state started, although attacks from both sides had been performed before. It was met with a violent military reaction, and repeated clashes caused many losses and massive migrations. The following years resulted in continuous fighting and tension, leading up to the capture and imprisonment of leader Öcalan in 1999 and their admitted military defeat. This led to internal divisions in the party. 
Since the divisions, several ceasefires have been declared and peace talks have been held. However, the conflict has not ended and recently there has been a renewed rise in violence. 

The PKK started as an ideologically leftist nationalist movement which applied Marxism-Leninism thought of class struggle and national liberation to the Kurdish national context. Through their first years (1978-1986) their goal was achieving independence from Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and Syria. They also wanted to seize state power through armed revolution to establish a Kurdish socialist state.
Their ideology went through changes from 1985 until 1995. This was a period in which Öcalan made various criticisms of socialist organizations at the time, questioning the focus on state led socialism and calling for a merging of socialist ideals with democratic and pluralist ones.During this time their ideal of creating an independent state shifted and a political solution without separatism was proposed.

These changes further developed after 1999 after Öcalan was imprisoned and started reading Murray Bookchin. Since then, the PKK has shifted to an ideology of democratic confederalism with a strong focus on radical direct democracy, feminism and environmentalism. This has also led to a change in their demands as they no longer believe in the nation-state and therefore seek autonomy and the slow disappearance of borders rather than an independent state.

The party has used several guerrilla tactics since its existence, taking inspiration from Che Guevara’s Guerrilla Warfare. One of these was the strategic use of mountains they were familiar with, but Turkish armed forces were not. To escape from Turkish persecution, members of the PKK have also strategically crossed borders to Syria, Iraq or Iran. In the 1990s, they started using bomb attacks and shifted to positional warfare.
Along with its ideological change since the 1990s the PKK also experienced strategic transformations. They entered the field of law, electoral politics and media. Additionally, after Öcalan's arrest the PKK argued that they went into defense mode militarily without giving up their armed struggle, and put focus into constructing a civil society and electoral politics. 
Because of their use of guerrilla tactics and positional warfare, the PKK is registered as a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the European Union, NATO, and most Western governments. Yet, this definition has been contested by other countries, the PKK itself and other institutions.

Reuth bei Erbendorf

Reuth bei Erbendorf is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Tirschenreuth

Tirschenreuth (Northern Bavarian: "Dirschnrad", "Diascharad") is the capital city of the district of Tirschenreuth. It is in the northeast of Bavaria, close to the Czech-Bavarian border.

Tirschenreuth is in the north of Upper Palatinate administrative region, about 75 miles north of Regensburg and 35 miles east of Bayreuth.

The following villages were incorporated in Tirschenreuth

Tirschenreuth is twinned with:

Waldershof

Waldershof is a town in Tirschenreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 22 km northwest of Tirschenreuth, and 3 km southwest of Marktredwitz.

The 60 square kilometer City of Waldershof is bounded on the North by the City of Marktredwitz. The boundary line between the two cities is also the border for the counties of Tirschenreuth and Wunsiedel as well as the regional zones of the Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia.

Zeitler, Walther. (Ed.). (1988). Heimatbuch der Stadt Waldershof. Amberg, Bavaria, Germany: Vereinigte Oberpfaelzische Druckereien und Verlagsanstalt Gmbh, Translated by: Walter Swett

Wiesau

Wiesau is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Altenmarkt an der Alz

Altenmarkt an der Alz is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Bergen, Upper Bavaria

Bergen is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Chieming

Chieming is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

The name "Chieming", "Chiemsee" and the name of the area "Chiemgau" go back to the Old High German personal name "Chiemo" (7th/8th century). At the end of the 8th century the name "Chiemgau" appeared for the first time in documents as "Chimigaoe" but it stood at that time for a smaller area around the village of Chieming.

In Chieming there are


Engelsberg

Engelsberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria in Germany.

Fridolfing

Fridolfing is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Grabenstätt

Grabenstätt is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Grassau, Bavaria

Grassau is a market town in Traunstein in Bavaria in Germany. It is south of lake Chiemsee in the valley of the Tiroler Ache.

Grassau has the following districts of:

Colonial Heights, Tennessee

Colonial Heights is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 3,055 at the 2020 census. 

It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Piney Flats, Tennessee

Piney Flats is an unincorporated community in Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Tennessee.

It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Northeast State Community College (Tennessee)

Northeast State Community College is a public community college based in Blountville, Tennessee. It offers technical education in Blountville, Elizabethton, Gray, Johnson City, and Kingsport. The school has more than 6,000 students.
Northeast State offers associate degrees in more than 130 programs of study. They can be transferred to some four-year colleges and universities. Northeast State also offers academic and technical certificates in more than a twelve areas of study.


Kingsport-Bristol-Bristol, TN-VA MSA

The Kingsport–Bristol–Bristol, Tennessee-Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area is a Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in Northeast Tennessee and Southwest Virginia.

As of a 2009 estimation, the area had a population of 305,629.




Uperodon taprobanicus

The Sri Lankan bullfrog, Sri Lankan Kaloula, Indian painted frog, Ceylon Kaloula, Sri Lankan painted frog, common bullfrog, or painted globular frog ("Uperodon taprobanicus") is a frog that lives in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh.

The adult male frog can be as large as 7.5 cm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is larger. The skin on their backs is gray or black with a mark between the eyes. On the sides, they can be red or orange with an orange mark from the eye to the front leg. Their bellies are yellow with brown or black spots. The adult male frog's throat turns black during mating season.

This frog digs holes in the ground calls burrows, but it can climb trees too. It can live in rice paddies and other places where humans have changed the forest into something else.

After a large rain, the male frogs swim in ponds. They sing for the females while they swim. The female frogs lay eggs that float on the water. The tadpoles are black in color.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It eats many kinds of insects and also termites.

On Rameshwaran Island near India, scientists have seen this frog live in the same burrows as "Poecilotheria hanumavilasumica " tarantula spiders. However, they are not sure whether the spiders use the frogs to protect their eggs or whether the frogs live in the burrows without harming or helping the spiders. Scientists have seen this species of tarantula eating this species of frog.

This frog can die from the chemicals that human beings put in the environment. These are chemicals that humans use on purpose to kill pests, make crops grow, and also pollution.

No More Movement

The No More Movement is a global movement of Ethiopians advocating the stop of foreign interference inside of Ethiopia. The motto of the group is "Hands of Ethiopia." The movement has no central authority but has organization supporting and organizing rallies for the movement throughout countries as the United States, and Europe. 

The No More movement had protests as notable places as the White House, the Canadian Parliament, and other high foreign government officials' offices. 

Protests in America and specifically in Washington D.C were organized by the Peace and Unity for Ethiopian Association Washington Task Force. The protests occurred in The Washington D.C. metropolitan area, which boasts the largest population of Ethiopians in the United States. Some local experts estimate there are as many as 250,000 Ethiopian Americans here, including both immigrants and US-born descendants. Now, as fighting in Ethiopia intensifies, protesters both for and against the country's government are taking to the streets of Washington. The protests in Washington D.C and the rest of America emphasized that the U.S should have "Hands Off Ethiopia." The protest in Washington by Ethiopians had a message that the designated terrorist TPLF group should be denounced by foreign governments and not be helped in any shape or way. 

Ethiopian people living in Canda had also demonstrated in the northmost region of North America. They participated in protesting on the grounds of Manitoba's legislative grounds on Sunday carrying Ethiopian flags and signs that said "No More." The protests also carried out to protest outside the U.S consulate in Calgary, Canada. Protests also carried out through Toronto and other parts of the country.

The movement was supported by the Ethiopian government and allowed huge contributors to the movement to be greeted and welcomed by officials at Bole International Airport.

Rheohyla miotympanum

The small-eared hyla, small-eared tree frog ("Rheohyla miotympanum") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1000 and 2282 meters above sea level.

O. Panneerselvam

Ottakarathevar Panneerselvam, popularly known as OPS (born 14 January 1951) is an Indian politician who was the 6th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2016 to 2017 and previously 2001 to 2002 and 2014 to 2015.

Paranomus

Paranomus is a genus of 18 species of flowering plants, commonly known as "sceptres". They are in the protea family. It is endemic to the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa.

Queen of Fist

Queen of fist () is a 1972 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Hsien Chin-Chu as Kung Fu Mama, Zhang Qingqing as Ma Ai-Chen, Jimmy Wang Yu as Ma Yung-Chen, Kang Kai, Tzu Lan, Wong Fei-lung as the gang leader.

An elderly mother travels to Shanghai to look for her missing children. She discovers that the boss Lin Hie killed his son and is holding his daughter captive.

So, she wants to kill the gang leader.

Unicoi, Tennessee

Unicoi is a town in Unicoi County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 3,632 at the 2010 census and 3,833 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area. 

It is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Saguinus bicolor

The pied tamarin ("Saguinus bicolor") is a critically endangered monkey species found in a small area of the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest. It was named the mascot of Manaus, Brazil in 2005.

It is a New World monkey. It is found at the city limits of Manaus, the capital of the Amazonas state of Brazil and up to 35 km to the north and 100 km to the east. The main distribution is between two rivers: Rio Cuieiras and Rio Preto da Eva. Pied tamarins are also found between Rio Preto da Eva and Rio Urubu, but are more rare there. There appears to be interspecific competition between the pied tamarin and the red-handed tamarin. The red-handed tamarin is expanding its range by taking over parts of the pied tamarin's range. There are therefore multiple threats to the long-term survival of the pied tamarin that stem from habitat destruction and from interspecific competition.

The pied tamarin is found in old-growth forests, sand forest and smaller secondary forest fragments. Their density is higher in secondary forest fragments than in primary forest.

Pastel de nata

Pastel de nata is a Portuguese egg custard tart pastry made with cinnamon. Not only popular in Portugal, they are also popular in other parts of Western Europe, Asia and in former Portuguese colonies such as Brazil, Mozambique, Macau and East Timor.

"Pastéis de nata" were created by Catholic monks at the Hieronymites Monastery in Saint Mary of Bethlehem, in Lisbon. During that time, convents and monasteries used egg-whites for starching clothes being part of their religious habits. They also used the leftover egg yolks to make cakes and sweet pastries.

After the Liberal Revolution of 1820 in Portugal, people abandoned religion and closed down many convents and monasteries, the monks started selling "pastéis de nata" to bring in income. In 1834, the monastery was closed and the recipes sold to the sugar refinery owners. In 1837, the super refinery owners opened the Fábrica de Pastéis de Belém and made pastries.

Since the opening of Fábrica de Pastéis de Belém, the original recipe of the pastel de nata is kept as a secret. The recipe is unchanged to this day and is known by very few people. The Fábrica de Pastéis de Belém, remains the most popular place to buy pastéis de nata around Lisbon. The shop is located near the Jerónimos Monastery. 

In 2009 "The Guardian" listed "pastéis de Belém" as one of the 50 "best things to eat" in the world and has over 50,000 reviews and ratings on Tripadvisor for its iconic pastéis de nata.

In 2011, following the result of a public vote, the pastry was announced as one of Portugal's Seven Wonders of Gastronomy, it is one of the country's most popular national dishes.




Charadrahyla taeniopus

The porthole tree frog ("Charadrahyla taeniopus") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests 1100 to 2200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 68.8 to 75.1 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 69.4 to 75.3 mm long. They have disks on their toes for climbing and all four feet are webbed. This frog has a brown belly with large brown marks and small yellow marks. This frog has a white or silver throat. The adult female frogs are red-brown with brown marks on their backs. The adult male frogs are black-brown with yellow marks on their backs. This frog looks very much like "Ecnomiohyla miotympanum" but it is larger and "Ecnomiohyla miotympanum" is smaller.

Adult frogs eat insects. The tadpoles eat algae and dead things.

This frog is vulnerable to dying out because human beings change the places where it likes to live by building farms. This frog needs the shade from forests or it will dry out and die. The chemicals that human beings use to kill pests, for example DDT, can also kill this frog too. The DDT can go into the frog's body through its skin. Or the frog can eat other animals with DDT in their bodies.

Human beings also catch this frogs to eat or sell.

This frog lives in a town called Atzalan in Veracruz and it is on the town's official shield symbol. It is on many of Atzalan's monuments. People have eaten this frog for food for hundreds of years, since the Aztec culture or earlier. People cook them in soup or make cakes called Calate cakes.

Human beings who live in Atzalan believe the frogs come on the same day of the year, September 29, that San Andrés Apóstol and the Archangel Michael were venerated.

People also catch these frogs to use in medicines or sell as pets.

Theodore G. Bilbo

Theodore Gilmore Bilbo (October 13, 1877 – August 21, 1947) was an American politician who first served as Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi (1912–1916), then served 2 terms as Governor of Mississippi (1916–1920, 1928–1932), then served as a US Senator (1935–1947). A lifelong Democrat, he was a filibusterer whose name was synonymous with racism and white supremacy. Like many Southern Democrats during his era, he defended segregation.

He died on August 21, 1947 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was 69 years old.

The Princess Switch: Romancing the Star

The Princess Switch: Romancing the Star is a 2021 Christmas romantic crime comedy film. It stars Remy Hii, Vanessa Hudgens, and Sam Palladio. It is the sequel to . It was released on November 18, 2021.

When a priceless Christmas relic is stolen, royal look-alikes Margaret and Stacy turn to audacious doppelgänger Fiona -- and her dashing ex -- for help.

Felix Reda

Felix Reda (born 30 November 1986) is a German researcher and politician who was a Member of the European Parliament. He was part of the Greens-European Free Alliance and previously a member of the Pirate Party in Germany.

In 2019 Reda became a fellow at the Shuttleworth Foundation and an affiliate at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University.

On 26 January 2022, Reda came out as a transgender man.

Kyle Trask

Kyle Jacob Trask (born March 6, 1998) is an American football player for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He played college football at the University of Florida. He was selected by the Buccaneers in the second round of the 2021 NFL Draft.

2021 NFL Draft

The 2021 NFL Draft was the 86th National Football League Draft, the yearly meeting of National Football League (NFL) teams to select players for the 2021 NFL season. The draft was held in Cleveland from April 29 to May 1, 2021.

Trevor Lawrence

William Trevor Lawrence (born October 6, 1999) is an American football player for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He was selected first in the 2021 NFL draft. In his first year of college, he won the 2019 National Championship Game at Clemson University.

Mac Jones

Michael McCorkle "Mac" Jones (born September 5, 1998) is an American football player for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. In his third year of college, he won the 2021 College Football Playoff National Championship at Alabama. He was selected fifteenth in the 2021 NFL Draft.

Lists of National Football League team seasons

This is a list of the active National Football League teams all time win, loss, tie, and winning percentage records. The teams are listed by year each became active. Updated through Super Bowl LIII.

Penei Sewell

Penei Sewell (born October 9, 2000) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the offensive tackle position. He played college football for the Oregon Ducks. Sewell did not play in his third year in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and entered for the 2021 NFL Draft, where he was selected seventh by the Lions.

Amon-Ra St. Brown

Amon-Ra Julian Heru J. St. Brown is a wide receiver for the Detroit Lions. He played college football at USC and was selected by the Lions in the fourth round of the 2021 NFL Draft.

2020 NFL season

The 2020 NFL season was the 101st season of the National Football League (NFL). The season ended with Tampa Bay defeating Kansas City in Super Bowl LV at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida, on February 7, 2021.

Ondangwa

Ondangwa, formerly Ondangua is a town in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia, bordering the Oshikoto Region. Ondangwa was first settled by the Finnish Missionary Society in 1890, which is Lutheran.

Ondangwa is located about from the Angolan border, with 23,000 people currently living there. Most of the residents of the town speak the language of Oshindonga.

Ondangwa is the district capital of the Ondangwa Urban electoral constituency.

Mike Marriott

Mike Marriott (born 1949 in Essex) is a British singer-songwriter, folk-musician and street-artist. Marriott travels all over Europe. He mainly lives now in Belgium and Austria. As a street artist, he plays the guitar and different harps, carrying a bass drum with a Hi-hat on his bag and different percussion instrument on his feet. In his earlier years he published at least three LPs.


Ondangwa Urban

Ondangwa Urban is a constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. 23,233 people lived there in 2016 and 17,967 registered voters . The constituency office is in Ondangwa.

Ondangwa is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party. These people havebeen councillors of Ondangwa Urban constituency:


The 2015 regional elections was won by Elia Irimari of SWAPO with 1,518 votes, ahead of Vincent Asser of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 232 votes and Anna Nikanor of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 117 votes. The SWAPO candicate also won the 2020 regional election. Leonard Negonga won with 2,921 votes over Olavi Negonga of the Independent Patriots for Change with 2,434 votes. Independent candidate Angelina Immanuel came third with 525 votes.


List of Austrian women's football champions

The Austrian women's football champions are the winners of the highest league of women's football in Austria.
ÖDF:ÖDFU-Liga

WFV:Damenliga Ost – 1. Leistungsstufe
ÖFB: Frauen-Bundesliga 

Inzell

Inzell is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Inzell is in a wide valley floor in the Chiemgau Alps, enclosed by the mountains of Rauschberg, Zinnkopf, Teisenberg and the range of Staufen. In the municipality, the convergence of the Großwaldbach and Falkenseebach rivers forms the Rote Traun river. Inzell is also known as the gateway to Berchtesgaden National Park due to the "Zwing", a mountain passage between Inzell and Weißbach, which separates the Chiemgau from Berchtesgaden.


Kienberg, Bavaria

Kienberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

AeroAndina MXP-150 Kimbaya

The AeroAndina MXP-150 Kimbaya is a Colombian light aircraft was designed and produced by AeroAndina.

This aircraft is no longer in the making.


Gay man

A gay man is a homosexual man. This means a man who is sexually attracted to other men, and not to women.

Gay men were involved in the early gay liberation (a movement of homosexuals who want to be treated equally to heterosexuals) movement. Gay liberation is the political and social movements that promote LGBT equality and rights. However, there was conflict between homosexuals and transgender people in the gay right's movement. In the 1970s some homosexual activists wanted the transgender people out of the gay's rights movement. They wanted gay liberation to be accepted by society. They believed transgender people were less accepted by society and might hurt the gay movement.

Many gay couples want to have children of their own. In order to raise children, they sometimes adopt. However some places do not allow homosexual couples to adopt children, so many of them want to be able to adopt children.

Some gay couples also have their own biological children. To do this they may use surrogates. This is when sperm from one father is placed in a female surrogate to make a pregnancy. Some gay men do this with a friend they choose to be the donor. However many may use professional surrogate agencies. These are medical businesses that match couples who need surrogates with women who will carry the child until birth.

Unlike lesbian sex between females, gay sex is against the law in many places. Some religions that say nothing about gay female sex but condemn gay sex between men. Abrahamic religions usually see all homosexual relations as immoral.

In most parts of the world gay couples cannot marry. This means they do not have the legal benefits and protection of marriage. This can cause gay men, and lesbians, many problems.


Ulugʻbek Qodirov

Ulugʻbek Qodirov (sometimes spelled Ulugʻbek Kadirov in English), () (born August 3, 1983) is an actor from Uzbekistan. 

Qodirov was born on August 3, 1983, in Tashkent. He graduated from the Art Institute of Uzbekistan. In 2005 he received the "Best Young Actor of the Year" award in Uzbekistan. Ulugʻbek Qodirov got famous in 2009 after starring in the Uzbek drama movie "Shabbona".

Today he lives and works in the USA. One of the movies that made him popular was the 2016 movie Baron. This movie was recognized as the movie that made new history in Uzbek cinema. In addition, the movie "Traitor", dedicated to the events in Andijan in 2005, brought a great reputation to him.



Below is a chronologically ordered list of films in which Ulugbek Qodirov has appeared.


1860 civil conflict in Mount Lebanon and Damascus

The 1860 civil conflict in Mount Lebanon and Damascus (also called the 1860 Syrian Civil War) was a civil conflict in Mount Lebanon during Ottoman rule in 1860–1861 fought mainly between the local Druze and Christians. 

The violence was at the beginning of the conflict targeted at the Maronites, but other Christian groups were targeted as well, such as members of the Greek orthodox church in Damascus. Many Christian villages were destroyed in this war, along with their churches and monasteries. People were forced to abandon their homes and villages and became refugees. Also many people were killed.

There has been tensions and periods of conflict between the Druzes and Maronites in Mount Lebanon, even before the civil war in 1860 started. 

The region in Mount Lebanon was divided in a Christian division and a Druze division with each their own governor. This all happened under Ottoman rule. The friction started to grow between the two groups, partly because of the involvement of outside powers. The British supported the Druzes and the French supported the Christians, while the Ottomans wanted to maintain its power all the way.

The motivation for the Maronite peasant uprising was driven by economic factors and had a class-related struggle for equality.

The publication of caused a reaction among Maronite peasants in Keserwan. It highlighted the social inequality and their low status: along with the daily abuse they endured they got inspired to demand for a stop on their feudal duties. Tanyus Shahin, a Maronite peasant leader, demanded that the feudal class would abolish its privileges. The feudal class refused. This started a revolutionary wave of Lebanese peasants preparing for an armed struggle against the Druzes. As a reaction, Druzes started to arm themselves too. This revolutionary wave eventually started to look like a civil war and ended in a massacre of the Maronite people.

It is not exactly clear who the civil war started, and when it started. The Christians claimed that the Ottomans and/or the Druzes started it, whereas the Druzes claim that the Christians started it. The date of the beginning of the war is being debated. Some say that the 27 of May 1860 was the beginning, others say that it's the 29 of May. It is likely that the war started with murder and revanche killings in between families, where eventually local communities got involved. Along with the killings’, harvested crops pf Druzes were being raided by Maronites, villages were being plundered and afterwards burned down, causing many people having to flee their homes.

After only one month of violent confrontations between the two, the attacks became more and more violent, killing more and more people. The killings were mostly done at random which made them more frightening. People were already fleeing the region before the war due to the tensions running high, but after the killing of 165 people in Jezzine along with more than 1000 killings in the nearby region, many more people fled the region immediately. While they were on the run for the violence, they met violence: many people were attacked by Druzes in their attempt to flee. At the end of June 1860, there were an estimated 80,000 people on the run for the violence in Mount Lebanon, many of them went to Damascus.
The war started to spread from Mount Lebanon and Damascus got involved. Many people who lived in Damascus were not directly involved in the war at first, but the tensions rose in the city because of the many Christian refugees that had fled to Damascus.

Christians who already lived in Damascus tried to help the Christian refugees, even some Muslims offered help to the refugees. When the Druze booked more and more victories in the war, the violence against Christians in Damascus increased. In the second and third week of July 1860, the Damascus massacre happened. The Christians in Damascus were attacked by violent groups of Druzes, they were looting, and destroying homes and places of worship. The Christian part of Damascus was completely destroyed after the massacre (as to be seen in the picture on this page). 

The aftermath of this extreme outburst of violence was a city covered in a heavy atmosphere of devastation. The city and its inhabitants remained uptight. A letter published in July 1869 in the "Daily News" stated that over 7,000 to 8,000 people were killed in the Damascus massacre which also caused an enormous number of people being widowed or orphaned. Other sources even claim that an estimated 20,000 Christians were killed by the Druze in the war. 

France wanted to put an end to the violence that was occurring and decided to send 6,000-7,000 troops to Syria. Napoleon Bonaparte had the perfect opportunity to gain Syria as a territory, while also claiming to save the Christians from the violence that they had to endure.

The Ottomans did not want France to intervene because they were afraid that it would enlarge French power in the Ottoman region. As a reaction to the coming of French troops they send to Damascus, with the intention to end the conflict before the French had arrived. Pasha ordered a mass execution of more than one hundred Druzes, in the hopes of restoring order in the region, while also pleasing Bonaparte by firmly punishing the Muslims and no Christians. 

Eventually the French troops arrived in August 1860, but there were agreements made between several countries (England, Russia, France, Austria, Prussia, and Turkey) to limit the powers and the stay of the French troops, along with their own troops. There were around 12,000 foreign troops in Syria in an effort to stop the conflict. When this agreement came to an end, Bonaparte tried to extend the stay of his troops, but got threatened by England and Austria with war. In July 1861 the French troops left and Bonaparte’s plan to gain Syria as a territory failed. 

Battle of Chaldiran

The Battle of Chaldiran (23 August 1514) was fought between the Ottoman Empire of Selim I and the Safavids in the area of Chaldiran in the eastern Anatolian plateau. The Ottomans won and sp the Ottomans took eastern Anatolia and northern Iraq from the Safavids. The loss of Anatolia was a turning point for Safavid history. One feature of the battle was that the Ottomans used guns and cannons to defeat the cavalry corps. However, the Ottomans led more than twice as many troops as the Safavids, and it said that the difference in troop strength made the difference between victory and defeat. The defeat of the Safavids in the battle destroyed the myth of Islam I's supremacy and had historical significance by switching of the Kurds from belonging the Safavids to belonging to the Ottomans. Kurdish sheikhs, who had initially accepted Safavid suzerainty, recognized that the power of the Safavid dynasty had begun to wane since Ismail's defeat at Chaldiran and began to assert their independence. Then, Selim I won the loyalty of the Ottomans by providing financial and military support to the Kurdish sheikhs.

At the beginning of the 16th century, the Muslim world was dominated by three major empires. The Ottoman Empire had conquered Constantinople and controlled the Balkans and Anatolia. The Safavid Empire had conquered a large territory under Ismail I and expanded its power in Iran by using Turkic cavalrymen known as the Qizilbash. The Mamluk Sultanate ruled the regions of Egypt, The Levant and Hejaz.

A severe threat to the Ottoman Empire was the Safavid dynasty. After the Battle of Chaldiran, the Ottomans would turn their attention to conquering the holy Islamic cities of Mecca and Medina from the Mamluk Sultanate. The Safavids would recover from this defeat and become one of the three major empires of the Islamic world with the Ottoman Empire and the Mughal Empire, the latter of which controlled South Asia.

The Safavid dynasty was founded in March 1501 by Ismail I, a 15-year-old descendant of the Safavid family from Azerbaijan, Iran. The Safavids were hostile to the Ottoman Empire, which was Sunni, as their state religion was Shi'a. Furthermore, the Safavids became a threat to the Ottoman Empire because of the growing support among the Turkic nomads of eastern Anatolia.

Ismail aimed to create a Shia society, and forced conversions took place. There was a massacre of Sunnis who rebelled against the policy in the Tabriz. In addition, Ismail expanded his control by annexing Azerbaijan and large parts of Iran, Baghdad, Khorasan, and Diyarbakr.

When Sultan Selim ascended to the Ottoman throne in 1512, relations between the Ottoman Empire and the Safavid dynasty changed radically. Selim I gained the position of sultan after a power struggle with his brothers. He eliminated his brothers, who were rivals for the throne, one after the other, and one of them fled to Ismail I of the Safavid dynasty. Furthermore, Selim ruled Trabzon for nearly 25 years from 1487 and was based in Trabzon to fight the Safavid invasion. That experience also contributed to Selim's conviction that the Safavid threat was the biggest problem for the Ottoman Empire. In 1514, he launched a campaign against the Safavids against Shah Ismail to conquer eastern Anatolia, including Erzurum and Erzincan.

The Ottoman army was dominated by elite and included an additional 200 cannons, 100 field guns and 8 000 camels. In contrast, the Safavid cavalry was less than half of the Ottoman army. In that battle, the Safavid cavalry of Qizilbash attacked in a mass assault, and the Ottoman Army then responded with artillery fire. Ismail I had been proposed to surprise the Ottomans before they had finished their positions, but he scoffed at that proposal and decided to wait for the enemy's positions and to attack in a straightforward manner. The battle opened with a wave of attacks by Safavid cavalry, and in the first half of the cavalry battle, the Safavids held the upper hand. However, in the second half of the battle, the battle tilted in favor of the Ottomans, who had superior firepower by mobilizing not only rifles but also artillery. In the end, the Safavid army fell to the firepower of the Ottomans, fled westward and left Tabriz in their hands.
Selim I was unable to capitalize on thw victory. Despite chasing the Iranians to Tabriz, he allowed Ismail to escape. Furthermore, Selim's original plan was to spend the winter in Tabriz and to fight the Safavids again in the spring. However, the soldiers were so exhausted from the previous battles that he could not get their approval. Therefore, he had to retreat and return to Istanbul.

However, the Ottomans' victories can be said to have extended their power. After annexing eastern Anatolia and northern Mesopotamia, they controlled the Central Asian trade route between Tabriz and Bursa. The following year, the empire annexed the Mamluk dynasty of Syria and Egypt and brought the Holy Land of the Hejaz under its control.

During the siege of Tabriz, the Ottoman army brought many merchants and ceramic artisans back to its own country. The artisans belonged to a pottery factory in Istanbul and were responsible for decorating the tiles on most of the buildings thaï erre constructed by the Ottoman Empire by the 1550s. That is said to have contributed significantly to the development of Iznik pottery.

The Safavids lost Eastern Anatolia to the Ottomans, which had been an important source of troops from the Ottoman army. Thousands of Qizilbash tribesmen were also killed. Although Ismail I himself was wounded and managed to escape after terrible hardships, he lost his prestige in Iran after he had been believed to be invincible. He lost confidence in himself and never led his troops into battle again. Tribal leaders were given authority, and the struggle for control over them became the central political issue of the Safavid dynasty and changed the balance of power within the coalition. A power struggle ensued, which lasted until the reign of his son and successor, Tahmasp I.

Arab Maghreb Union

The Arab Maghreb Union (UMA) is a trade agreement aiming for economic and future political unity among Arab countries of the Maghreb in North Africa. It was signed by Algeria, Libya, Mauritania, Morocco and Tunisia in February 1989.

Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades

The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades ) is an armed Palestinian group in the West Bank, formed in 2000. Several countries (Israel, EU, US, Canada, New Zealand, and Japan) class the group as a terrorist organisation.

Originated in the West Bank, al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades take their name from the al-Aqsa Mosque, situated in the Muslim holy site of Jerusalem, the Noble Sanctuary, also claimed by Jews as the Temple Mount.

After the Oslo Accords with Israel in 1993, the Fatah organization came to be the main authority of Palestine and incorporated the Palestinian Authority. Based in the West Bank and in Gaza Strip, Fatah and its president, Yasser Arafat, decided to switch their armed militias into official security forces. Among the various armed wings, a group of young Fatah members formed the al-Aqsa Martyrs’ Brigades in the 2000, during the Second Intifada. 

The corruption and inaction of the Fatah and PA coalition created the opportunity for the Brigades to regain the confidence of the Palestinian population. 

Palestinians, indeed, shifted their support towards a more radical and violent type of action because of the difficult living conditions and the lack of trust towards the diplomatic process. Indeed, right after the al-Aqsa intifada in 2000, less than the 17% of the population was hopeful for the end of the diplomatic process and the cruelty. 

Although, the Brigades did not seek a separation from the Fatah movement, their political violence was threatening the position of Arafat. His popularity decreased, indeed, from 70% in autumn 2001 to 57% at the end of the same year. 

Arafat's involvement with the Brigades is controversial: while al-Aqsa Brigades stated their affiliation to him and the Fatah movement, the Brigades also claimed a relative independence. As a member of the AMB stated in an interview:“Fatah frames us, but nevertheless a certain independence exists concerning the decisions to take.”Nonetheless, it is known that Arafat during the negotiations used to encourage attacks as a leverage on the Western countries. The BBC discovered in 2003 that the PA was consistently supporting al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades with numbers such as 50,000 US dollars monthly to the group.

In 2001, the al-Aqsa cofounder, Yasser Badawi, was assassinated; consequently, the Brigades took revenge for his death by attacking Israeli civilians. A series of violent attacks started until Arafat’s death in November 2004. From the moment of Arafat's death, al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades furtherly detached from the movement and supported Mahmoud Abbas at the presidential elections of the Palestinian Authority. But when he displayed his intentions of limiting the power of the paramilitaries and armed wings, he lost the support of the Brigades. As a consequence, the group divided: some joined the Palestinian Authority, while only some cells have been recorded as still active around 2017.

Most of the military attacks attributed to the AMB in their early years were attacks on Israeli settlers in the West Bank, although the group shifted to targets inside of Israeli borders since 2002. Targeting both Israelis and Palestinians that collaborate with the Israeli security forces. Nonetheless, there have also been attacks on individuals that belonged to the Fatah movement in the West Bank, due to clashes between them.

Despite the fact they are not dependent on any other superior Palestinian entity, they have cooperated with different Palestinian military groups. Within the Gaza Strip, they have carried out attacks with the help of the Islamic fundamentalist group Hamas, as well as the Palestinian Islamic Jihad movement. In the case of the West Bank, they have collaborated with Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shia movement.

During the Second Intifada, the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades have killed over 70 people, claiming responsibility for some of the conflict's most significant attacks.

All-Palestine Government

The All-Palestine Government was established on 22 September 1948, during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, to govern the Egyptian-controlled territory in Gaza.

Young Turks

Young Turks was a political reform movement within the Ottoman Empire in the early 20th century. It favored the replacement of the Ottoman Empire's absolute monarchy with a constitutional government. They led a rebellion against the absolute rule of Sultan Abdul Hamid II in the 1908 Young Turk Revolution. They also committed the Armenian Genocide. 

Young Turk Revolution

The Young Turk Revolution (July 1908) was a constitutionalist revolution in the Ottoman Empire. It was carried out by the Young Turks in the Committee for Unity and Progress.

Paris Peace Conference (1919–1920)

The Paris Peace Conference was the formal meeting in 1919 and 1920 of the victorious Allies after the end of World War I to set the peace terms for the defeated Central Powers.

1960 Turkish coup d'état

The 1960 Turkish Coup d'état was the first ever attack on the Turkish democracy, which took place on May 27th 1960. The coup which took place at a time of political and economic unrest, was led by a group of young Turkish military officers who were acting outside the interest of the government. The coup was led by the military officer Colonel Alparslan Türkes who was a member of the junta (National Unity Committee) and had been one of the first officers trained by the US in 1948 to from a stay-behind counter-guerrilla. The coup was carried out against the ruling Democratic Party led by Prime Minister Adnan Menderes. Eventually, on May 27th the military overcame the government and the prime minister and president were tried for reason and ultimately resulted in the execution of Menderes.

Kemal Mustafa, better known as Ataturk, was president of Turkey from the founding of his political party that ruled under a single party system, the Republican People's Party (RPP), in 1923 until his death in 1938. Still, after Ataturk’s death, the RPP kept its hold over the government. The RPP continued in power but did not actually fulfill its promises, therefore Turkish people became discontent with Ataturk’s authoritarian regime and were ready to embrace political change. In that context the elections of 1950 played a key role in Turkey's democracy. The political tide changed when the Democratic Party (DP) took the lead not only in the elections but also in popular acceptance. This popular acceptance towards the DP came from their representation including rural citizens in comparison to the elite that governed through the RPP's government. The 1950 elections were also the first free elections that had been held in Turkey, and thus it would bring a democratically chosen government into power after years of Ataturk's and the RPP's regime in office. The DP won the elections, placing Adnan Menderes as Prime Minister.

The actors who were involved in the coup d’etat in opposition to the Democratic Party, including young and senior officials and civilian educated elite.

The coup formally start on May 27, 1960 with the plan to take control of the government after people grew discontent with the Democratic Party at their repressive tactics, bad management of the economy and suppression to any opposition parties. In summary, the DP was becoming its predecessor by exerting an authoritarian rule claiming to be a new type of democracy that will safeguard national security. Not only were civilians angry towards the government but many officers who served in the military grew grievances against the government after their pay decreased and their roll diminished, making the military's importance sink when the military has been seen as an organized and well-managed institution within the country.

Some of the discontent came after 1954 and the government's response to the economic situation, inflation was raising and there was an economic deficit. Instead of responding to the economic crisis the DP faced this situation with repression. For that reason their popularity started declining, which could be seen in the 1957 elections. As the DP witnessed their popularity dwindle, they began oppressing the opposition, mainly the RPP who had once again become their most influential opponent.

All of these factors created tensions among various social groups which only fed into the plan to overthrow the DP from power and regain control themselves. Such plan was mainly organized by officials who goal was to save Turkey's democracy that had been threatened by the DP, hence their strategy was to hold free elections and meanwhile the military would be the one in charge until the elections could be held. The military successfully organized themselves as the National Unity Committee, led by General Cemal Gürsel, and overthrew the DP. This transition was carried out smoothly because there was no real opposition against the interim military regime from the population thanks to the anger harvested towards the government and the respect that people had towards the military.

The aims of the coup was to remove the politicians and people in power so the system would stop being corrupt. What they wanted to do was reform the political structure, based on Kemalism, that was being threatened by the DP. The goal was to overtake control of the government to hold elections.

Menderes was arrested and charged for violating the constitution. Following the arrest, Menderes and other leaders of the DP were put on trial (formally known as the Yassiada Trials) by a military court on the island of Yassiada (Democracy and Freedom Island) and the politicians were charged with high treason, misuse of public funds and abrogation of the constitution. Eventnually, following the trials Menderes was sentenced to death. Despite the pleas of forgiveness by many individuals and world leaders such as John F. Kennedy and Queen Elizabeth II, Menderes was executed by the junta at the gallows on the island of Imrali on the 17th September 1961.

The 1960 coup d'état also took place at a time of sociopolitical turmoil and economic hardship, in particular US aid from the Truman Doctrine and Marshall Plan was running out. Therefore, at the time of this domestic unrest Menderes was planning a trip to Moscow in the hopes of getting alternative credit. Many researches have concluded that the 1960 military coup was determined by Turkey's economic and political dependence on the United States and therefore the relations between these two states saw a considerable shift.

The main objective of the coup was to restore the democracy that had been threatened by the DP. Such objectives were achieved not only by the coup but also by the creation of new democratic tools. On 9th July 1961, a constitutional referendum was held and a new constitution was drawn up to replace the one from 1924. It was approved by 61.7% of voters, with a turnout of 81%. The military in charge saw fit to create a new constitution to tackle issues that gave way to the coup, which are power abuse and oppression of opposition. This constitution passed through a constituency assembly and then a popular referendum, after its approval the elections were scheduled on October 25th, 1961.

The elections took place in a timely manner. As the election's results were announced the National Unity committee stepped down as the results now appointed the Republican People's Party to be in office, with 36.7% of the votes. The elections also saw new parties being introduced such as the Justice Party, Republican National Peasants Party, and the New Turkey Party.

1980 Turkish coup d'état

1980 Turkish coup d’état is the third coup in the history of Republic of Turkey led by Kenan Evren, which overthrew the 1980 government of Turkey. Before the 1980 coup d'état, there were two other coups carried out in 1960 and 1971. The coup d’état of 1971 and 1980 took place due to similar motivations as they aimed to fix the country’s economic and political problems. The political problems specifically included political instability caused by the violence between left- and right-wing political groups. However, the political violence between left- and right-wing political groups was only lightened after the coup of 1980. Both of the economic and political issues that motivated the coup were believed to be caused mostly by Ecevit's regime. 

In addition to the internal economic and political issues in Turkey between 1970-1980, there were also external actors like U.S. who were believed to intervene in the 1980's coup's process. 

On 12th September 1980, the coup was carried out. As the consequence of the coup, martial law was declared and Kenan Evren became the new president of Republic of Turkey. 

In the aftermath of the coup, large scales of human rights violations were carried out. These violations were later on discussed within the international arena.

The political problems that motivated the coup was due to the political instability in Turkey between the period of 1970-1980. The political instability was shaped by the violence between left- and right-wing political groups and therefore the coup aimed to ease the violence between these groups. The army's stance, which carried out the coup, towards this political violence was more in support of the reduction of the left wing ideology and groups. There were two reasons regarding why the army was in support of right wing groups more, compared to their support for left-wing groups. The first reason was due to the unpopularity of communist ideology among the Turkish army. The army that carried out the coup was characterized by nationalist ideology. Therefore, communism was seen as a factor endangering this national unity, and thus the notion of nationalism, in Turkey. As a result, the political instability in Turkey became one of the motivations of the army to carry out the coup of 1980. The second reason why the army had an unfriendly view about communism was because of the Turkey-NATO relations. Turkey became a member of NATO in 1952, establishing its stance against communism's spread. Therefore, the 1980 Turkish army believed that rising communism in Turkey, being a NATO member state, could damage its relations with other NATO member states. Thus, isolating the rising communist movements became the second motivation for the army to carry out a coup. In this respect, the army and their nationalistic and anti-communism ideology was mainly supported by the Nationalist Movement Party (Turkish: "Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi (MHP)"). On the other hand, MHP believed that the arising communist groups were supported by Republican People’s Party (Turkish: "Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi (CHP)"), which was represented by Bulent Ecevit as the prime minister of Turkey. Thus, MHP and the Turkish army accepted Bulent Ecevit as the reason for Turkey’s political and economic instability.

The Turkish economy between 1970-1980 was deteriorating. This economic depression led to lack of access to oil, basic goods like food, and high levels of unemployment. The depression was due to Bulent Ecevit’s unsuccessful economic policies, 1973-74 Oil Crisis and U.S. embargo on Turkey after the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation. Combined with political instability, the economic recession was leading to lower living standards in Turkey. The economic policies of Ecevit in the beginning years of 1970s were enabling the county to grow at a constant rate. However, the oil crisis after the Yom-Kippur War caused one of the most drastic downfalls of Turkish economy in 1976. Secondly, after the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation, Turkey was embargoed by U.S. In addition to the already existing economic issues and the oil crisis, the embargo put more pressure upon the Turkish economy. Despite the debate that the US established the embargo as an outcome of the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation, Ecevit claims in an interview that the embargo has already been established by the U.S. before the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation was carried out. In general, the Turkish economy under Ecevit’s regime was experiencing recession because although he was applying policies to tackle the recession, his policies were not strong enough to establish an improved economy. Therefore, Ecevit’s regime came to be characterized by both economic crisis and internal political unrest, and the interrelating problems they have caused.

Although the 1980 coup d’état was motivated by the domestic political and economic factors persisting between 1970 and 1980, there has been a debate regarding West's connection to the 1980 coup d’état. One dimension of how this was discussed can be linked back to Iran and its geopolitical importance.

Iran was perceived as a geopolitically important country for the West since it is an oil-rich country as well as one of the significant oil-supplier to the West. The West had concerns that the oil supply from Iran might be at risk when USSR invaded Afghanistan in 1979. Afghanistan, which neighbors both Iran and former USSR, acted as a buffer zone against USSR expansionism into the oil-rich countries, which included Iran as well. The West feared this invasion since the it could mean that the oil-supply to the West might be disrupted and owned by USSR. 

The discussion regarding how the West could have been involved in the 1980 Turkish coup d’état's upbringing starts with the discussion of U.S. military being deployed in this region. In order to fight against any further Soviet expansionism into Iran, the U.S. decides to deploy a military belonging to U.S. in a geopolitically beneficial country which is also closer to Iran. The Western powers believed that the most geopolitically suitable country to deploy their army to would be Turkey. However, for a U.S. military force to be deployed in Turkey, the U.S. believed that Turkey needed to obtain a more stable economy and political environment. What U.S. found problematic about the political environment of Turkey is argued to be the rise of communist movements in Turkey. Therefore, U.S. believed that such a coup also aiming to ease the communist movements is highly important for the efficiency of the U.S. army to be deployed in Turkey.

As a result, the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan indirectly affected how the West, mainly consisting the U.S., supported the 1980 Turkish coup d’état. 

On the morning of 12th September 1980, approximately at 3 A.M, the coup took place declaring a curfew. The 1980’s coup d’état led to the suspension of democracy and a shift into an authoritarian military rule. 
The parliament was dissolved and the existing political parties were abolished. Trade unions were closed down since they were seen as communists threats. Although the National Security Council that overthrew the government declared that it would eventually return the power to democratically elected civilians, Turkish Military ruled the country for 3 years.

Many people were arrested on the morning of 12 September 1980. After coup d’état the cases of torture in Turkey rapidly increased and first executions in ten years were carried out in a month. Prisoners were beaten, intimidated, humiliated and starved. After a global pressure, the state opened an investigation. According to the report in 1982 published by the Turkish State authorities, only four of the alleged 204 deaths were caused by torture.

The Military also implemented a nationwide treatment programme called "mixing for peace". This programme enforced the cohabitation of leftist and rightist prisoners. This was perceived as a mental torture by some prisoners, while the others believed that they were all the victims of the coup d’état.
The Constituent Assembly, consisting of 160 members, implemented a new constitution which strengthened the military’s power and state authority. The purpose of the 1982 constitution was to ensure that the country was safe from political polarization of 1970s.

It was a programme designed to help Turkey overcome the economic crisis before the coup d’état. With the guidance of International Monetary Fund (IMF), the purpose of the programme was to encourage foreign investments and trade. The provisional government kept following the programme. Furthermore, the designer of the programme, Turgut Özal, was appointed as the finance minister of the military government.

1971 Turkish military memorandum

The 1971 Turkish military memorandum, issued on 12 March that year, was the second military intervention to take place in the Republic of Turkey.

Sheikh Jarrah

Sheikh Jarrah is a neighborhood in Jerusalem, Israel.

Reticulated humming frog

The reticulated humming frog ("Chiasmocleis royi") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru. They sometimes live with tarantula spiders.

Scientists have seen this frog living in the same burrows or holes in trees as tarantula spiders in the genus "Pamphobeteus". The spiders eat other frogs but not reticulated humming frogs. Scientists have seen the frogs and the spiders coming out of the same burrows to look for food at night.

Scientists think the tarantulas use chemicals to tell which frog is which. They have seen young tarantulas catch and pick up small reticulated humming frogs. They catch them the same way they catch frogs that they will eat. But the tarantulas only touch the reticulated humming frogs with their mouths. Then they put them back down without biting them. Microhylid frogs, like the reticulated humming frog, make chemicals in their skin that taste bad. Scientists think this might be why the frogs and spiders started living together.

Scientists do not know whether the reticulated humming frog and the tarantula both help each other or whether the tarantula helps the frog but not the other way around. The frog lives in the tarantula burrow, where it is safe from drying out during the day. Other animals that would eat the frog stay away from the tarantulas. However, scientists think the reticulated humming frog might help the tarantula too. They have seen parasite fly larvae on young tarantulas. They think the frog might help the tarantulas by eating flies that try to get into the burrow.

Other frogs and tarantulas that live far from South America also live together like this. For example, there are frogs and tarantulas in Sri Lanka that live together this way. Scientists think this relationship evolved more than once.

1977 Egyptian bread riots

The Egyptian "bread riots" of 1977 affected most major cities in Egypt from 18–19 January 1977. The riots owed to economic reasons.

Slavery in the Ottoman Empire

Slavery in the Ottoman Empire was considered an important part of the economy.

To control their ownership of slaves, the Ottomans followed the Islamic view of human bondage. They saw themselves as the protectors of the religion while Mecca and Medina were under their protection. And the sultan was seen as a successor to the prophet. In this sense and according to Hanafi Islamic law, a person can have ownership of another, which entitles the owner to the slave' labor, property and sexuality while restricting his freedoms. However, a Muslim cannot be enslaved and if a slave follows Islam, he is to be freed. These rules were introduced in the empire’s laws.
The Slavery in the Ottoman Empire was considered an important and big part of the empire's society. It was estimated that twenty percent of the residence during the 16th century were slaves. The Ottomans tied their economy tightly to owning slaves. Since it was a large country, the vast work they needed required more workers. For this reason they needed slaves to help them with different tasks.
Slaves had different tasks. Some of them were domestic slaves who helped raise children and do household chores. Others had menial jobs. Others were sex workers. Some of the empire's officials were purchased as slaves who grew up as free citizens.

The official prohibition of slavery took place in the second half of the 19th century, but the practice continued into the 20th century.

Slavery began in the Ottoman Empire in the 14th century when Sultan Murad I built an army of slaves from prisoners of war called Kapıkulu. The sultan was in full control of them and trained them where necessary. Sultan Mehmed II established the first slave market in Constantinople in the 1460s, called Yessir. The markets then spread widely in most towns and cities of the empire.

The empire followed the pencik method (pencik from Persian labor stylo means five and yek means one) in which the state takes a fifth of the raiding captives. It has also been linked to a tax system and title deed

The footrest system has been changed for reasons that are unclear. They followed the devshirme system, which means collecting and fixing the children of Christian citizens from their ethnic, religious and cultural background and applying them in an Islamic Turkic system. This practice was also applied to citizens of Rumelia, especially Bosons and Albanians, even as Muslims and other non-Muslims in the empire. The Ottomans brought their slaves from within their borders.

The call for the end of slavery began in the 19th century with calls from European countries to end human rights abuses. The empire lost its power after World War I and was under pressure and influence from European powers.

In an effort to restore itself, the empire went through the Tanzimat period during which it underwent many reforms. It was seen as a period of importing European and Western ideologies and models, and the ideas of equality for all citizens, regardless of race or religion, and freedom were stronger than ever. These concepts made the slavery system less powerful and more opposed by citizens.

During this period, slaves also took the opportunity to escape from their owners and

In order to escape from them in this sense, the Empire issued several edicts beginning with the liberation of groups of slaves.

The slaves in The Ottoman Empire had different works:


For most of the earlier period of the empire, slaves were won by invading European borders and the Black Sea. In the following century, slaves came from Africa with a small minority from the Caucasus mainly from Circassia and Georgia. In the late 18th and 19th centuries, Africans were imprisoned in Sudan, Central Africa and Ethiopia. They were then transported across the desert and the Mediterranean to reach ports in the Balkans and the Middle East. Some were transported through the Nile Valley, the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf and the pilgrimage network.

The Ottomans saw slavery as a means of giving individuals better living conditions and a better life.

Many of the sultan's slaves were better cared for than the common people. Many of them valued the positions they held and refused to trade them in for their freedoms because of the insecurity and fragility of the free people. Some people even volunteered for service. For them, slavery was a way for people to escape danger and misery. Under the responsibility of the owners, they are provided with the basic necessities (housing and food). For the sultan's slaves, they would even be given the status and opportunity to get close to the elite of society. The slave "Hurrem" even went on to marry the sultan and become queen of the empire.

However, this did not apply to all slaves, many went to great lengths to gain their freedom, and the positions held by slaves did not always guarantee proper treatment. Some of them have committed crimes according to the governing elite and even protests in the fight for their freedom. they also followed different strategies:

Some, in the struggle for freedom, worked to improve their status and position in society and to rise from a class of social slaves to a higher class.

Other groups of slaves decided to escape their owners, and in fact this strategy was popular in the late 19th century. After their escape, they were in a weak position, some states in the empire decided to abandon slave property rights over their slaves and sided with the enslaved, they were able to use the siding of the state in order to free themselves. Nevertheless, these actions were still criminalized by the ruling elite, which assumes them as a threat to the existing order in the region.

Slaves, in expressing their desire for freedom, tried to hold fast to their cultural beliefs and practices, even attempting to disrupt them and shut down the cultural hierarchy of slave owners.


CBS News Streaming Network

CBSN is an television news channel. It is operated by CBS News and CBS Interactive divisions of CBS Corporation. It was started on November 6, 2014. Their first sponsors were Microsoft and Amazon.com.

Rentier state

A rentier state derives its money from the rent paid by foreign individuals, concerns or governments. It is commonly seen in the Middle East

Fatback

Fatback is a type of meat from a pig. It is made from the fat under the skin on the back of the pig. It can be served with or without the skin still on the fat. Fatback is "hard fat" and is different than the soft fat found belly of pig. Like other types of pig fat, it can be made into lard if it is processed. Fatback can be used to make salt pork, and it is used to make sausages or as an ingredient in many dishes.

Fatback is a traditional part of southern US cuisine, soul food and the traditional cuisine of Quebec. In Quebec, it is used for fried pork rinds, which is also called cracklings. Fatback is used to flavor boiled vegetables such as leaf vegetables, green beans, and black-eyed peas. Fat back can be fried, coated with breadcrumbs and fried or cooked in many other ways.

Fatback has been used for hundreds of years or more in almost every country where they eat pork. Each country has their own special dishes that use it.

Kirchanschöring

Kirchanschöring () is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. The community is in the Rupertiwinkel and it borders on the eastern waterside of the Waginger See, although the town itself is some kilometers away from the lake.

Marquartstein

Marquartstein is a municipality in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany and is part of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Marquartstein and Staudach-Egerndach. It is in a region called Chiemgau, about 10 km south of Lake Chiemsee between Munich and Salzburg. Most of the area is in the valley of the river Tiroler Achen, which separates the village into two parts. Marquartstein is at the edge of the Alps. Its geographical location is .

Nußdorf (Chiemgau)

Nußdorf () is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria in Germany.

Obing

Obing is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Petting, Bavaria

Petting is a municipality in Traunstein, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the shore of the Waginger See.


Pittenhart

Pittenhart is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Reit im Winkl

Reit im Winkl is a small village (locally known as a snow-magnet ) on the German/Austrian border in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany in Traunstein. It is south of Chiemsee and southwest of Ruhpolding - home of the Biathlon World Cup - in the Bavarian Alps and facing towards Tyrol. The village is next to the Austrian states Tyrol and Salzburg. Kössen in Tyrol is the next village on the river Lofer, before it joins the convergence of the river Tiroler Achen.


Ruhpolding

Ruhpolding is the municipality with the biggest area of the Traunstein district in southeastern Bavaria, Germany. It is in the south of the Chiemgau region in the Alps and next to the Austrian border.


Schleching

Schleching is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Schnaitsee

Schnaitsee is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Seeon-Seebruck

Seeon-Seebruck is a municipality in Traunstein in southern Bavaria in Germany.


Siegsdorf

Siegsdorf is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Staudach-Egerndach

Staudach-Egerndach is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Surberg

Surberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. It is 90 km (55.7 miles) southeast of the Bavarian capital of Munich.

Tacherting

Tacherting is a municipality in the north of Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipality of Tacherting has the following 108 districts:

Taching am See

Taching am See is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. The municipality is to the west and northwest of the Tachinger See (Lake Taching).

The small villages in rural Taching am See are: Assing, Buchberg, Grendach, Gröben, Haunerting, Hörgassing, Hucking, Mauerham, Moosmühle, Obertaching, Planthal, Salling, Schönhofen and Tettenberg.


Tittmoning

Tittmoning () is a town in Traunstein, in Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the historic Rupertiwinkel region, on the left edge of the river Salzach, which forms the border with Ostermiething in the Austrian state of Salzburg. The two communes are linked by a bridge. Tittmoning is about northwest of the Salzburg city centre.

Speculum 62, No. 3 (Jul., 1987): 575–611.

Traunreut

Traunreut () is a town in southeastern Bavaria, Germany in Traunstein. It is at . Traunreut is in the middle of the Chiemgau region between Munich and Salzburg, about 10 km east of the Chiemsee, 25 km north of the Alps, and 35 km west of Salzburg.


Republican Guard

The Republican Guard is an Ethiopian federal law enforcement agency. It is a part of the Ethiopian Ministry of Defense focused on protecting high cabinet level government and high-ranking military officials in the country. The (RG) protect the Prime Minister of the country the first lady, the President, ministers, and generals and high-level federal executives of the country. The republican guard had a budget of 140 million birr for 2019. The Guard not only protect high level officials they also conduct protections for high-risk places and have riot police for times other agencies need help. They also conduct special operations outside their protecting mission seen at high-risk places and times. 

Under Regulation No. 426-2018 Which states "The Guard shall have the following powers and duties: prepare and submit procedures and standards, and implement same up on approval by the Prime Minister; prepare and submit to the Prime Minister Office, directives related to human resource recruitment, training, periodic evaluation, transfer and dismissal, and implement same upon approval; in coordination with the Ministry and appropriate organs recruit, train, employ and deploy appropriate human resources equip itself with materials, vehicles, weapons, and appropriate technologies that comply with international standards and important for the execution of the mission; without prejudice to sub-article (4) of this Article, whenever necessary, request and obtain appropriate provisional support from other organs; ensure security of the Prime Minister and their family members, and Head of State and Deputy Prime Minister and their family members; without prejudice to sub-article (6) of this Article the protection extends to the outgoing Prime Ministers and his family, outgoing Head of State and Deputy Prime Minister and their families; and it does not include appointee with the Rank of Deputy Prime Minister; provide protection to the visiting foreign Heads of State and Government, Heads of International Organizations and individuals having such status; provide gourd of honor services; conduct studies prepare and submit to the Prime Minister necessary structure and units that help for the accomplishment of mission and implement same upon approval; take necessary measures to ensure the security of head of states and governments; own property, enter into contract, sue and be sued in its own name; undertake other related activities that are supporting the attainment of its objectives." The Guard carry out law enforcement operations in parts of the country.

The Republican Guard are trained inside The National College of Information and Security which is under the supervision and teaching of the NISS. The Republican Guard according to Prof De Waal were Emirati-trained. They originally were trained from abroad for 6 months but later after time they are now domestically trained.

The Republican Guard use many rifles and guns with assault rifles. These include the CSR 338 sniper rifle, the assault rifle CAR 816 carbine, the CAR 817DMR, they also use the Israeli TAR-21. These weapons come from several countries including Israel.

The Republican Guard has four main structures. These structures are composed of units inside the Guard. These Units include VIP protection or people who are close with the Prime Minister and Protectees at all times, there is also the Counter Military Unit which are uniformed military personnel protecting the Prime minister and other Protectees with the VIP personnel which are close to the Protectees. There is also another unit which is called Military uniformed Republican Guard Special Force they are tasked with protecting high risk places as the Prime Minister Office or high military or national interest's place. The last is the military police who are said to intervene at high risk and volatile situations in the country.

The Republican Guard was formed on December 23, 2018, after a grenade attack whilst the Prime Minister was hosting a speech and other high government officials with while starting his premier ship. The attack was on June 28, 2018, or on the 89th day of his Prime Minister ship.

Weeks after becoming Prime Minister Republican guard members from other stations stormed the Prime Minister's residence and demanded a pay raise, the prime ministers' republican guards stationed to him were outnumbered by the hundreds: the prime minister then did pushups to lessen the tension and that made the demanding guards enjoy the pushups with the PM, and they left the palace they later were arrested. Later some members of the Republican Guard apologized for protesting and demanding a pay raise to the Prime Minister. The then Federal Police Commissioner said about the protest raid "They raised issues related to their living conditions, low pay and a dismal benefits package and demanded to meet the prime minister," the guards who raided the PM residence were estimated to be around 250, the guards were ordered to do 10 pushups whom the Prime Minister also led himself. They were invited to dinner then let go out of the residence of the Prime Minister.

The Republican Guard have also been involved with operations in Tigray region after rebels rebelled against the federal government. The Republican Guard were able for a brief period able to control the capital city of the northmost state of Ethiopia for a couple weeks till the Commander in Chief of the Ethiopian Armed forces Abiy Ahmed ordered all troops to leave the regional state as a whole forcing the Republican Guard that conducted special operations to leave the area. But whilst they were on the grounds, they have been able to capture high level rebel officials who served as leading the rebel group for decades. One of these is Sebhat Nega the one of the founding members of the TPLF rebel group: which served as the leading political party in Ethiopia for 27 years. The Guard had to fight multiple rebels and go through mountains to catch these high-level leaders of the TPLF. With the Airforce they flied over the rebels to Addis Ababa and gave them to the Ethiopian Federal Police Forensic Investigation Team.

Nokia 6230

Nokia 6230 (also known is Nokia 6230i) is an Nokia mobile phone was developed of Nokia Corporation, it was announced on October 28, 2003 and release on February 28, 2004.

In October 28, 2003. Nokia announced they will be release Nokia 6230 on February 2004. In November 2003, Nokia 6230 has begin of worldwide on late January and early February 2004 with sales at Campagin Shops.

In February 18, 2004. Nokia 6230 release of Canada and February 22 release of United Kingdom. In February 28, 2004. Nokia 6230 has release of worldwide.

In July 2007, Nokia announced they will be release Nokia 6230i on August 12, 2007.

In June 2006, Nokia announced they will be discontinued Nokia 6230, because was no longer after release in 2004. In December 18, 2006. Nokia 6230 was ended sales in worldwide. In January 20, 2007. Nokia 6230 was discontinued.

After Nokia 6230 was discontinued, in August 12, 2007. Nokia announced Nokia 6230i will support after in October 2010 was discontinued.

In October 14, 2010. Nokia 6230i was ended sales and discontinued of worldwide.


The Peacekeeper

The Peacekeeper is a 1997 American Canadian action adventure movie directed by Frédéric Forestier and starring Dolph Lundgren, Michael Sarrazin, Montel Williams, Roy Scheider, Christopher Heyerdahl, Monika Schnarre.


Kenta Izumi

Izumi was elected as the leader of the CDP in the 2021 Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan leadership election on 30 November 2021.

Charanjit Singh

Charanjit Singh (3 February 1931 – 27 January 2022) was an Indian field hockey player. Singh captained the Indian hockey team that won the gold medal in the 1964 Summer Olympics at Tokyo, Japan. Singh was born in Himachal Pradesh (then Punjab, British India).

Singh died from a heart attack at his home in Una, Himachal Pradesh on 27 January 2022, at the age of 90.

Max Moszkowicz

Max Moszkowicz Sr. (5 October 1926 – 27 January 2022) was a Dutch lawyer.

The Jewish Moszkowicz family fled Nazi Germany in 1933. During the Holocaust his parents were murdered. Moszkowicz survived Auschwitz.

He became well known in the Netherlands for defending Dutch criminals. Moszkowicz was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

Moszkowicz died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 95.

Nedjeljko Mihanović

Nedjeljko Mihanović (; 16 February 1930 – 27 January 2022) was a Croatian politician. He was Speaker of the Croatian Parliament from 1994 to 1995. He retired in 2000.

He died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 91.

Pier Ferdinando Casini

Pier Ferdinando Casini (; born 3 December 1955) is an Italian politician. He was President of the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2006.

Martin Leach-Cross Feldman

Martin Leach-Cross Feldman (January 28, 1934 – January 27, 2022) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana from 1983 until 2022. He was nominated to the court by President Ronald Reagan. Feldman was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Feldman died on January 27, 2022 in New Orleans, Louisiana, one day before his 88th birthday.

Mohammad Ali Farrokhian

Mohammad Ali Farrokhian (, 1935 – 27 January 2022) was an Iranian freestyle wrestler. He won silver medals in the 57 kg division at the 1965 World Wrestling Championships and 1966 Asian Games. 

Farrokhian died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Gene Clines

Eugene Anthony Clines (October 6, 1946 – January 27, 2022) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as an outfielder from 1970 to 1979. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates teams that won four National League Eastern Division titles and won the World Series in 1971. He also played for the New York Mets, Texas Rangers, and the Chicago Cubs.

He was a coach for the Cubs, Houston Astros, Seattle Mariners, Milwaukee Brewers, and San Francisco Giants, and an advisor with the Los Angeles Dodgers later in his career.

Clines died at his home in Bradenton, Florida, on January 27, 2022, at the age of 75.

San Pablo, California

San Pablo (Spanish for "St. Paul") is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States. The city of Richmond surrounds almost the whole city. The population was 32,127 at the 2020 census.

Ernst Stankovski

Ernst Stankovski (16 June 1928 – 26 January 2022) was an Austrian actor and musician. He appeared in more than one hundred movies from 1949 until his death. Stankovski was born in Vienna, Austria. Some of his best known works were in "Kauf dir einen bunten Luftballon", "Help, I Love Twins", "Goetz von Berlichingen of the Iron Hand" and "The First Polka.

Stankovski died in Klosterneuburg, Austria on 26 January 2022, at the age of 93.

Thomas M. Neuville

Thomas M. Neuville (January 31, 1950 – January 26, 2022) was an American judge and politician. He was a member of the Minnesota Senate from 1990 until 2008. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Neuville died at his home in Northfield, Minnesota, on January 26, 2022, at the age of 71.

Rosalie Kunoth-Monks

Rosalie Kunoth-Monks (1937 – 26 January 2022), also known as Ngarla Kunoth, was an Australian actress, Aboriginal activist and politician. She was known for her lead role in the 1955 movie "Jedda". She unsuccessfully ran for the Australian Senate in 2013 as a member of the First Nations Political Party.

Kunoth-Monks died in Alice Springs, Northern Territory on 26 January 2022 at the age of 85.

Ludmila Ferber

Ludmila Múrias Ferber Lino (8 August 1965 – 26 January 2022) was a Brazilian Christian singer-songwriter, worship pastor and writer. In 1996, Ferber released her first solo CD entitled "Marcas".

Ferber died at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil from lung cancer on 26 January 2022, at the age of 56.


Philippe Contamine

Philippe Contamine (7 May 1932 – 26 January 2022) was a French historian. His works focused on the Middle Ages. Contamine was a president of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, the Société de l'histoire de France, and the Societé des Antiquaires de France. 

He taught at the Université de Nancy, the Université de Paris X at Nanterre and Université de Paris IV (Paris-Sorbonne). 

Contamine died on 26 January 2022 in Paris, at the age of 89.

Augusto Cicaré

Augusto Ulderico Cicaré (25 May 1937 – 26 January 2022) was an Argentinian inventor, engineer, and aviation designer.

In 1958, even though he had never seen an actual helicopter before, and knowing little of helicopter design, Cicaré's first successful helicopter design, the CH-1, flew for the first time.

In the late 1960s, Cicaré designed a V-4 engine for use in DKW automobiles. His best known works were the Cicaré CH-10 and CH-11 ultralight helicopters. He also helped create the Cicaré SVH-3 flight simulator.

He died in Saladillo, Buenos Aires on 26 January 2022, at the age of 84.

David Bannett

David Rephael Bannett (; 29 October 1921 – 26 January 2022) was an American-Israeli engineer. He was known as the inventor of Shabbat elevators. Bannett was the first lecturer of electronics in the Department of Physics at Bar Ilan University and the Jerusalem College of Technology. He is one of the founders of the Beit Hazon neighborhood in Kfar Haroeh.

Bannett died in Beit Hazon on 26 January 2022, at the age of 100.

SKV Altenmarkt

SKV Altenmarkt is a women soccer team from Altenmarkt an der Triesting in Lower Austria. It plays in the Planet Pure Frauen Bundesliga, the top league in Austrias women soccer.

In 2004 the women's section of SKV Altenmarkt was founded. In the 2008-09 season they became champion of the 2. Frauenliga Ost but lost the relegation versus SC Stattegg. 2010-11 they were promoted to ÖFB-Frauenliga.



Baldo: The Guardian Owls

Baldo: The Guardian Owls is an action-adventure video game developed and published by NAPS team. It was released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, iOS, macOS and Microsoft Windows.

It was inspired by "The Legend of Zelda" and Studio Ghibli's movies, including puzzles, exploration and combat, set in a crafted hand-drawn open world.

Crispin Tickell

Sir Crispin Tickell (25 August 1930 – 25 January 2022) was a British politician, environmentalist, and academic. He was the Ambassador to Mexico between 1981 until 1983 and later the Permanent Representative to the United Nations between 1987 until 1990.

Tickell died on 25 January 2022 from pneumonia at a London hospital, aged 91.

Peter Robbins (actor)

Peter Robbins (born Louis G. Nanasi; August 10, 1956 – January 18, 2022) was an American actor. He became well known in the 1960s as being the first actor to voice Charlie Brown in the "Peanuts" animated specials. Robbins was born in Los Angeles, California.

Robbins killed himself on January 18, 2022 at his home in Oceanside, California. He was 65.

Ramón Martínez

Ramón Martínez (31 August 1948 – 25 January 2022) was a Venezuelan politician. He was the Governor of the state of Sucre from 1992 to 1998 for the Movement for Socialism, and again from 2000 to 2008, first for Movement for Socialism and then for For Social Democracy. From 1998 to 2000 he was a member of the Venezuelan Senate. 

Martínez died from COVID-19 in Caracas, Venezuela on 25 January 2022, at the age of 73.

Erwin Eisch

Erwin Eisch (; 18 April 1927 – 25 January 2022) was a German artist. He worked with glass. He was also a painter, draughtsman, and printmaker. Eisch was known for his works with Harvey Littleton. Their works helped created the studio glass movement.

Eisch died in Zwiesel, Germany on 25 January 2022, at the age of 94.

Wyn Calvin

Wyn Calvin MBE OStJ (born Joseph Wyndham Calvin-Thomas; 28 August 1925 – 25 January 2022) was a Welsh comedian, actor, radio personality, television host, lecturer, philanthropist and newspaper columnist.

As a comedy performer, he appeared in variety theatres around the country including summer shows (seven in Llandudno and four in Blackpool. He was known as "Blackpool's favourite Welsh comedian. He was well known for pantomime.

Calvin died on 25 January 2022, at the age of 96.

L'Humanité

L'Humanité (; ), is a French daily newspaper. It was part of the French Communist Party. Its slogan is "In an ideal world, "L'Humanité" would not exist." "L'Humanité" was founded in 1902.

Hubertus Kramer

Hubertus Kramer (3 November 1959 – 24 January 2022) was a German SPD politician. He had was in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2005 until his death. He was born in Finnentrop, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.

Kramer died on 24 January 2022, at the age of 62.

Ronnie Fearn, Baron Fearn

Ronald Cyril Fearn, Baron Fearn, (6 February 1931 – 24 January 2022), known as Ronnie Fearn, was a British Liberal Democrat politician. He was a member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom between 1987 until 1992 and again from 1997 until 2001. Fearn was a member of the House of Lords between 2001 until 2018. 

Fearn died in Southport, Merseyside on 24 January 2022, at the age of 90.

Enzo Fasano

Vincenzo Fasano (2 September 1951 – 23 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of National Alliance and Forza Italia. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2006 and again from 2018 to 2022. 

Fasano died of cancer in Salerno, Italy on 23 January 2022, at the age of 70.

Houma Hunter Lime with Paint Maker

Houma Hunter Lime with Paint Maker is a Miscellaneous game, developed by Silence and published by Asmik Ace Entertainment, Inc, which was released in Japan in 1997.

Houma Hunter Lime with Paint Maker is a collection of 3 different stories & other one that will be unlocked playing the first 3 ones, the game also features a collection of images, music and even a colouring drawing game.

 Manufacturer's description:

Lime popular anime girl of strong performances Treasure Devil Hunter Lime ?Hell [digital animation in addition to the theme of a three story, high-performance drawing tools, special software was created and functions included shooting. And this title will appear in their original character lime to enjoy and create a digital picture-card show synchronized to the text.

 Features:


Roger Wallis

Roger Wallis (8 August 1941 – 22 January 2022) was a British-born Swedish musician, journalist and researcher. He was an adjunct professor of multimedia at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm.

Between 1967 and 1981, Wallis was the main presenter of the English language "The Saturday Show" on Radio Sweden. Wallis also co-wrote "Judy, min vän".

Wallis died on 22 January 2022, at the age of 80.

Kathryn Kates

Kathryn Kates (January 29, 1948 – January 22, 2022) was an American actress. She had a repeating role on "Seinfeld". She also appeared in "", "Orange Is the New Black" and "The Many Saints of Newark".

Kates died of lung cancer in Florida on January 22, 2022, at the age of 73.

Gerald Weiß (politician)

Gerald Weiß (12 July 1945 – 21 January 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was in the Landtag of Hesse from 1974 to 1987 and again from 1991 to 1998 and in the Bundestag from 1998 to 2009. 

Weiß died on 21 January 2022, at the age of 76.

École Supérieure de Chimie Physique Électronique de Lyon

École supérieure de chimie physique électronique de Lyon (CPE Lyon) is a engineering graduate school in France.. The university is located on the campus of La Doua - LyonTech, in a cluster of science and technology universities and "Grandes Écoles". La Doua is located in Villeurbanne, a suburb of Lyon.
The school was founded in 1883 to train highly qualified engineers, support continuing education and conduct research. The five-year curriculum aims to train engineers who possess human qualities and knowledge in science and engineering. Students can pursue a doctorate at the end of the 5-year curriculum.



Czesław Krakowski

Czesław Krakowski (7 June 1950 – 21 January 2022) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Polish People's Party. He was in the Senate of Poland from 1993 to 1997. He was born in Płock, Poland.

Krakowski died in Płock on 21 January 2022, at the age of 71.

Krzysztof Gawedzki

Krzysztof Gawędzki (2 July 1947 – 21 January 2022) was a Polish-born French mathematical physicist. He was born in Warsaw, Poland. In the 1980s Gawędzki did research at CNRS at the IHES near Paris. He was a professor at the École normale supérieure de Lyon (ENS de Lyon). He was an emeritus researcher there. He was known for his research in the mathematics of quantum field theory (QFT), especially conformal field theory.

Gawedzki died in Lyon, France on 21 January 2022, at the age of 74.

Werner Delmes

Werner Delmes (28 September 1930 – 13 January 2022) was a German field hockey player. He competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in 1956. He was born in Cologne, Rhineland, Prussia, Germany. 

Delmes died in Cologne on 13 January 2022, at the age of 91.

Joseph Zangerle

Joseph Zangerle (6 November 1949 – 12 January 2022) was a Luxembourgish footballer. He played as a forward for R.W.D. Molenbeek and Union Luxembourg throughout the 1970s. His career began in 1968 and he retired in 1979. He made 11 appearances for the Luxembourg national football team.

Zangerle died on 12 January 2022, at the age of 72.

Tropical Storm Ana (2022)

Moderate Tropical Storm Ana was a deadly tropical cyclone that affected Madagascar and Mozambique. It was the first named storm of the 2021-22 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season.

Tropical Storm Ana caused a series of floods which had killed 11 people on 18 January, and the new heavy rains and floods killed another 48 people in Madagascar. Tropical Storm Ana also killed 18 people in Mozambique and 29 people in Malawi.

Charadrahyla pinorum

The pine wood tree frog or Mexican pine woods tree frog ("Charadrahyla pinorum") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in western part of the Sierra Madre mountains.

A Cooler Climate

A Cooler Climate is a 1999 American made for television drama movie directed by Susan Seidelman and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Sally Field, Judy Davis, Jerry Wasserman, Winston Rekert and aired on Showtime on 22 August 1999.


Super Bust-A-Move

Super Bust-A-Move, known in Japan as Super Puzzle Bobble is a puzzle video game in the "Puzzle Bobble" series. Developed by Taito and published by Acclaim Entertainment for PlayStation 2, released in November 27, 2000.

John Tuttle (politician)

John Lee Tuttle Jr. (1951/1952 – January 28, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was born in Sanford, Maine. He was a member of the Maine House of Representatives between 1978 until 1984, 1994 until 2002 and again from 2004 until 2012. He was a member of the Maine Senate from 2012 until 2014.

Tuttle died on January 28, 2022 in Sanford, at the age of 70.

Sanford, Maine

Sanford is a city in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 21,982 in the 2020 census.

Wayne Stenehjem

Wayne Stenehjem ( ; February 5, 1953 – January 28, 2022) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was the Attorney General from December 15, 2000 until his death in 2022. He ran for the Republican nomination for Governor of North Dakota in 2016 but lost the primary election. He was born in Mohall, North Dakota. 

Stenehjem died on January 28, 2022 at a hospital in Bismarck, North Dakota from problems caused by an ulcer, one week before his 69th birthday.

Mohall, North Dakota

Mohall is a city in Renville County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Renville County. The population was 694 at the 2020 census.

Abang Muhammad Salahuddin

Tun Pehin Sri Datuk Patinggi Abang Haji Muhammad Salahuddin bin Abang Barieng (; 27 August 1921 – 28 January 2022) was a Malaysian politician. He was the third Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Sarawak from 1977 to 1981, and as the sixth Yang di-Pertua Negeri from 2001 to 2014. He was the first Yang di-Pertua Negeri to hold the post twice. He was the oldest elected to the office. Salahuddin was born in present-day Sarawak, Malaysia.

Salahuddin died on 28 January 2022 at a hospital in Petra Jaya, Malaysia at the age of 100.

Joseph Belmont

Joseph Belmont (1 June 1947 – 28 January 2022) was a Seychellois politician. He was the Vice President of the Seychelles from 14 July 2004 until his retirement on 30 June 2010. Belmont was one of the leading members of the Seychelles People’s Progressive Front (SPPF).

Belmont died at a hospital in Victoria, Seychelles on 28 January 2022 at the age of 74.

Vincent Meriton

Vincent Emmanuel Angelin Meriton (born 28 December 1959) is a Seychellois politician. He was the Vice President of Seychelles from 2016 until 2020.

Ahmed Afif

Ahmed Afif (born 6 January 1967) is a Seychellois politician and banker. He has been the Vice President of Seychelles since 27 October 2020.

Diego Verdaguer

Miguel Atilio Boccadoro Hernández (26 April 1951 – 27 January 2022), known professionally as Diego Verdaguer (, was an Argentine-born Mexican singer. He played the trumpet and the bandoneón. His most famous songs were "Volveré", "Corazón de Papel", "Usted Qué Haría" and "La Ladrona". He was also known for working with Joan Sebastián. Verdaguer was born in Buenos Aires.

Verdaguer died on 27 January 2022 in Los Angeles, California from COVID-19, aged 70.

Ri Yong-mu

Ri Yong-mu (25 January 1925 – 27 January 2022) was a North Korean senior official. He was a member of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was vice-chairman of the National Defence Commission of North Korea and vice-marshal of the Korean People's Army.

Ri died from a heart attack on 27 January 2022, two days after his 97th birthday.

Gary K. Hart

Gary Kersey Hart (August 13, 1943 – January 27, 2022) was an American Democratic politician, educator, and pro-charter school activist. Hart was born in San Diego, California. He was a member of the California State Assembly between 1974 until 1982. He was also a member of the California Senate from 1982 until 1994. 

Hart died on January 27, 2022 at his home in Sacramento, California from pancreatic cancer at the age of 78.

Georg Christoph Biller

Georg Christoph Biller (20 September 1955 – 27 January 2022) was a German choral conductor. He conducted the Thomanerchor as the sixteenth Thomaskantor from 1992 to 2015.

Biller died on 27 January 2022 in Leipzig, Germany from problems caused by motor neurone disease, aged 66.

Víctor Paredes Guerra

Víctor Felipe Paredes Guerra (20 April 1944 – 26 January 2022) was a Peruvian academic and politician. He was in the Congress of the Republic of Peru from 1990 to 1992 and was its President from 1990 to 1991. He was also Minister of Health from 1991 to 1993 during the Alberto Fujimori government. He was born in Lima, Peru.

Paredes Guerra died in Lima on 26 January 2022, at the age of 77.

Minnesota House of Representatives

The Minnesota House of Representatives is the lower house of the Legislature of the U.S. state of Minnesota. There are 134 members, twice as many as the Minnesota Senate. Members are elected for two-year terms.

Dojčin Perazić

Dojčin Perazić (17 December 1945 – 25 January 2022) was a Montenegrin footballer. He played as a midfielder. Perazić was born in Cetinje, SR Montenegro, FPR Yugoslavia. His career began in 1965 and he retired in 1978. He played for FK Lovćen, Red Star Belgrade, NK Maribor, FK Vojvodina and ADO Den Haag.

Perazić died in Cetinje on 25 January 2022 at the age of 76.

Joseph T. O'Neill

Joseph Thomas O'Neill (November 11, 1931 – January 25, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. O'Neill was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He was in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1967 to 1970 and in the Minnesota Senate from 1971 to 1976. O'Neill was a Republican.

O'Neill died on January 25, 2022 in Saint Paul at the age of 90.

Hiroyuki Konishi (politician)

Hiroyuki Konishi ( "Konishi Hiroyuki"; 19 October 1936 – 23 January 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Democratic Socialist Party. He was in the House of Councillors from 1980 to 1992. He was born in Zentsūji, Japan.

Konishi died in Kure, Japan on 23 January 2022 from pneumonia at the age of 85.

Egon Schübeler

Egon Schübeler (4 September 1927 – 20 January 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was in the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein from 1967 to 1987. He was born in Flensburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Preussen, Germany.

Schübeler died on 20 January 2022 at the age of 94.

Jeffery Paul Chan

Jeffery Paul Chan (August 19, 1942 – January 11, 2022) was an American author and scholar. He was a professor of Asian American studies and English at San Francisco State University from 1967 until his retirement in 2005. Chan was born in Stockton, California. He helped edit the anthology of Asian American literature, "Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers".

Chan died of cancer on January 11, 2022 in San Rafael, California at the age of 79.

Wael el-Ebrashy

Wael el-Ebrashy (; 26 October 1963 – 9 January 2022) was an Egyptian journalist and television presenter. He was born in Sherbin, Egypt. Elebrashy started his career as a journalist in the magazine "Rose al-Yūsuf". He later worked as editor-in-chief of the newspaper "". He was a television talk show host for the private TV stations Dream TV and ON E channel.

In December 2020, el-Ebrashy was hospitalized with COVID-19 in Cairo and his lungs were damaged. He left the hospital in March 2021, but never recovered. el-Ebrashy died of respiratory failure on 9 January 2022 in Cairo, aged 58.

Ivory Aquino

Ivory Aquino is a Filipina-American actress. She is known for playing transgender activist Cecilia Chung in the 2017 miniseries "When We Rise". She was going to play Alysia Yeoh in the cancelled DC Extended Universe HBO Max movie "Batgirl".

Aquino was born in the Philippines, but spent most of her life in California. She is transgender. She is the niece of former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino.

Alysia Yeoh

Alysia Yeoh is a fictional character created by writer Gail Simone for the "Batgirl" published by DC Comics. She is Barbara Gordon’s best friend and a transgender woman. She was seen as the first major transgender character written in a mainstream comic book. The first ever transgender wedding premiered in "Batgirl" #45.

The character was going to make her live-action movie debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Batgirl", played by Ivory Aquino.

2 Phút Hơn

"2 Phút Hơn" (Meaning: Over two minutes) is a Vietnamese song made in 2020, released by Pháo and producer Masew. A remix of the song was made on November 28 2020 and got major popularity on app TikTok. this song is one of many Vietnamese songs to get popular on TikTok.

The "KAIZ" remix of the song was on a top 10 list from music app Spotify, and was the most asked song on app Shazam in December 2020.

Another remix of the song was made in 2021 with American rapper Tyga called "2 Phút Hơn (Make It Hot)"

William Proxmire

Edward William Proxmire (November 11, 1915 – December 15, 2005) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a United States Senator from Wisconsin from 1957 to 1989, the longest term served by a Wisconsin senator.

Proxmire was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1998. He died on December 15, 2005 in a nursing home in Sykesville, Maryland at the age of 90.

Sykesville, Maryland

Sykesville is a small town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States. The town is west of Baltimore and north of Washington D.C. The population was 4,316 at the 2020 census.

Robert M. La Follette Jr.

Robert Marion "Young Bob" La Follette Jr. (February 6, 1895 – February 24, 1953) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Senator from Wisconsin from 1925 to 1947. He was a son of U.S. Representative, U.S. Senator and Wisconsin Governor Robert M. La Follette Sr., and father of Wisconsin Attorney General Bronson La Follette. 

He was a co-founder of the Progressive Party. He lost to Joseph McCarthy in 1946.

Bronson La Follette

Bronson Cutting La Follette (February 2, 1936 – March 15, 2018) was an American Democratic lawyer and politician. He was the 36th and 39th Attorney General of the state of Wisconsin. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Wisconsin in 1968.

La Follette died on March 15, 2018 at the age of 82 at a hospital in Madison, Wisconsin.

Warren P. Knowles

Warren Perley Knowles III (August 19, 1908 – May 1, 1993), was an American lawyer and politician. He was the 36th Governor of Wisconsin. He was the 32nd and 34th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin.

Knowles died from a heart attack while at an event in Black River Falls, Wisconsin on May 1, 1993 at the age of 84.

Black River Falls, Wisconsin

Black River Falls is a city in and the county seat of Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 3,622 at the 2010 census.

Lee S. Dreyfus

Lee Sherman Dreyfus (pronounced "DRAY-fuss"; June 20, 1926 – January 2, 2008) was an American educator and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the 40th Governor of Wisconsin from January 4, 1979 to January 3, 1983.

Dreyfus died of respiratory failure caused by heart surgery on January 2, 2008 in Waukesha, Wisconsin at the age of 81.

Scott McCallum

James Scott McCallum (born May 2, 1950) is an American businessman and former politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the 43rd Governor of Wisconsin between 2001 until 2003. He became governor after Tommy Thompson resigned in 2001 to accept appointment as U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services. McCallum was Thompson's Lieutenant Governor, a role he served from 1987 until 2001. He lost his re-election bid in 2002 to Jim Doyle.

Elroy, Wisconsin

Elroy is a city in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,442 at the 2010 census.

Mauston, Wisconsin

Mauston is a city in and the county seat of Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 4,411 according to the 2010 census.

Grand Divisions of Tennessee

The Grand Divisions are three regions in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Each contains about one-third of the state's land area. Each is geographically, culturally, legally, and economically distinct. The Grand Divisions are legally recognized in the state constitution and state law and are represented on the Flag of Tennessee by the flag's three prominent stars.

The border between East Tennessee and Middle Tennessee is on the Cumberland Plateau. It was a major barrier to travel during much of the state's early history. It is close to the line between the Eastern and Central time zones. All but three counties of East Tennessee (Bledsoe, Cumberland, and Marion) are in the Eastern Time Zone. Middle and West Tennessee are entirely in the Central Time Zone. The reach of the Tennessee River that flows northward to Kentucky from Mississippi and Alabama marks the border between Middle and West Tennessee starting from the northern border of Hardin County. It is split down the middle by the Tennessee River but is located wholly in West Tennessee.

Samaire Armstrong

Samaire Rhys Armstrong ( ; born October 31, 1980) is an American actress and fashion designer. She is known for her roles in "Stay Alive", "The O.C.", "It's a Boy Girl Thing", and as Juliet Darling in the ABC television series, "Dirty Sexy Money".

Prescott Valley, Arizona

Prescott Valley is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. It is about east of Prescott. In 2020, 46,785 people lived here.

East Tennessee

East Tennessee is one of the three Grand Divisions of Tennessee. It is geographically and culturally distinct and comprises approximately the eastern third of the U.S. state of Tennessee. East Tennessee consists of 33 counties. 30 are located within the Eastern Time Zone and three counties in the Central Time Zone which includes Bledsoe, Cumberland, and Marion. East Tennessee is entirely located within the Appalachian Mountains, although the land area range from densely forested mountains to broad river valleys. The area has the major cities of Knoxville and Chattanooga which are Tennessee's third and fourth largest cities. It also has the Tri-Cities which is the state's sixth largest population center.

The Great Smoky Mountains National Park which was created in 1934, led to a tourism boom in Sevier and Blount counties, effectively converting the tiny mountain hamlets of Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge into resort towns. Today, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park is the most visited national park in the United States, receiving more than 14 million visitors annually. The park also anchors a massive tourism industry in nearby Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge, and Sevierville, which is the third-largest in the state. Some of these attractions Dollywood, the most visited ticketed attraction in Tennessee, Ober Gatlinburg, and Ripley's Aquarium of the Smokies.

The Appalachian Trail, one of the world's most known hiking trails which was was built in the mid-1930s and passes along the Tennessee-North Carolina border. Attractions in Chattanooga include the Tennessee Aquarium, the nation's largest freshwater aquarium. Knoxville hosted the 1982 World's Fair, which drew over 11 million visitors, making it one of the most popular world's fairs in history. The Sunsphere was built for this.

The area's major public universities are the University of Tennessee and East Tennessee State University in Johnson City. Private four-year institutions include Bryan College, Carson–Newman University, King University, Lee University, Lincoln Memorial University, Maryville College, Milligan College, Johnson University, Tennessee Wesleyan University, and Tusculum University. Several public community colleges and vocational/technical schools also are located in the region, such as Northeast State Community College in Blountville, Walters State Community College in Morristown, Pellissippi State Community College near Knoxville, Chattanooga State Community College, and Cleveland State Community College. The Tennessee College of Applied Technology has several campuses across the area.

The "Volunteers", or "Vols", are the region's most popular sports teams, and are a multimillion-dollar industry. The university's football team plays at Neyland Stadium, one of the nation's largest stadiums. Nearby is Thompson–Boling Arena. It has broken several attendance records for college men's and women's basketball.


Middle Tennessee

Middle Tennessee is one of the three Grand Divisions of the U.S. state of Tennessee that composes roughly the middle portion of the state. Middle Tennessee contains the state's capital and biggest city which is Nashville It also has Clarksville, the state's fifth-biggest city, and Murfreesboro, the state's sixth-biggest city and largest suburb of Nashville. The Nashville metropolitan area which is located entirely within the region, is the most populated metropolitan area in the state. The Clarksville metropolitan area is the state's sixth-most populous. Middle Tennessee is both the biggest, in terms of land area, and the most populated of the state's three Grand Divisions.

There are 41 counties in Middle Tennessee:

Constitution of Tennessee

The Constitution of the State of Tennessee defines the form, structure, activities, character, and basic rules of the U.S. State of Tennessee. It also contains how to change them.

The first constitution of Tennessee came into effect on June 1, 1796, concurrent with the state's admission to the Union. A second version of the constitution was adopted in 1835. A third constitution was adopted in 1870 and is the one still in use today, with new amendments.

On November 15, 1869 the Tennessee General Assembly called for an election to be held in December 1869 for two reasons. They are to determine if a constitutional convention should be called to amend or replace the 1835 constitution and to elect delegates to that convention if the voters determined that it was to be held. The voters decided for the convention, which began on January 10, 1870. The convention was finished on February 23, 1870, after adopting the constitution and recommending its approval by the voters in a special election It was conducted on March 26, 1870.
The document was mainly written as a response to the requirement for all ex-Confederate to adopt new constitutions clearly banning slavery. It contains many provisions that are holdovers from the two previous documents. It is much longer than the federal constitution but is not particularly long by the standards of state constitutions. This 1870 document stood unamended until 1953, which, according to the Tennessee Blue Book, was the longest period that any such document had remained in effect without amendment anywhere in the world. 


Nick Jr. Channel

The Nick Jr. Channel (sometimes shortened to Nick Jr.) is a television channel that is based on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block. It is run by Paramount Global. While the original block started in 1988, the separate channel started on September 28, 2009. It is made for preschoolers and it mostly plays shows that began on the Nickelodeon weekday block.

Since May 2018, the channel has been specially labeled "the Nick Jr. Channel on TV. This is to prevent confusion between the weekday block and the separate channel.


Launched on 1 September 1999 as the first full Nick Jr. channel. It aired from 6:00a.m. to 8:00p.m. Then in February 2002 a classic children's programming block called Nick Jr. Classics was launched, airing was also increased to 10:00p.m. After Nick Jr. Classics was removed, it began airing for 24 hours.

There is a similar service titled Nick Jr. Too. It launched in April 2002 as Nick Jr. 2, but the name was changed in November 2014.

Launched on March 2004. The Australian version includes some PBS Kids series like "WordWorld" and "Sid the Science Kid".

Similar to the US version. Launched on January 26, 2010. Name stylized as Nickelodeon Junior so it doesn't sound like a French swear word.

Launched on July 1, 2008, like US version it have the late Nick JR shows, name stylized as Nick JR.

Cambridgeshire Guided Busway

The Cambridgeshire Guided Busway, known locally as The Busway, connects Cambridge, Huntingdon and St Ives. It is in the English county of Cambridgeshire. It is the longest guided busway in the world, beating the O-Bahn Busway in Adelaide, South Australia.

Two guided sections make up of the route. The northern section uses the course of the old Cambridge and Huntingdon railway and it runs through the former stations of , and . The southern section uses some of the former Varsity Line to Oxford. It links Cambridge railway station, Addenbrooke's Hospital and the park and ride site at Trumpington, via housing on the Clay Farm site.

Services are ran by Stagecoach in Huntingdonshire and Whippet. These two companies are the only two that run services on the Busway. However, they had to run a regular service between 07:00 and 19:00 every day for exclusive rights to the Busway.

SKN St. Pölten (women)

SKN St. Pölten (women) is the women's team of SKN St. Pölten from the capital of Lower Austria, St. Pölten. It plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga the top level of Austrian women's football.

ASV Spratzern was founded in 1920. 2006 they got a women's team. 2013 the team was renamed into FSK St. Pölten-Spratzern. 2015 they won the first title, which was defended the next year. In 2016 the team became part of SKN St. Pölten.[7] 


Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library

The Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library is a Library on the National Register of Historic Places in Watertown, New York. 

Birhanu Bekele

Major General Birhanu Bekele (full name: Berhanu Bekele Bedada) is the Ethiopian Major general who also serves as the head of the Republican Guard a special protection and operations unit inside the Ethiopian Ministry of Defense which is only obliged to the Prime Minister. He was a Brigadier General but later promoted to Major general on January 1, 2020.

The General has served years in the Ethiopian National Defense forces he came into the rank of Brigadier General. He later became a Major General on June 28, 2019, who is tasked with being also the Chief Commander of the Republican Guard. A group of specialists trained unit protecting high level country officials. The Major General had served as a colonel before becoming a brigadier general on February 3, 2018.

Cosmic Girl

"Cosmic Girl" is a Boeing 747-400 aircraft.

It was bought by Virgin Galactic in 2015.

When a LauncherOne launches from "Cosmic Girl" at high altitude, then that rocket can put a small satellite up to 300 kg (660 lb) (see satellite) payload into orbit.

RedOne

Nadir Khayat (; born 9 April 1972), better known by his stage name RedOne, is a Moroccan-Swedish singer, songwriter, record producer and record executive.

As a record producer and songwriter, he has worked with many high-profile recording artists, such as Ava Max, Lady Gaga, Akon, Michael Jackson, RBD, Now United, U2, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Lopez, Nicole Scherzinger, Gru, Cross Gene, MIKA, Pitbull, Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, Wyclef Jean, Mariah Carey, Paulina Rubio, Mylène Farmer, Mohombi, Inna, Khaled, Alexandra Burke, Austin Mahone, One Direction, Marc Anthony, the Band Perry, Prince Royce, Rod Stewart, Usher and Saad Lamjarred, among many others. His production discography boasts many "Billboard" and international hits. RedOne has established his own record label named RedOne Records.
RedOne has been nominated for ten Grammy Awards, winning three. He was also awarded the Grammis Award for Producer of the Year, which is the Swedish version of the Grammy Awards. In 2009, he was the number one producer on the "Billboard" Hot 100. He ranked number three as songwriter and BMI Songwriter of the Year. Commonly, he makes songs in the pop, rock, R&B, house, hip hop, and dance music genres.


Javier Fernández Cabrera

Javier Fernández Cabrera Martín Peñato (born 4 October 1984) is a Spanish professional football coach. He currently manages the Bangladesh national football team. Cabrera is an UEFA Pro License Coach with wide experience in both professional and grassroots football projects. Cabrera also has a reputation as a football analyst. Cabrera has the experience of working as an expert analyst for Opta Sports and he also has a bachelor's degree in football as well as advertising and marketing.

Cabrera worked as a technical director and as an assistant coach for Indian side Sporting Clube de Goa, from 2013 to 2015. In 2016, he was appointed as the manager for Spanish club CF Rayo Majadahonda and spent a year coaching the team, before leaving the club in 2017. Moreover, he was the head coach of FC Barcelona Academy in Northern Virginia for 4 months in 2018. From 2018, Cabrera acted as the Elite Academy coach of La Liga side Deportivo Alavés, before being announced as the Bangladesh national football team head coach in 8 January 2022. 

On 19 January 2022, Cabrera finished his contract signing and was officially made the Bangladesh national football team head coach. Upon signing the contract, Cabrera's first task was to observe the training sessions of all the Bangladesh Premier League teams, in order to scout for new talents.

Estado Novo

Estado Novo means “New State” in Portuguese, it may refer to


West Tennessee

West Tennessee is one of the three Grand Divisions of the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is mostly the western part of the state. The area includes 21 counties between the Tennessee and Mississippi rivers. Its geography consists primarily of flat lands with rich soil and vast floodplain areas of the Mississippi River. Of the three regions, West Tennessee is the most sharply defined geographically, and is the lowest-lying. It is both the least populous and smallest by land area, of the three Grand Divisions. Its biggest city is Memphis, the state's second most populated city.

There are 21 counties in West Tennessee.

Garden City, Michigan

Garden City is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Gibraltar, Michigan

Gibraltar is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan

Grosse Pointe Farms is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan

Grosse Pointe Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Harper Woods, Michigan

Harper Woods is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Lincoln Park, Michigan

Lincoln Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 40,245 people lived there.

Melvindale, Michigan

Melvindale is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Plymouth, Michigan

Plymouth is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

River Rouge, Michigan

River Rouge is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Riverview, Michigan

Riverview is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Rockwood, Michigan

Rockwood is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Romulus, Michigan

Romulus is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Fireman Sam

Fireman Sam (Welsh: "Sam Tân") is a Welsh/British animated children's television series about a fireman named Sam and his fellow firefighters who work in the Pontypandy Fire Station, and other residents in a fictional Welsh rural village called Pontypandy (a portmanteau of two real towns, Pontypridd and Tonypandy). The first five series of the show were animated in stop motion, but starting with the sixth series onwards, the show is completely animated in CGI.
The original idea for the series came from two former firemen from London, who took their idea to artist and writer Rob Lee who developed the concept, and the show was commissioned. The series first appeared in Welsh on S4C on 15 September 1987, and two months later in English on BBC One on 17 November.











Office of the Prime Minister (Ethiopia)

The Office of the Prime Minister (PMO), in Ethiopia, is a cabinet level government organization. The job of this group is to watch over all government agencies, This incudes the Ministry of Peace which itself watches dozens of other government agencies. It has direct control of the Republican Guard, The Guard is a part of the Ministry of Defense but takes orders by the PMO.

Ministry of Peace

The Ministry of Peace is a government cabinet level agency in Ethiopia. The job of the agency is to supervise many law enforcement government agencies. These agencies include the federal police and the NISS. Binalf Andualem became the Minister of the Ministry of Peace on October 6, 2021.

Uperodon nagaoi

The Nagao's pug-snout frog or Nagao's globular frog ("Uperodon nagaoi") is a frog that lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it about 125 meters above sea level. They sometimes live with tarantula spiders.

The adult male frog is 26.4 to 28.8 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 27.4 to 31.5 mm long.

This frog is dark brown in color, both on its back and on its belly. It has yellow spots on its face. It has red-orange spots on its nose, back, belly and legs. There are red-orange stripes on its back legs. Young frogs are darker in color than older frogs.

This frog lives in holes in trees. It can live in those holes by itself or with tarantula spiders. It can live with either of two species in the genus "Poecilotheria": "Poecilotheria ornata" or "Poecilotheria fusca". It is mutualistic symbiosis. This means that the frogs help the tarantulas and the tarantulas help the frogs. When frogs and tarantulas live together, animals that want to eat the frog see or smell the tarantula and stay away. The frog eats insects that can be parasites on the tarantula or insects that eat the tarantula's eggs.

This species is named after Mr. Eijiro Nagao. Mr. Nagao was President of Japan's Marusan Securities Co. Ltd. The Nagao Environmental Foundation gave scientists the money to study amphibians in Sri Lanka.

Spanish Braille

Spanish Braille is the adaptation of the Braille witing system to Spanish and Galician. 

Asian University of Bangladesh

Asian University of Bangladesh, in short AUB () is a private university in Bangladesh. It was established on 4 January 1996 by the Private University Act 1992. The AUB permanent campus is at Ashulia. The university is affiliated by University Grants Commission (Bangladesh).

Asian University of Bangladesh has two own campuses. 
The city campus is located next to the BNS Center in Uttara. The campus has a cafeteria, a car park and a conference room. Address: House # 9, Road # 5, Sector # 7, Uttara, Dhaka - 1230.

The permanent campus of the university is located on Bangabandhu Road in Tongabari area of ​​Ashulia Police Station, Dhaka. It is known as the “Green Campus” because of the huge permanent campus spread over green trees and grass. The university has a large playground for various types of games and a hall room for all kinds of official and cultural events. The permanent campus has a playground, cafeteria, golf course, girls and boys hostel and other facilities. Address: Permanent Campus Tongabari Bangabandhu Road, Ashulia, Dhaka.






Uncharted (movie)

Uncharted is a 2022 action-adventure movie, based on the "Uncharted" series of video games by Naughty Dog. The movie sets several years before the events in the first game called "", Nathan Drake main portagonist of the video game with his partner Victor "Sully" Sulvan must go-up against s whealthy, ruthlest treasure hunter and his mercenarise in other to claim a lost fortune in gold from the voyages of Magellan, while also tracking clues that may lead to Drake's long-lost brother, Samuel "Sam" Drake.

"Uncharted" released on February 18, 2022 in the United States. Staring; Tom Holland, Mark Wahlberg, Antonio Banderas

in supporting roles. It also serves as a prequel to to the Uncharted video games.


Kolkata Derby

The Kolkata Derby, locally known as "Boro Match" (or 'Big Match' in Bangla), is a football match in Kolkata. It is between East Bengal (Emami East Bengal or East Bengal FC from 2022 – Present) and Mohun Bagan (ATK Mohun Bagan from 2020– Present). In January 2020, Kolkata based Indian Super League club ATK merged with the football department of Mohun Bagan to become ATK Mohun Bagan.The rivalry between these two teams is almost 100 years old.In 2022 Emami became the investor of East Bengal.

East Bengal - Red and Yellow (gold)

Mohun Bagan - Maroon and Green (Deep Green)






SK Sturm Graz (women)

Sportklub Sturm Graz is an Austrian football club from Graz, Styria. The club was started in 1909 but the women's section was started in 2011. Sturm Graz (women section) plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest league in women's football in Austria.
The club was founded in 2011 after taking over FC Stattegg's women's team. They started in the 2nd Women's League East. In the 2012-13 season they were promoted to the ÖFB Frauenliga. 2015/16 the finished 2nd and qualified for the UEFA Women's Champions League .


Norderney

Norderney is one of the East Frisian Islands off the North Sea coast of Germany. It belongs to the municipality of the district of Aurich in Lower Saxony.

The island has a total area of and making it the ninth-largest island in Germany. It has about 6,000 people. On the northern side of the island is a long sandy beach.

The neighbouring island to the east is Baltrum, which is about 800m away. To the west is the island of Juist, about away.


Bettrechies

Bettrechies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 255 people lived there.


Bauvin

Bauvin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 5,131 people lived there.


Bavay

Bavay () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,295 people lived there.


Bas-Lieu

Bas-Lieu is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 345 people lived there.


Bavinchove

Bavinchove is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 983 people lived there.


Steenvoorde

Steenvoorde () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 4,388 people lived there.


Sliven

Sliven () is a city in Bulgaria. It is the capital of Sliven Province. In 2011, 91,620 people lived there.

Sliven is famous for its Bulgarian haiduts who fought against the Ottoman Turks in the 19th century.

Dogville

Dogville is a 2003 Danish German Faroese Finnish French British Norwegian Dutch Italian American Japanese Swedish Greenlandic drama movie directed by Lars von Trier and starring Nicole Kidman, Lauren Bacall, James Caan, Paul Bettany, John Hurt, Patricia Clarkson, Chloë Sevigny, Udo Kier, Stellan Skarsgård, Ged Simmons.


Raid: Shadow Legends

Raid: Shadow Legends is a free mobile game developed and published by Israeli game developer Plarium Games. It was released for computers on January 21, 2020.

"Raid: Shadow Legends" is a fantasy-themed role-playing game. The game's story takes place in the fictional realm of Teleria. Players take the role of an ancient warrior resurrected to defeat the Dark Lord and restore peace to the area. Players must assemble an army for battles. Throughout the game, players accumulate a currency called "Shards".

African immigration to the United States

African immigration to the United States refers to immigrants to the United States who are or were nationals of modern African countries. The term African in the scope of this article refers to geographical or national origins rather than racial affiliation. Between the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 and 2017 the African born population in the United States grew to 2.1 million people.

Pleven

Pleven () is a city in northern Bulgaria. About 100,000 people lived there.

The city is known for the siege of Plevna of 1877 and is a economic center.

Altamura

Altamura is an Italian city in the Apulia Region. The city is southwest of Bari. It is close to the border with Basilicata. , Altamura has about 70,500 inhabitants.

The city is known for its traditional bread called Pane di Altamura.

Rubi Rose

Rubi Rose (born October 2, 1997) is an American rapper and model.

Tinashe

Tinashe Jorgensen Kachingwe (born February 6, 1993) is an American singer. 

Coi Leray

Coi Leray Collins (born May 11, 1997) is an American rapper and singer. 
Leray has released two mixtapes: "Everythingcoz" in 2018 and "EC2" (2019). Her debut extended play, "Now or Never", was released in 2020. In 2021, the remix of her single, "No More Parties" (featuring Lil Durk), reached the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In 2022, Leray released her first studio album "Trendsetter". The album has her collaborative single with Nicki Minaj, "Blick Blick". This also reached the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Tri-Cities, Tennessee

The Tri-Cities is the area with the cities of Kingsport, Johnson City, and Bristol. It also includes the smaller towns and communities around it in Northeast Tennessee and Southwest Virginia. All three cities are located in Northeast Tennessee, while Bristol has a twin city of the same name in Virginia. It is the 6th biggest Combined Statistical Area (CSA) in Tennessee by the number of people living in it.






Canadian food

Canadian food is the cuisine of Canada.

Flag of Iowa

The flag of the state of Iowa is a vertical tricolor flag designed by Mrs. Dixie Cornell Gebhardt in 1917. Iowa legislators officially adopted the flag in 1921.

Culture of Canada

The culture of Canada includes the artistic, culinary, literary, humor, musical, political and social elements that represent Canadians. Throughout Canada's history, its culture has been influenced by European culture and traditions, mostly by the British and French. It was also affected by its own indigenous cultures.

Charadrahyla chaneque

The fairy tree frog ("Charadrahyla chaneque") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 2200 meters above sea level.

Heater

A heater is a device that is made to heat an area. It can do this through different forms of heat.




Amjadi Bano

Amjadi Bano was the wife of Molana Muhammad Ali Johar. She worked for Muslims. She also played very important role in Pakistan Resolution.
She was also member of the Pakistan resolution committee.

2022 Miami Dolphins season

The 2022 season will be the Miami Dolphins' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under a new head coach, after the firing of Brian Flores at the end of the 2021 season.

Listed below are the Dolphins' opponents for 2022. Exact dates and times will be announced in the spring.

2022 NFL season

The 2022 NFL season was the 103rd season of the National Football League (NFL). The season began on September 8, 2022 and ended on January 8, 2023. The playoffs happened on January 14 and concluded with Super Bowl LVII, the league's championship game, on February 12.

Ethiopian National Defense Force

The Ethiopian National Defense Force (ENDF) is the army of the country of Ethiopia. It is led by the Ministry of Defense of Ethiopia.

The army of Ethiopia has existed for more than a hunderd years. However, its current form, the ENDF, has only been around since 1996.

The number of soldiers is 162,000, about the same as country of Austria.

The leader of the ENDF is Abiy Ahmed.

INSA Strasbourg

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Strasbourg is an engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Strasbourg (Eastern France).

Its curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and German languages. Students from many nations study at INSA Strasbourg.



Game of Death

Game of Death () is a 1978 Hong Kong action movie directed by Robert Clouse. The "Bruce Lee" character, "Billy Lo" is archive footage of "Hai Tien" in "The Game of Death (1972)". 11 minutes and 7 seconds from by "The Game of Death" (1972). The 1978 version uses portions of the original footage married to an entirely new plot. Starring with Sammo Hung, Kim Tai-jong and Yuen Biao, Gig Young, Dean Jagger, Colleen Camp, Robert Wall, Hugh O'Brian, Dan Inosanto (the only actor to have starred in both versions: Pascal + 1972 archive footage), Mel Novak and Casanova Wong. Distributed by "Golden Harvest".




Royal Netherlands Air Force

The Royal Netherlands Air Force (RNLAF) is the air force of the Netherlands.

The Air Force was founded in the year 1913. The aerobatic display team was active from 1979 to 2019, named the Solo Display Team.

The Dutch Air Force started on 1 July 1913 at Soesterberg airfield with 4 pilots. When it started it only had 1 aircraft, the "brik."

Only a few months later 3 French Farman HF.20.

But these airplanes where fast to old and was replaced with the Nieuport and Caudron.

The Netherlands stayed neutral during World War I.

New airfields where build at Gilze-Rijen air base, Arnhem, Venlo and Vlissingen.

The Dutch goverment cut the defence budget for the army and the army was almost gone.

As political tensions in Europe increased in the late 1930s the goverment tried to rebuild the army in 1938.

In August of 1939 the army was ready. But because of low budget the air force only operated

176 combat aircraft of the types:


In May of 1940 German troops invade the Netherlands. Within five days the Dutch Army was defeated by the luftwaffe.

All of the Brigade's bombers, along with 30 Fokker D.XXI and 17 Fokker G.I fighters where shot down; 2 D.XXI and 8 G.I where destroyed on the ground.

2 G.I where captured by the German forces.


The Indonesian government claimed Western New Guinea following the end of the Second World War. The Dutch government considered the area Dutch territory. Negotiations over the country were conducted for years, but tensions grew until Indonesia broke diplomatic relations with the Netherlands at the end of the 1950s.

In response, in 1958, the Netherlands deployed military reinforcements to New Guinea, including an Air Force detachment for the air defense of the island "Biak" as there was evidence that Indonesia was infiltrating the island in advance of a military operation


The Dutch government deployed a squadron consisting of 12 Hawker Hunter Mk.4 AD fighters and two Alouette II SAR helicopters. They were transported to Southeast Asia by the "Karel Doorman". One year later the Dutch government deployed another 12 Hawker Hunter Mk6 AD fighters; these aircraft carried more fuel and had a larger combat radius.

In August 1962 Indonesia was ready to attack New Guinea. Despite reinforcements the Dutch defences would be insufficient to withstand the coming attack. Therefore, and because of international political pressure the Dutch government was forced to agree to the peaceful surrender of New Guinea. Dutch forces were withdrawn from the territory.

During the cold war Dutch Air Force flying units were integrated in NATO's Second Allied Tactical Air Force tasked with defending northern West Germany against Warsaw Pact forces.


In 1992 Ypenburg Air Base closed. After the USAF handed over their section of Soesterberg in September 1994, Soesterberg then became a RNLAF transport helicopter base with 298 Squadron

(CH-47D Chinook) and 300 Squadron (AS 532U2 Cougar Mk2 and SA 316 Alouette III) stationed at the base.

RNLAF F-16s participated in all operations over Yugoslavia from 1993: Deny Flight, including Deliberate Force in 1995 and ending with Operation Allied Force in 1999 from two bases in Italy. Initially from Villafranca AB in the north of Italy, later moving south to Amendola AB. During the operations over FRY RNLAF F-16s flew reconnaissance (306 Sqn detachments from Volkel AB were in theatre throughout the operations), enforced the Bosnian no-fly zone, dropped bombs on Udbina AB (1994), successfully dropped an unguided bomb on a moving Serb tank during the fall of Srebrenica (1995), and took part in Deliberate Force later in the summer of 1995.

Between 1994 and 1997 Dutch GCI personnel, along with Canadian GCI controllers, provided many hundreds of hours of fighter control and surveillance as integrated members of USAF/ANG Air Control Squadrons. In May 1999 during the Kosovo crisis a RNLAF F-16AM pilot Major Peter Tankink shot down a Yugoslavian MiG-29 with an AMRAAM, but the force was more recognized for its high bombing accuracy. Allied Force was also the operational debut for the upgraded F-16AM. Besides the CAP missions, offensive bombing and photo reconnaissance missions were flown. KDC-10 tankers refuelled allied aircraft over the Adriatic Sea, and C-130 Hercules transports flew daily sorties from Eindhoven AB to logistically support the operation. Dutch F-16s also dropped cluster bombs on Niš. In total, RNLAF aircraft flew 1,194 sorties during operation Allied Force, which is about 7.5% of the total 37,000 sorties flown.

On 2 October 2002 a tri-national detachment of 18 Dutch, Danish and Norwegian F-16 ground attack aircraft and one Dutch KDC-10 tanker deployed to Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan in support of ground forces in Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. On 1 October 2003 the Dutch F-16 detachment returned to the Netherlands and the KDC-10 returned even earlier (1 April 2003). The RNLAF returned to Manas AB on 8 September 2004 with five F-16 and one KDC-10 in support of the presidential elections of Afghanistan. This time the aircraft flew under the NATO ISAF flag. On 24 March 2005 the whole Dutch detachment transferred from Manas AB to Kabul International Airport. A detachment of six AH-64D Apache helicopters were already stationed at Kabul International Airport from April 2004 until March 2005.

In February 2006 four Dutch F-16s were joined by four Royal Norwegian Air Force F-16s in a detachment known as the 1st Netherlands-Norwegian European Participating Forces Expeditionary Air Wing (1 NLD/NOR EEAW). This was a follow up of the participation with the Belgian Air Force.

As part of the expanded NATO ISAF mission in southern Afghanistan in August 2006, the Royal Netherlands Air Force had three CH-47D Chinook of 298 Sq stationed at Kandahar Airfield. On 12 November 2006 eight F-16s transferred from Kabul International Airport to Kandahar Airfield, Additionally, a detachment of six (later four) AH-64D Apache helicopters had been stationed of Tarin Kowt, Uruzgan province. The CH-47D Chinooks of 298 sq rotated with Cougars from 300 sq. All helicopters together with a few F-16s returned to the Netherlands in November 2010. The other four F-16s transferred from Kandahar Airfield to Mazar-e-Sharif International Airport in November 2011. The F-16 flight, providing Close Air Support for ground forces and Recce Flights (specialised in counter-ied's), ended their mission officially on 1 July 2014.

On 31 August 2006 a Royal Netherlands Air Force (Michael "Sofac" Donkervoort) pilot was killed when his plane crashed during a mission to support British ground troops in Helmand province.

On 7 December 2007 military use of Twente Air Base ceased. The aerodrome is now known as Enschede Airport Twente. Flying officially ended at Soesterberg Air Base on 12 November 2008. The last jet ever to take off was a Hellenic AF F-4E. The base formally closed on 31 December 2008. The 298th and 300th squadron have been moved to Gilze-Rijen Air Base. A part of the base remains in use as a glider field, however. Also, the former USAFE side will be in use by ground units Relocated from Kamp van Zeist and will be called "Camp New Amsterdam". Finally, the AF museum (Royal Netherlands Military Aviation Museum) returned to the base and will use most of the existing hangars.

In 2013 the Royal Netherlands Air Force provided Strategic Airlift Support with a KDC-10 in support of French operations in Mali.

The RNLAF was hit hard by the Dutch defence cuts after the 2008 financial crisis. 311 Squadron was disbanded in September 2012, leaving four squadrons of F-16s, and one DC-10 Transport Aircraft was disposed of.

In October 2014 the Netherlands Air Force joined the US and its Allies fighting ISIL, deploying eight F-16s (of which two are in reserve) to Jordan.

On 31 October 2014 323 Tactess squadron (F-16) disbanded and its aircraft and personnel were merged into 322 Squadron. The following Wednesday (5 November) the squadron reformed in the US as the RNLAF's first Joint Strike Fighter unit.

303 Squadron (Agusta Bell AB 412SP) provided search and rescue within Dutch Flight Information Region) until 1 January 2015 when the unit was disbanded.

As per 2017 the Air Defence – Quick Reaction Force of two F-16 fighters are integrated for Belgian, Dutch and Luxembourg airspace and rotated between Dutch and Belgian ADF squadrons.

From 2014 The Royal Netherlands Air Force provided eight F-16s in support of the coalition fighting IS. The aircraft were initially deployed in Iraq and later Syria. The mission was handed over to the Belgian Air Force in July 2016 after more than 2100 missions were flown, with weapons used over 1800 times. The Royal Netherlands Air Force contributed extensively to the missions flown by the coalition forces and were in high demand.

Since 2017 RNLAF KDC-10 and C-130 Hercules are deployed to an airfield in the Middle East to assist the USA led coalition in Operation Inherent Resolve.

In January 2018 the Dutch F-16s returned to the Middle East for a year-long deployment.

In the country of the Netherlands there are 11 air bases. They are.


Amr Zaki

Amr Hassan Zaki (; born 1 April 1983) is an Egyptian retired professional footballer who played as a striker.

ENPPI

Zamalek

Egypt

Individual


Trostberg

Trostberg () is a town in Traunstein, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Alz, 19 km northwest of Traunstein.

Cheslie Kryst

Cheslie Corrinne Kryst (April 28, 1991 – January 30, 2022) was an American beauty queen and television presenter. She won Miss USA in 2019. She also represented the United States in Miss Universe. Kryst was born in Jackson, Michigan. From 2019 until her death, she was a presenter for the television show "Extra".

Kryst, aged 30, jumped off from her New York City apartment building on January 30, 2022.

Übersee

Übersee is a municipality in Traunstein in upper Bavaria, Germany. It is on the south shore of lake Chiemsee.

Übersee is in the Chiemgau, more accurately at the northern entrance to the Achental (Achen Valley), the valley of the river Tiroler Achen which has its origin in Tyrol, Austria. Said river also marks most of the eastern border between Übersee and Grabenstätt, before flowing into lake Chiemsee. The area around the river mouth belongs to Übersee.

The village is mostly on flat land, with the only major elevation being the Westerbuchberg, one of the southernmost parts of Übersee.

The second stream flowing through the village is the Überseer Bach which has its origin in Grassau, south of Übersee. The smaller stream marks an east-bound border between Übersee, Bernau and the Chiemseemoos, while still flowing entirely within the area of Übersee.

Through the neighbourhood of Feldwies, Übersee is connected to the shore of lake Chiemsee, the largest lake in Bavaria.

Übersee is divided into 36 small neighbourhoods:

Übersee's neighbouring municipalities (clockwise from the north-east) are: Grabenstätt, Staudach-Egerndach, Grassau and Bernau am Chiemsee.

Unterwössen

Unterwössen is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Vachendorf

Vachendorf is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipality of Vachendorf has 17 districts.:

Spielwang

Spielwang is a small village within the municipality of Vachendorf in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

It is not far away from the Chiemsee.

Waging am See

Waging am See (officially: "Waging a. See") is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. The town, well-known as a climatic spa, is at the Waginger See, the warmest lake in Upper Bavaria, with temperatures up to 27 °C.

Waging is west of the Waginger See. The name "am See" ("on the lake") is somewhat confusing: due to the lowering of the Tiroler Achen river, which comes from the southern end of the lake near the town of Petting, the water level declined about in 1867, which led to Waging being away from the waterside.

Wonneberg

Wonneberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Amberg, Swabia

Amberg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Türkheim.

Apfeltrach

Apfeltrach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.

Babenhausen, Bavaria

Babenhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. It is seat of a municipal association with Egg an der Günz, Kettershausen, Kirchhaslach, Oberschönegg and Winterrieden.


Bad Grönenbach

Bad Grönenbach is a market town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. It belongs to the region of Upper Swabia and the headquarters of the community association of the same name.

Upper Swabia

Upper Swabia ( or ) is a region in Germany in the states of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria. The name refers to the area between the Swabian Jura, Lake Constance and the Lech. Its equivalent is Lower Swabia ("Niederschwaben"), the region around Heilbronn.

The region of Upper Swabia is in the central south of Germany containing of the south-east of Baden-Württemberg and the south-west Bavarian Swabia region and is on the Iller-Lech Plateau, also known as the Upper Swabian Plain, one of the natural regions of Germany. The landscape of Upper Swabia is quite hilly rising from about 458 metres above sea level in the valley of the river Danube to 833 metres above sea level in the south-west of Upper Swabia only to decrease again to 395 meters above sea level at Lake Constance. The European watershed also passes through the region, with some rivers releasing into the Danube (ultimately flowing into the Black Sea) and others releasing into Lake Constance (ending in the North Sea).

Upper Swabia is still a rural area dominated by villages. The urban population is concentrated in the cities of Friedrichshafen, Ravensburg & Weingarten and Biberach an der Riß as well as Memmingen and Günzburg.

Upper Swabia is part of the Tübingen, a being a sub-division of a federal state.

The following districts are wholly or partially part of Upper Swabia:




Hohbäumle

Hohbäumle is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Underground (1995 movie)

Underground ( / "Podzemlje") is a 1995 international black comedy movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Miki Manojlović, Lazar Ristovski, Mirjana Joković, Slavko Štimac, Ernst Stötzner, Srđan Todorović.


Lebanon, Oregon

Lebanon ( ) is a city in Linn County, Oregon, United States. The population was 18,447 at the 2020 census.

Carla Borelli

Carla Borelli (born October 12, 1942) is an American actress. Borelli played Lisa Vincent in "The Betty White Show" on CBS (1977-1978). From 1979 to 1982, Borelli played the part of Reena Bellman Cook Dekker on the daytime soaps "Another World" and "Texas". 

Borelli was married to the actor Donald May until his death in 2022.

Hans-Peter Lanig

Hans-Peter Lanig (7 December 1935 – 28 January 2022) was a German alpine skier. He competed for the United Team of Germany in the 1956 Winter Olympics and in the 1960 Winter Olympics, winning a silver medal in 1960. He was born in Bad Hindelang, Bavaria, Germany. 

Lanig died on 28 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Bernard Quilfen

Bernard Quilfen (20 April 1949 – 29 January 2022) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He won a stage in the 1977 Tour de France. Quilfen was born in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise, France. He led the Cofidis team from the 1997 Tour de France.

Quilfen died on 29 January 2022, at the age of 72.

Gerd Schädlich

Gerd Schädlich (30 December 1952 – 29 January 2022) was a German football player and manager. He was most known for managing East German professional teams Erzgebirge Aue and Chemnitzer FC. His playing career lasted from 1972 until 1976 and he only played for Chemnitzer. His managing career lasted from 1978 until 2013. Schädlich was born in Rodewisch, then-East Germany.

Schädlich died after a long illness on 29 January 2022, at the age of 69.

Freddy Thielemans

Freddy Thielemans (11 September 1944 – 29 January 2022) was a Belgian socialist politician. He was the mayor of the City of Brussels from 2001 to 2013. He was mayor before, for a short time in 1994. Thielemans was born in Brussels. 

Thielemans died on 29 January 2022 in Brussels from problems caused by a fall he had in 2016, aged 77.

Leonid Kuravlyov

Leonid Vyacheslavovich Kuravlyov (; 8 October 1936 – 30 January 2022) was a Russian actor. He became a People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1976. His best known roles were in "Seventeen Moments of Spring", "The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed" and "Private Detective, or Operation Cooperation".

Kuravlyov died from pneumonia caused by dementia at a Moscow hospital on 30 January 2022, at the age of 85.

Viktor Merezhko

Viktor Ivanovich Merezhko (; 28 July 1937 – 30 January 2022) was a Russian director, producer, playwright, actor, screenwriter, and television presenter. He was awarded the honorary title People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 2014. His best known works were "Family Relations", "Flights in Dreams and Reality" and "Assia and the Hen with the Golden Eggs". Merezhko was born in Rostov Oblast, then-Soviet Union.

Merezhko died on 30 January 2022 at a Moscow hospital from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 84.


S. K. Paramasivan

Sinniampalayam Kumaraswamy Paramasivan (26 February 1919 – 30 January 2022) was an Indian politician and agriculturist. He was a member of Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India between 1962 and 1967. Paramasivan was born in Chinniampalayam, Erode, British Raj. He was a member of the Indian National Congress.

Paramasivan died on 30 January 2022 in Tiruchengode, Tamil Nadu, India from cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 102.

Dmitry Kharatyan

Dmitry Kharatyan PAR (born Dmitry Vadimovich Kharatyan () 21 January 1960) is a Russian actor. He is of Armenian descent. His first movie role was in Vladimir Menshov's "Practical Joke" in 1977.

In March 2014, he signed a letter in support of President Vladimir Putin actions on Crimea.

Carlos Gutierrez

Carlos Miguel Gutierrez (originally Gutiérrez; born November 4, 1953) is a Cuban-born American businessman and politician. He was the United States Secretary of Commerce from 2005 until 2009 during the George W. Bush presidency. He is the Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of EmPath.

Gutierrez is a former Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Kellogg Company. 

In August 2016, Gutierrez supported Hillary Clinton for president and criticized Donald Trump's economic plans. In 2020, he supported Joe Biden for president.

3D video game

A 3D video game is a style of game set in 3 dimensions or modeled using 3D graphics. There are several types of 3D video games:


The Manchurian Candidate (1962 movie)

The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American thriller movie directed by John Frankenheimer and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Richard Condon. It stars Frank Sintara, Laurence Harvey, Janet Leigh, Angela Lansbury, James Gregory, Henry Silva, Leslie Parrish, Albert Paulsen, Barry Kelley and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1963.


Nokia E71

Nokia E71 was an Nokia E series mobile phone developer of Nokia Corporation. It was announced on June 2008 at Mobile World Congress and release on July 4, 2008. Nokia E71 was successor like Nokia E72 after release on October 1, 2009.

In June 1, 2008. Mobile World Congress announced they will be release new Nokia E series mobile phone but it was not similar to Nokia 6300. In June 13, 2008. In The New York Times was wrote <nowiki>"Nokia E71 is coming, thanks for support"</nowiki> public on June 15, 2008.

In June 25, 2008. Nokia announced this new Nokia E series mobile phone was name is <nowiki>"</nowiki>"Nokia E71"<nowiki>"</nowiki>, with the new keyboard on Nokia E71 after announced on June 30.

In July 4, 2008. Nokia E71 was release of worldwide.

In May 17, 2011, another website of BBC News or MSN was announced of the discontinued of Nokia E71 on September 10, 2011 because was no longer after release in July 2008. Nokia E71 was ended sales on June 19, 2011 and discontinued in United Kingdom and Canada on August 16, 2011. In September 10, 2011. Nokia E71 has discontinued of worldwide.

After Nokia E71 discontinued, in October 2011. Nokia announced they will be release the next phone after Nokia E71 was ended of support. Nokia E71 website was public on WayBack Machine on July 4, 2012.


Monaghan

Monaghan is a town in Ireland. It is the county town of County Monaghan. It is the biggest town in the county. Around 7000 people live there. The town is on the N2 road. 

Spanish Mathematical Olympiad

The Spanish Mathematical Olympiad is a competition in Spain.

Mathematical Olympiad in Navarra is the district phase of the Spanish Mathematical Olympiad in Navarre.

It has been held continuously since 1992, under the supervision of professor Gustavo Ochoa.

Each year, classified students from Aragon, La Rioja and Navarra compete in a tournament called ""Triangular de matemáticas"", which is held in one of the 3 communities each year, between January and March.


Yellowbelly voiceless tree frog

The yellowbelly voiceless tree frog or yellow-bellied voiceless tree frog ("Charadrahyla altipotens") is a frog that lives in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1100 and 1900 meters above sea level in cloud forests and pine-oak forests.

The adult male frog is about 68.8 to 75.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 69.4 to 75.3 mm long. This frog is light brown, light green, or dark green in color on its back. This frog can change color and look dark brown. This frog can have dark green or brown spots. It can have dark bars across its legs. There is a light brown stripe above its mouth. There are two stripes from its mouth to its eyes over its head. On the sides, this frog is light yellow in color. The webbing between its toes is yellow-tan. The belly and throat are yellow. The iris of the eye is copper in color.

Tadpoles are dark brown in color with gold marks on the belly. Young frogs are reddish in color with stripes.

This frog does not have vocal sacs or vocal slits, so scientists think it does not sing or croak, not even when the frogs look for mates.

This frog lays eggs during the time of year when there is less rain. The female frog lays eggs in streams. The tadpoles grow during the rainy season.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Both the IUCN Red List and the government of Mexico say this frog is endangered.

It is in danger because of sickness and because human beings change the places where it lives. Human beings cut down trees for wood and to build cities. Also, the chemicals that human beings use to kill pests and make crops grow can kill this frog. Pollution can also kill this frog.

The Latin name of this frog "altipotens" means "very powerful." Scientists named it this because the male frogs have large sex organs.

APS

APS may refer to:

Bolivian bleating frog

The Bolivian bleating frog ("Hamptophryne boliviana") is a frog that lives in Bolivia but also Venezuela, Peru, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, Brazil, Ecuador, and Colombia. It lives in the Amazon River Basin. They sometimes live with tarantula spiders.

The adult male frog is about 3.2 cm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 3.2 to 3.8 cm long.

This frog is mostly brown with a white or pale belly. The brown color on its back is much lighter in color than the skin on the sides of its head and body. There is a medium-brown pattern on the middle of its back. This frog looks like a dead leaf.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It mostly stays on the ground instead of climbing trees like a tree frog or staying the water like a swimming frog. It mostly stays in primary forest, though people sometimes see it in secondary forest or near the edges of forests. People see them sitting on small plants.

This frog has many young at once. The male frogs go to ponds where the water is not deep. They go to ponds that are there all year and to ponds that dry up for part of the year. The male frogs sing together for the females. Some females can lay more than 2000 eggs at one time.

The tadpoles are about 3.0 cm long.

This frog mostly eats ants, but it will also eat beetles, earwigs, termites, other mites, and larvae.

Tarantulas can eat this frog. So can the toad "Ceratophrys cornuta".

This frog sometimes lives with tarantula spiders in the species "Xenesthis immanis". Scientists think that the frogs eat ants that would eat the tarantula's eggs.

This species is named after Mr. Eijiro Nagao. Mr. Nagao was President of Japan's Marusan Securities Co. Ltd. The Nagao Environmental Foundation gave scientists the money to study amphibians in Sri Lanka.

Glenwood High School, Glenrothes

The building originally opened in 1962 and was fully renovated and extended in 1982. These renovations included adding on a second building known as the H block by pupils and staff. The schools has modern facilities such as a well equipped Library and Information Centre; modern gym facilities including a games hall, gymnasium, swimming pool, fitness suite and dance studio. There are also extensive playing fields and a blaze pitch. There are also purpose built Theatre Arts facilities including a purpose built suite of music rooms and a primary Drama Studio. The school also has eight computer rooms including 2 WiFi rooms (added in 2013). In February 2008 the school completed works to allow for disabled access by fitting lifts and ramps into the original main block and the H block taking users from the ground floor to the 2nd in the main block, and the ground floor to the 1st floor in the H block with ease.

In 2018 Fife Council announced that the only money they had available for a new school building, which is badly required was to merge the school with Glenrothes High School. Still to be rubber stamped, it is hoped that the new school will enter planning once nearby Madras College's new building is finished.

In 2020 The school was forced into online school by the coronavirus which made many children not check the new learning application of microsoft teams
This school was funded by Tobey Maguire

Benningen

Benningen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Böhen

Böhen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Ottobeuren.

Boos, Bavaria

Boos is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The town is the seat of the municipal association with Fellheim, Heimertingen, Niederrieden and Pleß.

Breitenbrunn, Swabia

Breitenbrunn is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.

Buxheim, Swabia

Buxheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Dirlewang

Dirlewang is a market town and municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town is seat of a municipal association with Apfeltrach, Stetten, Bavaria and Unteregg.

Egg an der Günz

Egg an der Günz is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Eppishausen

Eppishausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany. It has a municipal association with Kirchheim in Schwaben.


Erkheim

Erkheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Ettringen, Bavaria

Ettringen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Fellheim

Fellheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos, Bavaria.

Hawangen

Hawangen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. Hawangen is east of Memmingen. The town has a municipal association with Ottobeuren.

Heimertingen

Heimertingen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos, Bavaria.

Holzgünz

Holzgünz is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Kammlach

Kammlach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Erkheim.

First Vienna FC (women)

First Vienna FC is a women soccer team from Vienna. It plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the top league in Austrias women's football. The team is the women's section of First Vienna FC, the oldest football club in Austria. The second team is playing in the Wiener Frauen Landesliga (3rd level).
The first women's team was founded in 1990 and started in the ÖFB-Frauenliga. 1993 they were relegatet to 2. Division Ost. In 1995 they were promoted to the Bundesliga. 1996 they went back to the 2. Division although they were qualified for the next bundesliga-season. 1997 the section was dissolved, the team went to Hellas Kagran.

In 2011 the club started with new youth teams (U11, U13 and U15) which are playing in different leagues. In 2012 the women's section was again founded. In the 2012-13 season they started in the 1. Klasse (4th level) and were promoted to Wiener Frauen-Landesliga. In the 2017-18 season they became champion and were promoted to the 2. Liga Ost Süd. In the 2019-20 the modus was changed, there was only one league for the whole state. After 10 rounds Vienna led, but the league was stopped due to COVID-19. 2020-21 they won the 2. Bundesliga and were promoted to the ÖFB-Frauenliga.


Federal Republic of Cameroon

The Federal Republic of Cameroon was established on 1 October 1961 as a result of the union between the Republic of Cameroon, former French Cameroon and the Southern Cameroons, part of the former British Cameroon. The existence of the two Cameroon is a major consequence of the World War I which also took place on Cameroonian soil.

The Federal Republic of Cameroon lasted from 1 October 1961 to 20 May 1972 and was made up of two states :


On 11 November 1961, Ahmadou Ahidjo invited the other parties in the Assembly to join the UC to found a single Cameroonian party in order to develop the Cameroonian society and economy: "I say straight away that it is desirable that in Cameroon there should be a large unified party. In any case, I personally wish it after an agreement between the different parties that exist. A great unified national party into which Cameroonians would freely enter, after being convinced. A party in which there is democracy, freedom of expression, freedom of discussion; a party in which there can be several tendencies, with the understanding that the minority supports the opinions of the majority. The Union of the Peoples of Cameroon led by Theodore Mayi Matip, the Cameroon Socialist Party led by Charles Okala and the Cameroon Democrats Party led by André-Marie Mbida refused to accept the President's authoritarian drift3.

On 27 April 1962, John Ngu Foncha and Ahmadou Ahidjo formed the 'National Unity Group' which included all the deputies of the Federal Assembly and the UC-KNDP Coordination Committee whose goal was to suppress political pluralism in the two federated states.

The electorate votes for a five-year mandate by direct universal suffrage and secret ballot for the President of the Federal Republic and a Vice-President from a different federal state than the President. The president is the head of the armed forces, the state and the federal government.

The Federal Assembly is composed of 50 deputies calculated on the basis of 1 deputy per 80,000 residents. They are distributed as follows: 40 deputies for East Cameroon and 10 for West Cameroon. In East Cameroon, the 40 deputies were divided according to regions: 14 deputies for the North, 10 for the Centre-South, 8 for the West, 5 for the Littoral and 3 for the East.

West Cameroon has an Assembly of Traditional Leaders and a Legislative Assembly. The Legislative Assembly of Western Cameroon is composed of 37 representatives.

As the traditional power has not been officially recognized in the political arena of the former French Cameroon, the Legislative Assembly of this part of the Federal Republic of Cameroon is unicameral.

North Region, Portugal

North Region is the most populous region in Portugal, higher population than Lisboa, and the third largest by area. 3,576,205 people live in this region according to the 2017 census. It is one of five regions of Mainland Portugal, most people live in the urban area of Porto, with about one million living there. There are also people living in urban areas in Northwestern Portugal, like Braga and Guimarães.

Northern Portugal is a cultural region, it was first settled by various pre-Celtic and Celtic tribes before being visited by some Mediterranean civilizations who traded with the locals, including Greek, Carthaginians, Iberia was then invaded by the Romans and by Germanic peoples, and was attacked by the Moors, Berbers, Arabs and Vikings.

Northern Portugal is a mountainous region. Locally known as "serras" include Serra do Gerês, Peneda, Marão and Soajo. There are some natural parks including the Peneda-Gerês National Park, Montesinho Natural Park, and the Alvão Natural Park.

Lincoln Peirce

Lincoln Peirce is the author of the Big Nate book series and comics. He is also an American cartoonist. Peirce is also the creator of the animated series "Big Nate" and "Max & the Midknights", which was premiered on the Paramount+ streaming service.

After completing the "Big Nate" novel series in 2016, Peirce began work on the Max & the Midknights series, a comedic adventure story set in the Middle Ages. It is the first in a projected three-book series published by Crown Books for Young Readers. "Max & the Midknights" was published on January 8, 2019, and went on to spend sixteen weeks on the New York Times Bestseller list, peaking at #2. The second book in the series, "Max & the Midknights: Battle of the Bodkins" was released on December 1, 2020. Peirce is currently working on the third and final book in the series, "Max & the Midknights: The Tower of Time". It has finally been confirmed that it will release on March 1, 2022. Similarly to "Big Nate", on November 16, 2021, "Max & the Midknights" has been greenlit for an animated series on Nickelodeon. Originally planned to premiere on Nickelodeon, the series will instead debuted in 2024, on the Paramount+ streaming service.

Max &amp; the Midknights

Max & the Midknights is a book series set in the Middle Ages, written by Lincoln Peirce. It is the first in a three-book series published by Crown Books for Young Readers. The book series has 3 books in it. Similarly to "Big Nate", on November 16, 2021, "Max & the Midknights" has been greenlit for an animated series on Nickelodeon, and it will premiere on Paramount+ in 2024.

Rite Aid

Rite Aid is a pharmacy chain in the United States. It was founded in 1962 in Scranton. Its headquarters are in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Kettershausen

Kettershausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Kirchhaslach

Kirchhaslach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Kirchheim in Schwaben

Kirchheim or Kirchheim in Schwaben (engl. "Kirchheim in Swabia") is a municipality and a market town in Unterallgäu in the region of Swabia (Schwaben) in the south-west of Bavaria, Germany.
North-east of the town is the Augsburg Western Woods Nature Park.

Apart from the town of Kirchheim, the municipality surrounds the villages of Derndorf, Hasberg, Spöck und Tiefenried. The town has a municipal association with Eppishausen of which it is the capital and place of administration.

The town is south-west of Augsburg, west of Munich.


Eckerd Corporation

Eckerd was an American pharmacy chain in the United States. It was founded in 1898 in Erie. Its headquarters were in Florida.
On September 22, 2006, Rite Aid announced that it would acquire, Brooks and Eckerd.

Kronburg

Kronburg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Lachen, Bavaria

Lachen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Lauben, Unterallgäu

Lauben is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Erkheim.

Lautrach

Lautrach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Legau

Legau is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Markt Rettenbach

Markt Rettenbach is a municipality and market town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Markt Wald

Markt Wald is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Alemão

Alemão, sometimes "Alemao" (meaning "German" in Portuguese) may refer to:


Memmingerberg

Memmingerberg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town is seat of a municipal association with Benningen, Holzgünz, Lachen, Bavaria, Trunkelsberg and Ungerhausen.

Mindelheim

Mindelheim () is a town in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. The town is the capital of Unterallgäu.

Mindelheim is on the river Mindel, about west of the Bavarian capital of Munich. Other towns nearby are Memmingen or the health resorts of Bad Grönenbach, Ottobeuren or Bad Wörishofen.

Mindelheim is close to the Autobahn 96 leading from Munich to Lindau. Furthermore, Mindelheim station is on the Buchloe–Memmingen railway, which connects to Zürich via Memmingen and Lindau and to Munich via Buchloe, and the Central Swabian Railway ("Mittelschwabenbahn"), which connects to Günzburg via Krumbach.

Mindelheim is twinned with several European towns:



Niederrieden

Niederrieden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos.

Oberrieden, Bavaria

Oberrieden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.

Oberschönegg

Oberschönegg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Ottobeuren

Ottobeuren (Swabian: "Ottobeire", Medieval Latin: "Ottobura") is a market town and municipality in Bavaria, Germany, placed 11 km southeast of Memmingen near the A7. The town is seat of a municipal association with Hawangen and Böhen.

Ottobeuren is twinned with:


Pfaffenhausen

Pfaffenhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town is seat of a municipal association with Breitenbrunn, Swabia, Oberrieden, Bavaria and Salgen.

Pleß

Pleß is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos, Bavaria.

Rammingen, Bavaria

Rammingen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Türkheim.

Alemão (footballer, born 2002)

Matheus Diogo Desevinka de Oliveira (born 10 June 2002), also known as Alemão, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Operário Ferroviário.

Salgen

Salgen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.

Sontheim, Bavaria

Sontheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Stetten, Bavaria

Stetten is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.

It is in Upper Swabia.

Trunkelsberg

Trunkelsberg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Türkheim

Türkheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The neighboring places of Türkheim are Ettringen, Berg, Rammingen, Irsingen, Wiedergeltingen and Amberg. The administrative collectivity of Türkheim administrate Türkheim and Irsingen. The town is seat of a municipal association with Amberg, Rammingen and Wiedergeltingen.

A subcamp of Dachau was once placed here. 

Tussenhausen

Tussenhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Ungerhausen

Ungerhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Unteregg

Unteregg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.

Westerheim, Bavaria

Westerheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Erkheim.

Wiedergeltingen

Wiedergeltingen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Türkheim.

Winterrieden

Winterrieden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The municipality has a municipal association with Babenhausen.

Wolfertschwenden

Wolfertschwenden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Woringen

Woringen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Bernried am Starnberger See

Bernried am Starnberger See is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the shore of Starnberger See.

Böbing

Böbing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Second Kretschmer cabinet

The Second Kretschmer cabinet or Cabinet Kretschmer II is the current state government of Saxony after the 2019 Saxony state election on September 1, 2019. The "Cabinet Kretschmer II" is a coalition between the political parties CDU, led by Minister-president of Saxony Michael Kretschmer, Bündnis 90/Die Grünen and the SPD.

In the 4th session of the 7th Saxon State Parliament on December 20, 2019, the Saxon Minister-president Michael Kretschmer, who has been in office since December 13, 2017, was re-elected to this office with 61 votes and 57 against. At least 5 members of the coalition voted against Michael Kretschmer. 118 of the 119 Members of Parliament took part in the election.


Southgate, Michigan

Southgate is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Taylor, Michigan

Taylor is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 63,409 people lived there.

Trenton, Michigan

Trenton is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Wayne, Michigan

Wayne is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Burton, Michigan

Burton is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Presque Isle, Maine

Presque Isle is a city in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Burggen

Burggen is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Eberfing

Eberfing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Eglfing

Eglfing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Habach

Habach is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Hohenfurch

Hohenfurch is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Hohenpeißenberg

Hohenpeißenberg is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. Hohenpeißenberg is in the Bavarian Oberland, in the alpine uplan.

It exists only as a local subdistrict.

The highest point is the peak of the 988 meter high Hoher Peißenberg (high Peißenberg).

The region is on the left edge of the Ammer. The Ammer flows south of the local center in a small ravine called the "Schnalz".

Surah ar-Rahman

Ar-Rahman (, ; The Merciful) is the 55th Chapter (Surah) of the Qur'an. It has 78 verses (āyāt). The chapter commonly repeats the phrase "Then which of your Lord’s favours will you both deny?" starting from Quran 55:13 to Quran 55:77. 

Sierra Madre Oriental

The Sierra Madre Oriental (Spanish for "Eastern Mother Range") is a mountain range. It is in Mexico, Honduras, and Guatemala. It is part of the Sierra Madre mountain range.

The Sierra Madre Oriental is part of the American Cordillera. The American Cordillera is a row of mountains that go from North America to Antarctica. is about 700 miles long (1000 kilometers). They are about 60 million years old. They are made of limestone rock and shale rock. They have copper, iron, and other important metals in them. The tallest mountain in the Sierra Madre Oriental is about 12,000 feet high (3600 meters). The Rio Grande is the space between the Rocky Mountains and the Sierra Madre Oriental Mountains.

There are deserts in the northern Sierra Madre Oriental and tropical forests in the southern Sierra Madre Oriental.

Huglfing

Huglfing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Iffeldorf

Iffeldorf is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Ingenried

Ingenried is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Oberhausen, Weilheim-Schongau

Oberhausen is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Obersöchering

Obersöchering is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Pähl

Pähl am Ammersee is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the lake of Ammersee to the southwest of Munich.


Peiting

Peiting is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right edge of the Lech, 3 km southeast of Schongau, and 17 km west of Weilheim in Oberbayern.

ACS

ACS may refer to:

Rina (given name)

Rina is a given name for women. It is a beautiful name that has a rich history and meaning. The name Rina is of Hebrew origin and means "joyful" or "happy." It is a popular name in many cultures and has been used for centuries. The pronunciation of the name is [ ree-n"uh" ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in the United States

People who have COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in the United States are American people who refuse or are hesitant to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in the United States is part of the larger history of vaccine hesitancy.

Linda (given name)

Linda is a female given name. The name Linda is of Spanish and Portuguese origin and means "pretty" or "beautiful." It is derived from the Spanish word "lindo," which means "pretty" or "lovely." The name Linda has been used in many different cultures, including Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, and English. The pronunciation of the name is [ lin-d"uh" ]. This name was ranked #850 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 



John Money

John William Money (8 July 1921 – 7 July 2006) was a New Zealand psychologist, sexologist and author. He researched human sexuality and gender identity.

Money studied education and psychology at Victoria University of Wellington. Money was a professor at Johns Hopkins University in the United States.

Money made the "theory of neutrality", which argued that males and females are born without psychological differences. This lead him to conduct an experiment where he raised a boy as a girl, which failed.

Mai (name)

Mai could be used as a given name or surname.The name Mai has its origins in different cultures and languages. In Japanese, the name Mai means "dance" or "brightness." It is a popular name for girls in Japan and is often associated with the traditional Japanese dance form called "mai." The name Mai is also used in Vietnam, where it means "plum blossom." In Chinese, the name Mai means "wheat" or "grain." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Lina

Lina is a given name for women. The name Lina is of Arabic origin and means "tender" or "soft". It is a name that is often given to baby girls and is a popular name in many Arabic-speaking countries. The name Lina is also used in other cultures, including Italian, Spanish, and German.The pronunciation of the name is [ lee-n"uh" ]. This name was ranked #669 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Lena (name)

The name Lena has its roots in Greece and signifies "light" or "torch". This name is an offshoot of the Greek name Helen, which translates to "bright" or "shining". The pronunciation of the name is [ lee-n"uh"; "Russian" lye-n"uh" ]. This name was ranked #293 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Lena is a given name for women. Notable people with this name include:





Lena

Lena or LENA may refer to:






TBS

TBS may refer to:

Flag of Libya (1977–2011)

The flag of Libya from 1977 to 2011 was the flag of the Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 1986 and the flag of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to 2011. The design is a green field in 1:2 ratio.

In 2011, after the collapse of Gaddafi's government, the 1951–1969 flag from the Kingdom of Libya was re-adopted.

Before 1977, the country was called the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977 and used a red-white-black flag.

Aase Clausen

Aase Othlo Barfod Clausen (1914 - 2005) was a Danish model and movie actress. She was the fifth Miss Europe. She was the first Danish to get the title. She also won the fifth title of the Miss Denmark beauty contest. She also participated in the 1932 edition of Miss Universe.

Lisa Halliday

Lisa Halliday (born July 12, 1976) is an American author. She mainly writes novels. Halliday has written several books. Her most popular book is "Asymmetry." She won the Whiting Award for it in 2017.'

Of Halliday's book Asymmetry, Alice Gregory of the "New York Times Book Review" wrote, "Halliday’s novel is so strange and startlingly smart that its mere existence seems like commentary on the state of fiction". There were also positive reviews from Karen Heller of the "Washington Post" and Parul Sehgal of the "New York Times."

Gray, Tennessee

Gray is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washington County, Tennessee, United States and a rural suburb of Johnson City. It is part of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" area. 1,293 people lived there as of the 2020 census.

The town was founded as Gray Station, Tennessee because of a train rail running through the town. The Gray area was only rural farms until the 1990s. Some suburban areas began to take shape. The Gray area has rapidly grown each year starting in 200 because of the addition of new chain restaurants and a museum known as the Gray Fossil Site.

Uukwiyu Constituency

Uukwiyu Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. 11,894 people live in this region, the capital is the settlement of Uukwiyu.

Uukwiyu constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party, which have been Namibia’s dominant party since the Border War. 

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO politician Andreas N. Amundjindi won the constituency with 3,701 votes. The government opposition was Salmi Benjameni of the Rally for Democracy and Progress, who received only 48 votes. In the 2015 local and regional elections the SWAPO candidate won and became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate.

Ondangwa Rural

Ondangwa Rural is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It had 13,613 people living there in 2016 and 7,682 registered voters . The administrative capital of the constituency is Eheke.

In 2013, Ondangwa Rural was created by splitting the former constituency of Ondangwa into a rural and an urban part in August 2013.

Ondangwa is dominated by government party South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO). These people have served as councillors of Ondangwa Rural constituency:


In the 2015 local and regional elections councillor Âlfeus Abraham after no opposition party nominated a candidate. Abraham was again reelected in the 2020 regional election after winning with 2,170 votes, followed by Armas Ntinda of the Independent Patriots for Change with 944 votes.

Spine-fingered tree frog

The spine-fingered tree frog or spinefinger tree frog ("Charadrahyla trux") is a frog that lives in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Mexico. This frog lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1760 and 2415 meters above sea level.

This frog has smooth skin on its back and rough skin on its belly and legs. It is pale brown in color with darker spots. There is some blue color on its middle. Its front feet have some webbing and its back feet have more webbing. The adult male frog has a pointed face and the adult female frog has a rounder one.

Ongwediva Constituency

Ongwediva Constituency is a constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It had 27,396 living people and 22,061 registered voters . Its capital is the town of Ongwediva.

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO candidate Vinia Abisai won the constituency with 7,565 votes, followed by opposition Nelson Katenda of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 686 votes and Lukas Naingungo of the Congress of Democrats with 70 votes. The 2015 regional elections was won by Andreas Uutoñi of SWAPO with 6,249 votes, ahead of Peter Mandeinge of Rally for Democracy and Progress with 418 votes.

Councillor Uutoñi (SWAPO) was reelected in the 2020 regional election. He beaten government opposition Michael Mwashindange of the Independent Patriots for Change by 4,914 votes to 2,025.

Polling, Weilheim-Schongau

Polling is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Roswell P. Flower

Roswell Pettibone Flower (August 7, 1835 – May 12, 1899) was the 30th Governor of New York from 1892 to 1894. The Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library was made by his daughter, Emma Flower Taylor, as a tribute to him.

Prem, Bavaria

Prem is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Raisting

Raisting is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Rottenbuch

Rottenbuch is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is the site of Rottenbuch Abbey church.

Schwabbruck

Schwabbruck is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Schwabsoien

Schwabsoien is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Seeshaupt

Seeshaupt is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Sindelsdorf

Sindelsdorf is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Steingaden

Steingaden is a town and municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is the site of the 12th-century Steingaden Abbey ("Kloster Steingaden") and the Wies Church, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The community is in the Alpine foothills, on the border between Upper Bavaria and the Allgäu. The quarters ("Ortsteile") of the municipality are Fronreiten, Ilgen, Lauterbach, Riesen, Urspring und Wies. Other villages and hamlets are Biberschwöll, Bichl, Boschach, Brandstatt, Butzau, Deutenhof, Deutensee, Egart, Engen, Gagras, Gmeind, Gogel, Graben, Hiebler, Hirschau, Illach, Illberg, Jagdberg, Karlsebene, Kellershof, Kohlhofen, Kreisten, Kreuzberg, Kuchen, Langau, Lechen, Lindegg, Litzau, Maderbichl, Moos, Oberengen, Reitersau, Resle, Sandgraben, Schlatt, Schlauch, Schwarzenbach, Staltannen, Steingädele, Tannen, Thal, Unterengen, Vordergründl, Wiesle und Zöpfhalden.

Wessobrunn

Wessobrunn is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wielenbach

Wielenbach is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Wildsteig

Wildsteig is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Polybius (urban legend)

Polybius is a fictitious 1981 arcade game. It is an urban legend, or a thing that may not exist. The legend says the game was part of a government psychology experiment based in Portland, Oregon. Playing the game was said to produce intense psychoactive and addictive effects in the player. The few arcade machines were said to have been visited periodically by men in black for the purpose of data-mining the machines and analyzing these effects. Supposedly, all of these "Polybius" arcade machines then disappeared from the arcade market.

This urban legend has persisted in video game journalism and through continued interest, and it has inspired video games with the same name. The legend may have come from on coinop.org, a website about arcade games. That had an article about it in 1998.

The name "Polybius" comes from the Greek words "poly" and "bios", meaning many, and lives, respectively. Polybius is also the name of a historian and a cipher.

"Polybius" was a shooter with odd gameplay, like puzzles. The only screenshot is the title screen. It was supposedly developed by a "Sinneslochen Inc." in 1981. 

Sierra Madre del Sur

The Sierra Madre del Sur (Spanish for "Southern part of the Mother Range") is a mountain range. It is in Mexico, Honduras, and Guatemala.

The Sierra Madre del Sur is about 620 miles long (1000 km) and runs northwest-southeast along the south coast of Mexico. It touches the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt. Its highest mountain is 12,149 feet (3703 meters) above sea level.

There are pine-oak forests and cloud forests in the Sierra Madre del Sur. Many animals and plants live there. Scientists call this biodiversity.

Gray Fossil Site

The Gray Fossil Site is an Early Pliocene collection of fossils between 4.5 and 4.9 million years old. It is near the town of Gray in Washington County, Tennessee. 

The site was discovered during road construction in May 2000. Local officials decided to preserve the site for research and education. The site is part of East Tennessee State University, and the Gray Fossil Site & Museum opened on the site in 2007.

Once, the land around the Gray Fossil Site was a pond inside a sinkhole surrounded by a warm, wet forest. The fossils found in the area show what lived and died in and around the sinkhole pond.

As the first site of its age known from the Appalachian region, the Gray Fossil Site is a unique window into the past. Research at the site has brought many surprising discoveries. These included new species of red panda, rhinoceros, pond turtle, hickory tree, and more. The site also hosts the biggest known collection of fossil tapirs.

In late May of 2000, this fossil-rich area was discovered during a Tennessee Department of Transportation road construction project on the outside of Gray, TN. As it became clear that the fossils were not usual for this part of the country, members of the local community began an effort to preserve the site.

Many of the fossil fauna and flora of the Gray Fossil Site are closely related to modern-day species in Europe and Asia, including red pandas, European badgers, Chinese moonseed, and "Corylopsis". This shows that during the Early Pliocene, North America had a biogeographic link with Eurasia, probably at the easternmost part of Asia.

The Gray Fossil Site preserves a collection of preserved fossils. It is the only fossil site in the Appalachian region dating near the boundary between the Miocene and Pliocene Epochs. This offers a unique window into this region at this time.

All of the fish fossils found at the Gray Fossil Site belong to the family Centrarchidae.


A preliminary study in 2011 identified several families of birds at the Gray Fossil Site, the most common of which were ducks.

Perissodactyls (odd-toed hoofed mammals)


Artiodactyls (even-toed hoofed mammals)


Carnivora


Proboscidea (elephants)


Rodents


Lagomorphs


Bats


Eulipotyphla
Xenarthra


Aquatic invertebrates of the Gray Fossil Site include ostracods, snails, and small clams. Insects are also known from fossilized exoskeletal remains and trace fossils, including at least four different families of beetles.

Plant fossils at the Gray Fossil Site include pollen, leaves, wood, fruits, seeds, and other structures which represent a diverse flora of angiosperms, conifers, ferns, lycophytes, and bryophytes. The forest flora was dominated by a variety of trees and shrubs, of which the most common were hickory, oak, and pine.

Several previously unknown extinct plant species have been identified at the Gray Fossil Site:


Algal microfossils have been identified as numerous freshwater species, including one previously unknown extinct species, "Stigmozygodites grayensis," named from the Gray Fossil Site in 2013.

Several types of fungi have been found from microfossil remains of fungal tissue and fruiting bodies.

Data transmission

Data transmission is the process of transferring data from one point to another. There are two methods for transmitting data: Serial communication and Parallel communication. There are different types of devices for data transmission: Wireless, Optical fiber, Infrared and more.
Simplex data transmission

is in one direction only (i.e. from sender to receiver). Example: data being sent from a computer to a printer. 
HALF· DUPLEX DATA TRANSMISSION

is in both directions but not at the same time (i.e. data can be sent from 'A' to 'B' or from 'B' to 'A' along the same line, but not at the same time). Example: a phone conversation between two people where only one person speaks at a time .
FULL·DUPLEX DATA TRANSMISSION

is in both direction simultaneously (i.e. data can be sent from 'A' to ' B' and from 'B' to 'A' along the same line, both at the same time). Example: broadband connection on a phone line.

Uuvudhiya Constituency

Uuvudhiya Constituency is the biggest constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It has 4,357 people living there, its capital is the settlement of Uuvudhiya. The constituency had 2,869 registered voters in 2004. Lake Oponona, the largest lake in the Cuvelai Basin, is located in Uuvudhiya Constituency and is a local attraction. 

Uuvudhiya constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party since the South African Border War.

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO candidate Seblon Paulus won the constituency with 1,621 votes, followed by Gabriel Jeremia of the Rally for Democracy and Progress who received 19 votes. In the 2015 local and regional elections the SWAPO candidate won became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate. For the 2020 regional election no opposition candidate participated, and Timoteus Shoopa a Shivute, the SWAPO candidate won and was elected.

Geesje Woudstra

Geesje Mink-Wourdstra (24 April 1911 – 1971) was a Dutch speed skater.
On January 3, 1928, she won a skating competition at Scharsterbrug. In January, February and March of 1929, she won many speed skating competitions. She won prizes in 28 races in Friesland, Groningen, Overessel (Campen) and North Holland (Enhuisen). In 1933, she won the second prize in the national speed skating competition in Campina. In 1941, he won the Alvemarretocht over 100km, but the prize was not awarded due to a false start.

Her archives are held at the The Fries Scheipvaart Museum.


Valeer Peirsman

Valeer Peirsman (20 April 1932 – 29 March 2020) was a Belgian sculptor.

She studied at Academy of Sint-Niklaas with Werner Heyndrickx.

Partygate

Partygate is an ongoing political scandal about (social gatherings or)
parties that were held by the staff of United Kingdom government and Conservative Party It was made public in 2021. The parties took place during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021, when there were public health restrictions. These parties happened at 10 Downing Street and other government buildings. 

In December 2021, reports of parties being held in 2020 and in 2021 were released. Prime Minister Boris Johnson often hosted these parties, though at first he denied having parties. The Metropolitan Police started an investigation over the parties.

On 10 January 2022, ITV News reported that a planned party had taken place on 20 May 2020. At the time, people outdoors were not allowed to meet more than one person from outside their household.<ref name="sky12/1/2022"></ref> Two days later, Johnson apologised to MPs in the Commons for "attending an event in the Downing Street garden during the first lockdown". Some conservatives criticized Johnson and wanted him to resign.<ref name="bbc12/1/2022"></ref> A police investigation into the parties were announced.

On 12 April 2022, Prime Minister Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak were fined for breaking COVID protocols.

Maurizio Zamparini

Maurizio Zamparini (9 June 1941 – 1 February 2022) was an Italian businessman.

Zamparini was known for being the owner and director of Italian football club U.S. Città di Palermo between 21 July 2002 until 27 February 2017 and from 4 July 2017 until 1 December 2018.

Zamparini died from problems caused by peritonitis in Cotignola, Italy on 1 February 2022, at the age of 80.

Cotignola

Cotignola is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Ravenna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna. It is about southeast of Bologna and about west of Ravenna.

Bagnaria Arsa

Bagnaria Arsa () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is about northwest of Trieste and about south of Udine.

Governor of Tokyo

The is the head of government of Tokyo. In 1943, the position was created.

Candidates must be a citizen of Japan and be a resident of Tokyo for more than three months, and must be over the age of 30. Candidates must also put up three million yen to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, which will only be returned if they receive at least 10% of the votes.


Shahin Najafi

Morteza Najafipoor Moghaddam (; born 10 September 1980), better known as Shahin Najafi (), is an Iranian musician, composer, singer-songwriter, poet, author, philosopher, and political activist. He is a controversial singer in Iran because his songs are about the theocracy, poverty, sexism, censorship, child labor, execution, drug addiction and homophobia of Iran and criticize them.

Paolo Graziosi

Paolo Graziosi (25 January 1940 – 1 February 2022) was an Italian actor. He played Mercutio in a famous version of "Romeo and Juliet" directed Franco Zeffirelli. He played Carlo in "China is Near".

Graziosi, who had cancer, died of COVID-19 in Vicenza, Italy on 1 February 2022, one week after his 82nd birthday.

Absberg

Absberg is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Alesheim

Alesheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Altmühltal

Altmühltal is a "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (federation of municipalities) in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen and Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It has the following municipalities:

Bergen, Middle Franconia

Bergen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Juan Iglesias Marcelo

Juan Ángel Iglesias Marcelo (1 March 1931 – 1 February 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a Senator from 1982 until 2000. He was also Mayor of Cáceres from 1983 until 1987. He was born in Cáceres, Spain. Iglesias Marcelo was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

Iglesias Marcelo died on 1 February 2022 from multiple organ failure in Cáceres, one month before his 91st birthday.

Burgsalach

Burgsalach is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Dittenheim

Dittenheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Ellingen

Ellingen is a town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Ettenstatt

Ettenstatt is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Gnotzheim

Gnotzheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Haundorf

Haundorf is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Heidenheim, Bavaria

Heidenheim () is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Heidenheim is an old German market town, which lives in the administrative region of Middle Franconia in the middle of Bavaria. It belongs to the rural district Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.
It is the administrative center of the local region called Hahnenkamm.

Heidenheim is in the administration region West Middle Franconia (Westmittelfranken). Following local subdistricts belong to Heidenheim: Degersheim, Hechlingen am See, Hohentrüdingen.


Höttingen

Höttingen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Langenaltheim

Langenaltheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Germany.

Markt Berolzheim

Markt Berolzheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Gandesa

Gandesa () is the capital of the "comarca" of Terra Alta, in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.

Miquel Aubà i Fleix

Miquel Aubà i Fleix (5 June 1965 – 31 January 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia. He was in the Senate of Spain from 2015 until his death in 2022. He was also Mayor of Gandesa between 1999 until 2011. He was born in Gandesa, Spain.

Aubà i Fleix died on 31 January 2022 of cancer in Gandesa, at the age of 56.

Meinheim

Meinheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Robert Wall

Robert Wall (August 2, 1939 – January 30, 2022) was an American actor and martial artist. He was born in San Jose, California.

Wall studied Okinawan martial arts. He appeared in three movies with Bruce Lee: the 1972 movie "Way of the Dragon", as O'Harra in "Enter the Dragon" in 1973 and "Game of Death" in 1978. He has small roles in Chuck Norris movies, such as "Code of Silence" (1985), "Firewalker" (1986), and "Hero and the Terror" (1988).

Wall died in Los Angeles, California on January 30, 2022, at the age of 82.

Muhr am See

Muhr am See is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Isabel Robalino

Isabel María Josefina Robalino Bolle (14 October 1917 – 31 January 2022) was a Spanish-born Ecuadorian lawyer and politician. She was born in Barcelona, Spain. She was a Senator from 1968 until 1970. 

Robalino turned 100 in October 2017. She died on 31 January 2022 in Quito, Ecuador, at the age of 104.

Mike Nykoluk

Michael Andrew Nykoluk (December 11, 1934 – January 31, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played 32 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was the Maple Leafs head coach for four seasons, from 1981 to 1984. He was the younger brother of longtime Canadian Football League player Danny Nykoluk.

Nykoluk died on January 31, 2022 at the age of 82.

Voldemaras Novickis

Voldemaras Novickis (22 February 1956 – 31 January 2022) was a Lithuanian handball player. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. In 1980, he won the silver medal with the Soviet team and a gold medal in 1988.

Novickis died from cancer in Kaunas, Lithuania on 31 January 2022, at the age of 65.

Onésimo Cepeda Silva

Onésimo Cepeda Silva (25 March 1937 – 31 January 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Mexico City. Cepeda Silva was the Bishop of Ecatepec between 1995 until 1992. In 1970, he became a priest.

Cepeda Silva died on 31 January 2022 in Mexico City from COVID-19, aged 84.

Dora Cadavid

Dora Cadavid (23 November 1937 – 31 January 2022) was a Colombian actress and singer. She appeared in many telenovelas. She was known for her roles in "Yo soy Betty, la fea", "La Teacher de Inglés" and "Café con aroma de mujer". Cadavid was born in Medellín, Colombia. Her career began in 1967.

Cadavid died on 31 January 2022 in Bogotá, Colombia from respiratory failure, aged 84.

Pierre Bellon

Pierre Bellon (24 January 1930 – 31 January 2022) was a French billionaire businessman. He was the founder of Sodexo, a food management company. 

Bellon died on 31 January 2022 in Paris, one week after his 92nd birthday.

Norma Waterson

Norma Christine Waterson (15 August 1939 – 30 January 2022) was an English singer. She was best known as one of the original members of The Watersons. Other members of the group included her brother Mike Waterson and sister Lal Waterson. She later worked with her husband Martin Carthy. She was born in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.

Waterson died on 30 January 2022 from pneumonia, at the age of 82.

Frans Aerenhouts

Frans Aerenhouts (4 July 1937 – 30 January 2022) was a Belgian cyclist. He was born in Wilrijk, Belgium. Aerenhouts was known for his career with Mercier. 

Aerenhouts died on 30 January 2022 in Wilrijk, at the age of 84.

Philip Paul (drummer)

Philip Paul (August 11, 1925 – January 30, 2022) was an American studio drummer. He was born in Harlem, New York. In 2009, he was honored at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland. He spent most of his career in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Paul died on January 30, 2022 in Cincinnati from COVID-19 at the age of 96.

Hermann Rappe

Hermann Rappe (20 September 1929 – 30 January 2022) was a German SPD politician and trade unionist. He was born in Hann. Münden, Germany. He was a member of the Bundestag from 1972 until 1998. He was Chairman of Chemical, Paper and Ceramic Union from 1982 until 1995. Rappe was President of ICEF from 1988 until 1995.

Rappe died on 30 January 2022 in Hildesheim, Germany at the age of 92.

Hann. Münden

Hann. Münden (short for Hannoversch Münden) is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. Münden is in the district of Göttingen. It is near the Fulda and Werra rivers. About 24,000 people lived here in 2013.

Nennslingen

Nennslingen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Zvonimir Šeparović

Zvonimir Šeparović (14 September 1928 – 30 January 2022) was a Croatian lawyer and politician. He was born in Blato, Yugoslavia. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1991 until 1992 during the Franjo Gregurić government. Šeparović was also the Minister of Justice during the Zlatko Mateša government between 1999 until 2000.

Šeparović died on 30 January 2022 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 93.

Pappenheim

Pappenheim is a town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Altmühl, 11 km south of Weißenburg in Bayern.

Blato, Korčula

Blato is a municipality on the island of Korčula in Croatia. It can be reached by the main island road from town of Korčula.


Mark Boughton

Mark D. Boughton (born February 20, 1964) is an American politician who was the longest-serving mayor in Danbury, Connecticut's history. He served ten consecutive terms as mayor, from 2001 to 2020. He was the Republican endorsed candidate for governor of Connecticut in 2018, but lost the primary election to Bob Stefanowski. In 2020, Governor Ned Lamont nominated Boughton to serve as commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Revenue Services.

Mallet

A mallet is a tool for woodworking. Usually, it is used together with a chisel and for transferring force, much like hitting a nail with a hammer. Some tools used to play musical instruments, like drum sticks are also called mallets.

The Hythe, Essex

The Hythe is a place in Colchester. It has a factory that manufactures car parts. There is also a train station.

Hermenegildo Ramírez Sánchez

Hermenegildo Ramírez Sánchez, M.J. (13 April 1929 – 29 January 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Mexico City. He became a priest in 1953. Pope Paul VI made him the first prelate of Huautla and Titular Bishop of Santa Giusta in 1975. He retired in 2005.

Ramírez Sánchez died from problems caused by COVID-19 in Querétaro City, Mexico on 29 January 2022, at the age of 92.


Querétaro City

Santiago de Querétaro (; Otomi: Dähnini Maxei), known simply as Querétaro City (), is the capital and largest city of the state of Querétaro. It is located in central Mexico. It is part of the macroregion of Bajío. It is northwest of Mexico City.

Sam Lay

Samuel L. Lay (March 20, 1935 – January 29, 2022) was an American drummer and singer. He performed from the late 1950s as a blues and R&B musician. He performed with Little Walter, Howlin' Wolf and Paul Butterfield. He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2015.

Lay died on January 29, 2022, at the age of 86.

Paul Butterfield

Paul Vaughn Butterfield (December 17, 1942May 4, 1987) was an American blues harmonica player, singer and band leader. His music was usually Chicago blues. In 1963, he formed the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, which recorded several successful albums and was popular on the late-1960s. Butterfield was inspired by Muddy Waters. 

Butterfield died in North Hollywood, Los Angeles, California on May 4, 1987 at age 44 of an accidental drug overdose.

David Green (baseball)

David Alejandro Green Casaya (December 4, 1960 – January 29, 2022) was a Nicaraguan-born American Major League Baseball player. He played outfielder and first baseman. Between 1981 and 1987, he spent parts of six seasons in the MLB. He was a member of the St. Louis Cardinals for five of those years, and he also spent one season with the San Francisco Giants.

Green died from heart failure caused by COVID-19 on January 29, 2022 at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 61.

Barbara A. Curran

Barbara Ann Curran (August 26, 1940 – January 29, 2022) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. She was born in New York City. Curran was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 1974 until 1980. She was a Judge of the New Jersey Superior Court between 1993 until 2000.

Curran died on January 29, 2022 in Union County, New Jersey at the age of 81.

Vladimir Gubarev

In 1978 he was awarded the USSR State Prize. He was also known for his drama play "Sarcophagus", based on some "Pravda" articles he wrote about the 1986 Chernobyl disaster. 

Gubarev died in Moscow, Russia on 25 January 2022, at the age of 83.

Rolf Zehetbauer

Rolf Zehetbauer (13 February 1929 – 23 January 2022) was a German production designer, art director and set decorator. He was born in Munich, Germany. Zehetbauer won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the movie "Cabaret" in 1973. He also worked on "Das Boot" and "The NeverEnding Story".

Zehetbauer died on 23 January 2022, at the age of 92.

The NeverEnding Story (movie)

The NeverEnding Story () is a 1984 English-language West German fantasy movie co-written and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is based on the 1979 novel "The Neverending Story" by Michael Ende. 

It stars Noah Hathaway, Barret Oliver, Tami Stronach, Patricia Hayes, Sydney Bromley, Gerald McRaney and Moses Gunn, with Alan Oppenheimer. It is about a boy finds a magical book about a young warrior who is given the job of stopping the Nothing, a dark force, from destroying the wonderland world of Fantasia.

When the movie came out, it was the most expensive movie produced outside the United States or the Soviet Union. The movie was the first in "The NeverEnding Story" movie series. Two more movies were made, "" (1990) and "The NeverEnding Story III: Escape from Fantasia" (1994).

The NeverEnding Story theme song was recorded by Limahl.

Roberto Digón

Roberto Secundino Digón (25 July 1935 – 30 January 2022) was an Argentine politician and sports executive. He was a member of the Justicialist Party. He was in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 1985 to 1989 and again from 1993 to 1997. Digón was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was a sports executive for Boca Juniors.

Digón died of COVID-19 in Buenos Aires on 30 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Pavlo Kuznietsov

Pavlo Serhíyovych Kuznietsov (; 1 May 1950 – 27 January 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of Ukraine. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 1998 to 2002. He was born in Taganrog, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Kuznietsov died of COVID-19 in Kyiv, Ukraine on 27 January 2022, at the age of 71.

Franjo Gregurić

Franjo Gregurić (; born 12 October 1939) is a Croatian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Croatia from July 1991 to September 1992.

Zlatko Mateša

Zlatko Mateša (; born 17 June 1949) is a Croatian politician. He was Prime Minister of Croatia from 1995 to 2000. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. He is the president of the Croatian Olympic Committee and honorary consul of Mongolia in Croatia.

Petar Fleković

Petar Fleković (born 14 September 1932) is a Croatian politician. He was the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Croatia between 1978 until 1982. ​Before entering politics, he was an engineer. He was a member of the League of Communists of Croatia. From 1982 until 1990, he was the Director of the INA d.d..

Easton McMorris

Easton Dudley Ashton St John McMorris (4 April 1935 – 1 February 2022) was a West Indian cricketer. He played in 13 Tests from 1958 to 1966. He toured England with the West Indies team in 1963 and 1966. He was a heavy scorer for Jamaica. He captained Jamaica from 1967-68 until he retired after the 1971-72 season. McMorris was born in Saint Andrew, Jamaica.

McMorris died on 1 February 2022, at the age of 86.

ASAP Rocky

Rakim Athelaston Mayers (born October 3, 1988), known professionally as ASAP Rocky (stylized as A$AP Rocky; , ), is an American rapper and record producer. In August 2011, his single "Peso" was leaked online and made him popular. His popular mixtape "Live. Love. A$AP" debuted at number 1 on the Billboard 200 in 2013. It earned him a BET Award nomination for Best Male Hip-Hop Artist. He is a member of the hip hop collective ASAP Mob. 

In May 2021, Rocky revealed during an interview with "GQ" that he was dating Barbadian singer Rihanna. On January 31, 2022, "People" reported that the couple is expecting their first child.

Brian Augustyn

Brian Augustyn (November 2, 1954 – February 1, 2022) was an American comic book editor and writer. 
He was known for his works with DC Comics. During the late 1980s and early 1990s Augustyn was an editor for DC Comics, where he edited "The Flash" and "Justice League" comics. As a solo writer, Augustyn has worked on such titles as DC's "" and other Batman-related comics. 

Augustyn died from a stroke on February 1, 2022, at the age of 67.

CODA (2021 movie)

CODA is a 2021 coming-of-age comedy-drama movie written and directed by Sian Heder. The movie stars Emilia Jones as a "CODA", or "child of deaf adult". She is the only hearing member of a deaf family. Eugenio Derbez, Troy Kotsur, Ferdia Walsh-Peelo, Daniel Durant, and Marlee Matlin appear in supporting roles. It won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2022. Troy Kotsur became the first deaf man to win an Academy Award for acting.

Troy Kotsur

Troy Michael Kotsur (born July 24, 1968) is an American actor and director. He is best known for his role as Frank Rossi in "CODA" (2021). He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award and SAG Award for this role. He also directed the movie "" (2013).

Kotsur is deaf.

Emilia Jones

Emilia Annis I. Jones (born 23 February 2002) is an English actress, singer and lyricist. She is most known for her lead role in the 2021 movie "CODA" as Ruby Rossi. She is also known for playing Kinsey Locke in the Netflix series "Locke & Key" (2020–).

Aled Jones

Aled Jones, (born 29 December 1970) is a Welsh singer and radio and television presenter. He is known for working with BBC and ITV, and radio (for BBC Radio Wales and Classic FM). He presented "Daybreak" (2012–2014).

For the BBC, he has presented "Cash in the Attic" (2010–2012), "Escape to the Country" (2010–2013) and "Going Back Giving Back" (2016–present).

Caernarfonshire

Caernarfonshire (; , ), historically spelled as Caernarvonshire or Carnarvonshire in English, is one of the thirteen historic counties, a vice-county.

Camila Morrone

Camila Rebecca Morrone Polak (born June 16, 1997) is an American model and actress. Her first movie role was in the James Franco movie "Bukowski". She also appeared in the movies "Death Wish" and "Never Goin' Back".

Morrone has been in a relationship with American actor Leonardo DiCaprio since 2017.

Larisa Latynina

Larisa Semyonovna Latynina (; née Diriy; born 27 December 1934) is a former Soviet artistic gymnast. Between 1956 and 1964, she won 14 individual Olympic medals and four team medals. She holds the record for the most Olympic gold medals by a gymnast, male or female, with 9. She also won 5 silver medals and four bronze medals. Latynina was born in Kherson, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Pfofeld

Pfofeld is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Franconia, Germany.

Pfofeld is in the West Middle Franconia region, about five kilometres east of Gunzenhausen. In the north of the municipality are parts of the Großer Brombachsee and its forebay, the Kleiner Brombachsee, as well as the Altmühlüberleiter channel. The European watershed runs through Pfofeld and divides the catchments of the Rhine and Danube. A stream, the Dornhauser Mühlbach flows through Pfofeld; other local streams include the Bachwiesengraben, the Buxbach and the Brombach. Pfofeld is distinguished by low hills and woods, including the Weißenberg and the Gräfensteinberg Forest. "Staatsstraße 2222" runs past Pfofeld to the north. Within the municipality are the nature reserves of Brombachmoor and Halbinsel im Kleinen Brombachsee. 
Pfofeld has thirteen subdivisions:

Mel Mermelstein

Mel Mermelstein (September 25, 1926 – January 28, 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born American Holocaust survivor and autobiographer. He was the only survivor of his family's execution at Auschwitz concentration camp. He was also known for suing the Institute for Historical Review for questioning if the Holocaust had happened in an American court. In 1981, because of his lawsuit, the Holocaust was legally declared a fact. Mermelstein was born in near present-day Munkacs, Ukraine.

Mermelstein died from problems caused by COVID-19 on January 28, 2022 in Long Beach, California at the age of 95.

Jean Hale

Jean Hale (born Carol Jane Hale; December 27, 1938 – August 3, 2021) was an American actress. Hale played Miriam Stark in "Taggart" (1964), Cheryl Barker in "The Oscar" (1966), Myrtle in "The St. Valentine's Day Massacre" (1967) and Lisa in "In Like Flint" (1967). She also appeared as Polly in the 1960s television series "Batman".

Hale was married to actor Dabney Coleman from 1961 until they divorced in 1984. They had three children.

Hale died of natural causes on August 3, 2021, in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 82.

865

865 was a common year.

Franklin Lakes, New Jersey

Franklin Lakes is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the borough's population was 11,079.

The Boys Next Door (1985 movie)

The Boys Next Door is a 1985 American adventure crime drama movie directed by Penelope Spheeris and starring Charlie Sheen, Maxwell Caulfield, Christopher McDonald, Hank Garrett, Patti D'Arbanville, Moon Unit Zappa, Phil Rubenstein.


Tlatelolco massacre

After a summer with large protests against the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City, the Mexican Armed Forces shot multiple unarmed civilians, killing an unknown number in the hundreds. The shooting happened in the Plaza de las Tres Culturas in the Tlatelolco section of Mexico City, and is considered part of the Mexican Dirty War. The massacre happened ten days before the opening ceremony of the Olympics.

The head of the Federal Directorate of Security reported that 1,345 people were arrested. At the time, the Mexican government and media claimed that the Armed Forces had been provoked by protesters shooting at them. However in government documents released in 2000, it said that snipers had been hired by the government. The actual death toll range from 300 to 400, with eyewitnesses reporting hundreds dead.

Mexican Dirty War

The Mexican Dirty War () is about an internal conflict in the 1960s and 1980s between the Mexican PRI government under the presidencies of Gustavo Díaz Ordaz, Luis Echeverría and José López Portillo and left-wing student and guerrilla groups. They were supported by the United States. During the war, government forces carried out disappearances, about 1,200, torture, and executions.

In March 2019, the President of Mexico Andrés Manuel López Obrador, publicly released the archives which had new information about the Dirty War. López Obrador said that "We lived for decades under an authoritarian regime which limited freedoms and persecuted those who struggled for social change" and issued an official apology on behalf of the Mexican State to the victims.

El Halconazo

The Corpus Christi Massacre or El Halconazo ( was a massacre of student protestors during the Mexican Dirty War in Mexico City on 10 June 1971. It happened the day of the Corpus Christi festival. Nearly 120 protesters were killed.

On 29 November 2006, former President Luis Echeverría Álvarez pleaded guilty and was put on house arrest. In 2009, charges were dropped because of lack of evidence.

Adolfo López Mateos

Adolfo López Mateos (; 26 May 1909 – 22 September 1969) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was President of Mexico from 1958 to 1964.

López Mateos died while in a coma on 22 September 1969 at a Mexico City hospital from problems caused by multiple intracranial aneurysms, aged 60.

Adolfo Ruiz Cortines

Adolfo Tomás Ruiz Cortines (; 30 December 1889 – 3 December 1973) was a Mexican politician. He was 54th president of Mexico from 1952 to 1958.

Ruiz Cortines died on 3 December 1973 in Veracruz, Mexico from heart failure caused by arteriosclerosis, aged 82.

Atizapán de Zaragoza

Atizapán de Zaragoza is a city, in State of Mexico in Mexico. The area of the city is 91.07 km². In 2010, the population was 489,937.

Père Lachaise Cemetery

Père Lachaise Cemetery ( ; formerly , "Cemetery of the East") is the largest cemetery in Paris, France (). More than 3.5 million people visit here every year. It is the most visited necropolis in the world.

The Père Lachaise is in the 20th arrondissement and was the first garden cemetery, as well as the first municipal cemetery in Paris. There are three World War I memorials in the cemetary.

List of Austrian women's soccer teams (3rd level)

This is a list of Austrian women football teams as they play in the 2021/22 season in the 3rd level of Austrian women soccer. 









The Burgenländischer Fußballverband has no league.

Ignace Van der Brempt

Ignace Van Der Brempt (born 1 April 2002) is a Belgian football player. He plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as right back.

He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Club Brugge on 14 September 2019 against Cercle Brugge. In February 2022 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He signed a contract until June 2026.

Club Brugge

Red Bull Salzburg

North Polar Basin (Mars)

The Borealis Basin, or the North Polar Basin, is a large depression or basin in the northern hemisphere of Mars. The North Polar Basin takes up 40% of the Martian surface. It has a diameter of about 9,500 km (5,900 miles), but is slightly stretched, or elliptical, meaning its true size is closer to 10,600 km (6,600 mi) by 8,500 km (5,300 mi).

An explanation for the basin's low, flat and relatively crater-free structure is that the basin was formed by a single large impact.

Simulations suggest that a body of about 0.02 Mars masses (~0.002 Earth masses, about the size of Pluto) can produce a sizable debris disk in Martian orbit, on the order of 500 quadrillion tonnes, with much of the material remaining close to Mars. Scientists think this could have formed Phobos and Deimos.

Analysis of Mars Global Surveyor data found mineral deposits similar to terminal moraines on Earth along the southern rim of the northern low land, giving evidence that an asteroid caused a tsunami in the basin.

Even though it's so large, the basin is not yet called an impact basin by the IAU because scientists aren't sure if it's actually the site of an impact. The basin is one of the flattest areas in the Solar System. The landing site of the Viking 1 lander is a bay that opens into the basin.

Kop van Overijssel

The Kop van Overijssel (literally in English: "Head of Overijssel") is a region in the north of the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands.

It consists of the municipality of Steenwijkerland and three municipalities which are also considered being part of the region of Salland: Kampen, Staphorst, and Zwartewaterland.



Charadrahyla juanitae

Juanita's earless tree frog ("Charadrahyla juanitae") is a frog that lives in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 750 and 1080 meters above sea level and between 580 and 1530 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.7 to 35.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 37.6 to 39.8 mm long.

The adult frog is light gray or green or brown in color with dark gray or brown marks like a saddle or hourglass on its back. It has a narrow white stripe. It has a narrow dark brown stripe behind its eyes. There are three or four thick stripes across its ront legs and three, four, or five on the back legs. The belly and throat are white with a few darker marks. The skin on its throat is smoothest. There is only a small amount of webbing on its feet.

This frog lives in pine-oak forests in two different parts of the Sierra Madre del Sur, both on the west side. That is the side nearest the Pacific Ocean. This frog lives in the same places as other frogs: "Charadrahyla altipotens", "Charadrahyla pinorum", "Ecnomiohyla miotympanum", "Megastomatohyla pellita", "Plectrohyla pentheter", "Plectrohyla thorectes", and "Ptychohyla leonhardschultzei".

The male frogs go to streams and sits on plants 40 to 120 cm tall. Then they sing for the female frogs. The female frogs lay eggs all the way underwater. The eggs stick to rocks or to wood. They lay fewer than 100 eggs at a time. The eggs are about 2 mm long.

This frog is called "near threatened." It is not officially in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings change the forests where it lives, cutting down trees for lumber and to build towns. Diseases also kill this frog. Scientists think the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" kills this frog.

This frog is named for Juanita Snyder. She is the wife of scientist David Snyder, who wrote the first formal paper about this frog.

Kamil Piatkowski

Kamil Piatkowski (born 21 June 2000) is a professional footballer from Poland. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Poland national team as center back.
Piątkowski started in the youth teams of Karpaty Krosno and Zagłębie Lubin. In the 2019-20 season he went on to Raków Częstochowa. He debuted in August 2019 in the first league versus Lechia Gdańsk. He came in in min. 86 for Sebastian Musiolik. 2021 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg where he signed till June 2026. In Januyry 2023 he was loaned to KAA Gent . For the 2023-24 season he came back to Salzburg.

Piątkowski made his debut for Poland on 28 March 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Andorra.


Pleinfeld

Pleinfeld is a Franconian municipality and market town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria. It is in the Metropolitan Area of Nuremberg and in the Franconian Lake District.

Pleinfeld is in central Bavaria, in the south of the administrative region Middle Franconia. The municipal area borders on the neighbouring Bavarian district Roth. Neighbouring townships are Pfofeld, Ellingen, Ettenstatt, Höttingen, Absberg, Spalt, Heideck and Röttenbach. The landscape is hilly and forested.

Pleinfeld is on the rivers Swabian Rezat and Arbach, north of Weißenburg in Bayern, and south of Nuremberg. Other rivers in the municipality area are Brombach river and Banzerbach river, both tributary of the Swabian Rezat. The town's altitude is about above sea level. The highest point of the municipality is near Dorsbrunn, asl. Pleinfeld is the biggest town near the Großer Brombachsee, a lake in the Franconian Lake District. Pleinfeld is also next to the most northern part of the Altmühl Valley Nature Park.

Pleinfeld has 35 subdivisions:

Pleinfeld is twinned with:

The local dialect of the region is East Franconian German, referred to in German as "Fränkisch", with Pleinfeld being at the southern point of its extension. Traveling south, people speak Bavarian German and Alemannic German dialects.

Mischelbach

Mischelbach is a district of Pleinfeld in Bavaria, in Central Franconia and Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.


Polsingen

Polsingen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Raitenbuch

Raitenbuch is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Theilenhofen

Theilenhofen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.


Dietfurt in Mittelfranken

Dietfurt, now part of the town of Treuchtlingen, is a German village in Middle Franconia, Bavaria. Earlier to 1853 it was for centuries the place of an important post station on the road between Augsburg and Nuremberg.

Westheim

Westheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Hahnenkamm (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft)

Hahnenkamm is a "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (federation of municipalities) in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria in Germany. It has the following municipalities:

Arzberg, Bavaria

Arzberg () is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 13 km west of Cheb and 10 km northeast of Marktredwitz.



Bad Alexandersbad

Bad Alexandersbad is a municipality of Germany in Upper Franconia (Bavaria), in Wunsiedel. The municipality has the villages Dünkelhammer, Kleinwendern, Sichersreuth and Tiefenbach.

Höchstädt im Fichtelgebirge

Höchstädt im Fichtelgebirge is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Hohenberg an der Eger

Hohenberg an der Eger is a town in Wunsiedel, in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Eger, on the border with the Czech Republic, 11 km west of Cheb, and 14 km northeast of Marktredwitz.

Kirchenlamitz

Kirchenlamitz () is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Fichtelgebirge, 13 km northwest of Wunsiedel and 19 km south of Hof.

Marktleuthen

Marktleuthen () is a municipality in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Eger, 10 km north of Wunsiedel and 11 km southwest of Selb.

Marktredwitz

Marktredwitz () is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany, close to the Czech border. It is 22 km west of Cheb, 50 km east of Bayreuth and 50 km south of Hof/Saale. Marktredwitz station is at the junction of the Nuremberg–Cheb railway and the Munich–Hof railway.

Badhaai Do

Badhaai Do () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama movie.

It is written by Suman Adhikary and Akshat Ghildial, and directed by Harshavardhan Kulkarni. The film is produced by Junglee Pictures. It serves as a spiritual sequel to the 2018 film Badhaai Ho. It stars Rajkummar Rao and Bhumi Pednekar as a couple in a lavender marriage. The principal photography began on 5 January 2021 in Dehradun. "Badhaai Do" theatricallly released on 11 February 2022.


Raima Islam Shimu

Raima Islam Shimu (mononymously known as Shimu) was a Bangladeshi actress, model and TV producer, who has starred in 25 films and numerous TV dramas since 1998.

Shimu went missing on January 16, 2022, and her dismembered body was discovered in a sack the following day on January 17, 2022. Shimu's husband Sakhawat Ali Nobel was depressed due to various reasons including closure of business. He gradually became suspicious of his wife being unfaithful. This led to marital quarrels, which eventually led to her death by her husband. Shimu reported her husband being abusive to the police sometimes earlier her death. Her husband and his friend planned and executed the murder, and later confessed to the police on January 19.

Mark Tseitlin

Mark Tseitlin (; ; 23 September 1943 – 25 January 2022) was a Soviet-born Israeli chess player. He was awarded the title of International Master in 1978 and that of Grandmaster in 1997. Tseitlin was born in Frunze, Kyrgyz SSR, Soviet Union.

Tseitlin died in Beer Sheva, Israel on 25 January 2022, at the age of 78. 

Michael Beahan

Michael Eamon Beahan (21 January 1937 – 30 January 2022) was a British-born Australian Labor politician. He was the 19th President of the Australian Senate from 1 February 1994 to 30 June 1996. He was a Senator representing Western Australia in the Australian Senate from 1987 to 1996. Beahan was born in London, England.

Beahan was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia on Australia Day 2011.

Beahan died on 30 January 2022 in Melbourne, Australia, nine days after his 85th birthday.

2022 Guinea-Bissau coup d'état attempt

A failed coup d'état happened in Guinea-Bissau on 1 February 2022. Gunfire was heard coming from the government house in Bissau. 

A few hours later, president Umaro Sissoco Embalo said the coup over, he said that "many" members of the security forces had been killed in a "failed attack against democracy."

Wolfgang Schwanitz

Wolfgang Schwanitz (26 June 1930 – 1 February 2022) was a East German communist official. He was the last head of the Stasi from 1989 until 1990. He did not hold the title "Minister of State Security", but held the title of "Leader of the Office for National Security".

Schwanitz died on 1 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Erich Mielke

Erich Fritz Emil Mielke (; 28 December 1907 ; Wedding, Berlin, Brandenburg, Prussia, Imperial Germany – 21 May 2000 ; Berlin, Germany) was a East German communist and possibly a former Nazi Party official in the SS or the Wehrmacht . He was head of the East German Ministry for State Security ("Ministerium für Staatsicherheit" – MfS), better known as the Stasi, from 1957 appointed by Walter Ulbricht who was leader from 1950-1971 until shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 lead by Erich Honecker .

Mielke died on 21 May 2000 at a nursing home in Berlin at the age of 92 just almost 11 year’s after the Fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .

John Ngu Foncha

John Ngu Foncha (June 21, 1916 – April 10, 1999) was a Cameroonian politician who was the Prime Minister of British Cameroons from February 1, 1959 to October 1, 1961, then Prime Minister of West Cameroon from independence (October 1, 1961) to May 13, 1965. He later became an opponent, close to the separatists of the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC).
He created the Kamerun National Democratic Party (KNDP) in 1955 and became the Prime Minister of British Cameroons on 1 February 1959. He occupied this position until 1 October 1961, when the region was joined with French-speaking Cameroon to form a federation.
From 1 October 1961 to 13 May 1965, Foncha was both the 5th Prime Minister of Cameroon and Vice-President of the Federal Republic of Cameroon. He was Vice President of the Federal Republic of Cameroon until 1970.
In 1994, he led a delegation of the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC) to the United Nations to demand support for the movement for greater autonomy in Cameroon's two English-speaking regions. His grandson is Jean-Christian Foncha.
He died in Bamenda on 10 April 1999 at the age of 82.

Tito Stagno

Tito Stagno (4 January 1930 – 1 February 2022) was an Italian journalist, television writer and presenter. Stagno started his career as a sports commentator in Radio Cagliari and as a reporter in Radiosera. In 1954 he began working for RAI. He is best known for being the commentator of the 1969 moon landing.

Stagno died on 1 February 2022 in Rome, at the age of 92.

1976 AFC Asian Cup

The 1976 AFC Asian Cup was the 6th edition of the men's AFC Asian Cup. The finals were hosted by Iran between 3 and 13 June 1976. The field of six teams was split into two groups of three. Iran won their third title in a row. They beated Kuwait in the final.

Ezio Frigerio

Ezio Frigerio (16 July 1930 – 2 February 2022) was an Italian costume designer and art director. He was born in Milan, Italy. 

Frigerio created the sets for Liliana Cavani's movie "Galileo e i Cannibali" and Jean-Paul Rappeneau's "Cyrano de Bergerac", which got an Oscar nomination in 1991.

He designed the grave of Rudolf Nureyev. Frigerio also worked with Italian costume designer Franca Squarciapino who was also his life partner.

Frigerio died on 2 February 2022 in Lecco, Italy, at the age of 91.

Jean-Paul Rappeneau

Jean-Paul Rappeneau (born 8 April 1932) is a French movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Auxerre, Yonne, France. His career began in 1960. The first movie he wrote and directed was "A Matter of Resistance" in 1965. He began writing only for his movies with "Le Sauvage" in 1975. He is known for his 1990 movie "Cyrano de Bergerac".

Franca Squarciapino

Franca Squarciapino (born 1940) is an Italian costume designer. She won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design in 1990 for "Cyrano de Bergerac". She was the official costume designer for the Burgtheater in Vienna, Royal Opera at Covent Garden, the Metropolitan Opera, the Vienna State Opera, and Zurich Opera.

Squarciapino worked with Ezio Frigerio many times, who was also her life partner.

Jalal (given name)

Jalal () is a masculine given or family name. The name or word Jalal means majesty and is used to honor and venerate.

When the Arabic language spread across non-Arabic regions, Jalal has also become a name for some Arabic-speaking Christians, non-Arab Muslims, and non-Arabs and has been added to other language dictionaries with the majestic meaning.

Another form is Galal, where the first letter "ج" is pronounced like hard g /"g"/ in English. Galal might have other meanings in different languages. 

This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

The word Jalal could be found in many history, art, religious, and poetry books. For example:





Noel Treacy

Noel Treacy (18 December 1951 – 2 February 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency from 1982 to 2011. He was also the Minister of State for European Affairs between 2004 until 2007 during the Bertie Ahern government. He was also the Minister of State at the Department of Finance between 1987 until 1989 and again from 1992 until 1993. Treacy was born in Ballinasloe, Ireland.

Treacy died in County Galway, Ireland on 2 February 2022, at the age of 70.

Ramesh Deo

Ramesh Deo (30 January 1929 – 2 February 2022) was an Indian actor. He was born in Amravati, then-British India. His career began in 1955. His best known movie roles were in "Aarti", "Anand", "Aap Ki Kasam" and "Mere Apne".

Deo died of a heart attack in Mumbai, India on 2 February 2022, three days after his 93rd birthday.

Dalip Tahil

Dalip Tahil (born Dalip Tahilramani; 30 October 1952) is an Indian actor. Tahil is best known for his work in "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988), "Baazigar" (1993), "Hum hai rahi pyar ke" (1993) and "Raja" (1995).

He studied at Sherwood College in Nainital, India. After attending Aligarh Muslim University for a year, he graduated from St. Xavier's College, Mumbai.

Kambiz

Kambiz is a Persian male given name meaning 'prosperous, fortunate'. The name is commonly used in Iran, Pakistan and Turkey. Variants include Kami. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Ellen Tiedtke

Ellen Tiedtke (March 16, 1930 – February 1, 2022) was a Polish-born German actress, cabaret artist and singer. She was born in Biskupiec, present-day Poland. Her career began in the 1960s. She is known for hosting the children's television show "Ellentie" from 1983 until 1991. An actress, she appeared in "Ohne Pass in fremden Betten" and "The Fiancee". She worked with DEFA during most of her career.

Tiedtke died on February 1, 2022 at a Berlin hospital from congestive heart failure, aged 91.

Nagel (Fichtelgebirge)

Nagel is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Leon Silver

Leon Theodore Silver (April 9, 1925 – January 31, 2022) was an American geologist. He was professor of geology at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He was an instructor to the Apollo 13, 15, 16, and 17 astronaut crews. He taught astronauts how to perform field geology and created lunar field geology.

He became a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1974. 

Silver died on January 31, 2022 in Arcadia, California, at the age of 96.

Röslau

Röslau is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Nicolas Capaldo

Nicolás Capaldo Toboas (born 14 September 1998) is an Argentine professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Capaldo played in the youth of Deportivo Mac Allister. In 2015 he went on to the Boca Juniors academy. Capaldo made his debut in professional football during a Argentine Primera División match against Defensa y Justicia on 24 February 2019. In June 2021 he went on to the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg and signed a contract till 2026.

In September 2019 he was called up in the Argentina U23s national football team. He played his first match a few days later against Colombia and scored his first goal for the team against Chile in a 1–0 win.

Boca Juniors

Argentina U23

Red Bull Salzburg

Richard White (politician)

Richard White (born November 4, 1952) is an American businessman and Republican politician. White was elected a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives in 2020.

In February 2022, White was hospitalized under critical condition in Frankfort, Kentucky for internal bleeding.

Frank White (British politician)

Frank Richard White (born 11 November 1939) is a Labour Party British politician. He was the Mayor of Bolton between 2005 until 2006. He was also a member of the British Parliament between 1974 until 1983. He represented Bury and Radcliffe. White retired from politics in 2009.

Osteopenia

Osteopenia, preferably known as "low bone mass" or "low bone density", is a condition in which bone mineral density is low. This makes the bones weaker which cause a higher risk of fractures, and some people may go on to develop osteoporosis. In 2010, 43 million older adults in the United States had osteopenia.

Megaforce Records

Megaforce Records is an American independent record label. Jon Zazula and his wife Marsha Zazula started it in 1982 to sell the first works of Metallica. Its offices are in New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The label is distributed in the United States by RED Distribution.

Megaforce artists that have appeared on the Billboard Top 200 chart include Metallica, Blue October, Anthrax, Overkill, Testament, Mushroomhead, Ministry, Bad Brains, and Meat Puppets.

Beaubreuil

Beaubreuil is the largest outer district of Limoges (Haute-Vienne), extending over approximately 230 hectares, and one of the most populated. Completely separated from the central urban fabric of the city by the Bois de la Bastide, its architecture is typical of a concerted development zone from the 1970s to the 1990s, alternating large complexes, residential areas and commercial spaces.

The youth policy was completed in 2019: as part of the district's urban renewal program, the former day hospital was completely refurbished into a childhood center: the Sanfourche youth center inaugurated in 2018.
The Cora shopping center (1988), formerly Radar (1972), which brings together other brands within the La Coupole shopping center, occupies an important place. Right next to the latter is also the municipal cultural center Jean Moulin.

Unified Extensible Firmware Interface

The Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) is in the boot sequence before the operating system and after the firmware. UEFI replaces the legacy BIOS firmware interface found in all IBM computers. Most UEFI implementations are backwards-compatible to the legacy BIOS. UEFI supports remote diagnostics and repairing of computers, even when there isn't an operating system.

Intel made the Extensible Firmware Interface (EFI). Some of the EFI's usage and formats mimic those of Windows. In 2005, EFI 1.10 (the final release) was deprecated.

The motivation for EFI came during early development of the first Intel–HP Itanium systems in the mid-1990s. Limitations had become too restrictive for the server platforms Itanium was looking for. The effort to address these restrictions began in 1998 and was first called the "Intel Boot Initiative". It was renamed to "Extensible Firmware Interface" (EFI).

In July 2005, Intel stopped its development of the EFI specification at version 1.10, and gave it to the Unified EFI Forum, which has developed the specification as the "Unified Extensible Firmware Interface" (UEFI). The original EFI specification remains owned by Intel, which exclusively provides licenses for EFI-based products, but the UEFI specification is owned by the UEFI Forum.
Version 2.0 of UEFI was released on 31 January 2006. It added cryptography and security.

Version 2.1 of UEFI was released on 7 January 2007. It added network authentication and the user interface architecture.

The latest UEFI specification, version 2.9, was released in March 2021.
The first open source UEFI implementation, Tiano, was released by Intel in 2004. Tiano has since then been succeeded by EDK and EDK2 and is now maintained by the TianoCore community.

UEFI firmware provides several technical advantages over a traditional BIOS system:


Beyond loading an OS, UEFI can run "UEFI applications", which stay as files on the EFI System Partition. They can be executed from the UEFI Shell, by the firmware's boot manager, or by other UEFI apps. "UEFI apps" can be developed and installed independently of the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).

