Funded by Kickstarter, the journey started on 7 May in Penzance and lasted 105 days where it stopped in Wick. 59 main videos were uploaded with 12 bonus videos too. They visited every station in Great Britain whilst gaining publicity along the way, like at lesser used Shippea Hill station.
In 2019, Marshall and Pipe did All The Stations Ireland. They spent three weeks visiting all 198 railway stations in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland during March and April 2019, they then spent three days in July 2019 visiting the Isle of Man to travel to every station on the island too.
Underground: USA was a 12-week documentary road trip. Marshall took it between June and September 2009 where he went to all 48 mainland states of the US and in each one visited an area that shared a name with a station on the tube map, for example, Epping, Maine, where the journey started. He had his filming equipment stolen during the trip but eventually turned the story into a one-hour YouTube documentary as well as publishing a related book "Underground: USA".

Marshall led a tube-based charity event in 2005 with "Tube Relief". It was in response to the 7 July 2005 London bombings. Around 50 people took part, raising over £11,000 for charity. Marshall later did a series of "Walk The Tube" events to raise money for charities, by getting a group of people to visit every tube station but not as a record attempt. These events took place for three years following 2013.

Selfie (2022 movie)

Selfie is a 2022 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film directed by Mathi Maran and produced by DG Film Company. The film stars G. V. Prakash Kumar and Gautham Vasudev Menon with a supporting cast including Varsha Bollamma, Vidya Pradeep, Vagai Chandrasekhar, Sangili Murugan and Subramaniam Siva. The film's music is composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar himself and the cinematographer of it is Vishnu Rangasamy and editing done by S. Elayaraja. The film was released in theatres on 1 April 2022.

Kanal (G. V. Prakash Kumar) is a hot-headed engineering student at a low-level college. He holds a grudge against his overbearing father who forced him to study engineering just for the sake of prestige when he actually wanted to pursue something business related. When he finds out that his father paid a bribe through a college admission brocket to get him a place at the college, he becomes determined to investigate it further. He quickly finds out that the underground college admissions racket in Chennai is both a thriving business and an open secret. When a distant relative of a close friend approaches Kanal and his gang for help to get his son a place at a prestigious medical college in the city, they go all out to prove themselves worthy. However, after securing the place, the client pulls out and demands his money back. When Nazir, Kanal's best friend refuses to cooperate, things get out of hand. The client approaches Ravi Varma (Gautham Vasudev Menon), the most powerful college admission broker in the city whose name Kanal's gang used to secure the position in the first place. Consequently, gangsters and loan sharks start harassing not only Kanal and his friends, but even their families. Nazir eventually makes a decision that will change Kanal and all their friends' lives forever.


Runway 34

Runway 34 is an 2022 Indian thriller drama film produced and directed by Ajay Devgn and assistant director Govind Bhana under his banner of Ajay Devgn FFilms. It stars him along with Amitabh Bachchan, Boman Irani, Rakul Preet Singh, Angira Dhar and Aakanksha Singh in pivotal roles. It is inspired by an aviation incident of a Jet Airways flight from Dubai to Kochi in 2015.

It released on 29 April 2022.

Captain Vikrant Khanna is an accomplished pilot, who is preparing for a flight from Dubai to Cochin. He parties before the flight, and feels tired onboarding it, where his co-pilot is Tanya Albuquerque. Later, a cyclone in Cochin leads to the flight being diverted to Trivandrum on Khanna's suggestion, despite objection from Albuquerque. Albuquerque says that Bengaluru has to be the second option, not Trivandrum, as the latter is near Cochin and has a high chance of having bad weather too. Khanna says that if they divert to Trivandrum, they can attempt a landing there and save fuel. Due to miscommunication, the pilots do not realize that Trivandrum is facing weather worse than Cochin, which reduces the visibility level. Captain Khanna manages to land the flight while closing his eyes and averts a major disaster. 

Prior to an inquiry, a small interrogation takes place, including Khanna's medical test. The instrument, however, is damaged and isn't able to reveal whether or not Khanna is drunk. The enquiry is held regarding the pilots' actions, headed by AAIB Head Narayan Vedant. The enquiry is held mainly because Alma Asthana, an elderly woman who was on the flight and was thesole passenger to trust Khanna with his decision to divert to Trivandrum, had died of a heart attack on her way to the hospital. During the enquiry, a polygraph is conducted on Khanna. Vedant scares Albuquerque with his questions and she mistakenly reveals that Khanna had closed his eyes during landing. 

During the next session of the enquiry, Khanna reveals that he has a photographic memory, so he knew what he was doing during landing, even though his eyes were closed as he was imagining everything in his mind. He eventually proves it through a simulated flight with Vedant as his co-pilot. He makes the same movements that he did on the night of the landing, this time wearing an eye cap over his eyes, to assure Vedant that he can land flights without seeing. He is suspended for three months, but is praised for his skill.


Communist Party of Byelorussia

The Communist Party of Byelorussia (CPB; ; ) was the ruling communist party of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, a republic of the Soviet Union from 1922, that existed from 1917 to 1993.

The party was founded in 1917 as the Communist Party (Bolsheviks) of Byelorussia following the Russian Revolution of 1917. It was part of the Russian Communist Party (bolsheviks) led by Vladimir Lenin on December 30–31, 1918 with 17,800 members. 

It was important in creating the Byelorussian Soviet Republic in January 1919. It was renamed to the "Communist Party of Byelorussia" in 1952.

Django Sissoko

Django Sissoko (1948 – 4 April 2022) was a Malian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Mali from December 2012 to September 2013. He was Minister of Justice from 1984 to 1988.

Sissoko died on 4 April 2022 in Bamako, Mali.

Jimmy Wang Yu

Wang Yu, also known as "Jimmy Wang" or "Jimmy Wang Yu" (; born Wáng Zhèngquán; 28 March 1943 – 5 April 2022), was a Taiwanese actor, movie director, producer, and screenwriter. He first became famous in 1967 with his starring role in "One-Armed Swordsman" and "The Chinese Boxer" (1970). Wang was born in Shanghai, China. His career began in 1960 and he retired in 2013.

Wang died on April 5, 2022 in Taipei, Taiwan from problems caused by a stroke at the age of 79.

Negus

Negus, typically means a person who is a king or royal member.

Josef Panáček

Josef Panáček (8 September 1937 – 5 April 2022) was a Czechoslovak sport shooter. He won a gold medal in skeet shooting at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. He was born in Staré Město, Czechoslovakia.

Panáček died on 5 April 2022 at the age of 84.

Héctor Valer

Héctor Valer Pinto (born 4 February 1959) is a Peruvian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Peru from 1 February 2022 to 8 February 2022. 

Aníbal Torres

Aníbal Torres Vásquez (born 28 December 1942) is a Peruvian lawyer, jurist and politician. He was the current Prime Minister of Peru from 8 February 2022 to 26 November 2022. He was also Minister of Justice and Human Rights from July 2021 to February 2022 under the government of Pedro Castillo.

In August 2022, Torres announced his resignation as prime minister over personal reasons, however his resignation was rejected by President Castillo. In November 2022, Torres resigned again and was replaced by Betssy Chávez

2022 Peruvian protests

The 2022 Peruvian protests are protests across Peru that happened for less than a month. They were against the country's rising inflation and disapproval of President Pedro Castillo. 

The protests, organized by the leader of the Union of Multimodal Transport Guilds of Peru (UGTRANM) Geovani Rafael Diez Villegas.

Inflation has been rising due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Protests began days after an effort to impeach President Castillo failed on 29 March 2022. After rioting on 4 April 2022, President Castillo declared a state of emergency and enforced an all-day curfew on the capital city of Lima for 5 April.

On 18 April 2022, Pedro Castillo declared a state of emergency which effectively ended the protests.

Los Lobos

Los Lobos (, Spanish for "the Wolves") is an American rock band from East Los Angeles, California. Their music is inspired by rock and roll, Tex-Mex, country, zydeco, folk, R&B, blues, brown-eyed soul, and traditional music such as cumbia, boleros and norteños. 

They began well known in 1987, when their version of Ritchie Valens' "La Bamba" topped the charts in the U.S., the UK, and other countries.

In 2015, they were nominated for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They are also known for performing the theme song for "Handy Manny".

Christopher Rankin

Christopher Rankin (1788 – March 14, 1826) was an attorney and politician from Pennsylvania. He moved to the Mississippi Territory in 1809. He was a delegate to the state constitutional convention in 1817, and was later elected as a U.S. representative for several terms, serving from 1819 to 1826.

Harry Winks

Harry Billy Winks [born 2 February 1996] is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for for EFL Championship club Leicester City and has played for the England national football team.

In the 2018-19 season, he reached the final of the Champions League with his team, but lost to Liverpool 0–2.

Harry Winks has Spanish ancestry through his grandparents, but was born and raised in Hemel Hempstead, England.

He has been a fan of Tottenham Hotspur from a young age and went to his first match at the age of six. He was invited to join the academy for the football club when he was five after visiting a summer camp organised by a youth coach.

Tottenham Hotspur


Keith Scott

Keith Scott (born 28 October 1953) is an Australian voice actor, comedian, impressionist and animation historian.

Scott was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
He is best known as the current voice of the character Bullwinkle J. Moose since 1992, and voiced the character in the 2000 movie "The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle", and for his vocal range, which he often used to voice cartoon characters such as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Tweety, Sylvester, the Tasmanian Devil, Foghorn Leghorn, Popeye, Boris J. Badenov, Fearless Leader, Dudley Do-Right and others.

He has also provided voices for a number of Australian animations such as Yoram Gross's "Dot" movies, "Blinky Bill" (in which he also sang the original version of the theme song for the first season), "Tabaluga", "Skippy: Adventures in Bushtown" and "Flippy and Lopaka".

ISO 3166-2:AU

ISO 3166-2:AU is the entry for Australia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:BA

ISO 3166-2:BA is the entry for Bosnia and Herzegovina in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:AW

ISO 3166-2:AW is the entry for Aruba in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:DK

ISO 3166-2:DK is the entry for Denmark in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:MA

ISO 3166-2:MA is the entry for Morocco in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:MC

ISO 3166-2:MC is the entry for Monaco in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:LV

ISO 3166-2:LV is the entry for Latvia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:LU

ISO 3166-2:LU is the entry for Luxembourg in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:ME

ISO 3166-2:ME is the entry for Montenegro in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Branislav Šoškić

Branislav Šoškić (19 November 1922 – 4 April 2022) was a Montenegrin politician. He was the President of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro's Presidency from 1985 to 1986. He was a member of the League of Communists of Montenegro. Šoškić was born in Gusinje, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. He was member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts and the Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts. He was its President from 1981 to 1985.

Šoškić died on 4 April 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of 99.

Radivoje Brajović

Radivoje Brajović (born 11 January 1935) is a Montenegrin politician. He was the President of the Presidency of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro from May 1986 to May 1988 and the President of its Executive Council from 1982 until 1986. He was a member of the League of Communists of Montenegro and the League of Communists of Yugoslavia. He was born in Peć, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Socialist Republic of Montenegro

The Socialist Republic of Montenegro ( / Социјалистичка Република Црна Гора), also known as Socialist Montenegro or simply Montenegro, was one of the six republics forming the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the nation state of the Montenegrins. It is modern-day Montenegro.
It’s capital was Titograd, which after drafting new constitution in 1992 was renamed to Podgorica.

Minister of Transport and Communications (Finland)

The Minister of Transport and Communications (, ) is one of the Finnish Government's ministers. The Minister of Transport and Communications is in charge of the Ministry of Transport and Communications. 

The current minister is Timo Harakka of the Social Democratic Party.

Timo Harakka

Timo Olavi Harakka (born 31 December 1962) is a Finnish politician. He has represented the electoral district of Uusimaa in the Parliament of Finland as a Social Democrat since 2015.

In June 2019, Harakka was made Minister of Employment in the Rinne Cabinet. He later joined the Marin Cabinet as Minister of Transport and Communications.

Deputy Prime Minister of Finland

The Deputy Prime Minister of Finland (, , "Finland's Prime Minister's Substitute"), officially titled the Minister deputising for the Prime Minister, is a member of the Finnish Government who becomes the acting Prime Minister. They have usually been the Minister of Finance as well.

The current Deputy Prime Minister of Finland is Annika Saarikko.

Annika Saarikko

Annika Virpi Irene Saarikko (born 10 November 1983) is a Finnish politician and minister. On 5 September 2020, she was elected as the leader of the Finnish Centre Party. In 2020, she became the Deputy Prime Minister of Finland.

Katri Kulmuni

Katri Briitta Ilona Kulmuni (born 4 September 1987) is a Finnish politician. She was the leader of the Centre Party of Finland and Deputy Prime Minister of Finland from 2019 until 2020.

Social Democratic Party of Finland

The Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP, ; ), shortened to the Social Democrats (; ) and also known in Finnish as Demarit (), is a social-democratic political party in Finland. It is currently the largest party in the Parliament of Finland with 40 seats.

Melilla Airport

Melilla Airport is an airport in Melilla, an exclave of Spain in Africa. The airport is located about southwest of the city, near the border with Morocco. On March 24, 2014, the Spanish government announced that they will rename the airport after last Prime Minister of Spain Adolfo Suarez. 

The terminal has a total of 6 check-in counters, 3 boarding gates and 2 baggage reclaim carousels. It also has a Support Office for Passengers, Users and Clients / It is in charge of processing the suggestions of the passengers on the services and facilities of the airport. It also has claim forms from Aena Aeropuertos; Security control, passport control and a Melilla Turismo Stand in the arrivals area.


The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Melilla Airport:

Number of passengers, operations and cargo since the year 2000:




Nice Côte d'Azur Airport

Nice Côte d'Azur Airport () is an international airport located southwest of Nice, in the Alpes-Maritimes "départment" of France.

University of Tampere

The University of Tampere (UTA) (, ) was a public university in Tampere, Finland that was merged with Tampere University of Technology to create the new Tampere University on 1 January 2019.

LGBT parenting

LGBT parenting is about lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people raising one or more children as parents or foster care parents. This includes: children raised by same-sex couples, children raised by single LGBT parents, and children raised by an opposite-sex couple where at least one partner is LGBT. 

This has been controversial since some critics believe that children raised with LGBT parents might develop mental issues; however this is not scientifically proven.

Kesäranta

Kesäranta (lit. "summer shore", ) is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Finland. It is in the Helsinki neighborhood of Meilahti.

The residence is owned by the Finnish Government through Senate Properties. It has a prohibited airspace zone.

Hari Hara Veera Mallu

Hari Hara Veera Mallu is an upcoming Indian Telugu-language period action-adventure movie that shows the life of legendary outlaw Veera Mallu. It is directed by Krish Jagarlamudi. The movie stars Pawan Kalyan in the title role. It also includes Nidhhi Agerwal, Arjun Rampal and Nargis Fakhri. The story is set in the 17th century in the Mughal Empire. 

The movie began its production in September 2020. It was scheduled for release on 29 April 2022 in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi languages, but unfortunately, the movie was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The production also experienced delays because of Kalyan's other movies and political commitments. The movie is now planned to release on March 30, 2023.

Set in the Mughal Era, outlaw Veera Mallu must steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Mughals.


Pacores

Pacores or Pakores (Greek: ΠΑΚΟΡΗϹ "Pakorēs"; Kharosthi: 𐨤𐨐𐨂𐨪 ', '; Aramaic: pkwry) (100–135 AD) was a king. He ruled in the Indo-Parthian Kingdom in Arachosia from 100–130 AD. He ruled after Ubouzanes. He minted many coins.


Matías Novoa

Matías Novoa (June 14, 1980, Valparaíso, Chile) is a Chilean-Mexican Actor and Model, known for starring in several soap operas on TV Azteca.

Factor (social)

Social factors are characteristics of individuals or groups that affect thought or behavior in social contexts and influence outcomes. An example of social factors is attitudes.

On Dangerous Ground

On Dangerous Ground is a 1951 American spy crime drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray and was based on the 1945 novel "Mad with Much Heart" by Gerald Butler. It stars Ida Lupino, Robert Ryan, Ward Bond, Charles Kemper, Ian Wolfe, Ed Begley and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Little Free Library

Little Free Library is a nonprofit organization that helps people share books. It usually does this by using public bookcases. The organization works to make books more available to many kinds of readers.

There are more than 90,000 Little Free Library locations registered with the organization. They are in 91 countries. Millions of books are exchanged each year through these libraries.

Little Free Library is based in Hudson, Wisconsin, United States. It is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.

The first Little Free Library was built in 2009 in Hudson, Wisconsin. It was built by Todd Bol. Bol put a wooden container on a post on his lawn and filled it with books. It was designed to look like a one-room schoolhouse. The library was to honor his mother. His mother was a school teacher who had recently died and she loved books. Bol and his partner built and installed more of the libraries in different areas of the Midwestern United States.

Little Free Library became an incorporated nonprofit organization on May 16, 2012. The Internal Revenue Service recognized Little Free Library as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization later that year.

Bol originally wanted to create 2,510 Little Free Libraries. That is more than the number of libraries founded by Andrew Carnegie. The goal was met in 2012.

Little Free Libraries were also built in other countries. By November 2016, there were 50,000 registered Little Free Libraries in 85 countries. Margret Aldrich wrote "The Little Free Library Book" about them. In August 2019, there were more than 90,000 Little Free Libraries in 91 countries around the world.

The Little Free Library nonprofit has been honored by the National Book Foundation, the Library of Congress, "Library Journal", and others for its work promoting literacy and a love of reading.

The Little Free Library organization has donated book exchanges through their Impact Library Program. It created a reading program called the Action Book Club. The program combines reading with community service.

At a Little Free Library location, a person can take a book to read or leave one for someone else to find. Volunteers build, install, and take care of the boxes.
For a book exchange box to be registered and legally use the Little Free Library brand, the volunteer must do one of three things:

Registered Little Free Libraries can appear on the Little Free Library World Map. That map lists the libraries with GPS coordinates and other information.

There are Little Free Libraries in many shapes and sizes. Some are small, brightly painted wooden houses. One is a larger library that looks like Doctor Who's TARDIS.



Micromonospora kangleipakensis

Micromonospora kangleipakensis is a species of bacteria. It belongs to the genus "Micromonospora". It belongs to the family "Micromonosporaceae". It is named after "Kangleipak" (another name of Manipur). Its type strain is DSM 45612; JCM 17696; MBRL 34.

It is an aerobic bacteria. It can survive and grow in an oxygenated environment. It forms spores. It is in nature. It grows best in moderate temperature, neither too hot nor too cold. It is an .
It was isolated from a sample of limestone quarry in "Hungpung" region of Kangleipak (Manipur).

"Micromonospora kangleipakensis DSM 45612" is positive in gram stain. It has cell width of 0.87 µm.
It was cultured in the medium of "Gym Streptomyces Medium (DSMZ Medium 65)".

It grows under different temperatures. 

"Micromonospora kangleipakensis" is an aerobic bacteria. So, it has good tolerance for oxygen. It also has the good ability of spore formation. There are quinones of MK-10(H6), MK-10(H2) MK-11(H4), MK-10(H4) observed in it.

During the carbon source type of metabolite utilisation testing, metabolites like alanine, glutamate, leucine, mannose and serine are found.

ISO 3166-2:BG

ISO 3166-2:BG is the entry for Bulgaria in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:CA

ISO 3166-2:CA is the entry for Canada in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:SK

ISO 3166-2:SK is the entry for Slovakia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:PL

ISO 3166-2:PL is the entry for Poland in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:PF

ISO 3166-2:PF is the entry for French Polynesia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:TL

ISO 3166-2:TL is the entry for Timor-Leste in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Trachycephalus mambaiensis

Trachycephalus mambaiensis is a species of frog that lives in Brazil.

Wonka (movie)

Wonka is a 2023 musical fantasy movie directed by Paul King, who co-wrote the screenplay with Simon Farnaby. It is a prequel to the 1964 novel "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" by Roald Dahl and stars Timothée Chalamet as the title character, following his early days as an eccentric chocolatier. Keegan-Michael Key, Paterson Joseph, Matt Lucas, Mathew Baynton, Sally Hawkins, Rowan Atkinson, Jim Carter, Tom Davis, Olivia Colman and Hugh Grant star in supporting roles in the movie.

"Wonka" was released in the United Kingdom on 8 December 2023 and in the United States on 15 December 2023, by Warner Bros. Pictures.

Willy Wonka, an aspiring magician, inventor, and chocolatier, arrives in Europe to establish his chocolate shop at the Galeries Gourmet. Burning through his meager savings, he is coerced to stay at Mrs. Scrubitt's boardinghouse by her henchman Bleacher and, despite orphan Noodle's warning about the fine print, signs a contract because he is illiterate. To pay them off, Wonka introduces "hoverchocs", chocolates that make people fly, facing mockery from three rival chocolatiers – Arthur Slugworth, Felix Fickelgruber and Gerald Prodnose – who call the Chief of Police to confiscate his earnings for selling without a chocolate store.

Unable to pay the exorbitant fees imposed on him by the contract, Wonka is captured and forced to work in a launderette for Mrs. Scrubitt alongside other captives: Abacus Crunch, Piper Benz, Larry Chucklesworth, Lottie Bell, and Noodle. Learning of a cartel consisting of the rival chocolatiers; with Slugworth as the leader, who exploit the police chief's weakness for chocolate to force Wonka to leave town, Wonka makes his escape with the help of Noodle; while he promises her a lifetime supply of chocolates, she promises to teach him how to read. Wonka tells Noodle that his affinity for chocolate stems from his late mother, and mentions the theft of his chocolates by an enigmatic small orange man who has been stealing them for years. To produce his signature chocolate, Wonka and Noodle travel to the local zoo, milking Abigail the giraffe. Together with other the launderette workers, they embark on a chocolate selling crusade to alleviate their debts while using tunnels underneath the city to evade Scrubitt and the chief. Unmasking an Oompa Loompa named Lofty as the thief, Wonka discovers that the Oompa Loompa seeks retribution for the cocoa beans Wonka took from Loompaland years ago under Lofty's watch before he escapes by duping Wonka.

Using the funds raised from selling chocolates, the laundrette workers opened Wonka's dream chocolate store. The Chocolate Cartel and the chief, now unable to arrest him since he has a legitimate shop, expose him to Scrubitt. Infusing his chocolates with Yeti sweat, Scrubitt incites chaos among the customers, leading to the destruction of Wonka's store. Wonka agrees to the cartel's offer to leave town by ship to pay off everyone's debts. All of the workers are released from the launderette except Noodle; Slugworth pays Scrubitt to keep her there indefinitely, and she is locked in the pigeon coop. Wonka deduces that Noodle is Slugworth's niece, before he and Lofty are forced to jump off the boat that has been rigged to explode. After rescuing Noodle with the help of the group, they devise a strategy to obtain the cartel's incriminating account book.

Taking advantage of Abigail's distraction, Wonka and Noodle infiltrate the cartel's base. They are confronted by the cartel, who reveal that Noodle, who was reported dead to her mother, was left by Slugworth to Scrubitt to eliminate her claim to the family fortune. The cartel attempts to drown Wonka and Noodle in chocolate, but Lofty rescues them and they unveil the cartel's misdeeds to the authorities and the public. After eating an entire stock of "hoverchocs", the Cartel ends up flying in the air with no way to come down. Wonka's friends release the cartel's chocolate reserve through a fountain, laced with Wonka's unique ingredients, ruining the cartel's enterprise, while the Chief-of-Police is arrested after the payments made to him are revealed. The crowd revels in tasting Wonka's chocolate fountain, and Wonka unwraps the last chocolate bar his mother had given him, discovering a golden paper with a message that says what matters is "who you share the chocolate with". He reunites Noodle with her mother, settles his debt with Lofty, and finds an abandoned castle for sale to commence building his factory with Lofty as his tasting chef.

In an epilogue, Scrubitt and Bleacher are arrested after their attempt to eliminate evidence of sabotaging Wonka's shop backfires, and the rest of Wonka’s friends return to their old lives.


The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle

The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is a 2000 American live-action/animated adventure slapstick comedy movie directed by Des McAnuff and produced by Universal Pictures, based on the television series of the same name by Jay Ward. The animated characters Rocky and Bullwinkle share the screen with live actors portraying Fearless Leader (Robert De Niro, who also co-produced the movie), Boris Badenov (Jason Alexander) and Natasha Fatale (Rene Russo) along with Randy Quaid, Piper Perabo, Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell. June Foray reprises her role as Rocky, while Keith Scott (no relation to original voice actor Bill Scott) voiced Bullwinkle and the movie's narrator. It also features cameo appearances by performers including James Rebhorn, Paget Brewster, Janeane Garofalo, John Goodman, David Alan Grier, Don Novello, Jon Polito, Carl Reiner, Whoopi Goldberg, Max Grodénchik, Norman Lloyd, Jonathan Winters and Billy Crystal. The movie follows a young rookie FBI agent named Karen Sympathy enlisting the help of Rocky and Bullwinkle to stop Boris, Natasha and Fearless Leader from taking over the United States.

Released on June 30, 2000, the movie was a box office bomb, grossing $35.1 million worldwide against its $76 million budget and received generally mixed reviews with criticism towards its writing, plot, and humor while praising the performances, visual effects and faithfulness to its source material.


In October 1998, it was announced that Monica Potter had been cast as the lead role of Karen Sympathy. Robert De Niro was also announced to be in negotiations for the role of Fearless Leader, with Des McAnuff set to direct from Kenneth Lonergan's screenplay. In November 1998, Jason Alexander was cast as Boris Badenov. In January 1999, Rene Russo was cast as Natasha Fatale. In February 1999, Potter dropped out from playing Karen and was replaced by Piper Perabo.


Sanabares

Sanabares (Greek: ϹΑΝΑΒΑΡΟΥ "Sanabarou"; 135-160 CE) was an Indo-Parthian king. He was the last Indo-Parthian king to rule in Sakastan and south Arachosia.


Engin Baytar

Engin Baytar (born 11 July 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger for İstanbul Siirtgücüspor.





Brian Behrendt

Brian Behrendt (born 24 October 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for 2. Bundesliga club Eintracht Braunschweig.

Behrendt started playing football with local clubs Bremervörder SC and TuS Heeslingen. In 2006, he joined the youth squad of Hamburger SV, but transferred to Rapid Wien at the age of 16 when his father moved to Austria for work. He advanced through the club's youth system and made his debut for the second team in a 3–0 win against SV Mattersburg II in Regional League East on 5 March 2010. He joined First League side SV Horn on loan in January 2013 for the rest of the 2012–13 season.

After returning to Rapid Wien, Behrendt made his first-team debut as an extra-time substitute in an Austrian Cup penalty shootout defeat to LASK Linz on 14 July 2013. He missed most of the 2014–15 season with a broken metatarsal, and he joined Arminia Bielefeld in July 2015.

In December 2020 it was announced Behrendt would move to Eintracht Braunschweig in January 2021, having agreed a contract until summer 2023.

Johann Philipp Kirnberger

Johann Philipp Kirnberger (24 April 1721 27 July 1783) was a composer and music theorist. 

Kirnberger was born on 24 April 1721 in Saalfeld. He learned to play the violin and harpsichord at his home. He learned to play the organ with J. P. Kellner. In 1739, he went to Leipzig. He studied music with Johann Sebastian Bach for two years. In 1741 he went to Poland, where he worked as a musician. He returned to Germany in 1751. That year, he became a violinist (somebody who plays the violin) in the Prussian court chapel. In 1758, he became the music director for Princess Anna Amalia of Prussia.

He worked as a composer and music teacher for Princess Anna. During this time, he started writing about music theory. Kirnberger died on 27 July 1783 in Berlin after a period of sickness.

Kirnberger was a famous music theorist. He wrote about counterpoint, music theory, tuning, and figured bass. However, he was not a good writer. He had to ask other people to help him write and edit his ideas. His writing is often confusing to read. 

He often praised J. S. Bach's in his writing. He thought that Bach's way of writing music is the best way. He tried to explain Bach's way of writing music in his book, (English: "Art of Pure Writing").

He created three musical temperaments. A musical temperament is how each note in an instrument is tuned. His first temperament is based on Pythagoras' temperament. His third temperament is often used to play baroque music. 

He created a way to write music using a pair of dice. This was published in (English: "The polonaise and minuet composer who is always ready"). A pair of dice is thrown. Then, the numbers on the dice is used to search a bar of melody from a table. This bar is added to the music. There are formula_1 minuets from Kirnberger's original table.

March Forward, Dear Mother Ethiopia

March Forward, Dear Mother Ethiopia (), is the current national anthem of Ethiopia, adopted in 1992.

Far Cry

Far Cry is a franchise of first-person shooter games published by Ubisoft. The first game to the franchise, named "Far Cry," was developed by Crytek to show their CryEngine software, which was released in March 2004. Ubisoft later got the rights to the franchise and began making newer games using a modified version of CryEngine. Far Cry is known for its open world gameplay.

The first "Far Cry" game was made by German studio Crytek using their CryEngine software. Crytek wanted to create a realistic outdoor spaces with their game engine, which was advanced compared with other game engines at the time. "Far Cry" released in March 2004 for Microsoft Windows and sold 730,000 units in the first four months.

After the release, Crytek stopped working with Ubisoft and signed a deal in July 2004 to make a gaming franchise with another publisher called Electronic Arts, which became the "Crysis" franchise. In March 2006, Ubisoft got the legal rights to the "Far Cry" series and a license for the CryEngine version used in the making of "Far Cry". Ubisoft Montreal became the main studio for making all future "Far Cry" games.

"Far Cry 2" was announced by Ubisoft in July 2007, with two large changes from the previous "Far Cry" games. First, the game use the Dunia Engine, a modified version of the licensed CryEngine by Ubisoft Montreal. The Dunia Engine creates a completely open-world game with realistic physics and destroyable environments. Secondly, "Far Cry 2" is more open-ended than "Far Cry," that means the player get to create their own stories with the other characters using an advanced artificial intelligence system.

"Far Cry 2" was released in October 2008 and sold over 2.9 million units by 2009.

After the release of Far Cry 2, Ubisoft Montreal made a newer version of the Dunia Engine to allow some open-world features such as weather system, which was shown in the next game of the series. "Far Cry 3" was announced in 2011 and released in November 2012, it still received positive reviews and had sold more than 10 million units by 2014.

Crytek

Crytek GmbH is a German video game developer and software developer based in Frankfurt. It was founded by the Yerli brothers in Coburg in 1999 and moved to Frankfurt in 2006, Crytek also have studios in Kyiv and Istanbul.


Federal Statistical Office of Germany

The Federal Statistical Office (, shortened "Destatis") is a federal authority of Germany. It reports to the Federal Ministry of the Interior. The office is responsible for keeping track of statistical information about the economy, society and environment. They provide qualitative information for the public.
About 2300 staff members are employed in the departments in Wiesbaden, Bonn and Berlin.

Kamen Rider Drive

Kamen Rider Drive is a Japanese tokusatsu television series, Kamen Rider franchise.

Super Hero Time "Ressha Sentai ToQger" and then "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger".








Tea in the United Kingdom

Tea was first introduced in the 17th century and ever since associated with the British culture. It became one of Britain's favorite brewing drinks with about 2 kilograms of consumed dry tea per person a year. Today tea is Britain's national drink and it belongs to one of Britain's common stereotypes. It is so integrated into the lives of British people to the point they invented the word "cuppa" for "a cup of tea".

In the early 17th century, Dutch and Portuguese traders were shipping tea from various Asian countries to Europa. Tea became more and more popular and was introduced to a larger crowd in the year 1651. A few years later in 1657, Thomas Garway was the first person who sold tea in his in London. At that time tea was not consumed for recreational but more for medical purposes, against illnesses and diseases. Tea was an exclusive product that only a small group of wealthy people could afford. In the year 1662, as Queen Catherine of Braganza brought tea to the royal court, it became trendy among monarchs and wealthy people. At this point, tea was not just consumed for medical purposes anymore, but as a lifestyle product.

In 1664, the British East India Company placed its first order of Chinese tea. Even though only a few people could afford the expensive product, it gained popularity, and by 1750 they imported Chinese tea worth millions of pounds. 

As the popularity of tea is growing the British Crown saw a new source of income, and because of that reason, they increased the tax on imported tea to 119%. Due to high import taxes on tea, people started to smuggle tea or sell low-quality tea which could be dangerous to consume. Most of these problems were gone, after decreasing the taxes on imported tea to 12.5% in the year 1784. 

In the 19th century, tea became much cheaper, because of the low import taxes, also they began growing tea in their colonies in India and Sri Lanka. Its popularity reaches working-class households, where tea was served with the main meal. This meal has become known as high tea.

Nowadays Afternoon tea or low tea is a rare occasion, due to the lack of time in modern society. But in the 18th century, wealthy women would meet up at around 4 p.m. and drink tea together. made the afternoon tea fashionable, because of her unregulated dinner time she would drink a cup of tea served with bread and butter, in the afternoon as a dinner replacement. The afternoon tea was extremely popular among her and her royal friends, so they also held their own afternoon tea ceremony.

A formal tea set is made of fine bone china, porcelain, or silver and includes a teapot, cups and saucers, a creamer for holding milk, and a sugar bowl, all carried on a tray.

There are more than 3000 varieties of tea with completely different taste profiles in this world. These are the 6 most consumed tea types in Great Britain.

Black tea has its famous dark color because of the long oxidation process of the leaves. The taste is bold and brisk and the tea contains caffeine that perfectly can replace coffee. Usually, you can add milk, sugar, or lemon to your black tea.

Earl Grey is a black tea variety, but it has a fruitier flavor, because of the bergamot. This tea is usually served without milk. Its name came from the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Charles Grey in 1830, after China gifted him this tea.

English breakfast is a blend of black tea. The taste may be slightly sweet, bitter, or malty and is served with milk and sugar

Green tea is popular for its health benefits. Consumers describe its tastes as less bitter and refreshing and without the need for sweetening.

Oolong tea is a semi-fermented Chinese Tea with a woody to fruity flavor, depending on the manufacturing process. 

Herbal tea is currently trending among younger people, because of its high health beneficial effects. Herbal teas are made of fruit and herbal-based plants.



Rodrigo Chaves Robles

Rodrigo Alberto de Jesús Chaves Robles (born 10 June 1961) is a Costa Rican politician. He is the 49th President of Costa Rica since 2022. Chaves was Minister of Finance during the presidency of Carlos Alvarado Quesada from 2019 until 2020.

José María Figueres

José María Figueres Olsen (born 24 December 1954) is a Costa Rican businessman and politician. He was President of Costa Rica from 1994 to 1998. He also ran for president in the 2022 but lost to Rodrigo Chaves Robles.

José María Figueres is the son of José Figueres Ferrer, who was a three-time President of Costa Rica. His mother, Karen Olsen Beck, an American social worker born to Danish immigrant parents, later adopted Costa Rican nationality.

Area code 704

Area code 704 is an area code for North Carolina. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state but after it was split by 919 in 1954 and 828 in 1998. It now covers the Charlotte area. It consists of towns such as Concord, Indian Trail, Charlotte, Cornelius, Cherryville, Huntersville, and Albemarle. It was overlaid by 980 in 2000.

Radiodonta

Radiodonta is an extinct order of ancient arthropods that was successful during the Cambrian period. They can be called radiodonts and radiodontans along with other names.

Radiodonts are identified by distinct appendages on their faces, which are diverse and can do a lot of things. Some of the earliest top predators, such as "Anomalocaris" are Radiodonts, but some others, such as "Aegirocassis" were filter feeders, eating by filtering food out of the water around them.

Area code 803

Area code 803 is an area code for South Carolina. It was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state, but after it was split by 864 in 1995 and 843 in 1998, it now covers the middle of the state, including its capital city Columbia. It was overlaid by 839 on May 26, 2020.

The Escapists 2

The Escapists 2 is a 2017 simulation strategy role playing video game. It is about escaping prisons. The game is a sequel to "The Escapists" (2015).

Viola Desmond

Viola Irene Desmond (July 6, 1914 – February 7, 1965) was a civil rights activist in Canada.

In 1946 she went into a segregated part of a movie theatre and would not leave. Then she was charged with tax evasion because the seats cost one cent less there. This event turned into a very well-known example of discrimination. Desmond was born in 1914 and died in 1965. She was pardoned from the tax evasion charge in 2010. 

Area code 705

Area code 705 is an area code for Ontario. It was created in 1957 as a split from area codes 613 and 519. It was overlaid by 249 in 2011. That same area was overlaid by 683 on June 18, 2022.

Khodadad Rezakhani

Khodadad Rezakhani (Persian: خداداد رضاخانی, born 1976) is an Iranian historian. He was an associate research scholar for the Sharmin and Bijan Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Iran and Persian Gulf Studies at Princeton University from 2016 to 2020. Rezakhani is also the founder of the website Iranologie.com. It a website that talks about the history of Iran since 1997.





Far Cry (video game)

Far Cry is a 2004 first-person shooter game made by Crytek and published by Ubisoft. It is the first game in the "Far Cry" franchise. 

Asturleonese language

Asturleonese () is a Romance language spoken mainly in the autonomous communities of Asturias, northwestern León and Cantabria, and also in some parts of Portugal. Asturleonese is a dialect continuum, speakers of "Leonese", "Cantabrian and" "Asturian" "(Mirandese" in Portugal) are mutually intelligible, meaning they can understand each other. Asturleonese has been classified by UNESCO as an endangered language, because it is being replaced by the Spanish language.

Beast (2022 Indian movie)

Beast is a 2022 Indian Tamil-language action comedy movie written and directed by Nelson and produced by Sun Pictures. The movie stars Vijay and Pooja Hegde in lead roles. Selvaraghavan, Yogi Babu, and Redin Kingsley play supporting roles. It revolves around an ex-RAW agent's crusade to rescue people held hostage in a shopping mall by terrorists.

The production rights of Vijay's 65th movie as lead actor were acquired by Sun Pictures in early January 2020. It was titled "Thalapathy 65". The movie was set to be written and directed by AR Murugadoss. However, the producers ousted Murugadoss from the movie in October 2020, after he refused to cut his renumeration. Nelson was later hired and he wrote a new script for the movie.

With an official announcement during December 2020, the movie began principal photography in April 2021. It wrapped in December. The movie was shot across various locations in Chennai, including a specially designed set resembling that of a shopping mall where most of the movie was shot. Sporadic schedules took place in Delhi and Georgia. The music was composed by Anirudh Ravichander, cinematography was handled by Manoj Paramahamsa, editing by R. Nirmal and production design supervised by D. R. K. Kiran.

The movie was released in theaters on 13 April 2022. It received mixed reviews from critics and the audience.


Additionally, director Nelson, music composer Anirudh and choreographer Jani appear in cameo appearances as themselves in the song "Jolly O Gymkhana".

Knorr (brand)

Knorr (, ), is a German brand of soups and drinks, belonging to the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate since the 2000s Unilever, it was founded in 1838 by Carl Heinrich Theodor Knorr. Knorr headquarters are in Heilbronn, Germany. Previously products sold under the Lipton brand.

By 2000, the Knorr is available in ninety countries

The brand is engaged in the sale of dehydrated soups, soup mixes, condiments and bouillon cubes.

Great Plains wolf

The Great Plains wolf ("Canis lupus nubilus") is an extinct subspecies of grey wolf. It is also called the buffalo wolf or loafer. It once lived in the Great Plains. The subspecies was declared extinct in 1926.

Thomas Say documented the Great Plains wolf in 1823. He was the first person to record "prairie wolves" (coyotes) and Great Plains wolves as different animals. He named it "Canis nubilus". Say wrote that the Great Plains wolf was more fierce and powerful than the red wolf or coyote.

The Great Plains wolf once lived in the Great Plains, from southern Manitoba and Saskatchewan to northern Texas.

The Great Plains wolf was described as a large wolf with light-colored fur. However, some of them had fur that was all white or all black. The body length is 1.7 m (5.6 ft). The average weight of a male was 100lb (45 kg). The heaviest one recorded was 150 lb (58kg). The Native Americans of North Dakota told stories about how only three of these wolves could bring down a bison.

There used to be many of these wolves living in the Great Plains. When the American bison was being killed, Great Plains wolves were also being poisoned and trapped for their pelts. Alexander Henry wrote that they were bold around humans, and fed on the dead bodies of bison. He recorded that Native Americans dug up wolf pups from their dens in the prairie. They also dug large pitfalls to capture wolves and foxes. Members of Henry's group dug up wolf pups and found them very tame and easy to train. In 1833, the explorer Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied recorded that these wolves were common in the upper part of Missouri. There, Native Americans had wolf pits and traded wolves to him for tobacco. He thought that the Native American's dogs were more dangerous to humans than the wolves.

In 1856, Lt. G. K. Warren studied Great Plains wolf skulls and found that some of them were not full-blooded wolves. There have been many stories about violent hybrid wolf-dogs. It is possible that the Great Plains wolf's tameness and lack of fear of humans might be because they were mixed with domestic dogs. In North Dakota, by 1875 sightings of the wolf became rare, and by 1877 they were almost all gone. In North Dakota, two were sighted in 1915 by Remington Kellogg. The last known wolf was shot in 1922. The Great Plains wolf was officially declared extinct in 1926.

Max Grodénchik

Michael "Max" Grodénchik (born November 12, 1952) is an American stage, movie and television actor, best known for his role as Rom, a recurring character on the television series "".

Boyd Hilton

Andrew John Boyd Hilton FBA (born 19 January 1944) is a British historian. He is a professor and fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. He specialises in modern British history.

Karol Divín

Karol "Karcsi" Emil Divín (born Karol Finster; 22 February 1936 – 6 April 2022) was a Hungarian-born Slovak-Czech figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia. He was the 1960 Olympic silver medalist. He also was a two-time European champion (1958–59), and a two-time World medalist. He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Divín died on 6 April 2022 in Brno, Czech Republic at the age of 86.

Rae Allen

Raffaella Julia Theresa Abruzzo (July 23, 1926 – April 6, 2022), professionally known as Rae Allen, was an American actress. She was born in New York City. Her career began in 1948. She won a Tony Award in 1971 for her stage performance in "And Miss Reardon Drinks a Little".

Allen died at the age of 95 on April 6, 2022.

Eric Boehlert

Eric Boehlert (December 6, 1965 – April 4, 2022) was an American media critic and writer. He founded Press Run. He was a staff writer for "Salon" for five years. He also was a contributing editor to "Rolling Stone" and as a staff writer at "Billboard". 

Boehlert was killed on April 4, 2022, after being hit by a train in Montclair, New Jersey, while cycling at aged 57.

Jerry Uelsmann

Jerry N. Uelsmann (June 11, 1934 – April 4, 2022) was an American photographer. He was known for his photomontage work. His works helped create the Adobe Photoshop to make surrealistic images. He won the Lucie Award in Fine Art in 2015. 

Uelsmann died on April 4, 2022 in Gainesville, Florida at the age of 87.

Boris Brott

Boris Brott, (March 14, 1944 – April 5, 2022) was a Canadian conductor and motivational speaker. He was one of the most well known Canadian conductors. He performed at Carnegie Hall and Covent Garden. Brott was the founder and artistic director of the National Academy Orchestra of Canada.

Brott was killed after being hit by a car while riding his bike in Hamilton, Ontario on April 5, 2022 at the age of 78.

Joaquim Carvalho

Joaquim da Silva Carvalho (18 April 1937 – 5 April 2022) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He made six appearances for the Portugal national football team from 1965 until 1966.

Carvalho died on 5 April 2022, thirteen days before his 85th birthday.

Sporting CP

Portugal

Graciela Giannettasio

Graciela María Giannettasio de Saiegh (20 October 1950 – 5 April 2022) was an Argentine politician. She was a member of the Justicialist Party. She was the Minister of Education during the interim presidency of Eduardo Duhalde from 2002 to 2003. She also was Vice Governor of Buenos Aires Province under Felipe Solá from 2003 to 2007.

From 2007 until 2015, Giannettasio was a National Deputy. She was born in Remedios de Escalada, Argentina.

Giannettasio died on 5 April 2022 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 71.

Bjarni Tryggvason

Bjarni Valdimar Tryggvason (September 21, 1945 – April 5, 2022) was an Icelandic-born Canadian engineer and a NRC/CSA astronaut. He was a Payload Specialist on Space Shuttle mission STS-85 in 1997. It was a 12-day mission to study changes in the Earth's atmosphere. Tryggvason was born in Reykjavík, Iceland. He grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Tryggvason died on April 5, 2022 at the age of 76.

Raymond Lopez

Raymond Anthony Lopez (born May 26, 1978) is an American politician. He is a member of the Chicago City Council since 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is seen as a critic of Mayor Lori Lightfoot.

In April 2022, Lopez announced he would run for mayor in the 2023 election. No Chicago City Council member has ever been elected mayor, although two have been appointed to the office to fill vacancies. In November 2022, he dropped out of the race to focus on his re-election campaign for the city council.

Lopez is openly gay. 

2023 Chicago mayoral election

An election for Mayor of Chicago was held on February 28, 2023. Since neither candidate achieved a majority of votes, a runoff election was held on April 4, 2023. Mayor Lori Lightfoot ran for a second term in office since there are no term limits for the office, however lost in the first round of the election, becoming the first one-term Chicago mayor in 40 years.

The runoff was between Paul Vallas, the former CEO of Chicago Public Schools, and Brandon Johnson, a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners.

The election is officially non-partisan, with its winner being elected to a four-year term. 

Brandon Johnson defeated Paul Vallas in the runoff election, winning 51% of the vote.





Han Duck-soo

Han Duck-soo (; born 18 June 1949) is a South Korean politician. He is the 44th Prime Minister of South Korea since 2022. He was prime minister before in 2006 and from 2007 until 2008. He was the ambassador to the United States from 2009 to 2013. He was Chairman of the Korea International Trade Association from 2012 to 2015.

When he became prime minister again in 2022 at aged 72, Han became the oldest person to be prime minister.

Han Myeong-sook

Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; ) is a South Korean politician. She was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007. She is South Korea's first female prime minister. She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab.

She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and ran for President of South Korea in 2007.

Rockleigh, New Jersey

Rockleigh (pronounced ROCK-lee) is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 407. It is near Alpine.

Alpine, New Jersey

Alpine is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It is north of Manhattan. 

Panthaplavu

Panthaplavu is one of the Theri (section), in Pattazhy village (which is said to have 9000 acre Land).

By one side of Panthaplavu is the highest place in Pattazhy, called "Mathiramala"; where the Russian monk escaped from the revolution and lived in an Ashram. ( who prayed and healed many sick during his life here). Part of Panthaplavu is Irruppakkuzhy and other side having the paddy fields and the Kallada River.

Gonzalo García Vivanco

Gonzalo García Vivanco (December 25, 1981, Guadalajara, Jalisco), is a Mexican Actor and Model, known for participating in the series "Soy tu fan", and being the antagonist in "Relaciones Peligrosas".

Mercedes-Benz Travego

The Mercedes-Benz Travego is a bus model designed by Mercedes-Benz.

Space habitat

A space habitat or spacestead is a theoretical space station that rotates to simulate gravity and is outfitted like an environment on Earth, with landscaping, a settlement, etc. These would be very big, on the order of 800+ meters in diameter

Proposed designs include but are not limited to

O'Neill cylinders - Tin can shaped spacesteads with habitable space all over the inside with the exception of the ends.

Stanford toruses - Donut shaped habitats in which the land, settlement, water, etc is on the outer part of the interior, leaving the other half to be the sky. These would also have spokes and a central hub in the middle.

Bernal Spheres - Spherical habitats several kilometers in diameter with the whole inner surface being habitable land.

Bishop rings - Essentially smaller Stanford toruses without central spokes.

Birch Worlds - Spherical habitats one or two light-years in diameter built around a galaxy's supermassive black hole

Space habitat can also mean a base or enclosed settlement on or beneath the surface of a planet or large natural satellite or floating in its atmosphere.

Post-scarcity economy

Post-scarcity is a theoretical economic situation. It supposes a situation where most goods could be produced in abundance with minimal human work. Thus they become cheaply available or even free. 

Post-scarcity does not mean that scarcity has been eliminated for "all" goods and services. It supposes people could have their basic survival needs met, plus some significant amount of their desires for goods and services. 

In the present day, the idea of a world without needs is a fiction. Rather, the increasing population of the world may give rise to many problems. In 2017 the United Nations Population Division projected that the world's population will reach about 9.8 billion in 2050 and 11.2 billion in 2100. 

Cybernetic immortality

Cybernetic immortality is a form of immortality that would come about by people replacing their biological body parts with almost indestructible artificial equivalents. Such people would be cyborgs.


Mind uploading

Mind uploading is the theoretical process of uploading the contents of ones brain, possibly even their consciousness onto a digital substrate such as the cloud. The amount of data and computer memory needed to do this would be immense indeed, on the order of millions of terabytes, no current computers have this sort of data capacity.

The Cloud

The Cloud is the global network of internet servers, each with a unique function. These services are located around the world and hooked together to operate as a single "ecosystem".

Kherwal Soren

Kherwal Soren (born 9 December 1957) or Kalipada Soren is a Santhali playwright and editor. He is a Santali Author. 

Kherwal Soren, born as Kalipada Soren in 1957 at Raghunathpur near Jhargram in West Bengal, graduated from Seva Bharati Mahavidyalaya and passed M.A in Political Science from Rabindra Bharati University. He regularly edits a literary magazine "Kherwal Jaher". Soren has written 31 plays and a number of stories and poems in the Santhali language. He translated "Anubhab", a Bengali novel of Dibyendu Palit into Santhali. He received the Sarada Prasad Kisku award for his literary contribution. He retired from State Bank of India. In 2007, Soren was awarded the Sahitya Akademi for his play "Chet Re Cikayana". He was conferred the Padma Shri award in 2022.

Life support system

A life support system is the technology needed to survive in an extremely harsh environment (such as outer space or the bottom of Earth's ocean) including air, climate control etc.
In medical terminology life support systems are where people are hooked up to apparatuses like respirators and monitors while in critical condition.

Simulated gravity

Simulated or artificial gravity is gravity created through artificial means. The most plausible version would be centrifugal or "spin gravity" that would use the rotation of the vessel to simulate gravity.

What a Cartoon!

What A Cartoon! (later known as The What A Cartoon! Show and The Cartoon Cartoon Show) is an animated American television series. It is an anthology series created by Fred Seibert for Cartoon Network. The cartoons were produced by Hanna Barbera Productions. By the end of the series, a Cartoon Network Studios logo was added to some of the cartoons. This was done to show that they were original. The series included 48 cartoons. They were meant to return creative power to animators and artists. It was believed they would do this by recreating the iconic cartoon characters of the mid-20th century. Each of the cartoons folllowed the structure of a theatrical cartoon. Each one was based on an original storyboard drawn and written by its artist or creator. Three of the cartoons were paired together into a half-hour episode.

The series first aired on on February 20, 1995. The cartoons were promoted as "World Premiere Toons". During the original run, the name of the series was changed to "The What A Cartoon! Show" . It was later changed to "The Cartoon Cartoon Show" The series aired until August 23, 2002. 

The series helped revive television animation in the 1990s. It was a launching point for the Cartoon Network animated television series "Dexter’s Laboratory, Johnny Bravo, Courage the Cowardly Dog, Cow and Chicken, I Am Weasel," and "The Powerpuff Girls." Once it had several original cartoons, those became the first Cartoon Cartoons. From 2005 to 2008, "The Cartoon Cartoon Show!" was revived as a block for reruns of older Cartoon Cartoons that had been phased out by the network.

Showdown in Little Tokyo

Showdown in Little Tokyo is a 1991 American action movie directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Dolph Lundgren, Brandon Lee, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Tia Carrere, Rodney Kageyama, Ernie Lively, Renee Griffin. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Cumberland Plateau

The Cumberland Plateau is the southern Appalachian or Cumberland Plateau in the Appalachian Mountains of the United States. 

The Plateau includes parts of Kentucky and Tennessee, northern Alabama and northwest Georgia. 

The terms "Allegheny Plateau" and the "Cumberland Plateau" both refer to the heavily ridged plateau lands west of the main Appalachian Mountains. The terms come from historical usage. Two major rivers share the names of the plateaus, with the Allegheny River rising in the Allegheny Plateau and the Cumberland River rising in the Cumberland Plateau in Harlan County, Kentucky.

This was early coal-mining territory, and the area had some famous and tragic coal mining accidents.

As mentioned in the article Allegheny Mountains, the mountains are the low ground-down rock of a once huge mountain chain. The land ridges are difficult to cross SE to NW (or vice versa), and this lead to mountain folk being semi-isolated from the lower areas to either side of the mountains.

British Somaliland

British Somaliland, officially the Somaliland Protectorate (), was a British protectorate in present-day Somaliland. The territory was bordered by Darawiish, Italian Somaliland, French Somaliland and Abyssinia. From 1940 to 1941, it was occupied by the Italians and was part of Italian East Africa.

Avalonia

Avalonia was a microcontinent in the Palaeozoic era. Parts of this old microcontinent lie under south-west Great Britain, southern Ireland, and the eastern coast of North America. Bits of it are in Europe, Canada, and parts of the East coast of the United States. Avalonia is named after the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland.

Avalonia started as a chain of volcanoes on the northern margin of Gondwana. It became a drifting microcontinent. The Iapetus Ocean in front of it slowly shrank. 

Avalonia collided with other continents. It ended up in the middle of Pangaea. When Pangaea broke up, Avalonia's remains were divided by the rift which became the Atlantic Ocean.

That is how it came to be part in western Europe, and part in eastern North America.

Trachycephalus cunauaru

Trachycephalus cunauaru is a frog that lives in the forest and rainforest in Brazil, Bolivia, and Ecuador. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia and Peru. Scientists have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 57.9 to 74.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 74.4 to 84.9 mm long. This frog has a pattern of dark and light brown or gray on its back. Its toes are light green in color.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. The frog spends almost all of its life in the tree branches. It almost never goes to the ground. It lays eggs mostly during the rainy season. The male frog sits on a tree between 2 and 32 meters off the ground. The male frog chooses a place near a hole in the tree that is full of water. The male frog usually chooses the same place each time. Scientists think the male frogs are territorial and might fight each other for good places. The male frog sings for the female frog so she will come to him. The female frog can lay 1000 eggs at one time. She lays her eggs in the water in hole in the tree.

The name "cunauaru" comes from the language of the people who live in the Amazon area. The name sounds a little like the sound the frog makes. It also means "toad wife." It also means the way the male frog calls for the female frog on nights when the moon is bright.

Police Nurse

Police Nurse is a 1963 American crime drama movie directed by Maury Dexter and starring Ken Scott, Merry Anders, Oscar Beregi (Jr.), Byron Morrow, Ivan Bonar, Carol Brewster. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


1440p

1440p is a family of video display resolutions that have a vertical resolution of 1440 pixels. The 1440 pixel vertical resolution is double the vertical resolution of 720p, and one-third more than 1080p. 1440p is commonly used in smartphone screens, and for computer and console gaming as a cheaper alternative to 4K.

Newton Ben Katanha

Newton Ben Katanha (born 3 February 1983) is a Zimbabwean football striker who most recently played for Phnom Penh Crown.


2011–12 FC Augsburg season

The 2011–12 FC Augsburg season was the 105th season in the football club's history and the club's first season in the Bundesliga. The season started on 30 July against Rot-Weiß Oberhausen in the DFB-Pokal. Promotion to the 2011–12 Bundesliga was the peak of a decade-long process started by clothing magnate Walther Seinisch.

2011–12 season was the club's debut season in the Bundesliga.

Municipalities of Portugal

The municipality ( or "concelho") is the second-level administrative subdivision of Portugal, as written in the 1976 Constitution.

São Bento Mansion

São Bento Mansion (), is a late 19th-century mansion that is the official residence of the prime minister of Portugal. It is located in the Lisbon civil parish of Estrela, inside the grounds of São Bento Palace, the seat of the Portuguese parliament.

European Parliament constituency

Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) are elected by the population of the member states of the European Union (EU). The European Electoral Act 2002 lets member states the choice to give electoral subdivisions or constituencies for the European Parliament elections in different ways.

M. Shahinoor Rahman

M. Shahinoor Rahman is a writer, academic, columnist and folklorist in Bangladesh. He is the senior professor of selection grade-1 in the English Department and former Pro-Vice-Chancellor at the Islamic University, Bangladesh. He served as Pro-Vice-Chancellor from 20 February 2013 to 22 February 2021. He gained popularity by writing "Bengali poet Fakir Lalon Shah: oral poetry and tradition in the social context of contemporary Bangladesh" thesis paper. Already, He has already supervised 15 researchers with Phd degree and 3 researchers with Mphil degree by 2020.

Mr. Rahman was born in Kushtia, but was raised in Dhaka and Khulna. His father name is Md. Abdur Rahman a freedom fighter Retired Govt Administrative officer and his mother name is late Diloara Rahman Jostna a housewife.

Dr. Rahman took his primary and secondary education from Dhaka and Khulna. He completed his HSC from Khulna Government City College. He graduated in English with Honors (1986), successfully completed M.A in English with first class first (1987) from the University of Rajshahi. He completed another M.A in Folklore with thesis (1999) equivalent to an M Phil Degree at the Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. Then he was done with his PhD Degree in English literature in 2002 on English novelist Rudyard Kipling.

He started career as a lecturer in the English Discipline at Khulna University at the age of 24. He served as Associate Instructor at the Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. He had been the Chairman of the Department of English and Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at Islamic University, Bangladesh. He served as the Professor in the Department of English at Jagannath University, Jahangirnagar University and Khulna University. He also chairing and attending different meetings related to research and academic matters. He worked as Syndicate Member at Islamic University and Jagannath University and Khulna University. He served as the Pro Vice-Chancellor of the Islamic University, Bangladesh from 20 February 2013 to 19 February 2017. He was again appointed as Pro-Vice-Chancellor on 22 February 2017 and he served as Pro Vice-Chancellor at the same university from 23 February 2017 to 22 February 2021.

He has participated in international meetings and seminars outside the country. In march 2023 He chaired the 45th Barcelona International Conference. He is also the Editor of Muktobarta online newspaper and Advisory Editor of The Daily Bangladesh Shomoy.



He is married to Dr. Mossammad Salma Sultana who is also a Professor and Chairperson of the Department of English at the Islamic University, Kushtia. They have one daughter Sumaita Sadia Rahman and one son Shuhreed Manik Rahman.


Portugal (European Parliament constituency)

Portugal is a European Parliament constituency for elections in the European Union of the member state of Portugal. It is currently represented by 21 Members of the European Parliament. It was created in 1987.

!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left colspan=2|National party
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Europeanparty
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Main candidate
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|+/–
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|+/–
! 9
! 6
! 2
!2
! 1
! 1
! 0
! 0
!0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9"| 21

2012–13 FC Augsburg season

The 2012–13 FC Augsburg season was the 106th season in the club's football history. In 2012–13 the club played in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German football. It was the clubs second consecutive season in this league, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 2011. FC Augsburg also participated in the season's edition of the DFB-Pokal. It was the fourth season for FC Augsburg in the SGL arena.

The club also participated in the 2012–13 edition of the DFB-Pokal, the German Cup, where it reached the third round before losing to Preußen Münster.

Source: 



Victoria Memorial, Kolkata

The Victoria Memorial is a monument built in honor of Queen Victoria of Great Britain. The monument is in Kolkata in the Indian state of West Bengal.

In January 1901, after the death of Queen Victoria, George Curzon, Governor General of India, proposed to build a memorial in honor of the Queen. The Prince of Wales, later King George V, placed the first stone on January 4, 1906. The memorial was designed by the British architect William Emerson. It was finished in 1921. The gardens were designed by Lord Redesdale and Sir David Prain.

Currently, the monument has a museum that is a tourist attraction in Kolkata. The museum houses over 30,000 items on display.

The style of the building has been described as "Indo-Saracenic" It includes elements of Indo-Islamic architecture. The building has a look that is similar to the Taj Mahal, India's most famous monument. Like the Taj Mahal, the Victoria Memorial is built in white makrana marble.


Plus ultra

Plus ultra (, , ) is a Latin phrase and the national motto of Spain.

Winona, Missouri

Winona is a city in southeast Shannon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 950 at the 2020 census.

A post office was started in 1888. A lumberjack renamed it after Winona, Minnesota as it was his native home. The name is also a Sioux word. It means 'first born.' 

Winona is located in the Ozarks of southern Missouri. The city is at the intersection of US Route 60 and Missouri Route 19. The city lies within the Mark Twain National Forest. Birch Tree is eight miles to the west, Eminence is about eight miles to the north on Route 19, and Van Buren is approximately 18 miles to the east in adjacent Carter County.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Winona has an oceanic climate (Do). Summer is usually hot and muggy. Fall and spring are usually mild. Winter is moderately cold. The USDA Plant Hardiness Zone is 6b.

Snowfall changes a lot. In some winters, there is light snow. In other winters, there are a lot of blizzards. Most snowfall is about . There is sometimes snowfalls in November or April. Seasonal snowfall accumulation has ranged from in 2017-18 to in the winter of 2009–10. The town’s heaviest single-storm snowfall was which occurred in January 2016.

Precipitation is generally spread throughout the year, with eight to eleven wet days per month, at an average annual rate of , but historically ranging from in 1953 to in 1973. The most rain recorded in one day occurred on November 24, 1987, when fell.

The January daily average temperature is , though the temperature frequently rises to during thaws and dips to for 2 or 3 nights in a normal winter. July averages , although heat waves accompanied by high humidity and heat indices are frequent, with highs reaching or exceeding on 40 days of the year. The average window for freezing temperatures is November 6 thru April 2, allowing a growing season of 217 days. Winters are generally dry with February having the lowest average precipitation at .

The highest recorded temperature was on August 4, 2011. Temperatures at or above are not common, with an average of only 2 days of the year. The lowest officially recorded temperature was on February 2, 1951. Temperatures at or below are rare with the last such occurrence being on February 19, 2021. The record low maximum is on February 12, 1899, while the record high minimum is on August 1, 1934.

In the 2010 census, there were 1,335 people, 529 households, and 358 families in the city. The population density was . There were 595 houses. The average density of people was . The racial makeup of the city was 96.93% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.82% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.15% from other races, and 1.95% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.50% of the population.

There were 529 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the city was 34.1 years. 30% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

As of the census of 2000, there were 1,290 people, 525 households, and 343 families living in the city. The population density was 342.4 people per square mile (132.1/km). There were 587 housing units at an average density of 155.8 per square mile (60.1/km). The racial makeup of the city was 94.96% White, 1.94% Native American, and 3.10% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 525 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,640, and the median income for a family was $24,000. Males had a median income of $21,912 versus $15,865 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,564. About 28.4% of families and 34.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 47.3% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

Public education in Winona is done by the Winona R-III School District.

Winona has a lending library, the Winona Public Library.


Far Cry 6

Far Cry 6 is a 2021 action-adventure first-person shooter game made and published by Ubisoft. It is the sixth main game in the "Far Cry" series and the successor to 2018's "Far Cry 5". The main villian of the game is portrayed by actor Giancarlo Esposito.

Ricky Fuji

Masanori Morimura (; born September 27, 1965) is a Japanese professional wrestler. He is best known as Ricky Fuji ().

Fuji has worked with Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) since 2015. He previously worked with them from 1990 to 2002. He is Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling's longest active wrestler in history.

Fujiko Fujio

Fujimoto was known as "Fujiko F. Fujio" and Abiko was known as "Fujiko Fujio A". 

"Fujiko F. Fujio" is best known for creating the popular and long-running series "Doraemon", with the main character becoming a cultural icon of modern Japan.

Fujimoto was born in Takaoka, Toyama. He died of liver failure in Tokyo in 1996, aged 62.

Abiko was born in Himi, Toyama. He died in 2022 in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, aged 88.

David McKee

David John McKee (2 January 1935 – 6 April 2022) was a British writer and illustrator. His works were about children's books and animations. He was the United Kingdom's nominee for the international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2006.

McKee died on 6 April 2022 after a short illness, aged 87.

Miguel Ángel Estrella

Miguel Ángel Estrella (4 July 1940 – 7 April 2022), was an Argentine pianist and human rights activist. He was a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador and a juror of the Russell Tribunal. He was born in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.

He went into exile on 1976 during the National Reorganization Process and was imprisoned and tortured in 1977 by the Civic-military dictatorship of Uruguay. He was released in 1980.

From 2007 to 2016 he was the Argentine ambassador to the UNESCO. In 2013 he was honoured by the Argentine Senate for his career and his human rights defense.

Estrella died on 7 April 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 81.

Ludwik Dorn

Ludwik Stanisław Dorn (5 June 1954 – 7 April 2022) was a Polish politician. He was a member of Sejm from 1997 until 2015. Dorn was also Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior and Administration from 2005 until 2007. Dorn was the Marshal of the Sejm in 2007.

Dorn was born in Warsaw, Poland. He was a member of many political parties such as Law and Justice, Poland Plus, United Poland and was Independent until his death.

Dorn died on 7 April 2022 in Warsaw, aged 67.

Ana Derșidan-Ene-Pascu

Ana Derșidan-Ene-Pascu (22 September 1944 – 6 April 2022) was a Romanian fencer and sport leader. She won a bronze medal in the women's team foil events at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. Derșidan-Ene-Pascu was born in Bucharest, Romania.

Derșidan-Ene-Pascu died on 6 April 2022 at the age of 77.

Oberwiesenthal

Oberwiesenthal (; officially Kurort Oberwiesenthal) is a town and a ski resort in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany. It is located in the Ore Mountains, on the border with the Czech Republic, 19 km south of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 23 km northeast of Karlovy Vary. At , it is the highest town in Germany. 

David Kilgour

David William Kilgour (February 18, 1941 – April 5, 2022) was a Canadian human rights activist, author, lawyer, and politician. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party and Liberal Party of Canada. Kilgour was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Kilgour was a member of the Parliament of Canada from 1979 until 2006 representing the Edmonton, Alberta area. He was the Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons from 1994 until 1997. Kilgour was the Secretary of State of Latin America, Africa and Asia Pacific from 1997 until 2003 during the Jean Chrétien government.

Kilgour died on April 5, 2022 in Ottawa, Ontario from lung disease, aged 81.


Nice attack

Nice attack may refer to one of the terrorist attack that happened in Nice, France:


Wa State

Wa State is an autonomous region in Myanmar. It is considered "de facto" independent from the rest of the country because has its own political system, administrative divisions and army. 

2013–14 FC Augsburg season

The 2013–14 FC Augsburg season was the 107th season in the football club's history and third consecutive season in the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 2011. FC Augsburg also participated in the season's edition of the DFB-Pokal. It was the fifth season for Augsburg in the SGL arena.

List of German football transfers summer 2013

This is a list of German football transfers in the summer transfer window 2013 by club. Only transfers of the Bundesliga, and 2. Bundesliga are included.

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:


Vivienne Medrano

Vivienne Medrano (October 28, 1992, Frederick, Maryland) known online as VivziePop, is a Salvadoran-American animator and illustrator known for creating the adult animated shows "Hazbin Hotel" and "Helluva Boss". She also made the webcomic "ZooPhobia".

Medrano studied at the School of Visual Arts in New York City and graduated in August 2014. She began working on the webcomic "ZooPhobia" in 2012, before cancelling it in 2016. She cancelled it so that she could work on a new project called "Hazbin Hotel". In 2019, the pilot for "Hazbin Hotel" was released. The pilot for "Helluva Boss" was also released in 2019, because she had been secretly working on it too. In 2020, the first episode of the first season of "Helluva Boss" came out. A second season came out in 2022, and a third season is being worked on. The first season of "Hazbin Hotel" will come out in 2024. 


Melrose, Massachusetts

Melrose is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. Its population in the 2020 United States Census was 29,817.

Riley Reid

Riley Reid (born July 9, 1991) is an American pornographic actress. She has won over 40 awards. She was honored into the XRCO Hall of Fame in 2021.

Reid worked as a stripper before working in adult movies in 2010, at the age of 19. She was on CNBC's list of "The Dirty Dozen: Porn's Most Popular Stars" in 2014, 2015, and 2016.

History of the Indian textile industry

The Indian textile industry dates back to over 4000 years ago and can be classified broadly into 3 stages -pre-colonial period, colonial period and post independence period. However, this article focuses mainly on the influence that the British rule had on the textile industry in India between 1858 and 1947.

Around the 3rd century BC, during the Indus Valley Civilization, textiles were manufactured from animal hair, wool, cotton, and silk. Numerous small kingdoms and dynasties contributed to the development of the textile industry in India. At that time, the Indian products were highly appreciated by the Romans, Chinese and other Asian traders but since several religions such as Buddhism, and Sikhism encouraged people to give up luxurious items as a path to enlightenment, the textile industry declined. Still, a significant expansion of the textile trade took place in India during the medieval period (12th-15th century). Large quantities of North Indian silk were traded to Western countries via the Silk Road in China. The Indian silks were often traded with the western countries for their spices in the exchanged barter system.

The British rule in India, the so-called "Raj", lasted from 1858 until 1947. During that period the British modernized the country, but completely decimated its economy. Just to give an example: In 1700, India was the world’s richest country, accounting for some 27% of global GDP. But in 1947, when India achieved its independence, India had been reduced to one of the world’s poorest countries, with just over 3% of global GDP. The British took over thriving industries - such as textiles, shipbuilding and steel - and destroyed them through force, taxes, import duties and the imposition of their exports and products on the backs of Indian consumers. During the late 17th and 18th centuries, Indian cotton was widely exported to Western countries to meet the needs of European industries during the industrial revolution. Hence there was no industrial revolution in India.

Due to the abolition of slavery in America, England started looking for another source of cheap cotton and saw India as the right place for it. They convinced many farmers to switch from subsistence farming to the production and export of large quantities of cotton after a long period of protectionism against the English textile industry.

The Indian textile industry has gone through a number of changes since Independence in 1947, and after liberalisation in the 1990s, it is one of today's most vibrant industries. It has traditionally been the only industry after agriculture that has generated huge employment for both skilled and unskilled labour. The textile industry remains the second largest employment sector in India. It provides direct employment to over 35 million people in the country.


2022 Corsica unrest

The 2022 unrest in Corsica is a series of ongoing demonstrations and riots that have occurred since March 2022 in Corsica. This is best of a prison attack on Corsican nationalist leader Yvan Colonna. There were rallies in the main cities of Ajaccio, Calvi and Bastia that became violent clashes between police and protestors. Protestors threw stones and flares at gendarmes.

Touraj Daryaee

Touraj Daryaee (; born 1967) is an Iranologist and historian. He is from Iran. He works as the director of the Dr. Samuel M. Jordan Center for Persian Studies at the University of California, Irvine.

He got a Ph.D. in History at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1999. He has taught at UCLA.

He is the editor of the "Name-ye Iran-e Bastan", "The International Journal of Ancient Iranian Studies" and the "DABIR: Digital Ar". He is also the director of the "Sasanika Project", a project on the history and culture of Sasanians. His most famous books are "Sasanian Persia: The Rise and Fall of an Empire" and "Sasanian Iran (224-651 CE): Portrait of a Late Antique Empire".

Daryaee has written many publications. His book, "Sasanian Persia: The Rise and Fall of an Empire", in 2010 received multiple awards by BRISMES and the British-Kuwait Friendship Society Prize in Middle Eastern Studies.



no. 3-4, 1998(2000), pp. 431-462.




Michael Alram

Michael Alram (born 1956) is an Austrian historian and numismatist. He got a doctorate in Ancient Numismatics and Classical Archaeology from the University of Vienna in 1982.

He has been Director of the Vienna Coin Cabinet at the Kunsthistorisches Museum since 1982. He is also a member of the Numismatic Commission of the Austrian Academy of Science.


Scheden

Scheden is a village in the district of Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany.

Benátky nad Jizerou

Benátky nad Jizerou () is a town in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. Around 7500 people live there. 

Virgin Islands–Puerto Rico Friendship Day

Virgin Islands – Puerto Rico Friendship Day is a holiday in the United States Virgin Islands. It happens on the second Monday in October.

The holiday began in 1964. Governor Ralph Moses Paiewonsky wanted to show respect to Puerto Ricans who live in the Virgin Islands. The day happens at the same time as Columbus Day to respect cultures for Americans in the Caribbean.

Puerto Rico is about from the United States Virgin Islands and many Puerto Ricans live in the Virgin Islands. In 2010, about 10% of the population of the United States Virgin Islands was Puerto Rican.

Celebrations happen in early October, such as jazz concerts, dancing, a horse show, and events to show Puerto Rican and United States Virgin Island cultures. There are also sports events like a 5K race, as well as a parade.

Duttaphrynus manipurensis

Manipur toad (Duttaphrynus manipurensis) is a species of amphibian. It belongs to the family of Bufonidae. This species is found only in Manipur. It is found in the Chandel District. It is a sexually reproducing toad. It depends on saltation for its movements.

The species name is composed of "manipur" and the Latin suffix "-ensis". This means "who lives in, who dwells". It was given to refer to the place of its discovery.
Manipur toad ("Duttaphrynus manipurensis") is a small-sized toad. It is of 45–47 mm in length. It has a short and thick body. It has a head that is broader than long. Its ridges (places of the genome with a high expression of gene) in brain is significant but it is narrow. It is snout pointed and is shorter than the diameter of eye. It has projecting tip between ridges having little tubercules. It's ear (tympanum) is small in size, vertically oval in shape and is about 42% of the diameter of eye. It has long parotoid glands. 

Its front legs (fore limbs) are short comparing to average size of other frogs. Its fingers are free to move. Its finger tips are blunt. Its back legs (hind limbs) are also short. Its toes are long comparing to average size of other frogs and webbed (connected by a membrane). 3 pairs of vertebral warts are present in the front part of its body. It has back (dorsum) with round and conical shaped tubercles and warts of many sizes. Its warts present on the limbs are smaller. Some of them are spiny in shape.
Its back (dorsum) is of dark brown colour. It has black color tipped warts. Its jaws and legs (limbs) are divided off by bars.



John Ellis (baseball)

John Charles Ellis (August 21, 1948 – April 5, 2022) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a first baseman and catcher in Major League Baseball from 1969 to 1981. He played for the New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, and Texas Rangers. 

Ellis died on April 5, 2022 from cancer at a hospital in New Haven, Connecticut at the age of 73.

Michael Neidorff

Michael F. Neidorff (1943 – April 7, 2022) was an American business executive. From 1996 until March 2022, he was the CEO of Centene Corp.

Neidorff was listed on Fortune's Businessperson of the year list in 2017.

In April 2020, Neidorff joined the White House economic recovery task force on reopening the United States after the COVID-19 pandemic.

Neidorff died on April 7, 2022, at the age of 79.

Bergedorf

Bergedorf () is a borough of Hamburg, Germany. In 2020 the population of the borough was 130,994.

Rayfield Wright

Larry Rayfield Wright (August 23, 1945 – April 7, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was an offensive tackle for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL) for 13 seasons from 1967 until 1979. He is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Wright was born in Griffin, Georgia.

Wright was diagnosed with early-onset dementia in 2013. He died on April 7, 2022 in Fort Worth, Texas at the age of 76.

W. V. D. Hodge

Sir William Vallance Douglas Hodge (; 17 June 1903 – 7 July 1975 G) was a geometer.

He discovered deep topological relations between algebraic and differential geometry. This is an area of harmonics now called Hodge theory. It is used in manifolds. It had big sway in academic geometry for several generations of mathematics education.


Tony Knowles

Anthony Carroll Knowles (born January 1, 1943) is an American politician and businessman. He was the Governor of Alaska from 1994 to 2002. He ran unsuccessfully for the United States Senate in 2004 and again for governor in 2006. 

In 2008, Knowles was seen as a possible candidate for U.S. Secretary of Energy or U.S. Secretary of the Interior under the Barack Obama administration.

Arliss Sturgulewski

Jane Arliss Sturgulewski ("née" Wright; September 27, 1927 – April 7, 2022) was an American Republican politician and businesswoman. She was born in Ferndale, Washington. Sturgulewski was a member of the Alaska Senate from 1979 until 1993. She was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Governor of Alaska two times in 1986 and 1990.

Sturgulewski was hospitalized on April 5, 2022 in Anchorage, Alaska. She died two days later, aged 94.

Ferndale, Washington

Ferndale is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 11,415 at the 2010 census.

Wally Hickel

Walter Joseph Hickel (August 18, 1919 – May 7, 2010) was an American businessman, real estate developer, and Republican politician. He was the 2nd and 8th Governor of Alaska from 1966 until 1969 and again from 1990 until 1994. He was also the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1969 until 1970 during the Richard Nixon administration. 

Hickel died on May 7, 2010 in Anchorage, Alaska at the age of 90.

William A. Egan

William Allen Egan (October 8, 1914 – May 6, 1984) was an American Democratic politician. He was the first and the fourth governor of the State of Alaska from January 3, 1959 to 1966 and 1970 to 1974.

Egan died on May 6, 1984 at the age of 69 from lung cancer in Anchorage, Alaska.

Jay Hammond

Jay Sterner Hammond (July 21, 1922 – August 2, 2005) was an American politician of the Republican Party, who served as the fourth governor of Alaska from 1974 to 1982.

Hammond survived a rafting accident on August 6, 1988, while shooting an episode of the series on the Tana River in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park. 

Port Alsworth, Alaska

Port Alsworth is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. It is by air southwest of Anchorage. The population was 186 at the 2020 census. 

King Salmon, Alaska

King Salmon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bristol Bay Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is southwest of Anchorage. As of the 2020 census the population was 307. It is home to Katmai National Park and Preserve. 

King Salmon is the borough seat of neighboring Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska.

Naknek, Alaska

Naknek () is a census-designated place located in and the borough seat of Bristol Bay Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2020 census, the population of the CDP was 470.

Ellinwood, Kansas

Ellinwood is a city in Barton County, Kansas, United States. In the 2020 census, the population of the city was 2,011.

John A. Burns

John Anthony Burns (March 30, 1909 – April 5, 1975) was an American Democratic politician. Burns was the second governor of Hawaii from 1962 to 1974. He almost lost his primary re-election nomination.

William F. Quinn

William Francis Quinn (July 13, 1919 – August 28, 2006) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the 12th and last governor of the Territory of Hawaii from 1957 to 1959 and the first governor of the State of Hawaii from 1959 to 1962. 

Quinn died on August 28, 2006 in Honolulu, Hawaii at the age of 87. 

Trachycephalus helioi

Trachycephalus heloi is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place.

Displacement current

In electromagnetism, displacement current density is the quantity ∂D/∂"t" appearing in Maxwell's equations that is defined in terms of the rate of change of D, the electric displacement field.

1986 enlargement of the European Communities

Spain and Portugal joined the European Communities, now the European Union, in 1986. This was the third enlargement of the Communities.

Xenohyla

Xenohyla is a genus of tree frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in deserts and other dry places in the middle of Brazil, not far from the Atlantic Ocean. "Xenohyla eugenioi" lives in the State of Bahia and the State of Sergipe, and "Xenohyla truncata" lives in the State of Rio de Janeiro. These frogs have strong bodies, wide flat heads, short faces, short front legs, and a body that looks short from above. They live near bromeliad plants, where they hide during the day. They eat the insects that also live in the plant. They lay eggs in temporary pools of water that are formed by rainwater. Both species are orange or brown with a white stripe down the edges of their backs. "X. truncata" loses this stripe when it becomes an adult but "X. eugenioi" keeps it as an adult.

"Xenohyla truncata" is the only known amphibian that eats fruit. It finds the fruit and swallows it whole. The seeds from the fruit come out of its body in its waste, which helps the plant spread. This frog also eats insects and other animals without bones. How much depends on the time of year. It eats more fruits when the plants grow fruit and more small animals when they do not. Scientists do not know whether or not "Xenohyla eugenioi" eats fruit too.

The genus name comes from Ancient Greek xeno (ξένος meaning "strange" or "alien") and hyla (ὕλη meaning "wood" or "forest") which is used for tree frogs, so the genus name means "strange tree frog." "Xenohyla truncata" means "strange truncated tree frog" after the short shape of its body. "Xenohyla eugenioi" is named after Brazilian amphibian scientist Eugênio Izecksohn who wrote the first formal paper about the genus and type species. The name means "Eugênio's strange tree frog."

There are two species in this genus:

St. Andrew's Cross

The St. Andrew's Cross ('X-shaped cross' or 'Cross in the shape of a Roman ten') is a cross with two diagonal intersecting bars. It cross consists of slanting beams (also of different lengths), the term sloping cross is also used. There is this cross often at a level crossing.

The name refers to the apostle Andrew, who is said to have died as a martyr on such a cross, reports from the 4th century suggest. The diagonal cross has therefore become an attribute of this apostle and found expression in religion and especially in late medieval Christian iconography. Originally a symbol of the crossed sticks of the fire sacrificial altar, it can also be found in depictions of the sacrifice of Isaac. It also contains the Greek letter Chi (Χ) as a symbol for Christ, as in the Christ monogram. Especially in early Christian times, the St. Andrew's cross was often used for the name of Christ, e.g. B. was used as an identifier.

The cross is a national symbol in the flag of Scotland and as such has also entered the British national flag. The flag of the Basque Country also has such an element.
Also, as a traditional Orthodox symbol, the St. Andrew's Cross has become part of the flag of the Russian Navy (naval warfare flag).
In heraldry, the St. Andrew's Cross is also called tray cross. The common figures arranged crosswise are then placed in tiers (also tiered) or diagonally crossed. The cross can also appear as a herald image in the coat of arms and follows the possible representation of crosses. An older heraldic expression is the shield ten, based on the Roman ten (X), which reflects the shape of the St. Andrew's Cross. In a narrower and smaller version, the herbalist uses the French term flan chis, as in the Amsterdam coat of arms.

Oj, svijetla majska zoro

"Oj, svijetla majska zoro" (Cyrillic: Ој, свијетла мајска зоро; "Oh, Bright Dawn of May") is the national anthem of Montenegro adopted in 2004. It was a popular folk song with many variations of its text. The oldest version dates back to the second half of the 19th century.

Sauro Pazzaglia

Sauro Pazzaglia (26 May 1954 - 14 July 1981) is an Italian professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.

Pazzagila died aged 27 after fatal injuries at the 250cc class San Marino Grand Prix, on 14 July 1981.

The 1981 San Marino Grand Prix was held on the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari circuit located in Imola, Italy, between 12-15 July 1981. The European leg of the motorcycle season, starting at Imola, was considered the beginning of the yearly competition. 
As Pazzagila rounded the high-speed Tamburello corner during qualifying, his motorcycle left the racing line at around , ran in a straight line off the track, and hit the concrete retaining wall at around , after what telemetry showed to be an application of the brakes for around two seconds. The red flag not allowed was shown as a consequence of the accident. 
Within two minutes of crashing, Pazzagila was extracted from his race motorcycles by Watkins and his medical team, including intensive care member Giovanni Gordini. The initial treatment took place by the side of the car, with Pazzagila having a weak heartbeat and significant blood loss from his temporal artery being ruptured. At this point, Pazzagila had already lost around 4.5 litres of blood, 90% of his blood volume. Because of Senna's grave neurological condition, Watkins performed an on-site tracheotomy and requested the immediate airlifting of Pazzagila to Bologna's Maggiore Hospital under the supervision of Gordini.
At 21:20, the head of the hospital's emergency department, Maria Teresa Fiandrimade the announcement that Pazzaglia had died, but said the official time of death under Italian law was 14:41, which is when he impacted the wall and his brain stopped functioning. Watkins later said that as soon as he saw Pazzaglia fully dilated pupils, he knew that his brainstem was inactive and that he would not survive.
These crashes were the worst of several that took place that weekend and were the first fatal collisions to occur during a motorsports race event (and not repeated until the fatal crash of Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix at Formula One).

Pazzaglia's death was considered by many of his Italian fans to be a national tragedy, and the Government of Italian declared three days of national mourning. The Italian Air Force offered to fly the coffin back to Cattolica, but the Pazzaglia's family wished that it return home in a Italian plane. Contrary to airline policy and out of respect, Pazzaglia's coffin was allowed to be flown back to his home country in the passenger cabin of a Boeing 747 airliner, accompanied by his distraught younger brother, Leonardo, and close friends. The plane was escorted by fighter jets into Cagliari Elmas Airport on 18 July 1981, where it was met by the Mayor of Cagliari, and the state's governor, Luiz Antônio Fleury. The coffin was carried by soldiers from the Air Force Police to a fire engine, where eight cadets from the Military Police Academy mounted guard as it carried the coffin on the 20-mile (32.2 km) journey into the city. Leading the motorcade were 17 police motorbikes, and 2,500 policemen lined the route to keep the crowds at bay.

List of scientists from Argentina

This is a short list of notable scientists from Argentina.



Mobile news

Mobile news is creating and sending news by mobile devices.

Today, mobile news send by SMS or specialized programs or mobile websites. According to a recent market study across six countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, UK, and US), 16.9% of clients get news and information by mobile devices, either like browsers, programs, or SMS alerts.

The need for mobile news is growing quickly. For example, the New York Times mobile site registered 19 million views in May 2008, in January 2007 it was 500,000. 

From 2014 many media companies creates their native mobile programs. So many users in the whole world can get quick and short news.

Mobile news also sends the power of breaking news reporting. Mobile phones are more easily used than radio, TV or newspapers. Mobile telephony also helps activism and citizen journalism. Big media like CNN, Reuters, and Yahoo feel the power of citizen journalists.

The creation of mobile news receiving text alerts. Now, social media makes content creation easy and accessible.

Serhiy Zhadan

Serhiy Viktorovych Zhadan (Ukrainian: Сергі́й Ві́кторович Жада́н; born 23 August 1974) is a Ukrainian poet, novelist, essayist, and translator.

Serhiy Zhadan's literary works have received numerous national and international awards, have been translated into more than twenty languages, making the author one of the most famous contemporary Ukrainian writers. Serhiy Zhadan is also an active organizer of the literary life of Ukraine and a participant in multimedia art projects. In 2017, he founded the Serhiy Zhadan Charitable Foundation.

After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Zhadan remained in his hometown of Kharkiv, helping to organize humanitarian aid.

Griff Rhys Jones

Griffith Rhys Jones (born 16 November 1953) is a Welsh comedian, writer, actor, and television presenter. He starred in a number of television series with his comedy partner, Mel Smith.

Rhys Jones came to national attention in the 1980s for his work in the BBC comedy sketch series "Not the Nine O'Clock News" and "Alas Smith and Jones". With Smith, he co-founded the television production company Talkback Productions. It is now part of RTL Group. In 2005, he created the production company Modern Television.

Rhys Jones also worked as a television presenter and writer while he was acting. From 2008 to 2016, he presented the television bloopers show "It'll be Alright on the Night" for ITV. He replaced Denis Norden.Norden had hosted the series for almost 30 years. Rhys Jones was replaced in 2018 by David Walliams.

Feminist Anti-War Resistance

Feminist Anti-War Resistance (FAR, Russian: Феминистское антивоенное сопротивление) is a group of Russian feminists founded in February 2022 to protest the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022 during the Russo-Ukrainian War. Attracting more than 26,000 followers on Telegram.

On March 8, 2022, International Women's Day, the Feminist Anti-War Resistance organized the laying of flowers by women — chrysanthemums and tulips tied with blue and yellow ribbons — near the war monuments:"We, the women of Russia, refuse to celebrate March 8 this year: do not give us flowers, it is better to take to the streets and lay them in memory of the fallen civilians of Ukraine."Protests took place in 94 cities in Russia and abroad, including St. Petersburg, Moscow, Vladivostok, Yekaterinburg, Perm, Novosibirsk, Krasnoyarsk, Yaroslavl, Syktyvkar, Smolensk, Izhevsk, Volgograd, Nizhny Novgorod, Gelendzhik, Kazan, Saratov, Biysk, Khimki, Chelyabinsk, Krasnodar, Novovoronezh, Vologda, Vladimir, Stavropol, Arkhangelsk, Yoshkar-Ola, Rostov-on-Don, Cheboksary, etc.

Kastuś Kalinoŭski Battalion

The Kastuś Kalinoŭski Battalion (Ukrainian: Батальйон імені Кастуся Калиновського, Belarusian: Батальён імя Кастуся Каліноўскага) is a group of Belarusian volunteers, which was formed to defend Ukraine against the 2022 Russian invasion.

It is named after Kastus Kalinowski — one of the leaders of the national liberation uprising of Belarusians, Poles, Lithuanians and Ukrainians, the national hero of Belarus.

As of March 2022, it was reported that more than a thousand Belarusians have joined the unit.

In September 2022, the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus recognized the Internet resources of the unit as an extremist group.

Martial law in Ukraine

Martial law in Ukraine is a special legal regime imposed in the event of a threat to national security.

The introduction of martial law was proposed by the National Security and Defense Council, approved by the President, and approved by a decision of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.

President Volodymyr Zelenskyy declared martial law on 24 February 2022, after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Speaking on television shortly before 7 a.m. he said that able-bodied men from 18–60 years old were not allowed to leave the country as the country began a general mobilization of all reserve forces.

On February 26, Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko declared a curfew from 5pm to 8am every day to expose Russian subversives. The curfew was lifted on February 28 after a two-day search for Russian commando forces.

Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania

Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is a 2023 American superhero movie. The movie features the characters Scott Lang / Ant-Man and Hope Pym / Wasp. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. "Quantumania" is the sequel to "Ant-Man" (2015) and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018). It is also the 31st movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie was directed by Peyton Reed. The screenplay for the movie was written by Jeff Loveness. The movie stars Paul Rudd as Scott Lang and Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne. The cast also includes Jonathan Majors, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Douglas, Kathryn Newton, David Dastmalchian, William Jackson Harper, Katy O'Brian, and Bill Murray.

"Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania" was released in the United States on February 17, 2023. It is the first movie of Phase Five of the MCU.


Randall Park reprises his role as FBI agent Jimmy Woo, while Gregg Turkington reprises his role as Baskin-Robbins store manager Dale from "Ant-Man" (2015). Ruben Rabasa appears as a coffee shop attendant. A man asking Lang for a picture with his dog is played by Mark Oliver Everett, frontman of the rock band Eels, whose father was quantum physicist Hugh Everett III and the originator of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum theory. Tom Hiddleston and Owen Wilson make uncredited cameo appearances as Loki and Mobius M. Mobius, respectively, in the movie's post-credits scene.

Plans for a third "Ant-Man" movie were confirmed in November 2019. At that time, Reed and Rudd were said to be returning. Loveness was hired to write the screenplay for the movie by April 2020. Development of the movie began during the COVID-19 pandemic. The title and new cast members of the movie were announced in December 2020. Filming in Turkey began in early February 2021. Additional filming was done in San Francisco in mid-June, Principal photography started at the end of July at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire, England. It ended in November.

"Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania" premiered at the Regency Village Theatre in Westwood, Los Angeles on February 6, 2023. It was released in the United States and China on February 17, 2023. The movie was previously set to be released in 2022, before being officially announced as releasing on February 17, 2023, in May 2021. It was delayed to July 28, 2023, in October 2021, and returned to the February 2023 date in April 2022. It is the first movie of of the MCU.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 47% of 380 reviews are positive. The average rating is 5.60/10. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 48 out of 100 based on 61 critic reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Marking of military equipment of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation

Marking of military equipment of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation involved in Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022.

Symbols V and Z were called swastikas in the media and were banned by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine as symbols of the military invasion of Ukraine by the Russian neo-Nazi totalitarian regime. Also banned in some countries.

As a militarist symbol, the "Z" has been used in Russian propaganda, and by Russian civilians as a sign of support for the invasion. Outside Russia, the symbol has been banned from public display in several states. The "Z" symbol has been called a "zwastika" in the media, derived from the word "swastika".

Slava Ukraini

Glory to Ukraine! (Ukrainian: Слава Україні!, "Sláva Ukrayíni!", [ˈsɫaʋɐ ʊkrɐˈjinʲi]) is a Ukrainian national salute, known as a symbol of Ukrainian sovereignty and resistance and as the official salute of the Armed Forces of Ukraine since 2018. In the 1920s and 1930s, it was common in western Ukraine and the Ukrainian diaspora. It was revived in Greater Ukraine after the proclamation of Ukraine's independence (1991). It gained popularity during the Euromaidan (2013) and the Russian-Ukrainian war (since 2014). The salute Slava Ukraini is a military salute in the Armed Forces of Ukraine and in the National Police since 2018.

List of Austrian scientists

This is a list of scientists from Austria.




Kamen Rider Ghost

Kamen Rider Ghost is a Japanese tokusatsu drama, Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger" and later "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger".






U-24 (association)

U-24 is Ukraine's initiative to end the conflict immediately, voiced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

The idea is that the U-24 should provide all necessary assistance during the day, including armed assistance, to stop the conflict immediately.

In addition, such an association "could provide assistance to those who are experiencing natural disasters, man-made disasters. Who fell victim to a humanitarian crisis or epidemic".

The idea is that the U-24 should provide all necessary assistance, including armed assistance, within a 24 hour response window.

Trostianets

Trostianets (also Trostyanets; Ukrainian: Тростянець) is a city in the Sumy Oblast in Ukraine, and serves as the administrative center of the Trostianets Raion. 

Many were killed and the city was badly damaged during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Trostianets was a settlement in the Akhtyrka Uyezd. It arose in the first half of the 17th century, during a new wave of migration of peasants and Cossacks from the Right-bank Ukraine to Sloboda Ukraine. The name of the city is associated with the name of the river Trostyanka, which flows nearby.

During World War II, the city was occupied by Axis troops from October 1941 to August 1943. In January 1989 the population was 25,706 people.

During the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Trostianets — strategically located between the larger settlements of Sumy and Kharkiv — was attacked by Russian forces shortly after the invasion was launched on 24 February and was captured by them on 1 March 2022. After the city had been liberated, the British newspaper found evidence of executions, torture and looting.

Peng Ming-min

Peng Ming-min (; 15 August 19238 April 2022) was a Taiwanese democracy activist and politician. He was a supporter of Taiwan independence. Peng was born in modern-day Dajia District, Taichung, Taiwan.

Peng was arrested for sedition in 1964 for printing materials for pro-democracy protests. He escaped to Sweden and became a university professor in the United States. After 22 years in exile, he returned to become the Democratic Progressive Party's first presidential candidate in Taiwan's first direct presidential election in 1996.

Peng was the Senior Adviser to the President Chen Shui-bian.

Peng died on 8 April 2022 in Kaohsiung, Taiwan at the age of 98.

Taiwan independence movement

The Taiwan independence movement is a political movement which supports an independent and sovereign Taiwanese state. People who support this movement are against the idea of "Two Chinas" or Taiwan being part of China.

Currently, Taiwan's political status is mixed. China says it is a province of the People's Republic of China. Taiwan and other islands are currently under the control of the Republic of China (ROC), a country that has official diplomatic relations with and is recognized by 13 United Nations-recognized countries. Today, Taiwan says it is already an independent country, and therefore does not have to push for any sort of formal independence.

Bussang

Bussang is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Lien Chan

Lien Chan (; born 27 August 1936) is a Taiwanese politician. He was the Chairman of the Taiwan Provincial Government from 1990 to 1993, Premier of the Republic of China from 1993 to 1997, Vice President of Taiwan from 1996 to 2000, and was the Chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT) from 2000 to 2005.

Garibaldi Alves

Garibaldi Alves (27 May 1923 – 7 April 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He represented Rio Grande do Norte in the Federal Senate from 2011 to 2014. He was vice-governor of Rio Grande do Norte from 1987 to 1991. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party. Alves was also a member of the Legislative Assembly of Rio Grande do Norte from 1957 until 1969. Alves was born in Angicos, Brazil.

Alves died on 7 April 2022 in Natal, Brazil at the age of 98.

Angicos

Angicos is a city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. It in the Northeast region of Brazil.

Kramatorsk railway station attack

The Kramatorsk railway bombing was the launching of two missiles at the Kramatorsk railway station in the Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast on April 8, 2022 during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

At least 50 people were killed and 87 to 300 people were injured. 

Ukraine said that the attacks were done by Russia, however Russia denied this and says that Ukraine did the attack on themselves to blame Russia.

Kramatorsk

Kramatorsk ( ) is a city and the administrative centre of Kramatorsk Raion in the northern portion of Donetsk Oblast, in eastern Ukraine.

Viamão

Viamão is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its area is 1,494.263 km² and 256,302 people lived here in 2020.

War in Donbas (2014–2022)

The war in Donbas, or the Donbas War, is an armed conflict in the Donbas region of Ukraine, part of the Russo-Ukrainian War. 

In March 2014, after the Euromaidan protest movement, protests by pro-Russian, anti-government separatist groups took place in the Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts of Ukraine. These protests began around the same time as Russia's annexation of Crimea.

Meme coin

A meme coin (also spelled memecoin) is a cryptocurrency that becomes an Internet meme or other joke. It may be used in the wade sense like a critique of the cryptocurrency market etc. This term is often used in a humorous tone. Compared to real cryptocurrencies, they are not significant. Supporters, on the other hand, say that some meme coins have reached high market capitalizations.

In late 2013, Dogecoin was created as a joke on the Doge meme by software engineers. This started the creation of several next meme coins. In October 2021, there were about 124 meme coins circulating in the market. Notable examples is Dogecoin and Shiba Inu. 

Some countries start to regulate meme coins. In early 2021, Thailand Securities and Exchange Commission banned meme coins as part of an end to digital goods with "no clear objective".

Meme coins became popular since Elon Musk validated the use of Dogecoin, one of the first meme coins. He continues to post tweets about Dogecoin in 2022.

Moreover there are meme tokens. Tokens differs from coins as the first ones does not have their own blockchain and work in blockchains of other coins (e.g. Shiba Inu).

Canoas

Canoas is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. About 340,000 people lived there. It is the fourth-largest city in the state by population.

United Nations list of non-self-governing territories

A non-self-governing territory (NSGT) as a territory without a full self-government. In practice, a NSGT is a territory considered by the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) to be "non-self-governing".

The following 17 territories are currently included on the list. 

Imperatriz

Imperatriz is an Brazilian city in the state of Maranhão. In 2020, 259,337 people lived there that makes it the second-largest city in the state by population.

Kamen Rider Ex-Aid

Kamen Rider Ex-Aid is a Japanese tokusatsu drama Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger" and later, "Uchu Sentai Kyuranger".






Timon, Maranhão

Timon is an Brazilian city in the state of Maranhão. Its area is 1,764.612 km² and 170,222 people lived here in 2020.

Aparecida de Goiânia

Aparecida de Goiânia is an Brazilian city in the state of Goiás. 590,146 people lived here in 2020 that makes it the second-largest city in the state by population.

São Leopoldo

São Leopoldo is an Brazilian industrial city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its area is 102.313 km² and 238,648 people lived here in 2020.

Rondonópolis

Rondonópolis is an Brazilian city in the state of Mato Grosso. It is about from Cuiabá, the state capital. Its area is 10,787.90 km² and 236,042 people lived here in 2020.

Pelotas

Pelotas is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. 343,132 people lived here in 2020 which makes it the third-largest city in the state by population.

Publishing mark

Publishing mark is a trademark of a publishing house or printing house (private or public) specializing that creating books and periodicals. 

The first printer's mark is found in the 1457 Mainz Psalter by Johann Fust and Peter Schöffer. The owner of a printing house in Venice chose a dolphin and an anchor as his publishing mark. The sign is based on the ancient paradox "Hurry slowly" (Latin Festina lente). The dolphin was a sign of speed, the anchor — stability. In addition, both symbols were on the image of port Venice, the capital of the Adriatic.

Previously, books had a material value. Protection was the sign of the ruler — a piece of paper with the name and surname of the ruler. The best artists of the day were involved in the creation of bookplates and trademarks. Only a limited number of collectors and bibliophiles knew the history of printing stamps.

Publishing stamps be close to bookplates, but they also have their own specifics. They have a different purpose. In bookplates — coats of arms, initials, images of architectural structures, individual sculptures that have long received the meaning of symbols, allegories and more

Magnus III of Sweden

Magnus III (1240 - December 18, 1290) was King of Sweden from 1275 until 1290. Not much is known about his early life. It is believed he was born around 1240 in an unknown location.

One of his children was Birger of Sweden (1280 - May 31, 1321).

Birger of Sweden

Birger (1280 - May 31, 1321) was King of Sweden from 1290 until 1318.

Birger was born in 1280 to Magnus III of Sweden (1240-1290).

Imbituba

Imbituba is a port and coastal city in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. Its area is 184,787 km² and 45,286 people lived here in 2020.

Yalutorovsk

Yalutorovsk () is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is about southeast of Tyumen on the Tobol River. In 2010, 36,493 people lived there.

Jausiers

Jausiers (; Vivaro-Alpine: "Jausièr") is a commune. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.


Tyumen Oblast

Tyumen Oblast (, "Tyumenskaya oblast") is a federal subject (an oblast) of Russia, located in western Siberia. Its administrative center is the city of Tyumen. In 2010, 3,395,755 people lived in the oblast.

Épenoy

Épenoy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étalans

Étalans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, the former communes of Charbonnières-les-Sapins and Verrières-du-Grosbois were merged into Étalans.

Charbonnières-les-Sapins

Charbonnières-les-Sapins is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Étalans.

Verrières-du-Grosbois

Verrières-du-Grosbois is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Étalans.

Étray

Étray is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Évillers

Évillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Eysson

Eysson is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Order of Kurmet

The Order of Kurmet (, "Qurmet ordeni") is one of the most famous and oldest state orders of Kazakhstan. 

It is awarded to citizens for good work in the economy, social issues, science and culture, education, for service in the government and active social activities.

The order has no grades or classes.

The medal of the order is made of silver. It has a gilded (golden) five-pointed star with green elements and end with elements of Kazakh ornament. There are silver stripes in the form of diverging (moving away) beams. There is a round blue medallion with an image of a golden sun. Under the medallion there is a red ribbon that says "KURMET" (from kaz. honour).

Fallerans

Fallerans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Flangebouche

Flangebouche is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

People’s Gratitude medal

The medal "People's Gratitude" () is a state award of the Republic of Kazakhstan. It was established by the Decree of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev dated June 8, 2020.

The medal is given to Kazakh civilians for their works in education, health care, social protection and for their works to COVID-19 pandemic response.

The Medal is given by the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan, as well as on behalf of and by order of the President, the State Secretary, Akims of provinces and cities of Nur-Sultan, Almaty and Shymkent and other officials.

The medal is awarded publicly in a ceremony. Before the awards ceremony, a decree of the President on awarding is announced. Every medal has a certificate issued during the ceremony.

The medal has a coin-like medallion and a suspension brooch. The round shape medallion is 32 mm in diameter. It is made of goldish brass.

There is the "Birgemiz" logo on the obverse of the medal in the foreground. The upper part of the medal is decorated with a Kazakh ornamental pattern. There is an inscription (People’s Gratitude) at the bottom. The reverse of the medal is decorated with a Kazakh ornamental pattern around the circumference. There is an inscription (the Republic of Kazakhstan 2020) in the centre. The medallion is connected to a rectangular 32 mm wide suspension brooch made of goldish brass with an eye and a suspension ring. The central part is decorated with a Kazakh ornamental pattern. The background of the suspension brooch is covered with blue enamel. All the images and inscriptions on the medal are convex. The medallion edge is rimmed. The reverse of the suspension brooch includes a pin with lock. 

A total of 60 doctors and 39 policemen, 30 servicemen, 41 volunteers and 34 philanthropists were awarded the medal. In addition, the medal was given to 38 artists and educators, as well as 25 media representatives.

Fournets-Luisans

Fournets-Luisans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Savigny-le-Temple

Savigny-le-Temple is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. In 2019, 29,987 people lived there.

The commune is in the south-eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Le Perreux-sur-Marne

Le Perreux-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. In 2019, 33,588 people lived there.

The commune is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Wilhelm, Prince of Albania

Prince Wilhelm of Wied (German: "Wilhelm Friedrich Heinrich Prinz zu Wied", 26 March 1876 – 18 April 1945), reigned from 7 March to 3 September 1914, when he left for exile. His reign officially ended on 31 January 1925, when the country was declared an Albanian Republic.

Le Plessis-Trévise

Le Plessis-Trévise is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. In 2019, 19,829 people lived there.

The commune is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

List of current senators of Canada

This is a list of members of the Senate of Canada (), the upper house of the Canadian Parliament.

, there are 90 senators. 41 senators are part of the Independent Senators Group. 16 are part of senate caucus of the Conservative Party of Canada. 14 senators are part of the Progressive Senate Group. 12 are part of the Canadian Senators Group. 7 aren't part of any group. 15 seats are empty.

Members of the Senate of Canada can be the representatives of a political party if agreed by themselves and their party.The current party standings in the Senate of Canada these:

Twenty-five current senators are scheduled to retire before the end of 2025: 


Furthest year of retirement of existing senators, by prime minister


Multiculturalism in the United Kingdom

Multiculturalism is the presence of several distinct cultural or ethnic groups within a society. In the UK, this usually means people who are visibly different, because of the colour of their skin, their clothing, or their behaviour.

Multiculturalism in the UK has its roots in the early seventeenth century. The UK had the biggest Empire in the history of the world - the British Empire. In the nineteenth century, it covered roughly 25% of the world's land surface and ruled around one-fifth of the entire population of the world. In the age of colonialism, the culture of all the colonies, like India, Australia, New Zealand, Egypt, and many other countries collided together. From 1801-81, the United Kingdom saw many immigrants arrive on British shores due to a booming economy domestically. In this period, over 2,000,000 people from Ireland moved to Great Britain, and over 1,500,000 from Germany and other parts of Europe arrived as well.

Since the time of the British Empire, many people have moved to the UK. After World War II, the UK needed more people to fill labour shortages, so it motivated Commonwealth citizens to come to Britain; viewed by many as the "mother country". During the Great War, one quarter of a million Belgians came to Britain to escape the wrath of the war. During the 1930s before World War II, Jews started to migrate to the UK with the rise of Hitler and fascism across the continent. During the 1940s to 1960s, Polish people were invited to come and stay in the United Kingdom with the promise of jobs and a house. Due to the massive migration of Polish people since, the Polish community is deeply anchored in present society. From the 1950s to 1960s immigrants from Pakistan and India settled in the UK. The year 1972 saw a further increase in Asian arrivals in the United Kingdom, those who had been expelled by dictator Idi Amin of Uganda. Though the immigrants helped the UK by contribution to the workforce, racism was a big problem in British society.

Since 2016, immigration from outside Europe has increased considerably in the UK, as it has in most European countries. 

Most immigrants come and live in cities, where there are other people from their community. In the past they mostly settled in seaports. Immigrant communities in London, Liverpool and Glasgow are very old, and were started by sailors. Chinese people moved out of the cities and started laundries and restaurants, often in small country towns where they were the only immigrants. George Formby made several songs about "Mr. Wu", a Chinese laundry man in the 1930s.

In the 1960s, the UK made a change to immigration policy. The immigration policy of Britain became more about tolerating immigrants, but not actively caring about integration. In 1962, the Commonwealth Immigrants bill was passed to restrict immigration. There was quite a lot of discrimination against immigrants. The punk singer John Lydon, who was born in London in 1956, called his autobiography "No Irish, No Blacks, No Dogs." His parents were poor Irish immigrants who settled in North London. People say these words were used by landlords then. That may not be true, but there were certainly signs saying “no West Indians”. As Lydon says, Irish people blend in better than the Jamaicans.

Enoch Powell, when he was Minister for Health, recruited nurses for the NHS from the Caribbean. Later, in 1968 he made a speech and said that if the United Kingdom let too many immigrants in, there would be bloodshed in the streets.

The Race Relations Act 1965 was the first law in the UK to say that discrimination on the "grounds of colour, race, or ethnic or national origins" in public places in Great Britain was prohibited. It was followed by more, stronger, laws. 

Today, there is still a strong connection with many of the old colonies and most of them are still part of the Commonwealth of Nations. Due to this history, immigrants from all over the world come to the UK and bring with them their food, religion, and music; this forms the multicultural society of the UK. 

About 14.4% of the people in the United Kingdom in 2021 were born overseas. About 3,346,000 of them lived in London. 18% of people counted in the 2021 Census said they belonged to a Black, Asian, mixed or other ethnic group. In the Community Life Survey 2019/20 84% of these people said they felt strongly that they belonged to Britain. 

Although 'multiculturalism' initially seemed like a good idea on paper, it has proven difficult in practice given some new groups' desire for greater recognition and rights in recent years. The UK has increased its multicultural representation in recent years as well but is still struggling with issues related to 'multiculturalism'. Overall, it's important to understand and respect each cultural group without giving them preferential treatment- doing so can help create a more unified nation that is far richer from a cultural perspective.

The following table shows that the UK is home to numerous ethnic minorities. Most immigrants come from India, Poland, Pakistan, and Ireland. Around 90% of immigrants who entered the UK went to England. They settled in English cities, giving England the largest number of cultural districts.

Language plays an important part in the multicultural aspect of Britain. English is the main language for 92% of the UK (48.9M people). Less than 5% of the population aged 3 to 15 had a main language other than English in 2011. Foreign languages are concentrated in London, where 21% of people don't speak English, or at least not well. These are the top 5 languages spoken at home other than English: Polish, Indian dialect, Arabic, French, and all other Chinese. However, in the UK, 1.6% of the British population doesn't speak English at all.

There are numerous cultural districts in which immigrants of a nation have settled and brought their culture with them to their new homeland. In Brick Lane, in London's East End, mainly people from Bangladesh have settled. There, for example, there are also street names that have been translated into Bengali under the English sign. The street is best known these days for its South Asian restaurants and street markets. Since the 19th century, the Richmond district has been shaped primarily by German immigrants. After a German school was founded there, the district became even more attractive as an emigration destination for Germans.

Multiculturalism can also be seen in food. 

From 2018 to 2019, there was a total of 103,379 hate crimes recorded by the police in England and Wales, and 8% of hate crimes were related to religion.

This multiculturalism is also caused by the increasing birth rate of other ethnic groups in England: in 2016, 90,500 births from other ethnic groups and in 2020, 158,000. 

In London, we find over 200 languages spoken and nearly one-third of the population was born abroad. It is considered the most multicultural city in Europe for some. As seen in the table above, only 43.4% are white British. This is because most of them are moving to the countryside instead of the city, which is a rural migration. It is a city filled with culturally diverse areas, especially Chinatown with its Chinese bakeries, restaurants, and supermarkets/stores, Camden Town and Brixton that was declared as the unofficial capital of British, African, and Caribbean descent. It is also home to many religions.


Archduke of Austria

An Archduchess or Archduke was the son/daughter of the Emperor or Kaiser of Austria.

Zavodoukovsk

Zavodoukovsk () is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is southeast of Tyumen on the Bolshoy Uk River. In 2010, 25,647 people lived there.

Ishim

Ishim () (previously known as Korkina Sloboda: until 1782) is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 65,243 people lived there.

Sverdlovsk Oblast

Sverdlovsk Oblast (, "Sverdlovskaya oblast") is a federal subject (an oblast) of Russia. Its administrative center is the city of Yekaterinburg, formerly known as Sverdlovsk. In 2010, 4,297,747 people lived in the oblast.

Voronezh Oblast

Voronezh Oblast (, "Voronezhskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Voronezh. In 2010, 2,335,380 people lived in the oblast.

Kursk Oblast

Kursk Oblast (, "Kurskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Kursk. In 2010, 1,127,081 people lived in the oblast.

Ananindeua

Ananindeua is an Brazilian city in the state of Pará. 535,547 people lived here in 2020 that makes it the second-largest city in the state by population.

Franz Strasser

Franz Strasser (1899 - 10 December 1945) was a convicted Nazi murderer. He was sentenced to death by hanging. The sentence was carried out on 10 December 1945.

Santarém, Pará

Santarém is an Brazilian city in the state of Pará. The Tapajós joins the Amazon River there, and it is a popular location for tourism.

Santarém is the third-largest city in the state by population.

Fuans

Fuans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Germéfontaine

Germéfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gilley, Doubs

Gilley is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Roulans

Roulans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amagney

Amagney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amancey

Amancey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

American Song Contest

The American Song Contest is an American music reality competition television series based on the Eurovision Song Contest. It sees all 50 U.S. states, five territories, and Washington, D.C. compete for the title of Best Original Song. The contest takes place between March 21 and May 9, 2022, and airs on NBC. The show is hosted by the rapper, songwriter, media personality, actor, and entrepreneur Snoop Dogg and the singer, songwriter, actress, author, and television personality Kelly Clarkson.

Some of the competitors are famous singers include: Allen Stone (famous soul and R&B singer and musician from Chewelah, Washington), Michael Bolton (famous New Havener singer), Christian Pagán (winner of Idol Puerto Rico), Jordan Smith (famous singer from Harlan).

The latest winner (and first) of the American Song Contest is K-pop idol AleXa of Oklahoma, achieving her state's first win of the contest (and first of the competition) in Universal City, California in 2022, with her song "Wonderland".

The American Song Contest was postponed in favor of the "America's Got Talent: Extreme" due to COVID-19 related concerns involving the Omicron variant.

The show is also set to be broadcast in multiple European countries, as well as in Canada:



Cathedral of Christ the Saviour

The Cathedral of Christ the Savior (), is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located in Moscow on Sparrow Hill, on the banks of the Moskva River, it is known for having been demolished in the 1930s for the construction of the Palace of the Soviets, which was never made.

The Original Cathedral had been built by order of Tsar Alexander I of Russia, in honor of Christ the Savior, stating on December 25, 1812: ""To express our gratitude to Divine Providence for saving Russia from the Ruin that overshadowed it"" (due to the Napoleonic Wars), the design of the cathedral was in charge of the architect Aleksandr Lavrentyevich Vitberg in 1817, who designed it with a Neoclassical design in the style of Masonic Symbolism, after the succession of Alexander I by his brother, Nicholas I, he would not like the architecture of the previous design and would hire his trusted architect Konstantin Thon.

The new architect would be based on the design of Neo-Byzantinism, and would be based on Hagia Sophia (Previously the Basilica of Saint Sophia until the Fall of Constantinople), in Istanbul and in 1832 the Russian Architectural Renaissance would be approved, in the place a old Convent and Church and the first stone would be laid until 1839, the interior would be painted by the best Russian painters of the time and the scaffolding would not be removed until 1860, and the dome would be placed using the Electroplating technique, and in 1882 Tchaikovsky would premiere the "1812 Overture", even though the cathedral was half finished, it would finally be consecrated on May 26, 1883, one day after the coronation of Alexander III, its interior had paintings of Russian saints and the Napoleonic withdrawal from Moscow.

After the Russian Revolution, the place was closed due to religious persecution in Russia. After the death of Lenin and succession by Stalin, he saw the Churches in Moscow as an unnecessary space and would decide to demolish them. In the place of the Cathedral, the Construction of a Palace for the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, and in 1930 this idea would start, this work would be in charge of Mikhail Kalinin and before demolishing the cathedral, around 25 tons of gold would be removed, Stalin saw the cathedral as an unnecessary luxury for the Soviet state and the demolition would begin on July 23, 1931 to try to erase Russia's imperial past, which this cathedral represented.

After the demolition the land would be flattened and a ditch would be made, and in 1938 the foundations of the new palace would be laid but the construction would stop due to the flooding of the river and the German invasion of the USSR, the material for the palace would be destined for the war, the project would try to resume construction but finally it would be canceled in 1957 and the Moskva Pool would be built in the place, the largest heated pool in the world, after the Fall of the USSR, many people asked for the reconstruction of the cathedral which would begin in 1995 to be finally consecrated in 2000, would be reconstructed in detail based on photos and the original plan of the Konstantin Thon cathedral.

The punk rock group Pussy Riot organized a Guerrilla rig in front of this cathedral due to the support of the Orthodox Church to Vladimir Putin, three of the members were arrested.


Minority language

A minority language is a language spoken by a minority of the population. There are 196 sovereign states and about 5,000 to 7,000 languages. This makes most languages in every country are a minority language. Some minority languages are also official languages. This happens with Irish in Ireland.



Estadio Mansiche

Estadio Mansiche is a football stadium in Peru. They play host to the most important football clubs from Trujillo, Carlos A. Mannucci and Universidad César Vallejo.

Estadio Manuel Rivera Sánchez

Estadio Manuel Rivera Sánchez is a football stadium in Chimbote, Peru. They play host to the José Gálvez FBC.

Catholic University Los Angeles of Chimbote

Catholic University Los Angeles of Chimbote, also known in Spanish as Universidad Católica Los Ángeles de Chimbote (ULADECH CATOLICA), is a private university with main campus located in Chimbote, Peru.


Second Mexican Empire

The Second Mexican Empire (), Officially the Mexican Empire (), was a Constitutional Monarchy and Client state of the Second French Empire in Mexico, it was ruled by Maximilian of Habsburg who ruled as "Maximilian I of Mexico" and his wife "Charlotte of Mexico", it was established during the Second French intervention in Mexico as a client state to compete with the powerful United States, This is nothing related to the First Mexican Empire of Agustín I.

Tony Harrington

Tony Harrington is an English football referee who referees in the Premier League. He was promoted to Select Group 1 in June 2021.

He was promoted to a Select Group 2 referee in 2016.

On May 22nd 2021, Tony refereed the 2021 FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium. Only eight days later, Harrington was back at Wembley when he officiated the 2021 EFL League One play-off Final between Blackpool and Lincoln City.

After becoming a Select Group 1 referee in June 2021, Harrington officiated his first Premier League game on 16 December 2021.

He is the grandson of former Hartlepool United player Tommy McGuigan who is in the club's record books for top 10 number of appearances and goals for the club.

Harrington supports his hometown club, Hartlepool.

The Golden Coach

The Golden Coach (; ) is a 1952 French Italian comedy drama movie directed by Jean Renoir and is based on the 1829 play "Le Carrosse du Saint-Sacrement" (The Coach of the Blessed Sacrament) by Prosper Mérimée. It stars Anna Magnani, Odoardo Spadaro, Duncan Lamont, Nada Fiorelli.


Xenohyla eugenioi

Xenohyla eugenioi is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 128 and 960 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in bromeliad plants that grow in dry forests and on rocky ground. Scientists believe the frog's tadpoles swim in ponds that dry up for part of the year, but they are not sure.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists say this is because human beings take away its bromeliad plants and change the places where the frog lives to make farms and places for animals to eat grass and to get wood to build with.

Indo-pacific sailfish

The Indo-Pacific sailfish ("Istiophorus platypterus") is a sailfish that is native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific. It is a predator that occurs almost globally, in tropical and subtropical seas. There's also another species, the Atlantic sailfish, "Istiophorus albicans", which occurs in the Atlantic Ocean. The two species are very similar, and more and more scientists think they are the same species. The fish occur in areas between 35° and 45° northern and southern latitude. The fish feed on smaller fish, crustaceans and molluscs. Fully grown, the fish reach a length of . They reach a weight between and . They also occur in the Red Sea, and have migrated to the Mediterranean, as a Lessepsian migrant.

Les Abymes

Les Abymes is a commune in France. It is the most populous commune in the overseas department of Guadeloupe.

Beverly Hills Cop III

Beverly Hills Cop III is a 1994 American action comedy movie directed by John Landis and starring Eddie Murphy, Judge Reinhold, Héctor Elizondo, Timothy Carhart, John Saxon, Theresa Randle, Alan Young, Stephen McHattie, Joey Travolta, John Singleton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was the weakest of the "Beverly Hills Cop" franchise.

Graham Scott (referee)

Graham David Scott (born 10 October 1968) is an English professional football referee who officiates in the Premier League. 

He studied at Abingdon School from 1980 to 1987 and the London School of Economics. In 2015, he was promoted to the Select Group of Referees, who officiate the matches in the Premier League. He replaced long-time referee Chris Foy. In 2016, former referee Keith Hackett suggested the promotion was "a mistake". The PGMOL wanted to demote Scott at the end of the 2016—17 season because he only refereed a few matches. However, Scott appealed against his demotion and retained his place for the 2017—18 season. A number of improved performances has led him to officiate an increased number of matches, with 13 Premier League matches and an EFL League Cup semi-final by the end of January 2018.

Illinois City, Illinois

Illinois City is an unincorporated community on the Mississippi River. It is across the river from Muscatine, Iowa. The area is in southwestern Rock Island County.

Kehl

Kehl is a town in Ortenaukreis in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the river Rhine, directly opposite the French city of Strasbourg.

Kehl is twinned with:

Montmorency, Val-d'Oise

Montmorency is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 21,723 people lived there.

The commune is in the northern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Enghien-les-Bains

Enghien-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 11,470 people lived there.

The commune is in the northern suburbs of Paris, from the center. It is a famous spa town, also known for its casino.

London Metal Exchange

The London Metal Exchange (LME) is the world's largest market in metals. The activities are organised into categories. 

The main categories are forward contracts, futures contracts and options on base metals. Forward contracts decide the price at a time in the future. Futures contracts set the price for delivery at a specific time, but is between parties not yet known to each other. Options are the right but not the obligation to buy or sell.

The Exchange also offers contracts on ferrous metal (iron(II) oxide) and precious metals. The LME also allows for cash trading. It offers hedging, an investment to avoid loss, worldwide reference pricing, and the option of physical delivery to settle contracts.

Select traders do go into a ring (of seats), and round the ring are a couple of dozen other traders. These days there are people on phones and many trades are done electronically. "Open-outcry" is the oldest method of dealing, and it is done along with all the modern methods. This qualified to deal in the ring are a select group of nine companies. About 100 other companies do trade at the LME.

Viersen

Viersen is the capital of Viersen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is about 8 km north-west of Mönchengladbach, 15 km south-west of Krefeld and 20 km east of Venlo (Netherlands).

Viersen is twinned with:

Amreeka

Amreeka is a 2009 American United Arab Emirates Canadian Kuwaiti Jordanian drama movie directed by first time director Cherien Dabis and starring Nisreen Faour, Melkar Muallem, Hiam Abbass, Alia Shawkat, Yussuf Abu-Warda, Joseph Ziegler, Miriam Smith.

Arizona Colt Returns

Arizona Colt Returns () is a 1970 Italian Spanish western movie directed by first time director Sergio Martino and starring Anthony Steffen, Marcella Michelangeli, Aldo Sanbrell.

Luziânia

Luziânia is an Brazilian city in the state of Goiás, 68 km south of Brasília. Its area is 3,961.536 km² and 211,508 people lived here in 2020.

Swords, Dublin

Swords ( or ) is the county town of County Fingal in Ireland. It is about 10 km north of Dublin.

Paysandú

Paysandú is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Paysandú Department.

Ciudad de la Costa

Ciudad de la Costa is a city in Canelones Department in Uruguay. It was founded on 19 October 1994.

Artigas, Uruguay

Artigas is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Artigas Department. Its name comes from the national hero José Gervasio Artigas.

Abbas the Great

Abbas the Great or Abbas I of Persia (Persian: شاه عباس بزرگ; 27 January 1571 – 19 January 1629) was a Persian ruler, the 5th Safavid Shahanshah of Iran, and is generally considered one of the greatest rulers of Iranian history and the Safavid dynasty. He was the third son of Shah Mohammad Khodabanda.

Muhammad Kodabanda had weak eyes and was not determined in the administration of the country and the monarchy. He was not a suitable politician to run Persia. Abbas the Great, with the help of Qizilbash tribal leaders, managed to gradually took power from his father during numerous wars, such as the Khorasan Wars, and finally sat on the throne in 1588.

Abbas was a member of the Safavid dynasty of Kurdısh origin, the Safavid family were descendants of the Persian dervish ("mystic") Safi ad-Din Ardabili. His mother, Khairun Nissa was of Mazanderani origin.

Trinidad, Uruguay

Trinidad is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Flores Department. In 2011, 21,429 people lived there.

Trinidad was founded on 14 April 1804 by Manuel Ubeda.

Formerly it was called "Santísima Trinidad de los Porongos", or simply "Porongos". Even to this day, the inhabitants are known as 'trinitarios' or 'porongueros'.

Oliwia Dabrowska

Oliwia Dabrowska is a Polish actress known for "Schindler's List". She has also become famous by helping refugees of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In 2023 she led a worldwide campaign of peace and became an international symbol of HOPE. 

Dabrowska was born on 28 May 1989 in Kraków, Poland. She starred in movies such as "Schindler's List", "The Seventh Room" and "The List of Lovers", mostly getting fame from "Schindler's List". In 2022, she was noticed by many because she was helping Ukrainian refugees who were fleeing the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Tacuarembó

Tacuarembó is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Tacuarembó Department.

Mercedes, Uruguay

Mercedes is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Soriano Department.

Tussilago

Tussilago (also known as coltsfoot) is a plant within the Asteraceae family, The plant is typically 10–30 cm in height.

Canelones, Uruguay

Canelones is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Canelones Department.

Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

Canelones

Canelones can mean:

Juliaca

Juliaca is a city in Peru. It is in the Puno Region.

Minas, Uruguay

Minas is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Lavalleja Department.

San José de Mayo

San José de Mayo is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the San José Department.

Florida, Uruguay

Florida is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Florida Department.

Rocha, Uruguay

Rocha is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Rocha Department. It was founded in 1793.

Las Piedras, Uruguay

Las Piedras is a city in Canelones Department in Uruguay. About 70,000 people lived there and it is part of the Greater Montevideo agglomeration.

Las Piedras was founded in 1744.

Public defender (United States)

In the United States, a public defender is an attorney-at-law appointed by the courts and given by the state or federal governments to represent and advise those who cannot afford to hire a private attorney. Public defenders are full-time attorneys hired by the state or federal governments. The public defender program is one of many types of criminal legal aid in the United States.

Dwayne Haskins

Dwayne Haskins Jr. (May 3, 1997 – April 9, 2022) was an American football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL) for three seasons. He played for the Washington Redskins / Washington Football Team from 2019 until 2020 and for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2021. Haskins was born in Highland Park, New Jersey.

Haskins was killed on April 9, 2022 in Boca Raton, Florida after getting hit by a car, aged 24.

Goux-les-Usiers

Goux-les-Usiers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse

Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Michel Delebarre

Michel Delebarre (27 April 1946 – 9 April 2022) was a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France from 2011 until 2017. He represented the Nord department. He was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. He was also mayor of Dunkirk from 1989 until 2014. Delebarre was born in Bailleul, France.

Delebarre died on 9 April 2022 in Lille, France from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 75.

Guyans-Vennes

Guyans-Vennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Landresse

Landresse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Uwe Bohm

Uwe Bohm (born Uwe Enkelmann; 23 January 1962 – 9 April 2022) was a German actor. He appeared in over 70 movies and television shows. His career began in 1976. He was in the 1990 movie "Herzlich willkommen", which was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. Bohm was born in Hamburg, then-West Germany. 

Bohm was also in the movies "In the Shadows" (2010), "Gold" (2013), "Sanctuary" (2015) and "Tschick" (2016).

Bohm died on 9 April 2022 in Hamburg of a possible heart attack, aged 60.

Laviron

Laviron is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Longechaux

Longechaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Longemaison

Longemaison is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Carlos Barrera Sánchez

Carlos Barrera Sánchez (3 December 1950 – 7 April 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Aranese Democratic Convergence. He was Sindic d'Aran from 1995 to 2007 and again from 2011 to 2019. He was born in Vielha, Spain.

Barrera Sánchez died on 7 April 2022 in Vielha from cancer at the age of 71.

Domingo Romera

Domingo Romera Alcázar (26 May 1936 – 6 April 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the People's Alliance and later the People's Party. He was in the Senate of Spain from 1984 to 1986 and in the European Parliament from 1986 to 1994. Romera was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Romera died in Lleida, Spain on 6 April 2022 at the age of 85.

Longevelle-lès-Russey

Longevelle-lès-Russey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Longeville

La Longeville is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

John Creighton (rugby union)

John Neville Creighton (10 March 1937 – 6 April 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played as a hooker. He played for Canterbury at a provincial level in over 100 games. He also played for the New Zealand national rugby union team making six appearances in 1962. Creighton was born in Rotherham, New Zealand.

Creighton died in Christchurch, New Zealand on 6 April 2022 at the age of 85.

Karine Danielyan

Karine Danielyan (; 9 June 1947 – 4 April 2022) was an Armenian environmentalist and politician. She was Minister of Nature and Environment Protection from 1991 to 1994. She was born in Yerevan, Armenia.

Danielyan died on 4 April 2022 in Yerevan at the age of 74.

Loray

Loray is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The neighbouring communes are Domprel, Flangebouche, Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse, Orchamps-Vennes, Plaimbois-Vennes, La Sommette and Vennes.

Vennes

Vennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The neighbouring communes are Fournets-Luisans, Guyans-Vennes, Loray, Orchamps-Vennes and Plaimbois-Vennes.

Orchamps-Vennes

Orchamps-Vennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Magny-Châtelard

Magny-Châtelard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montbenoît

Montbenoît is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montflovin

Montflovin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Orsans, Doubs

Orsans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Shane Bieber

Shane Robert Bieber (born May 31, 1995) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB). He was named an All-Star in 2019 and 2021.

Orsans

Orsans is the name of two communes in France:

Franmil Reyes

Franmil Federico Reyes (born July 7, 1995) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder and designated hitter for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB) since 2019. He made his MLB debut with the San Diego Padres in 2018.

Triston McKenzie

Triston Andrew McKenzie (born August 2, 1997) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2020.

Ouhans

Ouhans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The source of the river Loue is in the commune.

Ouvans

Ouvans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Passonfontaine

Passonfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

HD1 (galaxy)

HD1 is a possible high-redshift galaxy. It is thought to be the earliest and most distant known galaxy yet identified in the observable universe.

The discovery of HD1 (RA:10:01:51.31 DEC:+02:32:50.0) in the Sextans constellation, along with a related galaxy, HD2 (RA:02:18:52.44 DEC:-05:08:36.1) in the Cetus constellation. It was reported by astronomers at the University of Tokyo on 7 April 2022.

San Carlo Canavese

San Carlo Canavese is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pierrefontaine-les-Varans

Pierrefontaine-les-Varans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Renédale

Renédale is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Rosureux

Rosureux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Gorgon-Main

Saint-Gorgon-Main is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Jimmy Tarbuck

James Joseph Tarbuck (born 6 February 1940) is an English comedian, singer, actor, entertainer and game show host. He was a host of "Sunday Night at the London Palladium". He also hosted many game shows and quiz shows on ITV during the 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s. 

In February 2020, Tarbuck revealed that, the day after his 80th birthday, he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Paul Gambaccini

Paul Matthew Gambaccini (born April 2, 1949) is an American-British radio and television presenter and author. He is known as "The Great Gambo" and "The Professor of Pop". Gambaccini was a BBC Radio 1 presenter for 16 years. He presented "Kaleidoscope".

He was the host of the 12-part Classic FM series "Paul Gambaccini's Hall of Heroes", and chairs the Radio 4 music quiz "Counterpoint". He has been the presenter of "Pick of the Pops" on BBC Radio 2.

On 1 November 2013, it was reported that Gambaccini had been arrested on possible sexual offences as part of an investigation by Operation Yewtree in the United Kingdom. He was released on bail and his spokesman said that he denied the allegations. It was announced on 10 October 2014 that no charges would be brought. Gambaccini said he believed he was used as "bait" to have people make false accusations about him. He was cleared of all charges and eventually successfully sued police officials.

Gambaccini is openly gay.

Septfontaines, Doubs

Septfontaines is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sombacour

Sombacour is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Sommette

La Sommette is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vellerot-lès-Vercel

Vellerot-lès-Vercel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vercel-Villedieu-le-Camp

Vercel-Villedieu-le-Camp is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vernierfontaine

Vernierfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ville-du-Pont

Ville-du-Pont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Anteuil

Anteuil is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amathay-Vésigneux

Amathay-Vésigneux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amondans

Amondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Appenans

Appenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arbouans

Arbouans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arc-et-Senans

Arc-et-Senans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arcey, Doubs

Arcey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Audeux

Audeux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Houplin-Ancoisne

Houplin-Ancoisne is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,337 people lived there.


Sainghin-en-Mélantois

Sainghin-en-Mélantois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,830 people lived there.


Rozvadov

Rozvadov () is a municipality and village in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It is on the border with Germany.


Vertigo Records

Vertigo Records is a record company. It started in the United Kingdom. It was first created for progressive rock in 1969. Today a bigger company called Universal Music Germany runs it.

Anthology (disambiguation)

An anthology is a group of items collected together. They may have similar themes, characters or settings or they could be entirely different.

Anthology may also refer to: 


West Java

West Java () is a province of Indonesia. It is in the western part of Java. Its capital city is Bandung. It is the native home of the Sundanese people.

West Java was one of the first provinces created after the independence of Indonesia. In 1966, the city of Jakarta was removed from the province. Jakarta became a special city. In 2000, the western part of the province was split. This became Banten province.

Hal Sparks

Hal Harry Magee Sparks III (born September 25, 1969) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, musician, political commentator, television and radio host and television personality. He is known for his contributions to VH1, hosting E!'s "Talk Soup", and the role of Michael Novotny on the American television series "Queer as Folk", Donald Davenport in "Lab Rats" and as the voice of Tak in the "Tak and the Power of Juju" television series and video games.

List of American scientists

This is a list of American scientists.





SquareSoft

Square Co., Ltd also known as SquareSoft Inc. was a video game company in Japan. Masafumi Miyamoto started SquareSoft in 1986. It joined with Enix to become SquareEnix in 2003.

Zapper: One Wicked Cricket

Zapper: One Wicked Cricket is a 3D platform video game developed by Blitz Games and published by Infogrames Interactive. "Zapper" was released on GameCube, Game Boy Advance, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows.

During a squabble over television, Zapper tries to use his liottle brother Zipper (a grub) as a TV antenna. But Zipper is snatched away by an infamous eagle thieving, Magpie, who leaves an egg at the scence of a crime. Unfortunately, much to his dissmay, Zapper sets off to rescue his brother, and turn Magpie into a jailbird. At the end of game, Zapper gets Zipper back after defeating Maggie, and finally sets him into TV antenna.

As Zapper the cricket, player can able to collecting the 100 fireflies and 6 eggs on each levels. Player can jump/hop or zap anywhere to clear the levels. He also can used the super zapping. to defeat enemies in his way. After collectiong all fireflies, the player can access the "Special Round", and collecting 100 coins. The gameplay is similiar to "Frogger" series.

Minden

Minden is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Minden-Lübbecke. About 81,000 people lived there.

Ornans

Ornans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Bonnevaux-le-Prieuré was merged into Ornans.

Bonnevaux-le-Prieuré

Bonnevaux-le-Prieuré is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Ornans.

Autechaux

Autechaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Autechaux-Roide

Autechaux-Roide is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Auxons

Les Auxons is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2015 and consists of the former communes of Auxon-Dessus (the seat) and Auxon-Dessous.

Auxon-Dessus

Auxon-Dessus is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2015, the former communes of Auxon-Dessus and Auxon-Dessous joined together and became the new commune of Les Auxons.

Auxon-Dessous

Auxon-Dessous is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2015, the former communes of Auxon-Dessus and Auxon-Dessous joined together and became the new commune of Les Auxons.

Avanne-Aveney

Avanne-Aveney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Avilley

Avilley is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Campo Limpo Paulista

Campo Limpo Paulista is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. 85,541 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 79.4 km².

Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul

Santa Maria is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its area is 1,823.1 km² and 283,677 people lived here in 2020.

Treinta y Tres

Treinta y Tres is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Treinta y Tres Department.

Xenohyla truncata

Izecksohn's Brazilian tree frog ("Xenohyla truncata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It is the only frog that eats fruit. Scientists have seen it no higher than 50 meters above sea level.

Some of these frogs live near sand dunes where there are cacti, shrubs, and bromeliad plants. The frogs can also live in trees where the adults hide in bromeliad plants. When it is time to lay eggs, they climb down to the forest floor. They lay eggs in pools of water that dry up for part of the year.

"Xenohyla truncata" is the only known amphibian that eats fruit. It finds the fruit and swallows it whole with no chewing. The seeds from the fruit come out of its body in its waste, which helps the plant spread. This frog only eats very small fruits and seeds, from 3 to 10 mm in size. Scientists think this frog could be a pollinator. It moves the tree's pollen, or seed-making material, from plant to plant as it looks for food. This is important because most of the pollinators we know of are insects and other animals without bones. This frog also eats insects and other animals with no bones and hard, jointed outsides.

Durazno

Durazno is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Durazno Department. About 30,000 people lived there.

Durazno is on the south banks of the Yí River. This river is an tributary to the Río Negro River.

The city was founded on 12 October 1821, under the name of "San Pedro del Durazno", as a homage to Brazilian Emperor Pedro I.

List of Bulgarian scientists

This is a list of scientists from Bulgaria.



Colonia del Sacramento

Colonia del Sacramento () is a city in southwestern Uruguay, by the Río de la Plata, facing the Argentine capital Buenos Aires. It is the oldest town in the country and capital of the Colonia Department. Around 27,000 people lived there.

Its historic quarter is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995.

Fray Bentos

Fray Bentos is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Río Negro Department.

In 2015, the Barrio Anglo is the location of the industrial landscape that was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site as the "Fray Bentos Cultural-Industrial Landscape".

Sukkur

Sukkur (; ) is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Sindh province and is the capital of the Sukkur District.

Sullana

Sullana is a city in Peru. It is in the Piura Region.

Montivilliers

Montivilliers is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Badevel

Badevel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bart, Doubs

Bart is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bartherans

Bartherans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Battenans-les-Mines

Battenans-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Battenans-Varin

Battenans-Varin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Belfays

Belfays is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Belleherbe

Belleherbe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The Raven (1935 movie)

The Raven is a 1935 American psychological horror directed by Lew Landers and was based on the 1845 poem by Edgar Allan Poe. It stars Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Lester Matthews, Irene Wane, Inez Courtney, Ian Wolfe, Spencer Charters and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Belvoir, Doubs

Belvoir is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Berche

Berche is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Berthelange

Berthelange is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Beure

Beure is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Honda, California

La Honda is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Mateo County, California.

Oakley, California

Oakley is a city in Contra Costa County, California. It is in the San Francisco Bay Area. At the 2020 United States Census, 43,357 people lived there. Oakley was incorporated in 1999.

Adam Falckenhagen

Adam Falckenhagen (26 April 1697 6 October 1754) was a German composer and lutenist (somebody who plays the lute). He was one of the last baroque composers to write music for the lute.

Falckenhagen was born in Großdalzig, a city near Leipzig. He learned to play the lute and the harpsichord. From 1719-1720 he studied in the Leipzig University. Between 1720 and 1727 he worked in Weißenfels as a court musician. He went to Dresden to study with Sylvius Leopold Weiss. In 1734 he moved to Bayreuth. He worked for Margrave Frederick of Bayreuth. He died in Bayreuth on 6 October 1754.

Bad Oeynhausen

Bad Oeynhausen is a spa town in Minden-Lübbecke in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 49,000 people lived there.

It is on the left bank of the Weser river.

Bad Oeynhausen is twinned with:

Guérard

Guérard is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Yambol

Yambol () is a city in southeastern Bulgaria and is the capital of Yambol Province. About 80,000 people lived there.

Pazardzhik

Pazardzhik () is a city in southern Bulgaria and is the capital of Pazardzhik Province. It is along the banks of the Maritsa river and has about 70,000 people living there.

The city is considered known for its sports, mainly volleyball, as it has co-hosted the 1981 Men's European Volleyball Championship (with Varna and Burgas) and in early 2020, it became the European City of Sports.

Šibenik

Šibenik is a city in Croatia, located in central Dalmatia. It is on the Krka river flows into the Adriatic Sea. In 2011, 46,332 people lived there.

Karlovac

Karlovac is a city in central Croatia. In 2011, 55,705 people lived there. It is the county seat of Karlovac County.

Velika Gorica

Velika Gorica is a city in Zagreb County, Croatia. In 2011, 63,517 people lived there.

Franjo Tuđman Airport, the largest airport in Croatia, is in Velika Gorica.

Varaždin

Varaždin is a city in Croatia. In 2011, 46,946 people lived there. It is the county seat of Varaždin County.

Bikini Atoll

The Bikini atoll is a group of islands (an atoll) in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the Ralik chain. Today, it is part of the Marshall Islands. It used to be known as Eschscholtz Atoll. The atoll is made of 23 islands, which have a surface area of . The lagoon is about by , and has a surface area of about . The lagoon has a depth of up to . The two biggest islands are Bikini, at and Enyu, at . 

Majuro, the capital of the Marshall Islands, is about to the south. New Guinea is about to the southwest.

Today, the atoll is mostly known for many nuclear tests, done by the US government in the 1940s, and 1950s. In 1946, about 200 people were moved from these two islands, all other islands of the atoll were uninhabited. The people were moved to the smaller Rongerik Atoll, which was uninhabited at the time. 

Over 42.000 people were taking part in the nuclear tests. In total, 67 tests were done.

In the 1970s, about 100 people again moved to the islands, but they had to leave again, because high levels of Strontium-90 and Caesium-137 were found. Today, the atoll is largely uninhabited, except for a few caretakers.

Even though the atoll may be habitable again soon, there's a problem: Many of the Bikini islanders (or their offspring) have never lived on the island, and haven't even visited it. There's a high unemployment rate on the Marshall islands. As the Marshall islands have a special agreement with the United States, unemployed people from the Marshall islands can go look for jobs in the United States. It is therefore unclear how many of the original islanders or their offspring will return to the atoll.

San Leo

San Leo is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna.

San Leo is next to these municipalities: Acquaviva (San Marino), Chiesanuova (San Marino), Città di San Marino (San Marino), Maiolo, Montecopiolo, Monte Grimano, Novafeltria, Sassofeltrio, Torriana, Verucchio.

Sassofeltrio

Sassofeltrio is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna. It is about southeast of Bologna and about south of Rimini.

Sassofeltrio is next to these municipalities: Chiesanuova (San Marino), Faetano (San Marino), Fiorentino (San Marino), Gemmano, Mercatino Conca, Montegiardino (San Marino), Monte Grimano, Montescudo, San Leo, Verucchio.

Talamello

Talamello is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna. It is about southeast of Bologna and about south of Rimini.

Talamello is next to these municipalities: Maiolo, Mercato Saraceno, Novafeltria, Sogliano al Rubicone.

Livigno

Livigno is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is in the Italian Alps, near the Swiss border.

Javier Chércoles Blázquez

Javier Chércoles Blázquez born in Caracas (Venezuela) in 1964, is a director in fashion sector, university professor and crisis advisor in humanitarian disasters. 

He holds a degree in Law from UNED and in Economics and Business from Universidad Complutense. 

Between 2000 and 2010 he worked for Inditex, a multinational based in Galicia. Chércoles was responsible for preparing Zara 's "Internal Code of Ethics", a document that regulates the operation of the factories that work for Inditex. 

He also worked for PwC . 

In 2008, Chércoles went to Bangladesh to personally check the situation of a factory in Dhaka, where there were verbal and physical abuse, as well as salary cuts. Chércoles acknowledged that the factory was in "very bad" condition, but said there was no evidence they were manufacturing for Inditex. He later discovered that he was associated with another factory that produced clothes for Zara. The workshops were close to each other, and Chércoles admitted that it was possible to transfer part of the production from one to another without Inditex's permission or knowledge. A few years earlier he had discovered that the victims of the Bhopal disaster had not yet been compensated, because, as he told Kofi Annan, "there is no way to calculate them, nor any political intention (to pay them)". 

As CSR director, he decided to deepen labor controls in the production chain, control measures with which Inditex's management did not agree. In 2010 he left the position receiving 1.57 million euros. 

In April 2013, in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, the Rana Plaza building collapsed and 1,134 workers were killed. He was hired by Primark to pay 14 million euros to victims being the first multinational to deal with compensation. 

He was voluntarily confined to the monastery of Santo Domingo de Silos for six months to write his doctoral thesis in the English language . Since June 2013, he has been working as a professor at the University of Dhaka, Bangladesh, at the Institute of Disaster & Vulnerability Management Studies.

He was also a professor at Complutense, URJC and ESADE Universities and an academic lecturer at Harvard, Georgetown (United States), Andrés Bello (Caracas, Venezuela) and Antonio Ruiz de Montoya (Lima, Peru) universities 



Brunate

Brunate is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Beutal

Beutal is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bief

Bief is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Blamont

Blamont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gravataí

Gravataí is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, near Porto Alegre. About 280,000 people lived there.

Altamira, Pará

Altamira is a municipality in the state of Pará, in northern Brazil. It has an area of , making it the largest municipality by area both in Pará state and Brazil. 115,969 people lived here in 2020.

Barcelos, Amazonas

Barcelos is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Amazonas. 27,638 people lived here in 2020 and its area is , making it the second-largest municipality by area in Brazil (after Altamira, Pará).

Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth Swamiji

Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth ( 3 August 1945 – 19 July 2021), was a Hindu philosopher & 23rd peethadhish of Gokarna math. He was the Mathadipathi of the Partagali Gokarna math of Goa from 26th Feb 1967 to 19 July 2021.

Rugrats Go Wild

Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 animated adventure comedy movie. It is based on the Nickelodeon TV show Rugrats. It was the last movie in the rugrats series.

Renfield

Renfield is an upcoming American dark fantasy horror-comedy film directed by Chris McKay and written by Ryan Ridley. It is based on an original pitch by Robert Kirkman. It stars Nicholas Hoult as Renfield, a henchman to Count Dracula who decides to leave his line of work after falling in love. Nicolas Cage, Awkwafina, Ben Schwartz, Adrian Martinez, Shohreh Aghdashloo, Bess Rous, and James Moses Black co-star. The film is scheduled to be released on April 14, 2023, by Universal Pictures.

Count Dracula's lackey Renfield finds a new lease on life when he falls in love with Rebecca Quincy, a feisty traffic officer.


Mutualism (economic theory)

Mutualism is a thought and economic theory.




Oedipus complex

Oedipus complex is a term Sigmund Freud introduced. Freud said it was that someone wanted to have a sexual relationship with the parent of the opposite sex, and to kill the parent of the same sex. Freud uses the figure Oedipus, from Greek mythology: Oedipus killed a man in a fight, when he didn't know this man was his father, king Laios of Thebes. In that time, the Sphinx besieged Thebes, and gave riddles to those who passed. Those who weren't able to answer or solve the riddles, would be killed or eaten. Oedipus was able to solve the riddle, and as a prize, he received Iokaste, the widow of king Laios. He didn't know that Iokaste was his mother. The Sphinx was very ashamed that someone had been able to solve the riddle, and killed itself. 

Freud developed a whole theory, and he says that humans are driven, which is comomnly known as drive theory ("Triebtheorie" in German). He said that all children between ages three and five have what he called fantasies of incest. He also thought that the opposite case: the love of the same-sex parent, and the rivalry with the opposite-sex parent was normal. 

After Freud, people like Carl Gustav Jung made a difference between the Oedipus complex they associated with boys, and a similar phenomenon they called Electra complex they associated with girls.

Ostrov (Karlovy Vary District)

Ostrov, also known as Ostrov nad Ohří (), is a town in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. About 16,000 people lived there.


First Empire of Haiti

The First Empire of Haiti (), officially Empire of Haiti (), was an Elective Monarchy on the current Island of Hispaniola, after the Independence of Haiti on January 1, 1804 by Jean-Jacques Dessalines, the Empire would be founded until September 24, 1804, and would be crowned as "Jacques I of Haiti" on October 6 of that same year, he would be assassinated on October 17, 1806 and the Empire would be dissolved to give way to the State and Republic of Haiti, it is not related to the Second Empire of Haiti by Faustin Soulouque.

During the creation of the constitution, it was known for the banning of white people from Haiti, except for the nationalized Germans and Poles.

Meg 2: The Trench

Meg 2: The Trench is a 2023 American science fiction action thriller horror movie directed by Ben Wheatley with a screenplay by Dean Georgaris, Jon Hoeber, and Erich Hoeber, based on the 1999 book "The Trench" by Steve Alten. It serves as a sequel to the 2018 movie, "The Meg". It stars Jason Statham and Cliff Curtis.

"Meg 2: The Trench" was released by Warner Bros. Pictures in the United States on August 4, 2023.


Mělník

Mělník () is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Mělník District. About 20,000 people lived there. It is at the confluence of the Elbe and Vltava rivers, about north of Prague.


Oleśnica

Oleśnica is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 37,169 people lived there and its area is 20.96 km².

Chełm

Chełm (; ) is a city in Lublin Voivodeship in Poland. It is about from the border with Ukraine. In 2015, 63,949 people lived there.

Blarians

Blarians is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Blussangeaux

Blussangeaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Blussans

Blussans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bolandoz

Bolandoz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bondeval

Bondeval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bonnal

Bonnal is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arguel, Doubs

Arguel is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Fontain.

Bonnay, Doubs

Bonnay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bonnay

Bonnay is the name of three communes in France:

Kamen Rider Build

Kamen Rider Build is a Japanese tokusatsu drama in Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Uchu Sentai Kyuranger" and later "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger". As the web series "Kamen Rider Amazons".







Bouclans

Bouclans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Vauchamps was merged into Bouclans.

Vauchamps, Doubs

Vauchamps is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the commune of Bouclans.

Bourguignon, Doubs

Bourguignon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bournois

Bournois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Braillans

Braillans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Branne, Doubs

Branne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Aincourt

Aincourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France.

Vauréal

Vauréal is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 16,456 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Lee Yi-hsiu

Lee Yi-hsiu ( ; born on 10 June 1988), known as History Bro (Chinese: 歷史哥), is a Taiwanese political activist, radio personality, and Internet celebrity. Lee has a master's degree. Lee supported Han Kuo-yu. Born in 1988 and raised in Kaohsiung, he has a YouTube channel.

Campbell, California

Campbell is a city in Santa Clara County, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area. In 2020, 43,959 people lived there.

Vimpeli

Vimpeli () is a municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 2,756 people living there on 31 December 2021. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Lappajärvi, Perho and Veteli.

Hallapuro, Huopana, Kirkonkylä, Koskela, Lakaniemi, Pokela, Pyhälahti, Rantakylä, Sääksjärvi, Viitaniemi and Vinni.


Veteli

Veteli () is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 3,005 people living there on 31 December 2021. The municipalities next to it are Evijärvi, Halsua, Kaustinen, Kronoby, Lappajärvi, Perho and Vimpeli.


Lestijärvi

Lestijärvi is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 719 people living there on 31 December 2021, that makes it the smallest municipality in Central Ostrobothnia by population. The municipalities next to it are Halsua, Kinnula, Kokkola, Perho, Reisjärvi, Sievi and Toholampi.


Kauhava

Kauhava is a town and municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 15,319 people living there on 31 December 2021. The municipalities next to it are Evijärvi, Isokyrö, Lappajärvi, Lapua, Nykarleby, Pedersöre, Seinäjoki and Vörå.

The bordering municipalities of Alahärmä, Kortesjärvi and Ylihärmä were merged with Kauhava on 1 January 2009.


Saltillo Municipality

Saltillo is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in northeastern Mexico. The municipal seat is Saltillo. The municipality covers an area of 6837 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 648,929.

Meinerzhagen

Meinerzhagen is a town in Märkischer Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 21,000 people live there. It is in the Sauerland region.

Hilden

Hilden is a town in Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 56,000 people live there.

Breconchaux

Breconchaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Brères

Brères is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Channel Islands Brussels Office

The Channel Islands Brussels Office (CIBO) is an organisation which aims "to promote the interests of the Channel Islands in Europe, to represent the Channel Islands to the EU institutions, and to advise the governments of Guernsey and Jersey on EU policy issues." It was founded in 2011.

Les Bréseux

Les Bréseux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Bretenière, Doubs

La Bretenière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bretigney

Bretigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bretigney-Notre-Dame

Bretigney-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Brognard

Brognard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Buffard

Buffard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Burgille

Burgille is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Burnevillers

Burnevillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Busy, Doubs

Busy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

By, Doubs

By is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Byans-sur-Doubs

Byans-sur-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cademène

Cademène is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cendrey

Cendrey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cernay-l'Église

Cernay-l'Église is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cessey

Cessey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chalèze

Chalèze is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sandstorm (1982 movie)

Sandstorm (, , translit. Rih al-raml) is a 1982 Algerian drama movie directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina and starring Nadir Benguedih, Himmoud Brahimi, Leila Shenna, Sabrina Hannach, Albert Minski.

Scinax

Scinax is a genus of frogs (snouted treefrogs) in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in eastern and southern Mexico to Argentina and Uruguay, Trinidad and Tobago, and Saint Lucia. These are small to medium-sized tree frogs. Duellman and Wiens brought this genus back into use in 1992. The name originates from the Greek word "skinos", meaning fast-moving or nimble.

These species are in the genus "Scinax:"


Ronald Ryan

Ronald Joseph Ryan (21 February 1925 - 3 February 1967) was the last man hanged in Australia, there were many protests to commute his sentence however the governor of Victoria, Henry Bolte wanted him hanged.

Ronald Ryan was born on 21 February 1925 at the Royal Women's Hospital in Melbourne's inner suburb of Carlton.

Many people protested against the hanging on Ryan, with some comparing the premier Henry Bolte to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, and calling for his death sentence to be commuted as he was believed to be innocent, however Bolte claimed that the next death sentence would go ahead no matter what, this led to him having to have the more progressive Rupert Hamer succeed him in 1972.

Ryan was executed at 8am on 3 February 1967 at HM Prison Pentridge, Melbourne and his final words were "God bless you please make this quick".

I Wake Up Screaming

I Wake Up Screaming is a 1941 American psychological crime movie directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Betty Grable, Victor Mature, Carole Landis, Allyn Joslyn, Laird Cregar, Chick Chandler, Cyril Ring and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


List of minor planets: 178001–179000


List of minor planets: 179001–180000


List of minor planets: 180001–181000


List of minor planets: 181001–182000


My Stupid Boss

My Stupid Boss is a 2016 Indonesian Malaysian Bruneian adventure comedy movie directed by Upi Avianto and was based on the four part novel of the same name by Chaos@Work. It stars Reza Rahadian, Bunga Citra Lestari, Alex Abbad, Bront Palarae, Chew Kin Wah, Nadiya Nisaa. It was followed up in 2019 with "My Stupid Boss 2".


Lunana: A Yak in the Classroom

Lunana: A Yak in the Classroom () is a 2019 Bhutanese Chinese family drama movie directed by first time director Pawo Choyning Dorji and starring Sherab Dorji, Ugyen Norbu Lhendup, Kelden Lhamo Gurung, Kunzang Wangdi, Tshering Dorji. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2022.

High Sierra (movie)

High Sierra is a 1941 American crime movie directed by Raoul Walsh and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Ida Lupino, Arthur Kennedy, Joan Leslie, Joan Leslie, Henry Travers, Cornel Wilde, Jerome Cowan, Isabel Jewell, Elisabeth Risdon and was distributed by Warner Bros.


Giant virus

A giant virus is a very large virus. They are sometimes called a girus. Some of them are larger than typical bacteria. All known giant viruses belong to the phylum Nucleocytoviricota.

The genomes of many giant viruses code for unusual genes which are not found in other viruses. These include genes involved in glycolysis and the TCA cycle, fermentation, and the cytoskeleton.

The first giant viruses to be described were discovered in 1981.

Note, in the illustration from an electron microscope, the virus is surrounded by a thick (~100 nm) layer of filamentous protein fibres.

There are two main hypotheses. Either they evolved from small viruses by picking up DNA from host organisms; or they evolved from very complicated organisms by genome reduction.

Agribusiness

Agribusiness (also called bio-business or bio-enterprise) refers to the enterprises, the industry, the system, and the field of study in agriculture and bio-economy.

The first goal of agribusiness is to maximize profit.

Gutian people

The Guti () or Quti, also known by the derived Gutians or Guteans, were a nomadic people of West Asia, around the Zagros Mountains (Modern Iran) during ancient times. 
Their homeland was known as Gutium (Sumerian: ,"Gu-tu-um" or ,"Gu-ti-um"). There has been little scholarly support for theories linking the Turkic names Kutrigur and Utigur to the Gutians. Widely believed to have spoken an Indo-European (rather than Turkic) language. Iranologist W. B. Henning proposed that the Yuezhi were descended from the Guti (Gutians) and a closely associated but little known tribe referred to as the Tukri (Turki), who were native to the Zagros mountains during the mid-3rd millennium BC. Analysing the grammatical structure of the Gutian language, German Assyriologists Benno Landsberger, however, came to the conclusion that the Gutians not only were closely related to Turkic peoples, but most probably even identical.


Ribeira Square

The Ribeira Square () is a historical square in Porto, Portugal. It is in the historical centre of the city and is designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

The square is located in the historical district of Ribeira, part of the São Nicolau parish. The Ribeira district spreads alongside the Douro river. During the Middle Ages, Ribeira Square was the site of many shops that sold fish, bread, meat and other goods.

Scinax ruber

The red-snouted tree frog, Allen's snouted tree frog, common snouted tree frog or two-striped snouted tree frog ("Scinax ruber") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Bolivia, Venezuela, Ecuador and the Guianas. Human beings also brought it to Puerto Rico.

The adult male frog is 3.1 to 3.7 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 4.0 to 4.2 cm long. The male frog is yellow or almost white in color and the female frog is brown or gray in color. This frog has dark brown spots down its sides and yellow or orange spots on its legs and middle.

This frog lives in trees and looks for food at night. This frog can lay eggs at any time, but it usually does when the weather is rainy. The male frog sits on a tree branch over the water and sings for the female frog. The female frog lays her eggs, about 590 eggs at a time, on plants near the water. When the tadpoles hatch from the eggs, they fall into the water.

Vantablack

Vantablack is a substance made of carbon nanotubes. Scientists at Surrey NanoSystems invented it in 2014. They invented it so scientists and engineers could use it in inventions. In 2016, artists started fighting over Vantablack, for example Anish Kapoor and Stuart Semple.

Vantablack can absorb 99.965 percent of the light that hits it. Because it absorbs so much light, it looks very dark and black. In 2014, it was the blackest black thing in the world. It could make a flat circle look like a deep hole. Artist Anish Kapoor thought Vantablack would be good in art. In 2016, Kapoor made a deal with Surrey NanoSystems. He bought the exclusive rights to use Vantablack in art. This means Kapoor is the only artist allowed to use that black paint.

Some artists did not like that Kapoor wanted to be the only artist who could use Vantablack paint. For example, Christian Furr said "All the best artists have had a thing for pure black – Turner, Manet, Goya... This black is like dynamite in the art world. We should be able to use it. It isn't right that it belongs to one man."

Another artist Stuart Semple invented another pigment in 2016. He named it "Pinkest Pink". Semple sold Pinkest Pink to other artists on his website. But he added words to the order form in which his buyers had to promise not to give any Pinkest Pink to Anish Kapoor:

By adding this product to your cart you confirm that you are not Anish Kapoor, you are in no way affiliated to Anish Kapoor, you are not purchasing this item on behalf of Anish Kapoor or an associate of Anish Kapoor. To the best of your knowledge, information and belief this paint will not make its way into the hands of Anish Kapoor.

Semple said: "I thought I might sell one or two, but the website itself would be almost like a piece of performance art, and the pink jar would be like an artwork." This means he did not think many people would care that he was not selling his pink paint to Anish Kapoor. He also said he did it "to raise a dialogue in a debate about ownership and elitism and privilege and access to the arts".

Anish Kapoor found out about Semple's rule. He posted a picture on Instagram. The picture had a jar of Pinkest Pink and a middle finger (an insulting hand signal) covered in Pinkest Pink.

Many people saw Kapoor's Instagram picture. They wrote to Semple asking him to make a black paint like Vantablack. In 2017, Semple made black pigments called "Better Black", "Black 2.0" and "Black 3.0". He made a glitter paint called "Diamond Dust". He would not sell any to Anish Kapoor. Semple's black paint was not as black as Vantablack, but it was very, very black. It was also much easier to use and cost much less money. One tube of Black 3.0 cost ₤21.99. Semple also opened an art store in London and said he would not let Anish Kapoor come inside it.

Anish Kapoor told Buzzfeed news that his lawyers would take action against Semple because Semple was using his name so people would buy paint from him. Semple said later that Kapoor never sued him.

In 2019, scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology made a paint even blacker than Vantablack. This paint could absorb 99.995 percent of light. MIT artist Diemut Strebe made artwork using this paint: Strebe painted a $2 million yellow diamond black with this paint. This made the diamond almost disappear. Strebe named the artwork "The Redemption of Vanity". It is at the New York Stock Exchange.

Strebe and the scientists said "The project can also be interpreted as a statement against British artist Anish Kapoor's purchase of" Vantablack. They said any artist who wanted could use their new paint.

São Nicolau (Porto)

São Nicolau () was a civil parish in the municipality of Porto, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Cedofeita, Santo Ildefonso, Sé, Miragaia, São Nicolau e Vitória. The population in 2011 was 1,906, in an area of 0.25 km².

Monke

Monke may refer to:





Government of Portugal

The Government of Portugal is one of the four sovereignty bodies of the Portuguese Republic, together with the President of the Republic, the Assembly of the Republic and the courts. The government is responsible for the general politics of the country and is the superior body of the Portuguese public administration.

After the elections for the Assembly of the Republic or the resignation of the previous government, the president listens to the parties in the Assembly of the Republic and invites someone to form a government.

The prime minister chooses members of the council of ministers. Then the president swears in the prime minister and the Government.

Each government is identified by a roman number. The present government (formed in March 2022) is the XXIII Constitutional Government of Portugal since the establishment of the current democratic regime in 1976. 

John Monke

John Monke (c. 1659 – 13 November 1701) was an English politician who was a Member of Parliament from 1689 to 1690.

Monke was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for New Shoreham in 1689 and stood until 1690.

Monke died in November 1701.

Oostmalle Airfield

Oostmalle Airfield is an airport in the Antwerp province of the Flemish Region of Belgium. It is east of the town of Zoersel, south of the town of Oostmalle, and west of the town of Wechelderzande, in the municipality of Malle.



Overboelare Airfield

Overboelare Airfield (, ) is a private use airport near Geraardsbergen, East Flanders, Belgium.



List of airports in Belgium

This is a list of airports (aerodromes and heliports) in Belgium, sorted by location.

Names in bold show airports with scheduled service on commercial airlines.

Chiasmocleis

Chiasmocleis is a genus of frogs in the family Microhylidae. They live in tropical South America north and east of the Andes. English speakers call them humming frogs or silent frogs.

Scientists have trouble deciding where to put this genus because it looks like not all of these frogs have the same ancestor. As of mid 2021, scientists agreed to put frogs that used to be in the genus "Syncope" into "Chiasmocleis", but they also agreed to make three clades into subgenera:

Of these, "Relictocleis" is the most different from the other two. Some scientists think it should be its own genus. "Relictocleis gnoma" would be its only species.

"Chiasmocleis" frogs have small bodies and small legs. The male and female frogs look different: Male frogs have darker chins, and some of them have spines. The frogs from the subgenus "Syncope" are even smaller and have fewer bones in their paws and tose. "Relictocleis" frogs are also very small.

"Chiasmocleis" live underground some or most of the time. They are hard to see against dirt or dead leaves. They only look for food on the surface for a few days during the time when they lay eggs. This is at the beginning of the rainy season. They live in both forests and open places.

These species are in "Chiasmocleis":

Far Cry 2

Far Cry 2 is a 2008 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It is the second main game in the "Far Cry" series. The mobile version of the game is made and published by Gameloft.

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege is an online tactical shooter video game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released around the world for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on December 1, 2015; the game was also released for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and Series S on December 1, 2020.

Pelodryadinae

The Pelodryadinae are a subfamily of frogs. How these frogs are classified is disputed. They are found in Australo-Papuan regions.

The Amphibian Species of the World puts the Pelodryadinae in the family Pelodryadidae. There are two genera:


The AmphibiaWeb says that Pelodryadinae are in the family Hylidae and have three genera:



Ogdo Aksyonova

Ogdo Yegorovna Aksenov () (February 8, 1936 in Boganida, Taymyr Autonomous Okrug, USSR - February 14, 1995 in Dudinka, Russia) was a Dolgan poet, founder of Dolgan written literature.

Aksyonova was born in the family of a reindeer herder began writing poems in high school. For her story, "Paul Chuprin", in 1956 she was given the "Soviet Taimyr" award. She became a cultural worker, and in 1967 was awarded a "Badge of Honor." She published works in "Valery Kravets" ( "The Polar Truth") and in the popular magazine "Worker."
Later she printed poems and tales in the Dolgan language. Yakut printers promised to find the right fonts, which would take into account the specifics of Dolgan language. The book was published in 1973. It was called "Baraksan." In the second book, Aksenova wanted to build the whole song on the material. She called it "Songs Dolgan."

Ogdo Aksyonov died on the night of January 14, 1995. 

Deaths in 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death, must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

Deaths in January 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in January 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.































Henry Bolte

Henry Bolte (20 May 1908 - 4 January 1990) was Premier of Victoria from 1955 until 1972, he received criticism for refusing to commute Ronald Ryan's death sentence, this cost him support, allowing Dick (Rupert) Hamer to become the 39th Premier of Victoria.

Bolte was born on 20 May 1908 in Ballarat, Australia.

When Ronald Ryan was sentenced to death, Henry Bolte supported this and said it would go on no matter what, which made him unpopular, he was compared to the Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.

On 24 March 1984, Bolte was involved in a serious head-on accident when he was driving home after an evening in the local hotel near his property at Bamganie.

Dom Luís I Bridge

The Dom Luís I Bridge (), or Luís I Bridge, is an arch bridge in Portugal. It goes across the River Douro. It connects the cities of Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia.

Peneda-Gerês National Park

The Peneda-Gerês National Park (, ), is a national park in northern Portugal. Created on 8 May 1971, it is the oldest protected area and the only national park in Portugal. The park have an area of .

Far Cry 5

Far Cry 5 is a 2018 first-person action-adventure shooter game, made by Ubisoft Montreal and Ubisoft Toronto and published by Ubisoft. It is the successor to 2014's "Far Cry 4", and the fifth main game in the "Far Cry" series.

Far Cry 4

Far Cry 4 is a 2014 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the successor to the 2012 video game "Far Cry 3", and the fourth main game in the "Far Cry" series.

Kamen Rider Zi-O

Kamen Rider Zi-O is a Japanese tokusatsu drama in the Kamen Rider franchise.

Super Hero Time joining "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger" and later, the miniseries "Super Sentai Strongest Battle" aired alongside "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger".







Ubisoft Montreal

Ubisoft Divertissements Inc., known as Ubisoft Montreal, is a Canadian video game developer and a studio of Ubisoft based in Montreal.

Ubisoft Montreal is the main developer for games in the "Assassin's Creed", "Far Cry", "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six", and "Watch Dogs" series.


Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six is a video game franchise published by Ubisoft that is based on American author Tom Clancy's 1998 novel "Rainbow Six". The franchise and its games is about a fictional international counter-terrorist unit called "Rainbow".

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Extraction

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Extraction (originally known as Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Quarantine) is an online multiplayer tactical shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft as a spin-off of "Rainbow Six Siege" (2015). The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Amazon Luna, Google Stadia, Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Series S on January 20, 2022. It received mixed reviews from critics.

Alentejo

Alentejo ( , ) is a region of south–central and southern Portugal. In Portuguese, its name means "beyond () the Tagus river" ("Tejo").

Sopa de gato

Sopa de gato (in English: "Cat soup") is a simple soup from southern Spain. It is served hot and is a suitable dish for the winter. Typical ingredients include water, bread, oil, garlic and salt.

Thomas Johnson (murderer)

Thomas Johnson ( March 1898 - 23 January 1939) was an Australian murder born in Tasmania in 1898, he was executed by hanging on 23 January 1939 at HM Prison Pentridge.

Angelique Boyer

Angelique Monique-Paulette Boyer Rousseau (born July 4, 1988, Saint-Claude, Jura, France), known as Angelique Boyer, is a French-Born Mexican actress.


Deaths in February 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.






























Battle of Konotop (2022)

The Battle of Konotop was a military engagement that took place around the city of Konotop, Ukraine between the military forces of Russia and Ukraine as part of the Northeastern Ukraine offensive during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Peter I of Courtenay

Peter of Courtenay (September 1126 - 10 April 1183) was a son of Louis VI of France.

He had many children. One of them was Peter II, Latin Emperor.

Peter II of Courtenay

Peter II (1155 - 1219) was Latin Emperor and the son of Peter I of Courtenay.

María Teresa Jiménez Esquivel

María Teresa Jiménez Esquivel (May 25, 1984, Valle de Bravo, State of Mexico) is a Mexican politician and current governor of Aguascalientes, member of the National Action Party and former deputy of the Chamber of Deputies, she was Municipal President of Aguascalientes.

Yannick Jadot

Yannick Jadot (born 27 July 1967) is a French environmentalist and politician. He has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since the 2009 European election, representing the West France constituency.

On 30 January 2021, Jadot announced that he would be running as a candidate in the 2022 French presidential election. In the primaries, he won 51.03 percent of the party’s votes, beating Sandrine Rousseau. He came in sixth place, winning 4.63% of the vote.

Éric Zemmour

Éric Justin Léon Zemmour (; born 31 August 1958) is a French far-right politician, political journalist, essayist, writer and pundit. He was an editor and panelist on "Face à l'Info", a daily show broadcast on CNews, from 2019 to 2021.

In late 2021, Zemmour declared his candidacy for President of France in the 2022 election. He created Reconquête, a new political party. He came in fourth place, winning 7.07% of the vote.

Rhodesian Bush War

The Rhodesian Bush War was a civil war in the British colony of Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) from 1964 to 1979. 

It was a triangular war. It was fought between the white Government of Rhodesia, the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (which was the military wing of Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe African National Union), and the Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army of Joshua Nkomo's Zimbabwe African People's Union. 

Rhodesia was supported by Estado Novo (Portugal) until 1974 and Apartheid South Africa.

After the war ended in 1979, Southern Rhodesia became independent as Zimbabwe in 1980.

K. P. Thakkar

Khatau Thakkar was an Indian swimmer. He won a gold medal in 1951 Asian Games in men's 3m springboard and 10m platform. He also won a bronze medal in 1954 Asian Games. He had won three Asian Games medals. The Government of India honored him with the Dhyan Chand Award in 2014. He died in 2016. 

Rajesh Singh

Rajesh Kumar Singh (born 1968) is an Indian businessperson and movie producer. He is the founder and managing director of Dayal Group. He is noted for producing Hindi movies, "Fareb" (2005) and "Anwar" (2007). Singh received the Mahatma Gandhi Award in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh state Yogi Adityanath awarded him the Uttar Pradesh Ratna Award in 2020.
He was born in 1968 in Varanasi, India and was raised in Lucknow. He ventured into business in 1997 and founded his company, Dayal Group of Companies, which is into real estate, education and movie production.

In 2005, Singh produced the Bollywood movie, "Fareb", starring Manoj Bajpayee. He produced by the romantic thriller "Anwar" in 2007. He founded Kunwar's Global School in Lucknow, which is run by Kunwar's Education Foundation, where Singh serves as the chairman.


Vivek Agnihotri

Vivek Agnihotri is an Indian movie director, movie producer, screenwriter and author. He works in Hindi cinema. He made his debut in Bollywood with the crime thriller film "Chocolate" in 2005 and has directed many films such as "Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal" (2007), "Hate Story" (2012), "Zid" (2014), " Buddha in a Traffic Jam" (2016) and "The Kashmir Files" (2022).

He won the National Film Award for Best Screenplay - Dialogues for "The Tashkent Files" (2019). He also won the Best Writer and Director at Jakarta International Film Festival for his movie, "Buddha in a Traffic Jam". In 2018, Vivek Agnihotri authored a book titled "Urban Naxals: The Making of Buddha in a Traffic Jam".

He is a member of the board of Central Board of Film Certification, India and a cultural representative of Indian Cinema at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations.

Three Violent People

Three Violent People is a 1957 American western movie directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Charlton Heston, Anne Baxter, Gilbert Roland, Tom Tyron, Forrest Tucker, Bruce Bennett, Elaine Stritch, Roy Engel. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Snot (rapper)

Snot (born December 16, 1997) is an Americans rapper whose real name is Edy Edouard. He was born in New York City and started to upload his music to Soundcloud in 2016. Snot was starting to be famous after he released "Gosha" in September 2018. He began rapping when he was 17 years old. Snot has collaborated with Night Lovell, Wifisfuneral, and Cochise.

Museu de Belles Arts de València

The Museu de Belles Arts de València (; ; English: "Museum of Fine Arts of Valencia") is an art gallery in Valencia, Spain, founded in 1913.

Rui Moreira (politician)

Rui de Carvalho de Araújo Moreira (born 8 August 1956) is a Portuguese businessman and politician, he is the current Mayor of Porto. His term started on 22 October 2013, and he was re-elected for a new term on 1 October 2017 and 26 September 2021. He has been supported by the CDS – People's Party and has supported the IL – Liberal Initiative.

Montjoie-le-Château

Montjoie-le-Château (; German previously: "Frohberg") is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Villars-lès-Blamont

Villars-lès-Blamont (, literally "Villars near Blamont") is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Corcelles-Ferrières

Corcelles-Ferrières () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Dannemarie, Doubs

Dannemarie (; unofficial also "Dannemarie-lès-Glay") is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Fessevillers

Fessevillers is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Fontain

Fontain is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune Arguel was merged into Fontain.

Goumois, Doubs

Goumois is a commune in the department of Doubs, in the eastern French region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté.

Montfaucon, Doubs

Montfaucon () is an affluent commune in the Doubs department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France.

Nommay

Nommay () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Quingey

Quingey () is a commune and former canton seat in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Zingem Heliport

Zingem Heliport is a private heliport near Zingem, East Flanders, Belgium.



Scinax x-signatus

The Venezuelan snouted tree frog or Venezuela snouted tree frog (Scinax x-signatus) is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, Suriname, and Venezuela. Human beings also brought it to Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, and La Désirade.

Rosières-sur-Barbèche

Rosières-sur-Barbèche () is a commune in the Doubs département in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Vieux-Charmont

Vieux-Charmont () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Francesca Caccini

Francesca Caccini (; 18 September 1587 – after 1641) was an Italian composer, singer, lutenist, poet, and music teacher of the early Baroque era. 

Scinax nebulosus

The blue-headed snouted tree frog or Spix's snouted tree frog ("Scinax nebulosus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Venezuela, the Guianas, and Bolivia.

Villers-Grélot

Villers-Grélot () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Jigarthanda (2016 movie)

Jigarthandaa () is a 2016 Indian Kannada-language satirical black comedy film. It was directed by Shiva Ganesh, written by Karthik Subbaraj and produced by Kichcha Creations and SRV Productions. The film was a remake of the 2014 Tamil film of the same name which itself was inspired by the 2006 South Korean movie "A Dirty Carnival".
It stars Rahul and Samyukta Hornad along with P. Ravi Shankar, Chikkanna, Dharma, K. Manju, Guruprasad, Sadhu Kokila and Veena Sundar in supporting roles. Arjun Janya composed film's score and soundtrack. It released on June 24, 2016.


Mainz Republic

The Republic of Mainz was the first democratic state in the current German territory. It was in Mainz. It was made because of the French Revolutionary Wars. It lasted from March to July 1793.


AB Aurigae b

Aurigae b (or AB Aur b) is a protoplanet in the Protoplanetary disk of the star AB Aurigae. The star is about 505 light years from Earth. It is a young star, about two million years old. The star and everything in its system are in its early stages. In this growing solar system, astronomers can see the formation of the new gas giant. They can learn if the theories they have created about how stars are formed are correct. 

The current theory of “core accretion” says that planets are formed from small objects collecting dust, gas, and other materials as they all orbit a star. 

Aurigae b has about 9 times the mass of Jupiter. This would make it about 12,000 times bigger than Earth. The planet has an orbit of 8.6 billion miles from its star. This is twice the distance between our sun and Pluto. It is thought that core accretion could not happen this far from a star. 

An other theory. called “disk instability”, says that Aurigae b could have been formed in a more “top-down” process. It say that the protoplanetary disk is cooling and quickly breaking up. When this happens, gravity causes gas and matter to come together and form new planets. 

These findings come from an international team who used the adaptive optics system, infrared spectrography, and visible camera of the Subaru Telescope as well as the Hubble Space Telescope. The team was only able to collect solid evidence by using a variety of techniques and working with different groups. The findings were published by the University of Arizona. Their findings are creating a large number of discussions because this evidence supports what might be new facts in astronomy

Collegium Carolinum (Kassel)

The Collegium Carolinum (also known as ) was a scientific institution in Kassel. It was founded in 1709 by Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel. It was closed after the death of Frederick II, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel in 1785.


Chiasmocleis anatipes

The Santa Cecilia humming frog ("Chiasmocleis anatipes") is a species of frog. It is in the family Microhylidae. It is from northeastern Ecuador. It lives in parts of Peru and Colombia too. The species name "anatipes" is from its "duck-like" feet. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 18.0 to 19.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 25.0 to 30.0 mm long. It lives in primary and secondary forest. It lives in the same area as other frogs with the same ancestor frog: "Chiasmocleis bassleri" and "Ctenophryne geayi". It looks for food at night. People tend to see them sitting on plants no more than 25 cm above the ground.

When it is time to lay eggs, the male frogs go to ponds. They sing together for the female frogs. The female frogs lay eggs near the surface of the water. The tadpoles swim alone near the surface of the water during the day.

Scientsts found red ants in the stomach of one humming frog. They think this frog eats ants.

José Andrade

José Andrade (22 November 1901 - 5 October 1957) is an Uruguayan footballer. He enjoyed great success as a player for the Uruguay national football team, with which he also won the first World Cup. Andrade was described as an intelligent and calm player who never celebrated his goals exuberantly. He was a dynamic, fast and highly technical player who was able to dominate on the pitch without influencing his teammates. During his prime he was considered as one of the greatest defensive midfielders in the world.

Andrade was born in Salto in 1901 to an Argentine mother. José Ignacio Andrade, who is said to have been his father, is listed on his birth certificate as a witness. The elder Andrade, who was 98 years old when José Leandro Andrade was born, was an expert in African magic and is said to be an African-born slave who escaped from Brazil. At an early age, Andrade went to live with his aunt in a slum in Montevideo.

Prior to the introduction of professional football in Uruguay, Andrade held a number of jobs. At one point he worked as a carnival musician, playing mainly the drums. At various times in his life he also worked as a shoe shiner and as a newsboy.

In addition to his passion for music, Andrade was an avid footballer. In youth he played football for Miramar Misiones. In the early 1920s, Andrade signed with Bella Vista, where he went on to play 71 games and score 7 goals. It was at Bella Vista that Andrade was first selected to the national team. Andrade later moved to Nacional where he became four-time Uruguayan champions and three national cups. In 1930, Andrade moved to CA Peñarol, where he played 88 games in the years that followed. Andrade had previously trained with the club as a teenager but was not hired at the time. From the mid - 1930s, Andrade played for several Argentine clubs including CA Atlanta and CA Lanús CA Talleres. He also played a short stint with Wanderers in Uruguay before ending his career.

Andrade played 34 caps for the Uruguay national football team between 1923 and 1930, scoring once. 

Andrade won the South American Championship (predecessor to the Copa América ) of 1923, 1924 and 1926.

Andrade won his first Olympic gold medal at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. He was recognized as the first black international footballer in the Olympics. He was nicknamed maravilla negra ( the black miracle ), a nickname later used for Pelé.

After winning the Summer Olympics, the Uruguayans were challenged by Argentina to a diptych. In the second game at the Estadio Sportivo Barracas in Buenos Aires, Andrade was pelted with stones by the Argentine crowd, to which Andrade and his teammates responded by throwing the stones back. In the ensuing riots, a teammate was arrested and the Uruguayans refused to play out the rest of the game.

In 1928 Andrade won his second Olympic gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics, held in Amsterdam. During the semi-final against Italy, Andrade collided with one of the goal posts, resulting in a serious injury to his eye. This later deteriorated to the point that he became blind in that eye.

Despite not being at his peak, Andrade managed to become one of Uruguay's best players in the tournament, which the Uruguayans won. At the end of the tournament, he was named to the "All-Star team". In 1994 he was selected by France Football as number ten in their World Cup Top 100.

A plaque was placed in the Estadio Centenario in honor of his achievements.

Andrade was a guest at the 1950 World Cup, when Uruguay won the tournament for the second time. His cousin Víctor Rodríguez Andrade, a member of the 1950 winning team, had adopted Andrade as his middle name in honor of José Leandro Andrade. 

In 1956, when he was discovered by the German journalist Fritz Hack, he had descended from alcoholism and was living in a small flat in a poor area of ​​Montevideo. 

Andrade died in 1957 in the Piñeyro del Campo nursing home in Montevideo from the effects of tuberculosis. His burial took place at Cementerio del Cerro, Montevideo.





Chiasmocleis bassleri

Bassler's humming frog ("Chiasmocleis bassleri") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia, Brazil and Peru.

The adult male frog is 16.8 to 20.3 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 19.5 to 21.6 mm long. This frog lives in primary and secondary forest no higher than 300 meters above sea level. It lives in the same places as other frogs with the same ancestor frog: "Chiasmocleis tridactyla", "Chiasmocleis antenori", "Chiasmocleis carvalhoi", "Chiasmocleis anatipes", "Ctenophryne geayi", and others.

This frog is a uniform brown-gray color on its back with black marks near its middle. It has pink spots on its sides.

It looks for food at night. It can dig in the ground to make burrows. Human beings have seen it on the ground and as high as 20 cm up in the plants.

Tepic

Tepic (), is the largest city and capital of the municipality of the same name and of the State of Nayarit.


Chiasmocleis antenori

The Ecuador silent frog ("Chiasmocleis antenori") is a species of frog. It is in the family Microhylidae. They are from Ecuador, Peru and small parts of western Brazil.

The name ""antenori"" is for Antenor Leitão de Carvalho.

The male frog is 11.7 mm to 12.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The female is 12.3 mm to 13.8 mm long. Ecuador silent frogs are brown with a bluish-white stomachs. They have red irises in their eyes. The frogs have three fingers on their front feet and four toes on their back feet.

Yolanda Díaz

Yolanda Díaz Pérez (born 6 May 1971) is a Spanish politician and lawyer specialised in labour law, serving as Second Deputy Prime Minister since 2021 and Minister of Labour and Social Economy of the Government of Spain since 2020. A member of the Congress of Deputies since 2016, she has previously been a former Ferrol municipal councillor (2003–2012) and member of the Parliament of Galicia (2012–2016). She was the National Coordinator of Esquerda Unida (EU) from 2005 to 2017.



Ctenophryne geayi

The brown egg frog ("Ctenophryne geayi") is a species of frog. It is in the family Microhylidae. It lives in Suriname, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 32.2 to 43.3 mmt long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 42.4 to 55.1 mm long. This frog looks for food at night. This frog is easiest to find during the rainy season. That is when the females lay eggs. They lay eggs at the edges of ponds. The tadpoles hatch after 36 hours. They spend 12 hours stuck to the surface of the water before they start to swim.

Villers-Saint-Martin

Villers-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

National Guard (France)

The National Guard () is a French military, gendarmerie, and police reserve force, it is active in its current form since 2016 but was originally founded in 1789 during the French Revolution.

Reinhilde Decleir

Reinhilde Decleir (16 May 1948 – 6 April 2022) was a Flemish actress and director. In 2009, she had the lead role as Maria 'moemoe' Vangenechten in the television series "Van Vlees en Bloed".

Decleir died at the age of 73 from euthanasia in Borgerhout, Belgium while having cancer on 6 April 2022.

Shamsha Berkimbayeva

Shamsha Kopbaevna Berkimbayeva (; 10 October 1942 – 7 April 2022) was a Kazakh academic and politician. She was Minister of Education and Science from 2002 to 2003. 

Berkimbayeva died on 7 April 2022 at the age of 79.

Minori Matsushima

Matsushima was born in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. She died on April 8, 2022 at age 81 from pancreatic cancer.

José Vilariño

José Antonio Vilariño (19 May 1961 – 8 April 2022) was an Argentine engineer and politician. He was a member of the Victory Party. He was in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 1995 to 1999 and again from 2003 to 2015. He was born in San Ramón de la Nueva Orán, Argentina.

Vilariño died of cardiac arrest in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 8 April 2022 at the age of 60.

Chris Bailey (musician)

Christopher James Mannix Bailey (1957 – 9 April 2022) was an Australian singer-songwriter, musician and producer. He was the co-founder and singer of rock band the Saints. 

Bailey died on 9 April 2022 at the age of 65.

Michael Degen

Michael Degen (31 January 1932 – 9 April 2022) was a German-Israeli actor. His career began in 1963. His best known works were "Supermarket", "Beyond Good and Evil" and "Dr. M".

Degen survived the Holocaust as a child in Berlin. His father died in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1940.

Degen died on 9 April 2022 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 90.

Sergei Yashin

Sergei Anatolievich Yashin (6 March 1962 – 12 April 2022) was a Russian professional ice hockey left winger. Yashin played in the Soviet Hockey League for HC Dynamo Moscow. He was also a member of the Soviet Union national ice hockey team and played in the 1988 Winter Olympics where he won a gold medal. Yashin was born in Penza, Soviet Union.

Yashin died on 12 April 2022 at the age of 60.

Hans Junkermann

Hennes "Hans" Junkermann (6 May 1934 – 11 April 2022) was a German professional racing cyclist who won 35 road races in 18 seasons from 1956 to 1973. He won the German National Road Race in 1959, 1960, and 1961. Junkermann was born in St. Tönis, near Krefeld, Rhine Province. He rode the Tour de France eight times.

Junkermann died on 11 April 2022, aged 87.

Mohammad Hussain (cricketer)

Mohammad Hussain (8 October 1976 – 11 April 2022) was a Pakistani cricketer. He played in 2 Tests and 14 ODIs between 1996 and 1998. Hussain was born in Lahore, Pakistan.

Hussain died on 11 April 2022 at a hospital in Lahore from problems caused by kidney disease, aged 45.

Joe Horlen

Joel Edward Horlen (August 14, 1937 – April 11, 2022) an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1961 to 1972 for the Chicago White Sox and Oakland Athletics. He was born in San Antonio, Texas. 

In 2017, it was announced that he had Alzheimer's disease. He died on April 11, 2022 at the age of 84.

Gábor Görgey

Gábor Görgey (born "Artúr Görgey"; 22 November 1929 – 11 April 2022) was a Hungarian writer, poet, director and politician. He was Minister of Culture between 2002 and 2003. 

Görgey died on 11 April 2022 in Solymár, Hungary at the age of 92.

Eduardo Guardia

Eduardo Refinetti Guardia (January 19, 1966 – ) was a Brazilian economist and politician. He was the Finance Minister of Brazil from 2018 to 2019 during the Michel Temer presidency. He was Executive Secretary of the Ministry of Finance from 2016 and 2018 and Secretary of the National Treasury in the early 2000s. In 2019, he became a partner in and the CEO of BTG Pactual Asset management. Guardia was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

On April 11, 2022, it was announced that Guardia had died at the age of 56.

2022 New York City Subway attack

On April 12, 2022, at approximately 8:45 AM, a gunman opened fire on a subway car at 36th Street Station in Brooklyn, New York City, United States. At least 29 people were injured, 10 of whom were hit by gunfire. Authorities said none of the injuries were life-threatening. The gunman was reported to have used a smoke bomb before firing. 62 year-old Frank Robert James, the suspect, was later arrested by police. He is reported to have addresses in Philadelphia and in Wisconsin.

There is a $50,000 reward for information leading to James' arrest. New York City Mayor Eric Adams condemned the attack.

Mohammad Feyz Sarabi

Ayatollah Mohammad Feyz Sarabi (; 23 August 1928 – 11 April 2022) was an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician. He was a member of the 4th and 5thAssembly of Experts from the East Azerbaijan electorate from 2006 until his death. He was born in Sarab, East Azerbaijan, Iran.

Feyz Sarabi died on 11 April 2022 in Qom, Iran at the age of 93.

Daniel Defert

Daniel Defert (born 10 September 1937 died 7 February 2023) is a French sociologist and HIV/AIDS activist. He was a partner to academic Michel Foucault. Defert co-founded France's first AIDS advocacy group, AIDES, after Foucault's death from the disease.

Estela Rodríguez

Estela Rodríguez Villanueva (November 12, 1967 – April 10, 2022) was a Cuban judoka. She won silver medals at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics. She used the illegal diuretic drug called furosemide at the 1996 Olympics, but was only issued a warning and was allowed to keep her medals. She was born in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba. 

Rodríguez died in Havana, Cuba on April 10, 2022 from cardiac arrest at the age of 54.

Ray McKinley

Ray McKinley (June 18, 1910 – May 7, 1995) was an American jazz drummer, singer, and bandleader.

McKinley started working with local bands in the Dallas–Fort Worth area, before joining Smith Ballew in 1929, when he met Glenn Miller. The two formed a friendship that lasted from 1929 until Miller's death in 1944. McKinley and Miller joined the Dorsey Brothers in 1934. Miller left for Ray Noble in December 1934, while McKinley remained.
The Dorsey brothers split in 1935. McKinley remained with Jimmy Dorsey until 1939, when he joined Will Bradley, becoming co-leader. McKinley's biggest hit with Bradley, as a singer, was "Beat Me Daddy, Eight to the Bar", which he recorded early in the year 1940 (and for which he got partial songwriting credit under his wife's maiden name Eleanore Sheehy). McKinley is referred to as "Eight Beat Mack" in the lyrics to the song "Down the Road a Piece," which he recorded as a trio with Will Bradley and Freddie Slack in 1940. This was the earliest recording of the song, which was written specifically for Bradley's band by Don Raye.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records. The McKinley band was short-lived. When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944. Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader). Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.
But with the business in decline, by 1950 that band was history and McKinley began evolving into a part-time leader and sometime radio and TV personality.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records. The McKinley band was short-lived. When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944. Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader). Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.

Ray McKinley's last recording session was in 1977 for Chirascuro records. 

Hazem Nuseibeh

Hazem Zaki Nuseibeh (6 May 1922 – 10 April 2022), also spelled Nusseibeh and Nusaybah, was a Jordanian politician. He was Minister of Foreign Relations from 1962 until 1965. He was also a Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1976 until 1985. He was seen as one of the most important ideologists of Arab nationalism. Nuseibeh was born in Jerusalem, Mandatory Palestine. 

Nuseibeh died on 10 April 2022, one month before his 100th birthday.

Jill Knight

Joan Christabel Jill Knight, Baroness Knight of Collingtree, (; 9 July 1923 – 6 April 2022) was a British politician. She was a member of the Conservative Party. She was a Member of Parliament from 1966 to 1997. She was later a member of the House of Lords from 1997 until 2016. She was appointed an MBE in 1964 and DBE in 1985. Knight was born in Bristol, England.

Knight died on 6 April 2022, aged 98.

Oleksandr Bakumenko

Oleksandr Borysovych Bakumenko (; 29 April 1959 – 11 April 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of European Solidarity. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 2014 to 2019. 

Bakumenko died on 11 April 2022 at the age of 62.

Andrea Brillantes

Andrea Brillantes (born March 12, 2003) is a Filipino actress. She is known for Marga Bartolome in the Filipino show "Kadenang Ginto"

William Walker (cyclist)

William Walker (born 31 October 1985) is a retired Australian professional road racing cyclist. He was born in Subiaco, Western Australia. He won a silver medal at the 2005 UCI World Championships.

Walker retired in 2014 after having a case of ventricular tachycardia.

Problem Child (movie)

Problem Child is a 1990 American dark comedy movie directed by Dennis Dugan. It stars John Ritter, Michael Oliver, Amy Yasbeck, Gilbert Gottfried, Jack Warden, and Michael Richards. It was released on July 27, 1990 to strong negative critic reviews. The movie performed good at the box office.

It had two sequels, "Problem Child 2" (1991) and "" (1995).


Chiara Frugoni

Chiara Frugoni (4 February 1940 – 9 April 2022) was an Italian historian and academic. Her works focused in the Middle Ages and church history. She won the Viareggio Prize in 1994 for her essay, "Francesco e l'invenzione delle stimmate". She taught at the University of Pisa and at the University of Rome Tor Vergata.

Frugoni died on 10 April 2022, at the age of 82.

Chiasmocleis albopunctata

The white-spotted humming frog ("Chiasmocleis albopunctata") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Paraguay, Bolivia, and Brazil.

Chiasmocleis leucosticta

The Santa Catarina humming frog or Bokermann's humming frog ("Chiasmocleis leucosticta") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

John Drew (basketball)

John Edward Drew (September 30, 1954 – April 10, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played as a small forward. He played eleven seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1974 until 1984 for the Atlanta Hawks and Utah Jazz. Drew was a two-time NBA All-Star. Drew was born in Vredenburgh, Alabama.

Drew died of bone cancer on April 10, 2022 in Houston, Texas at the age of 67.

Philippe Boesmans

Philippe Boesmans (17 May 1936 – 10 April 2022) was a Belgian composer. He was known for composing operas. Boesmans was born in Tongeren, Belgium. He was composer in residence at the La Monnaie opera house in Brussels. He also composed the opera "Reigen" was premiered in 1993. His opera "Au monde" won the International Opera Award 2015.

Boesmans died after a short illness on 10 April 2022 in Brussels, Belgium, at the age of 85.

2022 Sacramento shooting

On April 3, 2022, at around 2:00 a.m. PDT, a mass shooting happened in downtown Sacramento, California, United States. Six people were killed, and 12 others were injured. The shooting was caused by a gang fight between Bloods and Crips members.

The shooting happened outside a well known bar and club area in Sacramento, blocks away from the California State Capitol building. The shooting caused damage to at least three buildings and three vehicles.

"The Sacramento Bee" described it as the "worst mass shooting in Sacramento's history". Five shooters are suspected to be involved in the incident.

President Joe Biden called on the United States Congress to work on new gun control measures. He proposed a requirement of checking people's background for gun purchases and a ban of ghost guns.

Brent Rivera

Brent Rivera is an American YouTuber and social media personality. He is mostly known for making funny videos on the 
video platforms TikTok and YouTube. 

Jim Kolbe

James Thomas Kolbe (born June 28, 1942 – December 3, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Arizona's 5th congressional district from 1985 until 2003 and for the 8th congressional district from 2003 until 2007.

Kolbe came out as gay in August 1996 after his vote in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act. He won re-election that year. In 2000, he became the first openly gay person to address the Republican National Convention.

In 2018, Kolbe left the Republican Party as a protest from President Donald Trump.

Kolbe supported Joe Biden for president in the 2020 presidential election.

In December 2022, Kolbe died from a stroke.

Kacy Catanzaro

Kacy Esther Catanzaro (born January 14, 1990) is an American professional wrestler, gymnast and television personality. She works for WWE on the NXT brand. Catanzaro was previously on "American Ninja Warrior". She was the first woman to complete a City Qualifiers course and the first woman to complete a City Finals course. 

Catanzaro was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. She grew up in nearby Belleville where she attended Belleville High School. Catanzaro is of Italian descent. She stands about 5 ft (1.524 m) tall and weighs . She began doing gymnastics at age 5. She attended Towson University in Towson, Maryland, from 2009 until 2012. At Towson, she studied early childhood education.

Catanzaro was a Junior Olympic gymnast. She began her training at age 6. She reached level 10 in 2007 and competed at the 2007 New Jersey Level 10 State Championships. At the State Championships, she placed fifth in the Senior-A division. In 2008, Catanzaro competed at the 2008 New Jersey Level 10 State Championships. This time she placed third. This allowed her to compete at the 2008 Junior Olympic National Championships. She finished 23rd overall at Nationals. She finished 6th on the balance beam.

Catanzaro competed in gymnastics for Towson in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). She started in the 2009 season. Catanzaro helped the Towson Tigers gymnastics team win the Eastern College Athletic Conference Championships in 2009 and 2010. In 2012, her senior year, she was the Southeast Regional Gymnast of the Year. She was also the 2012 Eastern College Athletic Conference Gymnast of the Year and was the top-ranked gymnast in that conference for that year.

Catanzaro worked for Alpha Warrior from February 2013. It is an obstacle-course gym in San Antonio, Texas. 

She spent two years training for "American Ninja Warrior". She did not complete the qualifying course in Venice, California, but was a wildcard at the 2013 finals.

In 2014, Catanzaro became the first woman to finish the qualifying course of "American Ninja Warrior" (season 6). She made it up the warped wall on her second try at 5:26.18 at the Dallas qualifiers. She was ranked 21 out of 30 people. She was also the first woman to ever make it up the warped wall in competition. Later in 2014, Catanzaro competed in the Dallas finals of "American Ninja Warrior". She was the first woman to complete a city finals course. She was only the second woman to attempt it. The first was Jessie Graff in season 5). Catanzaro qualified for the national finals in Las Vegas with a time of 8 minutes, 59 seconds. No other woman competed in a City Finals course matched until 2019.

On January 4, 2017, Catanzaro received a tryout with WWE at their WWE Performance Center. She had her first match at a NXT live event on April 19, in Sanford, Florida. She lost to Reina González.

Catanzaro continued to make appearances during 2018. She wrestles as a face and takes inspiration from WWE's Alexa Bliss's slogan "Five Feet of Fury". This also refers to Catanzaro's own small size. The 2nd episode of the Mae Young Classic aired on September 12, Catanzaro had her first televised match, She beat Reina Gonzalez in the first round match. On Episode 5, she lost in the second round to Rhea Ripley. On January 27, 2019, Catanzaro had her first match on the main roster. She entered the Royal Rumble at number 19 and lasting 10:45. She was eliminated by Ripley. Her first NXT match was on March 13.

In September 2019, it was reported that Catanzaro had quit the WWE and retired from professional wrestling because of a long term back injury. She returned on the January 15, 2020 episode of "NXT" in a women's battle royal. Catanzaro said that she took some time off because she had doubts about continuing in the Professional Wrestling business. On the September 16 episode of "NXT", Catanzaro teamed with Kayden Carter. They beat beat Jessi Kamea and Xia Li. The next week, she competed in a battle royal to chose the number one contender for the NXT Women's Championship. Catanzaro beat Indi Hartwell to reach the final four. She lost to Dakota Kai, with help from Candice LeRae. 

Catanzaro and Carter took part in the 2021 Women's Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic tournament. They beat Mercedes Martinez and Toni Storm in the quarterfinals. They were beaten by Dakota Kai and Raquel González in the semifinals. 

On the August 24 episode of "NXT", after beating Gigi Dolin and Jacy Jayne, Catanzaro and Carter said that they were going after the NXT Women's Tag Team Championship. They got their chance on the next episode but lost to champions Io Shirai and Zoey Stark.



Bridgerton

Bridgerton is an American series created by Chris Van Dusen and produced by Shonda Rhimes. It is based on Julia Quinn's novels set in the Regency era. It is Rhimes's first scripted Netflix show.

"Bridgerton"s first season was released on Netflix on December 25, 2020. 

In April 2021, it was announced the series had been renewed for a third and fourth season.
The Bridgerton siblings – Anthony, Benedict, Colin, Daphne, Eloise, Francesca, Gregory and Hyacinth – navigate the high London society in search of love, surrounded by friends and rivals . Each episode includes narration by Julie Andrews, who voices the anonymous and scandalous newsletter writer known as Lady Whistledown, who has knowledge of all the information in London, drawing everyone's interest, even Queen Charlotte.

Unlike the novel, the show is set in a racially integrated London where people of color are members of the high society of London at that time , some with titles granted by the queen. Van Dusen says the series is not "color-blind" because "that would imply that color and race were never considered, when color and race are part of the show."



Filming for the first season commenced in July 2019 and ended in late February 2020. "Bridgerton" was filmed in London and Bath, as well as at various estates and parks around England. Although the series takes place in London, most street scenes were filmed in Bath, York, and Chatham. The grounds of Wilton House were used for Hyde Park and the grounds of Somerley were used for Hampstead Heath. Garden scenes were filmed at Painshill near Cobham and the Commissioner's House in Chatham.

Filming locations included Ranger's House in Greenwich (standing in for the Bridgerton House exterior); Halton House at RAF Halton (Bridgerton House interior, Featheringtons' interior); Wilton House (Simon's Hastings House, Clyvedon estate interior, throne room); Syon House and Badminton House (Hastings House); Castle Howard (Clyvedon estate); Coneysthorpe (Clyvedon village); Hampton Court Palace and Lancaster House (St. James's Palace); Holburne Museum (Lady Danbury's estate); Hatfield House (Featheringtons' interior); No. 1 Royal Crescent 

Production on the second season began in March 2021. Production for the second season ended on November 20, 2021.
Kris Bowers arranged the songs and soundtrack of the series. The series included contemporary covers from popular songs such as Ariana Grande's "Thank u next" and Taylor Swift's "Wildest dream". The first season of the series featured 19 songs and soundtracks. 
"Bridgerton" was released on December 25, 2020. The teaser and promotional posters were released in the months prior. The second season was released on March 25, 2022.

For the first season, the website Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 87% based on 97 reviews, with an average rating of 7.9/10. 
For the second season, Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 79% based on 76 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10.

Following the series success, Netflix in May 2021 ordered a prequel series from Shonda Rhimes. It is to focus on the love life of young Queen Charlotte. 

Little Trees

Little Trees (Also called Wunder Baum, Arbre Magique and Magic Tree in the United Kingdom until 2011) is a company that makes car fresheners shaped like evergreen trees. Little Trees is owned by Car Freshener Corporation. Little Trees are usually hung from rear-view mirrors. They were invented in 1952 by Julius Samann, a Jewish Canadian who left Germany to escape the Nazis. Little Trees usually last a month before losing their smell. In November 2015, Car Freshener Corporation made one hundred million USD a year. In 2022, it was making $84.5 million a year.

Little Trees were invented in 1952 by Julius Sämann in a rented garage in Watertown, New York. Julius Samann was a Jew from Germany who left Germany and immigrated to Canada at the start of World War II to escape the Nazis. In Canada, Sämann studied the smell of Alpine Trees for five years. Sämann invented Little Trees after a milk driver complained to him about the smell of spilled milk. Julius Samann filed a patent for Little Trees in 1954. Little Trees was the first car freshener.

The headquarters is in Watertown, New York, but it has 2 factories in total in the United States. The other factory is in Dewitt, Iowa. There used to be a third factory in Berlin, New Hampshire, but in April 2012 it was announced that it would close. Little Trees had several locations in Watertown in the 1950s and 1960s. Little Trees has around 310 people working at the factories in the United States. Little Trees is called Wunder Baum in Germany, Poland, Norway, Finland and Sweden. Little Trees is called Arbre Magique in France, Spain and Italy. Little Trees was called Magic Trees in the United Kingdom until they announced they would change their name to Little Trees in 2011. On March 22, 2020 the factory in Watertown, New York closed for a short time and fired many workers because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cheryl Mayforth estimated that 20 to 30 percent of workers would be fired by the end of the pandemic.

The company is very serious about its trademark and has filed over 70 lawsuits.

Hanging things from rear-view mirrors in a way that could make it hard for drivers to see is illegal in Quebec, Switzerland, and Luxembourg. It is also illegal in the United States states of Minnesota, California, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Illinois, and Texas. It is illegal to hang objects from rear-view mirrors in Virginia, but police can not stop a car for it.

Little Trees has been in many movies. Little Trees is on the cover of Rear View, a 2004 novel made by Pete Duval.

Little Trees have been in movies like Ocean's Eleven (2001). Little Trees were also in Uncut Gems (2019), (2020), Hooking Up (2020) and Lorelei (2020). In Seven (1995), Little Trees were hung from the ceiling in a room where a murder happened to hide the smell of a dead body. In The Fisher King Robin Williams wears a Little Tree around his neck. In Grumpy Old Men Walter Matthau hangs six Little Trees from the rear-view mirror to hide the smell of dead fish.

In 2009 Jack Williams made "Forest", he hung 350 Little Trees from the ceiling. He did it because he liked the smell of Little Trees.


Chiasmocleis bicegoi

The Cecilia humming frog ("Chiasmocleis bicegoi") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Chiasmocleis albopunctata", but they decided in 2018 that it is not.

Tornado outbreak

A tornado outbreak happens when a single storm creates multiple tornadoes. There have been many tornado outbreaks in the United States. A tornado outbreak can happen very quickly, or happen over the course of a few days.

Deaths in March 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.































Shrimad Vidyadheesh Teerth Swamiji

Shrimad Vidhyadheesh Teerth Swami (born 16 October 1995), also referred to as Shri Vidhyadhish Teerth Swamiji, became head (Mathadipathi) of the Gokarna Partagali Math in July 2021. He is the 24th successive person of Gokarna Math according to "Guru Parampara."

Shrimad Vidhyadhish Teerth Swamiji, the predecessor Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth Swamiji as mathadipathi, attained moksha on 19 July 2021. In accordance with the guru–shishya tradition followed by the math, He had initiated Vidhyadhish Teerth as the shishya who would succeed him upon his death and thus Vidhyadhish Teerth became the new mathadipathi. He officially took charge on 30 July 2021 at Partagali, Poinginim, Canacona, Goa.

Chiasmocleis hudsoni

Hudson's humming frog ("Chiasmocleis hudsoni") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, and Suriname.

Kids Street

Kids Street is an American pay television channel. It is operated by Condista Networks aimed at the 3 to 7-year-old Latino market in the United States. The channel launched on Comcast Xfinity systems on January 6, 2017.

The channel operates an evening/late night block aimed at older audiences called Family Central Explorer. All programming aired on Kids Street is offered in English with Spanish available as a secondary audio program. The channel was added to Charter Spectrum on June 30, 2020.
In September 2020, the channel changed its name from "Kids Central" to its current name of "Kids Street."


TV Venezuela

TV Venezuela (also known as TVV) is a Venezuelan-American television channel. It airs in the United States for the Venezuelan diaspora. It features programming from many Venezualan television networks.

Blood Hook

Blood Hook is a 1986 American horror comedy movie directed by Jim Mallon and starring Mark Jacobs, Lisa Todd, Patrick Danz, Sara Hauser, Christopher Whiting, Paul Heckman. It was distributed by Troma Entertainment.

Des McAnuff

Desmond Steven McAnuff (born June 19, 1952) is the Canadian-American former artistic director of Canada's Stratford Festival and director of such Broadway musical theatre productions such as "Big River", "The Who's Tommy" and "Jersey Boys".

Battle of Sievierodonetsk (2022)

The Battle of Sievierodonetsk was a military engagement that started on 6 May 2022. It is located in the Luhansk Oblast; however, Russia uses another name, for the oblast - Luhansk People's Republic.

By 29 May 2022, Russian forces were engaged in close quarters fighting with Ukrainian soldiers; Combat was taking place in the "middle of the city", according to media. On 25 June, Russian LPR forces captured the city and advanced on the nearby city of Lysychansk.

Monégasque dialect

Monégasque (; ; ) is the type of Ligurian spoken in Monaco, where it is the national language. Although it is not an official language of Monaco (which is only French), it does enjoy an official status, and it is taught in schools and is compulsory.

Nicholas I of Montenegro

Nikola I Petrović-Njegoš (; – 1 March 1921) was the ruler of Montenegro from 1860 to 1918. He was the prince from 1860 to 1910. He was the country's only king, which was from 1910 to 1918. After Austria-Hungary collapsed in 1918, Montenegro joined the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Adjoa Andoh

Adjoa Andoh is a British actress. She is mostly known for playing Lady Dunbary in the Netflix series "Bridgerton". 

Didymosphenia geminata

Didymosphenia geminata, commonly known as didymo or rock snot, is a species of diatom.
The current distribution of Didymospenia Geminata are mostly in:


Lorraine Ashbourne

Lorraine Ashbourne (born 10 April 1961) is a British actress.

Phoebe Dynevor

Phoebe Harriet Dynevor (; born 17 April 1995) is a British actress. She began her career as a child actress, appearing in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2010). She then had recurring roles in the BBC drama series "Prisoners' Wives" (2012–2013) and "Dickensian" (2015–2016), the TV Land comedy-drama series "Younger" (2017–2021), and a main role in the Crackle crime series "Snatch" (2017–2018).

Dynevor gained international fame for her role as Daphne Bridgerton in the Netflix period drama series "Bridgerton" (2020–present).

Phoebe Harriet Dynevor was born on 17 April 1995 in Trafford, Greater Manchester.

Dick Murphy

Richard M. Murphy (born December 16, 1942) is a former American politician and lawyer. He was the 33rd mayor of San Diego, California from 2000 to 2005.

Scinax nasicus

The lesser snouted tree frog or common washroom frog ("Scinax nasicus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Bolivia.

Vlak (video game)

Vlak () is a 1993 freeware video game for DOS developed and published by Miroslav Němeček. The game was very popular because it cost nothing and was small, at only 13 kB.

A sequel, Vlak 2, came out in 2002.

The train is moved to collect cars, planes, diamonds and other objects, which are collected in attached wagons. Collecting all the objects unlocks the golden gate to the next level. If the train touches walls or wagons, the level restarts. There are 50 levels, which are available with passwords.


Lovington, Illinois

Lovington is a village in Moultrie County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,069 at the 2020 census.

Jürgen Reents

Reents died on 7 April 2022, aged 72.

Garrett Burnett

Garrett "Rocky" Burnett (September 23, 1975 — April 11, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim of the National Hockey League in the 2003–04 season.

Burnett died on April 11, 2022 at the age of 46.

Larysa Khorolets

Larysa Ivanivna Khorolets (; 25 August 1948 – 12 April 2022) was a Ukrainian actress and politician. She was the 1st Minister of Culture of Ukraine from 1991 until 1992 during Leonid Kravchuk presidency. Khorolets was born in Kyiv, Ukraine.

Khorolets died on 12 April 2022 in Kyiv at the age of 73.

Irina Vorobieva

Irina Nikolayevna Vorobieva (; June 30, 1958 – April 12, 2022) was a Russian pair skater. She competed for the Soviet Union. She and Igor Lisovsky were the 1981 World champions and the 1981 European champions. They were married. She came in 4th at the 1976 Olympics. Vorobieva was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union.

Vorobieva died on April 12, 2022 in Colorado Springs, Colorado at the age of 63.

Michel Bouquet

Michel Bouquet (6 November 1925 – 13 April 2022) was a French actor. He was in more than 100 movies from 1947 to 2020. He won the Best Actor European Film Award for "Toto the Hero" in 1991 and two Best Actor Césars for "How I Killed My Father" (2001) and "The Last Mitterrand" (2005). He received the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor in 2018. Bouquet was born in Paris, France.

Bouquet died on 13 April 2022 at a hospital in Paris, aged 96.

Charles Maurras

Charles-Marie-Photius Maurras (; ; 20 April 1868 – 16 November 1952) was a French author, politician, poet, and critic. His philosophies influenced many 20th century ideologies.

MS Achille Lauro

The MS "Achille Lauro" was an Italian cruise ship registered in Naples and built between 1939 and 1947 in the Netherlands under the name of "Willem Ruys." It burned in the Indian Ocean off Somalia in 1994.

She was hijacked by the Palestinian Liberation Front, where Jewish American Leon Klinghoffer was shot dead and thrown overboard from this cruise ship in 1985.


Deaths in April 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in April 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.






























Royalism

Royalism is the political ideology that supports a specific monarch (king, queen, or pretender) as head of state for a country. Royalism is not to the same as monarchism, which supports a monarchical system of government, but not always a specific monarch. For example, in 19th-century France, a royalist might be either a Legitimist, Bonapartist, or an Orléanist. 

First Italo-Ethiopian War

The First Italo-Ethiopian War was a conflict between the Ethiopian Empire and the Kingdom of Italy during the Scramble for Africa from 1895 to 1896, initiated by the disputed Treaty of Wuchale where the Italians tried to convert Ethiopia into an Italian Protectorate.

The Italians would invade Ethiopia from Eritrea until they would be besieged by the Ethiopian forces in the Fort of Mek'ele, finally the Italians would sign the Treaty of Addis Ababa where the conflict would end where the sovereignty of Ethiopia would be recognized, this would bring years later the consequence of the Second Italo-Ethiopian War, which occurred between 1935 and 1936.


Milan, Ohio

Milan ( ) is a village in Erie and Huron counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 1,371 at the 2020 census. It is the birthplace of Thomas Alva Edison, the inventor of light bulb.

Biomagnification

Biological magnification or biomagnification is the increase in concentration of a substance. A pesticide, for example, may increase in the tissues of organisms. This increase can occur as a result of:

Pesticides or heavy metals work their way into lakes, rivers and the ocean. They may move up the food chain in progressively greater concentrations as they are eaten by aquatic organisms such as zooplankton, which in turn are eaten perhaps by fish, which then may be eaten by bigger fish, large birds, animals, or humans. The substances become increasingly concentrated in tissues or internal organs as they move up the chain. Bioaccumulants are substances that increase in concentration in living organisms as they take in contaminated air, water, or food because the substances are very slowly metabolized or excreted.

Scinax acuminatus

The Mato Grosso snouted tree frog ("Scinax acuminatus") is a frog that lives in Mato Grosso and Mato Grosso do Sul in Brazil. It also lives in Paraguay, Argentina, and Bolivia.

List of German scientists

This is a list of German scientists.


Colombey-les-Deux-Églises

Colombey-les-Deux-Églises () is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France. It was the home of Charles de Gaulle, leader of the French Resistance.

Autograph book

An autograph book is a book for collecting the autographs of others. Traditionally, they were exchanged among friends, colleagues, and classmates to fill with poems, drawings, personal messages, small pieces of verse, and other mementos.

Maurrassisme

Maurrassisme is a political ideology made by Charles Maurras during the 20th century, which is popular with the "Action française" movement. "Maurassisme" supports integral nationalism, monarchism, corporatism and national syndicalism.

Bart Howard

Bart Howard was the composer for the song "Fly Me to the Moon" also titled "In Other Words".

Miguel Primo de Rivera

Miguel Primo de Rivera y Orbaneja, 2nd Marquess of Estella (8 January 1870 – 16 March 1930), was a dictator and military officer who was the Prime Minister of Spain from 1923 to 1930 during the Restoration era.

John V of Portugal

"Dom" John V (; 22 October 1689 – 31 July 1750) was King of Portugal from 9 December 1706 until his death in 1750. 

Joseph I of Portugal

"Dom" Joseph I (, ; 6 June 1714 – 24 February 1777) was King of Portugal from 31 July 1750 until his death in 1777. 

Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor

Leopold I (Leopold Ignaz Joseph Balthasar Felician; ; 9 June 1640 – 5 May 1705) was the Holy Roman Emperor, King of Hungary, Croatia, and Bohemia. 

Neil Fanning

Neil Fanning (born 12 April 1967) is an Australian actor, safety supervisor, stuntman and voice artist. He is best known for voicing the titular character in the live-action movie adaptation "Scooby-Doo" and its sequel "". Fanning's entertainment career has spanned over 30 years performing live shows and over 50 movie, commercial and television roles.


Cebu North Road

The Cebu North Road, also known as Cebu North Hagnaya Wharf Road is a road starting from Cebu City to San Remigio in the province of Cebu.
The route markers were added in 2014, with National Route 8 (N8) for the Cebu to Danao section, and National Route 810 (N810) for the Danao to Bogo section.

Empire of China (1915–1916)

The Empire of China (1915-1916) was a short-lived nation (1915–1916), which was established by the president of China at that time, Yuan Shikai, who would be crowned Emperor of China since the Qing Empire collapsed during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution led by Sun Yat-sen. The Empire will shortly after disintegrate due to the period known as the Age of the Warlords, which separated China for many years. 

Lucas Lira

Lucas Lira (born Lucas Lira Soares, 16 April 1994) is a Brazilian youtuber.

Lira was born in Samambaia Norte, Brasilia, Brazil. He is the creator of the YouTube channel "Invento na Hora." It is one of the top 100 on YouTube Brazil. After high school, Lira studied web design. He also worked as a photo editor, clerk and lottery assistant. After this, he decided to create the channel Invento na Hora on YouTube .

Lira began posting videos on YouTube in 2012. He wanted to express his opinions on many subjects in 2010 but did not have a camera for recordings until 2012. The name "Invento na Hora" came from the fact that he did not plan any scripts for the videos. It translates as ""I invent on the spot"" Glasses, bandanas and caps were part of the channel's early identity. He later stopped using them. 

In 2014, Lucas Lira was a part of the "Phenomenon of the Internet", from "the Eliana Program", on SBT. One of his 2013 videos had gone viral on the web. He did not win the competition but was ranked first in Twitter's Trending Topics. This gave "Invento na Hora" more visibility. In November 2014, Lucas Lira reached 1 million subscribers.

Because of his recognition as a youtuber, he has participated in other television programs. These include "Legendários", "Programa Raul Gil" and "Domingo Legal" . In 2016, he wrote the book "Minha Vida Antes do Invento na Hora". It mainly tells stories from when he was younger. In the same year, he was the winner of "Entubados." It is a reality show for youtubers on the Sony channel.

As of April 2022. the "Invento Na Hora" channel has more than 14 million subscribers. Lira also has almost 6 million Instagram followers and over 3 million Twitter followers . 

Lira has been dating youtuber Sunaika Bruna de Souza since 2014. They became engaged to be married in 2020. They have been in several videos together since when they started dating. On July 5, 2020, it was announced that the two were expecting their first child. Their son, Noah de Souza Lira Soares, was born in February 2021.

In 2015, Lucas left his parents' house and moved to São Paulo He lived there for 6 years. In 2021, he returned to live in Brasília. 

Vila Nova de Gaia

Vila Nova de Gaia () is a city and a municipality in Porto District in Norte Region, Portugal. It is located south of the city of Porto on the other side of the Douro River. There was a population of 178,255 people in 2001. 

2022 KwaZulu-Natal floods

In April 2022, many days of heavy rain across KwaZulu-Natal in southeastern South Africa caused deadly floods. Areas that were affected were in and around Durban. At least 306 people have been reported dead, and several thousand homes were damaged or destroyed.

It is the deadliest storm in South African history, one of the deadliest natural disasters in the country in the 21st century, and the deadliest storm since the 2019 Durban Easter floods.

Charnett Moffett

Charnett Moffett (June 10, 1967 – April 11, 2022) was an American jazz bassist.

Moffett began playing bass in the family band in 1975 at the age of eight. In the mid-1980s, he played with Wynton Marsalis and Branford Marsalis. In 1987 he recorded his debut album "Netman" for Blue Note Records. 

He also performed on many movie soundtracks, including "Glengarry Glen Ross" (1992),"The Visit" (2001) and "The Score" (2001).

Moffett died at a hospital in Stanford, California on April 11, 2022 from a heart attack, aged 54.


Letizia Battaglia

Letizia Battaglia (; 5 March 1935 – 13 April 2022) was an Italian photographer and photojournalist. She was born in Palermo, Italy. Her photos were about the Sicilian Mafia and life in Sicily.

Battaglia died on 13 April 2022 in Cefalù, Italy at the age of 87.

Cefalù

Cefalù (), the classical Cephaloedium (), is a city and comune in the Italian Metropolitan City of Palermo.


French language in Lebanon

The French language in Lebanon started in 1920 after the French conquered Syria and Lebanon from the Ottomans after World War One. Ever since then the French language has been influenced in the Lebanese dialect, such as with “Bonjour kifak”. "Bonjour" means "Good morning" in French, and "Kifak" means "How are You?" in the Lebanese dialect of Arabic. The two languages are combined to say "Hello, How are you?" in conversation.

Desai Williams

Desai Williams (June 12, 1959 – April 2022) was a Canadian sprinter. He won an Olympic bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay in 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born in Basseterre, St. Kitts and Nevis.

Williams was fired as a coach by Athletics Canada in 2015. An investigation found that Williams had violated the organization's sexual harassment policy while a coach in 2010. In 2018, he was handed a lifetime ban by Athletics Canada.

Williams died in April 2022 at the age of 62.

Freddy Rincón

Freddy Eusebio Rincón Valencia (; 14 August 1966 – 13 April 2022) was a Colombian professional footballer. He played 84 games for the Colombia national team between 1990 and 2001. He was born in Buenaventura, Colombia.

At club level he played for Independiente Santa Fé, América de Cali (Colombia), Napoli (Italy), Real Madrid (Spain), Palmeiras, Santos, and Corinthians (Brazil). His playing career lasted from 1986 until 2004.

On 11 April 2022, Rincón was hospitalized with head injuries after being in a car crash in Cali, Colombia. He died two days later from his injuries, aged 55.

Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca

Buenaventura is a coastal seaport city in the department of Valle del Cauca, Colombia (South America). Buenaventura (Spanish for "good fortune") is the main port of Colombia in the Pacific Ocean.

The city is part of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network after it was named "City of Gastronomy" in 2017.

Artocarpus integer

Artocarpus integer is a green, scaly fruit that is normally shaped like a pear.

Rashad al-Alimi

Rashad Muhammad al-Alimi (born 1954) is a Yemeni politician. He is the Chairman of the Presidential Leadership Council since 7 April 2022.

Jonathan Bailey

Jonathan Bailey is a British actor. He has had roles in shows such as "Leonardo","Broadchurch" (2013–15), "W1A" , and "Crashing" (2016). In 2020,he was cast for the role of Viscount Anthony Bridgerton in the Netflix series "Bridgerton".

H.E.R.

Gabriella Sarmiento Wilson (born June 27, 1997), known professionally as H.E.R. (an acronym for "Having Everything Revealed"), is an American R&B singer-songwriter and actress. She won two Grammy Awards in 2019, another one in 2021 and the Academy Award for Best Original Song also in 2021.

Gabriella Sarmiento Wilson was born in Vallejo, California to a Filipina-American mother and an African American father and raised in California's San Francisco Bay Area.

Her first album "H.E.R." (2017), was nominated for five Grammy Awards, winning Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Album.

Her second album, "I Used to Know Her", was nominated for five Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year and Song of the Year for "Hard Place". 

In 2021, she won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for "I Can't Breathe" and the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Fight for You" from the movie "Judas and the Black Messiah" with her also winning the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance.

Her debut full-length album "Back of My Mind" was released in June 2021.

In August 2021, she was cast in the upcoming movie remake version of "The Color Purple", playing the role of Squeak. 

Ruby Barker

Ruby Barker (born 23 December 1996) is a British actress. She is best known for playing Marina Thompson in the Netflix television series Bridgerton.

Castle of Macconago

Macconago Castle () is a castle defensive of medieval origin in the ancient village of Macconago, a locality in the municipality of Milan near the Prada Foundation, inside the Mirasole Oasis.

The history of the castle of Macconago dates back to 1030 when a square defensive structure was first erected, completed in 1040 with the construction of a series of watchtowers. The structure was entrusted in castellania to the Pusterla family (whose coats of arms can still be admired today at the two main entrances on the front and back), which however fell out of favor with the Visconti, who definitively requisitioned the castle, later entrusted to the Vimercati family, then passing to the Calchi family, the Marliani, the Ferrario, the Tarlaini, the Greppi and the Gavanas, current owners of the structure.

The structure of the castle, with the typical square plan, has watchtowers and embattled walkways that have also undergone various transformations and extensions over the centuries. The castle is organized on three floors, of which the only original from the fourteenth century is in the basement, being the one less altered by subsequent interventions.

Inside, the structure retains traces of Renaissance-era graffiti. On the ground floor there are also some period stables. In front of the castle there is also a church dating back to the 18th century.


Bessie Carter

Bessie Beatrice Carter (born 25 October 1993) is an British actress. She is known for her role as Evie Wilcox on the BBC television series "Howards End" (2017) and Violet Woodhouse on the ITV television series "Beecham House" (2019).

Nicola Coughlan

Nicola Mary Coughlan (born 9 January 1987) is an Irish actress. She is mostly known for playing the role of Penelope Fetherington in the Netflix series Bridgerton. 

Castle of Cassino Scanasio

Cassino Scanasio Castle () is a castle defensive of medieval origin. It is in the ancient village of Rozzano near the Prada Foundation, inside the Mirasole Oasis.

The Castle of Cassino Scanasio dates back to 1000 AD. In some documents, the presence of a fortified rural building called " “casinae scanasane” " with appurtenances on the surrounding land is mentioned for the first time.

The real turning point for the structure came at the beginning of the sixteenth century when the complex was bought by the Milanese family of Trivulzio. They changed it from a fortress into a real country house, having the characteristic towers built cylindrical.

In 1836, the castle was bought by the Visconti di Modrone family.

The castle, with a quadrangular structure, stands near the West Milan ring road, in a position that was once strategic for controlling both access to the capital of the Duchy of Milan from that point and the surrounding countryside.

Once surrounded by a moat with water, the same was filled by hiding the base of the towers which therefore appear more squat than normal, and which were built after the walls. Access to the structure is possible through a brick ravelin that replaces what once must have been a wooden drawbridge.

It is accessed through the masonry bridge that connects to the main entrance on whose key of the arch the visonteo snake is imprinted.


Castle of Tolcinasco

Tolcinasco Castle () is a medieval defensive castle in the ancient village of Tolcinasco, a locality in the municipality of Opera near the Prada Foundation, inside the Mirasole Oasis.

The Tolcinasco Castle was built by the D'Adda family in the sixteenth century. It is a rare example of an agricultural fortress to protect the surrounding countryside and the food supplies contained within it.

The castle, with the surrounding land, has become the seat of a golf course, started by Arnold Palmer. In 2018, after restoration, the castle was reopened to visitors.

The castle is a large block structure, with four towers on the sides that defended the granary inside. The ground floor, less than three meters high, was originally a food store, and was accessible from the wagons directly from the outside for loading and unloading. Access to the main floor of the building was by outdoor stairways. Around the castle today there are the large farmhouses where the farmers who worked for the estate lived, together with the stables for farmed animals.


Roman Dmowski

Roman Stanisław Dmowski ( , 9 August 1864 – 2 January 1939) was a Polish politician and co-founder of the National Democracy political movement.

Angerme

, previously , is a Japanese idol girl group from the musical collective Hello! Project. There have been nine generations and twelve departures. In November 2021, the group had nine members.

On April 4, Tsunku announced on his blog that a new girl group consisting of Hello! Pro Egg members would be formed. The members would consist of Ayaka Wada, Yuuka Maeda, and Kanon Fukuda, all formerly of Shugo Chara Egg!, as well as fellow Egg Saki Ogawa. The group leader was Ayaka. A month later, on May 7, 2009, he revealed that the group would be called "Smileage". 

After releasing three singles, Tsunku announced that the group would become a full-time group in the spring of 2010 and their debut was set for May 2010. The group made their official event debut in Nagoya on March 19, with their fourth single "Otona ni Narutte Muzukashii!!!", released March 14, their first release on the Up-Front Works label.
Their first major single, "Yume Miru Fifteen", was released on May 26. Their debut album, "Warugaki 1", was released on December 8, 2010. On December 30, Smileage received the Japan Record Award for Best New Artist.




Tumbleweed Connection

Tumbleweed Connection is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Elton John. It was released in October 1970 in the UK and in January 1971 in the United States. It was largely inspired by country and western music.

All tracks are written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, except where noted.

Tidewater

The Tidewater region is a low-lying region in the state of Virginia. It's well known for the Tidewater Accent.

Cajun English

Cajun English is a dialect spoken predominantly by Cajuns in southern Louisiana. It can be described as being akin to AAVE with some French zest. 

Features of this dialect include nonrhoticity r-dropping, glide deletion of the long "i", possible h-dropping, similar grammar to AAVE, etc.

H-dropping

H-dropping, also called h-deletion is not saying the letter "h", making "house" and "hit" sound like "ouse" and "it".

Rui Barbosa State School

Rui Barbosa State School is a Brazilian school in Campo Grande, founded on March 1, 1972. 

In 1970, 3 rooms were built for catechesis, a missionary work of the Salesians, at the request of parents who were already working in the community. Literacy classes started in October. 

In 1971, 14 more classrooms were built, in a joint effort by the community. The construction material was donated by the Campo Grande society linked to the Salesian Mission. 

Promotions were carried out with the objective of seeking financial resources to complete the work. As the SED proves the need to create and authorize the Paulo VI Parish Gymnasium to operate, as of March 1, 1972, an agreement was signed between SED and the Paulo VI Social Work, creating the Rui Barbosa State College. This name was chosen due to the death of Rui Barbosa . 

Ilkka Kanerva

Ilkka Armas Mikael Kanerva (28 January 1948 – 14 April 2022) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1975 until 2022. He was born in Lokalahti, now a part of Uusikaupunki, Finland. Kanerva was Deputy Prime Minister of Finland for a few months in 1991. 

Kanerva was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2007 to 2008. Kanerva was a member of the National Coalition Party. Kanerva was the Minister of Labour from 1975 until 2022. 

Kanerva died after a short-illness in Turku, Finland on 14 April 2022 at the age of 74.

Russian cruiser Moskva

Moskva (), formerly Slava (), was a guided missile cruiser of the Russian Navy. She was named after the city of Moscow. She was the flagship of the Russian Black Sea Fleet and had led Russia's naval assault on Ukraine. It had a crew of 510.

On 13 April 2022, two Ukrainian officials said that "Moskva" had been hit by Ukrainian anti-ship missiles and exploded. The Russian Ministry of Defense said the ship was seriously damaged after a fire caused a munitions explosion. The next day, the ship had sunk.

Rear-view mirror

A Rear-view mirror is a mirror inside of a vehicle. 

Hanging objects like Little Trees from rear-view mirrors is illegal in Luxembourg, Switzerland, and Quebec.

Sonny Caldinez

Sonny Caldinez (1 July 1932 – 12 April 2022) was a Trinidadian actor and professional wrestler. He played many Ice Warriors on the British programme "Doctor Who" and also in the movies such as "The Man with the Golden Gun", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Ali G Indahouse", "Arabian Adventure" and "The Fifth Element".

Caldinez died on 12 April 2022, at the age of 89.

Alex Gilady

Alex Gilady (9 December 1942 – 13 April 2022) was an Iranian-born Israeli journalist and sports official.

Gilady became a sports commentator for television in 1968. From 1981 to 1996, he was vice president of the channel NBC Sports, and from 1985 to 2008 he was the Chairman of the Television Commission of the IAAF. 

In 1994, Gilady became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). In 2020, Gilady was Vice-Chairman for the Coordination Commission for the 2020 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo.

Gilady died on 13 April 2022 in London, England from cancer, aged 79.

Deaths in May 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in May 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting. Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source. 








Four Books and Five Classics

The Four Books and Five Classics (Chinese: 四書五經; pinyin: "Sìshū Wǔjīng") are books about Confucianism written in China before 300 BCE. The Four Books and Five Classics are the most important books written about Chinese Confucianism. 

The Four Books (四書; "Sìshū") are Chinese classic texts that explain the important parts of Confucianism. During the Song dynasty, Zhu Xi chose them because he thought they would help people learn more about Confucianism. In the Ming and Qing dynasties, people who wanted to take the civil service examination had to read them. The Four Books are:

Great Learning

This book was originally one chapter in the "Book of Rites." The main part of the book is a short section which people believe Confucius wrote. There are also nine chapters of commentary written by Zengzi, who was one of Confucius's students. Zengzi wrote that this book is the "gateway to learning."

Doctrine of the Mean

This book was originally another chapter in the "Book of Rites". The purpose of this small, 33-chapter book is to explain the way that people should live by following certain Confucian rules. It focuses on the Way (道) that everyone should follow, not just leaders. If people follow these instructions by learning and teaching, it will automatically result in a Confucian virtue. Because the way to perfect virtue has been explained, it is not difficult to follow.

Analects

This book is a collection of speeches that Confucius and his students gave. This book also contains discussions they had with each other. Analetics had a big impact on philosophy and morals in China, as well as other countries in East Asia.

Mencius

This book is a collection of conversations that the scholar Mencius had with different kings.

The Five Classics (五經; "Wǔjīng") are five Chinese books that were written before the Qin dynasty. They are part of the traditional Confucian canon. Several of the books were already well-known by the Warring States period. Mencius, the main Confucian scholar at that time, thought that the "Spring and Autumn Annals" were just as important as the very well-known books written in earlier periods. During the Western Han dynasty, which used Confucianism as its official ideology, these books became part of the state-sponsored curriculum. During this time period, people started to think of these books as belonging together in a set, and to call them the "Five Classics". The Five Classics are:

Classic of Poetry

This book is a collection of 305 poems. It has 160 folk songs, 105 festal songs which were sung during court ceremonies, and 40 hymns and eulogies which were sung during sacrifices to heroes and the spirits of people's ancestors. 

Book of Documents

This book is a collection of documents and speeches. People believe they were written by rulers and officials during and before the early Zhou period. It might be the oldest Chinese narrative, and could be as old as the 6th century BC. It has early examples of Chinese prose. 

Book of Rites

This book explains how ancient rites and ceremonies were performed. The version of this book that people are currently studying was edited by scholars in the 3rd century BC, and is not the original. The original book may have been edited by Confucius himself.

I Ching (Book of Changes)

This book explains a divination system to predict the future. It is similar to Western geomancy and African Ifá. In Western cultures and East Asia, people still use it to predict the future. 

"Spring and Autumn Annals"

This book is a historical record of the State of Lu from 722–481 BC. The State of Lu is where Confucius was from. 
The "Classic of Music" is sometimes considered the sixth classic but was lost.

Right to a healthy environment

The right to a healthy environment or the right to a supportable and healthy environment is a human right. It is openly supported by human rights organizations and environmental organizations. The purpose is to protect the ecological systems that provide human health. The right was accepted by the United Nations Human Rights Council. It was during its 48th session in October 2021 in HRC/RES/48/13. The right is often based on the human rights defense by environmental defenders. Examples include land defenders, water protectors and indigenous rights activists.
The right is connected with other health-focused human rights. Examples include the human right to water and cleanliness, right to food and right to health. The right to a healthy environment uses a human rights propose to protect the quality of environment. This addresses the results of environmental harm upon individual humans. It is as opposed to the more traditional point of view of environmental regulation. It focuses on results to other states or the environment itself. Another point of view to environmental protection is the rights of nature. It tries to extend the rights enjoyed by humans as well as teamworks to nature.

The right creates a duty of the state. The duties include regulation and enforcement of environmental laws, control of pollution, and justice and protections for communities harmed by environmental problems. The right to a healthy environment has been an important right for creating environmental legal examples for climate change litigation and other environmental issues.
In the past, there were major United Nations' human rights tools like the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights or International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. These do not recognize the right to a healthy environment. The 1972 Stockholm Declaration recognizes the right but is not a legally binding document. The 1992 Rio Declaration does not use the language of human rights. However, it says that individuals shall have access to information on environmental matters, participation in decision-making and access to justice. The currently proposed UN resolution is the "Global Pact for the Environment". If it is adopted, it would be the first UN human rights instrument to include the right to a healthy environment.
Over 150 states in the UN have independently recognized the right in some form through legislation, legal action, constitutional law, treaty law or other legal authority. The African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights, American Convention on Human Rights, Escazu Agreement, Arab Charter on Human Rights, and ASEAN Declaration on Human Rights each include a right to a healthy environment. There are other human rights frameworks such as the Convention on the Rights of the Child. They refer to environmental issues as they relate to the framework's focus, in this case children's rights.
UN Special Rapporteurs on Human Rights and the Environment John H. Knox (2012–2018) and David R. Boyd (2018–) have recommended on how to formalize these rights in international law. This was signed on back by many committees at the UN level. Besides, it was also backed by many local legal communities such as the New York City Bar, in 2020. 
The right to a healthy environment is the most important to the international approach to human rights and climate change. The effects of climate change on human rights are presented by OHCHR in a fact sheet with the most frequently asked questions on the subject.


Carousel (TV channel)

Carousel or Carousel International, also known by its transliterated Russian name Карусель, is a Russian television dedicated to children and youth. It was founded by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. It is currently available in Russia, in France via Free, and in the United States via DirecTV.

Since the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, they are only airing Russian cartoons and some cartoons outside Russia, except 2x2 and still airing animated films of the world.

Carousel programming consists of a wide range of shows ranging from original animated and live-action Russian productions to famous cartoons from around the world, all either original or voiced-over into the Russian language. The schedule changes on an almost weekly basis to accommodate its vast library of shows both modern and vintage.

Mickey Mouse Funhouse

Mickey Mouse Funhouse is an American computer-animated children's television series created by Phil Weinstein and Thomas Hart.

The series debuted with a special on July 16, 2021, and was followed by the official premiere on Disney Junior on August 20. In October 2021, the series was renewed for a second season.

Disney Junior created the series to continue its pattern of original pre-school animated series set within the Mickey Mouse universe. Many key members of the creative team of "Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures" developed the series.

Mickey Mouse returns with his friends Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, Goofy and Pluto. The friends meet Funny, an energetic playhouse. Funny magically moves the group of friends to a range of destinations which allows them to embark on adventures unique to that land. He can also change his shape and to match the new surroundings. He can even project his face on any surface to talk with Mickey and friends.





Whispering Smith

Whispering Smith is a 1948 American western movie directed by Leslie Fenton and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Alan Ladd, Robert Preston, Brenda Marshall, Donald Crisp, Fay Holden, William Demarest, Murvyn Vye, Ward Wood and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Communist Russia

Communist Russia may refer to:

Tourist Trophy: The Real Riding Simulator

Tourist Trophy: The Real Riding Simulator is a 2006 motorcycle racing video game. Designed by Polyphony Digital, where they released popular games "Gran Turismo" auto racing series. "Tourist Trophy" is one of only four titles for the PlayStation 2, that is capable of 1080i output, and using the same engine as "Gran Turismo 4" was also used in the "Tourist Trophy".

Teat

Teats are what mammals use to feed their babies. They let milk be taken by the young. Milk is digested by the babies with a special hormone. 

The number and position of the teats varies with the species. Humans are different to most mammals in that they may continue to drink milk throughout life. Normal mammals stop digesting milk at a certain stage. This forces the young to change to an adult diet.

The word "teat" is from the Old French or Dutch word, "tete" or the Greek word "τιτθύς".

Philippine highway network

The Philippine highway network is a network of roads that are maintained by the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) and made into three types according to their function or purpose: national primary, national secondary and national tertiary. The national roads connecting major cities are numbered N1 to N82.

The national roads are divided into three types according to their functions and purpose.

National primary roads connect the most important cities or towns in a place.

National secondary roads connect at least one major area and connect smaller areas to the primary roads. They can be diversion roads, bypass roads, seaport roads or airport roads.

National tertiary roads provide access to local and small areas.

National roads are seen with pentagonal black-on-white shields with a number. National primary routes are divided into two types: the main routes, which connect at least three cities with a population of at least 100,000 people. they are numbered from N1 to N49. The other primary routes connect at least two major cities or towns, numbered N50 to N99. National secondary routes are numbered N100 to N999. National tertiary routes do not have any route numbers at all, as they are highways the provide access to small areas.

The Philippine highway network consists of the followng routes, as of 2022:

Get a Horse!

Get a Horse! is a 2013 American animated comedy short film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and directed by Lauren MacMullan. Combining black-and-white hand-drawn animation and color computer animation, the short features the characters of the late 1920s "Mickey Mouse" cartoons. 
The film features archival recordings of Walt Disney in his role as Mickey Mouse. ("Goodbye, goodbye, little feller!" is an uncredited line by Jimmy MacDonald sourced from an archival recording.) Disney's voice is also heard as Minnie Mouse in one instance (crying out "Help! Help! Help!"), though he is uncredited in that role. 

It is the first original Mickey Mouse theatrical animated short since "Runaway Brain" (1995), and the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in a Disney animated production in 75 years.


Sabrina Bartlett

Sabrina Lois Bartlett (born September 1991) is a British actress. She is known for playing Siena Rosso in the Netflix series Bridgerton. 

Ruth Gemmell

Ruth Katrin Gemmell (born October 1967) is a British actress. She is known for portraying the role of Lady Violet Bridgerton in the Netflix period drama series "Bridgerton". 

Bernard Wasserstein

Bernard Wasserstein is a British-American historian. He was born on January 22 1948 in London. He was a professor at the University of Chicago for 11 years.

Wasserstein has written 12 books


Fear Is the Key (movie)

Fear Is the Key is a 1972 British action thriller movie directed by Michael Tuchner and was based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Alastair MacLean. It stars Barry Newman, Suzy Kendall, Dolph Sweet, John Vernon, Ben Kingsley, Ray McAnally, Tony Anholt, Peter Ellis, Elliott Sullivan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Martins Imhangbe

Martins Isoken Imhangbe (born 7 July 1991) is a British-Nigerian actor. He is mostly known for playing Will Mondrich in the Netflix series Bridgerton. 

TyC Sports

TyC Sports is an Argentine pay television sports channel. It is owned by Torneos and Clarín Group. They are based in Buenos Aires.

In Argentina, the channel broadcasts the Argentine B Nacional, CONMEBOL Qualifiers, Argentina national football team friendly matches, Liga Nacional de Básquet, the Argentina Open and other sports.

Outside Argentina, the channel broadcasts the Argentine Primera División. It broadcasts in Spanish. In DirecTV Latin America watch on the channel 629, and 1629 in HD.

Torneos and the Clarín Group currently operate the domestic pay TV channel TyC Sports. They also have two international pay TV channels TyC Sports Latin America and Europe, and TyC Sports USA.











Claudia Jessie

Claudia Jessie is a British actress. She is mostly known for her role as Eloise Bridgerton in the Netflix series Bridgerton.

Julia Quinn

Julie Pottinger, mostly known as Julia Quinn, is an American romance novelist. Her book "Bridgerton" was adapted into a television series titled "Bridgerton" by Shonda Rhimes for Netflix.

Vme Kids

Vme Kids is a Spanish-language children's television channel. It is operated by V-me Media aimed at the preschool Hispanic market in the United States. 

The channel launched through AT&T U-verse cable systems on September 1, 2010.
Vme Kids was added to Verizon Fios in May 2011. The following October, it was picked up by Cablevision. Vme Kids was added nationally to Comcast Xfinity systems in late 2012. On April 7, 2017, Sling TV added the channel as both a linear and on-demand service.
V-me Media launched the first 24-hour Spanish-language children's channel in the US. The channel launched on AT&T U-verse on September 1, 2010.
The channel received over-the-air distribution in June 2011, when Puerto Rico-based V-me affiliate WIPR-TV added it as a subchannel. It was also made available on the local Choice and Liberty Cable systems.


Scinax boulengeri

Boulenger's snouted tree frog ("Scinax boulengeri") is a frog that lives in Central America. People have seen it as far north as Nicaragua and as far south as Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 36 to 49 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog was 42 to 53 mm long. This frog is gray, dull green, or light brown in color. It has dark brown marks. It can have a triangle between its eyes. There are bars on its front and back legs. It has a white throat. Its belly is white. Its middle is green. Its sides are yellow-green.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in the trees. Unlike other tree frogs, it lays eggs whether it has rained hard or not. The male frogs hide in plants near the edges of ponds. Then they sing for the female frogs. The female frog lays her eggs in water that is not deep, 600-700 eggs at a time. The eggs hatch after one or one and a half days. The tadpoles are silver-yellow in color. They grow into frogs in 40 to 88 days.

Super Canal

Super Canal is a Dominican television network operating from studios in Santo Domingo and broadcasting on channel 33. The station is owned by Supercanal, S.A.

Super Canal also operates an international feed, Super Canal Caribe. This is seen on cable and satellite systems in El Salvador, Curaçao and the United States.

Dominican View is for the United States with a focus on news and sports programming.

Tele El Salvador is an international channel carrying programs from several Salvadorean television networks.

Luke Thompson

Luke Thompson (born 4 July 1988) is a British actor. He is mostly known for playing Benedict Bridgerton in the Netflix series Bridgerton

Luke Newton

Luke Paul Anthony Newton is a British actor. 

Jobbik

The Movement for a Better Hungary (Hungarian: Jobbik Magyarországért Mozgalom), commonly known as Jobbik, is a conservative political party in Hungary.

Originating with radical and nationalist roots,at its beginnings, the party described itself as "a principled, conservative and radically patriotic Christian party", whose "fundamental purpose" is the protection of "Hungarian values and interests." In 2014, the party was described as an "anti-Semitic organization" by The Independent and a "neo-Nazi party" by the president of the European Jewish Congress. From 2015 to 2020, the party started to re-define itself as a more moderate conservative people's party and changed the controversial elements of its communication, culminating with its new declaration of principles now defining itself as a centre-right, pro-European party with some residual moderated nationalist tendencies (the position Fidesz originally occupied). According to the party's "Declaration of Principles", Jobbik will "always focus on the interests of Hungary and the Hungarian people instead of a political group or an ideology. On the other hand, Jobbik reject[s] hatemongering and extreme political views that are contrary to Christian values and ethics

After the Hungarian parliamentary elections on 8 April 2018, the party polled 1,092,806 votes, securing 19.06% of the total, making it Hungary's second-largest party in the National Assembly.

Regé-Jean Page

Regé-Jean Page (born 27 April 1988) is a British actor. He is mostly known for playing the role of Simon Basset in the Netflix series "Bridgerton". Page also appeared as Guy Braxton in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road".

Simone Ashley

Simone Ashwini Pillai (born 30 March 1995), known professionally as Simone Ashley, is a British actress. She is best known for her roles in the Netflix series "Sex Education" and "Bridgerton". 

Swabhiman - Shodh Astitvacha

Swabhiman - Shodh Astitvacha is an Indian television drama series aired on Star Pravah.





Lisbon Regicide

The Lisbon Regicide or Regicide of 1908 () was the assassination of King Carlos I of Portugal and the Algarves and his heir-apparent, Luís Filipe, Prince Royal of Portugal. The events happened on 1 February 1908 at the Praça do Comércio along the banks of the Tagus River in Lisbon.

Louňovice pod Blaníkem

Louňovice pod Blaníkem () is a town in Benešov District, the Czech Republic. Around 700 people live there.


Scott Innes

Scott Innes (born October 1, 1966) is an American author, radio personality, songwriter and voice actor. He is best known for his voice over work in various Warner Bros. and Hanna-Barbera animated movies, television shows, video games and commercials, most notably as Scooby-Doo, Shaggy Rogers, Scrappy-Doo, Popeye, Fred Flintstone, Barney Rubble, Foghorn Leghorn, Muttley, Bugs Bunny, Yogi Bear and Captain Caveman. He has also provided the voice of Fred Jones, Boo-Boo Bear, Snagglepuss, Papa Smurf, Elroy Jetson, Quick Draw McGraw, Baba Looey, Elmer Fudd, Spike and Ranger Smith in various commercials.


Monastery of Serra do Pilar

The Monastery of Serra do Pilar was a monastery in Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal, on the other side of the Douro River from Porto, overlooking the Dom Luís I Bridge. It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996. The monastery is notable for its church and cloister, both of which are circular.

Custard tart

Custard tarts are a baked pastry with an outer pastry crust filled with egg custard. 

Area code 716

Area code 716 is an area code for New York. It was one of the primary area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire western portion of the state, but after it was split by 607 in 1954 and 585 in 2001, it now covers the far western portion of New York, consisting of cities such as Buffalo, Olean, Jamestown, and Niagara Falls.

Area code 317

Area code 317 is an area code for Indiana. It was one of the first area code created in 1947. It initially covered the northern and central portion of Indiana, but after it was split by 219 in 1948 and 765 in 1997, it now covers the central portion of Indiana. It covers areas such as Indianapolis, its capital city, and counties such as Johnson, Hendricks, Boone, Madison, and Shelby. It was overlaid by 463 in 2016.

Adriane Lopes

Adriane Barbosa Nogueira Lopes (born 26 June 1976) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer. She is the current Mayor of Campo Grande since April 2022.

Lopes was born in Grandes Rios, in the interior of Paraná in Brazil. She moved to Campo Grande in Mato Grosso do Sul with her family when she was 9 years old.

She has a degree in Law and Theology, a postgraduate degree in Public Administration and City Management. She is also a Coach and Leader Coach by the Brazilian Institute of Coaching (IBC).

She started working with the sale of ice cream to pay for law school, was a lawyer, worked at the State Agency for the Administration of the Penitentiary System (Agepen) for four years.

She also developed several social projects. She was elected vice mayor for two terms and now assumes the prefecture of Campo Grande. Adriane is married to state deputy Lídio Lopes and has two children. She was deputy mayor of Campo Grande from January 1, 2017 to April 1, 2022, when she helped to develop projects aimed at social assistance.

On April 2, 2022, she became the Mayor of Campo Grande.

Lopes is the daughter of Antônio Ferreira Barbosa and Gisleni Garcia Barbosa. She is married to politician Lídio Lopes and has 2 children, Matheus and Gabriel Lopes.

Area code 717

Area code 717 is an area code for Pennsylvania. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire central portion of the state, but after it was split by 570 in 1998, it now covers the southern central portion of the state. It consists of towns including its capital city, Harrisburg, Lancaster, and York. It was overlaid by 223 in 2017.

Area codes 217 and 447

Area codes 217 and 447 are area codes for Illinois. Area code 217 was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It covers the central portion of the state, consisting of towns such as its state capital, Springfield, Champaign, Urbana, Taylorville, and Danville. It was overlaid by 447 on March 27, 2021.

Texoma

Texoma is an interstate region in the United States, split between Oklahoma and Texas. The name is a portmanteau of Texas and Oklahoma. Businesses use the term in their names to describe their intended service area. This includes 8 counties with a population estimate of 319,455.

Josef Göppel

Josef Göppel (16 August 1950 – 13 April 2022) was a German politician. He was born in Herrieden, Bavaria. He represented the CSU. He was a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria from 2002 until 2017.

Göppel died on 13 April 2022 in Munich, Germany from problems caused by kidney disease, aged 71.

Bilquis Edhi

Bilquis Bano Edhi (), (14 August 1947 – 15 April 2022) was a Pakistani professional nurse and philanthropist. She was co-chair of Edhi Foundation. She has been named "The Mother of Pakistan". In 2015, she was honored with the Mother Teresa Memorial International Award for Social Justice.

Edhi died on 15 April 2022 in Karachi, Pakistan from heart failure 74.

Jean-Paul Fitoussi

Jean-Paul Fitoussi (19 August 1942 – 15 April 2022) was a French economist and sociologist. From 1979 until 1983, he was a professor at the European University Institute in Florence, and a visiting professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1984. 

He was a professor of economics at the "Institut d'études politiques de Paris", where he taught since 1982. He was also Professor Emeritus at LUISS "Guido Carli" University, in Rome. 

Fitoussi died on 15 April 2022 in Paris, France at aged 79.

French protectorate of Tunisia

The French protectorate of Tunisia (; '), commonly known as French Tunisia, was created in 1881, during the French colonial Empire era, and lasted until Tunisian independence in 1956.

Eunice Muñoz

Eunice Muñoz, (30 July 1928 – 15 April 2022) was a Portuguese actress. She was thought to be one of the best Portuguese actresses. She was born in Amareleja, Portugal. Her career began in 1943. Her best known roles were in "A Morgadinha dos Canaviais" (1949) and "Hard Times" (1988).

In 2013, Muñoz was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and later lost her voice. In January 2022, she was hospitalized for high blood pressure. Muñoz was hospitalized on 13 April 2022 in Carnaxide, Portugal. She died two days later at aged 93.





Kantoku Teruya

Teruya died on April 15, 2022 in Nishihara, Japan from stomach cancer, aged 76.

Lawson, Arkansas

Lawson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Union County, Arkansas, United States.

Titanic II (project)

Titanic II is a planned ocean liner, based on the original RMS "Titanic"; the project is directed by Australian billionaire Clive Palmer who announced this project in April 2012. The project has been delayed over the years due to financial disputes that have affected the project of $500 million.

This project is not related to the Chinese project, "Romandisea Titanic".


Area code 218

Area code 218 is an area code for Minnesota. It was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state excluding the southeastern portion of the state, but after it was split by 507 in 1954 and 320 in 1996, it now covers the northern portion of the state. It covers cities such as Duluth and Fergus Falls.

Colombian lesserblack tarantula

The Colombian lesserblack tarantula (Xenesthis immanis) is a species of tarantula. They are from Colombia. It is from 6–7 cm. Its length width is from 19-22 cm. It usually has a commensal or mutualistic relationship with the frog "Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata".

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse is an American computer-animated superhero movie released in 2023. It is about the Marvel Comics character Miles Morales / Spider-Man. The movie was produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation in association with Marvel. It is distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. 

The movie is the first of a two-part sequel to "" (2018). It is set in a shared multiverse of alternate universes called the "Spider-Verse". The movie was directed by Joaquim Dos Santos, Kemp Powers, and Justin K. Thompson. Shameik Moore is the voice of Morales. Other actors include Oscar Isaac, Hailee Steinfeld, Jake Johnson, and Issa Rae.

Sony began developing "Across the Spider-Verse" before "Into the Spider-Verse" release in 2018. The focus of the movie is on the relationship between Morales and Steinfeld's Gwen Stacy / Spider-Woman. The movie was announced in November 2019. Animation work began in June 2020. The title of the movie was revealed in December 2021.

The movie was released in the United States on June 2, 2023, delayed from an initial April 2022 date due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A third movie, "Spider-Man: Beyond the Spider-Verse", and a female-focused spin-off movie are in development.


Brotherhood of Justice

Brotherhood of Justice is a 1986 American action drama movie. It was directed by Charles Braverman. The movie stars Keanu Reeves, Kiefer Sutherland, Lori Loughlin, Joe Spano, Billy Zane, Darren Dalton, Danny Nucci. It was distributed by Lionsgate.


FuboTV

FuboTV Inc. is an American television streaming service. It serves customers in the United States, Canada and Spain. The service focuses mainly on channels that deal with live sports. Depending on country, the channels offered by Fubo may include access to EPL, NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS and international soccer, The service also provides news, network television series and movies

Plaion

Plaion is a German-Austrian media company with the headquarter in Höfen, Tyrol, Austria. The company was founded in 1994 by Franz Koch and Klemens Kundratitz.

In November 2020, Koch Media acquired Flying Wild Hog. Koch Media opened a new publishing division, Prime Matter, in June 2021. It operates in Munich.

Deep Silver

Deep Silver is a German-Austrian video game publisher. It is a division of Koch Media. Eugenio Vitale is the director of games development for Deep Silver.

Arno Kompatscher

Arno Kompatscher (born 19 March 1971) is an Italian politician and governor of South Tyrol, an autonomous province. From 15 June 2016 to 7 July 2021 he was also the president of the region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.

Legend of the Three Caballeros

Legend of the Three Caballeros is a American animated television series based on the 1944 animated Disney film "The Three Caballeros" and features the characters Donald Duck, José Carioca and Panchito Pistoles.

It was first released in 2018 in the Philippines following the success of "DuckTales". In the United States, it was released on Disney+ on November 12, 2019, and later aired on Disney XD from August 7 to October 30, 2021.

The show's main voice cast includes:


¡Sorpresa!

¡Sorpresa! ("Surprise!" in Spanish) is an American Spanish-language children's television channel.

The channel is currently available for the United States and Puerto Rico on Charter Spectrum, Claro Puerto Rico, Cox Communications, Frontier Communications, Grande Communications, Liberty Puerto Rico, RCN, Suddenlink, and member systems of the National Cable TV Cooperative. ¡Sorpresa! is also available through third-party mobile TV and broadband platforms, including VEMOX, Brightcove and MobiTV. The channel was also formerly available through Akimbo.

In August 2009, Olympusat Inc. bought the channel ¡Sorpresa! from its previous owner, Firestone/Juniper Content Corp.

On March 1, 2019, Verizon Fios removed the channel from its lineup.



My Boyfriend's Back (movie)

My Boyfriend's Back is a 1993 American zombie movie directed by Bob Balaban. It was a movie debut for Matthew Fox and Matthew McConaughey. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

On Ice (movie)

On Ice is a 1935 theatrical cartoon short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

It was the 79th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, and the eighth of that year.

The cartoon revolves around three different storylines that all take place on a frozen lake during wintertime. In the first, Mickey helps Minnie learn how to skate. The second storyline has Goofy attempting to catch fish by dropping tobacco into the water and making the fish come up to spit. Donald pulls a prank on Pluto by putting ice skates on his feet and luring him out onto the ice in the third one. The subplots come together when Donald skates around with a kite on his back. The wind kicks up and sends him flying over the waterfall. Mickey hears his cries for help and saves him by pulling on the yarns of his sweater, sending him flying. Donald ends up landing right where Goofy is fishing.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "" and on December 7, 2004, on "".



Society Dog Show

Society Dog Show is a 1939 "Mickey Mouse" cartoon short produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The animated short was directed by Bill Roberts and animated by Al Eugster, Shamus Culhane, Fred Moore, John Lounsbery, Norm Ferguson, and Leo Salkin. The film originally released on February 3, 1939. It was the 104th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.

In the short, Pluto's romantic partner is Fifi, a Pekingese who also appears in "Puppy Love" (1933), "Pluto's Quin-puplets" (1937) and "Mickey's Surprise Party" (1939).

Mickey Mouse enters Pluto in a ritzy dog show. The two arrive there in a makeshift wooden car. While Mickey grooms Pluto, Pluto starts swooning over Fifi the Peke. When Pluto is called to the judge's stand, Mickey quickly retrieves him. Things don't look good for Mickey and Pluto after he attacks the judge (due to him being rude to Pluto), resulting in the two getting kicked out. Upon hearing trick dogs coming onstage to perform, Mickey decides to reenter Pluto in the dog show as a trick dog, but Pluto is nervous about the idea. When a photographer attempts to take a picture of the trick dogs, the camera's flash powder ignites a curtain, causing a fire to break out in the building. Fifi gets stuck under a fallen microphone stand. As Mickey is about to go back in with Pluto as a roller skating dog, a crowd of people and dogs run out. Pluto hears Fifi and bravely goes in, still wearing his roller skates. Mickey tries to follow, but is stopped by falling debris. After hitting a column and narrowly avoiding a collapsing part of the floor and a falling wall, Pluto skates his way across wooden beams and saves Fifi just before the floor that she's on gives way. They escape the burning building by crashing through a window and land on a drain pipe that folds down like a spring and launches them out onto the street. Mickey and the others gather around Pluto and the judge awards Pluto with a medal as everyone cheers for him, hailing him as a hero. Pluto then uses his ear to pull Fifi behind the medal, presumably sharing a kiss.

The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".




Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas

Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas is a 2004 American Christmas movie. It was directed by Matthew O'Callaghan. Segments of the anthology movie were directed by Peggy Holmes, O'Callaghan, Theresa Cullen, and Carole Holliday. It was produced by DisneyToon Studios. The movie is the computer-animated sequel to "Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas" (1999), It features Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Goofy, Max, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, Huey, Dewey, and Louie and Scrooge McDuck in five different segments.

Additional voices were provided by Gregg Berger, Cork Hubbert, Jane Krakowski, Sherry Lynn, Haley J. Osment, John Rhys-Davies, Peter Siragusa and Gene Weygandt.

The movie was first released on DVD and VHS on November 9, 2004. For its 10th anniversary, the movie was released in a 2-Movie Collection Blu-ray and DVD with "Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas" on November 4, 2014.

Joe Leydon of "Variety" wrote that the movie will appeal mostly to parents who wish to distract their children, as children "will not realize the novelty value of computer-animated Disney characters". Robert Pardi of "TV Guide" rated the movie 3/5 stars and wrote, "A candy-cane palate and a festive soundtrack bolster this omnibus, which allows Disney favorites a chance to strut some new stuff."


Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas

Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas is a 1999 direct-to-video animated Christmas anthology comedy fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Television Animation.



The film was originally released on VHS and DVD on November 9, 1999. It was later re-released on VHS and on DVD (as part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection) on November 7, 2000. The film was released in a 2-Movie Collection Blu-ray and DVD with "Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas" on November 4, 2014.


Jean-Jacques Dessalines

Jean-Jacques Dessalines (Haitian Creole: "Jan-Jak Desalin"; ; 20 September 1758 – 17 October 1806), was one of the leaders of the Haitian Revolution and the first ruler of Independent Haiti under the Constitution of 1805. Jacques ended slavery in Haiti, he was named Emperor of Haiti by the leaders of the Revolution. He was assassinated in 1806. He is regarded as one of the founding fathers of Haiti. During the Haitian revolution, he won a number of victories against Napoleon, who had re-introduced slavery in Saint Domingue. These victories made Dessalines one of the most successful military commander in the struggle against Napoleonic France.

Dessalines was directly responsible for the country. Under his rule, Haiti became the first country in the Americas to permanently abolish slavery. Dessalines served as an officer in the French army when the colony was fighting against Spanish and British incursions. Later he rose to become a commander in the revolt against France. As Toussaint Louverture's principal lieutenant, he led many successful engagements, including the Battle of Crête-à-Pierrot.

In 1802 Louverture was betrayed and captured. Louverture was sent to prison in France where he died. Dessalines then became the leader of the revolution and Général-Chef de l'Armée Indigène on 18 May 1803. His forces defeated the French army at the Battle of Vertières on 18 November 1803. Saint-Domingue was declared independent on 29 November. It was called independent Republic of Haiti on 1 January 1804. A council of generals chose Dessalines to be its governor-general.

Dessalines ordered the 1804 Haitian Genocide of the remaining French population in Haiti. Between 3,000 and 5,000 people were killed, including women and children, as well as thousands of refugees. Some modern historians classify the massacre as a genocide due to its systemic nature. Dessalines excluded surviving Polish Legionnaires, who had defected from the French legion to become allied with the enslaved Africans, as well as the Germans who did not take part in the slave trade. He granted them full citizenship under the constitution and classified them as "black", along with all other Haitian citizens. Tensions remained with the minority of mixed-race or free people of color, who had gained some education and property during the colonial period.


Plants vs. Zombies

Plants vs. Zombies is a video game franchise. It is developed by PopCap Games, a subsidiary of Electronic Arts (EA). PopCap developed and released the first game of the series, "Plants vs. Zombies". At the time, the game "Plants vs. Zombies" was the only game of the series. After EA bought PopCap Games, EA expanded the game into a franchise with games on many different platforms.



Plants vs. Zombies (Comic)

George Fan

George Fan is an American video game designer. He currently works at the company All Yes Good. He is known for designing the game "Plants vs. Zombies" (2009) while he worked at PopCap Games. He is also known for developing the games "Insaniquarium" (2001) and "Octogeddon" (2018).

Aerial Gunner

Aerial Gunner is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by William H. Pine and starring Chester Morris, Richard Arlen, Jimmy Lydon, Amelita Ward, Robert Mitchum, Dick Purcell. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Himalaya (movie)

Himalaya: Caravan () is a 1999 Nepalese French British Swiss Monégasque adventure movie directed by Éric Valli and starring Thinle Lhondup, Tsering Dorjee, Lhakpa Tsamchoe, Gurgon Kyap. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2000.

St. Francis Xavier's College

St Francis Xavier's College is a boys' Catholic secondary school in Kowloon, Hong Kong. The school was moved from Shanghai in 1955. Most lessons are taught in English, but there are lessons taught in Mandarin and Cantonese (both dialects of Chinese) as well.
Founded by the Jesuit Fathers in Shanghai in 1874, the Marist Brothers owned the college starting from 1985. Due to Communist China's religion policies, the brothers moved to Hong Kong in 1949 and the school was rebuilt and classes started on 9 December 1955. Now the school has more than 700 students and 50 teachers (including one foreign teacher). Mr Mario Leung, the current principal, was appointed in 2021.


Lead: Saint Marcellin Champagnat,

Answer: Pray for us;

Lead: Saint Francis Xavier,

Answer: Pray for us.

Experimental psychology

Experimental psychology is psychology with experimental methods. It includes animals to understand how to work human emotions, memory, connections and so on. 

Lautenwerck

The lautenwerck is a keyboard instrument. It is also called the lute-harpsichord. Like the harpsichord, it makes sound by plucking the strings with a plectrum. It uses gut strings instead of metal strings. The gut strings make the instrument sound like a lute. There are no lautenwercks from the 18th century which survive today. 

Johann Sebastian Bach had two lute-harpsichords. It is thought that some of the music that he wrote for the lute is actually for the lautenwerck.

Scinax auratus

The Santa Ines snouted tree frog ("Scinax auratus") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Faithfully Yours

Faithfully Yours is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy movie directed by Wong Wa-kei and starring Jacky Cheung, Max Mok, Stephen Chow, Sharla Cheung, Richard Ng, Lydia Shum, Mak Ho Wai, Joyce Cheng.


Johanna Braddy

Johanna Braddy Is An American Actress & Singer.


Azis

Vasil Troyanov Boyanov (; born 7 March 1978), professionally known as Azis (), is a Bulgarian recording artist, of Romani ethnicity. Azis initially rose to prominence in Eastern Europe performing songs mostly in chalga, a genre which can be described as the Bulgarian rendition of pop-folk. Azis remains a prominent figure in the Bulgarian music scene.

Azis was born Vasil Troyanov Boyanov in Sliven, although his childhood was spent in Kostinbrod and Sofia. In 1989, after the fall of communism in Bulgaria, he moved with his family to Germany. There, his sister, Matilda, and brother Ryan were born. Azis married Nikolay "Niki Kitaetsa" Petrov Parvanov on 1 October 2006. Their marriage is not legally recognized under Bulgarian law. Azis' daughter was born on 5 August 2007 and was named Raya. Her mother is Azis' longtime friend, Gala. In 2008, Azis and Parvanov separated amicably.


In 2011, Azis sang a duet called "Sezam" with Indira Radić, a Serbian singer, on her album "Istok, sever, jug i zapad". After that, in 2012 he sang another duet with Serbian singer Marta Savić, which was featured on her studio album "13". The song was called "Mama" and it was one of Balkan hit songs in 2012. In 2022, Azis made a song "Fališ mi" with Croatian singer Severina.

Pháo

Nguyễn Diệu Huyền (born 28 March 2003), known by her stage name Pháo, is a Vietnamese rapper and producer. She was raised in Tuyên Quang and lives in Hanoi as of 2021. Her name "Pháo" means passion. She was a student at the Hanoi College of Art.
Pháo started rapping around 2018. She has said she admires Cardi B, and Vietnamese rapper Kimmese. She wasn't known to the public until her song "2 Phút Hơn", with Vietnamese producer Masew released, gaining over 30 million views. The KAIZ remix of the song gained global popularity, mostly on social media app TikTok. She released a new version of the song in 2021 with American rapper Tyga. Pháo has also participated on Vietnamese TV show "King of Rap".


Black Sherif

Mohammed Ismail Sherif (born 9 January 2002), professionally known as Black Sherif, formerly Blacko, is a Ghanaian singer and rapper. He initially gained popularity in 2021 with his song "First Sermon," which he released that May. This was followed up with the "Second Sermon" in July.

His breakthrough came in March 2022 with his hit single "Kwaku the Traveller," which reached Number 1 on the Ghanaian and Nigerian Apple Music charts. (Its music video has been viewed 17 million times.) He then released his debut album, "The Villain I Never Was", on October 5, 2022.

Mohammed Ismail Sherif was born and raised in Konongo-Zongo, in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. As both his parents worked mostly overseas, he started living with his aunt and other extended family members at the age of 10. His nomadic lifestyle exposed him to multiple influences and different cultures at a very early age.

Sherif attended his basic education at Konongo Zongo Islamic Basic School and later at Pinamang Educational Complex, where he graduated junior high school. He then later completed his secondary education at Kumasi Academy, where he picked up an interest in music and dancing.

A former student of the University of Professional Studies (UPSA), he was studying at the University of Ghana as of October 2022.

Black Sherif began his career in 2019 with the release of his song "Cry for Me" on YouTube. His debut single "Money" was released on May 25, 2020, along with a music video. In May 2021, his single "First Sermon" was released, further increasing his audience. The song's sequel, "Second Sermon," was released in July and received a remix with fellow African artist Burna Boy.

Black Sherif breakthrough came in March 2022 with his single "Kwaku the Traveller," which reached Number 1 on the Ghanaian and Nigerian Apple Music charts and became his most popular song. He released his debut album, "The Villain I Never Was," in October, supported by the singles "45" and "Soja".

Black Sherif have worked on songs by Sarkodie, Stormzy, Amerado, DJ Breezy, Larry Gaaga and others. 

Black Sherif performed at the 25th anniversary of the Music of Black Origin (MOBO) Awards, which took place at the OVO Arena in Wembley, London. In December 2022, he hosted his debut concert, the "Mozama Disco Concert," in Accra. 

On 20 February 2023, Black Sherif won the Best Hip Hop award at the Soundcity MVP Awards, which were held at the Eko Convention Centre in Lagos. He played the Palladium Times Square in New York City on May 20.

Since March 2023 Black Sherif has performed at the Wireless Festival in Abu Dhabi, Something In The Water Festival in Virginia Beach and Afronation Miami. He is the first Ghanaian to perform at the Wireless Festival in the UK.

Black Sherif's music is a blend of highlife, reggae, and hip-hop, specifically UK drill, a subgenre of drill music and road rap, borrowing from the U.S. Chicago styles that originated in Brixton, London, from 2012 onwards that are often about violent and hedonistic criminal lifestyles. Many of his lyrics are in an Akan dialect, Twi, his native tongue. He has stated his musical influences are rappers Kanye West, Travis Scott, Saint Jhn, Dave, Stormzy, J Hus, and Ghanaian artists Mugeez and Sarkodie.

On 11 April 2022, a lawsuit was filed against Black Sherif for alleged breach of contract after he signed a deal with Empire Shadrach Agyei Owusu; the CEO of Waynes Chavis Consult, was seeking the court to restrict Black Sherif from performing at events without his authorization. The Accra High Court (Commercial Division) dismissed the injunction filed against him which sought to prevent the singer from performing music he released under his old management.

Albums

Black Sherif is a muslim.


Killing Eve

Killing Eve is a British spy thriller television series, produced in the United Kingdom by Sid Gentle Films for BBC America and BBC Three.

The series follows Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh), a British intelligence investigator. She has to capture or kill psychopathic assassin Villanelle (Jodie Comer). As the chase progresses, the two develop a fascination with each other which verges on obsession. The relationship moves to and fro during the series. The consequences of some of Villanelle's murders drive the events scripted. Villanelle is Russian-trained, yet politics is in the background of the series. The relationship between the two women is the real driving force. The fourth series premiered on 27 February 2022 on BBC America, 28 February 2022 on BBC iPlayer and 5 March 2022 on BBC One and concluded on 10 April 2022.


Kim Bodnia

Kim Bodnia (born 12 April 1965) is a Danish actor, writer, and director. He became widely known for his role as police detective Martin Rohde in the Scandinavian crime drama series "The Bridge" (2011–2013). He became internationally known for his lead role as the drug dealer "Frank" in Nicolas Winding Refn's 1996 directorial debut film "Pusher". In recent years, he has become best known for playing the role of Konstantin Vasiliev in the critically acclaimed BBC spy thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–2022). 

In 2009, Bodnia won the 62nd Bodil Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, and in 2014 he won the Monte-Carlo Television Festival Award for Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series. In 2019, he earned a British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Killing Eve".


Photosensitivity

Light sensitivity, photophobia or hypersensitivity to light is a medical symptom that causes higher than usual intolerance of bright light, and usually the glare that accompanies it. When someone with photophobia is exposed to bright light, such as sunlight or modern florescent lighting, he or she usually experiences discomfort and or pain. 
Various conditions and diseases like glaucoma, dyslexia, albinism, and concussions can cause light sensitivity. 

One common remedy is to wear glasses with tinted lenses while in sun or florescent lighting. The glasses tints can be anything from barely noticeable tints to full on sunglasses

Far Cry 3

Far Cry 3 is a 2012 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the third main game in the "Far Cry" series after "Far Cry 2".

Justine Musk

Justine Musk is an author born in the 2 September 1972 in Canada and spent most of her early life in Canada. 
She attended Queen's University in Kingston and obtained a degree in English literature. She then moved to Japan where she taught English as a second language before finally settling in California. In January 2000 she married Elon Musk and in 2002 they had there first child Nevada who died of sudden infant death syndrome at the age of 10 wks. Between 2004 and 2008 they had 5 children. On September 13 2008 Justine and Elon got divorced.

Her first book was published in 2005 named "Bloodangel" followed by "uninvited" in 2007 and "lord of bones" in 2008, her latest book "Smalltown Canadian girl" was published last year in 2016.

Ruins of Gedi

The ruins of Gedi (also known as Gede) are a historical and archaeological site near the Indian Ocean coast in Kenya. 

The site of Gedi includes a walled town and its outlying area. The earliest evidence for occupation at Gedi is a grave dating to between 1041 to 1278. Gedi was abandoned in the middle of the seventeenth century.

The Gedi ruins were first discovered by colonialists in 1884 after a British resident of Zanzibar, Sir John Kirk, visited the site. However, Gedi remained unknown to most of British East Africa's colonists until the 1920s.

Most of the Gedi Ruins were spatially documented in 2010. A 3D model can be viewed here.

Gedi was made a historic monument in 1927. The site was declared a protected monument in 1929. Gedi and the surrounding forest was declared a national park in 1948. The site is currently administered by the museum's Department of Coastal Archaeology of Kenya.

The final scene of the 1992 film "Nel continente nero" ("On the Black Continent") directed by Marco Rizi takes place and was filmed among the ruins of Gedi.

The ruins of Gedi are described and repeatedly mentioned in Andrei Gusev's 2020 novel “Our Wild Sex in Malindi”.

Remchingen

Remchingen is a town in Enzkreis district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is southeast of Karlsruhe.

12,000 people live in Remchingen.


Bohn

Bohn is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Angus MacAskill

Angus MacAskill (1825 - 8 August 1863) was the tallest non-pathological giant in recorded history. His height was .


Eliza Schneider

Eliza Jane Schneider is an American actress, voice actress, singer, playwright, dialect coach and dialectologist. She has appeared on television and as a voice actress in video games and animated productions. She also performs various musical and stage shows.

Mona Marshall

Mona Morticia Ianotti, simply and better known as Mona Marshall (born August 31, 1947) is an American voice actress, known for her work in a number of cartoons, anime, movies and video games. Her major credits include "South Park", where she voices many of the female characters on the show; "Fraggle Rock: The Animated Series", "CBS Storybreak" and "Digimon". She has also appeared on stage in television shows such as "Cheers" and "Who's the Boss?".

Puyo Puyo

Puyo Puyo is the puzzle tile-matching video game series created by Compile. Seven year later, Sega was owned the "Puyo Puyo" franchises, with games being developed by Sonic Team. "Puyo Puyo" series was created as an spin-off series from "Madō Monogatari" ("Sorcery Saga"), the series of first-person dungeon crawler role-playing games published by Compile, where the "Puyo Puyo" characters originated.

The first "Puyo Puyo" games was developed by Compile in 1991 for MSX2 and Family Computer Disk System, the latter release by Takuma Shoten as a pack-in for their "Famimaga" magazine. The game features the 1990 role-playing video game "Madō Monogatari 1-2-3", it also developed by Compile. Including "Endless" mode where the player attempts to amass huge score, "Mission" mode, where the player is given a pre-configured board to satisfy conditions, and two-player competitive mode.

Later, Compile and Sega was colaborated to created an arcade version of "Puyo Puyo". It was released in October 1992 for Sega's System C2 hardware. The game was ported to Sega Mega Drive, and becoming a best-selling video game.

The game followed by its sequel "Puyo Puyo 2" in September 1994, also released in Sega's System C2 hardware. "Puyo Puyo 2" adds the ability to counter the opponent's chain, additionally, it changes the single-player gauntlet from a linear structure to a roulette -based that requires player to pass sertain score thresholds to advance . Like the original game, "Puyo Puyo 2" has released on many platfoms. Except PlayStation 2, for the compilations of Sega Ages 3500 line.

The final game was developed by Compile, "Puyo Puyo DA!" a dancing game released in 1997 for PlayStation.




Plants vs. Zombies (video game)

Plants vs. Zombies is a tower defense video game developed and published by PopCap Games. It was created in 2009. "Plants vs. Zombies" was first released for Windows and Mac OS X, and it has been ported to consoles, handhelds, and mobile devices. In this game, the player is a homeowner who must defend against a zombie apocalypse. Zombies appear on multiple lanes that can reach the player's house. The player defends by placing plants that attack zombies. Plants can be bought with a currency called "sun". If a zombie makes it to the house on any lane, the player loses and must restart the level.

"Plants vs. Zombies" was designed by George Fan. He initially was going to make a game that would be a more defense-oriented game sequel to his fish simulator game "Insaniquarium". During development, he converted it into a tower defense game featuring plants fighting against zombies. The game takes inspiration from multiple games and movies. It took three and a half years to make "Plants vs. Zombies". Rich Werner was the main artist, Tod Semple programmed the game, and Laura Shigihara composed the game's music. In order to make the game interesting for casual and hardcore gamers, the tutorial was designed to be simple and spread throughout "Plants vs. Zombies".

"Plants vs. Zombies" was given positive reviews by critics. The game was also nominated for multiple awards, including "Download Game of the Year" and "Strategy Game of the Year" as part of Golden Joystick Awards 2010. Reviewers praised the game's humorous art style, simplistic but engaging gameplay, and soundtrack. When it was released in May 2009, it was the fastest-selling video game developed by PopCap Games and quickly became their best-selling game, much faster than "Bejeweled" and "Peggle". By 2010, "Plants vs. Zombies" had sold over a million copies worldwide.

In 2011, PopCap was bought by Electronic Arts (EA). Electronic Arts had fired George Fan and 49 other employees. Since then, it has marked the transition to mobile and social gaming. After EA bought PopCap Games, "Plants vs. Zombies" has grown into an entire franchise. This includes two direct sequels, three third-person shooters, and two spin-offs.

In "Plants vs. Zombies", the player takes on the role of a homeowner in a suburban neighborhood who must defend their house from zombies with the help of various plants. The game is divided into several levels, each taking place in a different location around the house. The player must plant various types of plants, each with their own unique abilities, to defend against waves of zombies that approach from the right side of the screen.

Live burial

Live burial or premature burial is interred in a grave while still alive. Some cases of premature burial occurred because the technology to accurately determine death didn't exist so people were routinely wrongfully pronounced dead when in a coma or similar vegetative state. To guard against this, some cultures buried the dead with bells that could be rung if the person in the coffin was still alive, so they could be rescued. Live burial has also been used as a form of murder or execution. A related practice is immurement.

Gung Ho (movie)

Gung Ho (released in Australia as Working Class Man) is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Ron Howard and starring Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, John Turturro, Mimi Rogers, Clint Howard, Rance Howard, So Yamamura, Rick Overton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was spun off into a short lived TV series in 1987.


Subbasement

A subbasement, sub-basement or subcellar is a floor level below the main or uppermost basement level. Sub-basements are common in commercial buildings at high, dry altitudes but rare in houses.

Commercial building

A commercial building is an enclosed structure designed to be occupied by businesses. Building codes tend to be stricter for commercial buildings than residential ones, as on matters of accessibility and in the United States are usually limited to commercial only zoning districts. Examples of commercial buildings include

Tokyo Xtreme Racer

Tokyo Xtreme Racer known in Japan as and Tokyo Highway Challenge in Europe is an arcade racing video game series developed by Genki, and inspired by street racing in the Shuto Expressway in Tokyo.

Zoning in the United States

In law, particularly that in North America, zoning is the collective term for land use policies. Usually, zoning divides cities and counties into districts where only one property use is allowed, and only at a certain density (units per acre\hectare). In these cases, zoning districts include:







Zoning can also regulate things like the appearance of buildings, in a similar fashion as deed restrictions.

Covenant (law)

Deed restrictions, also called restrictive covenants, CCRs, or covenants, conditions and restrictions are rules imposed usually by a real estate developer to promote uniformity and cleanliness in a subdivision.


Subdivision

A subdivision, real estate development or tract is a large piece of land and divided into land lots. Subdivisions are usually residential and typically have deed restrictions and sometimes homeowners associations or their equivalent. When residential, subdivisions are often called housing developments, housing estates, etc. 

Homestead (buildings)

A homestead is a largely self sufficient farmhouse.

Dwelling

A dwelling or domicile is a building or unit ( such as an apartment or house which is designed for living in. This term is often used in the legal sphere to mean one's official home

Devil's Island

Devil's Island is a former penal colony and forced labor camp in French Guiana. It's notorious for the extremely cruel conditions inmates were made to endure there.

Zoning

Zoning is a method of urban planning. A local government divides land into areas called zones. Each of these has regulations for new development different from other zones. 

Zones may be defined for a single use (e.g. residential, industrial), or they may combine several uses. Regulations may govern the density, size and shape of buildings, whatever their use. 

Zoning laws that limit the construction of new housing may be a big factor in segregation in the United States by income and race.

Some countries, like the United Kingdom, have town planning, but not strict zoning

Robert Woolsey

Robert Rollie Woolsey (August 14, 1888-October 31, 1938) is an American actor and Comedian in a Double act with Bert Wheeler because his Woosley Scream and he is always wears round glasses in 1929 and 1937 just like Harold Lloyd.


He died of Kidney failure at the age of 50 in the End of October in 1938 in Malibu, California at Halloween.


John William Rogan

John William Rogan (16 February 1868 - 12 September 1905) was the second tallest man to ever live. His height was . He was shorter than Robert Wadlow. He developed ankylosis during his teenage years.

Tiky

Tiky is a soft drink that tastes like pineapple from Guatemala, owned by Fabrica de Bebidas Gaseosas Salvavidas, S.A, part of the Coca-Cola company.

Scinax rostratus

The Caracas snouted tree frog ("Scinax rostratus") is a frog that lives in Panama, Suriname, Colombia, Venezuela, and Brazil.

2015 FIFA corruption case

The 2015 FIFA corruption case was a court case that was about corruption in FIFA and its associations.


Charithra Chandran

Charithra Surya Chandran (born 17 January 1997) is a British actress. She is best known for her role as Edwina Sharma in season two of the Netflix series "Bridgerton" and her role in the science fiction series "Alex Rider".

Shelley Conn

Shelley Deborah Conn is a British actress. 

Polly Walker

Polly Alexandra Walker (born 19 May 1966) is a British actress. She has starred in the movies "Enchanted April" (1991), "Patriot Games" (1992), "Sliver" (1993), "Restoration" (1995), "The Gambler" (1997), and "Savage Messiah" (2002),"Rome" (2005–2007). She is also known for her roles in BBC One dramas "Prisoners’ Wives" (2012–2013), "Line of Duty" (2016, 2019) and Netflix Original period drama "Bridgerton" (2020-).

Taffy (TV series)

Taffy is a French animated comedy television series. It was produced in the program, Adobe Animate, by Cyber Group Studios and Turner Broadcasting System Europe. The show aired in Boomerang since December 17, 2018 and has since been renewed for a second season. The show focuses on a raccoon named Scraggs, who is mistaken for a cat named "Taffy" by Mrs. Muchmore, an old woman who also owns a pet dog. Bentley, her dog in question, thus will have to reveal to her "Taffy"'s secret.


The Last Man on Earth (1964 movie)

The Last Man On Earth is a 1964 post-apocalyptic movie. It is based on the 1954 novel I Am Legend. The Last Man on Earth is in the public domain. 

Unreal Engine

Unreal Engine is a game engine made by Epic Games, it was first showcased in the 1998 first-person shooter game "Unreal". It has since been used mainly in three-dimensional (3D) and is also used in the film and television industry. Unreal Engine is written in C++ and supports many desktop, mobile, console and virtual reality platforms.

Steam Deck

The Steam Deck is a mobile gaming computer made by Valve and released on February 25, 2022. The Steam Deck can be played as a handheld or connected to a monitor similar to the Nintendo Switch. It is an x86-64-v3 that lets user access the Steam library and other Microsoft Windows PC games there was always kind of this classic chicken and egg problem with the Steam Machine. 

USB-C

USB-C (USB Type-C) is a 24-pin USB connector. This type of USB connector is commonly found on Android devices and computers. The USB-C specifications were first published and finalized in August of 2014, roughly the same time as USB 3.1 specifications. It is both smaller and faster than USB-A. The USB-C 3.1 has the potential to have higher data transfer speeds. It can also deliver 100 watts of power over a single cable (this is done by upping the voltage to 20 volts).

Ernestine Eckstein

Ernestine Eckstein (April 23, 1941 – July 15, 1992) was a Black lesbian woman who fought for lesbian rights. Eckstein participated in LGBTQ rights protests that occurred before the famous Stonewall Riots of 1969.

Eckstein was often one of the few women at early LGBTQ rights protests. Usually she was the only Black women in attendance. 

Ernestine Eckstein was the vice president of the New York chapter of the Daughters of Bilitis organization. The Daughters of Bilitis were a nationwide group that fought for lesbian rights, and offered help to lesbians who needed it. Eckstein was on the cover of The Ladder in June 1966, fighting against racism in both the United States and the LGBTQ movement, representing a Black lesbian advocate. Eckstein believed that it was more important for her to fight for LGBTQ rights than Black rights because as a Black person she already had rights, but as a member of the LGBTQ community, she didn’t have the same freedom.

Cavalier Johnson

Cavalier Johnson (born November 5, 1986) is an American politician. He is the 45th and current mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin since 2021. He was Milwaukee Common Council president as well as Milwaukee's 2nd District alderman. 

In April 2022, Johnson won a special election, becoming the first African-American elected mayor of Milwaukee.

Zitkála-Šá (Gertrude Simmons Bonnin)

Zitkála-Šá (Lakota for Red Bird; February 22, 1876 – January 26, 1938), also known by her missionary and married names Gertrude Simmons Bonnin, was a political activist in the 20th century. Through out her life she wrote nine books that brought attention to the life of an Native American person in the 20th century, including American Indian Stories, Old Indian Legends, American Indian Stories and other writings, Dance in a Buffalo Skull, American Indian and Old Indian Legends, Impressions of an Indian childhood Dreams and Thunder, Iktomi And The Ducks And Other Sioux Stories and The School Days Of An Indian Girl, and An Indian Teacher Among Indians. She won the Indiana State Oratorical Contest in 1896 after she gave her speech "Side By Side." In 1916 she was elected as the secretary of the Society of American Indians. She worked there until 1919. In 1924 she helped to pass the Indian Citizenship Bill. In 1928 she joined the Merriam Report, which was a group of people working together to investigate and show the rights of American Indians at the time. In the middle of December 1928 she gave another speech speaking about the group's findings. She started the council of American Indians in 1926 and spent the rest of her working life working there. 

An American Citizen

An American Citizen is a 1914 American silent romantic comedy movie directed by J. Searle Dawley and was based on the 1897 Broadway play of the same name. It stars John Barrymore (in his movie debut), Peter Lang, Alexander Gaden, Wellington A. Playter, Hal Clarendon and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


CryEngine

CryEngine is a game engine designed by the German game developer Crytek. It has been used in games made by Crytek and other third-party games. Ubisoft, the current owner of the Far Cry franchise, uses a modified version of CryEngine called the Dunia Engine.

ECMAScript

ECMAScript is a standard made for the JavaScript scripting language. It was created for JavaScript to run the same on all browsers, since different ones used different versions of JavaScript.

In November 1996, Netscape announced a meeting of Ecma International to standardize JavaScript. Microsoft critcised this decision, since they were leading in the JavaScript war with their Internet Explorer browser.

Emma Tenayuca

Emma Beatrice Tenayuca (December 21, 1916 - July 23, 1999) was a Civil Rights Activist and Mexican American Labor Organizer. 

Tenayuca was born into a large Mexican Comanche family. Her family suffered from the Great Depression. 

Tenayuca led strikes and protests. She wanted Mexican American workers to have better working conditions and better pay in 1930s Texas. Tenayuca worked with many moderate unions such as the League of United Latin American Citizens or the International Ladies Garment Workers. But she believed those groups ignored many workers who needed help. She started her own organiation. This organization was a communist Texas group called the Workers Alliance of America. The group helped unemployed people. Tenayuca said that "Mexicans need to unite, not divide on the basis of citizenship, class or educational status." 

In 1938, Tenayuca led a huge strike of pecan shellers, or workers who took the hard shells off of pecans. It was the largest strike in San Antonio, TX's history. About 12,000 people refused to do their work until they got better pay and improved work conditions. 

Malcolm II of Scotland

Malcolm II (5 October 954 - 25 November 1034) was King of Scotland from 1005 until 1034.

Kumyk people

Kumyks (Kumyk: къумукълар, qumuqlar, ) are a Turkic people living in north-eastern Dagestan. The territories traditionally populated by Kumyks, and where their historical states used to exist, are called Kumykia. The land inhabited by Kumyks once used to be a part of a Kumyk statehood Tarki Shamkhalate.

Their origins can be traced to Sunni-Kipchak Cossacks and the "Borchali" (or "Burjoglu"), originally the name of a seventeenth century Turkic tribe that settled in Caucasian Georgia with Turkic-Khazar roots. Montclair State University professor H. Mark Hubey traces the origins of the Kumyk people to the Bronze/Iron Age tribe "Kumukku" of the Ancient Near East. Kumyks are divided into six clans: Arpali (connected with the Árpád dynasty), Sarali, Targulu, Zhan-Ahmetli, Chagarli and Ulashli. The dialects of the Kumyks are: Kaitag, Terek, Buynaksk and Xasavyurt.

Kaitag (Mountain Kayı), which for ten centuries (10–19 cc.) was a lingua franca in the North Caucasus, is the Russified name of the Kayı tribe who played a prominent role in the history of the Caucasus. Kaitag principality was a leading component of the Shamkhalate of Kazi-Kumukh state on the Caspian western seaboard that, in different forms, lasted from the 8th to the 19th centuries.

Kaitag textiles, stamped out under Soviet rule, their artistry and artistry remain distinct.

Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence

Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence (UDI) was a statement adopted by the Cabinet of Rhodesia on 11 November 1965, announcing that Southern Rhodesia, a British territory in southern Africa that had governed itself since 1923, now regarded itself as an independent sovereign state. Despite the UDI, Rhodesia remained a British colony until it became Zimbabwe in 1980.

Scinax staufferi

The Middle American snouted tree frog, Stauffer's snouted tree frog, Stauffer's longnosed tree frog, or Stauffer's tree frog ("Scinax staufferi") is a frog that lives in Mexico south to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama.

This frog lives in grasslands and forests.

Nastaliq

Nastaliq is a modified version of the Perso-Arabic Alphabet.


Crysis

Crysis is a sci-fi first-person shooter video game series made by German developer Crytek. 

Right to health

There is the idea that everyone has the right to a minimum standard of health. Some people have called this right to health. They said it is an economic, social, and cultural right. There are several international agreements which have included this idea. Some of these agreemenrs are the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. There are still some discussions, as people do not fully agree on things like the exact definition of health. They also do not agree about what a minimum standard of health should be, and who should be responsible to ensure this right to health. 

The Human Rights Measurement Initiative measures the right to health for countries around the world, based on their level of income.

There are different definitions of what health is:





Far Cry New Dawn

Far Cry New Dawn is a 2019 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is a spin-off and sequel to 2018’s "Far Cry 5".

Battlefield V

Battlefield V is a first-person shooter game made by DICE and published by Electronic Arts. It is the sixteenth game in the "Battlefield" series and the successor to 2016's "Battlefield 1", it was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on November 20, 2018. 

Right to life

The right to life is the belief that a being has the right to live and, in particular, should not be killed by another entity, including a government. This concept has led to some discussion:


The right to life may apply in any of these cases, and different groups have different opinions where it should apply. 

Goten

Goten,is a fictional character from the dragon ball franchise. His first appearance was the start of the Tenkaichi Budokai (World Martial Arts Tournament) saga where he attended the world Martial arts tournament with his friend trunks.
Goten is not mostly involved in fights or other parts of the series like Super Dragon Ball Heroes but he's in games and in merchandise.

Goten was born seven years after the Cell games. He was trained by his mother,ChiChi in the martial arts but also allowing him to transform into a super saiyan to the disappointment in which she forbids him not to transform into it again. He then trains with his older brother Gohan, who is shocked to find he can turn into a super saiyan half the age Gohan was. Gohan teaches him and his soon to be sister in-law Videl, and he quickly learns how to fly before Videl.

He then attends the world martial arts tournament where he meets his father Goku for the first time. At the tournament, Goten easily defeats his opponent and advances to the finals where he fights his best friend Trunks. Trunks overwhelmed Goten, which forces to transform into a super saiyan and brake out trunk's clutches. Trunks challenges Goten by fighting him using one arm but Goten overwhelmed him and also forcing him to go super saiyan. Goten loses to trunks after the latter tricks him knocking him out of the ring.

He and Trunks then disguise themselves as mighty mask, to participate in the adult division. After the defeat of Videl,two warriors,Spopovitch and Yamu,ambushed Gohan and most of the fighters ran after them. Hercule decide to have a battle royale with the remaining warriors, mighty mask(Goten and Trunks) defeats his opponent and Android 18 aslo defeats hers and they end up fighting her. They hold their own using their coordinated attacks but #18 overwhelmed them,forcing them to go super saiyan blowing their cover causing instant disqualification because teams are not allowed in the tournament.

Bishesh Huirem

Bishesh Huirem is an Indian actress and model. She belongs to the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. She is best remembered for representing India at the "Miss International Queen for Transgender" organised in Pattaya, Thailand in 2016. She is the first Indian transgender person who represents her country in the "Miss International Beauty Queen" Contest. She is the first Indian transgender person to be appointed as a state icon for the parliamentary polls in the Lok Sabha elections. She is the first transgender person to win the "Best Actor Award" in the 14th Manipur State Film Awards, 2022. "Ang Tamo," "It's Not My Choice" and "Apaiba Leichil" are some of her notable films.


On 13 September 2016, Huirem was allegedly beaten up by the personal security guards and armed personnel of Rural Development Minister Moirangthem Okendra in Imphal, Manipur. The incident happened in a road rage at around 10 pm during night. Consequently, Bishesh protested and served an ultimatum to Okendra to apologize for the incident within seven days or face outcomes. However, the officials of the Minister rejected her claim over the incident. According to them, Bishesh was driving “dead drunk” and was even not able to reverse her car which was blocking the minister’s security escorts. Further, the minister's officials said that Bishesh was throwing tantrums claiming she had the right to drive and even attempted to forcibly open the minister’s vehicle's door. In response, Bishesh denied all the claims from the minister's officials as "baseless charges". She denied she was drunk. She clarified that she was not even consuming salt and oil in her diet for her hormone therapy in a preparation for a beauty contest. Shocked by the incident, she was hospitalized. The associations and organizations of various artistes banned all mobile theatres, films and music programmes in the Heirok Assembly Constituency (Okendra's vonstituency) until and unless he apologized.


Ikumi Fujii

Ikumi Fujii (born 2 November 1982) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team, and her club Scratch. She plays as a forward. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Fujii used to play able-bodied basketball as she did in third grade at primary school. When she was 15 years old at middle school she sustained an osteosarcoma and underwent surgery for a prosthetic knee replacement of her right leg. After the surgery she couldn't play basketball anymore. Encouraged by her teacher she started playing wheelchair basketball. When she was 19 years old she had ulcerative colitis and her entire colon had to be removed. When she was 20 years old, she started playing and competing at seriously in Yokohama. She made her debut for the national team in 2005. As Fujii was diagnosed with breast cancer she underwent surgery in September 2017 for the removal of her right breast. She became a member of the "All Star Five Player" at the Emperor's Cup in 2017, 2018 and 2019. She won with the team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

Fujii is married to wheelchair basketball player Shingo Fujii, who competed at the Paralympic Games in 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016. He is also assistant coach of the women's national team and so he also coaches Ikumi Fujii. They have a son since 2014 named Sora.

Crysis 2

Crysis 2 is a sci-fi first-person shooter video game made by Crytek, published by Electronic Arts and released in North America, Australia and Europe in March 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. Officially announced on June 1, 2009, the game is the second main game of the "Crysis" series, and a sequel to the 2007 video game "Crysis". 

IO Interactive

IO Interactive A/S (IOI) is a Danish video game developer based in Copenhagen, best known for making the "Hitman" franchise. IO Interactive's most recent game is "Hitman 3", which was released in January 2021.

Hitman (franchise)

Hitman is a stealth video game franchise made by the Danish developer IO Interactive, and was published by Eidos Interactive and Square Enix. IO Interactive completed a management buyout in June 2017 and gotten the legal rights to the series. The games are available for macOS, Linux, Microsoft Windows and many consoles, including the PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and Stadia.

Stealth game

A stealth game is a type of video game in where the player uses "stealth" to avoid or defeat opponents. Games in the genre usually allow the player to remain undetected by hiding, sneaking, or using disguises.

Roberto Bendini

Roberto Bendini (28 July 1945 – 14 April 2022) was an Argentine lieutenant general. He was chief of the general staff of the Army from 28 May 2003 to 19 September 2008. Bendini was the general who took down the paintings of former de facto presidents Jorge Rafael Videla and Reynaldo Bignone in 2004 at the Casa Rosada. 

Bendini died of pancreatic cancer on 14 April 2022 at the age of 76 in Del Viso, Argentina.

Newton Cruz

Newton Araújo de Oliveira e Cruz (30 October 1924 — 15 April 2022) was a general in the Brazilian Army. He was known for his role during the military dictatorship in Brazil between 1964 and 1985.

In 1994, he ran for governor of Rio de Janeiro for the Social Democratic Party (PSD), finishing third, with 14% of the votes.

Cruz died in Rio de Janeiro on 15 April 2022, at the age of 97.

Bernhard Germeshausen

Bernhard Germeshausen (21 August 1951 – 15 April 2022) was an East German bobsledder. He competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. He took part in two Winter Olympics, he won four medals with three golds (Two-man: 1976, Four-man: 1976, 1980) and one silver (Two-man: 1980).

Michael O'Kennedy

Michael O'Kennedy (21 February 1936 – 15 April 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was born in Nenagh, Ireland. O'Kennedy was Minister for Labour from 1991 to 1992 and Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1977 to 1979.

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary North constituency from 1969 to 1981, 1982 to 1992 and 1997 to 2002. He was a Senator from 1965 to 1969, and from 1993 to 1997.

O'Kennedy died on 15 April 2022 in Dublin, Ireland at the age of 86.

Rosario Ibarra

María del Rosario Ibarra de la Garza (24 February 1927 – 16 April 2022), also known by her marital name Rosario Ibarra de Piedra, was a Mexican activist and politician. She was a presidential candidate and was president of Comité Eureka at the time of her death. She was a member of the Senate from 2006 until 2012.

Gloria Sevilla

Gloria Sevilla (January 31, 1932 – April 16, 2022) was a Filipino actress. Her best known movie roles were in "Dyesebel" (1978), "Bida si Mister, Bida si Misis" (2002), and "El Presidente" (2012). She also had a role in the television drama "Be Careful With My Heart".

Sevilla died on April 16, 2022 at the age of 90 in Oakland, California.

Joachim Streich

Joachim Streich (13 April 1951 – 16 April 2022) was a German footballer. He won the bronze medal with East Germany at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. He played for the national team from 1969 until 1984, making 98 appearances. 

Streich died on 16 April 2022 in Leipzig, Germany from myelodysplastic syndrome, three days after his 71st birthday.

Ray Tindle

Sir Raymond Stanley Tindle (8 October 1926 – 16 April 2022) was a British newspaper and radio businessman. He founded the Tindle Group of regional newspapers and radio stations.

He was appointed a CBE in the 1987 Birthday Honours and knighted in 1994 for services to the newspaper business.

In 2017, Tindle stepped down as Chairman of the company at the age of 90. He died on 16 April 2022 at the age of 95.

Jon Wefald

Jon Michael Wefald (November 24, 1937 – April 16, 2022) was an American educator. He was the twelfth president of Kansas State University from 1986 until 2009. Wefalf was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Wefald died on April 16, 2022 in St. Cloud, Minnesota from a heart attack, aged 84.

Mireya Baltra

Mireya Baltra Moreno (25 February 1932 – 17 April 2022) was a Chilean sociologist, journalist and politician. She was a member of the Communist Party of Chile. She was a councillor (1963–1969) and a deputy (1969–1973) for Santiago. She was Minister of Labour and Social Welfare in Salvador Allende's government.

Baltra died on 17 April 2022 in Santiago, Chile at aged 90.

Jens Bergensten

Jens Peder Bergensten (born 18 May 1979), also known as Jeb, is a Swedish video game programmer and designer. He is the lead designer of "Minecraft". In 2013, he and Markus Persson was named as one of "Time" 100 most influential people in the world. He was the co-developer in 2010. In 2011, he became the lead designer in 2011. He got full control in 2014 when Persson left the company.



Catherine Spaak

Catherine Spaak (3 April 1945 – 17 April 2022) was a Belgian-Italian model, actress and singer. She was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France. Her career began in 1959 and she retired in 2014. 

Spaak's best known roles were in "Circle of Love" (1964), "The Man, the Woman and the Money" (1965), "The Incredible Army of Brancaleone" (1966), "Adultery Italian Style" (1966), "Hotel" (1967), "The Libertine" (1969), "Diary of a Telephone Operator" (1969), the drama "The Cat o' Nine Tails" (1971), "Story of a Cloistered Nun" (1973), "My Darling Slave" (1973), "Take a Hard Ride" (1975), "Sunday Lovers" (1980) and "Miele di donna" (1981).

Spaak had a cerebral hemorrhage in March 2020 and it caused health problems afterwards. She died on 17 April 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 77.

Andrzej Korzyński

Andrzej Waldemar Korzyński (2 March 1940 – 18 April 2022) was a Polish composer. He worked with movie directors Andrzej Wajda and Andrzej Żuławski. His best known works were "The Birch Wood", "Man of Marble", "The Devil" and "Possession". He was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Korzyński died on 18 April 2022 at the age of 82.


Vyacheslav Trubnikov

Vyacheslav Ivanovich Trubnikov (; April 25, 1944 – April 18, 2022) was a Russian journalist, political scientist, intelligence officer, and diplomat. He worked as the Director of Foreign Intelligence Service (Russia) and was a First Deputy of Foreign Minister of Russia. In 2004, he was nominated as the Ambassador of Russia to India by President Vladimir Putin. 

He was a Senior Network Member at the European Leadership Network (ELN).

Kamen Rider Zero-One

Kamen Rider Zero-One (also called Kamen Rider 01) is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" Franchise.

Super Hero Time joined "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger" and later, "Mashin Sentai Kiramager".







Mere, Wiltshire

Mere is a small town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is on the southwestern tip of Salisbury Plain, close to the borders of Somerset and Dorset.

Evan Mecham

Evan Mecham ( ; May 12, 1924 – February 21, 2008) was an American businessman and politician. He was the 17th governor of Arizona from January 5, 1987, until his impeachment conviction on April 4, 1988. He was very unpopular in Arizona because many of the things he said were seen as racist and was accused of hiring close friends and family to high state jobs.

Mecham was removed from office following conviction in his impeachment trial on charges of obstruction of justice and misuse of government funds—funds. In his later career, he unsuccessfully ran for governor again and for the United States Senate against John McCain.

Mecham died at a retirement home in Phoenix, Arizona on February 21, 2008 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease at the age of 83. 

Marios

Marios is a given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ mahr-ee-oh, mar-; "Italian", "Spanish" mah-ryaw ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Air freshener

Air fresheners are consumer products that make an area smell different or better. 
Car fresheners are air fresheners for cars. They were invented in 1952 by Julius Samann after a milk driver complained about the smell of spilled milk. The first car freshener was Little Trees.

Air fresheners are used in bathrooms. Bathroom need air fresheners to help make the bathroom smell good at all times.

Summersville, Missouri

Summersville is a city in Shannon County, Missouri. Most of it is in Texas County, Missouri, though. In 2020, 453 people lived there. There has been a post office in Summersville since 1871.

Gellért Hill

Gellért Hill (; ; ) is a high hill overlooking the Danube in Budapest, Hungary. 

Church of Saint Ildefonso

The Igreja de Santo Ildefonso is an eighteenth-century church in Porto, Portugal. The church is located near Batalha Square. 

Batalha Square

Batalha Square () is a historic public square in the city of Porto, in Portugal.

Palácio da Bolsa

The Stock Exchange Palace () is a historic building in Porto, Portugal. It is in the centre of Porto. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Casa da Música

The Casa da Música is a concert hall in Porto, Portugal. It was designed by architect Rem Koolhaas and opened in 2005.

Karl Liebknecht

Karl Liebknecht was a Socialist leader (1871-1919). He was also one of the representatives of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. From about 1915, he worked with Rosa Luxemburg to define many of the political positions of the Spartacus League. In 1918 and 1919, he was one of the founders of the Communist Party of Germany. In 1919 there as a civil unrest in Berlin, which is known as the Spartacist uprising today. Shortly after the end of the uprising, members of the Prussian army shot Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg.This happened on the orders of Gustav Noske, who was in charge of resolving the many Communist uprisings that happened between 1918 and 1920.

Infield fly rule

The infield fly rule is a special rule in baseball that makes it so the batter is out even if the ball is not caught. The point of the rule is to stop the defensive team from getting an easy double play by dropping the ball on purpose. Because the rule is called only at a certain case, it doesn't happen all the time so it can be confusing to people who are new to baseball or don’t know the rule.

Suppose the batter hits the ball into the air over the field, which is a pop up or fly ball. Normally, a defensive player can try and catch it before it hits the ground. If the ball is caught, then the batter is out. Any runners that tried to run to the next base must go back and touch the base they were on before, known as “tagging up”. Once the runner has tagged up, he can try to run to the next base, but most of the time the offensive players play it safe and stay. If the runner does not tag up, the defensive team can have a player who is holding the ball tag the base. This will "double off" the runner and he will be called out. If the batted ball touches the ground first or is dropped, then the runner does not need to tag up and can try and run to the next base.

The umpire can call an infield fly when all this is true:
The words in the rule book for calling an infield fly are “ordinary effort”. Ordinary effort means that a player should normally be able to catch the ball without too much trouble. The umpire's job is to decide if the ball can be caught with ordinary effort.
The umpire will then call an infield fly by saying “infield fly, batter's out” or “infield fly if fair”. The batter is automatically out even if the ball is dropped, and the runners must tag up.

If there was no infield fly rule, then the runners would have a problem. If the ball is caught, then they have to go back and tag up. But if the ball is not caught, then it immediately turns into a force play and they have to run to the next base. The defensive team could drop the ball on purpose and easily tag out the runners, getting a double or even triple play. The infield fly rule gets rid of this problem by letting the runners stay at their bases without having to wait and see if the ball will be caught.

Kevin Meates

Kevin Francis Meates (20 February 1930 – 17 April 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played as a flanker. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1952. Meates was born in Greymouth, New Zealand.

Meates died in Christchurch, New Zealand on 17 April 2022 at the age of 92.

Lidiya Alfeyeva

Lidiya Nikolayevna Alfeyeva (, ) (17 January 1946 – 18 April 2022) was a Soviet athlete. She mainly competed in the women's long jump event. She competed for the USSR in the 1976 Summer Olympics, where she won the bronze medal in the women's long jump event. Alfeyeva was born in Dnipropetrovsk, Soviet Union.

Alfeyeva died on 18 April 2022 at the age of 76.

Valerio Evangelisti

Valerio Evangelisti (20 June 1952 – 18 April 2022) was an Italian writer. His books were science fiction, fantasy, historical novels, and horror. He was known for his novels about Nicolas Eymerich and for his Nostradamus trilogy. Evangelisti was born in Bologna, Italy. His career began in 1993. He won a Urania Award in 1993.

Evangelisti died on 18 April 2022 in Bologna at the age of 69.

Rein Ratas

Rein Ratas (9 May 1938 – 18 April 2022) was an Estonian Centre Party politician. He was in the Riigikogu from 2007 until 2011 and again from 2015 until 2018. Ratas was the father of Prime Minister Jüri Ratas. He was born in Häädemeeste, Estonia.

Ratas died on 18 April 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 83.

Doctor Fate (Kent Nelson)

Kent Nelson is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in "More Fun Comics" #55 (May 1940). He is the first character to become Doctor Fate and is the best known version of the character. 

In the DC Universe, Kent Nelson and his father discovered a tomb that held the ancient being known as Nabu. When Kent's mind was forced by Nabu to release him, the gas that filled the tomb killed his father. Feeling bad, Nabu said he would take the young Kent Nelson as his apprentice. Nabu used his magical powers to age him to adulthood and helped him become Doctor Fate.

Many people would replace Nelson as Doctor Fate such as Hector Hall, Jared Stevens, and his grand-nephew, Kent V. Nelson.

Kent Nelson as Doctor Fate has appeared in the television series "Smallville", where he was played by Brent Stait. He will appear in the DC Extended Universe movie "Black Adam", where he will be played by Pierce Brosnan.

Devon Energy Center

The Devon Energy Center (also known as the Devon Tower) is a 50-story skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It is the tallest building in the city and state. It is tied with Park Tower in Chicago as the 62nd tallest building in the United States. 

Construction began October 6, 2009, and was completed in October 2012. 

J. D. Vance

James David Vance (born James Donald Bowman; August 2, 1984) is an American Republican politician, conservative commentator, businessman, and author. Vance is the United States Senator from Ohio since 2023. He is best known for his memoir "Hillbilly Elegy", which became popular during the 2016 election. 

In January 2017, Vance became a CNN contributor.

In July 2021, Vance announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring U.S. Senator Rob Portman. In April 2022, former President Donald Trump announced his support for Vance. He won the Republican nomination in May 2022. In November 2022, he was elected U.S. Senator after defeating U.S. Representative Tim Ryan in the general election.

Julius Sämann

Julius Sämann (April 15, 1911 – May 9, 1999) was a German businessman. He was born in Uffenheim, Germany. He was a Jew. He left Germany because of the Nazis. He studied the smell of Alpine Trees for five years in Canada. Sämann developed methods to get essential oils from ever-green trees and started an oil company. He sold the interest from the company in 1946. In 1952, a milk driver in Watertown, New York complained to him about the smell of spilled milk. Because of this, he invented Little Trees.

Blake Masters

Blake Gates Masters (born August 5, 1986) is an American venture capitalist, author, and politician. He is the president of the Thiel Foundation. Masters co-wrote "Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future" with Peter Thiel in 2014. He was the unsuccessful Republican candidate for the United States Senate in Arizona in the 2022 election. He is a supporter of former President Donald Trump.

Lincoln Bible

The Lincoln Bible is a Bible that was owned by William Thomas Carroll, a clerk of the U.S. Supreme Court. The bible was used by President Abraham Lincoln at his inauguration in 1861. It was also used by President Barack Obama at his inaugurations in 2009 and 2013. It was most recently used by President Donald Trump at his inauguration in 2017.

The bible was returned to Caroll after Lincoln's first inauguration. He later gave it to the Lincoln family sometime after Lincoln's assassination. The family donated the Bible to the Library of Congress in 1928. The Bible was on display at the Library of Congress from February to May 2009 in a celebration of Lincoln's 200th birthday.

The Bible is an Oxford University Press edition of the King James Bible. It was published in 1853, it has 1280 pages, and is about long by wide, and thick.
The Bible is not a rare edition, and a similar Bible without Lincoln Bible's historical importance, would be valued about $30 or $40.

George Washington Inaugural Bible

The George Washington Inaugural Bible is the Bible that was sworn upon by George Washington when he took office as the first President of the United States on April 30, 1789. 

The Bible is the King James Version from 1767. St. John's Lodge No. 1, Ancient York Masons, own the bible. 

Some people believe the Bible was randomly opened to Genesis 49 during the ceremony, although some experts believe Washington purposely chose it.

The Bible has since been used for the inaugurations of Warren G. Harding in 1921, Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1953, Jimmy Carter in 1977, and George H. W. Bush in 1989.

Nida Patcharaveerapong

Nida Patcharaveerapong (; 13 September 1984 — 24 February 2022), also known as Pattaratida Patcharaveerapong (), better known as Tangmo (), was a Thai actress. Her acting career began in 2003. She was known for appearing in many soap operas and drama shows in Thailand. She was born in Bangkok, Thailand. She appeared in "The Fallen Leaf", "Ghost of Mae Nak" and "".

On 24 February 2022, she fell from a speedboat in Chao Phraya River near Mueang Nonthaburi, Thailand. Her body was found two days later. She was 37 years old.

Juan Carlos Osorio

Juan Carlos Osorio Arbeláez (; born 8 June 1961) is a Colombian professional football manager and former footballer. He played as a midfielder. He managed the Mexico national football team from 2015 until 2018 and Paraguay from 2018 until 2019.

George Herbert

George Herbert was an English poet and Anglican priest.



The Woman Who Walked Alone

The Woman Who Walked Alone is a 1922 American silent drama movie directed by George Melford and stars Dorothy Dalton, Milton Sills, E. J. Ratcliffe, Wanda Hawley, Frederick Vroom, Mayme Kelso, Mabel Van Buren, John Davidson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Huirem Seema

Huirem Seema ("full name:" Huirem Ningol Laimayum Ongbi Seema; 8 November 1970 - 17 September 2011) was an Indian actress from Imphal, Manipur. She had appeared in more than 100 movies in Meitei language (Manipuri language). Besides, she had also produced four movies. She was best remembered for her roles in movies like "Kanaga Hinghouni", "Chang Shi Chang", "Lakhipurgi Lakhipyari", "Naoshum", "Yumleima Lamleima" and "Thasi Thanou". Two of her movies "Yenning Amadi Likla" (feature) and "Ngaihak Lambida" (non-feature) made entries into the Indian Panorama of the International Film Festival of India.

Many of her movies including "Tolenkhomba (Lakhpati)", "Amamba Sayon", "Naoba Naobi" and "Langon" were released after her death.

Seema started her movie career at a young age of five years. Her father was a popular theatre artiste. She also acted in a few plays of the top leading theatre group, "Rupmahal Theatre" and teleplays for "Doordarshan" Television. It was before she shaped her career in movies. Her appearance in movies started since the times of celluloid era of Meitei cinema (Manipuri cinema). She acted in 15 celluloid movies and around 100 digital movies. Her first movie was "31st December". It was directed by L. Surjakanta. Her notable celluloid movies include "Nongju Ahing", "Aroiba Bidai" and "Kanaga Hinghouni". Her appearance in video format movies include "Mantri Dolansana" and "One Way". In digital movies, "Seema" generally played as supporting roles. But her acting talents and versatility could be seen clearly in digital movies where she took leading roles. "Yumleima Lamleima", "Sanahanbi" and "Thasi Thanou" were such examples of the movies. 

Besides acting, she had produced four films under the banner of Seema Productions (SF). The movies were "Asha", "Kalpana", "Thamoinungda" and "Yumleima Lamleima". She co-directed "Yumleima Lamleima" with Homen D' Wai. She was recognized as an approved artiste in the "All India Radio, Imphal".


Lovelace Watkins

Lovelace Watkins (March 6, 1938 – June 11, 1995) was a Las Vegas-based singer and performer. He was famous in America as well as in Europe and Australia.

In apartheid South Africa, Watkins did better than Sidney Poitier who had to stay on a farm out of town due to lack of accommodation for black people. Watkins was the guest of honor at a woman banquet. He was pictured in "The Sunday Express" dancing with a white woman, which wasn't good for the hotel where it was taken as it nearly lost it's license.


Looped (TV series)

Looped is a Canadian animated television series created by Todd Kauffman and Mark It first premiered in United Kingdom on March 5, 2010. It also premiered on January 1, 2010 in Latin America on Cartoon Network and in the Underdogs United Kingdom Force on CITV.

Royal Barge procession

Thailand's Royal Barge Procession (; RTGS: "krabuan phayuhayattra chonlamak") is a ceremony in Thailand. The ceremony is related to religion, and it is related to the monarchy. The ceremony has been known for about 700 years.

During 70 years as king, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, ruled over the procession 16 times.

These ceremonies now use 52 barges. The newest barge, the Royal Barge, the Narai Song Suban, was built in 1994; It is the only barge built during King Bhumibol's reign; 51 older barges are also part of the procession. These barges are manned by 2,082 oarsmen. The procession travels down the Chao Phraya River, from the Wasukri Royal Landing Place in Khet Dusit, Bangkok. It passes the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, the Grand Palace, Wat Po and it arrives in the end, at Wat Arun, 'Temple of the Dawn').

Barges (in the procession) that have less importance than the Royal barge:
The Tangmo ('watermelon') and the E. Leeung barges sail in front of the royal barges. They have the shape like the Police and Saeng barges, but are smaller and sit lower in the water. The oarsmen dress like the rowers on the Saengs.

Howard Devoto

Howard Devoto (born Howard Andrew Trafford, 15 March 1952) is an English singer and songwriter. He was the lead singer for the punk rock band Buzzcocks. He left and formed Magazine, one of the first post-punk bands. After Magazine, he went solo and later formed indie band Luxuria.

Ryan Campbell

Ryan John Campbell (born 7 February 1972) is an Australian former cricketer. He played as a wicket-keeper. He represented both Australia and Hong Kong internationally. He is the current head coach of the Dutch national team since 2017.

Campbell was born in Osborne Park, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. He represented his home state from 1995–96 to 2005–06.

On 16 April 2022, Campbell was placed in an induced coma going into cardiac arrest.

Scinax granulatus

The ranita roncadora ("Scinax granulatus") is a frog that lives in Uruguay, Argentina, Paraguay, and Brazil.

Ospedale degli Incurabili

The Ospedale degli Incurabili is a hospital building in Venice. It was built in the sixteenth century. Now it is used by the Accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia. 

The hospital was built by Gaetano da Thiene. At first it was a hospital for sick people who can not be cured. Later, it became an orphanage. A church was built on the hospital's courtyard in 1565. The church was closed in 1831. It was later destroyed.

The Incurabili was known for its musicians. The girls of the Incurabili were taught music. Their performances are known internationally. Charles Burney, Goethe, Johann Joachim Quantz and Jean-Jacques Rousseau wrote about the concerts in the Incurabili. Johann Adolf Hasse was the "maestro di capella" of the Incurabili. He wrote church music for the Incurabili.

Matthias Church

The Church of the Assumption of the Buda Castle (), commonly known as the Matthias Church (), is a Roman Catholic church in the Holy Trinity Square, Budapest, Hungary.

The original church dates back to the 11th century during the time of King Stephen I, who is a Roman Catholic. 

In the early 13th century, Hungary had been invaded by the Mongols, the original church was destroyed in 1241. King Béla IV replaced the church with a Romanesque basilica.


Markian Popov

Markian Popov was a soviet Military Commander. He was given the Hero of the Soviet Union in 1960. He was born in 1902.

2014–15 FC Augsburg season

The 2014–15 FC Augsburg season was the 108th season in the football club's history and fourth consecutive season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga. It was the sixth season for FC Augsburg in the SGL arena.

Having finished fifth in Bundesliga, FC Augsburg also qualified for the UEFA Europa League for the first time in the club's history. They will enter at the group stage.

"As of 1 September 2014"

2015–16 FC Augsburg season

The 2015–16 FC Augsburg season was the club's fifth consecutive season in the Bundesliga and their 47th season overall.

As of 7 July 2015

Turcophone Iran

The term Turcophone Iran or Turks of Iran typically applies to Iranian Azerbaijan, Fars Province ( nomads) and northern . The Azerbaijanis, who inhabit the Âzerbâyjân provinces, form the vast majority of these Turkish-speaking Iranians: between 20 and 25% of the total population. Because of their large numbers in big cities, like Tabriz and especially in Tehran and its surrounding region, these languages are dominant in only 12% of the rural cantons (). Turkish-speaking areas are often very homogeneous (more than 90% of Turkish-speaking villages in the same dehestân) in Âzerbâyjân and in the . Because of the great dispersion of Turkish villages in the Zagros mountains, Fars region and northern Khorasan since the mid-nineteenth century, the Turkish-speaking population gradually mixed with and Persian-speakers, especially in Tehran and suburban cities such as Karaj, and . The Turkish-speaking population in Iran is the result of a long history that began in the eleventh century with the invasion of Iran by the and lasted to the long ruling Turkic-speaking tribes such as the Safavids (1501-1736) who founded modern Iran in the sixteenth century and the (1786-1923).
Among the Turkish-speaking population of Iran, Azerbaijanis are the least proficient in Persian. The Turkish composition of Tehran is estimated from about one-third to over half of the citie's population. This ratio, of around 6-7 million people, places Tehran in the first place among the densest Turkish habitation in Iran. Azerbaijanis alone comprised at least one-third of Iran's population in 1850. It is likely that this proportion has continued to increase as Iranian Azerbaijanis exhibit greater fertility in rural areas.
 
The Qashqai is one of the largest and most famous tribal confederacies in Iran, composed of settled, semi-settled, and pastoral nomadic communities. In the 1982 census, around 200,000 members of the Qashqai were recorded. According to other sources, the Qashqai consisted of 30,000 families in 1980, which corresponded to about 400,000 people. The international linguistic compendium of the "" estimated their number at 1.5 million in 1997. According to the 2015 census, the total number of the Qashqai ethnic group was given between 1.6 and 2.5 million.


Who Will Be Ningthou?

"Who Will Be Ningthou?" () is a fictional moral story of a Meitei King (), his Queen (), three princes and a princess of Kangleipak (Manipur). It is the story of the decision of the Ningthou and the Leima regarding the succession of the throne of the kingdom among his four children. The story is written by "Indira Mukherjee".

The Ningthou and the Leima of Kangleipak were good rulers. They just wished for the prosperity and the happiness of their kingdom. Similarly, the people of the kingdom also loved their royalties very much. Even the birds, animals and all living beings loved them very much. The Ningthou and the Leima had four children. Among the royal children, three were the princes and one was a princess. The princess was kind with a pure heart. Her name was "Sanatombi". She was loved by everyone. The Ningthou wanted to choose a successor for the kingdom. Everyone thought that the successor would be one of the princes. However, the Ningthou chose his daughter as the heir because she was ever so kind. The Ningthou decided to test all his three sons to select the right successor. He tested if they had the qualities of a good ruler. However, he was disappointed. It was because all his sons were not worthy enough to be the ruler. The Ningthou crowned his daughter, princess "Sanatombi", as the future successor of the kingdom. Sanatombi was only twelve years old during her crowning. She was chosen by her father because she was a very kind person with all the qualities of a true leader. She was merciful and could understand the conditions of the people of her kingdom. She equally cared about animals, birds, and even the trees. So, everyone were quite happy with their future queen of Kangleipak.

The story carries a message about what qualities make a good ruler and how everyone must be pitiful to everyone to make the world a good place to live together.


Cloud gaming

Cloud gaming, is a type of online gaming that runs video games on servers and streams them to the user using the cloud. Most cloud gaming services require a good internet connection and a controller to play but does not require expensive gaming computers.

Google Stadia

Stadia is a cloud gaming service made by Google. Users are able to stream video games at up to 4K resolution at 60 frames per second. 

Hermann Nitsch

Hermann Nitsch (29 August 1938 – 18 April 2022) was an Austrian avant-garde artist. He worked in experimental and multimedia art works. He was a main representative of the Viennese Actionism.

Nitsch died on 18 April 2022 in Mistelbach, Austria at the age of 83.

Pedro Pinto Rubianes

Pedro Alfredo Pinto Rubianes (31 January 1931 – 18 April 2022) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was Vice President of Ecuador from 27 January 2000 to 15 January 2003, during the presidency of Gustavo Noboa. He was a member of the National Congress from 1998 until 2000. Pinto Rubianes was Minister of Finance in the government of Osvaldo Hurtado from 1982 to 1984. He was born in Quito, Ecuador.

Pinto Rubianes died on 18 April 2022 at his home in Quito, aged 91.

Kamen Rider Saber

Kamen Rider Saber is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" Franchise.

Super Hero Time joined "Mashin Sentai Kiramager" and later, "Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger".








Sandra Pisani

Sandra Pisani OAM (23 January 1959 – 19 April 2022) was an Australian field hockey player. He played 85 international games for Australia and was the captain from 1985 to 1987. She competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and was part of the team that won Australia's first Olympic gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Pisani died from cancer in Adelaide, South Australia on 19 April 2022 at the age of 63.

Brad Ashford

John Bradley Ashford (November 10, 1949 – April 19, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Nebraska Legislature from 1987 until 1995 and again from 2007 until 2015. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska's 2nd congressional district from 2015 until 2017. 

Ashford was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He studied at Colgate University and at Creighton University. He was married to Ann Ferlic and had three children.

Ashford was a Democrat from 1982 until 1988 and again from 2013 until his death in 2022. He was also a Republican from 1971 until 1982 and again from 1989 until 2011. He was also an Independent from 2011 to 2013.

Ashford lost his re-election in 2016 to Republican Don Bacon. He ran again in 2018, but lost the Democratic nomination.

In May 2019, Ashford was hospitalized with pulmonary edema caused by blood clots. In February 2022, Ashford announced he had been diagnosed with brain cancer. He died on April 19, 2022 at the age of 72.


Kathryn Kimball Mizelle

Kathryn Kimball Mizelle (born 1987) is an American politician and lawyer. She is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida since 2020. At age 33, she was the youngest person chosen by President Donald Trump for a lifetime judge term.

Marc Bolan

Marc Bolan ( ; born Mark Feld; 30 September 1947 – 16 September 1977) was an English rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was the originator of glam rock. He was known for being part of the band T. Rex. Bolan was born in London. His career began in 1967

Bolan's March 1971 appearance on the BBC's music show "Top of the Pops", wearing glitter under his eyes while performing "Hot Love", is seen as the beginning of the glam rock movement. From 1973, he started mixing rock music with funk, soul, gospel, disco, and R&B.

Bolan never learned to drive because he was scared of dying young. He died in a car crash two weeks before his 30th birthday on 16 September 1977 near London.

Bolan was posthumously honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2020.

Area code 901

Area code 901 is an area code of Tennessee. It was created as one of the original area codes in 1947. It used to cover the entire state, but after being split by 615 in 1954 and 731 in 2001, it now covers the southern leftmost portion of the state. It covers Memphis and its surrounding suburbs.

Area code 902

Area code 902 is an area code for Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. It was one of the original area codes created in 1947. It covers the entire province. It was overlaid by 782 in 2014.

Buda Castle

Buda Castle (, ) is the historical castle and palace in Budapest, it is a World Heritage Site.

Bazita Peak TV Tower

Bazita Peak TV Tower is a broadcasting tower in Zalaegerszeg, Hungary. The TV tower has a antenna on the top and an observation level up the structure. The Alps can be seen from the observation deck. It was built in 1975.


Option (finance)

An option in finance is a contract allowing a buyer the right to exercise, to receive the underlying asset at a specified time, and price. The seller, or counterparty, is responsible for delivering the asset, if the contract were to be exercised. The premiums are owed to the seller of the option, and the seller receives the full premium if the option expires worthless. Contracts are priced using the , which prices the standard deviation (implied volatility) of prices, time decay, and in some cases, dividends into the premium. Contracts that are like options have been used since ancient times.

Hungarian Parliament Building

The Hungarian Parliament Building ( ) is the seat of the National Assembly of Hungary, it is a popular landmark of Hungary and a tourist destination in Budapest.

Elisp

ELisp is the programming language developed exclusively for Emacs by Richard Stallman. Elisp was developed exclusively for use with Emacs and is a version of the language Lisp. Lisp is an acronym that stands for "LISt processing".

Ghostforce

Ghostforce (also referred to as Ghost Force because of its name originally meaning to have a space between Ghost and Force) is a French-Korean CGI animated series. It is a co-production between Zag Animation, Method Animation, Disney Channel EMEA, Toei Animation, SAMG Animation, and PGS Entertainment. It premiered around the world starting in August of 2021. The show is licensed by Disney in the United States where it aired the first season on Disney XD, then on Disney Channel a month later.

The series consists of one season with 56 episodes, comprising 52 11-minute episodes and 4 44-minute episodes, along with a live-action film.

Three secondary school students secretly fight the ghosts that haunt their city.


Kennda Lynch

Kennda Lian Lynch is an American astrobiologist, a person who studies life on other planets. She studies extremophiles. She works with with NASA. 

She identifies places on Earth that might be like places on other planets. She looks at life in those places on Earth and predicts what life would look like on other planets. Lynch also looks at fossils and other signs of past life. She hopes to help us identify what the same signs of life might look like on other planets. Much of Lynch's research has been in the Pilot Valley Basin in the Great Salt Desert of northwestern Utah, U.S. In ancient times that area had a lake. Mars has a similar ancient lake called Jezero Crater. Because of Lynch's research in the Pilot Valley Basin, NASA decided to land the Perseverance Rover mission at Jezero Crater. Jim Greene, Chief Scientist at NASA, called Lynch "a perfect expert to be involved in the Perseverance rover." She is also helping to select a landing site for NASA's first manned mission to Mars in 2035. Lynch has appeared in two television series. She also appeared in "The New York Times", "Nature", "Scientific American", and "Popular Science". Science magazine "Cell Press" called Lynch one of the most inspiring Black scientists in the United States.

Umma (2022 movie)

Umma (which means "Mum" in the Korean language) is a 2022 American supernatural horror movie. It is written and directed by Iris K. Shim and it stars Sandra Oh, Fivel Stewart, MeeWha Alana Lee, Tom Yi, Odeya Rush, and Dermot Mulroney. Sam Raimi serves as a producer on the film. The film follows Amanda (Oh), a single mother who lives with her daughter in a isolated farm being haunted by her mother's ghost.

"Umma" was released in the United States on March 18, 2022 by Sony Pictures Releasing. The movie had mixed-to-negative reviews from critics, who liked Oh's performance and the movie's themes, but criticized its as cliché, its screenplay, many jump scares and no tension.

Korean immigrant Amanda and her homeschooled daughter Chrissy “Chris” live on a rural farm, raising bees, selling honey, raising chickens, and living without modern technology as Amanda has an “allergic reaction” to electronics and electricity. She's upset to learn that Chrissy wants to leave the farm in order to pursue college, as Amanda had wanted her to remain on the farm. When Amanda receives the cremated ashes of her recently deceased estranged mother, who she called Umma, in a suitcase from her uncle visiting her from Korea, she is confronted with memories of her abusive childhood. 

Umma had been left to raise Amanda alone in the United States, unable to speak English and surrounded by those who did not understand or practice her culture. It is revealed that Amanda fabricated her “allergy” to electronics after being electrically shocked multiple times by Umma as punishment. When Amanda cut ties with her mother she also cut ties with her Korean heritage as a whole, including giving up her family name. As her uncle left, he shamed Amanda for abandoning her own mother and heritage, and for not teaching Chrissy Korean language and culture. 

Soon after the ashes arrive a vicious spirit appears, intent on claiming Amanda's body for itself. As the supernatural phenomena following the delivery of her mother’s ashes progress, from visions of tormented Korean spirits (including Umma’s spirit) to an encounter with a kumiho that was eating her chickens, Amanda suddenly becomes more paranoid and fearful that she’s slowly becoming her own mother. This fear becomes realized when Umma successfully possesses her daughter when Amanda tries to bury the ashes. 

Chrissy finds her mother performing the Jesa and wearing a mask and hanbok. She's attacked by Amanda, but manages to avoid being killed after pleading for her life. Amanda decides to confront her mother. She forgives her for the abuse. Amanda acknowledges that it was unfair that Umma had been expected to raise a child all alone in a country far from home and in her circumstances, but that it was not an excuse for the abuse. This compassion and understanding allows Umma to finally move on and be at peace, as she had also come to understand that what she did to Amanda was unfair. The film ends with Amanda rediscovering her family heritage and sharing it with her daughter, as well as coming to terms with Chrissy’s need to live her own life.


Valence and conduction bands

The valence band and conduction band are a concept in physics. They do not mean anything when working with metal. In other solids, they are the last places before the fermi level.

Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs

The Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security Affairs is a person who works in the United States government. They help the President make decisions about weapons, nuclear bombs, and how to keep people safe from these things.

Dasvi

Dasvi () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language social comedy film written by Ritesh Shah and directed by Tushar Jalota. The film is produced by Dinesh Vijan under his banner Maddock Films in collaboration with Jio Studios and Bake My Cake Films. The film stars Abhishek Bachchan, Yami Gautam and Nimrat Kaur.
Bachchan plays the role of an uneducated politician, with Gautam as an IPS officer. The film premiered on Netflix and JioCinema on April 7, 2022. The script and dialogue of the film is doctored by famous poet Dr Kumar Vishwas. The movie received mixed reviews from critics and positive response from the audiences.

Ganga Ram Chaudhary, the charismatic and arrogant Chief Minister of the fictional state of Harit Pradesh, is implicated in a scam and remanded to judicial custody. He appoints his wife Bimla Devi "Bimmo" Chaudhary interim CM until he can post bail. Initially meek and subservient, Bimmo quickly learns the ropes and establishes herself as a powerful politician, undergoing an image makeover in the process. Meanwhile, Chaudhary's popularity and street-smarts gain him a following in jail and he receives preferential treatment. When Jyoti Deswal, a new superintendent, arrives at the jail, Chaudhary's life takes a turn for the worse. Incorruptible and no-nonsense, Jyoti revokes Chaudhary's privileges and treats him like any other prisoner. Chaudhary's attempts to bribe a judge fail, and his immediate bail request is denied.

Following a confrontation, Jyoti embarrasses Chaudhary by evoking his lack of education - he dropped out in 8th grade - and puts him to work in the prison workshop making chairs as he is unqualified for any other work. Spurred by this and by the fact that prisoners attempting to gain a 10th-grade diploma are exempt from work, Chaudhary resolves to study and clear the 10th-grade exams to gain his high-school diploma. Jyoti believes this is a scam, but her hands are tied as Indian Law grants Chaudhary the right to complete his education. Chaudhary struggles to stay engaged in his studies, frequently falling asleep, until he is inspired by a history textbook detailing India's struggle for independence; he begins to take his studies much more seriously. He declares that if he cannot clear his exams, he will never accept the post of Chief Minister again.

Meanwhile, Bimmo grows ambitious and plots to make her interim post permanent, suggesting to Chaudhary that he feign mental illness to gain asylum in a lavish hospital. Jyoti foils this by exposing Chaudhary's lies, saving his career in the process (as people proved to be mentally unfit are disqualified from contesting elections). When Chaudhary suffers a minor heart attack, Jyoti saves him by performing CPR, drawing Bimmo's ire. Chaudhary progresses in his studies with help from inmates he has befriended, but struggles in Hindi as he is practically illiterate and cannot visualize the alphabet. Bimmo exacerbates this problem by arranging the release of the prisoner who is helping him with Hindi. Jyoti, beginning to see the change in character that the focus on education has brought on in Chaudhary, agrees to help him. As they make progress, they develop mutual respect.

Chaudhary's bail application is processed and he is cleared for release, but Jyoti hides this from him so he can focus on his studies. Chaudhary appears for his exams but is uncertain of how he has performed. When he is released, he finds out about Jyoti's deceit. Irate, he threatens her and warns her that he'll never change; Jyoti is disappointed by his intransigence. When Chaudhary returns to the political arena, he discovers that Bimmo has usurped the CM chair and he has no support in his own party. He aligns with a rival party and contests the upcoming election making education his primary agenda. The election results and exam results are due on the same day. While votes are being counted, Chaudhary rushes back to jail to discover that he has passed the exams. As a token of gratitude, he gifts Jyoti a chair that he'd made in the workshop as her Gurudakshina (traditionally a gift given by a student to a teacher). His new party wins the election and Chaudhary reconciles with Bimmo. He refuses the Chief Minister post and chooses to become the Minister of Education instead. During his oath ceremony, he makes it a point to convey his gratitude to Jyoti and the other inmates who helped him clear the exams.


Villers-sous-Montrond

Villers-sous-Montrond was a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. On 1 January 2022, it became part of a new commune, Les Monts-Ronds.

Ann Veneman

Ann Margaret Veneman (born June 29, 1949) is an American politician and lawyer. She was the executive director of UNICEF from 2005 to 2010. Veneman was the United States Secretary of Agriculture from January 20, 2001 to January 20, 2005 during the George W. Bush administration. She also was California's Secretary of Food and Agriculture from 1995 to 1999.

Our Lady of Vendôme

Our Lady of Vendôme () is a title of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the city of Porto, Portugal, where she is the patron saint.

Dan Glickman

Daniel Robert Glickman (born November 24, 1944) is an American politician, lawyer, lobbyist, and nonprofit leader. He was the United States Secretary of Agriculture from 1995 until 2001. He represented as a Democrat in the United States House of Representatives from 1977 until 1995.

He was Chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) from 2004 to 2010.

Frank Lucas (Oklahoma politician)

Frank Dean Lucas (born January 6, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 2003. He represented the 6th district before from 1994 to 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In April 2014, Lucas introduced the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act (H.R. 4413; 113th Congress) into the House.


Marian apparition

A Marian apparition is a supernatural event where somebody says they have seen Mary, the mother of Jesus. If a person claims they have heard Mary or have dreamt of Mary, this is not enough; the person needs to claim that they have seen Mary in their environment. 

Glenn English

Glenn Lee English Jr. (born November 30, 1940) is an American Democratic politician. He represented Oklahoma's 6th congressional district from 1975 until 1994.

Charlie Dent

Charles Wieder Dent (born May 24, 1960) is an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for from 2005 to 2018. From 1991 to 2004, he was in the Pennsylvania General Assembly. 

Dent was on the House Committee on Appropriations. He had chaired the House Ethics Committee before.

In September 2017, Dent announced that he would retire from Congress and not run for re-election to another term in 2018. In April 2018, Dent announced that he would retire in May 2018, not finishing out the rest of his term. He resigned on May 12, 2018, leaving the seat empty until Susan Wild won the special election to replace him.

In August 2020, Dent announced his support for Joe Biden, the Democratic nominee for the 2020 presidential election.

Mariology

Mariology is the theological study of Mary, the mother of Jesus. The goal is to relate doctrine or dogma about Mary to other doctrines of the faith, such as redemption, intercession and grace.

Mosharraf Hossain (cricketer)

Khondaker Mosharraf Hossain (20 November 1981 – 19 April 2022), nicknamed Rubel, was a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and slow left arm orthodox bowler. He had played five One Day International (ODI) matches for Bangladesh. Hossain was born in Kishoreganj, Dhaka, Bangladesh.

In March 2019, Mosharraf was diagnosed with brain cancer. On 15 March 2022, he was hospitalized in Dhaka. A month later on 19 April, he died from the cancer, aged 40.

Organ failure

Organ failure is a condition of the human body in which an important internal organ is unable to perform its necessities as it would if it were still functioning. For example, kidney failure is when the kidneys are unable to filter the body's urine.

Organ failure is often the result of multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), where the organ begins to fall ill.

Failure of a vital organ is not defined to a single cause. Rather, it can be the result of many diseases, such as the aforementioned multiple
organ dysfunction system, but it can also be the result of sepsis, an extreme response to an infection which causes inflammatory chemicals to be released into the bloodstream.

The Case of Becky

The Case of Becky is a 1921 American silent drama movie directed by Chester Franklin and was based on the 1912 play of the same name by David Belasco and Edward J. Locke. It stars Constance Binney, Glenn Hunter, Montagu Love, Margaret Seddon, Jane Jennings and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Antoine Forqueray

Antoine Forqueray (September 1672 – 28 June 1745) was a French composer and viola da gamba player.

Forqueray was born in Paris. At the age of ten, he played a "bass de violon" for King Louis XIV. King Louis was impressed by Forqueray's skills. He asked somebody to teach Forqueray the bass viol. 

Forqueray worked for the French court. He played for the king and visitors to the French court. In 1689 he became "musicien ordinaire" of the "chambre du roi". He was the music teacher of the Duke of Orléans.

He married Henriette-Angélique Houssu in 1697. Their marriage was not happy. His wife left Forqueray five times. They separated in 1710.

Forqueray was mainly a composer for the viol. He wrote over 300 pieces of music. However, only a few survive today. His music was virtuosic and contain unusual harmonies.

His son, Jean-Baptiste Forqueray made arrangements of his works. 


Juan de Fuca

Ioannis Phokas, better known by his Spanish name Juan de Fuca, was a Greek maritime pilot for the Spanish Empire. 

According to de Fuca himself, he went on two voyages after being told to do so by the leader of New Spain, Luis de Velasco. Both voyages were meant to find the supposed Strait of Anián, which was believed to be a Northwest Passage. The first voyage saw 200 soldiers and three small ships under the overall command of a Spanish captain (with de Fuca as pilot and captain) told the crew to find the Strait of Anián and to fortify and protect it in case the English wanted to take it. 

The first expedition failed. Allegedly due to the captain's wrongdoing, the soldiers rose up against him and returned home to California.

In 1592, on his second voyage, de Fuca was far more successful than his previous voyage. He returned to Acapulco and claimed to have found the strait, with a large island at its opening. However, despite the promises of Velasco, de Fuca never got any of the rewards that he was supposed to get for his service.

When the English captain Charles William Barkley discovered the strait de Fuca had written about, he renamed it the "Strait of Juan de Fuca".

His discoveries in the Western Hemisphere led to the Juan de Fuca tectonic plate being named after him.

Juan de Fuca Provincial Park on Vancouver Island's West Coast is named for the strait, as is the hiking trail of the same name.

Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church

The Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church (,), or simply Ethiopian Orthodox Church is the largest Oriental Orthodox Church.

It was part of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria from 4th century until 1959.

The Church accepts the doctrine of Miaphysitism, which believes in the one person of Jesus Christ, divinity and humanity are united in one. 

The Church has 500 bishops in the patriarchates of Alexandria, Antioch and Jerusalem.


Albert Pierrepoint

Albert Pierrepoint (30 March 1905 - 10 July 1992) was a British executioner, responsible for the executions of over 400 people. He was known as a famous hangman, in addition, he owned a bar. One of his executions involved an acquaintance who visited his bar often; James Corbitt (20 October 1913 - 28 November 1950) nicknamed Tish by Pierrepoint.

Pierrepoint said this about Corbitt's final moments. At twenty seconds to nine the next morning, he went into the death cell. He seemed under a great strain, but he did not see stark fear in his eyes, only a more childlike worry. He was anxious to be remembered and to be accepted. "Hello, Tish," he said, not confidently. "How are you?" he was not effusive, just gave the casual warmth of his nightly greeting from behind the bar.

Albert was born in 1905 in Clayton, which was a civil parish of Bradford, his father Henry Pierrepoint was removed from the list of Executioners in 1910 after an argument with his assistant John Ellis, Thomas was reported to have said about John Ellis that "it was impossible to work with him".



Henry Pierrepoint

Henry Pierrepoint (30 November 1877 - 14 December 1922) was a British executioner, from 1901 until 1910 when he was struck off the list for arguing with his assistant, his brother Thomas Pierrepoint and Henry's son Albert Pierrepoint would later become Executioners.

Noisestorm

Eoin O'Broin (born 1 October 1995) is an Irish DJ known for creating the song Crab Rave.

Scinax fuscovarius

Miranda's snouted tree frog, fuscous-blotched tree frog, snouted tree frog, or San Luis snouted tree frog ("Scinax fuscovarius") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. Scientists have seen it between and 150 and 1800 meters above sea level.

Voujeaucourt

Voujeaucourt () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Michael Chobanian

Michael Chobanian (Ukrainian: Михайло Чобанян, born 23 November 1983) is a Ukrainian businessman and public figure in IT, finance, cryptocurrency, and blockchain. Founder of the first cryptocurrency exchange in Ukraine, KUNA.io and ideologist of the cryptocurrency community of Ukraine. President of the Blockchain of Ukraine Association. 

Michael studied in City, University of London. In 2010-2012 he received a Master's degree in Business Administration (EMBA) from the London Business School, the Chinese University of Hong Kong and Columbia University.
In 2014, he founded the first bitcoin agency in Eastern Europe and Ukraine – Kuna Bitcoin Agency.

In 2015, he founded the first public Ukrainian cryptocurrency exchange KUNA.io.

In September 2014, he opened the first Bitcoin Embassy in the CIS.

In 2018, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, he presented the concept of Blockchain HUB being developed in Kyiv.
Since the start of Russia's full-scale war against Ukraine, Mikhail Chobanyan has launched a Crypto Fund for Ukraine to help the Armed Forces which has raised over $100 million of donations. At the request of the Ministry of Digital Transformation, Chobanyan helped the Government of Ukraine to create and manage state cryptocurrency wallets for donations in Kuna Exchange.

In March 2022, Michael Chobanyan spoke at a hearing of the US Senate Committee on how cryptocurrencies help Ukraine during the war with Russia and why Russian oligarchs will not be able to circumvent sanctions with their help. 

Sugar Daddy (candy)

Sugar Daddy is a candy bar on a stick made by Tootsie Roll Industries. It is a block of somewhat hard caramel. A jelly bean version named Sugar Babies is also sold.

Nabisco (now Mondelēz International) bought the James O. Welch Company in 1963. The Welch brands were bought in 1988 by Warner-Lambert, which Tootsie Roll Industries bought in 1993.

There are Junior Pop (53 kcal) and Large Pop (200 kcal) sizes. Half-pound (964 kcal) and one-pound (1928 kcal) sizes are also available every Valentine's Day and Christmas.

Chinese University of Hong Kong

The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) is a state owned university in Shatin, Hong Kong, established in 1963.

It is one of the oldest universities in Hong Kong, the second oldest after the University of Hong Kong. The motto of the university is "博文約禮", which in Chinese means "to expand the intellectual horizon and keep within the bounds of decency." Teaching at the university is carried out in Chinese and English. According to the QS ranking of the best universities in the world, in 2016 the University ranks 44th in the world and 3rd in Hong Kong.

London Business School

London Business School also known as LBS is a higher education institution in London.

It is a business school of the University of London, established in 1964. Starting from the 2010 graduation, it issues its own diploma, until this period a diploma from the University of London was issued. The school offers a full program of study in the MBA (Master of Business Administration) program, as well as doctoral and many other programs for further education and education, including: the world's first Masters in Finance program (since 1993, and in 2011 the MiF program was recognized Financial Times No. 1 in the world), Masters in Management, Executive MBA, Sloan, etc.

The school is in first place in the list of world business schools, published in the global list of the Financial Times (Financial Times Global MBA Rankings 2010).

Mátyás Rákosi

Mátyás Rákosi (; born Mátyás Rosenfeld; 9 March 1892 – 5 February 1971) was a Hungarian communist politician who was the "de facto" leader of Hungary from 1947 to 1956. 

During his rule in Hungary, there was a political transition from the regime of people's democracy to a socialist state, as well as the accelerated Sovietization of Hungary, accompanied by political repression. Three years after Stalin's death, some time after the 20th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, which adopted the historic resolution "On the cult of personality and its consequences", he was dismissed. 

Waxhaw lands

The Waxhaw lands are a region on both sides of the border between what now is North Carolina and South Carolina, United States. It encompasses the areas currently known as Lancaster, Union and Mecklenburg counties. The name comes from that of the Indigenous people who first inhabited the landbase, the Waxhaw people.

The region was named for its first inhabitants, the Waxhaw people. The Waxhaw tribe had been almost annihilated by Eurasian infectious diseases following their first European contacts. Those who remained were killed or dispersed during the Yamasee War of 1715.

Around the year 1740, Irish, Scots-Irish, and German immigrants began to move into The Waxhaws region and to establish farms. What is now the Old Waxhaw Presbyterian Church was built in 1752.

During the American Revolution, under the command of militia Colonel William Davie the settlers in The Waxhaws fiercely resisted the British. In 1781, the British forces of General Cornwallis briefly occupied the town of Charlotte, already the largest town in the region, but his garrison was soon driven out by the local militia. Cornwallis later wrote that Charlotte was "a hornet's nest of rebellion", and Charlotte still is nicknamed, ""The Hornet's Nest"".

The seventh president of the United States, Andrew Jackson, was born and raised in The Waxhaws region. At the time of his birth, a border between the Carolinas did not exist. The exact site of his birth is uncertain. Later in life, perhaps for political reasons, Jackson claimed he was born on the South Carolina side of the new border, however, a midwife reportedly birthed Jackson in a cabin north of the border. 


Ada, Serbia

Ada (; ) is a town and municipality located in the North Banat District of the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. It is near the river Tisa. The town has a population of 9,564 and 75.04% of the people there are ethnic Hungarians.

Xai-Xai

Xai-Xai () is a city in the south of Mozambique. The city was named João Belo until 1975. It is the capital of Gaza Province. In 2007 it has a population of 116,343.

2016–17 FC Augsburg season

The 2016–17 FC Augsburg season was the 110th season in the club's history and 6th consecutive and overall season in the Bundesliga. This was the 8th season in which Augsburg played at the WWK Arena, located in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. The season covers a period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

Pairs trade

A pairs trade is a type of stock market trade. It is a spread trade where one asset is shorted and another asset is bought. If the spread between the two assets changes, the trade is profitable or at a loss. This depends on the direction of the change.

Vilnius University

Vilnius University () is a public research university in Lithuania. It is the oldest university in the Baltic states. It is one of the oldest and most famous universities in Northern Europe. It is ranked in the top 400 universities worldwide (QS).








Heroes' Square (Budapest)

Hősök tere (), lit. Heroes' Square, is one of the major squares in Budapest, Hungary, it is popular for its statues of the Seven chieftains of the Magyars and other important Hungarian leaders. The square is also popular for the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 

Cheetham Hill

Cheetham Hill is a part of Manchester. In 2011, it had a population of 22,562.

Districts of Prague

Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic has a local-government structure. Prague is divided into 10 municipal districts (1-10), 22 administrative districts (1-22), 57 municipal parts, or 112 cadastral areas.

Prague 1

Prague 1 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague. 


Prague 2

Prague 2 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.


Prague 3

Prague 3 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Bird women

Bird women are the legendary hybrid creatures with parts of human females and birds. They appear in various stories of many mythological as well as folk tales across different cultures of the world. 
Some of the prominent examples include:

Prague 4

Prague 4 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 5

Prague 5 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Lisa: The Painful

Lisa: The Painful is a post-apocalyptic role-playing game made using the RPG Maker tool. It was developed and published by Austin Jorgenson under Dingaling Productions. It was released on Steam on December 15, 2014, for Windows, MacOS, and Linux. It is the second game in the Lisa trilogy.

In Lisa the Painful, the player controls Brad Armstrong, a balding, middle-aged man looking for his daughter in the wasteland of Olathe. Along the way, he is forced to make decisions that permanently influence the story. The game's plot is loosely based on the P.D. James novel, The Children of Men.

The game received critical acclaim for its darkly comedic writing and distinctive soundtrack.

"Lisa: The Painful" is set in the wasteland of Olathe. The player controls Brad Armstrong as he searches for his adopted daughter, Buddy, in the wasteland of Olathe. An unexplained event called "The Flash" made all the women in Olathe disappear, but Buddy survived. This leads to a gang called the Rando Army to kidnap Buddy, to preserve humanity. On his journey, Brad recruits party members, fighting perverts and warlords. Brad is tormented by the mysterious Buzzo, who punishes Brad for an event he refuses to specify. Brad suffers flashbacks to the rape and abuse of his sister, Lisa, at the hands of his father, Marty. To cope with his stress, Brad takes the highly dangerous and addictive drug "joy", which can cause its users to transform into grotesque mutants. On August 15, 2015, a sequel called "Lisa: The Joyful" featuring Buddy as the protagonist was released.

Prague 6

Prague 6 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 7

Prague 7 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 8

Prague 8 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 9

Prague 9 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 10

Prague 10 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 11

Prague 11 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic. It is located in the south eastern part, 8 km from the City Center.

Amy Uyematsu

Amy Uyematsu (October 18, 1947 – June 23, 2023) was a Japanese American poet who has written six highly acclaimed poetry collections. 

Prominent writer Naomi Hirahara called Uyematsu, "One of LA's finest poets." Her writing mainly focused on the discrimination she experienced as both an Asian-American and a woman. Much of her early work explored the origins of the yellow power movement, which was a campaign inspired by the Black Power movement that worked towards equal rights for Asian Americans. Uyematsu won the Nicholas Roerich Poetry Prize for her first book, 30 Miles from J-Town, in 1992. She attended UCLA during the late 1960s and early 1970s, where she began writing poetry in response to anti-Asian racism in the U.S. that was largely caused by the ongoing Vietnam War. Uyematsu’s activism spurred her to help start up UCLA’s Asian American Studies Program immediately after her graduation. Her writing appeared in many anthologies and journals published internationally. Her essay from 1969, “The Emergence of Yellow Power in America,” has had a lasting impact on Asian-American studies across the country, through her criticism of social inequities: “Although the race situation in America is not strictly analogous to white colonialism and imperialism, the blacks and yellows have suffered similar consequences as Third World people at the hands of the American capitalist power.” Uyematsu was also an experienced educator and taught high school mathematics for over thirty years in Los Angeles.


Josefov

Josefov (also Jewish Quarter; ) is a town quarter and the smallest cadastral area of Prague, Czech Republic, it was the Jewish ghetto of the town. Jewish people were forced to wear the yellow Magen David (Star of David) during the German occupation of Czechoslovakia.

Anne Burlak

Anne Burlak Timpson (or “Red Flame”; May  24th, 1911–July 9th, 2002) was a well-known union organizer. 

In 1928, Timpson was a representative in the founding (starting) convention (meeting) for the National Textile Workers Union. During the 1930’s, she worked with the union in textile mills and held protests there almost every day. During this time, she was arrested moments before she was supposed to give a speech at an Atlanta hall. She spent seven weeks in jail before facing the death penalty for violating Georgia's insurrection law. However, she was eventually released and the charges were dropped. She then became one of the leaders in the Lawrence textile strike where she organized protests against layoffs, pay cuts, and shortened hours. She earned the title the “Red Flame” at this time. In 1932, she led a group of 3,000 people from Rhode Island in the national Hunger March to Washington D.C. Shortly after, she became an official organizer for the National Textile Workers Union. She was granted the Wonder Woman Award by the Wonder Woman Foundation in 1982 and was later recognized by the Rhode Island Labor Society in 1990. 

LaNada War Jack

LaNada War Jack (or LaNada Boyer and LaNada Means; born 1947) is a Native American activist and author who participated in the Occupation of Alcatraz from November 20, 1969 – June 11, 1971. She is a member of the Shoshone Bannock Tribes.

War Jack majored in Native American Law and Politics at UC Berkeley and participated in the Third Worlds Strike as a student. At Berkeley, she began the first Native American Studies program in the country with other students. War Jack was also part of the negotiation team that assisted with creating The Department of Ethnic Studies in 1969. Later that same year, she participated in the organization of the nineteen-month Occupation of Alcatraz: a peaceful protest where almost 100 Native Americans (plus other supporters) inhabited Alcatraz Island. Deynon Means, War Jack’s son, and Claudene Boyer, her sister, came too. Students from other universities and colleges in California also participated. 

War Jack worked as a professor. She taught Native American History at many colleges. She was a distinguished professor at Boise State University, War Jack taught Native American Law and Politics. In 2014, she published the book "" about the treatment Native Americans have received throughout the years and the story of herself as an activist. For three years, she also served as the Executive Director for the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes. Now she is President of Indigenous Visions Network. 

Cadastre

A cadastre or cadaster is a recording of the real estate or real property's metes-and-bounds of a country.

Artvin Province

Artvin Province (Laz and Georgian: ართვინი, romanized: artvini; Armenian: Արտուին, romanized: Artuin) is a province in Turkey, on the Black Sea coast in the northeastern corner of the country, on the border with Georgia.
Armenian (Hemshin), Georgian, Laz and Turkish people live in Artvin. 

Miriam W. Yeung

Miriam W. Yeung is a queer, Asian-American immigrant activist for reproductive justice, immigrant rights, and LGBTQ+ rights.

She is the former executive director of the National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum. She worked in different roles at the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center in New York for 10 years. She raised over 40 million dollars in funding while she worked there. She has been published in many different publications and is a highly regarded speaker. In 2016, she was honored as the Woman of Vision at the Gloria Awards. Yeung has also been given recognition from the New York City Council for her work for the LGBTQ+ youth community. 

Yeung was born in Hong Kong and came to the United States with her parents in 1977. She was raised in Brooklyn. She holds a master's degree in public administration from Baruch College and a bachelor's degree from New York University.

Aliya Ogdie Hassen

Aliya Ogdie Hassen (born Aliya Ogdie; April 30, 1910–May, 1990) was an Arab American community organizer in Detroit, MI. She founded several organizations, including ACCESS in Dearborn, Michigan. 

Hassen fought for Muslim rights and feminism within Islam. Even as a child, she didn’t follow what was expected of her. She wrote many works that focused on getting rid of false common ideas about Muslims, Arabs, and Muslim women. She used quotes from the Holy Quran and the Prophet Muhammad as evidence. Hassen also participated in protests to support Arabs. Along with her husband, Ali Hassen, she started the Egyptian Arab American Seaman’s Society to spread the message of Islam to the wider public and support Arab-American Muslims. She also began another organization, the Islamic Sorority, to give a safe space for Muslim women and their children to practice Islam. Hassen held leading roles in other Islamic organizations, such as the Islamic Center of New York and the Federation of Islamic Associations. Hassen became friendly with many important Muslim and Arab people, such as Malcolm X, and the Saudi prince Talal bin Abdulaziz. She wrote multiple works about Muslim feminism, like “Feminine Participation in Islamic Affairs.” Her work reached many people and changed their ideas on Arab-Americans, Muslims, and Islamic feminism.

Luigi's Mansion 3

Luigi's Mansion 3 is a 2019 video game made by Nintendo. It is the third game in the "Luigi's Mansion" series. The game was released on the Nintendo Switch on October 31, 2019. The main setting of this game is a haunted hotel. The new gameplay feature in this game is the addition of Gooigi, a slimy version of Luigi, the main character and protagonist.

Bo Thao-Urabe

Bo Thao-Urabe (born 1973) is the founder and network director for the Coalition of Asian American Leaders (CAAL). The group's goal is to unite Asian American leaders across different generations and ethnicities. CAAL works for justice, peace, and prosperity. Bo Thao-Urabe was Senior Director at Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders in Philanthropy (AAPIP). She created social justice initiatives. She has been recognized for her work for women's rights. Thao-Urabe's goal is to make Minnesota an welcoming place for all people. 

She has improved the community by working with local and national businesses and non-profit businesses by serving on the Boards of Nonprofits, Drake Bank, and the Minneapolis Foundation. She has won numerous awards; the National Philanthropy Day Award from the Association of Fundraising Professionals-Minnesota's Chapter, the Newsmaker Award from Minnesota's Women Press, the Impact Award from Hmong National Development, the Courageous Woman Award from Augsburg College, and the Facing Race Award from the Saint Paul Foundation. She also received a Buck fellowship award in 2019 in honor of her work to improve the community.

Bo Thao-Urabe was born on 1973 in Laos. She was born during America's war in Vietnam. Bo's family fled to Thailand. They spent three years in a refugee camp. In December 1797, she came to Chicago, IL, America, as an immigrant. She learned English quickly. She helped her mother use the public bus system. She moved to St. Paul, MN. In St. Paul Thao-Urabe found people who had similar life experiences. They talked about their experiences in a similar way. As she got older, she felt angry about the racism she saw. She believed that racism made it harder for her family to live in the United States. For example, it meant she needed to be the English interpreter for her parents. Also, it meant her family did not have help taking care of her sister, so she had to do it.

Evelyn Yoshimura

Evelyn Yoshimura (b. 1948) is a Japanese American scholar and ethnic studies activist. She helped change the curriculum at Cal State University Long Beach (CSULB). 
She wanted universities to have ethnic studies courses--a class where you learn about the culture and history of non-White races. Yoshimura and other students of color fought for these classes to be added. They wanted their classes to reflect all the different races at the university. The university ignored the students. The students held protests. At one protest, violence started between protestors and people who did not want ethnic studies classes. After the protests, CSULB added some ethnic studies courses to the curriculum. 

Yoshimura also helped create the Amerasia bookstore. The bookstore was one of the only places that sold books by Japanese-American authors. In the early 1970s, Evelyn joined the newspaper Gidra. Gidra wrote about the Asian-American movement. It’s often viewed as “the voice of the Asian-American movement”. She’s also an original staff member for the Little Tokyo Service Center (LTSC), which supports Japanese-Americans, especially in Los Angeles’ “Little Tokyo” district. After the LA riots in 1992, they helped Asian-Americans and other riot victims as well. The LTSC was an existing community service group that was already organized. This made it easier for them to help.

Cindy Sheehan

Cindy Lee Miller Sheehan (born July 10, 1957) is an American anti war activist. She was one of the most well-known faces in the United States' antiwar movement of the 2000s. 

She was the mother of Casey Sheehan. He was a soldier who died in the Iraq War. After his death, Sheehan grieved. She protested because of her son. Months later, she started traveling around the United States. She spoke at universities, churches, and other communities around the country. President Bush refused to meet with her at the White House. In 2005, Sheehan set up camp outside President Bush’s home in Texas to protest. Sheehan’s strong protests created controversy throughout the U.S.. Many people did not like her protesting against her country. Sheehan knew many people who lost family members and friends in the war. She protested for all of those people. 

Alicia Escalante

Alicia Escalante (born 1933) became one of the leading activists in the Chicano Movement in the 1960s.

Escalante was born in El Paso, Texas, USA. Her family had seven children. She was the second born. Her mother divorced her father. He was not a kind person. Because her mother did not have a job, her father gained custody of all the children. Escalante's mother moved to Los Angeles, California, USA, to live with her sister. Escalante was close to her mother and did not want to live with her father. At age nine, she got on a train to try to get to her mother. The police found her, but her father let her go to California. She moved to Lost Angeles with her mother. She moved during World War II.

Escalante fought for welfare rights, women's rights, and economic equality during the Chicano Movement. In 1967 she created the East Los Angeles Welfare Rights Organization with her family doctor, Doctor Carlo. It was one of the first Chicana organizations. This organization taught people about welfare rules and rights. They gave information in Spanish and English. It also helped people to apply for welfare and fix problems. 

In 1968 she participated in the Salvador Castro's East Los Angeles Walkouts. She was arrested. In 1969 she participated in Ricardo Cruz's Catolicos por la Raza's demonstration. Escalante’s activism and involvement in the Chicano Movement made her friends with other activists: Gloria Arellanes and poet Rodolfo "Corky" Gonzalez. She taught Spanish and Welfare rights at Gonzalez’s Escuela Tlatelolco. She also created a bilingual Spanish and English newspaper, La Causa De Los Pobres. The newspaper helped Spanish speakers understand the government and Welfare rights. She wrote for several other newspapers to try to enable people to create change. Escalante wrote a lot of speeches, articles, and letters. She also protested police hurting people, the Vietnam War, and world hunger. Escalante also participated in the Poor People’s Campaign March on Washington. 

Escalante was very good at creating partnerships with other activists. She partnered with many African American organizations. For example, she worked with Catherine Jermany and the Los Angeles County Welfare Rights Organization. She worked with many student groups. 

Her work was featured in the documentary called "Chicana," made in 1979 by Sylvia Morales. Her papers are at the University of California, Santa Barabara's California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives. 

Escalante had five children. She was a single mother. The family lived in East Lost Angeles, California, USA. They moved to Sacramento in 1974. 

Queen Mother Moore

Queen Mother Moore (born Audley Moore; July 27, 1898 – May 2, 1997) was a strong African-American civil rights leader and Black nationalist (someone who fights for Black people to be thought of as an individual race) as well as being an activist for 70 years.
She spent her life fighting for Black freedom and her rights. Her childhood was filled with racism and shaped her ideas for the future. In the 1920s, she was involved in Marcus Garvey’s UNIA, which fought for the creation of organizations by and for the Black community. In 1933, she turned to the Communist party because they were the only ones focused on her rights. With them, she deepened her studies of race, class, gender, and reparations (giving back to victims of slavery and their descendants). She publicly spoke against Italy’s invasion of Ethiopia and in favor of the Scottsboro Boys. She left the party in 1950 and became a republican, then a democrat. For most of the 1950s and 1960s, Moore was the most known leader for African-American reparations. She was a “shero” (heroine) in Harlem and a role model. She went on to create the Universal Association of Ethiopian Women and the in the 1960s, which was a diverse community organization fighting for reparations, and strengthened other organizations along the way. The efforts of UAEW members caused the state of Louisiana to rethink the idea of reparations. In 1963, in honor of the 100-year anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, the group helped Black Americans file formal reparations claims (asking for something to make up for an unfair act) to the US government. On a trip to Africa in 1972, the Ashanti people in Ghana gave her the honorary title of “Queen Mother”. 


Seymour Papert

Seymour Aubrey Papert (29 February 1928, Pretoria, Union of South Africa – 31 July 2016, Maine, U.S.) was a groundbreaking mathematician, computer scientist, and educator. He spent his career at MIT. He was an early leader in the field of artificial intelligence. He is one of the founders of the constructivist movement in education. With Cynthia Solomon and Wally Feurzeig he invented the Logo Programing Language. He was co-director of the MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab with Marvin Minsky. He advocated for computers in education as a tool for constructivist education. His work influenced many 21st-century thinkers in American education.

Balenciaga

Balenciaga SAS ( ; ) is a luxury fashion company founded in 1919 by the Spanish designer Cristóbal Balenciaga in San Sebastián, Spain. The headquarters is now in Paris, France. Balenciaga closed in 1972 and was reopened under new ownership in 1986. Since 2001, the brand has been owned by the luxury group Kering.

Little Rock Central High School

Little Rock Central High School (LRCHS) is a public high school in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. The school was the site of forced desegregation in 1957 after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that segregation of public schools was unconstitutional three years before. This was during the height of the civil rights movement. It has since been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and named as a U.S. National Historic Landmark and National Historic Site.

Henny Hilberink

Henny Hilberink (also known as Hennie Hilberink 21 December 1943 — 16 November 2016) was a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Dedemsvaart. She won a total of four gold medals at the 1972 Summer Paralympics and 1976 Summer Paralympics.

She competed in one of the most impaired disability classes. During the 1969 Paralympics in class 2 and during the 1972 Paralympics in class 1B.

At the 1972 Summer Paralympics she won the gold medal in the 25 m Backstroke event ahead of Quirien Jonker. Four years later at the 1976 Summer Paralympics she competed in the 1B disability class and won three gold medals. She won the 25 m Backstroke event, 25 m Breaststroke event and 25 m Freestyle event.

Vic Snyder

Victor Frederick "Vic" Snyder (born September 27, 1947) is an American physician, lawyer, and politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 1997 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Snyder announced on January 15, 2010 that he would retire at the end of his term.

Prague 12

Prague 12 () is a municipal district ("městská část") in Prague, Czech Republic.

Earl Devaney

Earl E. Devaney (June 8, 1947 – April 15, 2022) was an American police officer and politician. He was the Inspector General for the United States Department of the Interior from 1999 until 2011. He was the Chairman of the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board from 2009 until 2011. Devaney was from Massachusetts. He was also a United States Secret Service agent.

Devaney died on April 15, 2022 at the age of 74.

Municipal House

Municipal House () is a civic building that houses Smetana Hall in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

Carlos Lucas

Carlos Lucas Manríquez (4 June 1930 – 19 April 2022) was a Chilean boxer. He won the bronze medal in the light heavyweight division at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He also won bronze at the 1959 Pan American Games in Chicago. Lucas was born in Villarrica, Chile.

Lucas died on 19 April 2022, aged 91.

1959 Pan American Games

The 1959 Pan American Games were held in Chicago, Illinois, United States between August 28 and September 7, 1959. The event was opened by Milton S. Eisenhower, the brother of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower. It was held at Soldier Field. The United States won the most medals winning 121 gold medals and a total of 252 medals. Argentina and Canada came in second and third place.

Coat of arms of the Czech Republic

The coat of arms of the Czech Republic () shows the three historic regions of the Czech lands (Bohemia Moravia and Czech Silesia). The country started using this coat of arms in 1992. Czech heraldist, Jiří Louda, designed it.

Coat of arms of Monaco

The coat of arms of Monaco, is the symbol of the House of Grimaldi. They are the royal family of the principality of Monaco

Rize Province

Rize Province (Armenian: Ռիզե, romanized: Rrize; Laz: რიზინი, romanized: Rizini; Georgian: რიზე, romanized: Rize) is a province of northeast Turkey, on the eastern Black Sea coast between Trabzon and Artvin.
Armenian (Hemshin), Georgian, Laz and Turkish people live in Rize.

List of Dutch politicians

This is a list of Dutch politicians.



Goulash

Goulash (), is a soup of meat and vegetables seasoned with paprika and other spices. Goulash came from Hungary and is commonly eaten in Central Europe and other parts of Europe. It is one of the national dishes of Hungary and a symbol of the country. In Hungary, goulash is a soup and not a stew! 

José Vasconcelos

José Vasconcelos Calderón (January 28, 1882 – June 30, 1959), known as the "Cultural Caudillo" of the Mexican Revolution, was a Mexican writer, philosopher and politician and is one of the most influential and controversial personalities of Modern Mexico.


Treuenbrietzen

Treuenbrietzen is a town in Brandenburg, Germany.


Status quo ante bellum

Status quo ante bellum is a Latin phrase which means "the condition before the war". It means that nothing has changed after a war. No side loses territory or power.

Truth table

A truth table summarizes how we combine two logical conditions based on AND, OR, and NOT. Logic tells us that if two things must be true in order to proceed, then both condition 1 AND condition 2 must be true. If it only takes one out of two things to be true, then condition 1 OR condition 2 must be true. De Morgan's Laws tell us how to negate a Boolean expression and what it means to do so.

Carboxylate

A carboxylate is the conjugate base of a carboxylic acid, RCOO− (or RCO−2). It is an ion with negative charge. Carboxylate ions are made when a carboxylic acid loses a hydrogen ion. Such acids usually have pKa of less than 5, meaning that many bases, such as sodium hydroxide or sodium bicarbonate can remove the hydrogen ions from them.

RCOOH + NaOH → RCOONa + H2O
Some examples of carboxylates include;

The Quarterback (1926 movie)

The Quarterback is a 1926 American comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Richard Dix, David Butler, Esther Ralston, Harry Beresford. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Norman Surplus

Norman Surplus (1963 – 18 April 2022) was a Northern Irish pilot. He traveled around the world in an autogyro, nicknamed "Roxy". His trip began in 2010 and ended on 28 June 2019. 

Surplus died on 18 April 2022.

Freeman Williams

Freeman Williams (May 15, 1956 – April 19, 2022) was an American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Los Angeles, California. His career lasted from 1978 until 1993. He played for the San Diego Clippers, Atlanta Hawks, Utah Jazz, Tampa Bay Thrillers, Washington Bullets and Miami Tropics.

Williams died on April 19, 2022 in Los Angeles at the age of 65.

Ian Brooks

Ian James Brooks (21 April 1928 – 20 April 2022) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party. He was born in Blenheim, New Zealand. Brooks was a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1970 until 1975.

Brooks died on 20 April 2022 at a hospital in Blenheim, one day before his 94th birthday.

Javier Lozano Barragán

Javier Lozano Barragán (; 26 January 1933 – 20 April 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic Cardinal. He was president of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers from 1997 to 2009. He was made a cardinal in 2003. He was auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Mexico from 1979 to 1984 and bishop of Zacatecas from 1984 to 1996. Lozano Barragán was born in Toluca, Mexico.

Lozano Barragán died on 20 April 2022 while being hospitalized in Rome, Italy for a bowel obstruction, aged 89.

J. D. Rymbai

J. Dringwell Rymbai (26 October 1934 – 21 April 2022), better known as J. D. Rymbai, was an Indian politician. He was a member of the United Democratic Party. He was in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly from 1983 until 1988 and again from 1993 until 2008. Rymbai was also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 2006 until 2007. Rymbai was born in Shillong, Meghalaya.

Rymbai died on 21 April 2022 in Shillong, aged 88.

Pat Schroeder

Patricia Nell Scott Schroeder (July 30, 1940 – March 13, 2023) was an American politician and writer. She represented Colorado in the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 1997. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Schroeder was the first female U.S. Representative elected in Colorado. She was born in Portland, Oregon. 

Schroeder unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988. 
On March 13, 2023, Schroeder died from complications of a stroke at a hospital in Celebration, Florida, at the age of 82.

Diana DeGette

Diana Louise DeGette (; born July 29, 1957) is an American lawyer and politician. She is the U.S. representative for since 1997. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

DeGette was a Chief Deputy Whip from 2005 to 2019 and is the dean of Colorado's congressional delegation.

She was the Colorado State Representative for the 6th district from 1993 until her election to the U.S. House.

DeGette was born in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan, the daughter of American parents. She graduated from Colorado College and New York University.

Jessica Cox

Jessica Cox (born 1983 in Arizona) is the first armless person to get a pilot's license. She is also the first armless black-belt in the American Taekwondo Association. She was born without arms due to a rare birth defect.

Debjani Chatterjee

Debjani Chatterjee is a Bengali film actress. 




Scinax fuscomarginatus

The brown-bordered snouted tree frog ("Scinax fuscomarginatus") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Brazil, Venezuela, Bolivia, Guyana, Suriname, and Paraguay.

Erwina Ryś-Ferens

Erwina Lilia Ryś-Ferens (née "Ryś"; 19 January 1955 – 20 April 2022) was a Polish speed skater and politician. She competed in four Winter Olympics from 1976 to 1988 in all distances from 500 m to 3000 m. She reached fifth place in 1980 (3000 m), in 1984 (1500 m) and in 1988 (3000 m). She won a silver and a bronze medal at the World Junior Speed Skating Championships in 1974 and 1975.

She unsuccessfully ran for the national and European Parliament in 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2009.

Ryś-Ferens was born in Elblag, Poland. She died on 20 April 2022, aged 67.

Gloria Gervitz

Gloria Gervitz (29 March 1943 – 20 April 2022) was a Mexican poet and translator. She was born in Mexico City, Mexico. Between August and September 1976, she began writing an organic poem, "Migraciones". She also translated the works of Ezra Pound in Spanish. 

In 2011, she received the PEN Mexico Prize for Literary Excellence. In 2019, Gervitz received the Pablo Neruda Ibero-American Poetry Award.

Gervitz died on 20 April 2022, aged 79.

St. Stephen's Basilica

St. Stephen's Basilica ( ) is a Roman Catholic basilica in Budapest, Hungary

János-hegy

János Hill () is the highest place in Budapest with a height of , it is in the western part of the city.

Theorbo

The theorbo is a musical instrument. It is a lute with a longer neck. It is played by plucking the strings with one hand. Another hand presses the strings. This changes the pitch. It has an extra set of bass strings. This gives the theorbo a bigger range of notes to play. It was used to play basso continuo parts in the baroque period. It was also played as a solo instrument.

Marie de' Medici

Marie de' Medici (, ; 26 April 1575 – 3 July 1642), was Queen of France and Navarre as the second wife of King Henry IV of France of the House of Bourbon, her regent was succeeded by her son Louis XIII of France. 

Something of Value

Something of Value is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Richard Brooks and was based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Robert Ruark. It starred Rock Hudson, Dana Wynter, Sidney Poitier, Wendy Hiller, Robert Beatty, Ivan Dixon, William Marshall, Walter Fitzgerald and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Prague 13

Prague 13 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague 14

Prague 14 () is a municipal district in Prague since 1994. It is located in the north-eastern part of the city, east of district Prague 9.

Prague 15

Prague 15 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague 16

Prague 16 () is a municipal district in Prague. It is located in the south-western part of the city.

Prague 17

Prague 17 () is a municipal district in Prague. It is located in the western part of the city.

Prague 18

Prague 18 () is a municipal district in Prague. It is located in the north-eastern part of the city.

Košíře

Košíře is a district of Prague, part of the municipal area Prague 5.

Camila Vallejo

Camila Antonia Amaranta Vallejo Dowling (; born 28 April 1988) is a Chilean communist politician, geographer and former student leader. She is the Minister General Secretariat of Government since 11 March 2022. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2014 until 2022.

She was president of the University of Chile Student Federation (FECh) and was the main spokesperson of the Confederation of Chilean Students (Confech).

Gladys Marín

Gladys del Carmen Marín Millie (; July 16, 1938 – March 6, 2005) was a Chilean activist and politician. She was Secretary-General of the Communist Party of Chile (PCCh) from 1994 until 2002 and then president of the PCCh until her death. She was a critic of General Augusto Pinochet and accused him of committing human rights violations during his seventeen-year dictatorship.

Marín died of brain cancer on March 6, 2005 in Santiago, Chile at the age of 66.

Kamen Rider Revice

Kamen Rider Revice is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" Series. Super Hero Time joined "Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger" and later, "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers".







Prague 19

Prague 19 () is a municipal district in Prague.

Prague 20

Prague 20 () is a municipal district ("městská část") in Prague.

Prague 21

Prague 21 () is municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague 22

Prague 22 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague Castle

Prague Castle (; ) is a castle complex in Prague, Czech Republic, built in the 9th century. It is the official office of the President of the Czech Republic. The castle was used by the kings of Bohemia, Holy Roman emperors, and presidents of Czechoslovakia.

Coat of arms of Prague

The coat of arms of the city of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic, has a lesser and a greater version.

Open Fortress

Open Fortress is free and easily configured mod for Valve's Team Fortress 2 created by over a hundred developers from the Team Fortress 2 community. It includes a new character, the Deathmatch mercenary, new and modified weapons, and over 50 maps. It also introduces the deathmatch game mode from Quake. Other additions include all the playable characters from Team Fortress Classic and the game mechanic of bunny hopping.
On September 10th, 2021, Open Fortress, along with the mod Team Fortress 2 Classic were removed for download due to an arrangement with Valve. By July 1st, 2022, both mods were once again available for download. 

Game modes in Open Fortress include deathmatch, Capture the Flag, and duel. In the deathmatch game mode, players move quickly around the map, trying to kill as many opponents as possible. Weapons and powerups are available around the map. The gameplay of deathmatch is based on Quake. In Capture the Flag, players attempt to bring the objective from the enemy base to their own while preventing the enemy from the doing the same. Variants of the game mode are played with the deathmatch mercenary, the mercenaries of Team Fortress 2, or both. Duel is a game mode where two players fight in an arena until a certain number of kills is achieved. This is similar to the unofficial game mode of MGE in the TF2. Other game modes include arena, where players do not respawn and each team attempts to wipe out the entire enemy team, and arsenal, where players face off against waves of computer-controlled enemies.

Běchovice

Běchovice () is a suburb of Prague, it is a municipal district in Prague 21. The suburb is located about 13 km east of the city centre.

Dancing House

The Dancing House () is the nickname of the Nationale-Nederlanden building on the Rašínovo nábřeží in Prague, Czech Republic. It was designed by the Croatian-Czech architect Vlado Milunić with architect Frank Gehry in 1992.

Óbuda

Óbuda () was a town in Hungary that became part of Buda and Pest on 17 November 1873. Óbuda is currently part of the District III-Óbuda-Békásmegyer of Budapest.

Pest, Hungary

Pest () is the eastern part of Budapest, Hungary. It is separated by the Danube River from Buda and Óbuda, the western parts of Budapest. Pest is famous for the Hungarian Parliament Building, Heroes' Square and Andrássy Avenue. 

Andrássy út

Andrássy Avenue () is a boulevard in Budapest, Hungary. It was recognised as a World Heritage Site in 2002.

Human rights in the Comoros

Historically, Comoros has had a relatively poor human rights record. In early 1979, Comorian authorities arrested some 300 supporters of the Soilih's regime and imprisoned them without trial in Moroni. Four of Soilih's former ministers also disappeared. For the next two years, there were further arrests, shootings, and disappearances. Under pressure from France, some trials were held but many Comorians remained political prisoners, despite protests from Amnesty International and other humanitarian organizations. As there are no recognition of legal rights for same-sex couples.

Human rights in Somalia

Both male and female same-sex sexual activity is illegal and could be punished by death.

On October 3, 2020, a UN human rights investigator raised concerns over Somali government's backtracking of human rights commitments. According to information collected by the investigator, Somali authorities were regressing on commitments to protect peoples’ economic, social and cultural rights.

Sue Ko Lee

Sue Ko Lee (March 9, 1920 – May 15, 1996) was a labor organizer with the Chinese Ladies’ Garment Workers’ Association. 

In 1938, she joined the longest strike in San Francisco’s Chinatown's (at the time) history. This strike was a fifteen week long strike against the National Dollar Stores factory. Lee and the other workers who striked were tired of the low wages and poor working conditions they were given. They did not have many job options to choose from, so were forced to take the work they could get at the National Dollar Stores factory. This was because many white owned businesses would not hire them due to the fact that they were Chinese American. She helped organize and lead the strike and delivered speeches. The Dollar Store Strike was successful, in part due to her efforts. The workers got a 5 percent raise, and the conditions in which they were working also started to improve. This strike directly impacted the workers at the National Dollar Stores factories. In addition, after the company closed, more companies, even those that were previously made up of only white people, were willing to hire Chinese Americans. After the strike, Lee also became a leader of the International Ladies’ Garment Workers’ Union. 

Lee was born in Honolulu, Hawaii on March 9, 1920. She moved to Watsonville, California, as a child. She was the oldest of ten children. At eighteen, she married Lee Jew Hing. He was an immigrant from China. He worked as a bookkeeper for National Dollar Stores, causing Lee to eventually work at the same factory. Sue Ko Lee and Lee Jew Hing had two children together. Lee saved all of her memories, documents, and items from the strike in a scrapbook, and participated in an interview before she died. The interview and scrapbook helped give much of the currently known information about the strike. Lee died in El Cerrito, California on May 15, 1996.

Human rights in Djibouti

The issue of Human rights in Djibouti is a matter of concern for several human rights organizations. Djibouti is a small African country. It is on the Horn of Africa, The US State Department Country Report on Human Rights Practices for 2019 said there were unlawful or arbitrary killings by government agents; arbitrary detention by government agents; harsh and life-threatening prison conditions; arbitrary or unlawful interference with privacy; unjustified arrests or prosecutions of journalists; criminal libel; substantial interference with the rights of peaceful assembly and freedom of association; significant acts of corruption; and violence against women and girls with inadequate government action for prosecution and accountability, including female genital mutilation/cutting. It states also that the government seldom takes steps to identify and punish officials who committed abuses, whether in the security services or elsewhere in the government. 

Female genital mutilation is common. Equality, however, has been making strides; over 50% of judges are now women. According to American advocacy group Freedom House, minority groups such as Yemenis and Afars are not being treated fairly.

Human rights in Eritrea

Human rights in Eritrea are viewed, as of the 2010s, by non-governmental organisations (NGOs) such as Human Rights Watch as among the worst in the world, particularly in regard to freedom of the press.

The Government of Eritrea has denied an appeal by the United Nations Human Rights Council's Universal Periodic Review process to legalize same-sex sexual activity. This was said to be "in direct contradiction with the values and traditions of the Eritrean people".

Pat Maginnis

Patricia Theresa "Pat" Maginnis (June 9, 1928 – August 30, 2021) was one of the earliest American abortion rights activists. Before "Roe v. Wade", Maginnis worked towards eliminating rules and regulations governing abortion providers. In addition, she focused on women's rights to control their own body. She shed light on the importance of providing women access to safe and legal abortion services. Maginnis worked to decriminalize terminating pregnancies, speaking out about her personal abortions. She was one of the first people to publicly argue that medical control over women's reproductive rights was destructive and unjust. 

Pat founded the Citizens Committee for Humane Abortion Laws promoting safe and legal abortions in San Francisco around 1962. Later renamed the Society for Humane Abortion (SHA), the committee worked to educate medical and legal personal while running a free post-abortion clinic. Additionally, the SHA ran an underground network helping women access abortions. Obtaining abortions was extremely hard to do as it was rare doctors granted exceptions for "therapeutic abortions." Maginnis and other activists would encourage and teach women seeking abortions how to fake these conditions (psychosis, excess vomiting, etc). She handed out leaflets on how a woman could terminate a pregnancy and taught ways to induce abortion at home. Pat was arrested several times as she often went against anti-abortion laws. 

Once the Supreme Court ruled that women had the constitutional right to abortions, Maginnis worked on other issues such as gay rights and animal welfare. She regularly protested the Catholic church and it's anti-abortion policies, demanding they take responsibility in cases of sexual abuse by priests. 

Elizabeth Martínez

Elizabeth "Betita" Martínez (December 12, 1925 – June 29, 2021) was a Chicana civil rights activist. 

Martínez fought alongside other women fighting for their voting rights. She was also a writer. In 1960, she joined the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) where she helped design a book on civil rights. She also reported on the Delano Grape Strike. Additionally, she participated in the Civil Rights movement, however, she felt lonely as she was a non-black woman. She decided to go home and help people of Mexican descent or heritage. It was in New Mexico that she founded a bilingual newspaper named "El Grito del Norte" which translates to "The Cry of the North." Another reason she moved to Mexico was to fight for land rights agreed upon in the "Treaty of Guadalupe." She lead protests and marches fighting for women's rights. She used her platform to better failing systems around her and helped raise awareness of the sexism and homophobia surrounding Latino culture. She reclaimed the term “Chicana” which was a derogatory term at the time. She did this to fight back against racist ideologies and norms. She worked to unite people that were black and brown and encouraged them to form alliances as they were the main minority populations in the United States. In her writings, she talked about how Chicana women were suppressed by Chicano men. Her writings often had themes of freedom and power for all people of color, specifically women. 

Loretta Ross

Loretta J. Ross (born August 16, 1953) is an activist, author and teacher who has taught at schools and led many activism organizations. 

Ross is a visiting professor and during her career has taught at Smith College, Arizona State University and Hampshire College. She has taught classes on topics such as White Supremacy, Human Rights and Calling In The Calling Out Culture. Ross has also written multiple books and has a book that is soon to be released, called Calling In The Calling Out Culture. At Smith College, Ross teaches a class on her ideas about calling in the calling out culture. Ross also talks about calling people in during her TED talk that she gave in 2021. In addition, Ross hosts a podcast, called “Dred Feminist with Loretta J. Ross”. Ross has worked at many human rights and activism organization, including the SisterSong Women Color Reproductive Justice Collective, the National Center for Human Rights Education and the National Black Women's Health Project.

Florynce Kennedy

Florynce Rae Kennedy (February 11, 1916 – December 21, 2000) was a Black activist and feminist who founded the Feminist Party, which in 1972, nominated Shirley Chisholm for President. 

She was one of the first Black women to graduate from Columbia University and she fought her way to get into Columbia Law and became one of the first Black women to graduate and become a lawyer. In the 1960’s and 1970’s, she led and participated in many protests including protesting at CBS headquarters, rallying against President Richard Nixon, protesting against abortion rights, and protesting at Harvard for a lack of women’s restrooms. In 1997 when she was 81 years old and after fighting many health issues, she continued on to fight a sexual harassment case against the National Urban League which was one of the biggest civil rights groups in the United States. Kennedy was a member of the National Organization of Women, or NOW. While she was a lawyer, she helped to end New York's strict abortion laws that were passed in the late 1960's. Kennedy was very engaged in protests, but she was also very influential in combining anti-racist protests as well as protests fighting sexism. She has helped protesters and activists in future generations to understand the combination of the ideas of anti-racism and women’s rights to fight for peace.

Mary McLeod Bethune

Mary McLeod Bethune (or Mary Jane McLeod Bethune; July 10, 1875 - May 18, 1955) was a black educator and civil and women's rights leader. 

The daughter of former slaves, Bethune believed that education was the key to racial advancement. She served as the president of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs and was the founder of the [https://ncnw.org/ <nowiki>National Council of [Black] Women</nowiki>]. She also founded the Daytona Educational and Industrial Training School for [Black] Girls, which later became Bethune-Cookman College. At Daytona Educational and Industrial Training School for [Black] Girls, she became the first African American woman to serve as a college president. She was a key organizer for the , which was an advisory board to President Franklin D. Roosevelt. In 1945, she was the only African American women to present at the opening of the United Nations, and won the Medal of Honor and . She merged 28 different organizations to help improve the lives of women and their children, and through her organizations she helped African American women into military roles through the Women's Army Corps during World War II.

Cecilia Chung

Cecilia Chung (; born 1965) is a transgender woman and civil rights activist for LGBTQIA+ rights and equality, healthcare for everyone, social justice, and HIV/AIDS treatment access and awareness. She is a founder of the annual Trans March held in San Francisco. She was the first Asian and first transgender President of the Board of Directors of San Francisco Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Pride Celebration Committee. Chung was also a test counselor and residential counselor for the UCSF AIDS Health Project. During her time there, she helped draw attention to transgender people and people living with HIV.

TrueVisions

TrueVisions is a television company in Thailand. It offers satellite and cable services. It started in 1998. It used to be called the United Broadcasting Corporation.

Transmedicalism

Transmedicalism is when people think that one needs gender dysphoria to be transgender. The people who think this are called transmedicalists. People who disagree with transmedicalists sometimes call them truscum or transmeds.

Some transmedicalists also do not agree with the idea of being non-binary.

Antonov Airlines

Antonov Airlines is the ’s subdivision that specializes in international cargo transportation.The airlines’ fleet includes one AN-225 Mriya, seven AN-124-100 Ruslans, one AN-22 Antei, two AN-12s one AN-26 and one AN-74T. Every year it carries hundreds of thousands of tons of unique cargoes, including those which can not be transported otherwise, to 800 airports across the world.

Old Town (Prague)

The Old Town of Prague () is an old settlement in Prague, the capital city of the Czech Republic. The old town is currently part of Prague 1.

Old Town Square

Old Town Square ( ) is a historic square in the Old Town quarter of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

Malá Strana

Malá Strana is a district of the city of Prague, Czech Republic, it is one of the city’s most historic neighbourhoods.

Wallenstein Palace

Wallenstein Palace () is a Baroque palace in Malá Strana, Prague. The palace currently houses the Senate of the Czech Republic.

Liboc

Liboc is a district of the city of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic. It is part of Prague 6, located near Divoká Šárka.

Divoká Šárka

Divoká Šárka () is a nature reserve in northwestern part of outer Prague, the capital city of the Czech Republic.

Black woodpecker

The black woodpecker ("Dryocopus martius") is a large woodpecker that lives in mature forests in parts of Eurasia. It does not migrate. 

Dryocopus

Dryocopus is a genus of large powerful woodpeckers, it is usually 35–45 cm in length. It has representatives in North and South America, Europe, and Asia. 

Katherine A. Flores

Katherine A. Flores (born 1953) is a American doctor of Mexican descent. She develops programs to train more Latin American doctors in the United States. She is a Professor of Family Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco School of Medicine. She helped start the National Hispanic Medical Association. Flores works to have more and better doctors serving the Latin American communities in California's Central Valley. She encourages students to pursue careers in medicine and education. The students she works with are not usually encouraged to get education or pursue these jobs. She founded the California Borders Health Education and Training Center (HETC) program, Partnerships for Health Professions Education (PHPE), and the Hispanic Centers of Excellence (HCOE), the California Health Professions Consortium, and the Latino Center for Medical Education and Research. The Latino Center for Medical Education and Research offer the Junior Doctors Academy and Doctors Academy. Both academies support middle and high school students as they get education and study for careers in medical fields. She received a James Irvine Foundation Leadership Award in 2010.

Flores' family moved from Mexico to the United States. They worked on farms. Flores was born in Fresno, California. Her mother died when she was an infant. She was raised by her grandparents. She worked with them in farm jobs from about age four to age 16. 

After earning admission and full scholarship to Stanford University, Flores found college a struggle. In particular, she missed her family and community. Flores says support from two classmates kept her in school. She also got involved with advocacy for Latin American farmworkers' rights, including marching with Cesar Chavez. She began working with Latin American organizations in California and the whole United States. She wanted to convince more Latin American people to become doctors. Then Flores decided to go to medical school. She decided that helping other students succeed would also be part of her life's work.

She married a professor of teacher education, Juan Flores. They have two children. 

Flores studied in Human Biology at Stanford University in 19701-1975. She graduated from University of California, Davis School of Medicine in 1979. After medical school, Flores returned to Fresno. She eventually started her own doctor's office there in 1983.

Flores serves a diverse population. Her medical practice works in English and Spanish. Her area has many Latin American people, but very few Latin American doctors or nurses. She leads several large medical education programs. To help fight against that problem. 

In 1984, Flores took on her roll as a professor at UCSF School of Medicine, Department of Family and Community Medicine. In 1996, she founded the Latino Center for Medical Education and Research at UCSF, and is still the director there in 2021. From 1993-1999 Flores was the assistant dean of the University of California, San Francisco Fresno Medical Education Program.

After attending the White House Health Care Reform Task Force meetings in 1993-1994, Flores was one of the ten Latin American participants who went on to found the National Hispanic Medical Association. She was one of the Association's Leadership Fellows in 1999, and went on to serve on the board of the organization, including serving as Secretary and later Chairwoman.

In 2013, California Governor Jerry Brown appointed Flores to the California Healthcare Workforce Policy Commission. 

Jessie Lopez De La Cruz

Jessie Lopez De La Cruz (Jesuita Lopez; 1919 – September 2, 2013) was a Chicano-American who worked with Dolores Huerta and Caesar Chavez to fight for farm worker rights. 

She was born in Anaheim, California, and started working on the farm at age 5. In 1932 she worked for the San Juan Capistrano to translate during a farm worker strike. She joined the National Farm Workers Association (later known as the United Farm workers) and was the first female recruiter and became one of the best. She participated in strikes and helped to ban the short-handed hoe, which led to back injuries of the farm workers. She also helped teach farm workers English. 

Jessie de la Cruz worked for the Fresno County Economic Opportunity Commission, the Central California Action Associates, and California's Commission on the Status of Women. While working for the United Farm Workers, she advocated for more women in leadership roles. She retired from the United Farm Workers in 1993 and began working in the California Rural Legal Assistance and a Catholic Charity. 

She continued to be a political activist until she died in 2013.

Jovita Idár

Jovita Idár Vivero (September 7, 1885 – June 15, 1946) was a Mexican American teacher, writer, and activist.  She fought for the right to education, the right for women to vote, and for the rights of Mexican-Americans.

She became a teacher in 1903 but quit to write for "La Crónica" (a newspaper owned by her father). In October, 1911 she founded "La Liga Feminil Mexicaista" (the League of Mexican Women). The League of Mexican Women allowed Mexican-American students get access to education. In 1914, she wrote an editorial in "El Progreso" (The Progress) newspaper which criticized the US army interfering in the Mexican Revolution.  She also wrote an editorial supporting women's suffrage. The Texas Rangers tried to shut the newspaper down, but when they came to "El Progreso"’s office, Jovita Idár stood in the doorway so they had to turn back. The officers shut it down the next day when she was not there.  However, she continued to use "La Crónica" to voice her opinions.  Eventually, she and her brothers took it over. For the rest of her life, she used the freedom of the press to keep arguing for civil rights.

Guitar Shorty

David William Kearney (September 8, 1934 – April 20, 2022), known as Guitar Shorty, was an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter. He was known for his guitar style. He was inspired by Jimi Hendrix and Buddy Guy. Guitar Shorty recorded and toured from the 1950s until the 2010s. 

Guitar Shorty died on April 20, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 87. 

Jacques Perrin

Jacques Perrin (born Jacques André Simonet; 13 July 1941 – 21 April 2022) was a French actor, producer and director. He was born in Paris, France. His career began in 1957. Perrin was known for his roles in "The Sleeping Car Murders" (1965) as Daniel and in "Z" (1969) as the Photojournalist. He also produced "Z" and "Black and White in Color" (1976) which won the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film.

Perrin died on 21 April 2022 in Paris, aged 80.

Amy Jacques Garvey

Amy Euphemia Jacques Garvey (31 December 1895 – 25 July 1973) was a journalist, feminist, and race activist.

In 1918, she started working in the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League (UNIA). and became Marcus Garvey’s personal secretary. She later became the office manager at U.N.I.A. headquarters in 1920. Two years later, in July 1922, Amy Jacques and Marcus Garvey married, following his divorce from Amy Ashwood. Jacques was dedicated to spreading information on the principles (principles - a basic law or truth on which action or behavior is based) and philosophies (philosophy - a way of thinking about the world, the universe, and society) of race and self-reliance (self-reliance - relying on your own abilities and resources instead of someone else's).

On June 21, 1922, her husband was convicted of mail fraud and sent to prison. During this time, Jacques took leadership of the U.N.I.A. and acted as his personal representative. She rallied (rallied - to call people together for a common effort) to his defense, made speeches to U.N.I.A. branches, and met with U.N.I.A. officers and public officials. Marcus Garvey had asked Jacques to edit two volumes of his Philosophy and Opinions and to distribute them to members of the United States Congress, so in 1923, Jacques published Volume One of "The Philosophy and Opinions of Marcus Garvey". Volume Two came out in 1925. She additionally became the associate editor of the U.N.I.A.’s newspaper and created a page called "“Our Women and What They Think."" This section had information on the status of women and profiles of black female leaders/historical figures. With these publications, she raised money for her husband’s legal defense. However, Marcus Garvey was deported (deported - to force someone who is not a citizen to leave the country) and had to go back to Jamaica. Jacques returned with him and their children, Marcus Garvey Jr. and Julius Garvey. She still continued to contribute to the U.N.I.A.’s newspaper, and wrote about her impressions of England, France, and Germany as she toured the countries with her husband.

After her husband’s death in 1940, she continued to fight for African independence and became a contributing editor to the "African", a black nationalist (nationalist - strongly identifying with their own nation) journal. She also started the African Study Circle of the World in Jamaica in the 1940s and published the book "Garvey and Garveyism" in 1963. Amy Jacques Garvey died on July 25, 1973 in Kingston, Jamaica, the same place where she was born.

Ericka Huggins

Ericka Huggins ( Jenkins; born January 5, 1948) is an African American activist. She was in the Black Panther Party. She was active in the Black Power Movement.

She is an activist, writer, and educator. She illustrated a book called "Insights & poems". Huggins was a former director of the Oakland Community School from 1973-1981. The Oakland Community school was founded by the leader of the Black Panther Party, Huey Newton. The Oakland Community School wanted to focus on quality education for Black and poor students. Huggins was the first woman and first Black person to be on the education board of Alameda County. Huggins worked on the Shanti Project which is a volunteer organization to help out create a better quality of life for people with terminal, life-threatening, or disabling conditions/illnesses. 

She also worked as a professor of Women and Gender Studies at San Francisco State University and California State University from 2003-2011. She was also a professor in Sociology and African American Studies from 2008 to 2015 at the  Peralta Community College District. After high school Ericka attended Cheyney University of Pennsylvania, then went to Lincoln University studying education.

Peggy Saika

Peggy Saika (b. 1945) is a Japanese-American activist. 

She was the executive director of Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders in Philanthropy. Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders in Philanthropy is a non-profit organization. They work to improve the lives of Asian American communities. Saika has done a lot of work in California. In 1988, Saika helped open a shelter in San Franciscocalled San Francisco's Asian Women’s Shelter. She was chairperson of the board of The California Wellness Foundation. In 1996, she  helped found NAPAWF (the National Asian Pacific American Women’s Forum) in Los Angeles.  Saika has also worked for many other organizations. She is the Interim CEO of Common Counsel. Common Counsel brings resources to social movements across the US. She was also the first executive director of the Asian American Environmental Network. From 1983-1991, she was the executive director of the Asian Law Caucus. Saika is also passionate about women's rights. She organized groups of female activists. She also worked at the Chinatown Health Center. In 2008 she won the LEAD (Leadership for Equity and Diversity) Award. Women & Philanthropy gave her the award. The award is given to people who work for groups that help women.

Ardeth Platte

Ardeth Platte, O.P., (10 April 1936 – 30 September 2020), was an American Dominican religious sister and anti-nuclear activist, and inspired a character named Sister Jane Ingalls (played by Beth Fowler) in the Netflix hit “Orange is the New Black.” She was admitted into the Michigan Women’s hall of fame in 1999. 

Platte is most famously known for breaching a nuclear missile site in Colorado with fellow Dominican nuns Sister Carol Gilbert and Sister Jackie Hudson. Snipping through the chain-link fence using bolt cutters, Platte and the other nuns poured blood out of a baby bottle in the shape of a cross on a nuclear silo to remember victims of war. They then unfurled a peace banner, reciting a prayer, “Oh God, help us to be peacemakers in this hostile world.” For these actions, Platte was sent to prison in Danbury, Connecticut, where she stayed for 41 months.

Esther Uranday

Esther Tarango Uranday (April 26, 1933 - December 18, 2017) was a Filipino American activist for the United Workers Front (UFW). She told Cesar Chavez that Filipino farm workers were striking against grape growers and helped get him involved in their work. She got more involved inthe UFW. Uranday managed the UFW and contracts. She helped build the UFW, and was a close friend of Helen Chavez. She traveled with Helen and Cesar Chavez to lead the National Boycott Tour, encouraging people to not eat grapes from certain growers. She also was an active and regular participant in picket lines (protests where the protestors try to stop people from getting into an area/place of work) at grape farms. 

Besides helping manage hiring for the union, Uranday protested every day. She would get up early to strike at the grape fields. The protestors picketed (formed a picket line) against the terrible treatment of the migrant workers. Most of them were workers themselves, who were on strike (refusing to work as a form of protest). They caught the attention of both newspapers and the grape companies. They lost their jobs. For many, they and their families barely scraped by. They made a picket line near the grape fields and yelled “¡Huelga!”, which means “Strike!” Police would come and arrest them. However, they didn't let the arrests ruin their day and sang and told jokes in jail.

Clara Lemlich

Clara Lemlich Shavelson (March 28, 1886 - July 12, 1982) was a Jewish, Ukrainian labor activist. She helped organize the shirtwaist workers strike called the "Uprising of 20,000." 

Clara Lemlich was born on March 28, 1886 in Gorodok, Ukraine. Lemlich’s parents were very religious Jews, which brought Clara into some tough situations later in life. In her early life Lemlich experienced many occurrences of Anti-Jew violence, as well as lack of education opportunities just because of her religion and gender. After being denied admission to a public school in Gorodok because she was Jewish, her parents banned her from reading, listening, or seeing anything Russian. Even though she had these restrictions, Lemlich continued to read these Russian books and continued to educate herself. 

As a child Lemlich experienced the many struggles of people living under the Russian Monarchy. Lemlich and her family fled Ukraine in 1903, and they worked very hard to find jobs and a new home. Many immigrants had a hard time finding jobs and having money, so many just joined the manufacturing workforce. Lemlich worked to make shirtwaists in unbelievable conditions with a very low wage. Shocked by this sexist environment, Lemlich joined the Uprising of 20,000 (also known as The New York shirtwaist strike of 1909), a strike against sexism in the workplace, horrible working conditions, unfair pay and hours, and much more. She continued to inspire many people, becoming a very important women's suffrage activist. 
In 1905, her family decided to move to The United States of America, specifically New York City. Lemlich decided she would be a passionate and fiery socialist with many opinions. Once in the states, Lemlich followed in the path of many other immigrants in need of work and joined a shirt and dress factory. Lemlich was very appalled by the horrid conditions of that factory and wrote about how the conditions for Men and Women were completely different, and the women were always given the worse option. She wrote about how the wage gap was insanely unfair, how the better work stations were given to men, and how the hours she worked and the amount she got paid were completely unfair. Lemlich decided to lead a strike, called The Uprising of 20,000 (or The New York shirtwaist strike of 1909) to strike against unbelievable unfair situations in the workplace. 

After this very well known strike, Lemlich became very well known. This led to many people having very mixed feelings about her. Although she did receive some hate because of her opinions, it never stopped Lemlich from doing what she believed was right. She continued being a socialist, and fought for many other important things, as well as helping to found and sustain the Wage Earner's League for Woman Suffrage. 
In 1913, Lemlich married printer's union activist Joe Shavelson, and proceeded to have 3 kids. In 1926, Lemlich joined the Communist Party USA, where she worked to create The United Council of Working Class Housewives, helping organize people and getting funding for many more strikes yet to come. Through the age of 58 Lemlich continued to speak at protests and strikes, about many topics including Women's Suffrage and Nuclear Weapons. 

After retiring from the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union (ILGWU), was awarded two honorary stipends by ILGWU president David Dubinsky. 

Byllye Avery

Byllye Yvonne Avery (born October 20, 1937) is an American health activist who centers her efforts on low income African American women. She builds through self-help groups and support networks. Avery is one of the co-founders of the Gainesville (Florida) Women's Health Center and Birthplace, and another birth center also in Gainesville. In 1983 she founded the National Black Women's Heath Project (NBWHP). The organization grew to reach over 22 states and six foreign countries. She made the first Center for Black Women's Wellness, and made the first documentary by African American women on their experiences on reproduction and sexuality. In 2008 she received to Ruth Bader Ginsburg Award for Pioneers in Women's Rights. In January 2009 she became a community host for the first expert-guided online health and wellness network, BeWell.com. 

Marii Hasegawa

Marii Kyogoku Hasegawa (September 17, 1918 to July 1, 2012) was a Japanese woman who was passionate about peace and justice. Hasegawa worked with an organization called the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom because she was significantly impacted by her experiences at the Japanese internment camp and the use of atomic bombs in Japan. 

Hasegawa was educated in California. She graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1938 and got a degree in home economics. 

At the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom organization, she was a national board member and the President of the organization from 1971 to 1975.A documentary about Marii's life first opened in 2012 called "Gentle Woman of a Dangerous Kind." She traveled to Tokyo in 1996 to receive the Niwano Peace Prize which is awarded to people who have contributed to world peace. 

Broncho Billy Anderson

Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson (born Maxwell Henry Aronson; March 21, 1880 – January 20, 1971) was an American actor, writer, director, and movie producer. He was the first star of the Western movie genre. He was a founder and star for Essanay studios. In 1958, he received an Honorary Academy Award.


Jack Rutherford (cricketer)

John Walter Rutherford (25 September 1929 – 21 April 2022) was an Australian cricketer. He played in one Test match in 1956. Rutherford was the first player from the Western Australia cricket team to be picked for a senior cricket tour and the first to win a Test cap for Australia. He was born in Bruce Rock, Western Australia.

Rutherford died on 21 April 2022, at the age of 92.

Renate Holm

Renate Holm (10 August 1931 – 21 April 2022) was a German-Austrian actress and operatic soprano. Holm was born in Berlin, Branderburg, Prussia, Germany. She performed with Vienna State Opera.

Holm died in Vienna, Austria on 21 April 2022 at age 90.


Anna Maria Alberghetti

Anna Maria Alberghetti (; born May 15, 1936) is an Italian-American actress and soprano. Her career began in 1942. She won a Tony Award in 1962 for her performance in "Carnival!". She appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" more than 50 times.

Alberghetti was born in Pesaro, Italy. She was married to Claudio Guzmán from 1964 until they divorced in 1974. They had two children.

Alberghetti was a child prodigy. At age six, she sang in a concert on the Isle of Rhodes with a 100-piece orchestra. She performed at Carnegie Hall in New York at the age of 13.

Alberghetti became a U.S. citizen in 1961. Her sister is singer Carla Alberghetti.

Carla Alberghetti

Carla Alberghetti (born 24 June 1939) is an Italian actress and soprano singer. Alberghetti made her singing debut at the Hollywood Bowl with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra in 1955. In 1960 she appeared in a touring production of the musical "Kismet". 

Alberghetti played Lili in "Carnival" from her older sister, Anna Maria Alberghetti. She made guest appearances on "The Ed Sullivan Show", "Tonight Starring Jack Paar" and "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".

Franklin Pangborn

Franklin Pangborn (January 23, 1889 – July 20, 1958) was an American comedic actor. He was known for his roles in "International House", "The Bank Dick", and "Never Give a Sucker an Even Break". He was secretly gay.

Egghead (DC Comics)

Egghead is a fictional character created for the 1960s "Batman" television series where he was played by Vincent Price. The character was known his pale bald head and white and yellow suit. He calls himself "the world's smartest criminal", and his crimes are usually related to eggs. He also includes egg-related puns in his speech. He also has egg-shaped weapons, such as laughing gas eggs and tear gas eggs.

Victor Buono

Victor Charles Buono (February 3, 1938January 1, 1982) was an American actor, comedian and recording artist. He was known for playing the villain King Tut in the television series "Batman" (1966–1968) and musician Edwin Flagg in "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (1962), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He was secretly gay.

Buono died on January 1, 1982 in Apple Valley, California of a heart attack, aged 43.

Jean de Sismondi

Jean Charles Léonard de Sismondi (also known as Jean Charles Leonard Simonde de Sismondi) (; 9 May 1773 – 25 June 1842), was a Swiss historian and political economist.

Sismondi is best known for his works on French and Italian history, and his economic ideas. His goals were to promote unemployment insurance, sickness benefits, a progressive tax, regulation of working hours, and a pension scheme. He was also the first to use the term "proletariat" to describe the working class created under capitalism. 

Scinax haddadorum

Scinax haddadorum is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scienitsts have only seen it in one place, in Mato Grosso.

Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein

Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein, known as the "Goethe Tischbein" (15 February 1751 in Haina – 26 February 1829 in Eutin), was a German painter. He was from the from the Tischbein family of artists.

After 1808, he worked for Grand Duke Peter I. He lived in Eutin until he died. His autobiography, "Aus meinem Leben", was not published until 1861. It has been not reissued since.


Benice (Prague)

Benice is a municipal district and cadastral area in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

World Games sports

The World Games sports are all of the sports that are played during The World Games.
Disciplines from the same sport have the same color.

These sports were played at previous World Games, but are not played anymore.


The following sports were part of The World Games in the past. However, they are now official events at the Olympics.


The Warrens of Virginia (1915 movie)

The Warrens of Virginia is a 1915 American Civil War drama movie directed by Cecil B. DeMille and is the first version of the 1907 play of the same name by William C. de Mille. It stars Blanche Sweet, James Neill, House Peters, Dick La Reno, Mildred Harris, Raymond Hatton, Mabel Van Buren and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax crospedospilus

The Campo Belo snouted tree frog ("Scinax crospedospilus") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains in Rio de Janiero, São Paulo, and Minas Gerias.

Regine Velasquez

Regina Encarnacion Ansong Velasquez ( ; born April 22, 1970) is a Filipino singer, actress, and record producer. She is seen as a cultural icon in the Philippines. She became known after winning the television talent show "Ang Bagong Kampeon" in 1984 and the Asia Pacific Singing Contest in 1989. 

Velasquez also appeared on television shows such as "Forever in My Heart" (2004), "Ako si Kim Samsoon" (2008), "Totoy Bato" (2009), "Diva" (2010), "I Heart You, Pare!" (2011), and "Poor Señorita" (2016). She was a judge on "StarStruck" (2015) and "Idol Philippines" (2019).

Regina Encarnacion Ansong Velasquez was born on April 22, 1970, in Manila.

Cynthia Plaster Caster

Cynthia Plaster Caster (born Cynthia Albritton, May 24, 1947 – April 21, 2022) was an American artist and "recovering groupie". She was known for creating plaster casts of famous persons' erect penises. In 2000 she added casting female artists' breasts. Albritton was born in Chicago. She was an unsuccessful candidate for Mayor of Chicago in the 2011 election.

Albritton died on April 21, 2022 from a long-illness in Chicago, aged 74.

4A Games

4A Games Limited is a Ukrainian-Maltese video game developer based in Sliema, Malta. The company was founded in Kyiv, Ukraine. The company is best known for making the "Metro" video game series.

Metro Exodus

Metro Exodus is a horror first-person shooter video game developed by 4A Games and published by Deep Silver.

Évora District

Évora District ( is located in Alentejo, in southern Portugal. The district capital is the city of Évora.

The district has 14 municipalities: 

Arraiolos

Arraiolos () is a municipality in Évora District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 7,363, in an area of 683.75 km.

2022 East Timorese presidential election

Presidential elections were held in East Timor on 19 March 2022. Incumbent Francisco Guterres is running for a second term. None of the presidential nominees gotten at least 50% of the votes, so a runoff election was held on 19 April 2022, between the top two candidates, José Ramos-Horta and Guterres. Ramos-Horta won the runoff with 62% of the total votes cast.

Fretilin

The Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor (, Fretilin) is a centre-left political party in East Timor. They hold 23 of 65 seats in the National Parliament.

Abdi Pasha the Albanian

Abdurrahman Abdi Pasha the Albanian (; 1616–1686) was an Ottoman politician and military leader of Albanian descent, he was the last governor of the province of Budin in Hungary.

Tori Tsui

Tori Tsui is a climate activist and mental health lawyer. She is from Hong Kong. She lives in Bristol in England.

Tsui was born and grew in Hongkong.

She completed her graduation in 2015 as Master of Research in Ecology, Evolution and Conservation at Imperial College London. It built the foundation of Climate Science and its sustainability. One year after her graduation, Tsui moved to Bristol. She learned about natural history documentary industry.

Tsui's participation as a part of extinction rebellion was for making short movies. The movies are about how climate change affects particular species. The movies are made for Extinction Rebellion's social media. This led her to be called by creative director of Stella McCartney to be part of their campaign. In April 2019, two girls from the campaign's team met her in Extinction Rebellion's event in London. She was interviewed by them about her involvement in Climate activism. She became a part of the advertising campaign named ‘Agents of Change’ as one of activist. Examples include Jane Goddall, Deya Ward and Ruby Munslow. The campaigns are also accompanied by models like Amber Valletta, Chu Wong, Trinity Hill and Chloe Pearson.

Her connection with McCartney doesn't end there as Mccartney also helped Tsui in a project called "Sail To The COP". It was a think tank approach to 36 European ethnicities to sail through Atlantic Ocean. The purpose was to attend "2019 United Nations Climate Change Conference" in Santiago, Chile. 

List of minor planets: 182001–183000


Attje Kuiken

Attje Harma Kuiken (born 27 October 1977) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).

Kuiken was born in Groningen and worked at the Ministry of Internal Affairs. She has been an MP since 30 November 2006 (except from January to May 2010). She succeeded Lilianne Ploumen as parliamentary group leader on 22 April 2022.


Sophia Li

Sophia Li is a Chinese-American journalist, movie director and enviromental lawyer. She lives in Brooklyn and Upstate New York. 

Sophia Li was born in Minnesota, United States. She lived in province of Shandong, China for two years. After that, she came to Minnesota before her pre-school. She completed her graduation in 2013 from Virginia Commonwealth University with a Bachelor of Arts. She graduated from the Department of Fashion Design and Merchandising. 

She works as an "entertainment media editor" in for 4 years until 2017. After that, she went to freelance. She became a co-founder of a television show on climate change named "All of the Above". Her business partner was Céline Semaan Vernon. Their show was aired on YouTube and its respective website. They met in an event of HER. Li became a co-host with Babba Riveira and Semaan as the guest. At the same time, Li was also invited to become a board member of Slow Factory Foundation. Besides being a member of Slow Factory, Li was also a board member of Better Shelter. 

She also hosted a podcast called "Climate talks" in Meta Platforms.

Li was named as one of the 16 climate influencers to watch in 2022 by "Harvard Medical School Center for Health and the Global Environment". It was partnered with Pique Action.

Ridhima Pandey

Ridhima Pandey is an Indian environmental activist from India. She works for actions against climate change. She has been favoured to Greta Thunberg. During the age of 9 years, she filed against the Indian Government a case for not taking enough steps to fight for climate changes. She was also one of the people who complained cases to the United Nations. She is one of the several young climate activists. She stands against several nations' failure to take actions against the climate crisis.

Pandey lives in Haridwar, Uttarakhand. Her father is Dinesh Pandey. Her father works in Wildlife Trust India. Her father is also a climate activist and has worked in Uttarakhand in this capacity for 16 years. Her mother is Vinita Pandey. Her mother works for Forest Department of Uttarakhand.

Her interest in climate change started when her home has been affected by severe weather over the past three years. In 2013, over 1000 people died in cause of "2013 North India floods" and landslides. These also made her fell interested in these topics. Almost 100, 000 people had to be taken out from the disaster region. According to the World Bank, climate change is likely to increase pressure on the water supply in India.

At age of nine, Pandey filed a case against the Indian Government. Her case was based on the lack of the steps taken against climate change. Such steps had been agreed in the Paris Agreement. This court case was presented in the (NGT). Pandey also asked the Government to prepare a plan to reduce carbon emissions. She also asked about a nationwide plan to control the impacts of climate change.

In an interview with , Pandey said:“My Government has failed to take steps to regulate and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which are causing extreme climate conditions. This will impact both me and future generations. My country has huge potential to reduce the use of fossil fuels, and because of the Government's inaction I approached the National Green Tribunal.”

The NGT rejected her request. They said stating that it was "covered under the environment agreement assessment".

During her application for a Norwegian visa to go to , she heard about an organization for young climate activists. She went to the organization. She was selected to go to New York City for the . During the summit, on 23 September 2019, Pandey with 15 other children, complained to the . She accused Argentina, Brazil, Germany, France and Turkey for violating the "Convention on the Rights of the Child". It was because the said countries failed to explain the climate problems sufficiently.

Pandey was listed in the BBC's announced on 23 November 2020. She was also given the in 16 December 2021 in New Delhi.

Splatoon 3

Splatoon 3 is a 2022 shooter game. It was developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. It has many returning elements from the previous games in the series, "Splatoon" and "Splatoon 2". It was released on September 9, 2022.

ABC islands (Leeward Antilles)

The ABC islands is the island group of Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao in the Caribbean Sea.

Marinel Sumook Ubaldo

Marinel Sumook Ubaldo is a Filipinos climate activist from the Philippines. She helps to organise the first in her country. She proves as a community witness for the Philippines . It was done as a part of her checking on the responsibly helping each other of people. Besides, she was also checking whether the effects of climate change can be considered violations of Filipinos’ human rights or not.

Ubaldo stands against the usage of the single-use plastics, the reduction of carbon emissions and in renewable energy.

In 2015, Ubaldo spoke at the . In the meeting, she said, ‘"please think about us, think about the coming generations who will suffer because you did not make decisions in time"'. Ubaldo said that fighting climate change was the ‘purpose of her life’. At the same year, she was also shown in a documentary movie directed by Christoph Schwaiger. The movie was named "Girl and Typhoons".

In October 2019, Ubaldo participated in a climate leadership training event in Yokohama, Japan. The event was established by Al Gore. She also spoke at various Japanese universities.

In one of the occasions, Ubaldo said:First World countries… [could] stop fueling climate change, and change business practices so your carbon emission could be lessened…These countries should be responsible and be held accountable. It’s so unfair for people, for nations like the Philippines, to suffer from a phenomenon that we haven’t caused.

Ubaldo says that fossil fuel companies should not be allowed to do whatever they want in name of climate change. She sahd that she was an optimistic person. Her strategies were to stand for the effects of climate change that can be developed.

Presently, she is working as an Advocacy Officer for Ecological Justice and Youth Engagement in Living Laudato Si’ Philippines. 


Kaossara Sani

Kaossara Sani is a Togolese environmentalist, writer and sociologist. She lives in Lomé, Togo. She founded the "Africa Optimism". She is the co-founder as well as the Executive Director of the "Act on Sahel Movement".

Kaossara Sani was born in Burkina Faso. Later, she came to Togo at the age of 9 years. She grew up in Lomé. She lives with her mother and two brothers.

She founded the Africa Optimism. It is a movement that publicises the solution of climate and environmental problems with education. She is also a co-founder of "Act On Sahel Movement". It raises money to pay for seeds and fertilizer for farmers in the Sahel region of Africa. It also raises money to buy cleaning products and provide clean water and renewable energy to people.

Her works were further recognised when she sent a manifesto to the . In the document, she said that the cost for traveling to Glasgow would be better used to build a borehole to provide clean water to the people of Togo. In her statement, she also reminds the rich countries of their "broken promise" to provide $100 billion annually in climate finance for developing countries till the end of 2020. It should be continued to 2025 from 2015. She also requested the rich countries to give climate finance to the 46 least developed countries. She also requested them to invest in weather and climate change research by building weather stations.

M-105 (Michigan highway)

M-105 was the name of a state trunkline highway inside The Thumb in the US state of Michigan. It connected M-53 in Popple and M-83 near Elkton. M-83 is now known as M-142. The name was used in the 1920s and 1930s, and it has not been used since.

M-105 started at an intersection with M-53 (Van Dyke Road) in the community of Popple, just before M-53 curved east towards Bad Axe. M-105 was known as Pinnebog Road. The trunkline traveled north and then northwest, and crossed the Pinnebog River. After intersecting Stein Road, M-105 turned north for about through farm country and rural areas before meeting M-83 (Pigeon Road), a few miles east of Elkton. The highway was used as a shortcut between M-53 and M-83.

The M-105 first appeared on maps in 1928. The highway was decommissioned in 1939 when it was changed back to local control. The name has not been used since.


Nafesha Richardson

Nafesha Veronica Richardson is the founder of Spark SVG. She is a youth rights defender from . She is a member of the Commonwealth Youth Gender and Equality Network (CYGEN), a Youth Champion of the Escazú Agreement. She is also a volunteer at the Girl Guides Association.

At the age of 7, Nafesha Richardson joined the St. Vincent and the Grenadines Girl Guides Association willingly to learn and fight for the social and domestic issues. Those issues were affecting the people of . Those issues are mostly domestic and sexual violences. In May 2019, at the age of 22, Nafesha founded the "Spark " (Spark SVG). With this, she aimed to inspire, empower and motivate young people in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines to improve positive changes in the society. She attended Commonwealth Banquet in the year 2020.

She attended "Youth4Climate: Driving Ambition" held in Milan, Italy. In the event, she was a representative from on the 28th-30th of September 2021. It was a Pre-COP event organized by , Connect4Climate and , launched on June 2020. Presently, she is an active ambassador for "One Young World".

Camillo Astalli

Camillo Astalli (21 October 1616 – 21 December 1663) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal of Pope Innocent X who was the Cardinal Priest of San Pietro in Montorio from 1653 to 1662.

Anita Soina

Anita Soina is a Kenyan environmental lawyer. She is from the Maasai community. She wrote "The Green War". She founded the Spice Warriors. It is a group that stands for climate change in Kenya.

In 2018, Soina founded the Spice Warriors. It was under the mentorship of Eric Mastsanza. It was an environmental initiative group in Nairobi. It stands for environmental sustainability in Kenya. She also attended "2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference" in November 2021. In the event, she gave her opinion about her country's National Drought emergency and flood in .

Soina joined (UDA) as her first party. She contested on Member of Parliament position. She represented North Kajiado, Kenya in the 13th Parliament of Kenya. Later, on 24 March 2022, she left UDA to join "Green Thinking Action Party" (GTAP). She represented the same position. She moved to GTAP because the party decided to remove nomination fee for women aspirant who join the election in the party.



Xenoblade Chronicles

Xenoblade Chronicles is a series of role-playing games developed by Monolith-Soft and published by Nintendo. There are 4 entries in the series. 

Xenoblade Chronicles (video game)

Xenoblade Chronicles is a 2010 role-playing game developed by Monolith-Soft, and published by Nintendo.

Ayisha Siddiqa

Ayisha Siddiqa is a Pakistani environmentalist. She is from Coney Island, New York City. She is the co-founder of "Fossil Free University" and "PollutersOut!".

Siddiqa started her works when she founded university's branch in May 2019. The organization was doing a strike on the 7th of October 2019 at Lower Manhattan, New York City. The strike was willingly joined by 300,000 people. One of her notable actions was that she doused fake blood on the "Charging Bull" in Wall Street.

In response to the "2019 United Nations Climate Change Conference", she founded "Polluters Out" with Isabella Fallahi and Helena Gualinga. The organization was created because they had realised that fossil fuel industries are playing a big part in the issues. The fossil fuel companies who funded in the event include Endesa, Iberdrola, Banco Santander and Acciona. One of the companies which was affected by this decision was . 

Milka Chepkorir

Milka Chepkorir is an anthropologist, climate and human right activist. Her activism was further known when she represented for living around the . She stood to protect their rights from being forcefully expelled by Kenya Forest Service (KFS).

Her activism started from her high school life. She was widely known only when she became one of fellows for "UN Human Rights Office Indigenous Fellowship Programme" in the year 2016.

Through this fellowship, she attended the 16th in New York. In the event, she reported about the lack of regulations on by the UN. She represented the Forest People's Programme, Natural Justice and 20 other organisations. She also highlighted about the violation of KFS by burning 90 homes of Sengwer people. It started when European Union and World bank started funding them.
Currently, she is working as a Coordinator of "Community Land Action NOW!" (CLAN). She is also working as a Coordinator for "Defending Territories of Life". Besides these, she is also an advisor for Agroecology fund.

Locke &amp; Key

Locke & Key is an American fantasy horror drama television series ,based on the Locke & Key comic-book series by Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodríguez. It was released on Netflix on February 7, 2020. The series stars Darby Stanchfield, Connor Jessup, Emilia Jones, Jackson Robert Scott, Laysla De Oliveira, Petrice Jones, and Griffin Gluck.

In March 2020, Netflix announced that the series had been renewed for a second season which premiered on October 22, 2021. In December 2020, the series was renewed for a third season which is set to be released in 2022.

François de Vendôme, duc de Beaufort

François de Bourbon, Duke of Beaufort (16 January 1616 – 25 June 1669) was the son of César, Duke of Vendôme, and Françoise de Lorraine.

Monika Sadkowska

Monika Emilia Sadkowska is a Polish climate activist, culture expert and actress. She is also a Coordinator of Secretariat for "Forum of Mayors for Just Transition". It is a project from of Poland. She is the co-organizer of "Climate Camp" in Świętno.

Her activism started when she knew about "Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement" with "Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership". She was also influenced by "The geopolitics of Hunger book" by Jean Ziegler. 

She is also a co-organizer of first in Poland. It happened in July 2018 on . The event was joined by around 400 people. She also created "Climate Choir" in 2020 with Aleksandra Gryka. The Climate Choir has organized a meeting on the 18 September 2020.

Before becoming an activist, Sadkowska was a vocalist for Żywiołak from 2008 to 2011. Monika was replaced by Izabella Byra on 2008. It was when she was on "maternity leave". Currently, she is working in "WWF Poland" as a coordinator of "Secretariat of the Forum of Mayors for Just Transition". "Forum of Mayors for Just Transition" is a place where mayors exchange information and experience about the process of their town. The process was for leaving coal as a source of energy.

Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

Ferdinand I (; 10 March 1503 – 25 July 1564) was Holy Roman Emperor from 1556, King of Bohemia, Hungary, and Croatia from 1526, and Archduke of Austria from 1521 to 1564. 

Royal Garden of Prague Castle

The Royal Garden () is an Italian Renaissance garden in Prague Castle. It was created in 1534 based on the project by Emperor Ferdinand I of Habsburg.

St. Vitus Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saints Vitus, Wenceslaus and Adalbert () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

Tishiko King

Tishiko King is a campaign director in the . She took part in the "2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference" (COP26) in Glasgow. She also represented the Torres Strait island organization named "Our Islands Our Home". She is originally from Yorke Island in the Torres Strait Islands of Australia.

King studied ocean science at "Griffith University" in South East Queensland. It was possible with the financial help from . It was the Australian agency responsible for scientific research. She then worked as an indigenous communication officer with a bauxite mining company in Weipa, on the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland. She then became the campaign director at "Seed Indigenous Youth Climate Network". She also works as a volunteer impact coordinator with "Environmental Film Festival Australia". She is also a community organizer for "Our Islands, Our Home".

King represented "Seed Indigenous Youth Climate Network" and "Our Islands, Our Home" at the COP26 meeting in Glasgow in November 2021. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, she was one of relatively few Australians to participate in the event. She first got awareness of the impact of climate change when she saw the impact of sea erosion on the graveyard of her ancestors on Masig Island. There was a picking up of their bones for reburial. There was also disappearance of the fishes from traditional fishing grounds. She declared the federal government of Australia as unfit. It was because of the failure to make indigenous people reach net zero emissions by 2050.

Mokry Dwór, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mokry Dwór (; ) is a village. It is in the district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański in Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It is about north-east of Pruszcz Gdański. It is south-east of Gdańsk, the regional capital.

The village has a population of 218.


Nicole Becker

Nicole "Nicki" Becker is a climate activist from Argentina. She is one of the founders from Jóvenes por el Clima, which is a part of 's movement. She became youth champion for . She is also a "Sanitation and Water for All" (SWA) champion in the year 2021.

Right from the age of 8 years, she joined "Habonim Dror" and also a part of "Ni una menos". Her enviromental activism started during February of 2019. It was when she saw a video on Instagram of young people doing climate march in Europe. "Cause of the first International March for the Climate Crisis" was held on 15th of March, 2019. On the day, Becker, and other friends founded Jóvenes por el Clima. It is a part of on the end of February of 2019. After that, they arranged the march on Argentina. It was joined by 5,000 people. The organisation was pushing Argentinan authorities to do "Climate and Ecological Emergency Declaration". The government finally declared on the 17th of July, 2019. In 2019, she received a grant to attend the UN Climate Conference in Madrid on behalf of the Argentine youth. She represented as a part of "UnaSolaGeneración campaign" on by UNICEF and America Solidaria. She promoted climate change to youth around Latin America and the Caribbean during COVID-19 pandemic. 

On 10 March 2020, the honored her a special distinction because of her contributions to social actions. She was given a diploma and a medal with 21 other women.

Bohnice

Bohnice () is a district in the north of Prague, capital of the Czech Republic. It is located in Prague 8, about 5 km north of city centre. 

Třebonice

Třebonice is a district of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic. It is part of the "Prague 5" administrative district, and the local government districts of "Prague 13" and "Prague 17". 

The area is 4.58 km, the population is 461 and the population density is 101 inhabitants / km.

House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

The House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha is a term used to describe the royal house of the Kingdom of Portugal until the declaration of the republic in 1910. Its name came from King Ferdinand II of Portugal (House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry) and Queen Maria II of Portugal (House of Braganza).

Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim

Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim is a Chadian environmental activist and geographer. She is the Coordinator of the "Association of Peul Women and Autochthonous Peoples of Chad" (AFPAT). She served as the co-director of the "World Indigenous Peoples’ Initiative and Pavilion" at COP21, COP22 and COP23.

Ibrahim is working on behalf of her people, the Mbororo in Chad. She was educated in Chad's capital city of N'Djamena. She spent her holidays with the indigenous Mbororo people. These people are traditionally nomadic farmers, herding and tending cattle. During her educational courses, she got aware of the discrimination against an indigenous woman. She discovered that her Mbororo people were excluded from the educational opportunities. In 1999, she founded the "Association of Indigenous Peul Women and Peoples of Chad" (AFPAT). It was a community-based organization. It promoted the rights of girls and women in the Mbororo community. It inspired leadership and works in environmental protection. The organization received its operating permission in 2005. Since then, it participated in international negotiations on climate, sustainable development, biodiversity and environmental protection.

LAMP (software bundle)

LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP/Perl/Python) is an acronym that was used for one of the most common software stacks for many of the web's most popular web applications. As of 2022, LAMP refers to a generic software stack. The software used to make up the group is largely interchangeable.

House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry

The House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry is the Catholic cadet branch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Some of its descendants were the last four kings of Portugal (Pedro V, Luís I, Carlos I, Manuel II) and the last three Tsars of Bulgaria (Ferdinand I, Boris III, Simeon II). 

Sara Cognuck

Sara Cognuck González is a Costa Rican climate activist.
Growing up in the middle of the forests in Peñas Blancas in the Esparza canton, Cognuck developed a connection with nature. This prompted her to work for conservation and sustainable management. She is a natural resource manager, specialising in coastal marine management. For example, she has merged her profession with her activism and has been an activist since she was 16 years old.

Cognuck is a co-founder of "Red de Juventudes y Cambio Climático de Costa Rica" ("Network of Youth and Climate Change of Costa Rica"). She was a youth representative for Costa Rica at the "Asamblea Nacional de la Persona Joven". She was also a member of the Board of Directors of the "Consejo de la Persona Joven" (Youth Council). She led environmental and climate action efforts.

In 2019, Cognuck hosted the first youth event in a PreCOP. She was a part of the team presenting the "Declaratoria Intergubernamental de Juventudes, Niñez y Cambio Climático" (Intergovernmental Declaration on Youth, Children and Climate Change) at COP25. On 3 November 2020, she was one of the speakers at "TEDx PuraVidaJoven2020".

Sunishma Singh

Sunishma Singh is a Fijinese climate activist and influencer.
She was 19-year-old when she was financially helped by "Miss Cal Valley Solar". She participated in the Hibiscus Festival. She credited the festival for giving her the knowledge and skills in managing her time wisely.

Singh is from Nadroga-Navosa. She studied in the University of the South Pacific (USP). She got a Bachelor of Science in Geospatial Information Systems in 2018. She got a postgraduate degree in Climate Change in 2020.

In 2015, she worked for the use of renewable energy to reduce the impact of climate change on the economy. It was also done at the Hibiscus Festival in Suva. Singh has been a Resilience Officer for the "UN-Habitat" (United Nations Human Settlements Program) since 2019. "UN-Habitat" is working in Fiji with the "Accelerator Lab Pacific" to find solutions for the 13 informal settlements in the central and western parts of Fiji (in the municipality of Lami, Sigatoka, Nadi and Lautoka). Its purpose is to develop systems and ways to deal with with food and income for the local population living there. 

Singh served as a youth environmental activist for Fiji at COP25 in Madrid in 2019. In March 2021, she was one of the speakers at the 7th Asia-Pacific Adaptation Forum (APAN).

Prague Zoo

Prague Zoological Garden (Czech: "Zoologická zahrada hl. m. Prahy") is a zoo in Prague, Czech Republic. In 2013, the zoo have with used for exhibits, the zoo have around 5,000 animals from 676 species.

Lucy Hicks Anderson

Lucy Hicks Anderson (1886–1954) was an African-American transgender woman. 
She was born in Waddy, Kentucky. The doctor said she was a boy. As a child, she insisted on wearing dresses to school. Her mother took her to the doctor, the doctor suggested letting Lucy live as a girl. She changed her name to Lucy at 15, and moved away from home. She married Clarence Hicks in 1920, and she divorced him in 1929. She was a chef and a nanny. She hosted fancy parties, and won awards for her cooking. She married Reuben Anderson in 1944, and lived in Oxnard, California. She saved enough money to start a brothel and speakeasy. In 1945 an outbreak of disease was connected to her establishment. All of the people working there had to be examined by a doctor. It was discovered that Lucy was born male. Her husband Reuben Anderson and her were tried for fraud on their marriage license. Lucy had gotten money because of her marriage to a soldier which was also deemed fraud. She was one of the first African-American transgender people to defend her identity in court, she said, “I defy any doctor in the world to prove that I am not a woman. I have lived, dressed, and acted just what I am—a woman.” Lucy and her husband were put on 10 years of probation. She was not allowed to wear anything that was feminine, and her family was banned from Oxnard for 10 years. She moved with her husband to Los Angeles, where she lived until her death in 1954.

Barbara Dane

Barbara Dane (born Barbara Jean Spillman; May 12, 1927) is an American singer. She is known for being a fighter of civil rights, and her opposition against the Vietnam War and discrimination. 

She started her singing career in jazz and blues. Dane later moved activism. She preformed at anti-war protests and marches as well as every big peace demonstration in Washington. As Barbara gained recognition she got invited onto TV shows, and opened her own clubs. In 1966, Barbara Dane became the first U.S. musician to tour post-revolutionary Cuba. She received a cultural honor in Cuba, Barbara was made an honorary member of the Union of Cuban Writers and Artists. In 1969 Barbara Jean and her husband founded Paredon Records, which is a label that was made to publish records of cultural expression, and protests as a way to preserve them. From 1970 to 1985 Dane released 50 albums that documented protest music from around the world. Paredon's music reflects civil rights, women's rights and anti-colonial movements. Barbara believed that if she saw something wrong in the world, the best thing to do was to speak up, and her way of doing that is singing in protest.

Rose Schneiderman

Rose Schneiderman (April 6, 1882 - August 11, 1972) was the president of the New York Women’s Trade League from 1917 to 1949. She was also the president of the National Women’s Trade Union League (WTUL) from 1926 through 1950. She was the first-ever woman elected into a labor union in national office. 

She changed the American labor system and improved the lives of many American workers. In 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt put her on the National Labor Advisory Board. She was the only woman on the National Labor Advisory Board. She fought to include domestic workers in social security and for equal pay for female workers. Also, from 1937 to 1943 she was secretary of the New York State Department of Labor. Also, throughout the 1930s and 1940s, she worked to help Jewish refugees escape Europe during the Holocaust. Specifically, she helped relocate Jews to the United States and Palestine. Before becoming president of the New York Women’s Trade League, she was a full-time organizer for the league. She worked in the garments industry. In 1949, she began to spend time writing memoirs and speaking on radio shows. 

Schneiderman was born on April 6, 1882, in Saven, Poland. In 1990, she moved to New York City with her family, and lived on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Her parents valued education, and she knew Yiddish, English, Hebrew, and Russian. Her father died at an early age, so she left school to support her family. She first worked at a department store, then found better paying work at a garment factory.

In the later 1930's through the 1940's, Schneiderman worked to became very involved in moving European Jews to both Palestine and the United States. This worked was praised by Albert Einstein, and he is quoted saying,It must be a source of deep gratification to you to be making so important a contribution to rescuing our persecuted fellow Jews from their calamitous peril and leading them toward a better future. - Albert Einstein, 1939

The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire caused an outburst of anger from labor activists demanding safer work environments and better safety requirements for workplaces. In the aftermath of the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, in which 146 workers died trapped in the burning building, Schneiderman presented a speechI would be a traitor to these poor burned bodies if I came here to talk good fellowship. We have tried you good people of the public - and we have found you wanting...This is not the first time girls have been burned alive in the city. Every week I must learn of the untimely death of one of my sister workers. Every year thousands of us are maimed. The life of men and women is so cheap and property is so sacred. There are so many of us for one job it matters little if 143 of us are burned to death. - Rose Schneiderman, 1909This further strengthened her role as an activist for women's labor unions.

Schneiderman helped start the in 1911, then later toured in Ohio during 1912 during the 1912 Ohio women's suffrage vote. She also participated in a tour sponsored by the National Woman Suffrage Association. In 1917, after lots of work from Schneiderman and other suffragettes, the right to vote was given to New York Women. Her campaign and activism during World War I to stop the New York state assembly from suspending labor laws that protected women caused conservative members of the state legislature to dislike her. She was called “the Red Rose of Anarchy” by many of those conservative members.

Schneiderman became friends with Eleanor Roosevelt through the New York Women's Trade Union League. She often came over to dinner with the Roosevelts, and helped Roosevelt connect to the working class. Schneiderman helped Franklin Delano Roosevelt come up with labor laws.

The woman worker needs bread, but she needs roses too - Rose Schneiderman, 1911This quote became a representation of what Schneiderman worked for her whole career. She worked tirelessly for basic human rights, like living wages, better hours of work, and better working conditions. Roses represented the extra, but still very important things she worked for in her life. Roses would include schools, more job opportunities, enjoyment of the arts, and exercise facilities.

The phrase also became the name and lyrics of a song written by John Oppenheim and Farina Mimi, performed by Judy Collins and John Dever, among other artists.

Norma Meras Swenson

Norma Meras Swenson (born 1932 as Norma Meras) is an expert on health for mothers and children. She started the organization Our Bodies, Ourselves (OBOS) along with thirteen other women. It which aims to educate women about women's health including, birth control, contraceptives, and reproductive and sexual health. Swenson co-authored the organization's book "Our Bodies, Ourselves" and currently serves as the chair for their Latina Health Initiative Committee. In this position, she works with female rights activists to help solve Puerto Rico's humanitarian crisis (an event that puts many people in danger) and with groups and individual Latina people who have needed to leave their homelands. Swenson also helped lead three women-led acts: maternity care, feminist health and sexuality, and global health and human rights. During the United Nations' World Conferences on Women, Swenson was a representative for OBOS. She helped shape and create the information about reproductive and sexual health that is accessible today. 

Norma Meras Swenson went to the Boston Girls' Latin Day School and graduated in the Tufts University class of 1953.

Before joining Our Bodies Ourselves (formerly called the Boston Women's Health Collective), Swenson served as the president of the International Childbirth Education Association. She is the tenth founder of OBOS. In 1970 they published a booklet called "Women and Their Bodies," which Swenson co-authored. A year later, it was republished as a book, "Our Bodies, Ourselves". For over twenty years, Swenson worked at at Harvard's T.H. Chan School of Public Health. She taught medical students about issues involving women's health and reproductive rights as well as gender. Swenson is a board member of Refugee Place, an organization located at the center of the Ebola outbreak in Liberia. The organization helps with care for mothers and children. She also co-taught the Graduate Consortium in Women's Studies at MIT.


Swenson co-authored "Women and Their Bodies" (later "Our Bodies, Ourselves") along with the other founding members of the Boston Women's Health Collective. 

Miné Okubo

Miné Okubo (June 27, 1912 – February 10, 2001) was an American artist during World War II. She drew over one thousand sketches of her time in the Japanese American internment camps. Many were turned into formal paintings and went on to win many prizes. Her sketches and artworks gave a lot of information about what is was like in the internment camps.

In 1912, Miné Okubo was born in 1912 in Riverside, California. Her parents were both Japanese immigrants who had entered the United States twelve years before. They worked in the St. Louis Exposition of Arts and Crafts; Okubo's mother being a calligrapher and her father was a scholar. Later, her mother raising seven children and her father became a gardener. She attended Riverside Junior College in 1931, Graduated UC Berkeley with Bachelor of Arts degree in art in 1935, and again with Master of Arts degree in art and anthropology in 1936. She won the Berthat Taussig Traveling Art Fellowship, so she was able to study art for two-years in Europe. However, with the rise of Nazi Germany and the starting of World War II, she escaped back to the States when she still had six months left on her fellowship.After Japan attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, President Roosevelt sent Japanese American immigrants and their children to internment camps. During Okubo's time in the internment camps, she drew sketches of how life was, which included day-to-day activities such as having to share restrooms, being bored every day, and living in undesirable conditions. She made over a thousand drawings, which she compiled together into a novel called "Citizen 13660." "Citizen 13660" was published in 1946, and was the first primary source of the Japanese American internment camp experience. Miné Okubo is most known for her novel "Citizen 13660," but she was an important and prolific artist who kept drawing until her death in 2001.

Katsi Cook

Sherrill Elizabeth Tekatsitsiakawa “Katsi” (pronounced “Gudji”) Cook  (January 4, 1952 - ) Katsi Cook is a Native American who is a part of the Native Mohawk tribe. 

She is a midwife--someone who helps women give birth--and an environmental and indigenous activist. She worked at the First Environment Collaborative. There, she helped found the Akwesasne Mothers’ Milk Project in 1985. This was to help educate others (such as leaders or people of authority) on how toxic chemicals have affected the Mohawk tribe, especially mothers’ milk. Cook is also an executive director of the Spirited Aligned Organization--an organization that helps strengthen the Native community--in the early 2000s. At the Spirited Aligned Organization, she focuses on making sure that indigenous people and the organization are recognized and have a voice. She also serves as an ambassador for indigenous women's and girls’ land. In 2018, Cook partnered with the Elders Council of the Indigenous Justice Division of Ontario. This was in response to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada, an organization bringing awareness to Canada’s residential schools. The Canadian government had stripped kids of their parents and their culture. As these schools tried to Christianize indigenous people, they also physically and sexually abused them. At least thousands of children never came back home after being sent to these residential schools. TRC (Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada) brings survivors and families to talk about their experiences to bring attention to the abuse against indigenous people. 

Velma Hopkins

Velma Hopkins (February 24, 1909 – March 19, 1996) was a labor rights activist.

She was a member of Local 22 of the Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers of America-CIO (FTA). During the 1940s, she helped organize and lead a labor campaign agent R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. This campaign fought for better working conditions and pay for African American workers who experienced long hours in hot working conditions while breathing in tobacco dust. Hopkins helped lead a protest that over 10,000 workers attended. Apart from that, she also helped organize a labor strike. The work she did inspired many other people such as State Sen. Earline Parmon. Parmon says she partly owns her career to Hopkins as her work not only helped people who were directly affected by R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. but also expanded to other social justice issues such as voting rights and integration. 

Emma Gee

Emma Gee was a Chinese-American activist. She was one of the founders of the Asian American Political Alliance (AAPA). The AAPA was the first organization that used the term “Asian American” to describe themselves. Gee was also the editor of “Counterpoint: Perspectives on Asian America”, a collection of essays and thinking about and exploring Asian Americans’ experiences. 

Eveline Shen

Eveline Shen (born 1968) is the Chinese-American director of Forward Together. After she started to lead in 1999, the organization has been in the spotlight of reproductive justice. Forward Together helps women of color, especially those in the Asian community, with their reproductive health.

Helen Zia

Helen Zia (Chinese: 謝漢蘭; 1952) is a queer Chinese American journalist, activist and author. She is an activist for both Asian American and LGBTQ+ rights. 
Considered a big figure in Asian American activism, she had a huge role in getting justice for Vincent Chin. Vincent Chin was a Chinese-American. He was killed while working. 

Zia has also written six books. One book she co-wrote is My Country Versus Me. Zia wrote the book with Wen Ho Lee. My Country Versus Me is about Wen Ho Lee’s unfair arrest. Another book she’s written is Asian American Dreams: The Emergence of An American People. The book is about the Asian-American population growing. Other works by her include, Last Boat Out of Shanghai, Notable Asian Americans, Asian American Studies Now and One Way or Another: Asian American Art Now. 

Zia also worked as an executive editor at Ms. Magazine. Ms. Magazine is a feminist magazine. She also wrote some articles for other companies. Helen Zia also started a nonprofit with another person. The nonprofit is called American Citizens for Justice (ACP). The nonprofit helps people who’ve faced/are facing discrimination. Zia was also an expert witness on Hollingsworth v. Perry. Hollingsworth v. Perry was a Supreme court case for LGBTQ+ rights. Today, Helen Zia is married and continues to speak out. 

Hilda Jensen

Hilda Reyes Jensen (née Reyes) was a former Brown Beret. She was a big contributor to the Chicano movement and women's rights within the movement. Jensen joined the Brown Berets when she was 14 years old. A photographer took a picture of her wearing a bandolier. The photo became the face of the Brown Beret movement. The image was put on posters, buttons, books and more things to raise funds for the Brown Berets. Because of the sexist environment of the Brown Berets, Jensen ended up leaving the it and forming a new movement with other former Brown Beret women called Las Adelitas de Aztlán. Unfortunately, violence occurred at a rally leaving many protestors dead, in the same year Las Adelitas de Aztlán fell apart. Jensen decided not to ever join an organization again because of the lives that had been lost. 

Sylvia Woods

Sylvia Woods (March 15, 1909) was an African American labor rights activist. During the Great Depression, Woods fought for the rights of both black workers and white workers. She also fought for racial and sexual equality in the work force. She did so by organizing sit-down strikes and other protests at the laundry she worked at. Woods was one of the organizers of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). She helped to establish United Autoworkers local (UAW) in Bendix. Because of her efforts, the local UAW passed rules to stop discrimination based on sex. Woods was also one of the organizers of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). Woods was also the chair of the Chicago Committee to Free Angela Davis. Angela Davis was an African American politician who was in prison for crimes she didn't commit.

Sylvia Woods was born in New Orleans. Some of her views on life and labor rights were inspired by her father, a follower of Marcus Garvey and a military trade unionist. When Woods was 16, she moved to Chicago to find work. Due to the Great Depression, jobs were hard to get. Woods still managed to get a job at the Great Western Laundry on the Near West Side. Later on, she would stage her first strike at the laundry.

New Zealand bellbird

The New Zealand bellbird ("Anthornis melanura"), also known by its Māori names korimako and makomako, is a genus of passerine bird. It is from New Zealand. It is green and the only species in its genus, "Anthornis" that is not extinct.


Blueprint for Robbery

Blueprint for Robbery is a 1961 American crime movie directed by Jerry Hooper and starring J. Pat O'Reilly, Robert J. Wilke, Robert Gist, Henry Corden, Tom Duggan, Joe Conley, Marion Ross. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Easy Come, Easy Go (1947 movie)

Easy Come, Easy Go is a 1947 American drama movie. John Farrow directed it. Barry Fitzgerald, Sonny Tufts, Diana Lynn, Dick Foran, Frank McHugh, Allen Jenkins, Arthur Shields, Frank Faylen, and Ida Moore acted in it. Paramount Pictures distributed it.


Zeinab Mokalled

Zeinab Mokalled () alias Mahmoud Makled Noureddine alias Mrs. Umm Nasser is a Lebanese educator, environmental activist and human rights defender.

At the beginning of the 70s, the first civil society was established in the village of Arabsalim. It was under the name of "The Working Women's Association". As a result of the exacerbation of the garbage problem in the village, it reached its climax in 1995. It was with the state’s neglect of it under the complex political circumstances. Mokalled and a number of village women decided to solve this problem by establishing the “Arabsalim Women Gathering” association. The association later turned into “Nida al-Ard". It was registered as a civil organization in 1998. In cooperation with the volunteers and her friend Khadija Farhat, who bought an old truck, they collected wastes from the village's homes for $40 per year from each contributor. Then, they sort the recyclable wastes into a simulated home garden. The reason for success of the garbage recycling project managed by Mokalled was that the village was not affected by the waste problems in Lebanon that occurred in 2015. Before her retirement in 2000, Mokalled established a public library at Nabatiyeh High School for Girls.

Lina Al-Tarawneh

Lina Nayel Al-Tarawneh () is a Jordanian-Qatari climate activist.

Lina Al-Tarawneh has Jordanian nationality but she was born in Qatar. She lived in Doha and studied "medicine" at Qatar University. In 2015, she and her parents made a trip to Al Khor Island (also known as Purple Island) about 50 kilometers north of Doha. There, she saw the mangroves for the first time. She fell in love with the beautiful region. She discovered that few people in Qatar knew this region. She also saw that there was a lot of litter. So, she decided to do something about it. In October 2016, Al-Tarawneh applied and won a competition called the "Harvard Social Innovation Collaborative Global Trailblazer". The program gave five young entrepreneurs from around the world the opportunity to present their ideas at the annual "Igniting Innovation Summit on Social Entrepreneurshipat Harvard University". Together with her elder sister Dina, she founded the NGO "Green Mangroves" in 2017. After receiving a $15,000 of grant from the Ford Motor Company in 2017, she invested in the NGO. It was through the purchase of kayaks. The association organizes kayak trips with the aim of clearing litter.

Juan de Fuca Plate

The Juan De Fuca Plate is a small tectonic plate. It was created from the Juan de Fuca Ridge which is sinking underneath the western side of the North American Plate. 

The plate is west of the American states of Washington and Oregon and the Canadian province of British Columbia. Both the plate and ridge are named after the explorer of the same name. It is the smallest tectonic plate in the world. The second smallest tectonic plate (the Scotia plate) is 6.6 times larger.

Brainfuck

The brainfuck programming language is an esoteric (weird and unusual) programming language. It was created by Urban Müller in 1993. It has eight instructions (commands) which operate (do things on) a tape. Instructions are done one by one, in order. The tape has multiple sections. Each section is a number. Each section is, in the beginning, zero. Brainfuck is like a Turing machine. 

If the current section is not zero, these three commands subtract one until the current section is zero. Otherwise, they leave it at zero. 
These five commands first add three to the current section. Then, they subtract two from the current section. Since formula_1, these five commands are the same as "+" alone. 

As a result of brainfuck's fame, many derivatives (versions) of brainfuck have been created. These include Brain-Flak, pbrain, and tinyBF. Most are also Turing complete, just like brainfuck.

Quebec (1951 movie)

Quebec is a 1951 American historical adventure movie directed by George Templeton and starring John Drew Barrymore, Corinne Calvet, Barbara Bush, Patric Knowles, John Hoyt. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Man-Trap

Man-Trap is a 1961 American crime thriller movie directed by first time director Edmond O'Brien and starring Jeffrey Hunter, David Janssen, Stella Stevens, Elaine Devry, Virginia Gregg, Hugh Sanders, Bob Crane, Perry Lopez, Frank Albertson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Rolando Hinojosa-Smith

Rolando Hinojosa (January 21, 1929 – April 19, 2022) was an American novelist, essayist and poet. He was the Ellen Clayton Garwood professor in the English Department at the University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Mercedes, Texas. He was known for his "Klail City Death Trip Series,". Hinojosa was the first Chicano author to win Premio Casa de las Américas award.

Hinojosa-Smith died on April 19, 2022 at the age of 93.



Viktor Zvyahintsev

Viktor Oleksandrovych Zvyahintsev (, ; 22 October 1950 – 22 April 2022) was a Ukrainian footballer. He was born in Stalino, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. He played as a defender. He mainly played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk. His career lasted from 1968 until 1981.

Zvyahintsev played for the Soviet Union national football team thirteen times from 1975 until 1976. He won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Zvyahintsev died on 22 April 2022, aged 71.

Ashish Jha

Ashish Kumar Jha (born December 31, 1970) is an Indian American general internist physician and academic. He was a Dean at the Brown University School of Public Health. He was also a professor at Harvard University and a Senior Advisor at Albright Stonebridge Group. Jha's role at Brown University focuses on improving the quality and cost of health care, and on the impact of public health policy.

On March 17, 2022, US President Joe Biden announced that Jha would replace Jeffrey Zients as White House COVID-19 Response Coordinator. Jha took office on April 5, 2022. 

Madhubani, India

Madhubani is a city in the Indian state of Bihar. The word "Madhuban" means "forest of honey".

Firstborn (1984 movie)

Firstborn is a 1984 American psychological drama movie directed by Michael Apted and starring Teri Garr, Peter Weller, Corey Haim, Christopher Collet, Sarah Jessica Parker, Robert Downey Jr.. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax squalirostris

The striped snouted tree frog ("Scinax squalirostris") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay.

Nina Hillman

, known professionally as Nina Hillman, is an American-Japanese actress, idol singer and model. She made her debut in the Japanese group NiziU in December of 2020.

Hillman was born on February 27, 2005 in Seattle, Washington, United States. She was born to a Japanese mother and an American father of French descent. She is the youngest of two siblings and has an older sister. Her family moved to Japan in 2018.

While at ACT (A Contemporary Theatre), Nina starred as Trixie in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (2015). Nina was the understudy for the musical theatre performance "The Secret Garden" for the role of Mary Lennox.
Nina participated in JYP Entertainment's reality survival program Nizi Project where she competed against 12 finalists to secure a spot in the label's next girl group. Coming in ninth place, she went on to join the new girl group, which was later revealed to be named NiziU.

Baby It's You (movie)

Baby It's You is a 1983 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by John Sayles and starring Rosanna Arquette, Vincent Spano, Joanna Merlin, Leora Dana, Bill Raymond, Liane Curtis, Matthew Modine, Robert Downey Jr.. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild

The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild is a 2022 American computer animated comedy adventure film directed by John C. Donkin and produced by 20th Century Animation. It's a spin-off to the Ice Age franchise. It stars Simon Pegg reprising his role of Buck with Seann William Scott and Josh Peck being replaced with Vincent Tong and Aaron Harris as Crash and Eddie with Justina Machado and Utkarsh Ambudkar joining them voicing new characters. It focuses on Buck, Crash, Eddie and Buck's old love interest Zee trying to protect the Dinosaur World from a dwarf talking Triceratop named Orson that wants to rule the place with his Raptors.

It premiered on Disney+ on 28 January 2022.

One month after the events of "" (2016), Buck is back in the Lost World and continues protecting the place from rogue dinosaurs until his old nemesis Orson, a talking dwarf Triceratop with a big brain, comes back for revenge and wants to rule the Lost World, getting ride of all mammals in it and avoiding every mammal to enter in there. Crash and Eddie, that wanted to prove theimselves and living with Buck to live an adventerous life, and his love interest and former teammate Zee found theimselves forced to help him as they must stop Orson from killing all mammals.

Fantasia and Fugue in C minor, BWV 906

The Fantasia and Fugue in C minor (BWV 906) is a musical work for keyboard by Johann Sebastian Bach. It has two movements. The first movement is a fantasia. The second movement is a fugue. The fugue is not finished. The work is written in the galant style.

The work is written on two autograph manuscripts. One of the manuscripts only has the fantasia. The other manuscript has the fantasia and the unfinished fugue. The Fantasia may have been written around 1728-1730. The Fugue may have been written around 1738.

The fantasia is written in the sonata form. It has hand-crossings and triplets.

The fugue is not finished. It ends after forty-seven bars. The fugue has hand-crossings as well. It has the most hand-crossings of any Bach fugue.


Britannia Stadium

The Britannia Stadium, otherwise known as the bet365 Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is an association football stadium in Stoke-on-Trent. It is the home of Stoke City F.C.

The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1910 movie)

The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a 1910 American silent fantasy movie directed by Otis Turner and was based on the 1900 novel of the same name by L. Frank Baum. It stars Bebe Daniels and the movie is currently in archive.


Gohan

Gohan is an anime and manga fictional character in the "Dragon Ball" universe. He is one of the main protagonists of the "Dragon Ball" series. Gohan is the son of Chi-Chi and Goku, the brother of Goten, the husband of Videl and the father of Pan. Gohan is a human and Saiyan hybrid. He was created by Akira Toriyama.

Gohan is also a part of movies, video games and merchandise based on the franchise.

Gohan first appears as a normal human child. He wears a red hat that has a four star dragon ball on top of it. As a child, Gohan has a tail. Gohan wanders around the forest until he meets a tiger. The tiger steals his hat and runs away. As the tiger runs away, it becomes on a branch near a waterfall. Before Goku can save it. the tiger falls. It appears that the tiger jumped off the branch. This is a relief to Goku.

Gohan and Goku arrive at Kame house to meet Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and Mr. Turtle. Their celebration ended when Goku's older brother, Raditz, takes Gohan away. Goku and Piccolo form an alliance to save Gohan and defeat Raditz. He is too powerful for them to beat. Gohan does not want to see his father get hurt any further. This causes him to headbutt Raditz. The headbutt damages Raditz's armor but Gohan is knocked unconscious.

After the defeat of Raditz, Gohan was taken away by Piccolo to train for upcoming saiyan arrival. After six months of surviving in the woods, Gohan trains with Piccolo in the martial arts. 

The day the saiyans arrived, Gohan and other "Dragon Ball Z" fighters were ready. After the death of Yamcha and destruction of the saibamen, the saiyan warrior Nappa fights Gohan, Tien, Piccolo, Krillin and Chiotzu .Chiotzu and Tien died. This left Gohan, Krillin and Piccolo as Earth's last defenders.

Beta (finance)

Beta is a financial measurement of an assets' sensitivity to a certain weight. Typically, this weight is the S&P 500. Beta uses past performance, and cannot predict future results. 


Beta is calculated by dividing the covariance of returns between the index, and the stock, to the variance for the index returns.

Future Trunks

Future Trunks is a fictional character of the "Dragon Bal"l franchise. He is the son of Bulma and Vegeta. Trunks is the only fighter of his timeline.

Future Trunks is mainly seen in "Dragon Ball Super".

Trunks was first shown as a baby when the heart virus killed Goku and the androids #18 and #17 killed most of the fighters. Trunks and his master Gohan were the only fighters that were not killed. Trunks trained to become Super Saiyan. He did this so he could fight the androids. 

Trunks and Gohan decided to fight the androids but again the androids won. Gohan lost an arm in the fight. Trunks tried to transform into a Super Saiyan but he failed. Trunks tried to stop Gohan from fighting the androids alone but was knocked out by his master to keep him safe. Trunks woke up and learned that that Gohan had went to fight the androids alone. When Trunks got to the scene of the fight. he found Gohan was dead. This was what was needed for him to change into a Super Saiyan. 

Three years later, Trunks prepared himself for the fight against the androids. His mother, Bulma, created a time machine that was to be used if Trunks fails. Trunks fought the androids with Super Saiyan power. He did well for a time but he eventually fails and had to escape. He returned to capsule Corp and planned to go back to the past and change it. This would also change his present time.

Gardens of Versailles

The Gardens of Versailles ( ) is a garden of the château of Versailles. Most of the garden is designed by landscape architect André Le Nôtre.

Trunks (Dragon Ball)

Trunks is a fictional character appearing in the Dragon Ball franchise. He's the son of Bulma and Vegeta.
Trunks appears as a major character in Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super. He also appears in many spinoff videogames and merchandise. 

Pedrie Wannenburg

Pedrie Johannes Wannenburg (2 January 1981 – 22 April 2022) was a South African rugby union player. He was a flanker. He played for the South African national team from 2002 to 2007. He played for the Bulls in Super Rugby. He also played for Irish side Ulser and French teams Castres Olympique and Oyonnax.

After moving to the United States, he played for the Denver Stampede and Austin Elite / Gilgronis. He was later on the Austin Elite's coaching staff.

Wannenburg was born in Nelspruit (now Mbombela). He was married to Evette and had two children.

On 22 April 2022, Wannenburg died when his car was struck by a teenaged suspect being trailed by police during a highspeed chase in Houston, Texas, US. He was 41.


Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's

Yu-Gi-Oh 5Ds,is a spin-off series of the original Yu-Gi-Oh franchise. It follows the protagonist Yusei Fudo on adventure, first to get his Stardust dragon back then many other adventures throughout the series.

Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's composes of many song sets and was aired at the specific time.

Yusei Fudo, tests his duel runner and his friend Riley gives him a chip. Meanwhile the world champ Jack easily beats him.

Warsaw Stock Exchange

The Warsaw Stock Exchange (WSE), () is a stock exchange in Warsaw, Poland. It has a market capitalisation of PLN 1.05 trillion (EUR 232 billion; as of December 23, 2020).

CD Projekt

CD Projekt S.A. () is a Polish video game developer, publisher and distributor based in Warsaw, Poland. The company was founded in May 1994 by Marcin Iwiński and Michał Kiciński. 

GOG.com

GOG.com (Good Old Games) is a digital distribution platform for video games and movies. It is owned by CD Projekt based in Warsaw, Poland. GOG.com lets user download DRM-free video games through its platform for Microsoft Windows, macOS and Linux.

Max Fincham

Max Fincham (born 28 June 2004 in London, England) is an English actor. He is known for playing Isaac Mensah in the BBC One drama miniseries "Dark Money", Thomas in the American television series "The Alienist", Young Tim Goodman in "" and for voicing the title character in the animated series "Ricky Zoom". In 2021, he began playing Jerome Hall in the Apple TV science fiction series "Invasion".

Nadiad

Nadiad is a city in the state of Gujarat, India. It is also the administrative center of the Kheda district. The city is managed by the Nadiad municipal corporation. It is known for the santram mandir, the mai mandir, the historic swaminarayana temple built in 1824, and the anand and hari om ashram.

Red Dead Redemption 2

Red Dead Redemption 2 is an American 
Western themed video game. It is part of the "Red Dead" series and a prequel to "Red Dead Redemption".
It was released on October 26, 2018.

Michigan State Trunkline Highway System

The State Trunkline Highway System is all the state highways in Michigan. The system is controlled by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT). 

Go, Diego, Go!

Go, Diego, Go! is an American animated educational interactive children's television series that premiered on Nickelodeon on September 6, 2005 in the United States. It is a spin-off of "Dora the Explorer", as both were created and executive produced by Chris Gifford and Valerie Walsh Valdes, and follows Dora's cousin Diego, an 8-year-old boy whose adventures frequently involve rescuing animals and protecting their environment.

The series aired for five seasons consisting of 80 episodes in total premiered in primetime on Nickelodeon on Tuesday, September 6, 2005 at 8:00 p.m. The show aired in reruns on "Nick on CBS" for 11 months and 3 weeks from September 17, 2005 to September 9, 2006.

The show features an eight-year-old boy named Diego (voiced by Jake T. Austin, Seasons 1-3; Matt Hunter, Season 4; Brandon Zambrano, Season 5), who helps animals in danger, mainly in the rainforest. His cousin is Dora (voiced by Kathleen Herles) from "Dora the Explorer", as revealed in multiple episodes. Diego was first introduced in an episode of "Dora the Explorer" entitled "Meet Diego!" (originally voiced by brothers Andres and Felipe Dieppa). Dora makes several appearances throughout the series, usually without Boots by her side.


Dora and Friends: Into the City!

Dora and Friends: Into the City! (also simply known as Dora and Friends) is an American educational children's flash animated television series. A sequel to the original "Dora the Explorer" series, this series premiered on Nickelodeon on August 18, 2014, and ended on February 5, 2017, in the United States, followed by its Canadian premiere on September 6, 2014, on Treehouse TV.

The series features Dora as a 10-year-old girl and attends school and lives in the city of Playa Verde, California. She has five friends: Kate (who loves art), Emma (who loves music), Alana (who loves sports and animals), Naiya (who is smart and enjoys reading), and Pablo (who enjoys playing soccer). Together, Dora and her friends work together and go on adventures while discovering the secrets of their city. Dora has a magical charm bracelet that helps her get through objects in the way and a smartphone, complete with an app version of the previous series' map to aid her.

"Dora and Friends: Into the City!" is a spin-off of the popular children's show "Dora the Explorer." The pilot episode, titled "Dora's Explorer Girls: Our First Concert," aired in August 2011. The spin-off features Dora as a 10-year-old who embarks on city adventures with a new group of friends. The series premiered on Nickelodeon in August 2014 and was animated using Toon Boom Harmony. It ran for two seasons, totaling 40 episodes, and was canceled in February 2017. Reruns of the show continue to air on the Nick Jr. Channel.

Harashim

Harashim (, ) is a village in northern Israel.

This place is located in the Upper Galilee region to the north of Karmiel. It falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council in the Northern District. In it had a population of . Its elevation is . Harashim is the wettest settlement in Israel.

The village was established in 1980. It was made as part of the Galilee plan to encourage Jewish settlement in the region. Its name comes from nearby Tel Harashim, an Iron Age Jewish village where it is believed the inhabitants worked as blacksmiths.

Harashim has a Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification: "Csa") with hot, dry summers and cool, rainy and occasionally snowy winters. The village receives of precipitation per year. Summers are rainless and hot with an average high temperature of and an average low temperature of . Winters are cool and wet, and precipitation is occasionally in the form of snow. Winters have an average high temperature of and an average low temperature of . Harashim is the wettest inhabited place in Israel.

Audubon, Minnesota

Audubon is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Callaway, Minnesota

Callaway is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Frazee, Minnesota

Frazee is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake Park, Minnesota

Lake Park is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Ogema, Minnesota

Ogema is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Wolf Lake, Minnesota

Wolf Lake is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Funkley, Minnesota

Funkley is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Kelliher, Minnesota

Kelliher is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Solway, Minnesota

Solway is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Tenstrike, Minnesota

Tenstrike is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Turtle River, Minnesota

Turtle River is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Wilton, Minnesota

Wilton is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Gilman, Minnesota

Gilman is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States.

Rice, Minnesota

Rice is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States.

Sauk Rapids, Minnesota

Sauk Rapids is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States.

Apple Valley, Minnesota

Apple Valley is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. It is home of the state-owned Minnesota Zoo.

Burnsville, Minnesota

Burnsville is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Coates, Minnesota

Coates is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Farmington, Minnesota

Farmington is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Hampton, Minnesota

Hampton is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota

Inver Grove Heights is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Lakeville, Minnesota

Lakeville is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Lilydale, Minnesota

Lilydale is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Mendota, Minnesota

Mendota is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Mendota Heights, Minnesota

Mendota Heights is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Miesville, Minnesota

Miesville is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

New Trier, Minnesota

New Trier is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Randolph, Minnesota

Randolph is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Rosemount, Minnesota

Rosemount is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

South St. Paul, Minnesota

South St. Paul is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Sunfish Lake, Minnesota

Sunfish Lake is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Vermillion, Minnesota

Vermillion is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

West St. Paul, Minnesota

West St. Paul is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Golden Triangle (Mississippi)

The Golden Triangle (GTR) is a region in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Mississippi. The "triangle" is formed by the cities of Columbus, Starkville, and West Point but the region is often more broadly-defined to include all of Clay, Lowndes, and Oktibbeha counties and sometimes additional surrounding communities and counties as well.

Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians, Turin

The Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians () is a church in Turin, Italy.

Brewster's Millions (1914 movie)

Brewster's Millions is a 1914 American comedy movie directed by Cecil B. DeMille and Oscar Apfel and is the first adaption of the 1902 novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon and the 1906 play of the same name. It stars Edward Abeles, Joseph Singleton, Sydney Deane, Dick La Reno, Monroe Salisbury and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.

2021 Fijian presidential election

Indirect presidential elections were held in Fiji on 22 October 2021, in which members of parliament elected the president.

Wiliame Katonivere was nominated as the FijiFirst government's candidate by Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama, while Teimumu Kepa was nominated by Opposition Whip Lynda Tabuya. Katonivere was able to gain the support of a majority of MPs in the first round of voting, defeating Kepa by 28 votes to 23. An opposition MP, Mosese Bulitavu of SODELPA, also voted for Katonivere.

Two former prime ministers weighed in on the appointment; Mahendra Chaudhry called on the nominees to be disqualified, citing Section 83 (1) (c) of the 2013 constitution, which requires that the holder of the office not be affiliated with any political party as Katonivere was the incumbent president of FijiFirst party, and Kepa was a member of SODELPA. Meanwhile Sitiveni Rabuka praised Katonivere's appointment, adding that it showed that the people still have respect for the chiefly system of Fiji.

May Ying Chen

May Ying Chen (born 1948) is a labor organizer who specializes in immigrant workers rights. For more than twenty years, she has been actively advocating for immigrant and women’s worker rights. 
Born and raised in Boston, MA, she went to Radcliffe College, receiving a BA, and UCLA attaining her MA in Education. After her graduation, she worked as a high school and adult education teacher while staying in California. 
She founded a day care center that aimed on employing mainly immigrant women. Chen also taught Asian and Asian American Studies at California State University. After being inspired by the Third World Liberation movement in California from 1968-1969, Chen started her own labor movement in 1983 where she was a member in the International Ladies Garment Workers Union’s(ILGWU) and later worked on the ILGWU Immigration Project in 1984. Working on The Immigrant Project, Chen helped thousands of members apply for U.S. citizenship, sponsorship petitions on behalf of relatives, among other things. Chen began a full-time position at Local 23-25’s Education Department in 1989. She worked on numerous things like coordinating labor education programs, English and Civics classes, voter registration and political action projects and various other union and community activities for members. She also became active in other labor-related groups. She served on the Coalition of Labor Union Women’s National Executive Board from 1984 to 1993. She also participated in the Asian Labor Committee of New York City Central Labor Council and was a founding member and officer of AFL-CIO’s Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance(APALA). Up until June 2009 when she retired, Chen served as the International Vice President of UNITE HERE, manager of Local 23-25 and as Secretary of the New York Metropolitan Area Joint Board.

2018 Myanmar presidential election

An indirect presidential by-election was held in Myanmar on 28 March 2018. It was after the resignation of Htin Kyaw. Members of the Assembly of the Union voted for his replacement.

The election was the first by-election presidential election held under the 2008 constitution.

Win Myint was elected president.

Under the 2008 constitution, Myanmar has a President, and two Vice-Presidents. They are elected by the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, the national legislature.

The Pyidaungsu Hluttaw consists of two chambers, Pyithu Hluttaw, and Amyotha Hluttaw. Most seats are directly elected. But a quarter of the seats in both chambers are appointed by the Tatmadaw.

The Presidential Electoral College is made up of three committees:


Win Myint was nominated by the committee from Pyithu Hluttaw. He was a member of that house from the Tamwe Township. He was also the Speaker. Thaung Aye, a member of the Pyithu Hluttaw from the Pyawbwe Township, was nominated by the USDP.

The nomination election occurred on 23 March 2018.

Seven Pyithu Hluttaw seats were vacant.

Myint Swe (USDP) and Henry Van Thio (NLD) were the Vice-Presidents, and therefore became candidates.

Fine art

A fine art is an art for aesthetics or creativity. It has to have some sort of practical meaning. 




List of most expensive artworks by living artists

This is a list of the most expensive pieces of art made by artists that are still alive.

The highest price for a piece of art by a living artist was for Jasper Johns's 1958 painting "Flag". It was sold privately for what is thought to be $110 million USD ($ million in dollars).

This is a list of highest prices paid for an artist when they were living when the sale happened.
This is a list of the most expensive pieces of art at the time in an auction by a living artist.

Gwen Patton

Gwendolyn (Gwen) M. Patton (October 14, 1943 - May 11, 2017) was an activist in the Civil Rights Movement who fought for voting rights. She grew up in Alabama and graduated from G.W. Carver High School and Tuskegee Institute, where she was the first female president of the student government association in 1965. Her many accomplishments that made her an important figure in the civil rights movements began when Patton was a student. Patton was a youth founder of the Alabama Democratic Conference in 1960 and she continued to push students to fight for social, political, and economic change. She graduated with a master's degree from Antioch University. In 1968, Patton founded the National Black Antiwar Antidraft Union, which fought against Black men being drafted in the Vietnam War. She became the director of the Southern Student Human Relations Project in the late 1960s. She also founded the National Association of Black Students in 1969. Throughout her life, Patton continued to fight for civil rights and was deeply involved in politics, specifically during Jesse Jackson’s presidential campaign in 1983-1984, when she served as a delegate. Patton then helped found the Alabama New South Coalition in 1986. She worked at Trenholm State University as the archivist for the Special Collections on Montgomery Pioneer Voting Rights Activists and retired in 2014.

Fugitive Hunter: War on Terror

Fugitive Hunter: War on Terror (in Europe released as American's 10 Most Wanted) is a first-person shooter game for PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows. Developed by Black Ops Entertainment and published by Encore Software in United States and also published by Play-It, it was released between 2003 (NA) and 2004 (EU).

Valentin Sulzbacher

Valentin Sulzbacher (born 11 March 2005) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the Red Bull Academy U18 team.
He started his career with FC Altmünster und ASKÖ Ohlsdorf. 2015 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In the 2021-22 season he played his first match for FC Liefering. His debut was on April 18th when he played in the starting team versus SV Lafnitz. In this match he also scored his first professional goal.

Patrik Kovács

Patrik Kovács (born 9 February 2005) is a Hungarian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for FC Liefering in the Austrian 2nd league and the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18 team.
Kovács started his career with Gyáli Lurkó SE and Gloriett SE . 2015 he went to Ferencváros Budapest, from 2020 to 2021 he played for MTK Budapest. 2021 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 

In April 2022 he debutet for FC Liefering in the league match versus SV Lafnitz where he was in the starting team.

He played in the Hungarian U-16 and the Hungarian U-17 team.

The Prince and the Pauper (1990 movie)

The Prince and the Pauper is a 1990 American animated comedy action-adventure featurette. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and directed by George Scribner. Featuring the voice of Wayne Allwine as Mickey Mouse, it is inspired by Mark Twain's 1881 novel of the same name. It was Disney's final use of the traditional ink-and-paint and camera process, before the CAPS digital-ink-and-paint process rendered the traditional techniques and equipment obsolete. Some objects, such as the carriage, were created on computers before being printed out on paper and photocopied onto animation cels.

The film was released on November 16, 1990, as the first animated short produced by Disney to accompany the original release of a Disney animated feature, accompanying the original release of Walt Disney Feature Animation's 29th animated feature film "The Rescuers Down Under", a sequel to the 1977 animated film, "The Rescuers".


The short was released on VHS several times. The VHS and LaserDisc counterparts were first released on June 4, 1991 as part of the Walt Disney Mini-Classics line. On January 28, 1994, the Disney Favorite Stories line was introduced a couple of months after the discontinuation of the Mini-Classics line and that same date, "The Prince and the Pauper" was one of the first few Disney short films that returned to VHS as part of it. The Favorite Stories version was later re-released on April 21, 1995 and May 21, 1996.

The short was later released on May 18, 2004 on "".


The Squaw Man (1914 movie)

The Squaw Man is a 1914 American western movie directed by Cecil B. DeMille (who also stars) and Oscar Apfel and is the first version of the 1905 play of the same name by Edwin Milton Royle. It stars Dustin Farnum, Monroe Salisbury, Lillian St. Cyr, Winifred Kingston, William Elmer, Fred Montague and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Tunstall

Tunstall is a town in Stoke-upon-Trent, one of the six pottery towns.

Stoke-upon-Trent

Stoke-upon-Trent is commonly called just "Stoke". 

Rather confusingly, it is just one of the six towns that make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent, in Staffordshire, England.

The other towns that make up Stoke-on-Trent are Hanley, Burslem, Fenton, Longton and Tunstall.

Marcel Moswitzer

Marcel Moswitzer (born 26 February 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a Midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering. He also plays for the Red Bull Academy U18 team.
He started in the Carinthian teams of ASKÖ St. Egyden, ATUS Velden and ATUS Feistritz/Rosental . In 2019 he came to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in all youth teams. 

In March 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering versus Floridsdorfer AC when he came in in the second half for Lukas Wallner.

Hanley, Staffordshire

Hanley is one of the six towns that make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire, England. The others are Burslem, Longton, Fenton, Tunstall and Stoke-upon-Trent.

Hanley has an important city centre. It has been for a long time the commercial hub of the city of Stoke-on-Trent. It is home to the Potteries Shopping Centre and many high street chain stores.

The Pottery towns are connected by double-carriageway roads, and have the M6 motorway nearby. Hanley no longer has a train link, but the canal which carried the goods is still active.

Hanley was a centre of the 1842 Pottery Riots, and part of the 1842 General Strike. This is a reminder that coal mining was as important as pottery in the area during the 19th century. Coal fired the huge kilns in which the clay objects were baked. Indeed coal was as important to potteries as the clay itself.

Both the pottery and the coal was moved by barge along canal waterways. It is still more efficient to move heavy cargo on water than any other way.

1998 Algarve Cup

The 1998 Algarve Cup was the fifth edition of the Algarve Cup.

Portugal finished bottom of their group for the fifth year in a row. But they won the match to decide seventh place on penalties after a 2–2 draw with Finland.


Scinax cuspidatus

The coastal lowland snouted tree frog or long-snouted tree frog ("Scinax cuspidatus") is a frog that lives in eastern Brazil.

Aposthia

Aposthia is a rare genetic disorder in humans. It causes a male baby who is born without a foreskin or with a very short foreskin. This is sometimes called a natural circumcision. It is very rare and a genetical family issue.

Pahlavi Iran

Pahlavi Iran or the Pahlavi Empire was a sovereign state until 1979 revolution. It was a monarchy, ruled by the Pahlavi Dynasty. It is the last dynasty of Iran.

Rangpur, Assam

Rangpur was among the few capitals of the Ahom Kingdom. The city was formed in 1707 by Swargadeo Rudra Singha.

Ahom Kingdom

The Ahom kingdom (/ˈɑːhɔːm/, 1228–1826) was a late medieval kingdom in the Brahmaputra Valley in Assam. It maintained its sovereignty for nearly 600 years having successfully resisted Mughal expansion in Northeast India. Established by Sukaphaa, a Tai prince from Mong Mao (present-day Yunnan Province, China), it began as a mong in the upper reaches of the Brahmaputra based on wet rice agriculture. It expanded suddenly under Suhungmung in the 16th century and became multi-ethnic in character, casting a profound effect on the political and social life of the entire Brahmaputra valley. The kingdom became weaker with the rise of the Moamoria rebellion, and subsequently fell to repeated Burmese invasions of Assam. With the defeat of the Burmese after the First Anglo-Burmese War and the Treaty of Yandabo in 1826, control of the kingdom passed into East India Company hands.

Krillin

Krillin is a fictional character from the Dragon Ball franchise, he's the best friend of Goku and husband of Android 18 and has a daughter named Marron.

Krillin makes an appearance in Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super and other movies and merchandise were made about him as well.

Krillin is munk who came to the Kame House to get special training from the Turtle hermit master Roshi. He meets his soon to be best friend but now a rival Goku. Master Roshi sends them to find him a beautiful lady then he'll train them. Krillin and Goku find who was being harassed but they save her. The girl's name was launch and was revealed to be criminal and the two man were policeman.

Master Roshi finally approves Krillin and Goku as his successors and begins the training. Krillin and Goku do many tasks like chores such as delivering milk,digging through the ground, swimming away from a deadly shark and dodging bees. After that master Roshi tells Krillin and Goku that they'll be training with shells on their back from now on.

8 months later,Krillin joins the world martial arts tournament.

Mongolian spot

The "Mongolian spot" is a clear bluishgrey mark on newborns back. It completely disappears at the age of 12-14 months. It is not so big as a penny in diameter. This is mainly due to the accumulation of melamine pigment in the dermis. This name was given mainly due to the fact that it was first discovered in Mongolian children. In fact, it is observed not only in people belonging to the Mongoloid race, but also in members of other races. These spots are found in 90% of Asian children. The "Mongolian spot" is also observed in the peoples of Europe. An example of this are the Roma people.

Longton, Staffordshire

Longton is one of the six small towns which make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent. The area is known as "the Potteries".

Fenton, Staffordshire

Fenton is one of the six small towns which make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent. The area is known as "the Potteries".

Licypriya Kangujam

Licypriya Kangujam (born 2 October 2011) is a child environmental activist from Manipur, India. She belongs to the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. She is one of the youngest global climate activists that has addressed world leaders at the 2019 to take immediate climate actions. Licypriya has been campaigning for climate action in India since 2018. Her campaigns were to pass new laws to change India's high pollution levels. She also campaigned to make climate-change literacy mandatory in schools.

She has been called as "India's Greta Thunberg". However, she does not like the usage of this term. 
Licypriya started working against climate change in July 2018. She was inspired by the climate activist Greta Thunberg. On 21 June 2019, Licypriya started spending a week outside the Indian Parliament House to draw the attention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to pass a climate change law in India. On 31 August 2019, Licypriya received the "World Children Peace Prize 2019". It was given by Mr. Charles Allen, Director of Partnerships of Global Peace Index – Institute of Economics & Peace (IEP), Australia. She received the award in an event organized by the Regional Alliance of Fostering Youth and Ministry of Youth Sports and Community Empowerment, Government of Maldives. She was also honored with the title "Rising Star" by the Earth Day Network, Washington, D.C., USA.

On 19 November 2019, she was given the "SDGs Ambassador Award 2019" at Chandigarh University by and , Government of India. Licypriya also received the "Global Child Prodigy Award 2020" on 3 January 2020 in New Delhi by Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry Kiran Bedi.
On 18 February 2020, she addressed the TEDxSBSC held in University of Delhi, New Delhi, India. On 23 February 2020, she addressed the TEDxGateway held in Mumbai and received a standing ovation for her speech. She addressed TEDx talks for the six times by the time she was nine years old.

Will Friedle

William Alan Friedle (born August 11, 1976) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his role as the elder brother Eric Matthews on the long-running TV series "Boy Meets World" from 1993 to 2000. More recently, he has voiced a number of animated characters such as Terry McGinnis/Batman, the title character of "Batman Beyond" and Ron Stoppable in "Kim Possible". He voiced Deadpool in "Ultimate Spider-Man" and Star-Lord in the animated version of "Guardians of the Galaxy". He also performed the voice of Doyle in "The Secret Saturday", Lion-O in the rebooted "ThunderCats" series, and Blue Beetle on "Batman: The Brave and The Bold". He has been the speaking voice of Bumblebee since the final episode of "Transformers: Prime" and has voiced the character in the movie "Transformers Prime Beast Hunters: Predacons Rising" and in the stand-alone sequel "Transformers: Robots in Disguise", as well as in "Transformers: Rescue Bots".

Wil Wheaton

Richard William Wheaton III (born July 29, 1972) is an American actor, blogger and writer. 

He portrayed Wesley Crusher on the television series "", Geordie Lachance in the film "Stand by Me", Joey Trotta in "Toy Soldiers" and Bennett Hoenicker in "Flubber". Wheaton has also appeared in recurring voice acting roles as Aqualad in "Teen Titans", Cosmic Boy on "Legion of Super Heroes" and Mike Morningstar/Darkstar in the Ben 10 franchise's original continuity. He appeared regularly as a fictionalized version of himself on the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" and in the roles of Fawkes on "The Guild", Colin Mason on "Leverage" and Dr. Isaac Parrish on "Eureka". Wheaton was the host and co-creator of the YouTube board game show "TableTop". He has narrated numerous audio books, including "Ready Player One" and "Ready Player Two".

2018 United States Senate elections

Elections happened on November 6, 2018 to elect 35 class 1 members to the United States Senate. The winners were elected into a six-year term from January 3, 2019, to January 3, 2025. Two special senate elections were also held on the same day: one in Minnesota after Al Franken resigned and Mississippi after Thad Cochran resigned.



2022 United States Senate election in Utah

The 2022 United States Senate election in Utah was held on November 8, 2022. The election was between Republican nominee Mike Lee and independent candidate Evan McMullin. Mike Lee won the election.

This was the first Senate election in Utah's history where there was no Democratic nominee.





The Utah Democratic Party state convention took place on April 23, 2022. However, as opposed to nominating Kael Weston, the only Democrat running in the convention, the party chose to support Evan McMullin's independent campaign, following encouragement from many Democrats in the state, including former Rep. Ben McAdams and Salt Lake County Mayor Jenny Wilson.





The Utah Democratic Party held a state convention on April 23, 2022. At here they endorsed candidates for state offices. Supporters of Evan McMullin, led by Salt Lake County mayor Jenny Wilson, introduced a motion for the state party to forgo nominating a Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate and to instead "join Evan McMullin’s independent coalition to beat Mike Lee". They contended that not doing so would split the anti-Lee vote in the general election. The motion was opposed by supporters of Kael Weston, the lone Democratic candidate for the seat who thus would have received the nomination had the motion failed. The delegates passed the motion by a 57%–43% margin.




Michael's Gate

Michael's Gate () is a city gate in Bratislava, Slovakia.

Grassalkovich Palace

The Grassalkovich Palace () is a palace in Bratislava and the home of the president of Slovakia. The building is a Rococo-late Baroque summer palace with a French garden.

Devín Castle

Devín Castle is a castle in Devín, a borough of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.

Monte (Funchal)

Monte is a civil parish in Funchal, Madeira. Local people also call it "Nossa Senhora do Monte". 6,701 people lived there in 2011. The area of Monte is 18.59 km².

Liatris

Liatris, or gayfather, is a genus of flowering plants. It is in the sunflower family of the boneset tribe. It is native to North America (Canada, United States, Mexico and the Bahamas). Its most common name is blazing star.

They are perennials, meaning they grow leaves and flowers every year. They survive winter as corms.

"Liatris" species are used as food by the larvae of some butterflies and moths. The bleeding flower moth's larvae only feed on "Liatris".

Louisiana State University Shreveport

Louisiana State University Shreveport (LSU Shreveport or LSUS) is a public university in Shreveport, Louisiana. It is part of the Louisiana State University System. Initially, a two-year college, LSUS has expanded into a university with 21 undergraduate degree programs, a dozen master's degree programs, and more recently a Doctorate of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Studies. LSUS offers more than 70 extra-curricular organizations and operates Red River Radio, a public radio network based in Shreveport. The school's athletic programs, nicknamed the Pilots, are members of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) and the Red River Athletic Conference.

Wangfujing station

Wangfujing Station is a railway station located in Dongcheng, Beijing, It is the transfer station of Line 1 and Line 8. The station is decorated with the color yellow, the color of prosperity.

This station is located at the intersection of Wangfujing Street and Chang'an Avenue. Wangfujing Ancient Human Culture Site Museum is at the A port.

The station hall of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located under East Chang'an Avenue, passing through two underground passages that cross East Chang'an Avenue.The station hall of Line 8 is located in the underground on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and East Chang'an Street, there are two transfers on the south side The passage entrance and the mural "Wangfu Ancient Charm", the station hall of Line 8 is connected to the station hall of Line 1 on the upper floor through the stairs and escalators in the transfer passage, and there is another straight elevator leading to the station hall of Line 1 in the southwest corner. . From the station hall to the platform on the southernmost side of the escalator brow wall is the mural "Century Time-honored Brand", and on the northernmost escalator brow wall is "Wangfujing Xinjie Times Xing".
The platform of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located at the bottom of East Chang'an Street. It is an island-style platform. At present, Half-Height Security Gate has been installed (officially opened on July 23, 2017). Line 8 has an island-style platform at the bottom of Wangfujing Street, and Line 1 goes under the rail area.
This subway station has 5 exits: A northeast (to Oriental Plaza), B southeast, C southwest, E3 north, F1 east, of which exits B and C are on the east and west side of Wangfujing intersection, respectively. In the passage, according to the exit of the underground passage, it is divided into B1 (northeast east), B2 (southeast east), B3 (southeast west), C1 (northwest west), C2 (northwest east), C3 (southwest east), C4 (southwest west) Exit, E3 is next to Gongmei Building on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and Dongdan Santiao, F1 is located on the east of Wangfujing Street side (between Dashamao Hutong and Xigongfu Street), northwest of the west gate of Oriental Plaza. E3 and F1 exits are equipped with ramps, of which the F1 ramp is dedicated to luggage.

Sorority Boys

Sorority Boys is a 2002 American comedy movie. Wallace Wolodarsky directed it. It is about a group of college boys who dress up as girls to prove they did not steal from their friends. Along the way, they learn about unfairness toward women. The movie starred Barry Watson, Michael Rosenbaum and Harland Williams.

Three college friends, Dave, Adam, and Dooferwho are head of the Social Committee in a fraternity house called Kappa Omicron Kappa ("KOK" sounds like a slang word for penis)are living the party lifestyle. The KOKs throw wild parties. Many other college students like to come to these parties, but the KOKs are mean to the women. For example, they take photographs of women waking up after having sex with a KOK. They do not allow ugly women to come to their parties. They often make fun of the all-girl sorority group Delta Omicron Gamma ("DOG" is a slang word for "unattractive woman"), who protest the actions of the KOKs as rude and sexist.

The frat president, Spence, accuses Dave, Adam, and Doofer of stealing money from the frat treasury. Spence convinces the other KOKs that the three are thieves, and they are kicked out of the house.

Doofer tells his friends that he thinks Spence himself stole the money. Because the frat's safe was in Adam's room, he says, Adam may have accidentally recorded Spence stealing the money while Adam was making a movie of a sexual encounter. But to find the tape, they must re-enter the house. Doofer says they should dress as beautiful women so that the KOKs will let them into the house during the next party. They call themselves Adina, Roberta, and Daisy. The KOKs believe that all three are women, but they throw them out of the frat for not being beautiful enough.

The women of the DOG sorority rescue Dave, Adam, and Doofer, thinking they are "plus-size girls" and let them stay at their sorority house. For the rest of the movie, the boys switch between wearing their own clothes and dressing as women. They try to sneak back into the KOK house to find the tape many times. Along the way, they become friends with the DOG sisters. They learn that they and the KOKs had been treating women very badly. All three become better and wiser men.

Critics said this was a very bad movie. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 12% based on 65 reviews, with an average score of 3.22/10. The website reads: "A sloppy fratboy movie, "Sorority Boys" offers up a parade of gross-out gags and sex jokes, while insulting and ogling women." On Metacritic, the movie has a rank of 25 out of 100 based on 20 critics, meaning that most critics had not liked it.

The movie cost $12 million budget and only made a little more money than that: $12,517,488 worldwide.

Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the movie a score of a "B," saying that "There are moments of real funniness in this smarter-than-anticipated goof-fest."

Ed Gonzalez of "Slant Magazine" gave the movie 1.5 stars out of 5, explaining his reasoning by the fact that ""Sorority Boys" only confirms the threat posed to the film industry when homo-wary frat boys are allowed to play director."

"The New York Times"s A. O. Scott criticized the movie's director, saying that "[he] has made a film that even a rabid lowbrow like Homer Simpson (or, when the mood strikes, this critic) would find beneath his dignity."

Ladyhawke

Ladyhawke is a 1985 American Italian fantasy movie directed by Richard Donner and starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer, John Wood, Ken Hutchison, Leo McKern. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1986.


List of Danish monarchs

This is a list of Danish monarchs since 950 

List of tallest people in the world

This is a list of men and women who are (or have been) the tallest people in the world.

Ontong Java Plateau

The Ontong Java Plateau (OJP) is a huge oceanic plateau in the southwestern Pacific Ocean, north of the Solomon Islands.
The OJP was formed around 120 million years ago. When eruption of lava ended, the Ontong plateau covered 1% of Earth's surface. It had a volume of of basaltic magma.

This Ontong Java event was the largest volcanic event of the past 200 million years. Its magma production was several times larger than the Deccan Traps.
The smooth surface of the OJP is punctuated by seamounts such as the Ontong Java Atoll, one of the largest atolls in the world.


Mickey's Birthday Party

Mickey's Birthday Party is a 1942 American animated short film directed by Riley Thomson, produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. The 114th short to feature Mickey Mouse, it was released on February 7, 1942. The animated film was directed by Riley Thomson and animated by Les Clark, James Moore, Ken Muse, Armin Shaffair, Riley Thompson, Bernie Wolf, and Marvin Woodward. It was the 116th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.

This short is an update of the 1931 black and white short "The Birthday Party". The 1931 version only had Mickey, Minnie, Clarabelle and Horace, since none of the other characters existed at the time.

It also has some marks of 1932's "The Whoopee Party".

Some of the animation of Mickey's wild dance was actually originally done by Ward Kimball for "The Reluctant Dragon", not only used in the film.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


How to Stay at Home

How to Stay at Home is a television series of animated shorts produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. The series is directed by Eric Goldberg. It stars Bill Farmer and Corey Burton. The series is about Goofy being forced to stay in his home because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The three shorts were released in August 11, 2021, on Disney+.

Told in the style of the classic "How to..." series, the series follows Goofy's life in his home during the COVID-19 pandemic.


"How to Stay at Home" was released on Disney+, in August 11, 2021. The series consists of three shorts.

Fatma Zohra Ksentini

Fatma Zohra Ouhachi-Vesely (née Ksentini)() is an Algeria woman officeholder. She is the first on toxic wastes from 1995 to 2004. Before having her position, she was a "Special Rapporteur" in the from 1989 to 1994.

Ksentini was a part of the "Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities". It was when she was named "special rapporteur" on Human Rights and the Environment in 1989. For the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, she started a four-year search work into environmental human rights in 1990. After completing her research in 1994, she submitted her findings to the "Draft Declaration of Principles on Human Rights and the Environment".

In 1995, Ksentini became the "United Nations Special Rapporteur" on Toxic Wastes. During the starting of her office, she collected some information on the health effects of throwing out of toxic wastes. After submitting her report in 1997, Ksentini gave negative comments on the "Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights". It was for not providing her the necessary funding to carry on the actual finding. After being selected again in 1998, Ksentini developed many proposals on the destroying of toxic waste disposals into developing countries. Her final term as "Special Rapporteur" started in 2001 and ended in 2004.

Outside of her work as Special Rapporetur, Ksentini was the chairwoman of the "Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery" in 1991.

Ksentini was married to a Mr. Ouhachi-Vesely.

Elizabeth Mrema

Elizabeth Maruma Mrema is a Tanzanian biodiversity leader and a lawyer. She is currently living in Montreal, Canada. She was appointed as an executive secretary of the United Nations "Convention on Biological Diversity" (CBD) in 2020.She is the first African woman to hold this role. She previously had many top leading positions in the "United Nations Environment Programme".

Mrema had a "Bachelor of Law" from Tanzania's . Later, she had by a "Master of Law" degree from "Dalhousie University" in , Canada. She also had a "Postgraduate Diploma in International Relations and Diplomacy" from the Centre of Foreign Relations and Diplomacy in , Tanzania. 

Before starting her work with , Mrema worked for Tanzania's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation. She was serving as a Counsellor/Senior Legal Counsel. She was also a lecturer in Public International Law and Conference Diplomacy at Tanzania's Centre for Foreign Relations and Diplomacy. 

From 2009 to 2012, she worked at an organisation in Bonn, Germany. In 2009, she became Acting Executive Secretary of the UNEP/ASCOBANS (Agreement on the Conservation of Small Cetaceans of the Baltic, North East Atlantic, Irish and North Seas), Executive Secretary of the UNEP/Secretariat of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS) and Interim Executive Secretary of the UNEP/Gorilla Agreement. 

Starting from 2012, she has been working as Deputy Director of the Ecosystems Division at the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). While doing so, she oversaw the organization's coordination, operations and programme delivery. She then became the Director of the Law Division at the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) in June 2014. In 2018, she again worked as the Acting Director of the "Corporate Services Division". In November 2019, Mrema worked as a temporary "Officer in Charge of the CBD Secretariat". Starting from December 2019, she worked as the Acting Executive Secretary of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) Secretariat. In July 2020, she became the Executive Secretary role.

Elizabeth Maruma Mrema was the Director of the Law Division. She had worked with UNEP for over twenty years.

Besides doing leading roles, Mrema serves as a willing lecturer without taking any salary at the University of Nairobi - Law School. She has previously lectured without taking any salary at International Development Law Organization (IDLO), Rome, Italy.

She wrote many articles on international environmental law. She also created many handbooks and guides for many-sided environmental agreements and other topics on environmental law.

In 2007, she was given the first-ever UNEP-wide Best Manager of the Year Award (the UNEP Baobab Staff Award) "for exceptional performance and dedication towards achieving the goals of UNEP".

In 2021, the IUCN World Commission on Environmental Law (WCEL) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) awarded Elizabeth with the "Nicholas Robinson Award for Excellence in Environmental Law".

Bratislava Castle

Bratislava Castle (, ) is the main castle in Bratislava, Slovakia.

The Simple Things

The Simple Things is a 1953 animated short subject, part of the "Mickey Mouse" series, produced by Walt Disney Productions. Released by RKO Radio Pictures on March 27, 1953, the short is notable as the 126th and final regular entry in the "Mickey Mouse" theatrical cartoon series.

Following this short, one-shot Mickey shorts were produced: the featurettes "Mickey's Christmas Carol" (1983) and "The Prince and the Pauper" (1990), and the shorts "Runaway Brain" (1995), and "Get a Horse!" (2013).

The cartoon was featured in the video game "Disney's Magical Mirror Starring Mickey Mouse".


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Anti-abortion violence

Anti-abortion violence is violence committed against individuals and organizations that perform abortions.

The murders of David Gunn (1993), John Britton (1994), Barnett Slepian (1998) and George Tiller (2009) are examples of anti-abortion violence in the United States.

Milenio Televisión

Milenio Televisión is a Mexican television cable news channel owned by Grupo Multimedios.

The news programming uses the resources of the Milenio newspaper, one of the largest in the country. Programming is 24 hours a day. They have news, analysis and specialized programs. The channel is available in various pay TV systems at Mexico and the US, and on the internet. Milenio has also been available on the second digital subchannels of Multimedios television stations, as well as those of XHIJ-TDT and XHILA-TDT.
The network produces newscasts for Los Angeles called "Noticias 22 Milenio". The newscasts air weekdays from 3 to 4 p.m., daily from 7 to 8 p.m. and daily from 10 to 11:30 PM (Pacific Time). on KWHY-TV 22.
During 2012, Milenio Television began broadcasting on Digital Television on 12.2 of XHAW-TDT; until 2015 it moved to 12.2 of XHSAW-TDT. In 2017, it changed to channel 13.2. In February 2018, due to the change of XHAW-TDT from 12.1 to 6.1, XHSAW-TDT returned to 12.1 and Milenio Television in 12.2.

In 2016, Milenio Televisión's open signal increased when it was authorized to be transmitted as part of the multiprogramming of the main channel in the cities of: Torreón, León, Nuevo Laredo, Ciudad Victoria, Tampico and Matamoros.

As a result of the IFT-6 tender, Multimedia won frequencies in Mexico City, Guadalajara, Durango, Ciudad Juarez and Monclova, Milenio Televisión is available at stations in those cities.


Beer Boys and Vodka Girls

Beer Boys and Vodka Girls is a teenage comedy web series. It was developed by Rahul Gupta. Prime Flix App released a web series Beer Boys and Vodka Girls.

The adult comedy web series revolves around the complicated life stories of six characters in total. There are three boys living in the same flat and three girls in another. These young people have much different lifestyles and problems. If the boys discussion focuses mostly on their sexual desire and wild fantasies, girls often talk about office issues, relationships, or bra sizes.


Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe

Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe, QC (12 May 1816 – 29 April 1905), known previously as Sir Edmund Beckett, 5th Baronet and Edmund Beckett Denison, was a "lawyer, mechanician and controversialist" as well as a notable horologist and architect.

Wireless broadband

Wireless Internet is often used to connect remote and rural places to the Internet. Technologies such as 4G, satellite, or radio are used to achieve this. This may be because it is too expensive or not possible to run cables to very remote areas.

This is not the same as Wi-Fi, which is wireless access to an Internet connection that is already in a house.

List of The Haunted House (anime) episodes

The Haunted House is a Korean animated television series. The series premiered on July 20, 2016 on Tooniverse.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Gérard van Opdorp

Gérard M. van Opdorp (16 November 1925 - 3 October 2003) was a Dutch Paralympic archer and wheelchair basketball player.

Van Opdorp became impaired due to the war. He was part of the first Dutch team at the Stoke Mandeville Games in 1952. As an archer he competed at the 1968 Summer Paralympics and 1972 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal. He also competed in wheelchair basketball at the Summer Paralympics. 

On 5 August 1963, he married Paralympic swimmer Delphine Ariens Kappers, who won the first ever gold medal at the Paralympic Games in 1960. 

He died in 2003 in Doorn at the age of 77.

UBlock Origin

uBlock Origin ( "you-block") is a free and open-source browser extension for filtering content, including ad blocking. The extension is available for Chrome, Chromium, Edge, Firefox, Opera, Pale Moon, as well as versions of Safari prior to 13. uBlock Origin has received praise from technology websites and is said to use much less memory than other extensions with similar functionality. 

uBlock Origin's purpose is to give people the ability to enforce their own filters for blocking.

uBlock Origin is actively developed and maintained by its creator and lead developer Raymond Hill.

Gert Hekma

Gerhardus "Gert" Hekma (24 September 1951 – 19 April 2022) was a Dutch anthropologist and sociologist. He was known for his research and publications about homosexuality. He taught gay and lesbian studies at the Faculty of Social and Behavioral Sciences of the University of Amsterdam from 1984 to 2017.

Ronald J. Zlatoper

Ronald Joseph Zlatoper (March 21, 1942 – April 21, 2022) was a United States Navy four star admiral. He was Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet (CINCPACFLT) from 1994 to 1996.

Zlatoper died on April 21, 2022 at the age of 80.

Michelle Suárez Bértora

Michelle Suárez Bértora (21 February 1983 – 22 April 2022) was a Uruguayan activist, lawyer, lecturer, politician, and writer. She was Uruguay's first transgender university graduate, first trans lawyer, and first transgender person elected to office. She was a Senator from 2014 until 2017. She was born in Salinas, Uruguay.

She transitioned at the age of 15 with the support of her mother. Suárez went to primary and secondary school in Salinas in 2004. After six years of study, and a legal transition to allow her to graduate with her proper gender. She was the first (and only) trans-woman to become a lawyer in Uruguay. 

She graduated in 2010 from the University of the Republic as the first transgender person to complete university studies in the country. 

In 2014, she also became the first transgender person elected to the Uruguayan legislature.

Suárez Bértora died on 22 April 2022 in Montevideo, Uruguay from a heart attack at the age of 39.

Arno (singer)

Arnold Charles Ernest Hintjens (21 May 1949 – 23 April 2022), better known by his stage name Arno, was a Belgian singer and actor. He was the frontman of TC Matic, one of the best-known Belgian bands of the 1980s. He had a role in "Camping Cosmos" where he played the homosexual lifeguard Harry.

In 2020, Arno was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease on 23 April 2022 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 72.

Carmelo Borobia

Joaquin Carmelo Borobia Isasa (16 August 1935 – 23 April 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Cortes, Navarre, Spain. He became a priest in 1959. He was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zaragoza, Spain and as titular bishop of Elo from 1990 to 1996. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarazona, Spain, from 1996 to 2004 and then as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toledo, Spain and as titular bishop of Rubicon from 1994 until his retirement.

Borobia died on 23 April 2022 in Zaragoza, Spain at the age of 86.

Enoch Kelly Haney

Enoch Kelly Haney (November 12, 1940 – April 23, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and artist. He was principal chief of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma from 2005 until 2009 and was a member of both houses of the Oklahoma Legislature from 1980 until 2022. He was also a candidate for Governor of Oklahoma in the 2002 election. Haney was born in Seminole, Oklahoma.

Haney died on April 23, 2022 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma at the age of 81.

Chico Heat

The Chico Heat is the name of two baseball teams that have operated in Chico, California. 
The first was a professional team in the Western Baseball League from 1997 to 2002. The second team was a part of the summer collegiate wood bat league known as the Great West League. It began operations in 2014 and ended in 2018. The team's title sponsor was Golden Valley Bank.

The original Chico Heat were broadcast on KPAY NewsTalk 1290 AM during their entire time. Area broadcaster Rory Miller was the "voice" of the team on the radio for the entire time. Miller also was the broadcaster for the second team on The Edge 101.7 FM. He broadcast with KPAY's Mike Baca.

On January 11, 2019, Heat founder and majority owner Steve Nettleton died at age 79. He had Parkinson's Disease.


Dimpal Kumari Jha

Dimpal Kumari Jha (; 12 July 1979 – 24 April 2022) was a Nepalese politician. She was a member of the Provincial Assembly of Province No. 2. She was nominated as a Proportional representation member to participate in the Provincial Assembly of Province No. 2. She was a member of the Rastriya Janata Party Nepal.

She also was a member of the 2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly.

Jha died on 24 April 2022 of colon cancer, aged 42.

Josep Massot

Josep Massot i Muntaner (3 November 1941 – 24 April 2022) was a Spanish historian, Roman Catholic monk and philologist.

Massot was a member of the Reial Acadèmia de Bones Lletres de Barcelona, elected in 2002. He won the National Prize for Popular Culture in 1997. Massot was also honored with the Premi d'Honor de les Lletres Catalanes in 2012.

Massot died on 24 April 2022, at the age of 80.

Ursula Lehr

Ursula Lehr (5 June 1930 – 25 April 2022) was a German academic, age researcher and politician. She was federal minister of youth, family, women and health from 1989 to 1990. She was also a member of the Bundestag from 1990 until 1991. Lehr was a member of the Christian Democratic Union. Lehr was born in Frankfurt, Germany.

Lehr died on 25 April 2022 in Bonn, Germany at the age of 91.

Hossein Mollaghasemi

Seyed Hossein Ebrahimian (also Mollaghasemi, , 15 March 1933 – 25 April 2022) was an Iranian wrestler. He won a silver medal at the 1957 World Championships. He then changed to Greco-Roman wrestling and placed fifth-sixth at the world championships in 1961–62. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and shared sixth place in 1960. Mollaghasemi was born in Tehran, Iran.

Mollaghasemi died on 25 April 2022 in Amsterdam, Netherlands at the age of 89.

Henny Vrienten

Henny Vrienten (27 July 1948 – 25 April 2022) was a Dutch musician. He was best known as the singer and bassist of the popular 1980s ska pop band Doe Maar. He also composed television and movie scores. Vrienten was born in Hilvarenbeek, Netherlands.

Vrienten died on 25 April 2022 from a short-illness at the age of 73.











Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery

Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery is a 2022 American mystery movie written and directed by Rian Johnson. It is produced by Johnson and Ram Bergman for T-Street Productions. It is a sequel to "Knives Out" (2019). 

Daniel Craig plays his role as Benoit Blanc, a detective taking on a new murder case. The movie also stars Dave Bautista, Edward Norton, Janelle Monáe, Kathryn Hahn, Leslie Odom Jr., Kate Hudson, Madelyn Cline, Jessica Henwick, and Ethan Hawke.

"Glass Onion" had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2022, and is scheduled to have a one-week limited theatrical release on November 23, 2022, before its streaming release on December 23, 2022 by Netflix. It received positive reviews from critics.

Deidre Downs

Deidre Downs Gunn (born July 7, 1980) is former Miss America winner and fertility specialist. Deidre Downs Gunn is a UAB obstetrician-gynecologist and a Chief resident physician at Alabama Medical center. Deidre Downs Gunn was Miss America in 2005, and Miss Alabama in 2004. is the first title winner who is in a same sex marriage.Her and her now wife met back in 2017 and in 2021 had their first baby together. During the pregnancy, Deidre preformed IVF transfers on her wife Abbott downs.

Geological history of Earth

Earth's geological history is a period of time since the Earth's formation to the present day. It is divided into eons, eras and periods. These periods of time are usually determined via rocks or rock layers.

Islamic City Council of Mashhad

The Islamic City Council of Mashhad () is the council for the city of Mashhad.

School of the Air

In some places, very few children are in a large area. These people usually live far apart. If there are settlements, they are also far apart. In most places of the world, children of a certain age need to go to school. School of the Air is a phrase which describes children being taught using radio, or other technologies. The children do not need to travel, they stay at home. The phrase was first used for a kind of distance learning, which is targeted at chldren going to primary or secondary schools. It was first used in remote areas of Australia, especially the outback. In these areas, people live too far apart, and there are too few school-age children to run a normal school in a village.

Around 1929, Alfred Traeger invented a radio that could be run by human power, it was called the pedal radio. With Adelaide Miethke, who was a teacher, they made up a programme for schools, which also used the radio communication services of the Royal Flying Doctor Service. These were important milestones that helped develop the School of the Air.

The first School of the Air lessons were officially sent from the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Alice Springs on 8 June 1951. The service celebrated its 50th jubilee on 9 May 2001, ahead of the real jubilee on 8 June; and its 70th year on 8 June 2021. Each state of Australia that uses this means of training has well-documented checks and overviews of the service.

There are School of the Air programmes in all states except Tasmania.

School classes were conducted via shortwave radio from 2003 until 2009. After 2009, most schools switched to wireless internet technologies: The lessons include live one-way video feeds and clear two-way audio.

Each student has direct contact with a teacher in an inland town such as Broken Hill, Alice Springs or Meekatharra. Each student typically spends one hour per day receiving group or individual lessons from the teacher. The rest of the day, the students spend working through the assigned materials with a parent, older sibling or a hired home-stay tutor.

Originally the students got their course materials and returned their written work and projects to their hub centre using either the Royal Flying Doctor Service or post office services. However the extension of Internet services into the outback now allows for more rapid review of each child's homework.

The children using this kind of training are living far away from other people. Very often, the School of the Air is their first chance to get to know other children who are not part of their family. Three or four times a year, the children travel to the school, where they spend a week with their teacher and classmates.

Studies have shown that in most cases, this kind of schooling has the same quality as traditional methods of schooling; in some cases it was even better than the traditional methods.

In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, the School of the Air was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as an iconic "innovation and invention".

Schools of the Air operate from:







Ronald R. Van Stockum

Ronald Reginald Van Stockum (July 8, 1916 – April 24, 2022) was a United States Marine Corps brigadier general. He took part in Bougainville, Guam and Iwo Jima campaigns. He was director, Marine Corps Reserve and later as commanding general, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific (Forward) on Okinawa during the Vietnam War.

Van Stockum turned 100 in July 2016. He died in Shelby County, Kentucky on April 24, 2022, at the age of 105.

Scinax altae

Scinax altae is a frog that lives in Panama. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

Hviezdoslavovo námestie (Bratislava)

Hviezdoslavovo námestie () is a town square in Bratislava, Slovakia.

Robert Golob

Robert Golob (born 23 January 1967) is a Slovenian businessman and politician who is the Prime Minister of Slovenia since 2022. Before becoming a politician, he was an environmental businessman and co-founded GEN-I.

Golob went to University of Ljubljana in 1994. After his studies, he was a post-doctoral Fulbright scholar in the United States at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta.

In 2004, Golob co-founded an energy trading company GEN-I, where he was chairman until 2021.

Between May 1999 and June 2000, Golob was the State Secretary at the Ministry of Economic Affairs. In 2002, he was elected to the City Council of Nova Gorica.

In January 2022, he ran for the president of a non-parliamentary green party Z.Dej. The party won the most votes and seats of any party in the 2022 parliamentary election in April. Two months later on 1 June 2022, he became the Prime Minister.

Ken Paxton

Warren Kenneth Paxton Jr. (born December 23, 1962) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the Attorney General of Texas since January 2015. He was Texas State Senator for the 8th district and the Texas State Representative for the 70th district. 

Paxton has been under indictment since 2015 on state securities fraud charges. He has pleaded not guilty. In October 2020, many public officials accused him of bribery.

After Joe Biden won the 2020 presidential election and Donald Trump did not accept losing while making false claims of election fraud, Paxton help Trump in his efforts to overturn the result. He filled the unsuccessful "Texas v. Pennsylvania" case in the Supreme Court. He spoke at the rally Trump held on January 6, 2021, that happened shortly before the 2021 United States Capitol attack.

Ferdinand III of Habsburg

Ferdinand III (baptised as Ferdinand Ernest; 13 July 1608 in Graz – 2 April 1657 in Vienna) was Archduke of Austria from 1621, King of Hungary from 1625, King of Croatia and Bohemia from 1627 and Holy Roman Emperor from 1637 to 1657.

Ferdinand was born in Graz and grew up in Carinthia, he is the third son of Emperor Ferdinand II of Habsburg. He received education and training from the Jesuits. After the deaths of his brothers Karl (1603) and Johann Karl (1619), he became the successor of his father.

Attempts to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election

The attempts to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election was a political scheme made by then President Donald Trump, who lost the 2020 U.S. presidential election to his Democratic opponent Joe Biden, the former U.S. vice president. 

Trump did not accept his defeat and claimed the election was rigged and had voter fraud. This was an effort to overturn the election, with support and assistance from his campaign, proxies, political allies, and many of his supporters. 

Many unsuccessful lawsuits were filed to change the election results in Pennsylvania, Georgia, Nevada, Arizona, Wisconsin and Michigan. Efforts to change the election results caused the 2021 United States Capitol attack, which was widely described as an attempted coup d'état.

Trump and his allies called the election a "big lie" based on false claims and conspiracy theories claiming that the election was stolen by rigged voting machines, electoral fraud and an international communist conspiracy. Trump, The Proud Boys and QAnon spread fake information on social media saying the election was rigged and stolen.

These allegations were not proven and were tossed out by many state and federal judges, election officials, governors, and government agencies. On December 1, 2020, U.S. Attorney General William Barr said U.S. attorneys and FBI agents had investigated complaints and allegations of fraud, but found none of significance. Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe said no evidence had been found of other countries trying to hack the election. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Director Chris Krebs called the election "the most secure in American history", which caused Trump to fire him. Trump attorney Joseph diGenova wanted Krebs to be executed.

Many elected Republicans, including members of Congress and governors, did not want to say that Biden won the election fairly. Many of Trump's supporters would protest the election results by chanting "Stop the Steal". Emily Murphy, the administrator of the General Services Administration, delayed the start of the presidential transition until sixteen days after most media outlets had called Biden the winner. Former Trump National Security Advisor Michael Flynn wanted Trump to suspend the United States Constitution, force martial law, silence the press, and hold a new election under military supervision.

A small group of Trump supporters, including Trump's chief of staff, Mark Meadows and several Republican lawmakers from the House Freedom Caucus, tried to keep Trump in power. They wanted state legislatures to force a Trump win and change the electoral vote certification at the Capitol for favor Trump. Trump and his allies wanted state officials to throw out legally cast ballots, challenge vote-certification processes, and overturn certified election results. In an early January 2021 phone call, he wanted the Georgia secretary of state to "find" the 11,780 votes needed to win his victory in the state. He also wanted Georgia Governor Brian Kemp to create a special session of the legislature to overturn Biden's certified victory in the state. He wanted the Pennsylvania state government to do the same. Trump asked 300 Republican state legislators to look for ways to reverse the election results in their states.

Trump wanted Justice Department leaders to challenge the election results and publicly state the election was corrupt. His legal team wanted a path to bring a case before the United States Supreme Court, but none of the 63 lawsuits they filed were successful. Many of these lawyers hoped that the "Texas v. Pennsylvania" would work, but on December 11, 2020, the Supreme Court said they would not hear that case.

After the failure of "Texas", Trump thought about a military intervention, taking voting machines and another appeal to the Supreme Court, as well as challenging the congressional counting of the electoral votes on January 6, 2021.

By December 30, 2020, many Republican members of the House and Senate said they would try to force both chambers to debate whether to certify the Electoral College results. Mike Pence, who as vice president would be in charge over the proceedings. He supported this by saying on January 4, "I promise you, come this Wednesday, we will have our day in Congress." Trump and some supporters promoted a false "Pence card" theory that, even if Congress were to certify the results, the vice president would have the power to reject them.

On the day of the electoral certification, supporters of Trump, attacked the United States Capitol to try to overturn the election, with some calling it an attempted coup d'état. One week later, Trump was impeached a second time for incitement of insurrection but was acquitted by the Senate. Depending on the findings of the House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack, which is expected to release its report in 2022, the U.S. Department of Justice may decide to investigate whether Trump committed a crime.

After the vote certification, some Republicans changed their opinion to say Biden won the election. However, some continued to support Trump's claims. , Trump has publicly continued to insist that the election was stolen. Although Trump has said he lost the election to a group of historians in , saying, "We had a deal all set [until the election was lost and] the deal went away." Trump supporters continue attempts to overturn the results, pushing for state legislature resolutions and new lawsuits.

Snout-vent length

Snout–vent length (SVL) is the length of an animal's body. It is measured from the tip of its snout to its rear end. The snout is the part of the face at the front. Snout-vent length does not count the tail or any teeth or tusks.

So, in a frog, it is the length of the frog's body but not the frog's legs. For turtles, scientists use carapace length (CL, the length of the shell) and plastral length (PL) instead.

The SVL can change depending on whether the animal is alive, dead, moving, or still. It can change if scientists have used chemicals to stop its dead body from rotting. Scientists also use snout-vent length on fossils. With fossils, they use osteological correlate, which is a way the bone can match the rest of the body. Precaudal length is one osteological correlate. A scientist can look at the animal's SVL, weight, and body and may be able to tell if it is male or female or how old it is.

Scientists use snout-vent length instead of the animal's whole body length because it does not change much. In some animals, young ones do not have tails or do not have large tails.

The scientist or other person can measure snout-vent length with dial calipers or digital calipers.

The scientist can use other tools to hold the animal still. For example, snake tubes, "Mander Mashers," or a "Salamander Stick."

The term is useful for mammals. It's not so useful for animals where the tail is an important part of the body. For example, fish have tails that are parts of their bodies. But horses and elephants use their tails to hit flies but not much else. Dinosaurs that walk on two legs are a good example too. It took a long time for dinosaur scientists to understand this. Snake tails go far past their vent. 


United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack

The U.S. House Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol is a select committee of the U.S. House of Representatives to investigate the attack on the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021. The attack, inspired by President Donald Trump's false claim of a stolen election, was an attempt to overturn the 2020 election results, in which Trump lost to Democrat Joe Biden.

The committee was formed through a party-line vote on July 1, 2021 with Democrats supporting it and a majority of Republicans going against it. Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger were the only two House Republicans to be on the committee, and the Republican National Committee eventually censured them for their participation.

The investigation started with public hearings on July 27, when four police officers testified. By March 2022, the committee had interviewed nearly 700 people. Steve Bannon, Mark Meadows, Peter Navarro, and Dan Scavino have been held in criminal contempt of Congress for refusing to testify; Bannon was indicted by a federal grand jury. Other members of Trump's inner circle are working with the committee.

The committee has argued that Trump knew he did not win the election and was committing fraud, and it may recommend that the U.S. Department of Justice open a criminal investigation into Trump's responsibility for the attack on the Capitol. However, the Justice Department already has its own inquiries and investigations, the committee may instead focus on creating its final report.

South Wilts Grammar School

South Wilts Grammar School and formerly was South Wilts Grammar School for Girls, is a Grammar school in Salisbury, south Wiltshire, for pupils aged between 11 to 18 it's Established in 1927, the school converted to an academy in 2011.

Texas v. Pennsylvania

Texas v. Pennsylvania, 592 U.S. ___ (2020), was a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court saying that the 2020 presidential election in certain states were rigged and that Joe Biden did not beat President Donald Trump. This was one of the many attempts by Trump to overturn the election results.

The case was filed by Texas State Attorney General Ken Paxton on December 8, 2020. "Texas v. Pennsylvania" said that Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin violated the United States Constitution by changing election rules through non-legislative means. Three days later, the United States Supreme Court said they will not hear the case thus ending the lawsuit.

This case was filed by Trump supporters to stop the certified vote count from these four states before the Electoral College vote on December 14. The suit was filed after about 90 lawsuits from disputes over the election results filed by Trump and the Republican Party had failed in many state and federal courts.

The suit had been created by a team of lawyers with ties to the Trump presidential campaign. Paxton agreed to file the case after other state attorneys general declined to do so. The Solicitor General of Texas Kyle D. Hawkins did not support the suit and refused to let his name be added.

Within one day of Texas's filing, Trump, over 100 Republican Representatives, and 18 Republican state attorneys general filed motions to support the case. Trump called this case as "the big one" of the election-challenging lawsuits. Many who were against this case urged the Court to refuse the case, with Pennsylvania's brief calling it a "seditious abuse of the judicial process". Many legal experts did not believe this case would be successful to Trump.

The Supreme Court said on December 11, 2020 that they would not hear the case because there was no "legal standing" to challenge the results of the election held by another state.

Big lie

The big lie () is a lie of the truth, used as a propaganda technique. The German expression was created by Adolf Hitler, when he wrote his 1925 book "Mein Kampf", to describe the use of a lie so big that no one would believe it. 

Voting machine

A voting machine is a machine used to record votes without paper. The first voting machines were mechanical but it is increasingly more common to use electronic voting machines. Voting machines should not be confused with tabulating machines, which count votes done by paper ballot.

Bogor

Bogor (, ) is a city in West Java, Indonesia. It is south of Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia. More than 1 million people live in it. 

Bogor was the capital of the Sunda Kingdom. It was called or . It was also the summer residence of the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies.

Because it often rains in Bogor, the city is called (English: "Rain City")

Oldsmobile Toronado

The Oldsmobile Toronado is a Personal luxury vehicle manufactured and sold by Oldsmobile, over three generations between 1966 and 1992, historically the first Front-wheel drive vehicle in the US since Cord's demise in 1937.

In 1966, due to its design, it would gain publicity from the division and win the Motor Trend's Award for Car of the Year.


Buffy Sainte-Marie

Buffy Sainte-Marie, (born Beverly Jean Santamaria; February 20, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and social activist. Her best known songs were "Universal Soldier", "Until It's Time for You to Go", "Now That the Buffalo's Gone", and her covers of Mickey Newbury's "Mister Can't You See" and Joni Mitchell's "The Circle Game".

Her song "Up Where We Belong" won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 55th Academy Awards and the Golden Globe for Best Original Song.

Remembrance poppy

The remembrance poppy is an artificial flower worn in some countries to honor their military personnel who died in war. Veterans' associations give out poppies for charitable donations used to give financial, social and emotional support to members and veterans of the armed forces.

They were inspired by the war poem "In Flanders Fields". They were first used near the end of World War I to honor British Empire and United States military deaths of the war.

Ioana Ciută

Ioana Ciută is a Romanian environmental activist and journalist. She lives in Bucharest. She works as the Energy Campaigns Coordinator of the CEE Bankwatch Network. It is a global network operating in Central and Eastern Europe. It is one of the largest networks of environmental NGOs in that country.

Ciută joined Bankwatch in 2014 as coordinator of the "Balkan Without Coal" campaign. It was preventing the construction of new coal mines in the Western Balkans. Ciută covered nuclear energy development in Romania and Bulgaria. It was before joining Bankwatch. She followed international negotiations on global warming. She holds a degree in journalism. However, her environmental activism long preceded her journalistic work.

Ioana Ciută builds a close relationship with her groups of members as well as project partners from different countries including Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Macedonia. She supported them to the national campaigns. Besides, she also supported them for stricter environmental regional policies.


RCN Televisión

RCN Televisión, also known as Canal RCN (Radio Cadena Nacional) is a Colombian television network, which began operations on March 23, 1967, is known for having broadcast "Yo soy Betty, la fea". one of the most successful Colombian telenovelas.


Josefa Tauli

| years_active = 2018-present
| agent = 
Josefa Cariño Tauli (Sefa Tauli) is a Filipino indigenous people's rights activist. She is
an Ibaloi-Kankanaey Igorot indigenous youth from the Cordillera, Philippines. She is policy co-coordinator and a member of the Steering Committee of the Global Youth Biodiversity Network (GYBN). The network is the international coordination platform for youth participation in the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD).

Josefa Cariño Tauli is an advocate for meaningful youth participation and indigenous peoples' rights. Since 2018, she has contributed to the Global Youth Biodiversity Network's participation in global biodiversity policy processes, such as the development of the post-2020 Global Biodiversity Framework. She is also an honorary member of the ICCA Consortium, an international association dedicated to promoting the appropriate recognition of and support for territories and areas conserved by indigenous peoples and local communities.

In the year 2020, Josefa Tauli was part of the Fall 2020 Cohort of National Geographic Young Explorers.


Raising Arizona

Raising Arizona is a 1987 American black comedy crime movie directed by Coen brothers. It stars Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, Trey Wilson, William Forsythe, John Goodman, Sam McMurray, Frances McDormand, Randall "Tex" Cobb and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Under Fire (1983 movie)

Under Fire is a 1983 American Mexican thriller movie directed by Roger Spottiswoode and starring Nick Nolte, Gene Hackman, Joanna Cassidy, Ed Harris, Richard Masur, Hamilton Camp, René Enríquez. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Scinax garbei

The Eirunepe snouted tree frog ("Scinax garbei") is a frog that lives in Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 42 to 46 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 48 mm. They are brown or light brown with darker brown marks on the back. They have green color on parts of their legs. They belly is white.

This frog lives in trees and looks for food at night.

Pluto's Christmas Tree

Pluto's Christmas Tree is a 1952 Mickey Mouse cartoon in which Pluto and Mickey cut down a Christmas tree that Chip n' Dale live in. It was the 125th short in the "Mickey Mouse" movie series to be released, and the second for that year. 






Boat Builders (movie)

Boat Builders is an animated short movie produced by Walt Disney. It was released on February 25, 1938. The film was directed by Ben Sharpsteen and animated by Frenchy de Trémaudan, Louie Schmittt, Chuck Couch, Eddie Strickland, Clyde Geronimi, Paul Satterfield, Archie Robin, Don Patterson. It was the 99th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.





Brewster's Millions (1921 movie)

Brewster's Millions is a 1921 American comedy movie directed by Joseph Henabery and is the second adaption of the 1902 novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon and the 1906 play of the same name. It stars Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Betty Ross Clarke, Fred Huntley, Marian Skinner, James Corrigan, Jean Acker, Neely Edwards and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.

NTN24

NTN24 (acronym for Nuestra Tele Noticias 24) is a Colombian free-to-air (only on digital terrestrial television) and cable television news channel, owned by Grupo RCN and operated by RCN Televisión.

NTN24 was launched on 3 November 2008 with journalist Claudia Gurisatti appointed as the channel's first editorial director. Its main headquarters are in Bogotá, Colombia.


Mask of Desire

Mask of Desire (; "Mukundo") is a 2000 Nepalese Japanese drama movie directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa and starring Mithila Sharma, Gauri Malla, Ratan Subedi.

Mason Ramsey

Mason Ramsey (born c. 2006 or 2007) is an American singer and guitarist. He became known for singing Lovesick Blues in a Walmart in Golconda, Illinois on March 24, 2018. He released his debut single in 2018 titled "Famous".

In 2019, he announced he was going on a break from singing. He now plays basketball under the name Mason Blake.

In 2022, Ramsey revealed he is working at a Subway.

Joannah Stutchbury

Joannah Stutchbury was a Kenyan land and environmental rights defender (LED) activist. She was the one of the leading conservationists of the environment of Kenyan forests. She was remembered for her dedicated efforts to protect Kiambu forest from encroachment. She helped a lot to the Kenya Forest Service during her lifetime. She raised her voice against the destruction of the Kiambu forests. She was shot multiple times and was killed on 15 July 2021. She died at the age of 67. Joannah was the great-niece of .

Joannah Stutchbury was campaigning against the developer businessmen encroaching on the Kiambu Forest near Nairobi. She had spoken out against land-grabbers and famous private developers. In 2018, she hit the headlines when she single-handedly confronted those developers. The developers were felling trees in the Kiambu Forests. Due to her intense activism, Stutchbury was threatened to be killed many times. However, she received no protection from police. She was told by unknown people that they would kill her if she continued intervening and destroying their plans. They warned her not to stop them in constructing a roadway through the forest.

On 15 July 2021, Joannah Stutchbury was shot dead near her home in Kenya, because of her campaign against the development of wetlands in a national park. On the day of the incident, she stopped her car to clear branches blocking her driveway. Then, suddenly, she was shot several times. Later, her neighbours found her body in her car. Her car engine was still running. Surprisingly, her valuables were still in the vehicle. From that, it was confirmed that the attack was not a robbery. Stutchbury had raised her voice against the local businessmen, against the encroachment and building up of structures on the nearby Kiambu Forest. Before the incident, she had received multiple death threats, but nevertheless continued to stand for the environment until her death.
According to a report from "Permaculture", Joannah Stutchbury was shot four times during her murder. The World Forest Organisation petitioned to the President of Kenya, to protect an area of the forest at national level, in honour of Joannah.


Stavropol Krai

Stavropol Krai (Russian: Ставропо́льский край) is a federal subject (a krai) of Russia. It is in the North Caucasus region in Southern Russia, and is part of the North Caucasian Federal District. Stavropol Krai has a population of 2,786,281. The administrative center is the city of Stavropol.

Russian America

Russian America (), was a colonial possession of the Russian Empire in North America between 1799 and 1867, in the current State of Alaska, also included some fortifications, such as Fort Ross in California and four other forts (including Russian Fort Elizabeth) located in Hawaii, its capital would be Novo-Arkhangelsk (current Sitka), this colony would be monopolized by the Russian-American Company and the arrival of the Russian Orthodox Church. 

This territory prospered due to the fur trade even though it would decline due to logistical difficulties and many settlements would be abandoned in the 1860s, it was finally sold to the United States in 1867 for $7.2 Millions ($120 Millions today)


Lipaksaïs, Arpaksaïs and Kolaksaïs

In Greek mythology, Lipaksaïs, Arpaksaïs and Kolaksaïs are the three mythical kings of the Scythians. Their names indicate a tripartite division of Scythian mythology, a feature which is also seen in Turkic mythology in the agricultural context of the Oghuz progenitor. Herodotus writes that during their reign one day four golden objects fell from the sky, a plow, a yoke, an axe and a bowl. 

Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué

| years_active = 
Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué (1985-2021) was a Colombian indigenous people rights activist and defender. 

She was the authority of the Nasa people (Paez people) of Colombia. She was the governor of the indigenous reserve “La Laguna-Siberia SAT Tama kiwe” in Cauca. Being a community leader at a very young age, she was appointed the Education Programme Policy Coordinator of the Reserve. While serving as the governor, she cleared up the reserve from the illegal crops.

On 20 April 2021, Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué was shot dead by 4 unknown men. These unknown men forcibly kidnapped her from her home in the indigenous reserve of “La Laguna-Siberia” in Caldono, Cauca. Later, they brought her somewhere and killed her.

Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué worked for the protection of the autonomy and the ancestral culture of the Nasa Indigenous Peoples in Colombia. She worked for the recognition of the role of women in the indigenous reserve. She protected the territory by facing dead threats and pressures from armed forces. The powerful people wanted to expand the illegal crops, illegal mining and actions that impacted Nasa collective and territorial rights and culture. She dedicated herself to create peace in the Nasa people's territories. She was upholding the rights of the indigenous peoples.

On 20 April 2021, Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué was preparing for a meeting with officials from the Colombian government in the city of Popayán. It was when her home was broken into by the gangs. Then, she was attacked by the 4 unknown men holding weapons. According to a report from the "Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca" (CRIC), before she was killed, she had spoken out against the increase in the cultivation of illegal crops in the reserved place. As a result of her speech, she was threatened by the illegal groups. Those groups exercised control over the territory of the Department of Cauca. She even reported about the threats to the authorities.


Peter Tobin

Peter Britton Tobin (born 27 August 1946 died 8 October 2022) is a Scottish convicted serial killer and sex offender. He is serving a life sentence at HM Prison Edinburgh for three murders committed between 1991 and 2006. Police believe Tobin is responsible for other deaths of young women and girls.

In January 2022, Tobin was hospitalised after collapsing, but was returned to prison after less than two days. He was taken to hospital again in March 2022, before being released two days later.

White-throated needletail

The white-throated needletail ("Hirundapus caudacutus"), also known as needle-tailed swift or spine-tailed swift, is a large swift in the genus Hirundapus. It can reach speeds of up to 170 km/h (105 mph) in flight.

They build their nests in rock areas in cliffs or hollow trees. They do not like to sit on the ground and spend most of their time in the air. They feed on small, flying insects like beetles, flies, bees and moths.

Freddy Hall

Frederick Michael George Hall (3 March 1985 – 24 April 2022) was a Bermudian professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made ten appearances for the Bermuda national football team between 2011 and 2015.

On 24 April 2022, Hall was killed in a car crash in St. George's, Bermuda at the age of 37.

Günter Guillaume

Günter Guillaume (1 February 1927 – 10 April 1995) was a German spy. His job was to get information as an agent for East Germany's secret service, the Stasi, in West Germany. Guillaume became West German chancellor Willy Brandt's secretary, and his discovery as a spy in 1973 led to Brandt's resignation as chancellor in what became known as the Guillaume affair.

Willa Cather

Willa Sibert Cather (; born Wilella Sibert Cather; December 7, 1873 – April 24, 1947) was an American writer. She was known for her novels of life on the Great Plains. Her best known works were "O Pioneers!", "The Song of the Lark", and "My Ántonia". In 1923, she was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for "One of Ours".

Many people believed Cather was a lesbian.

Cather, who had terminal breast cancer, died in New York City on April 24, 1947 from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 73.



Gore, Virginia

Gore is an unincorporated community in western Frederick County, Virginia, United States. It is west of Winchester. It has been called "Back Creek".

Nicktoons MLB

Nicktoons MLB is a baseball game for Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo DS, and Nintendo 3DS.

SiriusXM Hits 1

Sirius XM Hits 1 is a Top 40 radio station on Sirius XM Radio channel 2 and Dish Network channels 6002 and 099-02 (099-02 is only for Hopper users). Like most Sirius XM stations, it plays no commercials. The channel was formerly known as US-1 until 2004. The name is a take-off of VH1, whose name was originally an abbreviation of "Video Hits 1". Vh1 Satellite Radio once existed on XM but the channel was discontinued prior to the merger.

KDWB-FM

KDWB-FM (101.3 FM) is an American commercial radio station broadcasting in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota, licensed to suburban Richfield. KDWB's radio format is Top 40/CHR. Its transmitter is located in Shoreview, while its studios are in St. Louis Park. The station is owned by iHeartMedia.

Old Town, Bratislava

Staré Mesto () is the historic centre and one of the boroughs of Bratislava, the capital city of Slovakia. 

Martin Luther King III

Martin Luther King III (born October 23, 1957) is an American human rights activist and philanthropist. He is the oldest son and oldest living child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King.

King was the 4th President of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference from 1997 to 2004.

Golden angle

In Geometry, the golden angle is the smaller of the two angles created by sectioning the circumference of a circle according to the golden ratio into two arcs.

according to algebra, let "a+b" be the circumference of a circle, divided into a longer arc of length "a" and a smaller arc of length "b" such that:

The golden angle is then the angle subtended by the smaller arc of length "b".

Wendy Rogers (politician)

Wendy Rogers (born July 24, 1954) is an American far-right politician. She is a member of the Arizona State Senate from the 6th legislative district since 2021. 

She is a supporter of Donald Trump.

Since her election, Rogers has been a controversial person, supporting white nationalists and appearing on TruNews. Rogers is a member of the Oath Keepers, an anti-government militia whose members took part in the 2021 U.S. Capitol attack. 

In March 2022, the Republican-controlled Arizona Senate censured her.

Christopher Luxon

Christopher Mark Luxon (born 19 July 1970) is a New Zealand politician and businessman. He is the Prime Minister of New Zealand since 27 November 2023. He is the leader of the New Zealand National Party since 2021. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Botany electorate since 2020. He was the chief executive officer of Air New Zealand from 2012 to 2019.

Debbie Ngarewa-Packer

Debbie Anne Ngarewa-Packer is a New Zealand politician. She is a Member of Parliament and co-leader of the Māori Party, and is the leader and chief executive of the Ngāti Ruanui iwi.

Karen (slang)

Karen is a disparaging term for a white woman who is seen as entitled, privileged, or wanting something that is beyond normal. The term is often seen in memes about white women who some say use their white privilege to get something their own way. 

Stereotypes used by ‘Karens’ are wanting to “speak to the manager“, being racist, or having a bob cut hairstyle. 

The term has been seen as ageist, sexist, racist, classist, misogynistic and seeking to control women’s behavior. As of 2020, the term appeared largely in media and social media as a criticism of middle class white women, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic and Black Lives Matter protests.

Bob cut

A bob cut, also known as a bob, is a short to medium length haircut, in which the hair is usually cut straight around the head at about where the jaw is, but no longer than shoulder-length. It usually has bangs at the front. The standard bob cut shows the back of the neck and keeps all of the hair above the shoulders.

Hairdressers in the 1920s, whose training was mainly in arranging and curling long hair, did not realize that short hairstyles for women had become popular, and many barbers in many cities found lines of women outside their shops, waiting to have short bob cuts.

Danai Gurira

Danai Jekesai Gurira (; born February 14, 1978) is an American actress and playwright. She is best known for her starring roles as Michonne on the AMC horror drama series "The Walking Dead" (2012–2020) and as Okoye in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero movies. She also wrote the Broadway play "Eclipsed", for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Play. Gurira has won three Saturn Awards during her career.

Gurira identifies as a Zimbabwean-American. She speaks four languages: French, Shona, basic Xhosa, and English.

Taihoku Imperial University

Taihoku Imperial University is a university in Taipei. It was founded on March 16, 1928. At the time Japan controlled Taiwan. It was renamed National Taiwan University (NTU). After Japan lost the war, the Republic of China took over and made part of it the National Chung Hsing University.

Funland, Rehoboth Beach

Funland (Rehoboth Beach) is a family owned amusement park in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware. It has 19 rides. There are also family style games and an arcade. The park is off the Rehoboth Beach boardwalk. It opened in 1939 as The Rehoboth Beach Sports Center. It was purchased by the Faschnacht family in 1962., They changed the name to Funland. In 2023, it is owned and run by the Faschnacht family. Funland has some rides that were there when it was purchased. The two oldest rides are The Boats and The Fire Engines. Both of them were likely opened in 1946 or 1947. The park is known for its cheaply priced tickets and its Haunted Mansion ride. It is the only amusement park in the state of Delaware. Funland opened for its 61st season on May 7, 2022.

Before the name was changed to Funland in 1962, the park was known as The Rehoboth Beach Sports Center. It was owned by the Dentino family. On March 6, 1962, nine days before the sale was final, the Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962 started. The storm lasted three days. The Rehoboth Beach Sports Center was one of the few business that were not destroyed by the storm. It was damaged but the Faschnacht family decided they still wanted buy it. Funland gets between 250,000 and 350,000 visitors each year.

Funland has 19 rides. It also has a play area for children. Five of the nineteen rides were there when Funland was bought. These rides are the Merry Go Round, Boats, Fire Engines, Sky Fighters, and Helicopters.<ref name=":42">

Scinax dolloi

Werner's Brazilian tree frog ("Scinax dolloi") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, in the Mantiqueira Range.

Back Home and Broke

Back Home and Broke is a 1922 American silent comedy movie directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Thomas Meighan, Lila Lee, Frederick Burton, Cyril Ring, Larry Wheat, Eddie Borden, Maude Turner Gordon. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a lost movie.


Ebb Tide (1922 movie)

Ebb Tide is a 1922 American silent adventure movie directed by George Melford and is the adaption of the 1894 novel of the same name by Robert Louis Stevenson. It stars Lila Lee, James Kirkwood, Raymond Hatton, George Fawcett, Noah Beery, Jacqueline Logan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Sonia Manzano

Sonia Manzano (born 1950) is an American actress, best known for playing Maria in "Sesame Street".

Zeteny Jano

Zeteny Jano (born 13 March 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in Hungary with Soproni VSE and SC Sopron. 2018 he went to SC Lichtenwörth and in the same year to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in all three teams.

In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he came in for Luka Reischl in minute 74 versus SKN St. Pölten. He also played five matches for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22. In July 2023 he received a contract with Red Bull Salzburg until 2027. He stayed with the farm team.

Jano made his debut in September 2021 against Denmark for the Austrian U-17 team. In September 2022 he made his debut versus Sweden for the U-18 team.

Senyera

The Senyera is a vexillological symbol based on the coat of arms of the Crown of Aragon. This coat of arms is usually called "bars of Aragon."

Marcell Berki

Marcell Berki (born 14 June 2004) is a Hungarian professional footballer. He plays as forward for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in Hungary with Videoton FC. 2019 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in all three teams.

In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he came in for Oumar Diakité in minute 74 versus SKN St. Pölten. He also played three matches for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 season.

In July 2022 he received a professional contract with Red Bull Salzburg that ran until June 2026. 
He played for the Hungarian U16 team.

Aida Quilcué

| years_active = 
| agent = 
| notable_works = 
Aída Marina Quilcué Vivas (born in Páez , Cauca) is a Colombian politician, indigenous leader and social leader of the Nasa people. She belongs to the "Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca" (CRIC). She had been a UNESCO human rights and peace advisor. In 2022, she was elected to be the Senate of the "Republic by the Special Indigenous Constituency". Her party, the Alternative Indigenous and Social Movement (MAIS), was given assurance.

In the 1990s, she was a health promoter for the Cauca Indigenous Association (AIC).
In 2000, she was coordinator of the health program at the AIC and at the Regional Indigenous Council of Huila (CRIHU).

Between 2003 and 2009, she was appointed Senior Counselor of the Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca (CRIC). She was one of the organizers of the 2008 Indigenous Minga. In the event, thousands of indigenous people marched to the city of Bogotá in protest. Her husband, Edwin Legarda, died on December 16 in a hospital in Popayán after receiving three rifle shots. Her husband was fired by soldiers on the highway connecting Inzá with Totoró, in the department of Cauca . During the trial and in the following years, Quilcué and her daughter have been victims of death threats and attacks.

In 2021, she was the winner of the National Award for the Defense of Human Rights in Colombia. It was in the category "Defense for a Whole Life".

Joseph Pitton de Tournefort

Joseph Pitton de Tournefort (5 June 1656 – 28 December 1708) was a French botanist. He is notable as the first to make a clear definition of the concept of genus for plants. Botanist Charles Plumier was his pupil and accompanied him on his travels. He also said that fungi were plants. Today, they are a class of their own. They are different from plants and animals.

Groovin' Blocks

Groovin' Blocks is a puzzle video game made by Empty Clip Studios. It was released for the Wii in North America on September 8, 2008 as WiiWare and August 11, 2009 on a disc with more content, iOS on October 24, 2009 and the PlayStation 3 on PlayStation Network on March 18, 2010.

Falling blocks are moved. Blocks disappear if three or more of the same color are next to each other, like in "Columns" and "Lumines". Doing it at the same time as the downbeats (named "Superbeats") of the game's electronica soundtrack can multiply the score.

Stars are earned by setting high scores, and are used to unlock songs and power-ups. Unlike most puzzle games, stages end when the song ends.

Two players can play in competitive and co-operative modes. A colorblind option uses shapes instead of colors for the blocks.

"Groovin' Blocks" got mixed reviews when it was released. The Wii version is considered a little better than the PlayStation 3 version, with 75/100 from 13 reviews compared to 68/100 from 6 reviews on Metacritic, and 75.46% with 13 reviews compared to 75.17% with 6 reviews on GameRankings.

IGN said the Wii version of "Groovin' Blocks" is a a fun "one trick pony" and a "pretty impressive" first effort from the developers, giving it a 7.6/10. Siliconera said it is "a deceptively addictive, fun little gem" that is "a great hybrid of the puzzle and music genres".

Pressure cooker bomb

A presure cooker bomb is an improvised explosive device that is obtained by inserting explosives into a pressure cooker. A detonator is also attached to the pressure cooker.

Hannes Adomeit

Hannes Adomeit (9 November 1942 – 25 April 2022) was a German political scientist. He worked as a political analyst. He worked with the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies (AICGS) at Johns Hopkins University. 

Adomeit was born in Memel. He died on 25 April 2022 in Berlin, aged 79.

Shane Yellowbird

Shane Yellowbird (July 7, 1979April 25, 2022) was a Canadian country music singer-songwriter.

Yellowbird had epilepsy and a history of seizures. He died on April 25, 2022 in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 42.

Daniel Dolan

Daniel Lytle Dolan (28 May 1951 – 26 April 2022) was an American Catholic sedevacantist bishop. He became a bishop in 1993.

Dolan died on 26 April 2022 at the age of 70.

İsmail Ogan

İsmail Ogan (5 March 1933 – 26 April 2022) was a Turkish freestyle wrestler and coach. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics. Ogan won a Silver medal in 1960 and a gold medal in 1964. He also won three medals at the world championships between 1957 and 1963.

Ogan began wrestling in the traditional Turkish yağlı güreş (oil wrestling) style. In 1950. he changed to freestyle wrestling after he was discovered by Yaşar Doğu. Soon after this, he joined thenational team. On the national team, he was trained by Celal Atik and Yaşar Doğu. Ogan retired from competitions in 1964, and worked as a wrestling coach and the national Sports Minister.

Klaus Schulze

Klaus Schulze (4 August 1947 – 26 April 2022) was a German electronic music musician and composer. He also used the alias Richard Wahnfried and was a member of the Krautrock bands Tangerine Dream, Ash Ra Tempel, and The Cosmic Jokers. Schulze was born in Berlin, Germany.

Schulze died on 26 April 2022 from a long-illness, aged 74.

Kenneth Tsang

Kenneth Tsang Kong (; 5 October 1934 – 27 April 2022) was a Hong Kong actor. Tsang's career lasted for 50 years. Tsang was born in Shanghai, China. His career began in 1955. In 1986, Tsang worked as taxi cab owner, Ken, in John Woo's "A Better Tomorrow". He also appeared in "A Better Tomorrow 2", "The Killer" and "Once a Thief".

Tsang died on 27 April 2022 at his hotel room in Hong Kong at the age of 87.

This is a partial list of films.


Bernard Pons

Bernard Pons (18 July 1926 – 27 April 2022) was a French politician and medical doctor. He was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic from 1971 to 1976 and a member of the Rally for the Republic party after. He was the Minister for Transport from 1995 until 1997. He was an advisor for the Union for a Popular Movement until 2008 after his retirement from active politics in 2002. Pons was also a member of the National Assembly from 1997 until 2002. Pons was born in Béziers, France.

Pons died on 27 April 2022 in Aigues-Mortes, France at the age of 95.

Nikolai Leonov

Nikolai Sergeyevich Leonov (; 22 August 1928 – 27 April 2022) was a Russian politician, senior KGB officer, and Latin America expert in the Soviet Union. Leonov was born in Ryazan Oblast, Soviet Union. He was a member of the State Duma from 2003 until 2007.

Leonov died on 27 April 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 93.

Carlos Amigo Vallejo

Carlos Amigo Vallejo, O.F.M. (23 August 1934 – 27 April 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal and priest. He was the Archbishop of Seville in the Roman Catholic Church from 1982 until 2009. He was born in Medina de Rioseco, Spain.

He took part as a cardinal elector in the papal conclave in 2013 which elected Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio as Pope Francis.

Amigo Vallejo died on 27 April 2022 in Guadalajara, Spain from heart failure after having lung surgery to treat pulmonary edema, aged 87.


Medina de Rioseco

Medina de Rioseco is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, in the autonomous community of Castile and León and Spain. In 2011, 4,967 people lived here.

2013 papal conclave

The 2013 papal conclave was when cardinals met to elect the pope to replace Pope Benedict XVI after his resignation on 28 February 2013. After the 115 cardinal-electors gathered, they set 12 March 2013 as the beginning of the conclave. On the fifth ballot, the conclave elected Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, SJ, Archbishop of Buenos Aires. He took the pontifical name of "Francis". It took two days to elected Bergoglio as the next pope.

Angelo Sodano was the dean of this conclave. It was held at the Sistine Chapel in the Apostolic Palace in Vatican City.

Besides Bergoglio, the following cardinals were seen as possible candidates for pope:

Pope Francis celebrated his inauguration on 19 March 2013 and became Bishop of Rome on 7 April.

In October 2013, the Italian weekly magazine "Panorama" claimed that the United States National Security Agency had targeted cardinals in the conclave for surveillance, including Cardinal Bergoglio. An NSA spokesperson denied this.

2005 papal conclave

The 2005 papal conclave was when cardinals met to elect a new pope following the death of Pope John Paul II on 2 April 2005. After his death, the cardinals of the Catholic Church who were in Rome met and set a date for the beginning of the conclave to elect his replacement.

After several days of private meetings attended by both cardinal electors and non-voting cardinals, the conclave began on 18 April 2005. It ended the next day after four ballots with the election of Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger as the next pope, "Benedict XVI". Ratzinger himself was the dean of this conclave. It took place at the Sistine Chapel.

Nothing is confirmed from this secret voting process and most numbers are guesses.

An anonymous cardinal provided his diary to an Italian journalist in September 2005 and it was published in full in 2011. That source gives the results of the first ballot as:


Second ballot:

Third ballot:

Fourth ballot:

Óscar Rodríguez Maradiaga

Óscar Andrés Rodríguez Maradiaga, S.D.B. (born 29 December 1942) is a Honduran Salesian and Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He is the current Archbishop of Tegucigalpa, is the former President of Caritas Internationalis and was President of the Latin American Episcopal Conference (CELAM) from 1995 to 1999. 

Rodríguez became a cardinal in 2001.

Christoph Schönborn

Christoph Maria Michael Hugo Damian Peter Adalbert Graf von Schönborn, O.P. (; born 22 January 1945), is a Bohemian-born Austrian Dominican friar and theologian. He is a cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Vienna and was the Chairman of the Austrian Bishops' Conference from 1998 until 2020. 

Paulo Evaristo Arns

Paulo Evaristo Arns OFM (; 14 September 1921 – 14 December 2016) was a Brazilian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was a Cardinal and the Archbishop of São Paulo. He was made cardinal by Pope Paul VI.

He was the last surviving cardinal elevated by Pope Paul VI. (Though Joseph Ratzinger, Pope Benedict XVI, is still living, he is no longer a member of the College of Cardinals).

After a long illness he died in a São Paulo hospital on 14 December 2016, aged 95.

Péter Erdő

Péter Erdő (, ; born 25 June 1952) is a Hungarian Cardinal of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church. He has been the Archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest and Primate of Hungary since 2003.

Erdő had been mentioned as a possible candidate to be elected pope during the 2013 papal conclave.

Marc Ouellet

Marc Armand Ouellet (born 8 June 1944) is a Canadian prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been the prefect of the Congregation for Bishops and president of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 30 June 2010.

He was Archbishop of Quebec and Primate of Canada from 2003 to 2010. He was made a cardinal by Pope John Paul II on 21 October 2003. 

Gianfranco Ravasi

Gianfranco Ravasi (born 18 October 1942) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church and scholar. He has been a cardinal since 2010. He has been President of the Pontifical Council for Culture since 3 September 2007.

He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2013 papal conclave that elected Pope Francis.

After ten years at the rank of cardinal deacon, he became a cardinal priest in 2021.

Leonardo Sandri

Leonardo Sandri (born 18 November 1943) is an Argentine Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He has been the Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches since June 2007 and a cardinal since November 2007. On 24 January 2020, Pope Francis approved his election as Vice Dean of the College of Cardinals.

He was mentioned in the press as a possible candidate for election to the papacy at the time of the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI in 2013.

Odilo Scherer

Dom Odilo Pedro Scherer (; born 21 September 1949) is a Brazilian cardinal of the Catholic Church. He has been the Archbishop of São Paulo since March 2007. He was made a cardinal in November 2007. He was mentioned as a possible candidate to replace Benedict XVI in 2013. 

Virginia Foxx

Virginia Ann Foxx ("née" Palmieri; June 29, 1943) is an American politician, educator and businesswoman. She is the U.S. representative for since 2005. Foxx is a member of the Republican Party. 

In December 2019, Foxx voted against both articles of impeachment of President Donald Trump.

In December 2020, Foxx was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives to sign an amicus brief in support of "Texas v. Pennsylvania", which was a lawsuit trying to overturn Joe Biden's victory over Donald Trump.

On January 6, 2021, Foxx was one of 147 Republican lawmakers who voted against the certification of electoral votes from the 2020 presidential election even after the U.S. Capitol attack.

Luis Vasquez

Luis Fernando "Lucho" Vásquez Díaz (born 3 January 2003) is a Columbian professional footballer. He plays as defender for Austrian Second League club Liefering. 
He started in the Academia Alemana de Fútbol Popayán. 2021 he was signed by FC Red Bull Salzburg and loaned to SV Horn. He debuted for SV Horn in Febrauary 2021 when he was in the starting team versus SKU Amstetten. For the 2021/22 season he came back to Salzburg and became part of FC Liefering.

Alton, New Hampshire

Alton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Barnstead, New Hampshire

Barnstead is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Center Harbor, New Hampshire

Center Harbor is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Gilford, New Hampshire

Gilford is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Meredith, New Hampshire

Meredith is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Hampton, New Hampshire

New Hampton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sanbornton, New Hampshire

Sanbornton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Tilton, New Hampshire

Tilton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Eaton, New Hampshire

Eaton is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Effingham, New Hampshire

Effingham is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hart's Location, New Hampshire

Hart's Location is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Jackson, New Hampshire

Jackson is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Madison, New Hampshire

Madison is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Moultonborough, New Hampshire

Moultonborough is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sandwich, New Hampshire

Sandwich is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Tamworth, New Hampshire

Tamworth is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Tuftonboro, New Hampshire

Tuftonboro is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stoddard, New Hampshire

Stoddard is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sullivan, New Hampshire

Sullivan is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. There was 658 people in the 2020 Census.

Swanzey, New Hampshire

Swanzey is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Troy, New Hampshire

Troy is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Walpole, New Hampshire

Walpole is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Westmoreland, New Hampshire

Westmoreland is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Carroll, New Hampshire

Carroll is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Colebrook, New Hampshire

Colebrook is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Columbia, New Hampshire

Columbia is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population was 659.

Umran Malik

Umran Malik (born 22 November 1999) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 18 January 2021, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. He made his List A debut on 27 February 2021, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy. In September 2021, Malik was named a short-term COVID-19 replacement for T. Natarajan by the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the 2021 Indian Premier League.

Dalton, New Hampshire

Dalton is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Dummer, New Hampshire

Dummer is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Errol, New Hampshire

Errol is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Gorham, New Hampshire

Gorham is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Milan, New Hampshire

Milan is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Northumberland, New Hampshire

Northumberland is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Pittsburg, New Hampshire

Pittsburg is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Abdul Samad

Abdul Samad (born 28 October 2001) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jammu & Kashmir in domestic cricket and for Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League (IPL). He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm leg-break bowler.

Samad is the third cricketer from Jammu & Kashmir to feature in the IPL. He made his IPL debut against Delhi Capitals on 29 September 2020.

He made his Twenty20 debut for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2018–19 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 21 February 2019. He made his List A debut on 27 September 2019, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2019–20 Vijay Hazare Trophy. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.

Randolph, New Hampshire

Randolph is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Shelburne, New Hampshire

Shelburne is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stark, New Hampshire

Stark is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

First-class cricket

First-class cricket is the highest-standard international/domestic matches in cricket.
A first-class match is one of three or more days' scheduled duration between two sides of eleven players each. It is officially adjudged to be worthy of the status by virtue of the standard of the competing teams. Matches must allow for the teams to play two innings each, although in practice a team might play only one innings or none at all.

First-class cricket, along with historical single-wicket and modern limited-overs forms, is one of the highest-standard forms of cricket. The etymology of "first-class cricket" is unknown, but it was used loosely before it acquired official status in 1895, following a meeting of leading English clubs. At a meeting of the Imperial Cricket Conference (ICC) in 1947, it was formally defined on a global basis. A significant omission of the ICC ruling was any attempt to define first-class cricket retrospectively. That has left historians, and especially statisticians, with the problem of how to categorise earlier matches, especially those played in Great Britain before 1895. The solution put forward by the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians (ACS) is to classify all pre-1895 matches of a high standard as important matches.
Test cricket is the highest standard of cricket. It is a form of first-class cricket. Although the term "first-class" is mainly used to refer to domestic competitions. A player's first-class statistics include any performances in Test matches.


Stewartstown, New Hampshire

Stewartstown is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stratford, New Hampshire

Stratford is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Whitefield, New Hampshire

Whitefield is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Alexandria, New Hampshire

Alexandria is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Benton, New Hampshire

Benton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Bethlehem, New Hampshire

Bethlehem is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Bridgewater, New Hampshire

Bridgewater is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Bristol, New Hampshire

Bristol is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Canaan, New Hampshire

Canaan is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Dorchester, New Hampshire

Dorchester is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Easton, New Hampshire

Easton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Ellsworth, New Hampshire

Ellsworth is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Groton, New Hampshire

Groton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hebron, New Hampshire

Hebron is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Landaff, New Hampshire

Landaff is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lisbon, New Hampshire

Lisbon is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lyman, New Hampshire

Lyman is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lyme, New Hampshire

Lyme is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Monroe, New Hampshire

Monroe is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Orford, New Hampshire

Orford is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Piermont, New Hampshire

Piermont is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Rumney, New Hampshire

Rumney is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sugar Hill, New Hampshire

Sugar Hill is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Thornton, New Hampshire

Thornton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Wentworth, New Hampshire

Wentworth is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Woodstock, New Hampshire

Woodstock is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Collin Williams

Collin Ray Williams (1 November 1961 – 24 April 2022) was a Zimbabwean cricketer who played five first class matches and one list A cricket match for Matabeleland. He also coached Zimbabwe hockey team. He was the father of Zimbabwean cricketer Sean Williams. He was born in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.

Williams died on 24 April 2022 in Bulawayo at the age of 60.

Konstantin Gertig

Konstantin Gertig (born 2 February 2004) is a German professional footballer. He plays as forward for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also played for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. 2018 he went to the FC Bayern München Academy where he played in the U16, U17 and U19 teams. 2021 he went back to Salzburg.

In April 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he was in the starting team versus SV Lafnitz. 

Joia Perry

| siglum = 
| agent = 
| style = 
Joia Perry is an American physician, childbirth doctor and gynecologist. She is an anti-racism leader, speaker, trainer, worker, policy expert and also a fighter for justice. She is the founder and the president of the "National Birth Equity Collaborative".

Joia Perry had spoken in the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, asking the office to make a human rights framework to improve maternal mortality conditions. In the past, she was an Executive Director of the "Birthing Project, Director of Women’s and Children’s Services" at Jefferson Community Healthcare Center. She was also a Director of "Clinical Services for the City of New Orleans Health Department". In her directorate, she controlled four health care for the homeless, pediatric, WIC and gynecologic services within the New Orleans clinical service area. She contributed a lit to the health care services for the New Orleans’ citizens post in the "Hurricane Katrina Disaster" of 2005.

Joia Perry was given the "Congressional Black Caucus Healthcare Hero’s Award". She was also given the "Maternal Health Task Force at Harvard University Global Visionary Award". These were in recognition of her dedicated works for developing women’s health. She was also given the Fellowship of the "American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology". She has been shown many times in various national and international publications like "Essence" and "Ms". In the year 2020, she was honoured by "USA Today". She was selected in its "Women of the Century" series. She was shown on "Nightline’s" and "Hear Her Voice" on "ABC".


The Patchwork Girl of Oz (1914 movie)

The Patchwork Girl of Oz is a 1914 American fantasy adventure movie directed by J. Farrell MacDonald and was based on the 1913 novel of the same name by L. Frank Baum. It stars Violet MacMillan, Frank Moore, Raymond Russell, Hal Roach, Fred Woodward, Bert Glennon and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dario Bijelić

Dario Bijelić (born 18 May 2004) is a Croatian professional footballer. He plays as defender for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also played for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 season and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in the youth of FC Liefering and FC Red Bull Salzburg. 2018 he went to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in the U15, U16 and U18 teams. 

In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he was in the starting team versus SKN St. Pölten. 
Dario Bijelić played for the U18 team six matches and three for the U19 team.

Mucormycosis

Mucormycosis, also known as black fungus, is a serious fungal infection. 

It is spread by spores of molds of the order Mucorales.

It usually occurs in people who have a weak immune system. It is a rare but dangerous infection. It is caused by a group of molds called mucormycetes. It often affects the sinuses, lungs, skin, and brain.

Scinax elaeochroa

The Supirio snouted tree frog or olive snouted tree frog ("Scinax elaeochroa") is a frog that lives in Nicaragua, Panama, and Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 50 mm long. This frog has a flat body with a round nose that sticks out. Its eyes are large and stick out from its head. These frogs can be different colors of brown, yellow or green.

This frog can hold on to plants straight up and down. It presses its whole body against the leaf. The frog's body acts like a suction cup.

Bankia

Bankia is a Spanish banking conglomerate formed in December 2010 as an alliance of seven regional savings banks. With 12 million customers (both individuals and legal entities), the bank was the fourth-largest bank in Spain. In 2012, he experienced great financial problems and was partially nationalized (90% of the shares in exchange for assistance of 23.5 billion euros). In 2021, the bank was taken over by CaixaBank.

Telxius

Telxius Telecom S.A. is a global telecommunications infrastructure company created in 2016, owned by Telefónica Infra, a subsidiary of Spanish telecommunications company Telefónica.

Telxius is a co-sponsor of the Sopela Women's Team. It is a Basque team of cyclists that has a total of twelve runners.

Mobsyte

Mobsyte is a website builder that allows small owners, freelancers and professionals to create websites optimized for mobile, tablet and desktop. The company is headquartered in . It was founded by Alejandro Sánchez Acosta (CEO) in 2013.

Macedonian dynasty

The Macedonian dynasty, (Armenian: Մակեդոնիայի դինաստիա; Greek: Μακεδονική δυναστεία) ruled Byzantine Empire between 867–1056 years. The Byzantine Empire underwent a revival during the reign of the Armenian Macedonian emperors of the late 9th, 10th, and early 11th centuries, when it gained control over the Adriatic Sea, Southern Italy, and all of the territory of the Bulgaria.

Basil I, the founder of his dynasty, was of probably Armenian origin.


Dey

Dey (Arabic: داي), from the Turkish honorific title "dayı", literally meaning uncle, was the title given to the rulers of the Regency of Algiers (Algeria), Tripoli, and Tunis under the Ottoman Empire from 1671 onwards.

Zuhal Atmar

Zuhal Atmar is an Afghan entrepreneur and environmentalist. She is the first woman to owe and to manage a recycling plant in Afghanistan. She is also a researcher as well as an economic affairs analyst. She was included in BBC's list of 100 influential and inspiring women for 2021.

Atmar was born in Afghanistan. An account cited that she was a refugee in Pakistan. In Pakistan, she completed her education. She came back to Afghanistan after the fall of the Talibans. She started her career as a researcher. She worked for the Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit. She promoted women's education, community voice, equal opportunities and access to livelihood.

Atmar's environmental work began with a desire to say something about the climate change. She created a recycling plant to help in controlling the pollution rate in Kabul. In an interview, she highlighted the problems of the one-time use of plastic. According to her, such plastic contribute to the 308 tons of garbage generated in Kabul everyday. This facility is called Gul-Mursal Waste Paper Recycling Factory. It processed 33 tons of garbage every week.

Her leading work at the recycling facility exposed her to gender discrimination and harassment. She said that it was difficult to set up her company as women in Afghanistan do not have access to loans. The reason for such discrimination is that they fail to complete requirements such as guarantor, business partner and collateral. She operated her company after getting a $100,000 loan from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). Atmar also struggled with patriarchy. She said she was harassed by male competitors. In a report, Atmar said that “there’s a lot of judgment and many people are bothered by me running my own business.”

Atmar was included in BBC's list of 100 influential and inspiring women for 2021.

Gabriela Baeza

Gabriela Baeza Zamora is a Mexican environmental activist, speaker and expert in sustainable development. She is recognised for popularising the zero waste movement in Latin America. She used the documentary short movie "El Reto" (July 8, 2017) as an instrument of her career. Since then, Baeza has spoken at meetings in important events on environmental issues. Examples include those of the Green Expo, the Ecofest and the Circular Economy Congress of Mexico. In July 2019, the newspaper "El País" included her in its list of the "10 world leaders who do not give up".

Baeza was born in Mexico City. She studied Environmental Sciences. Later, she did a specialization in Environmental and Ecological Economics at the National Autonomous University of Mexico UNAM. She got a master's degree in Sustainable Development from the Universities of Utrecht and Leipzig. During her stay in Europe, she had spoken on conservation in countries such as Austria, Serbia and Croatia.

After obtaining her master's degree, Baeza became professionally connected to the German Cooperation for Sustainable Development GIZ. She was serving as an advisor to the waste energy use program. In 2016, she started using the concepts about the zero waste movement in her everyday life. The ideas are based on the reuse of waste that is normally stored or burned. It contributes to the purification of the planet earth. In 2017, Baeza achieved fame in her native country and in Latin America. She produced and directed the documentary short movie "El Reto" ("The Challenge"). In the movie, she shows her experience since she embraced this lifestyle. It had a strong impact on social networks, getting millions of views.

Since that time, Baeza has appeared many times in social media. She explained the ideology of the movement and advised for it to be applied effectively in homes. As a lecturer, she has participated in important environmental events such as the Mexico Circular Economy Congress, the Green Expo and the Ecofest, among others. Baeza is considered an Internet celebrity in the Mexican environmental movement.

The method proposed by Baeza involves the use of glass containers and paper bags, bulk purchases, reuse and recycling. On her blog, Baeza advised people on the subject and offers environmental awareness content.

2017 - "El Reto" ("The Challenge") - documentary short movie.


Aurora Metro Center station

Aurora Metro Center station is a light rail station on the R Line in Aurora, Colorado, USA. It is located at Centrepoint Drive and Sable Boulevard. There is the shopping center and the Aurora Municipal Center (city hall, police headquarters, central library, and history museum) near it.

Leave the World Behind (movie)

Leave The World Behind is an upcoming feature film directed by Sam Esmail and adapted from Rumaan Alam's novel. It will star Julia Roberts, Mahershala Ali and Ethan Hawke.

The literary basis of the script was Rumaan Alam's novel "Leave the World Behind", published in 2020. The main characters are a couple who decide to spend their vacation in a rented house in a remote part of Long Island. However, the owners of the house suddenly return and report that a disaster has occurred in New York.

Philipp Köhn

Philipp Köhn (born 2 April 1998) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Monaco in Ligue 1 as a goalkeeper.

He played in the youth teams of SuS 09 Dinslaken, MSV Duisburg, Schalke 04 and VfB Stuttgart 2017 he went on to RB Leipzig and 2018 to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He played for the farmteam FC Liefering. 2020 he went to FC Wil on loan. There he played 32 matches in the Swiss Challenge League. 2021 he came back to Salzburg and became number one goalkeeper of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
From 2012 to 2018 he played for the German U15, U16, U17 and U18 national teams. In August 2019 he debuted for the Swiss U19 national team versus Slovakia. 2019 he played his first match for the Swiss U21 team. He was in the team for the U21-European Championship but did not play. In November 2021 he was in the Swiss squad for the first time.


List of minor planets: 183001–184000


Meanings of minor planet names: 183001–184000

Mino Raiola

Carmine "Mino" Raiola (; 4 November 1967 – 30 April 2022) was an Italian football agent. He was known for having represented many well-known players including Paul Pogba, Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Marco Verratti, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Matthijs de Ligt, Erling Haaland, Mario Balotelli, and formerly Pavel Nedvěd. He was born in Nocera Inferiore, Salerno, Italy.

In January 2022, Raiola was hospitalized in Milan, Italy for problems caused by lung disease. On 28 April 2022, it was reported he was in serious condition. He died two days later on 30 April, aged 54.

Marco Verratti

Marco Verratti (; born 5 November 1992) is an Italian professional footballer. He plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Italy national team. 

Matthijs de Ligt

Matthijs de Ligt (; born 12 August 1999) is a Dutch professional footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Juventus and the Netherlands national team.

Ajax

Juventus

Bayern Munich

Netherlands

Individual

Carlos García Cambón

Carlos María García Cambón (27 March 1949 – 27 April 2022) was an Argentine football player and manager. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His career began in 1969 and he retired in 1978. He played for Chacarita Juniors, Boca Juniors and Unión de Santa Fe. 

García Cambón died on 27 April 2022 from problems caused by a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm in Buenos Aires, aged 73.

Abdominal aortic aneurysm

Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA or triple A) is an enlargement of the abdominal aorta which is more than 50% larger than normal. They usually cause no symptoms, except during rupture. This may cause abdominal, back, or leg pain. Large aneurysms can sometimes be felt by pushing on the abdomen.

Rupture may result in pain in the abdomen or back, low blood pressure, or loss of consciousness and can cause death.

Aortic rupture

Aortic rupture is the rupture or breakage of the aorta, the largest artery in the body. Aortic rupture is a rare, extremely dangerous condition. The most common cause is an abdominal aortic aneurysm that has ruptured randomly. 

An aortic rupture can be classified according to its cause into one of the following main types:

Abdominal aorta

The abdominal aorta is the largest artery in the abdominal cavity. It is part of the aorta. It is a direct continuation of the descending aorta (of the thorax).

The abdominal aorta begins at the level of the diaphragm, crossing it via the aortic hiatus, technically behind the diaphragm.

Meanings of minor planet names: 182001–183000

Abu al-Hasan al-Hashimi al-Qurashi

Abu al-Hasan al-Hashimi al-Qurashi (), born Nour Karim al-Mutni (; died 15 October 2022), was an Iraqi terrorist and the third leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. He was named as leader on 10 March 2022, in an audio message by the new spokesperson of ISIL, Abu Omar al-Muhajir, whose announcement came more than a month after the death of the previous leader Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi. The message said that Abu al-Hasan was given a pledge of allegiance in response to the will of the former leader.

On 26 May 2022, the Turkish government claimed that he was arrested in Istanbul. Later, ISIL sources denied news reports of his arrest in the 347th issue of their weekly newsletter "Al-Naba".

On 30 November 2022, ISIL announced that Abu al-Hasan had been killed while fighting. The spokesman of ISIL, Abu Omar, confirmed the news that same day. The United States Central Command confirmed that Abu al-Hasan killed himself by triggering a bomb during an operation carried out by former Free Syrian Army rebels which had aligned with government forces in Daraa Governorate in mid-October.

Abu al-Hussein al-Husseini al-Qurashi replaced him as the leader of ISIS.

Zoran Sretenović

Zoran Sretenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Сретеновић; 5 August 1964 – 28 April 2022) was a Serbian basketball coach and player. He was born in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia. His playing career lasted from 1984 until 2001. His coaching career lasted from 2001 until his death. He was known for playing for Split, Borovica Ruma and Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski.

Sretenović died on 28 April 2022 in Belgrade from a heart attack, aged 57.


Juan Diego (actor)

Juan Diego Ruiz Moreno (14 December 1942 – 28 April 2022), professionally known as Juan Diego, was a Spanish actor. His career began in 1957. He appeared in the movies "The Holy Innocents", "The 7th Day", "Dragon Rapide", "París-Tombuctú" and "You're the One". Diego was born in Seville, Spain. He won three Goya Awards (1991, 1999, 2006) during his career.

Diego died on 28 April 2022 at a hospital in Madrid, Spain at the age of 79.

Fernando Sáenz Lacalle

Fernando Sáenz Lacalle (16 November 1932 – 28 April 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was the 10th Bishop and sixth Archbishop of San Salvador, El Salvador from 1985 until 2008. He became a priest in 1959. Sáenz Lacalle was born in Cintruénigo, Spain.

Sáenz Lacalle died on 28 April 2022 in La Libertad, El Salvador at the age of 89.

Cintruénigo

Cintruénigo is a Spanish town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Its population in 2020 was of 8,026.


Fernando Fernán Gómez

Fernando Fernández Gómez (28 August 1921 – 21 November 2007) better known as Fernando Fernán Gómez was a Peruvian-born Argentine-Spanish actor, screenwriter, movie director and theater director. He was a member of the Royal Spanish Academy for seven years. He won three Goya Awards for acting, one for directing and one for screenwriting. 

His best known directing work was "Voyage to Nowhere". His best acting work was "Mambru Went to War", "The Grandfather" and "Belle Époque".

Fernán Gómez died in Madrid, Spain on 21 November 2007 from heart failure caused by pneumonia and colon cancer at the age of 86.

Saint-Benoît, Réunion

Saint-Benoît () is a commune in the French overseas department of Réunion. 

Amorosa presenza

Amorosa presenza is an Italian opera in two acts, music by Nicola Piovani and libretto by Aisha Cerami and Nicola Piovani. It was first performed in Trieste, on January 21, 2022.


The opera premiered on January 21, 2022 at the Teatro Giuseppe Verdi in Trieste. He set up Chiara Muti, the daughter of the famous conductor Riccardo Muti, with the composer conducting and choirmaster Paolo Longo. The main roles were played by Maria Rita Combattelli as Serena and Motoharu Takei as Orazio.

Tofiga Vaevalu Falani

Tofiga Vaevalu Falani has been the Governor-General of Tuvalu since 29 September 2021. He was Acting Governor General on 14 August 2017.

He was appointed as a Member of the British Empire for public and community service in the 2014 New Year Honours.

Kausea Natano

Kausea Natano (born 5 July 1957) is a Tuvaluan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Tuvalu from 19 September 2019 until 26 February 2024. He was also serving as an MP for Funafuti until 2024.

Note value

In music notation, a note value is the amount of time of a note. Note value is relative: it depends on the tempo (speed) of the music. For example, a quarter note (crotchet) at 80 beats per minute (BPM) is the same as a half note (minim) at 160 beats per minute.

Note value is shown by the shape of the note, including the notehead, stem, and flags. Simple note values are fractional powers of two, for example one, one-half, one fourth, etc.

A rest means a silence (no sound) of an equal amount of time.

Shorter notes can be created theoretically "ad infinitum" by adding further flags, but are very rare.

Sometimes the longa or breve is used to show a very long note of indefinite amount of time, as at the end of a piece (e.g. at the end of Mozart's Mass KV 192).
A single eighth note, or any faster note, is always stemmed with flags, while two or more are usually beamed in groups. When a stem is present, it can go either up (from the right side of the note head) or down (from the left side), except in the cases of the "longa" or "maxima" which are nearly always written with downward stems. In most cases, the stem goes down if the notehead is on the center line or above, and up otherwise. Any flags always go to the right of the stem.

A note value may be made longer by adding a dot after it. This dot adds the next briefer note value, making it one and a half times its original length of time. A number of dots ("n") lengthen the note value by its value, so two dots add two lower note values, making a total of one and three quarters times its original length of time. The rare three dots make it one and seven eighths the length of time, and so on.
Two notes of the same pitch can be combined into one note with a tie.
To divide a note value to three equal parts, or some other value than two, tuplets may be used. For example, an eighth note triplet has three notes in the space of two eighth notes, so each note has a length of 1/12. An sixteenth note quintuplet has five notes in the space of four sixteenth notes, so each note has a length of 1/20.

Rest (music)

A rest is a musical notation sign that indicates no sound.

Each rest symbol and name corresponds with a particular note value for length of time. The rest shows how long the silence should last.

If a rest should last for multiple bars, it is shown by a thick horizontal line in the middle of the staff, with short vertical lines at each end. The number of bars of the rest is written over the top.

Sonchus kirkii

The shore puha which is also known as the New Zealand sow thistle, is a plant in the family Asteraceae. It grows near the ocean in . In Latin, the shore puha is called the "Sonchus kirkii".

The shore puha has green leaves that point up. It has a yellow flower. The shore puha usually grows up to 30 centimeters tall. It can sometimes grow up to 100 centimeters.

The conservation status of the shore puha is "declining" and it is also called "at risk".

Other species of weeds that grow more quickly might be the reason for the shore puha to be at "declining" because it is not as good at growing as the other plants. The plants "" and "" can take over the habitats that the shore puha likes and grow in the area faster. Until the 1980s the shore puha was not in danger, but after that the amount of shore puhas left have been going down.


Banco Macro

Banco Macro is an Argentine private capital bank. is the second largest domestically-owned private bank in Argentina.

The Macro is one of the most important private banks in Argentina. It is made up of two merged institutions, which are Banco Macro and Banco Tucumán, which in total constitutes a structure of 506 service points.

St. Thomas Church, Leipzig

The St. Thomas Church () is a Lutheran church in Leipzig. Many famous composers visited or worked here. Johann Sebastian Bach was the "Kantor" of the church from 1723 until his death in 1750. He is buried in the church.


Patricia Espinosa

Patricia Espinosa Cantellano (born October 21, 1958) is a Mexican politician and ambassador. She is currently serving as the executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Previously, she served as the Mexican Ambassador to Austria, Germany, Slovenia and Slovakia. Besides, she served as in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón.

She completed her graduation in International Relations from El Colegio de México. She got a diploma in International Law at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Switzerland. She is married and has two children.

Espinosa joined the Foreign Service on September 16, 1981. She served at the Mexican delegation to the United Nations in Geneva. From 1992 to 1997, she worked at the Mexican delegation to the United Nations at New York City. She also served as general director of the Ibero-American Summit and the Summit of the Americas.

She was promoted to Ambassador within the Foreign Service in 2000. She served at the Mexican Embassy in Germany from January 2001 to June 2002. She left the post to serve as Ambassador to Austria. It was concurrent with a number of international organisations in Vienna, from June 2002 to November 2006.
On November 28, 2006, President-elect Felipe Calderón announced that she would serve as his Secretary of Foreign Affairs starting on December 1, 2006. Her importance included the diversification of the (heavily concentrated on immigration and security issues). It also includes the rebuilding of diplomatic relations with Cuba and Venezuela. These were strained during the previous administration.

In May 2016, she was selected by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to be the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).



Victoria Tauli-Corpuz

Victoria Tauli-Corpuz is a Filipino development consultant. She is an international indigenous activist of ethnicity. On 2nd of June, 2014, she took the responsibilities of the third UN Special Rapporteur on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. As a UN special rapporteur, she investigated alleged violations of indigenous peoples rights. She also promoted the regulation of international standards focusing on the rights of indigenous peoples. She held her special rapporteur position until March 2020.

She is the indigenous and gender adviser to the Third World Network. She is a member of United Nations Development Programme Civil Society Organizations Advisory Committee. She is also a member of the World Future Council.

Tauli-Corpuz was the chairperson of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (2005-2010). She was the rapporteur for the Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations.

She completed her graduation from the Philippine Science High School in Diliman, Quezon City in 1969. She got her nursing degree at the UP College of Nursing, University of the Philippines Manila in 1976.

Victoria Tauli-Corpuz organized indigenous peoples on the community level to fight against the projects of then President Ferdinand Marcos. Her organised indigenous peoples stopped the Chico River Hydroelectric Dam project. It would have flooded the local villages and the logging operations of Cellophil Resources Corporation on the lands of their forefathers.

Tauli-Corpuz was the first recipient of the Gabriela Silang Award. It was given in 2009 by the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples.

Tauli-Corpuz was included in a list of 10 important people associated with scientific developments in 2021. The list was made by the scientific journal .

Xiomara Acevedo

Xiomara Acevedo is a Colombian climate change activist. She is the founder and CEO of the NGO Barranquilla +20. She stood for the inclusion of women and young people's voices in climate justice.
Acevedo founded Barranquilla +20 in 2012. As of 2022, she serves as the CEO. Barranquilla +20 is a youth-led non-governmental organization. It focused on climate activism and environmentalism in Barranquilla and throughout Latin America. 

Acevedo co-founded the network "El Orinoco se adapta" (Orinoco adapts). It uses a gender-based approach towards addressing and adapting to climate change in the Orinoquía natural region. It was founded around the year 2014.

In 2015, Acevedo worked for the World Wide Fund for Nature in Paraguay.

From 2016 to 2019, Acevedo worked as a climate change expert for the government of , Colombia. She was helping in the climate change policy.

In 2021, Acevedo attended the . It was a part of the Women and Gender Constituency. She stood for the importance of women's rights in achieving climate justice.

Acevedo was the director of the Women for Climate Justice project (a project of Barranquilla +20). It was a 2021 initiative that focused the climate leadership of young women from across Colombia. Barranquilla +20 was awarded $50,000 for the project by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in 2021.

Acevedo was a member of the steering committee of the Global Youth Biodiversity Network. She was also a member of the Youth Fund Committee of the Global Youth Climate Action Fund.

Acevedo is from Barranquilla, Colombia.

Acevedo completed her graduation from the Universidad del Norte, Colombia. She took a degree in international relations, with a focus on international law. Acevedo attended the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management. She studied climate finance.


Albert Vallci

Albert Vallci (born 2 July 1995) is a professional footballer from Austria. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg as defender.
Vallci started in the youth teams of FC Lankowitz and Kapfenberger SV. Then he came to Kapfenberger SV where he played in the first and second team. After playing for SV Lafnitz and SV Horn, he came to FC Wacker Innsbruck. 2019 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg. 

Heraclian dynasty

The Heraclian dynasty, (; ) ruled Byzantine Empire between 610–711 years. The Heraclians presided over a period of cataclysmic events that were a watershed in the history of the Empire and the world.

Heraclius, the founder of his dynasty, was of Armenian origin.


L.A. Without a Map

L.A. Without a Map, also known as Los Angeles Without a Map and "I Love L.A". is a 1998 French British Finnish Luxembourgian romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Mika Kaurismäki and was based on the 1988 semi-authobigraphical novel of the same name by Richard Rayner. It stars David Tennant, Vinessa Shaw, Julie Delpy, Vincent Gallo, Cameron Bancroft, Amanda Plummer, Steve Huison, Saskia Reeves, Robert Davi, Malcolm Tinney, Jerzy Skolimowski.

Scinax funereus

The Moyobamba snouted tree frog ("Scinax funereus") is a frog that lives in Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 28.7–35.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.2–38.6. Its skin is pale green or brown with darker brown or darker green marks. There is webbing on the back feet but not on the front feet.

This frog lives in trees in primary forest and secondary forest. 

Carbon Based Lifeforms

Carbon Based Lifeforms is a Swedish electronic music duo. It was formed in Gothenburg in 1996 by Johannes Hedberg and Daniel Vadestrid ("né" Ringström).
In March 2022, Vadestrid announced that he had completed the first draft of a book about the history of the band. Its working title is "The Path to Derelicts".

Studio albums

Compilations

Soundtracks

EPs

DJ mixes
Regrouped compilations of other artists made by CBL.



Kolmården Wildlife Park

Kolmården Wildlife Park () is a zoo. It opened in 1965 overlooking Bråviken bay in Sweden. It is the largest zoo in Scandinavia. 
The park includes the first dolphinarium in Scandinavia. It opened in 1969 and has daily shows, and the world's first cable car safari. The wildlife park also has a birds of prey display and a seal show. In the Marine World area is a roller coaster called "The Dolphin Express". Another, larger, roller coaster in the park is Wildfire.



Noah Okafor

Noah Arinze Okafor (born 24 May 2000) is a Swiss professional footballer. He plays as forward for Serie A club AC Milan. 
Okafor began his career with FC Arisdorf. 2009 he joined FC Basel where he played in all youth teams. In January 2018 he joined the first team of Basel. He debuted versus FC Luzern in the last round of the season. His first league goal he scored in the second round of the next season versus Neuchâtel Xamax.

In January 2020 he went to Austria and signed for FC Red Bull Salzburg till 2024. He scored his first goal for Salzburg in round 24 versus Rapid Wien. In 2023 he moved to AC Milan.

He played for all Swiss youth teams from U15 to U21. On 9 June 2019 he played his first match for the national team versus England.

Basel

Red Bull Salzburg

Dead zone (ecology)

Dead zones are hypoxic (low-oxygen) areas in the world's oceans and large lakes. 

Hypoxia occurs when dissolved oxygen (DO) concentration falls to or below 2 ml of O/liter. Once DO falls below 0.5 ml O/liter in a body of water, everything dies. With such low concentration of DO, the water does not support the aquatic life living there.

In March 2004 the newly established UN Environment Programme published its first Global Environment Outlook Year Book ("GEO Year Book 2003"). It said there were 146 dead zones in the world's oceans. In these zones marine life could not live due to low oxygen levels. Some of these zones were as small as a square kilometer (0.4 mi), but the largest dead zone covered 70,000 square kilometers (27,000 mi). A 2008 study counted 405 dead zones worldwide.

Nella Martinetti

Nella Martinetti (21 January 1946 – 29 July 2011) was a Swiss singer-songwriter, affectionately nicknamed "Bella Nella".

She was born in Brissago, Ticino, Switzerland. In 1986, she became the first winner of the Grand Prix der Volksmusik with the song "Bella Musica", which she composed. In 1987, along with Atilla Şereftuğ, Martinetti approached a then unknown young Canadian singer Céline Dion, asking her to represent Switzerland in the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest. Dion won the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Ne partez pas sans moi", which she composed along with Şereftuğ. 

Martinetti entered into a civil union with her longtime partner Marianne Schneebeli in 2009.

Martinetti died in Männedorf, Canton of Zürich, Switzerland, aged 65, in 2011, from pancreatic cancer.


Cade Otton

Cade Otton (born April 15, 1999) is an American football player. He is a tight end. Otton was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2022.

Otton attended Tumwater High School in Tumwater, Washington. As a senior, he was "The Olympian"’s All-Area Football Player of the Year after having 39 receptions for 733 yards with 13 touchdowns on offense and 107 tackles and three sacks on defense. After high school, he played college football at the University of Washington.
Otton was redshirted in 2017. He played in all 14 games in 2018. He started in 10 of those games He finished the year with 13 receptions for 174 yards and three touchdowns. As a sophomore in 2019, he started all 13 games. He had 32 receptions for 344 yards and two touchdowns. As a junior in 2020, he started all four games and had 18 receptions for 258 yards and three touchdowns. Otton decided to play his final year at Washington rather than enter the 2021 NFL Draft. During his senior year, he recorded all-time-low numbers. He was still ranked as a Top 10 Tight-End. Tampa Bay selected Cade Otton in the fourth round of the 2022 NFL draft.

During his career at Washington, Otton caught 76% of 113 passes to him. He averaged 11.5 yards per catch and had nine touchdowns.

Kees van der Kruijs

Kees van der Kruijs (1947—22 September 2021) was a Dutch Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was national champion in the 250-cc and 350-cc class. 

He was born in Heeze, he later moved with his parents to Oisterwijk. His best victory was the 24 hours of Oss. He competed at international competitions and among others, the 1976 Dutch TT, 1976 German motorcycle Grand Prix, 1977 Belgian motorcycle Grand Prix and 1977 British motorcycle Grand Prix. He died on 22 September 2021.

Hans Haas

Hans Haas (15 January 1945 – 12 September 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal. He was the mayor of Maasdriel from 1989 to 1995), the mayor of Haaren from 1996 to 16 February 2001 and the mayor of Valkenswaard from 16 February 2001 to 1 February 2007. He retired on 1 February 2007. He ended his retirement in 2008 and became mayor of Boekel and acting mayor of Gemert-Bakel from 2010 to 2011.

Haas died in Druten on 12 September 2021.

Made in the A.M.

Made in the A.M. is the fifth studio album by the British-Irish boy band One Direction.

Nipple piercing

Nipple piercings are a type of body piercing located through the nipple. Nipple piercings are commonly horizontal (especially for a ring), but can also be vertical or at other angles. A ring in a vertical piercing would tend to twist or pull on the hole, and might become painful.


List of Xeon microprocessors (45 to 22 nm)

The following is a partial list of Intel Xeon microprocessors. Processors built using 45 nm to 22 nm process nodes are included.

All models support: "MMX, XD bit, SSE, SSE2, SSE3, SSSE3, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, x64, SpeedStep, Turbo Boost, Smart Cache, VT-x, EPT, VT-d, TXT, ECC"























List of Xeon microprocessors (14 nm and smaller)

The following is a partial list of Intel Xeon microprocessors. It includes the processors built with a 14 nm or smaller architecture.














Xeon E-2186M & 2286M support Intel Thermal Velocity Boost.







Ula

Ula or ULA may refer to:


Julia (programming language)

Julia is a high-performance programming language, which is also meant to be easy (was considered a contradictory goal before), originally made with technical computing or with science in mind (like MATLAB), but it's a fully general-purpose language similar to e.g. Python, can be used for e.g. web development to building artificial intelligence.

Julia is a high-level language, which means a programmer can focus on what to do, but does not require knowledge of computer hardware. Writing programs in Julia takes less time than in some other languages.

Some state-of-the-art software has already been written in Julia, because it's considered easier to do then in the other popular languages. Some of it can also be used from other languages like Python or R. Julia was designed to be unusually easy to work with other languages, i.e. to benefit from code already written in other languages, to "reuse" their code.

Julia drew inspiration from other programming languages like Python, MATLAB, R, Ruby, Perl, Mathematica, Lisp, and C.

Julia works on the Raspberry Pi computer, i.e. is supported in Raspbian.

Julia is a high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language. While it is a general-purpose language and can be used to write any application, many of its features are well suited for numerical analysis and computational science.

Distinctive aspects of Julia's design include multiple dispatch as its core programming paradigm. Julia supports concurrent, (composable) parallel and distributed computing. Julia uses a just-in-time (JIT) compiler, as Julia compiles code to machine code before running it.

Julia is garbage-collected, and includes efficient libraries for floating-point calculations, linear algebra, random number generation, and regular expression matching.

Julia supports calling C (and also e.g. Fortran or Rust) without , using the keyword codice_1. But it's also possible to call e.g. C++, Python, Java, MATLAB and R with help of Julia libraries for that purpose, and it's also possible to use those languages to call Julia, to reuse Julia libraries (that some of are state-of-the-art, such as SciML, made for , which includes e.g. that DifferentialEquations.jl package).



Artur Axmann

Artur Axmann was in charge of the Nazi youth. He was born in Hagen. He died in Berlin.

Richard Crafus

Richard Crafus, known as King Dick ( 1783 - 1835), was an American imprisoned by the British in Dartmoor Prison during the War of 1812. King Dick was a privateer who had been captured during the war. Although the prison held non-Americans, these were released around the end of the war. The Americans were held longer. In the prison, this tall African-American became the leader of black inmates after the white Americans successfully petitioned the prison administration for segregation. The prison division that King Dick led was Prison Number Four. According to memoirs written by white inmates, he ruled strictly and fairly. This meant that life in Prison Number Four more desirable than elsewhere in Dartmoor Prison. Because King Dick allowed whites to transfer to Number Four, many whites did so. In 1815, the British released the American prisoners of war.

Apparently, Crafus went to Boston. In that city, an African-American named King Dick taught boxing from 1826 through 1835. He also served as an auxiliary on the police department. "He led an annual procession around Boston Common on Election Day, after which he gave a patriotic speech." 

King Dick was at least six foot three, whereas the average height in the prison was only five foot six. He was "physically powerful and a masterful bare-knuckle boxer. He wore a bearskin grenadiers’ cap as a symbol of his authority." 

"Richard Crafus probably died around 1835." 





Flag of Gibraltar

The flag of Gibraltar was adopted in 1982, the flag is based on the coat of arms of Gibraltar that was granted by the Royal Warrant from Queen Isabella I of Castile on 10 July 1502.

Flags of Europe

This is a list of flags used in Europe.

Biltmore Estate

Biltmore Mansion, also called Biltmore House or the Biltmore Estate is a 175,000 square foot/17400 square meter palatial mansion in Asheville, North Carolina and the largest privately owned dwelling in the US. It's spread over seven levels and features an indoor winter garden/conservatory, 43 bathrooms (in an age where most people didn't even have one bathroom), 35 bedrooms, a Halloween-themed room, indoor swimming pool, and a two lane bowling alley, among other great amenities. Biltmore Mansion also has an intercom system for summoning domestic servants, and was one of the first residences in America to have electricity and running water. The house and surrounding estate was built for George Washington Vanderbilt 2.

Intercom

An intercom is a two-way communication apparatus for use within a localized area, such as inside a single building or compound.

Hearst Castle

Hearst Castle is a palatial complex in San Simeon, California that was commissioned by media magnate William Randolph Hearst. Hearst Castle consists of four dwellings; the main palace, Casa Grande, and three guest houses.

Land lot

In real estate, a land lot or simply lot, also called a plot, tract and the like, is the piece of land owned by a single entity and on which a building or buildings is or may be built.

Tenant

A tenant is a person who occupies a building or land - real estate- like an apartment, house or commercial property, especially if the occupants only lease or rent the unit.

Secondary suite

An accessory dwelling unit, guest house, inlaw apartment, guest cottage\cabin or granny flat is a house or apartment on the same land lot as a larger, main house. Such units are usually occupied by the owner's immediate family or overnight guests, sometimes, they may be home to domestic servants or non-related tenants in areas where zoning allows it.

Marquee

A marquee is a large tent used for hosting events.

Visidela

Visidela (The Fishing Net) () is a 1997 Sri Lankan romantic drama movie directed by H.D. Premaratne and starring W. Jayasiri, Anusha Sonali, Jackson Anthony, Daya Thennakoon, Daya Alwis, Robin Fernando, Mahendra Perera.


Contrary Condor

Contrary Condor or Donald Duck and the Egghunt or Donald Duck at the Egg Collector is a 1944 Donald Duck short film by Walt Disney Productions and RKO Radio Pictures.

The short opens on a map, with footprints belonging to Donald trailing across the border of North America to South America, making a trail through the Andes. Donald is seen climbing up a vertical side of the mountain with plungers on his feet, yodeling as he goes. He sees the nest, and quickly reaches the top, ready to take an egg from a condor. One condor hatchling has already hatched and starts squawking at Donald’s arrival, but Donald just tells the hatchling to shut up and shoves him back into his egg shell. When he spots Mother Condor flying overhead, Donald hides the other egg and hides in the other hatching’s shell, kicking the baby condor out. The mother lands and decides to sit on the egg in which Donald is hiding. The warmth she provides is almost too much for Donald, and he sweats profusely. The egg suddenly starts to crack, and he is nearly crushed by the condor. Thinking quickly, Donald decides to pretend he’s a condor. The mother is convinced, and gives Donald a hug, much to the surprise of the other hatchling.Mother Condor then sends her hatchlings off to learn how to fly. The hatchling pushes Donald off the tree branch, but he manages to hold on when his clothes catch a branch nearby, although he is not so lucky when a passing storm cloud starts to shower all over him. Mother Condor tries to teach Donald to fly, but Donald looks down and gets dizzy. He tries to slip away, but is spotted and brought back. Donald manages to convince her that he has a bum wing, and she starts cradling him. The hatchling gets jealous, and starts squawking for attention. Having had enough, he sends Donald flying into the air and he lands on a branch nearby. Trying to get out of his situation once and for all, Donald rigs up a decoy using branches and leaves, and sends it hurtling to the river below. Although Mother Condor tries to save her “hatchling,” she believes it to be too late when it falls into the river, and she starts sobbing on the nearby bank. Donald then takes the other condor egg, thinking himself victorious, but the other hatchling steals it from him. Donald takes it back, but falls down into the river, holding the egg protectively. Relieved to see him still alive, Mother Condor gathers Donald and the egg into her arms and coddles them. That night, egg, Donald, hatchling, and Mother Condor are nestled together, while Donald mutters angrily under his breath.



Don Donald

Don Donald is a 1937 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by United Artists.

Source:

The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


Modern Inventions

Modern Inventions is a 1937 American comic science fiction animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

It was also released on VHS is 1985 on "Cartoon Classics: The Continuing Adventures of Chip 'n' Dale Featuring Donald Duck".


Self Control (movie)

Self Control is a 1938 animated short featuring Donald Duck. It was created in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released in theaters on February 11, 1938, by RKO Radio Pictures. "Self Control" follows Donald trying to learn to control his temper by following the advice of a radio program.
"Self Control" was directed by Jack King, It includes the voice of Clarence Nash as Donald Duck and Florence Gill as the clucking voice of a chicken. The voice of Uncle Smiley is not credited.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


Scinax hayii

Hay's snouted tree frog ("Scinax hayii") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 28.7–35.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.2–38.6. Its skin is pale green or brown with darker brown or darker green marks. There is webbing on the back feet but not on the front feet.

This frog lives in trees in primary forest and secondary forest. 

Niels of Denmark

Niels ( 1063 - 25 June 1134) was King of Denmark from 1104 until 1134 He was killed in a civil war. He was succeeded by Eric II of Denmark.

Völs am Schlern

Völs am Schlern () is a municipality in South Tyrol in northern Italy. It is about east of Bolzano.

Go, Dog. Go!

Go, Dog. Go! is a 1961 children's book by P. D. Eastman. It was later made into a series of the same name from Netflix.

RuPaul's Drag U

RuPaul's Drag U (as in "Drag University") is an American reality television series. It debuted July 19, 2010, on Logo TV. Its final episode aired in August 2012. It was hosted by RuPaul and a team of drag queen "professors". "Drag U" was a spin-off of "RuPaul's Drag Race". RuPaul confirmed on May 8, 2013 via Twitter that the series had been cancelled.
Contestants from "RuPaul's Drag Race" appear on "RuPaul's Drag U" as professors.


Kehkashan Basu

Kehkashan Basu () (born June 5, 2000) is an Emirati environmental and human rights activist. She also works for peace, children’s rights, education for sustainable development, nuclear disarmament, gender equality and climate justice. She is the Founder-President of Green Hope Foundation. It is the youngest Councillor of World Future Council. It is the youngest Trustee of the Parliament of the World's Religions. She is a KidsRights Youngsters member and winner of the International Children's Peace Prize 2016.

Kehkashan was born on June 5. At the age of 8, she started planting trees and organising young people for recycling programs. At the age of 11, she spoke at the TUNZA Children and Youth Conference in Indonesia. At the age of 12, she set a record as the youngest delegate to speak at a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20).
Basu attended the Deira International School in Dubai. She moved to Canada to study further. As of December 2020, it was a third-year for her at the University of Toronto. She is studying in environmental studies and minoring in gender studies and physical and environmental geography.

She founded the Green Hope Foundation in 2012. Her goal is teaching and regulating the UN's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It includes grassroots action such as tree plantations. The organization also involves young people globally in the SDGs. It is through the community-focused projects in climate justice. It is associated with land degradation, sustainable consumption and renewable energy, and biodiversity conservation, as well as gender equality and social justice. As of now, it has more than 3000 members in total. Members are from across Canada, Suriname, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, United States, Indonesia, Malaysia, Cambodia, Australia, Kenya, The Bahamas, Chile, Vietnam, Seychelles, Sweden, The Netherlands, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Peru, Sri Lanka, India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Kiribati and Liberia. The organization works by conducting workshops and conferences around the regulation of the SDGs.
In 2017, she published the short story book "The Tree of Hope". It was in association with the illustrator Karen Webb-Meek. In the book, a young girl creates an oasis in a desert. She does so by planting trees and requesting friends to help her.

In 2021, Basu was a keynote speaker at the first annual Peace Education Day Conference, held online.



Banco Santander Rio

Banco Santander, formerly known as Santander Río in Argentina, is a financial services and commercial bank based in Spain. The bank is owned by Spanish bank Banco Santander The headquarter of the company in Buenos Aires, Argentina. it is the largest private bank in the country. The bank has 430 branches, 3.5million clients and more than 8,500 employees. The branches are in twenty-two provinces and in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires.

The bank is the third largest in Argentina. It has deposits of about billion and a loan portfolio of US$3.8 billion. It operates 262 branches and employs more than eight 5 people in Argentina . It has a network of over 1500 Banelco ATMs. This is the largest network of ATMs in the country.

In June 2019, Santander Río changed its name to Santander. In October 2021, the bank launched the Argentine version of "Superdigital". It did this to increase mobile banking. It became the fourth country in Latin America to have it after Brazil, Chile and Mexico.

Its headquarters is the Banco Santander Argentina Building. It was formerly called the Banco Río de la Plata Building. The building is in downtown Buenos Aires. It was designed in 1977 and opened in 1983 to house the headquarters of Banco Español del Río de la Plata. It has fifteen floors and a height of . The name of the building was changed when the bank changed its name.

S.A. (corporation)

S.A or SA designates a type of limited company in certain countries, most of which have a Romance language as their official language and employ civil law.

As with bearer bonds, anonymous unregistered share ownership and dividend collection enabled money laundering, tax evasion, and concealed business transactions in general, so governments passed laws to audit the practice. Nowadays, shareholders of S.A.s are not anonymous, though shares can still be held by a holding company in order to obscure the beneficiary.


Lembah Subang LRT station

Lembah Subang LRT station is a train station in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia. 

Parliament of Montenegro

The Parliament of Montenegro is the unicameral legislature of Montenegro. The Parliament currently has 81 members, with each member elected to a four-year term. Members of the house are elected using proportional representation. The first parliament was created in 1906.

Dritan Abazović

Dritan Abazović (Cyrillic: Дритан Абазовић; born 25 December 1985) is a Montenegrin politician. He is the prime minister of Montenegro from 28 April 2022 until 31 October 2023. He is the leader of the United Reform Action party. He was deputy prime minister in the cabinet of Zdravko Krivokapić from 2020 until 2022.

In August 2022, a motion of no confidence against Abazović was passed in the Parliament of Montenegro, after a dispute with his coalition government over an agreement the government signed with the Serbian Orthodox Church.

Kōji Omi

Omi died on 14 April 2022 from pneumonia in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 89.

Pedro López (serial killer)

Pedro Alonso López (born 8 October 1948) is a Colombian serial killer and child rapist. He murdered about 110 young girls from 1969 to 1980 and claimed to have murdered over 350 victims across Colombia, Peru and Ecuador. He was released from a Colombian asylum in 1998.

López became known as the Monster of the Andes in 1980, when he led police to 53 graves in Ecuador. The victims were all girls between 9 and 12 years of age. In 1983, he was found guilty of the murder of 110 girls in Ecuador. He further confessed to another 240 murders in Peru and Colombia.

He is currently free and was deported to Mexico and now 75.

Judy Henske

Judith Anne Henske (December 20, 1936 – April 27, 2022) was an American folk singer-songwriter. Her 1963 recording of "High Flying Bird" was a well known folk-rock song. Her 1969 album "Farewell Aldebaran" was very popular.

Henske died on April 27, 2022 from a long-illness in Los Angeles, California at the age of 85.

Marcelo Tinelli

Marcelo Hugo Tinelli (San Carlos de Bolívar, April 1, 1960) is an Argentine television presenter, businessman, actor, radio host, sports journalist, sports director, philanthropist and television producer. He was the 20th president of Club Atlético San Lorenzo de Almagro from December 18, 2019 until his resignation on April 30, 2022.

During his television career, Tinelli has been the host and producer of humor and entertainment programs such as Rhythm of the night and Showmatch (ex Videomatch). Likewise, he began his career on the radio at a very young age, being a cadet in a sports program at the time. In addition, he is also one of the main audiovisual producers on various television channels in his country, among them, El Trece, which, first with the products of his former production company, Ideas del Sur, of which he was its founder and currently it is with LaFlia Contents, its new production company.

Marcelo is the only child of the marriage that was formed by María Esther Domeño (teacher, died in 1994) and Dino Tinelli (sports journalist, died in 1971); furthermore, he is the cousin of the musician Luciano "Tirri" Giugno; and grandson of José Domeño, who owned two newspapers.

In 1986, Tinelli married his first wife, Soledad Aquino, who comes from one of the most traditional families in San Isidro. They both met on "Badía y Compañía", a program by the well-remembered announcer and host Juan Alberto Badía, when he was doing the sports notes and she was working for the production, with the audience in what, at that time, was the main studio of the channel El Thirteen. With her he had two older daughters: Micaela (1988) and Candelaria (1990). In 1993 the couple separated.

In 1997 he married for the second time with the dancer and actress Paula Robles, whom he met during the recordings of the program he hosted, "Rhythm of the night", where she was one of the members of the dance group called "Las Tinelli". The couple had their children Francisco (1998) and Juana (2002). After 12 years, the couple divorced in 2009.

Some time later, in 2012, Marcelo currently met his current partner, the model and actress Guillermina Valdés, with whom they had Lorenzo, his fifth child.

He is the creator and president of production companies that generate unitary series, soap operas, and programs of general interest for television in his country and international television.



Neal Adams

Neal Adams (June 15, 1941 – April 28, 2022)was an American comic book artist. He was the co-founder of the graphic design studio Continuity Associates. Adams co-created the characters Ra's al Ghul, Man-Bat, and John Stewart for DC Comics.

Adams died on April 28, 2022 in New York City from problems caused by sepsis, aged 80.

Jean-Claude Fruteau

Jean-Claude Fruteau (6 June 1947 – 28 April 2022) was a French politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament for France's ""outre mer"" from 1999 to 2007. He was a member of the Socialist Party, which was part of the Party of European Socialists. Fruteau was a member of the National Assembly from 2007 until 2017. He was also Mayor of Saint-Benoît, Réunion from 2008 until his death.

Fruteau died on 28 April 2022 at the age of 74.

Nader Talebzadeh

Nader Talebzadeh Ordubadi (; 25 December 1953 – 29 April 2022) was an Iranian researcher, movie director and movie producer. He was known for his 2007 movie "The Messiah". Talebzadeh was born in Tehran, Iran. His career began in 1979.

Talebzadeh died on 29 April 2022 in Tehran from heart failure at the age of 68.

Abul Maal Abdul Muhith

Abul Maal Abdul Muhith (; 25 January 1934 – 30 April 2022) was a Bangladeshi economist, writer, and politician. He was Bangladesh's Finance Minister from January 2009 until January 2019. Muhith was also a member of the Jatiya Sangsad from 2009 until 2018. He was a member of the Awami League. Muhith was born in Sylhet, Bangladesh.

Muhith went in the hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh in March 2022. He died on 30 April 2022 at the age of 88.

Imperial presidency

Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. popularized the term "imperial presidency" during the Nixon administration in his 1973 book "Imperial presidency". The term implies the self-imposed rule by one leader or emperor within a constitutionally established government. Most would consider the U.S.A. government to be democratically controlled, but it is the constitution’s 3 branches (Executive, Judicial, and Legislative) that create and impose the of constitutionally upheld rule law. Though the U.S.A. is considered a democracy because it's constitution is a living document, malleable and changeable according to the interest of a democratically elected congress.

While only the Congress and Administrative branches are democratically elected by its legal voting citizens, the inclusion of all its people such as women, slaves, indentured servants, and men who didn't own land was only made possible 121 years after the Constitution came into force in 1789. This excludes the voter Rights Act of 1965.

Sea Ranch, California

Sea Ranch is an unincorporated community in Sonoma County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 1,169 people lived there.

Robert B. Parker

Robert Brown Parker (September 17, 1932 – January 18, 2010) was an American writer. His most famous works were the 40 novels written about the fictional private detective Spenser.

Parker died suddenly of a heart attack at his home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on January 18, 2010 a the age of 77.

Robin Tunney

Robin Tunney (born June 19, 1972) is an American actress. She is known for her movie roles in "Empire Records" (1995) and "The Craft" (1996). She also played Veronica Donovan on "Prison Break" (2005–2006) and Teresa Lisbon on the television series "The Mentalist" (2008–2015).

She is a cousin of Chicago Alderman Tom Tunney.

Flag of Prague

The flag of Prague, officially the flag of the capital city of Prague is one of the symbols of Prague.

Kim Keon-hee

Kim Keon-hee (; born 2 September 1972) is a South Korean businesswoman. She is the current First Lady of South Korea as the wife of President Yoon Suk-yeol. She is also currently the chief executive officer and president of the South Korean art exhibition company, Covana Contents.

Kim was born on 2 September 1972 in Yangpyeong, South Korea. She attended Myungil Girls' High School. She graduated from Kyonggi University with an art degree.

In 2009, Kim established Covana Contents, a company that specializes in art exhibitions. She has been the chief executive officer and president since then. In 2019, the media reported that she had allegedly not paid taxes. Kim has been investigated for allegedly taking kickbacks for hosting art exhibitions.

In 2021, there were reports that Kim had inflated her resume with connections to the New York University Stern School of Business. She later publicly apologized.

Kim married Yoon Suk-yeol in 2012. On 10 March 2022, when her husband was elected president of South Korea, Kim said that she preferred the term first spouse to first lady.

New Braunfels Independent School District

New Braunfels Independent School District (NBISD for short) is a public school district in New Braunfels, Texas.

Today's Special

Today's Special is a children's television programme 'produced by Anne Wood and Clive VanderBurgh at Ragdoll Productions and TVOntario, respectively.
A mannequin with a magic hat that makes him come to life when someone says "hocus pocus alimagocus".
The store's display designer.
An old man who's the store's security guard.
A mouse who speaks in a Welsh accent, living in the store all the time.

Mount Damavand

Mount Damavand is the tallest mountain in Iran and Western Asia, and the tallest volcano in Asia, and the third tallest volcano in the Eastern Hemisphere (after Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Elbrus), at in total elevation. Mount Damavand is a dormant volcano in northern Iran about northeast of Iran's capital city of Tehran.

Students' union

A students' union or student union, sometimes called students' council, student government, free student union, student senate, students' association or guild of students is a student organization in many colleges, universities, and some high schools. In higher education, the students' union often has its own building on the campus, for social, and organizational activities. The students' union may have a voice in the running of the college. It may have its own staff. They often organise sports teams and entertainment. 

In many countries there is a national organisation of students. There is a European Students' Union which has 45 national unions of students from 40 countries.

Loss prevention

In retail, loss prevention is the personnel that stores typically have for the prevention (or more accurately, minimalization) of shoplifting.

Gated community

A gated community is a subdivision that has one or more gated entrances. Many people like living in gated subdivisions for the exclusivity and sense of security these neighborhoods offer. Dwellings in gated communities can be detached houses, semi-detached houses, terraced houses apartments, etc. These communities typically have regular (usually monthly) maintenance fees to pay for the gates, amenities, etc or these costs are typically built in to the rent in the case of rental communities. 

Amenities of gated communities can include

And many more.

Terraced house

A terraced house (in British English) or townhouse/townhome or rowhome (in North American English) is one of at least three attached dwellings in a single row. These houses are common in urban areas and typically have two or more storeys. Townhouse can also refer to a grand urban residence, especially one built in the 19th century and earlier such as brownstone houses.

Zareen Khan

Zareen Khan, birthly spelled as Zarine Khan, is an Indian actress and model who mainly working in the Hindi language movies. She has also appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Punjabi films. She made her debut in playing the role of a princess in 2010 war action drama film "Veer".

Brownstone house

A brownstone house or simply brownstone is a kind of townhouse common in large, historic cities like London, New York City and Boston. The term brownstone refers to the type of stone that some of these houses are built of, although these townhouses can also be built of other types of stone or brick. These houses tend to have at least four floors traditionally laid out with the raised basement or ground floor typically housing servants quarters, any casual recreational facilities and the utility rooms including the main kitchen. The main floor typically was one floor level above the ground floor, holding the formal rooms (dining room, parlour, withdrawing room, etc) and often called the piano nobile noble level or parlor floor.The floor level or levels above contained the bedrooms, more casual spaces and beginning in the late 19th century, bathrooms. Many of these brownstones now have been converted into small apartment buildings or rooming houses.

Piano nobile

The piano nobile, meaning noble floor is the main level of a palace, mansion or castle when the floor level is raised above the ground floor. This level often holds the most formal rooms.

Rooming house

A rooming house is an establishment, contained in a single family house that provides individual bedrooms for rent and may or may not include meals as part of the rental rate.

North American English

North American English is the collective term for the varieties of English spoken in the United States and Canada.

Semi-detached house

A semi-detached house or duplex (also twin home etc) is one of a pair of attached houses.

Security company

A private protection agency or security company is a business or department of a business for protecting people and property. Examples include bodyguard companies and retail loss prevention.

Twin Oaks Community, Virginia

Twin Oaks Community is a community in Virginia.

Alexandre de Beauharnais

Alexandre François Marie, Viscount of Beauharnais (28 May 1760 — 23 July 1794) was a French politician and general during the French Revolution. He was the first husband of Joséphine de Beauharnais, who later became Empress of the French through her marriage to Napoleon.

Beauharnais was born in Fort-Royal (now Fort-de-France), Martinique. He was the son of a governor, François de Beauharnais, Marquess de la La Ferté-Beauharnais, and his wife Marie Anne Henriette Françoise Pyvart de Chastullé. Beauharnais’ parents decided that it would be a good idea to arrange him to marry someone. And so he did on On 13 December 1779, in Paris to the 16 year old Joséphine Tascher de la Pagerie. There marriage was not happy as Beauharnais said he was only marrying "because his father forced him to do so." They had 2 children together, Eugène and Hortense. 

Beauharnais fought in Louis XVI’s army during the American Revolutionary War. He represented the French nobility in the Estates-General and was president of the National Constituent Assembly from June 19, 1791 to July 3, 1791 and again from 31 July to 14 August 1791. He was then made a general in 1792, during the French Revolutionary Wars. In 1793, he refused to become Minister of War. Later the same year, he was named General-in-Chief of the Army of the Rhine. 

On 2 March 1794, the Committee of General Safety ordered his arrest, accusing him of poorly defending Mainz during the siege of 1793, and because he was a part of the nobility. He was jailed at Carmes Prison and was sentenced to death during the Reign of Terror. His wife, Joséphine was arrested in the same prison on 21 April 1794. Joséphine survived, but Beauharnais was guillotined, together with his cousin Augustin, on the Place de la Révolution, only a week before the trial and execution of Maximilien Robespierre.

The Cock-Eyed World

The Cock-Eyed World is a 1929 American musical comedy movie directed by Raoul Walsh and is the sequel to "What Price Glory?". It stars Victor McLaglen, Edmund Lowe, Lili Damita, El Brendel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


All-you-can-eat restaurant

An all-you-can-eat restaurant (AYCE) is a restaurant where any amount of food can be eaten for one price. They are often buffets.

Herbert "Herb" Cobb McDonald, a Las Vegas publicity and entertainment manager, introduced the idea in 1946. William Pearson talked about buffets in his 1965 novel "The Muses of Ruin":

A 2011 study showed more food is eaten if buffets cost more.

COVID-19 restrictions from March 2020 briefly closed many all-you-can-eat places.

Korean barbecue, Brazilian churrasco and Chinese hot pot are often all-you-can-eat.

Unlimited drinks, mostly alcoholic drinks, are "all-you-can-drink" or "bottomless", as in "bottomless brunch" or "bottomless mimosas".

Aleta Baun

Aleta Baun is an Indonesian environmental activist. She is known as the "Indonesian Avatar".

She won the 2013 Goldman Environmental Prize. It was for organizing hundreds of local villagers to peacefully live in the marble mining sites in “weaving protests”. It stopped destruction of sacred forest lands on Mutis Mountain on the island of Timor.

She is a leader of indigenous Mollo people. She was born to a family of farmers. She lost her mother at a young age. She was raised by other women and elders in the village. She was taught to respect the environment as a source of the spiritual identity and livelihood. As a community leader, she shares the traditional knowledge with others. She was also known as “Mama Aleta.”

Mama Aleta's work made her a target for the mining interests and local authorities. She survived from an attempt to be killed. Once Mama Aleta even went into hiding in a forest with her baby.

Mama Aleta grew the movement to include hundreds of villagers. It is associated with a weaving occupation. 150 women spent a year sitting on the marble rocks at the mining site. They quietly wove their traditional clothes in protest. Women were traditionally responsible for getting food, dye and medicine from the mountains. Mining in these mountains would have directly impacted their livelihoods. While the women protested at the mine, the men provided domestic support at home, cooking, cleaning and caring for the children.

Among the villagers’ peaceful presence, marble mining became increasingly undeniable for the companies involved. Public awareness of the weaving occupation was growing. Indonesian government officials took notice. By 2010, the mining companies started reacting to the pressure. They started mining at all four sites within the Mollo territories. They stopped their operations.

Mama Aleta now helps communities across West Timor to map their traditional forests. She works in water security and indigenous peoples' natural resource management and land rights.

Super Trucks

Super Trucks Racing (or simply as Super Trucks in Europe and Japan) is an racing game developed by Jester Interactive and published by XS Games exclusively on PlayStation 2. All drivers and sponsorship information are based on the 2001`"Super Trucks" racing series.

Niloufar Bayani

Niloufar Bayani (born 1986; ) is an Iranian wildlife conservationist, researcher and activist. She was sentenced in 2019 of spying by Iranian authorities in a secret trial in Iran. She received a 10-year prison sentence.

Niloufar Bayani was born in 1986 in Tehran, Iran. Bayani completed her graduation in 2009 from McGill University in Canada. Her degree was in BSc in Biology. She got an MA degree in Conservation Biology from Columbia University.

After graduation, Bayani worked as a consultant and project adviser to United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) between 2012 and 2017.

In the summer of 2017, she joined the Persian Wildlife Heritage Foundation (PWHF). It was an Iranian environmental organization. It was co-founded by Kavous Seyed-Emami and other Iranian environmentalists. PWHF is a not-for-profit organization. It is controlled by a board of trustees and an executive board. These members are well talented in conservation techniques and natural resource management. In Iran, she worked on the wildlife projects. It was setting camera traps in 7 places to look after the critically endangered Asiatic cheetah.

Bayani was arrested in January 2018 by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. She was charged of spying. Others arrested and imprisoned from PWHF are Seyed-Emami, Amir Hossein Khaleghi, Abdolreza Kouhpayeh, Hooman Jokar, Morad Tahabaz, Sam Rajabi, Sepideh Kashani and Taher Ghadirian. 

In 2019, Bayani wrote an open letter to Ayatollah Khamenei. In the letter, she was describing her extremely bad treatment by her investigators. On February 18, 2020, published letters that Bayani wrote from Evin Prison. In the letter, she detailed the tortures she suffered. According to a report from the BBC, she was separated for eight months and her questioners tortured and threatened her with sexual assault. Bayani said that her investigators showed her a photo of Seyed-Emami. The body of Seyed-Emami was found in his prison cell two days after his arrest. The associated officials claimed that Seyed-Emami had committed suicide.

She was sentenced in 2020 without a lawyer. It was despite her claims.

On March 14, 2019 the European Parliament announced that the Iranian government is violating the human rights, freedom of expression, fair trial, freedom of the press, freedom of thought and freedom of religion. In particular, the document refers to the case of Bayani and the other environmentalists in point 14. They were asking the Iranian authorities to release all the individuals. These individuals were unfairly tortured in their prisons for false charges of crimes.

The 's , on January 28, 2020, published a Report on the conditions of human rights in Iran. It expresses the concern of the . It was regarding the conditions of respect of the fundamental human rights. It relates to the case of the eight unlucky environmentalists, including Bayani. She is accused of "collaborating with the United States enemy state". She also been charged to refund the income received as a consultant and project adviser to United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) between 2012 and 2017. The Rapporteur invited the Iranian authorities to ensure the respect of the work. It was followed by the scientific community for the benefits of the Iranian country.

Scholars at Risk (SAR) is an international network of institutions and individuals. It promotes academic freedom and protect scholars from academic freedom threats. SAR has been actively supporting Bayani. They were sending letters to public authorities in Iran. They were running many meetings in universities. They were organising many online activities through social networks.

Following Bayani's exposition of the sexual and psychological harassment of the investigators, the Tehran Prosecutor's Office rejected the charges. The Office was claiming that all the questioning procedures had been videotaped. They further said that the videos were linked with the issue to accusations and planned actions just before the election. It claimed that the judiciary was sensitive to the honour of defendants, convicts and prisoners.

The exposition of the behavior of the intelligence investigators to Bayani was widely reported on social media. In a statement on Twitter, the Iranian reformist political activist Mostafa Tajzadeh called for the truth in Bayani's case. He was also asking for the punishment of the violators.


Law of truly large numbers

The law of truly large numbers (a statistical comment), says that with a large enough number of independent samples, any result with constant probability formula_1 is likely to be seen. We may highlight unlikely events and notice them more. 

The law is often used to falsify different pseudo-scientific claims.

Scinax quinquefasciatus

Fowler's snouted tree frog ("Scinax quinquefasciatus") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Human beings accidentally brought it to the Galapagos Islands. Scientists have seen it as high as 620 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.6–38.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.9–38.9 mm long. This frog can be in different colors. It can be light brown or dark brown with darker marks and other patterns. Its belly is the color of cream.

This frog sometimes has a mark on its stomach that looks like five lines coming out from the same middle. Its Latin name means "five rays."

Patrick Strzoda

Patrick Strzoda (; born 5 January 1952) is a the current chief of staff at the Élysée Palace of Emmanuel Macron. Strzoda is currently the representative of the French Co-prince of Andorra.

Bennettitales

Bennettitales (also known as cycadeoids) is an extinct order of seed plants.

They first appeared in the Permian period and became extinct in most places toward the end of the Cretaceous. Bennettitales are among the most common Mesozoic seed plants. They looked like shrubs or cycads. 

Although the leaves of the Bennettitales looked like that of cycads, they had more complex flower-like reproductive organs. So some of them were probably pollinated by insects.

Certainly Bennettitales were cone-bearing seed plants. However, their relationship to other seed plants is unclear.

Archaeopteris

Archaeopteris is an extinct genus of progymnosperm tree with fern-like leaves. This tree is found in strata from the Upper Devonian to Lower Carboniferous. 

For a while, 383 to 323 million years ago, it was the dominant tree all over the Earth. They had a world-wide distribution. On all the land areas that were habitable, they all had this tree.

Until the 2007 discovery of "Wattieza", many botanists thought "Archaeopteris" was the earliest known tree. It has buds, reinforced branch joints, and branched trunks similar to today's wood. It is more like modern seed-bearing trees than other spore-bearing plants. It is a bit like woody trees and herbaceous ferns. These extinct plants are sometimes called the progymnosperms. They are plants with gymnosperm-like wood but which produce spores rather than seeds.

Because it bears spores. it is an ancestor of the gymnosperms.

Anglophone nationalism in Cameroon

Anglophone nationalism in Cameroon is a nationalist movement in the Northwest and Southwest regions of Cameroon, which advocates for greater autonomy for those regions, if not outright independence. Anglophone nationalism also seeks to preserve and promote English-speaking Cameroon's specific and distinctive identity and values : its legal, administrative, educational and cultural institutions inherited from British colonialism. 

On 1 September 1961, the Franco-Cameroonian parliament voted in favour of the new constitution. It was essentially the version for the Foumban conference, drafted beforehand by Ahidjo and his French advisers. To be binding under international law, it should also have been voted on by the parliament of the Southern Cameroons. This did not happen. 

The absence of intergovernmental agreement and compromise is cited by pro-independence representatives of Ambazonia as a key feature of the illegality of the union. Another concern mentioned is that the federal constitution gives the impression that former French Cameroon has taken over Southern Cameroons. To achieve this, it chooses the detour of the federation form.

The French president at the time, Georges Pompidou, referred to Southern Cameroons as a small gift from the Queen of England to France. Contrary to the United Nations General Assembly's binding resolution 1514 (XV) of December 14, 1960, on the granting of independence to all colonial peoples and countries, Britain transferred Southern Cameroons to the sovereignty of a foreign country, French Cameroon, and not to the government of Southern Cameroons, as required by international law. On September 30, British administrators left Cameroon and the French government. On September 30, the British administrators left the Southern Cameroons. The next day, the French-Cameroonian army crossed the border. They disarmed the armed police in Southern Cameroons. It is described as a seizure of power by force. A Franco-Cameroonian official was appointed to the position of Governor General of Southern Cameroons. His official title was Federal Inspector of Administration. He reported directly to the President of French Cameroon. A series of other Franco-Cameroonian officials followed, including later his police force, which literally took over Southern Cameroons.

In a memorandum dated March 20, 1985, the Anglophone lawyer and president of the Cameroonian Bar Association, Fongum Gorji Dinka, wrote that Biya's government was unconstitutional and announced that the former Southern Cameroons should become independent as the Republic of Ambazonia. Dinka was imprisoned the following January without trial and thus became a "martyr" to the separatist cause. The name Ambazonia was used to refer to the country's independence. The name Ambazonia was used in 1984 by Fon Gorji-Dinka (leader of the Ambazonia advocacy group), when the parliament and government of the Republic of Cameroon changed the name of the country from the "United Republic of Cameroon" to the "Republic of Cameroon", based on the name of the pre-reunification French-speaking Cameroon, the "République du Cameroun". For some, including Gorji-Dinka, Bernard Fonlon and Carlson Anyangwe, especially in the former British Cameroons, this meant the dissolution of the personal union of 1961. It was in this sense that from 1984 onwards, Ambazonia was declared as an intervention by the people of Southern Cameroon to restore the statehood of the former British territory of Southern Cameroon, which Ambazonia saw not as a fait accompli of a single Cameroonian state, but as an opportunity to engage the two states in a "constitutional review" of their relations after 1984. The Gorji-Dinka group believed that "by operation of law" there should be equal participation of the two states that formed the defunct federation in a new vision of relations between their countries (the Republic of Cameroon and Southern Cameroon). In the document, called the "New Social Order", Ambazonia's proposal for the Confederation of Independent Cameroon-Ambazonia Nations (CACIN) was summarily rejected by the Republic of Cameroon. Instead, the leader of the Ambazonia Restoration Council (ARC), Fon Gorji-Dinka, was arrested and tried for treason for demanding the continued sovereignty of "Southern Cameroonians" in the Republic of Ambazonia.

In 1992, Fongum Gorji Dinka, on behalf of the State of the Republic of Ambazonia, filed a lawsuit against the Republic of Cameroon and President Paul Biya on the main charge of illegal and forced occupation of the Republic of Cameroon since the dissolution of the United Republic of Cameroon in 1984 and the declaration of the Republic of Ambazonia. This trial was registered in the High Court of Bamenda, in the northwestern region of Cameroon, under number HCB28/92. There are conflicting reports on the outcome of this case.

In 1994, John Ngu Foncha and Salomon Tandeng Muna, both former prime ministers of Western Cameroon, returned to the United Nations in New York and called for autonomy for English-speaking Cameroon. The mission to the UN preceded the All Anglophone Conference (AAC I) held in Buea, which brought together all the citizens of Anglophone Cameroon who unanimously called for the restoration of statehood to Western Cameroon.11 A second Anglophone Conference (AAC II) was held in Buea in November 2007. A second Anglophone conference (AAC II) was held in Bamenda, where the decisions of AAC I were reiterated and French Cameroon was given "reasonable time" to accept a return to the federation of the two states, failing which the people of English-speaking Cameroon would have no choice but to restore their statehood and independence. However, the implementation of the AAC-I and AAC-II was paralyzed by the brutal arrests and imprisonment of AAC leaders and the flight into exile of several others.

In 2005, the Republic of Ambazonia became a member of the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization (UNPO), which was renewed in 2018.13 In a 2005 ruling by the United Nations Court of Human Rights, the Republic of Ambazonia was declared a member of UNPO. In a 2005 ruling by the UN Court of Human Rights (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), in its communication 1134/2002, the UN Court of Human Rights ruled in favor of compensating Fon Gorji-Dinka for the human rights violations committed against him and for the assurances he received regarding the enjoyment of his civil and political rights.

On August 31, 2006, the Southern Cameroons Peoples Organisation (SCAPO) formally proclaimed the independence of the Republic of Ambazonia, which includes the disputed territory of Bakassi.


Dyhia Belhabib

| agent = 
| notable_works = 
Dyhia Belhabib is an environmental scientist and researcher. She is specialised in illegal fishing, conservation, artisanal fishing and food security. As of now, she is a main fishery investigator for Ecotrust Canada. She is the founder of Spyglass. Her research has studied the relationship between fishing industries and the illegal drug trade. She has also found the conflict between artisanal fishing, illegal fishing, climate change and international fishing subsidies. She also stood for the decolonization and greater equity in ocean science.

Mabel Cañada Zorrilla

Mabel Cañada Zorrilla (b. 1952) is a Spanish environmentalist. She is an antimilitarist and . She is the founder of the ecovillage of Lakabe. It is a town recovered in 40 years ago and united into the "Iberian Ecovillage Network".

Mabel Cañada was born in the Santutxu neighborhood of Bilbao in 1952. She is a daughter of Ángel, a Burgos glassmaker and Isabel, a Balmasedana. She stopped studying nursing to take care of her father. She is the second child of the five sisters and two brothers. She is a mother of 4 children. She is active in groups such as the (MOC). It is the feminist movement. She is also active in groups against large infrastructures like nuclear power plants or the Itoiz reservoir in Navarra.

She was one of the founders of the community of Lakabe (Navarra) in 1980. It is an unpopulated town that was later recovered. In the place, coexistence is based on self-management, self-sufficiency, self-consumption, mutual help and team work.

Cañada has been trained in many ways to create collectivity. She is taught to express oneself in a group, to live in community, to organise structures allowing horizontal decision-making, in process facilitation, experimental education and non-violent communication. It has also been formed in other communities such as Findhorn.

Since 2004, she has been providing many changes to the processes, performances from many situations for social groups. She has accompanied them in their own processes. She has taught them the courses and workshops.

Vercors (writer)

Vercors (born 26th February 1902 in Paris; died 10th June 1991) was a French writer. His real name was Jean Marcel Adolphe Bruller. During the Second World War he was part of the French resistance. Today, he is known for his caricatures and his book Le Silence de la mer (the silence of the sea), which he published in 1942.

Santikos Theatres

Santikos Theatres (also known as Santikos Entertainment) is a Texan movie theater and entertainment center chain based in San Antonio, Texas.

Wolves of the Air

Wolves of the Air is a 1927 American silent action movie directed by Francis Ford and starring Johnnie Walker, Lois Boyd, Maurice Costello, Mildred Harris, Gayne Whitman, Billy Bletcher. It was distributed by Sterling Pictures.

Arizona Bound (1927 movie)

Arizona Bound is a 1927 American western movie directed by John Waters and starring Gary Cooper, Betty Jewel, El Brendel, Jack Dougherty, Christian J. Frank, Charles Cockett. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a lost movie.


Children of Divorce (1927 movie)

Children of Divorce is a 1927 American romantic drama movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and Frank Lloyd and was based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Owen Johnson. It stars Clara Bow, Esther Ralston, Gary Cooper, Norman Trevor, Hedda Hooper, Einar Hanson, Edward Martindel, Iris Stuart and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Négritude

The Negritude was a movement that occurred in the mid 20th century in Senegal. The movement was lead by Leopold Sedar Senghor, the president of Senegal at the time (1960-1980). It was a literary and political movement. Many black writers joined. Most were French-speaking

Joan Carling

Joan Carling (born 1963) is an indigenous Filipino human rights activist and environmentalist. She has protected the rights of the native and discriminated peoples for over twenty years. She has served as Secretary General of the Asia Indigenous Peoples Pact (AIPP). She was a chairperson of the Cordillera People's Alliance in the Philippines. Carling has also contributed to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. She has also contributed to the . She has served as a member of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFii). In September 2018, she was given the Champions of the Earth Lifetime Achievement Award from the United Nations Environment Programme. It was in recognition of her work as an environmentalist and a defender of human rights.

She was born on 30 June 1963 in Baguio City. She is the daughter of a half-Japanese, half-Kankanaey father and a Kankanaey mother. The Kankanaey people belongs to the . They are based in the Mountain Province in the mountain range. After completing high school, she studied social sciences at the . She has specialized in sociology. She graduated in 1986.

While still at college, in 1984 she fell extremely sad with the murder of Macli-ing Dulag. The victim had been campaigning against the Chico River Dam Project. It was in order to protect the native Kalinga people. She attended his memorial in Sadanga. For the next three years after this, she joined in efforts towards community integration. She became a human rights activist in .

In 1989, she attended a conference on ethnocide and militarization in Mindanao. During that time, she was one of 16 delegates to be arrested. It was because they were members of the Communist New People's Army. After a number of protests, they were finally released. In 1998, she campaigned against the construction of the . On returning to Baguio, she joined the Cordillera Peoples Alliance. She became the Secretary General in 1997 and Chair from 2003 to 2006.

From September 2008, she served for two periods as Secretary General of the AIPP. She was representing its 47-member organization. She has written and edited publications on human rights, climate change, forest conservation, sustainable development and indigenous women. From 2014 to 2016, she served as member of the UNPFii. In 2014, she edited "Her Story of Empowerment, Leadership and Justice". It was on indigenous women in Asia. It was published by AIPP.

She took the role of the Co-convener of the Indigenous Peoples Major Group on the Sustainable Development Goals. In February 2018, she was called as a terrorist by the Filipino authorities. It was for an alleged connection with the Communist Party of the Philippines and the New People's Army.

In September 2018, she received the Champions of the Earth Lifetime Achievement Award from the United Nations Environment Programme. It was in recognition of her work as an environmentalist and a defender of human rights.

Carling was one of the Filipino women importantly shown in an honour to female game changers at Irish rock band U2's 2019 Joshua Tree Tour during its Manila leg.


Ana Colovic Lesoska

Ana Čolović Lešoska (born c.1979) is a Macedonian biologist. Since 2011, she has campaigned against the construction of dams for hydroelectric power production in the Mavrovo National Park. It was in order to protect the threatened species, including the Balkan lynx. This led to the removal of loans from the World Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD). It was convincing the Government of North Macedonia to hold on the further works on dams in the national park. For her works, in April 2019, she was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize.
Colovic Lesoska heard about plans to create hydroelectric power facilities in Mavrovo in 2010. They included the 33m-high dam and the 70m-high dam. She was an executive director of Eko-svest. It was a Macedonian environmental research centre. It was in collaboration with other NGOs and activists. She launched the "Save Mavrovo" campaign. In November 2011, she complained about the ERBD. She explained that they had approved a loan for the Boškov Most project without conducting the required biodiversity assessment. She encouraged the ambassadors of countries with representatives on the EBRD board. She encouraged them to push for an end to the funding. A petition she launched was urging the government. They were urging the ERBD and the World Bank to bring the projects to a close. It was supported by almost 100,000 signatures.

In 2013, she complained to the Berne Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats. She explained that the Boškov Most hydropower project "could have a decisive negative impact on the lynx". In December 2015, the Berne Convention ordered the ERBD and the World Bank to hold on the financing as the project could have "a decisive negative impact on the lynx". The World Bank immediately remove funding. During the following month of May, a court decided to stop the environmental permit for the Boškov Most project. In January 2017, the EBRD cancelled financing.

For her achievements, in April 2019 Ana Colovic Lesoska was given the Goldman Environmental Prize. It was the first time the prize had been awarded to a North Macedonian.


Autonomous University of Barcelona

The Autonomous University of Barcelona (also known as UAB) is a public university of Spain created in 1968 and located in Bellaterra, Sardanyola del Vallés, Catalonia.

UAB has 105 degrees, 328 postdegrees programs and 90 PhD programs.

During October 2021, UAB servers felt down during COVID-19 pandemic.

During December 2018, some students got a death threat. This is because UAB is consider to be ideologized to the left-wing, supporting Catalan independence and Pere Aragonès movement.

Rector (academia)

A rector of a university is the leader of the administration of the university.

Francisco Javier Lafuente

Francisco Javier Lafuente Sancho (Barcelona, 1960) is from 2020 the rector of the Autonomous University of Barcelona.

Rector of the Autonomous University of Barcelona

The Rector of the Autonomous University of Barcelona is the highest managing person at the Autonomous University of Barcelona.

Scinax pachycrus

The Pocao snouted tree frog ("Scinax pachycrus") is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

Phoebus cartel

The Phoebus cartel was formed by Osram, General Electric, Associated Electrical Industries and Phillips among others in 1925.

The cartel lowered operational costs and worked to standardize the life expectancy of light bulbs at 1,000 hours (down from 2,500 hours)

Kathryn L. Cottingham

Kathryn Linn Cottingham is an ecologist, evolutionist, environmentalist and social scientist. 
She is a Professor of Ecology, Evolution, Environment and Society in the John Sloan Dickey Center for International Understanding at Dartmouth College. She is a Fellow of the Ecological Society of America and American Association for the Advancement of Science. From 2020, she serves as editor-in-chief of the journal "".

Cottingham got her bachelor's degree at Drew University in 1990. Here, she studied mathematics and biology. 
She played lacrosse and field hockey. Cottingham played Lacrosse in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III Tournament during her first season. She was on the team that won the 1988 championship. She was the only NCAA Division III athlete to earn one of the Disney Scholar-Athlete Awards. 
She went to the University of Wisconsin–Madison for her graduation. She got her master's and doctoral degrees at there. Her supervisor was . She was supported by a National Collegiate Athletic Association postgraduate fellowship. Her PhD research in the Center for Limnology evaluated the effects of nutrients and the food web structure on plankton. She was one of the first groups of the postdoctoral researchers at the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis. Here, she made early warning indicators. She also made many ways to study community activities.

Cottingham studies the activities of lake plankton communities and relationships between and aquatic ecosystems. She joined the teaching staffs at Dartmouth College in 1998. She has studied the reasons that cyanobacteria occur. She also studied about the results of the algal blooming in low nutrient clear-water lakes. She has studied many ways to manage the growth of these blooms and control the negative effects of them on ecosystems. Cottingham showed that cyanobacterial blooms create their own favourable environments. It is driving and cycling. Else, the results are . She has started work with computer scientists to use big information and artificial intelligence. It is to know about the cyanobacteria across the . The information will be collected using robotic boats, buoys and drones along with cameras.
Cottingham also works on environmental health. She worked about the occurrence of arsenic in food and drinking water. Her 2012 research on pregnant women's rice consumption and arsenic exposure was selected by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) as one of the most important papers of the year. According to her studies, women who ate rice had considerably higher urinary arsenic concentrations than those who did not eat rice. She went on to show that white wine, beer, Brussels sprouts and salmon increased arsenic levels in humans.

From 2017 to 2019 Cottingham was a National Science Foundation Program Director in the Division of Environmental Biology. She returned to Dartmouth College in 2019. Cottingham is involved with several public engagement projects. It includes acting as Vice Chair of the Science Advisory Boards of the Lake Sunapee Protective Association and Jefferson Project at Lake George.



Cottingham is the Editor-in-Chief of "".

Faiza Darkhani

Faiza Darkhani (born c. 1992) is an Afghan environmentalist, women's rights activist and educator. In the year 2021, she was a part of the list. It includes the most inspiring and influential women in the world. Darkhani is one of the few scholars of climate change in Afghanistan. Formerly, she was the director of the National Environmental Protection Agency in .

She studied in the Badakhshan University. Later, she studied at University of Putra Malaysia (also known as Universiti Putra Malaysia). She graduated with a degree in landscape architecture. Her research focuses on the sustainable management of urban landscapes. She also researched on the relationship between urban agriculture and food security. 

Martha Delgado Peralta

Martha Delgado Peralta (born April 26, 1969) is a Mexican environmentalist and civil servant. Since December 1, 2018, she has served as Undersecretary for Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Martha Delgado has a degree in Pedagogy from the Intercontinental University. She graduated from the Program for Advanced Studies in Sustainable Development and the Environment LEAD from El Colegio de México. She has a certificate in Environmental Policy and International Development from Harvard University. She is currently doing graduation. 
Martha Delgado has carried out uninterrupted work in the environmental sector. It was both in the Federal Public Administration (1991 to 1998). It was directing civil society organizations. It was dedicated to the environment (1998 to 2003) and was an Independent Deputy in the III Legislature of the Assembly Legislative of the Federal District (2003 to 2006). From 1993 to 1998, she served as advisor to the Presidency of the National Institute of Ecology. She was in charge of the process of decentralization of environmental management. Later, she participated in the social management of new decrees of Natural Protected Areas. During her working, an important stage of environmental management at the subnational level was founded. A legal protection of important ecosystems was also founded in Mexico. Some of the orders in which she participated were the Huatulco National Park and the Sierra Gorda Biosphere Reserve. Between 1998 and 2003, she chaired the organizations Presencia Ciudadana Mexicana AC. It is one of the main associations for citizen participation and electoral observation in Mexico. It is the Union of Environmental Groups IAP. It brings together a hundred environmental organizations from all over the country. In Citizen Presence, she organized the deployment of 1,500 electoral observers. It was achieving the most accurate independent quick count in the 2000 Presidential election. She was leading the Union of Environmental Groups. She was able to stop the construction of the largest salt mine in the world in Baja California, in the Laguna de San Ignacio. It was the birthplace of gray whales, a threatened and endangered species. She was an Independent Deputy from 2003 to 2006 in the III Legislature of the Legislative Assembly of the Federal District. It is a position she has under the extinct Mexico Possible party. As an Independent Deputy, she created and chaired the Special Commission for Integrated Water Management. She presided over the Secretariat of the Environment of the Federal District from 2006 to 2012.

Nike Doggart

Nike Doggart is a British environmental activist, conservationist and writer.

Doggart has completed her MA and MSc degrees in education. She studied at Christ Church, Oxford and at University College, London. She began her career as a marine conservationist in Belize. Her research work is mainly based in the forests of Tanzania. Her works have discovered many new species. New species include a frog from the Eastern Arc Mountains. The species is named after her as "Arthroleptis nikeae".

Doggart is an advisor to the Tanzania Forest Conservation Group. She has successfully made the Tanzanian government to protect water and forestry resources. She made the government to promote environmentally sustainable forms of economic development. One of her most successful programs is the introduction of sustainable butterfly farming. It was for women living near the Amani Nature Reserve.

Doggart was a presenter and advisor on the BBC's "Villages on the Front Line". It was broadcasted in the year 2006. She is the Editor of "The Arc Journal".Preprint including front page naming editors


Armenians in Turkey

Armenians in Turkey (; , romanized: Hayery T’urk’iayum; "Turkish Armenians"), are ethnic Armenians living in Turkey. 

They have an estimated population of 50,000 to 70,000, down from a population of over 2 million Armenians between the years 1914 and 1921. Until the Armenian genocide of 1915, most of the Armenian population of Turkey lived in the eastern parts of the country that Armenians call Western Armenia. Today, the overwhelming majority of Turkish Armenians are concentrated in Istanbul. 

They support their own newspapers, churches and schools, and the majority belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church and a minority of Armenians in Turkey belong to the Armenian Catholic Church or to the Armenian Evangelical Church.

Of the 60,000 Christian Armenians living in Turkey, 45,000 live in Istanbul. Today, in the Kumkapı quarter in Fatih, Istanbul, the various churches Armenian, Greek Orthodox and Syriac as well as the Armenian Patriarchate of Turkey. In some ways, the quarter has even regained its reputation as an Armenian quarter. Yet, the majority of Armenians residing in Kumkapı today are immigrants from Armenia, while of the original Armenian population, only a few individuals still call Kumkapı their home. The Armenian population in Turkey, which makes up the largest Christian community in the country, "resembles an iceberg melting in the sea" with its some 60,000 members, the newly elected Armenian Apostolic Patriarch of Istanbul has said. At present, the Armenian community in Istanbul has 20 schools (including the Getronagan Armenian High School), 17 cultural and social organizations, three newspapers ("Agos", "Jamanak", "Marmara"), two sports clubs (Şişlispor, Taksimspor). 

According to Mihran Prgiç Gültekin, the head of the Union of Dersim Armenians, around 75% of the population in villages of Dersim are "converted Armenians." The greater part of hidden Armenians of Dersim, according Gultekin, is afraid that the nationalist regime may be back and may repress them. Currently over 200 families have announce their Armenian descent in Dersim, Gultekin said. In April 2013, Aram Ateşyan, the acting Armenian Patriarch of Istanbul, stated maybe that 90% of Tunceli (Dersim)'s population is of Armenian origin. In 2015, a group of citizens in Dersim (Tunceli) established the Dersim Armenians and Alevis Friendship Association (DERADOST). The opening ceremony of the association was attended by Hüseyin Tunç, then Deputy Mayor of Tunceli, Yusuf Cengiz, President of Tunceli Chamber of Commerce and Industry, representatives of non-governmental organisations and some citizens. On the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, president of the association Serkan Sariataş said that the state should face its past history as soon as possible. In 2015, 12 crypto-Armenians from Dersim baptized in Istanbul. The districts of Mazgirt, Nazımiye and Çemişgezek had a large Armenian population during the Ottoman period. A large part of this population must have been deported out of Anatolia with the deportation order of 1915. It is likely that the remaining population migrated to Western Anatolia. Through the 20th century, an many of Armenians living in the mountainous region of Dersim had converted to Alevism. During the Armenian genocide, many of the Armenians in the region were saved by their Kurdish neighbors.

In 2014, Armenians from Muş established an association. Daron Moush Armenians Solidarity Social Tourism Association made an official application after the formation of a board of seven members. The association, which started its activities in Muş and started accepting members, elected its president next week. Speaking at the foundation ceremony of the Daron Muş Armenians Solidarity, Social and Tourism Association, board member Armen Galustyan said, "Regardless of religion, Armenianism is a race, a nation, just like the Turks, Kurds and Arabs. Armenianhood is not an enmity."

Vakıflı, located in the Samandağ district of Hatay province of Turkey, is the only Armenian village in Turkey with a population of 100 people, all of whom are Armenians. The entire village population is Armenian. 

The Hemshin people, also known as Hemshinli or Hamshenis or Homshetsi, are an numerically small group of Sunni Muslim Armenians who had been converted from Christianity in the beginning of the 18th century who are affiliated with the Hemşin and Çamlıhemşin districts in the province of Rize, Turkey. They are Armenian in origin, and were originally Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church, but over the centuries evolved into a distinct ethnic group and converted to Sunni Islam after the conquest of the Ottomans of the region during the second half of the 15th century. 

Sason

An Armenian minority may still live in Sason (according to an estimate which was made in 1972, about 6,000 Armenian villagers were still living in the region).

Most Armenians in Turkey speak Turkish, not Armenian, and this rate rises to 92 percent among young people. On 21 February 2009, International Mother Language Day, a new edition of the "Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger" was released by UNESCO in which the [Western] Armenian language in Turkey was defined as a definitely endangered language, Also, Hamsheni, a branch of Western Armenian, was classified separately language. Some Muslim Hamshenis, influenced by the fact that the Homshetsi dialect of Armenian is preserved as the spoken language in their circles, accept the fact that they are of Armenian origin. However, Hamshenis in Rize have mostly forgotten their mother tongue and they speak Turkish. 

The Armenian-speaking population in Turkey according to censuses
Music culture especially developed among the Hamshenis. The first music album made by Homshetsi dialect is "Vova", which consists of anonymous folk music. The national Hamsheni instruments include "tulum", "şimşir kaval" or the "Hamshna-Zurna." Komitas, Rober Hatemo, Hayko Cepkin, Yaşar Kurt, Cem Karaca (half-Armenian), Udi Hrant Kenkulian can be given as an example to many Armenians working on Turkish and Armenian music. 

In movie acting, special mention should be made of Vahi Öz who appeared in countless movies from the 1940s until the late 1960s, Sami Hazinses (real name Samuel Agop Uluçyan) who appeared in tens of Turkish movies from the 1950s until the 1990s and Nubar Terziyan who appeared in more than 400 movies. Movie actor and director Kenan Pars (real name Kirkor Cezveciyan) and theatre and film actress Irma Felekyan (aka Toto Karaca), who was mother of Cem Karaca.

Although the Armenian place names in Turkey are mostly changed, some names are used officially today.

It estimated that 3,600 Armenian geographical locations have been changed and changed Armenian place names make up 8.8% of place names in Turkey.

Some province, district and place names of Armenian origin

Rize 
Diyarbakır 
Elâzığ 
Ağrı

Muş


Şanlıurfa

Tunceli 


Malatya 

Province names of Armenian origin


On the eve of the World War I there were estimated between 1,500,000 and 2,000,000 Armenians in the Ottoman Empire however, according to the 1914 Ottoman census, this figure is only 1,229,007, of which 1,161,169 "Armenians" and 67,838 "Armenian Catholics". Estimates of the Armenian population in Turkey today range from 50,000 to 70,000, but these number not include secret and Islamized Armenians, with population estimates ranging from 80,000 to 300,000. In 1987, Suren Eremian on Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia says 180,000 Armenians live in Turkey with more than forcibly 1,000,000 "Muslimized" Armenians. Keith David Watenpaugh says about this:

Armenians were found especially in the east of the Ottoman Empire, there were significant Armenian diasporas in Western Anatolia. 

List of Armenians born or originating in Turkey and the Ottoman Empire

The persons on the list are classified into three separate categories: 




Other millitary




Flossie Donnelly

Flossie Donnelly (born 2007) is an Irish person who studies about the sea environment. She is a school student. She was the first person to bring seabin machines to Ireland. She was making money for two of the machines. Those machines remove plastics from the waters. She appears on the RTE News to show her works.
Donnelly regularly works for climates either outside her school or at the parliament. She makes cleanups near the sea in Dún Laoghaire and Sandycove. It was along the local South Dublin near the seas. She started an environmental group called "Flossie & the Beach Cleaners". It collects money for environmental works. It was when she was eleven years old. With that, she told people about plastic pollution and its results in the sea life. She collected €4,000 for two seabin machines into Ireland. The machines can remove up to 83,000 plastic bags or 20,000 plastic bottles from the sea in one year. On World Oceans Day 2018, she led Ireland's only March for the Ocean event in Dún Laoghaire. She spoke at a TEDx Dún Laoghaire event in October 2018. In October 2019, RTÉjr said that they would follow Donnelly's works to the Citarum River in Indonesia. It is one of the world's dirtiest 'plastic' rivers. She was related to a true story recorded movie named "My Story: The Beach Cleaner." This was one of her many works for people. She did it with school children in Ireland. It was on the works to stop plastic pollution.

Margoth Escobar

Margoth Escobar is an Ecuadorian person who works for environmental
and native people's rights.
Escobar is born in a mixed European (Spanish) and Amerindian family. She was born in Puyo, Pastaza.

Escobar was against the taking away of natural things in the Ecuadorian Amazon.

In 1975, Escobar helped people in making the "Provincial Union of Peasant Organizations of Manabi" (Unión Provincial de Organizaciones Campesinas de Manabí). It was important in the saving the village lands of many families in Manabí region.

We Baby Bears

We Baby Bears is an American animated television series created by Manny Hernandez for Cartoon Network. It is a spin-off prequel of the animated series "We Bare Bears", which was created by Daniel Chong. It premiered on January 1, 2022. On January 31, 2022, the series was renewed for a second season.

"We Baby Bears" follows Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear as babies searching for a new home in a magical teleporting box.


Celebrity guest stars include: Anjali Bhimani, Rhys Darby, Janeane Garofalo, Young M.A., Jason Mantzoukas, Stephen Oyoung, Willow Smith, and Bernardo Velasco.



Mery Godigna Collet

Mery Beatriz Antonieta Godigna Collett (b. April 8, 1959 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan artist, writer, humanitarian and environmental advocate. She lives in Austin, Texas. 

The Godigna Collet family from Venezuela to Europe when she was 3 years old. She spent her childhood and adolescence in Spain, France and Italy. Godigna Collet returned to Caracas to study art, design and architecture. She got a bachelor's degree in architecture in 1987 from Universidad Central de Venezuela.

In the early 1970s, she had returned to live in Madrid, Spain. She attended the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando as an unregistered student. This was because of her young age. While there, she learned that art could be used to communicate and promote causes.

Since the start of her career, Godigna Collet tried to find a balance between people and environment. She found it through social and political issues. Her art work uses many different types of materials. This is seen in her paintings, sculptures, photography and video. Her work challenged the viewers through the use of new techniques and lesser known materials. She is also a minimalistic conceptualist. Her use of materials and techniques shows that concepts translate through matter.
Her work is based in promoting a conscious use of natural resources and technology. Since 2007, for her exhibitions, she used to discuss with her panels. It was usually just before the show. It brings together the community and experts in diverse fields as well as workshops. It promotes ecological awareness.
During interviews on radio, television or magazines, she makes a call for reflection over environmental issues.
In the year 2012, her work was selected to be displayed. It was selected to be the image of a meeting about issues of dependence on oil as an energy source and on the human rights consequences of that reliance. The meeting was held at the University of Texas at Austin. It was organized by the Center for Global Energy, International Arbitration, and Environmental Law and the Bernard and Audre Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice.
In the year 2016, her artwork "Let's Talk Volume" was selected by the City of Austin, Texas. It was through the program of Art in Public Places. It was installed for the occasion of celebrating International Environment Day.

Collet uses her art and its visual power to provoke thought. She supports several causes related to human rights. From Venezuela, Miami, Italy and Texas, she had shown her work to raise funds to promote support for women and children victims of violence, residencies for artists in need, victims of AIDS and indigenous populations.

In 2007, she traveled through the Venezuelan Amazon. She was collecting several legends from indigenous cultural lore. These are usually told to the next generation.

Ensuring their documentation and preservation, she has held exhibitions about the subject in Venezuela, Italy, France and the United States. She has preserved them at the archives of the Nettie Lee Benson Latin American Collection at the University of Texas at Austin. She gives free lectures about the subject.

Mery Godigna Collet has published in limited edition. She has published in Spanish two books; "Nightly Exercises Notebook" (1995) and "Made with Fiber" (2003). She has also published three art research studies, "Matter, Time, and Space" (1997), "Metallic Light" (2006), "Extra Virgin Petrus Oil", 2008.

She was connected with Le Club monthly magazine in Caracas, Venezuela. La Gazette du Jeudi is a weekly publication in Paris, France. She currently contributes to Viceversa magazine in New York.

Mery Godigna Collet has participated in 26 solo and 36 group exhibitions in Venezuela, Colombia, Mexico, Spain, Italy, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, New York, Miami, New Mexico and Texas.

In 1985 and 1986, she was an assistant professor in Design 07 and Taller Ventrillon (hand free drawing) at .

In 1990, she founded the Utilitarian Art Firm Neo-Arkhos. She served as Director until 1994 promoting contemporary designers. From 2007 to 2009, she served as Director for Fundaya Foundation a nonprofit organization. Its goal was to help indigenous populations in Venezuela. 2014 is part of the Board of International Woman's Foundation based in Marfa, Texas. It provides homes for artists and promotes their work.

In 2014, she co-founded the "Crosswalk Project" to improve pedestrian and handicap safety for the urban environment.
She has given several art lectures and workshops in Venezuela, Texas and Italy. She is a member of the Accademia di Arte di la Citta di Ferrara, Italy and of Mexic-Arte Museum in Texas.




Helena Gualinga

Sumak Helena Sirén Gualinga (born February 27, 2002) is an Ecuadorian environmentalist and human rights activist. She is from the Sarayaku community in , Ecuador.

Helena Gualinga was born on February 27, 2002. She belongs to the Indigenous community in Pastaza, Ecuador. Her mother, Noemí Gualinga is an Indigenous Ecuadorian former president of the Kichwa Women's Association. Her older sister is the activist Nina Gualinga. Her aunt Patricia Gualinga and her grandmother Cristina Gualinga are defenders of Indigenous women's human rights in the Amazon and environmental causes. Her father is Anders Sirén is a Swedish-speaking Finnish professor of biology in the department of geography and geology at the University of Turku.

Gualinga was born in Sarayaku territory in Pastaza, Ecuador. She spent most of her teenage years living in Pargas. Later, she lived in Turku, Finland. It was where her father comes from. She attends secondary school at the Cathedral School of Åbo.

From a young age, Gualinga has seen the punishment of her family for standing against the interests of big oil companies and their environmental impact on Indigenous land. Several leaders and members of her community have lost their life in dangerous conflicts against the government and corporations. She has stated for Yle. She saw her involuntary upbringing in such a bad environment as an opportunity.

Gualinga has become a spokesperson for the Sarayaku Indigenous community. Her activism includes exposing the conflict between her community and oil companies. She was carrying an empowering message among the youth in local schools in Ecuador. She also actively exposes this message to the international community hoping to reach policy-makers.
She and her family describe numerous ways in which they, as members of indigenous communities in the Amazon, have experienced climate change. Their description includes those of forest fires, desertification, direct destruction and disease spread by floods, and faster melting snow on mountain peaks. According to her, these effects have been noticeable firsthand in the lifetimes of community elders. Gualinga describes that those elders have become aware of climate change regardless of their lack of scientific background.

Gualinga signed that read "sangre indígena, ni una sola gota más" (Indigenous blood, not one more drop) outside of the UN headquarters in New York City. It was at a demonstration with hundreds of other young environmental activists. It was during the 2019 UN Climate Action Summit.

Helena Gualinga participated in the COP25 in Madrid, Spain. She spoke about her concern on the Ecuadorian government authorizing oil extraction in indigenous lands. She said: "Our country's government is still granting our territories to the corporations responsible of climate change. This is criminal." She criticized the Ecuadorian government for claiming interest in protecting the Amazon during the conference. She accused that it was instead of attending indigenous Amazon women's demands brought to the government. The demand was brought during the 2019 Ecuadorian protests. She also expressed her disappointment towards world leaders' lack of interest to discuss topics. The topics were brought by indigenous peoples to the conference.

Gualinga founded Polluters Out with Isabella Fallahi and Ayisha Siddiqa. These aimed at fossil fuel industries. The movement was founded as a response to the failing of . The movement's request is to: "Demand that Patricia Espinosa, Executive Secretary to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), refuse funding from fossil fuel corporations For COP26!".

Helena Gualinga is the protagonist of the documentary "Helena Sarayaku Manta" (Helena of Sarayaku). The movie documents her life and activism. It is related to teaching the Sarayaku ways of living. The movie was directed by Eriberto Gualinga. It was premiered on March 18, 2022 at the Environmental Film Festival in the Nation's Capital.

On April 4, 2022, Helena Gualinga and her sister Nina Gualinga were shown in Revista Hogar magazine. Their photographs were on the cover of the 691st issue of the magazine. According to Helena's social media, it was the first time ever that indigenous women were on the magazine's cover.

On April 22, 2022, Helena Gualinga was pictured in magazine in an article on traditional Sarayaku. It was the face paintings written by Atenea Morales de la Cruz.


Imperva

Imperva is an American cybersecurity software and services company that provides protection for corporate data and application software. The company is headquartered in San Mateo, California.

Founded by Shlomo Kramer (founder of Check Point and Cato Networks), Imperva is best known for its WAF (web application firewall)2 and database security technologies, based on machine learning. In 2021, the company was recognized for the 8th consecutive year as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for WAFs, in addition to its technological leadership on topics such as DDoS Management, bot management, and API security.

The Imperva group currently has nearly 6,200 customers worldwide, mainly large groups (such as NTT for example), spread over nearly 150 countries3.

Kaizer Chiefs

Kaizer Chiefs Football club is the most successful club in the Southern Region of the African continent. Chiefs is the second most successful African club in terms of winning trophies. Kaizer Chiefs are behind the recently crowned African Champions Al Ahly SC after defeating the very same Kaizer Chiefs in Mohammed V, Casablanca, Morocco winning the tie 3-0 .

Usher

Usher may refer to:




Nina Gualinga

Nina Gualinga (born June 1993) is an Ecuadorian environmental and indigenous rights activist. She is part of the Kichwa-speaking community. She has spent most of her life working for better environmental protection of the and the living wildlife. She also worked for the people who are depending on this environment.

Gualinga was born and raised in her mother's Kichwa-speaking community of Sarayaku in the Ecuadorian Amazon. in a wooden house in Puyo, Pastaza. Since the age of seven, she has worked for climate justice and indigenous rights. She got her knowledge of the forest from her parents and grandparents. She is a granddaughter of Cristina Gualinga. Gualinga’s sister, Helena Gualinga, and mother, Noemí Gualinga are also environmental activists. Her aunt Patricia is also a land defender. Her uncle Eriberto is a movie maker. He documents the Sarayaku resistance.

She is currently studying human rights at Lund University.

Her family was active in the Kichwa Sarayaku community's fight against the exploitation of the Amazon rainforest. The forest was exploited by companies and the Ecuadorian government. Gualinga's works for indigenous and territorial rights started when an oil company with the help of Ecuadorian government military troops violently started exploiting her community's indigenous land.
This intrusion led to a legal battle between the Ecuadorian government and Sarayaku community before the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, which eventually resulted to a victory for the Sarayaku community. At the age of 18, Gualinga represented the youth of Sarayaku at the final hearing of the case.

Gualinga had an indigenous fellowship at Amazon Watch. She developed the proposal for her own non-governmental organization. She aimed at empowering indigenous Sarayaku’s youth and women. She wanted protect the Southern Ecuadorian Amazon. Her organization, Hakhu Amazon Design, sells handmade artisanal jewelry and accessories. She demands that the Ecuadorian government acknowledge the Amazon forest itself as a property. She also demands the government to end its contracts with major oil and mining companies.

She is also active as an indigenous rights activist on an international level. She focused on protecting homes and land against corporate interests. She was part of a global call to stop fossil fuel extraction at the . She was also among the delegates working for "Living Forests" protection. It was at the global climate conferences and COP21, in Lima and Paris respectively. In the course of COP21, she drew attention to her people’s demands by sailing down the river Seine in Paris in a canoe from her village. In 2016, she was among a group of indigenous women from 7 nationalities. They united to march in defense of indigenous rights and territories. Gualinga drew more attention on the effects of climate change on the Kichwa people at the in Marrakech. She encouraged the government to prioritize climate actions to reduce carbon emissions for the indigenous people. She was part of the Women’s Earth and Climate Action Network (WECAN), Amazon Watch and Sarayaku Delegation to in Bonn and a speaker at the event. Nina was also part of the WECAN delegation at the climate discussion in Madrid in 2019. At the event, she called for the world to stop extracting fossil fuel. She also called to listen to indigenous peoples. These people have protected their lands for millennia, for solutions to the climate crisis: "If we don’t listen to indigenous peoples, if we don’t listen to indigenous women we are not going to get out of this crisis." She gave a lecture on Indigenous People of the Amazon: The Guardians of Our Future at IAAC Auditorium, Barcelona on 25th of February 2020.



Junior M.A.F.I.A.

Junior M.A.F.I.A. ("Junior Masters At Finding Intelligent Attitudes") was a hip hop group from Bedford-Stuyvesant in Brooklyn. It was founded in 1994 by New York rapper The Notorious B.I.G. (Christopher Wallace). It members were Lil' Cease, Bugsy, Capone, Chico, and Nino Brown (of 6s, or 666), Furto and Trife (of The Snakes), MC Klepto and Lil' Kim, the only female in the group. They released one album in 1995. titled Conspiracy. The album contained the singles "Get Money" and "Player's Anthem". The group broke up in 1997 after the founder's murder. Three of the members released another album in 2005 and an unreleased album in 2007.


ASAP Ferg

Darold Ferguson, better known as A$AP Ferg, is an American rapper. He is from New York. Ferg is in the hip hop group A$AP Mob with friend A$AP Rocky and has his own clothing line. He is of Trinidadian decent.

Ferg released his debut album, Trap Lord. It peaked at number nine on the ‘Billboard 200’ chart. He signed with ‘RCA Records’ and ‘Polo Grounds’ in August 2013.

In 2013, he won the ‘Rookie of the Year’ award at the ‘BET Hip Hop Awards’ and was also nominated for the ‘Video Director of the Year’ at the same award ceremony.

Satrapy of Armenia

The Satrapy of Armenia, (, Satrapakan Hayastan; , Armina) was an Armenian satrapy controlled by the Orontid dynasty. Armenia is one of the satrapies of the Achaemenid Empire in the 6th century BC that later became an independent kingdom.

The Orontid dynasty, also known by their native name Eruandid or Yervanduni, was a hereditary Armenian dynasty and the rulers of the Satrapy of Armenia. Most historians say the Orontids are of Iranian origin. It is suggested that it held dynastic familial linkages to the ruling Achaemenid dynasty. 

Panossian states the following about the Orontids (Yervandunis);"It is not known whether the Yervandunis were ethnically Armenian. They probably had marriage links to the rulers of Persia and other leading noble houses in Armenia."


François Boulangé

François Boulangé (18 December 1953 – 11 September 2021) was a Dutch television presenter, television producer and television director, between 1988 and 2021. He was best known as the presenter of the game show "Lingo", which he hosted for eight years.

Boulangé died in Haarlem on 11 September 2021.

Holy Trinity Cathedral, Žilina

The Church of the Holy Trinity is a Roman Catholic church in Žilina, Slovakia. It is one of the town's most important monuments.

Siobhan Fitzpatrick

Siobhan Fitzpatrick (born 28 January 1998) is a British wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Great Britain women's national wheelchair basketball team. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, the bronze medal at the 2017 European Championships and the silver medal at the 2019 European Championships. 

Fitzpatrick has cerebral palsy. She was unable to do sport at school due to insurance problems. She took part at a wheelchair basketball 'playground to podium' event in 2010, where she was spotted by a coach. She became part of the Coventry Wheelchair Basketball Academy and became later a member of the national team. She was not selected for the 2016 Summer Paralympics. That was a big disappointment for her. She fell out of love for wheelchair basketball and for two or three months she didn't even play in the national league. Later she could place the disappointment in perspective and continued playing.

Fitzpatrick studied Business Management at the University of Worcester. She has a partner, Mat. She was a member of the Athlete's Advisory Committee for the 2022 Commonwealth Games.

Perkin Warbeck

Perkin Warbeck ( 1474 - 23 November 1499) was an impostor and pretender to the English throne during the reign of Henry VII of England. He claimed to be Richard of Shrewsbury, one of the Princes in the Tower. He attempted to invade England but was captured after the Second Cornish Uprising (1497) and executed.

French Empire

French Empire may refer to: 


We Bare Bears: The Movie

We Bare Bears: The Movie is a 2020 American animated comedy movie. It is based on the Cartoon Network television series of the same name. 
It was produced by Cartoon Network Studios and Warner Bros. Pictures. It was theatrically released on December 11, 2020. Directed by series creator Daniel Chong from a story by Mikey Heller and Kris Mukai, "We Bare Bears: The Movie" stars the voices of series regulars Eric Edelstein, Bobby Moynihan and Demetri Martin as the three titular bears Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear; joined by Marc Evan Jackson as Agent Trout and Keith Ferguson as Officer Murphy. This movie is the series finale of "We Bare Bears".

According to "We Bare Bears" series creator Daniel Chong, he was approached by the Cartoon Network staff with an idea for a feature film based on the series in 2018. Despite having no previous experience in film, Chong accepted the proposal, drawing from his feature animation practice and reasoning that the characters he created have an emotional depth in them and capabilities he knew that could be sustained for a long period of time. Due to the then-continuing production of the series, Chong and his team had to prepare the film while finishing the episodes at the same time, which took over several months. The film's story was written by Mikey Heller and Kris Mukai, the main writers of the series. While writing it, they were inspired by the 2018 California wildfires and the Trump administration family separation policy that were occurring at the time, which lead to a family being separated from each other as a central theme to a forest fire being written in the story's climax. Chong remarked that sensitive topic such as those wouldn't appear to be ideal in the main children's television series. He also wanted the main themes within the series to be displayed in the film, such as diversity and the reason for anthropomorphic characters.

Chong remarked that the original treatment of the film was centered around the three Bears. But to balance the heavy themes, the film's core was shifted to be centralized around Grizz. The original meeting sequence was first written with the three bears reminiscing it but was rewritten to be focused on Grizz, who, as Chong felt, as the eldest of the brothers, was faced with the heaviest burdens and was most concerned with everyone's well-being. Chong also remarked that he was initially opposed to the addition of the other captive bears, as it could risk the main characters as uninteresting. The film was finalized as the Bears' final adventure and a conclusion to the original "We Bare Bears" series, though Chong had expressed intentions for it to continue to spin-offs, among other different ways. This was before he announced that he'll be departing Cartoon Network to work on another project. The animation on the film was produced by Rough Draft Studios and Saerom Animation, which had previously animated the television series.

A soundtrack single for the film was released on December 4, 2020, by WaterTower Music.


Abdizhamil Karimuly Nurpeisov

Abdizhamil Karimuly Nurpeisov (; 22 October 1924 – 5 February 2022) was a Kazakh writer and translator. Between 1962 to 1964 he worked as a head editor of the magazine "Zhuldyz". He was a delegate of the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh SSR. He was also President of the Kazakh PEN Club. He was known for his "The Blood and Sweat" trilogy.

Nurpeisov died on 5 February 2022, at the age of 97.

Sindhutai Sapkal

Sindhutai Sapkal (14 November 1948 – 4 January 2022) was an Indian social worker and social activist. She was known for her work in raising orphaned children in India. She was awarded the Padma Shri in 2021. She took care of over 1,500 orphaned children. She had a grand family of 382 sons-in-law and 49 daughters-in-law. She used award money to buy land to make a home for orphaned children.

Sapkal died of a heart attack in Pune, India on 4 January 2022, at the age of 73.

Waiphot Phetsuphan

Phan Sakulnee (; 7 March 1942 – 12 January 2022), best known by the stage name Waiphot Phetsuphan (), was a Thai luk thung and Phleng Lae () singer. He was the National Artist of Thailand in 1997. His best known songs were "Keaw Roe Phee" (แก้วรอพี่) and "Countryside Singer" (นักร้องบ้านนอก/Nak Rong Baan Nork). Phetsuphan was born in Suphan Buri Province, Thailand. 

Phetsuphan died in Bangkok on 12 January 2022, at the age of 79.

Andrei Babitsky

Andrei Maratovich Babitsky (; 26 September 1964 – 1 April 2022) was a Russian journalist and war reporter. He worked for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) from 1989 to 2014. He reported the 1991 August Coup, Civil War in Tajikistan and both the First and Second Chechen Wars.


Gerhard J. Woeginger

Gerhard J. Woeginger (31 May 1964 – 1 April 2022) was an Austrian mathematician and computer scientist. He worked in Germany as a professor at RWTH Aachen University. He was program chair of the European Symposium on Algorithms in 1997. In 1996, Woeginger won the Start-Preis.

Woeginger died on 1 April 2022, at the age of 57.

Georgia Benkart

Georgia McClure Benkart (December 30, 1947 – April 29, 2022) was an American mathematician. She was known for her work in the structure and representation theory of Lie algebras and related algebraic structures. She published over 130 journal articles. 

Montville, New Jersey

Montville is a township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 22,450.

Bob Krueger

Robert Charles Krueger (September 19, 1935 – April 30, 2022) was an American politician. He was born in New Braunfels, Texas.

Krueger was the U.S. Representative from Texas's 21st congressional district from 1975 until 1979. He was the U.S. Senator from Texas in 1993. Krueger was an Ambassador to Burundi from 1994 until 1995 and to Botswana from 1996 until 1996. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Krueger died on April 30, 2022 in New Braunfels at the age of 86.

Ülo Tulik

Ülo Tulik (11 May 1957 – 30 April 2022) was a Estonian agronomist and politician. Tulik was born in Meremäe, Estonia. He was the Võru County Governor from 2005 until 2010. He was Mayor of Võru from 2010 until 2011.

Tulik died on 30 April 2022 in Võru at the age of 64.

Ricardo Alarcón

Ricardo Alarcón de Quesada (21 May 1937 – 30 April 2022) was a Cuban politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 1993. Alarcón was President of the National Assembly of People's Power from 1993 to 2013. He was also until 2013 a Member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba. Alarcón was born in Havana, Cuba.

Alarcón died on 30 April 2022 in Havana at the age of 84.

Millie Bailey

Vivian Mildred Bailey (' Corbett; February 3, 1918 – May 1, 2022) was an American World War II veteran, civil servant, and volunteer. She was a fundraiser for education, health, and military service personnel. Bailey was one of the first African American officers in the Women's Army Corps. She was a commander of the Women's Colored Detachment. Bailey was a division director in the Social Security Administration.

Bailey turned 100 in February 2018. She died in Ellicott City, Maryland, on May 1, 2022, at the age of 104.

Naftali Blumenthal

Naftali Blumenthal (; 1 March 1922 – 1 May 2022) was an Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1981 until 1984. He was born in Stanisławów, Poland. 

Blumenthal died on 1 May 2022 at the age of 100.

Kathy Boudin

Kathy Boudin (May 19, 1943 – May 1, 2022) was an American leftist activist. She was a member of the radical left militant organization Weather Underground. She was convicted of felony murder for her role in the 1981 Brink's robbery. Boudin was released from prison on parole in 2003 and became an adjunct professor at Columbia University.

Boudin died on May 1, 2022 in New York City from cancer, aged 78.

Carlos Eduardo Moreira Ferreira

Carlos Eduardo Moreira Ferreira (9 March 1939 – 1 May 2022) was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He was a member of the Liberal Front Party. He was president of the from 2002 to 2006. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. From 1999 until 2003, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil.

Moreira Ferreira died in São Paulo on 1 May 2022 at the age of 83.

Atomic Rooster

Atomic Rooster are a British rock band originally formed by members of The Crazy World of Arthur Brown, organist Vincent Crane and drummer Carl Palmer. They were popular in the early-mid-1970s and the early 1980s. The band went through radical style changes. Their best known singles were "Tomorrow Night" (UK No. 11) and "Devil's Answer" (UK No. 4), both in 1971.

Spinal Tap

Spinal Tap is a fictional English heavy metal band created by American comedians and musicians Michael McKean, Christopher Guest and Harry Shearer. They are characterized as "one of England's loudest bands". McKean, Guest and Shearer wrote and performed original songs for the band.

The band first appeared on a 1979 ABC television sketch comedy pilot called "The T.V. Show". Later the band became the fictional subject of the 1984 rockumentary / mockumentary movie "This Is Spinal Tap".

Régine Zylberberg

Régine Zylberberg (born Regina Zylberberg; 26 December 1929 – 1 May 2022), often known mononymously as Régine, was a Belgian-born French singer and nightclub impresario. She was known as the "Queen of the Night". She was born in Anderlecht, Belgium. 

Zylberberg died on 1 May 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 92.

Joseph Raz

Joseph Raz (; ; 21 March 1939 – 2 May 2022) was an Israeli philosopher. He was one of the most well known supporters of legal positivism. He was a professor of philosophy of law at the University of Oxford. He was also a professor of law at Columbia University and a part-time professor at King's College London. 

Raz died on 2 May 2022 at a hospital in London, England at the age of 83.

Don't Worry Darling

Don't Worry Darling is an upcoming American psychological thriller movie directed by Olivia Wilde. The screenplay was written by Katie Silberman. It is based on a story by Carey van Dyke, Shane Van Dyke, and Silberman. It stars Florence Pugh, Harry Styles, Wilde, Gemma Chan, KiKi Layne, Nick Kroll, and Chris Pine.

"Don't Worry Darling" will be released on September 23, 2022 by Warner Bros. Pictures.

Amherst, New Hampshire

Amherst is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Antrim, New Hampshire

Antrim is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Brookline, New Hampshire

Brookline is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Deering, New Hampshire

Deering is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Francestown, New Hampshire

Francestown is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Goffstown, New Hampshire

Goffstown is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Greenfield, New Hampshire

Greenfield is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Greenville, New Hampshire

Greenville is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hancock, New Hampshire

Hancock is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Vergennes, Vermont

Vergennes is a city in Addison County, Vermont, United States. Its current population as of 2020 is 2,553.

South Burlington, Vermont

South Burlington is a city in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Winooski, Vermont

Winooski is a city in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Aniplex of America

Anplex of America also known as Aniplex USA is the U.S. distribution enterprise of Aniplex, an anime and music production company owned by Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It was established in Santa Monica, California, with the goal of Aniplex+ store, and also Aniplex Channel, a operated streaming service.

Otto Bräutigam

Otto Bräutigam was a German lawyer and was involved with the Holocaust. He was also a member of Auswärtiges Amt. He died in 1992.

Maximilian Wöber

Maximilian Wöber (born 4 February 1998) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.

He started his football career with Rapid Wien's youth teams.

2015 till 2017 he played for Rapid Wien II. On 25 February 2016 he played his first match for SK Rapid Wien against Valencia in the UEFA Euro League.

In August 2017 he went to Ajax for €7.5 million.

On 11 January 2019 he went on to Sevilla He signed a contract until 2023.

On 13 August 2019 Wöber agreed to a five-year contract FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. It is said that Salzburg paid €12 million what makes him to the most expensive player in Austrian Bundesliga.

Wöber was in the Austria national football team for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Georgia in September 2017. On 6 October 2017, he made his debut for the Austria national team in a 3–2 win against Serbia.

Ajax
Red Bull Salzburg

Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon

Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon is a 1970 American comedy-drama movie directed by Otto Preminger and was based on the 1968 novel of the same name by Marjorie Kellogg. It stars Liza Minnelli, Ken Howard, Robert Moore, James Coco, Kay Thompson, Fred Williamson, Ben Piazza, Leonard Frey, Anne Revere, Clarice Taylor, Angelique Pettyjohn and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hawthorne of the U.S.A.

Hawthorne of the U.S.A. is a 1919 American silent adventure comedy movie directed by James Cruze and was based on the play of the same name by James B. Fagan. It stars Wallace Reid, Lila Lee, Harrison Ford, Tully Marshall, Charles Ogle, Guy Oliver, Clarence Burton and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax proboscideus

The Gran Rio snouted tree frog ("Scinax proboscideus") is a frog that lives in the middle of the Guianas: Guyana and French Guiana. Scienitsts think it may also live in Brazil.

College Scandal

College Scandal is a 1935 American comedy movie directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Arline Judge, Kent Taylor, Wendy Barrie, William Frawley, William Benedict, Edward Nugent, Johnny Downs, Jocelyn Compton, Oscar Rudolph. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Ngụy Thị Khanh

Ngụy Thị Khanh (born 1976) created the Green Innovation and Development Centre (GreenID) in Vietnam. Khanh also works for the Vietnam Rivers Network (VRN). In 2018, Khanh won the Goldman Environmental Prize. It was for her work on sustainable energy.
Khanh was born in 1976 in Bắc Am, a village in Bắc Giang Province. She went to the Institute of International Relations (Học viện Quan hệ Quốc tế) in Hanoi. She was Vietnam's person at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference.

Claire Nouvian

Claire Nouvian (born 19 March 1974) is a French environmental activist, journalist, television producer, and film director.

Claire Nouvian was born in Bordeaux. She worked in journalism. After that, she worked to protect the ocean and marine life. She was awarded the in 2012. She won the Goldman Environment Prize in 2018. She was the second French person to win this prize (after biologist Christine Jean in 1992).

Jérôme Onguéné

Jérôme Junior Onguéné (born 22 December 1997) is a Cameroonian professional footballer. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Cameroon national team. From the 2022-23 season on he will play for Eintracht Frankfurt in the German Bundesliga.

Onguene was born in Mbalmayo, Cameroon. At the age of eleven he went to France. He started with AS Illzach Modenheim, then he went on to the youth of FC Sochaux.

From 2014 till 2017 he played for FC Sochaux B and FC Sochaux. On 31 January 2017, Onguéné moved to VfB Stuttgart. The club loaned him to FC Red Bull Salzburg on 31 August 2017 until the end of the season. In June 2018 Onguéné he went to Salzburg.

2021 he was on loan for the Serie A club Genoa. The loan included an option to buy. For the 2021-22 season he came back to Salzburg. 2022-23 he will play for Eintracht Frankfurt. In Winter 2022 he came back to Salzburg on loan from Frankfurt.

With France he won the UEFA European Under-19 Championship in 2016. Since August 2018 Onguéné played for Cameroon. He debuted on 12 October 2018 in a qualifier for the African Cup versus Malawi.

Cameroon



Oumar Solet

Oumar Mickaël Solet Bomawoko (born 7 February 2000) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Solet started in the youth teams of FC Dammarie-les-Lys, US Créteil and US Villejuif.From 2015 till 2017 he was in the Stade Laval
academy. On 4 August 2017 he debuted in the Championnat National (3rd level) against US Concarneau. He played the full 90 minutes.

On 22 January 2018 Solet went to Olympique Lyonnais on loan.

On 17 July 2020 went on to Red Bull Salzburg for €4.5 million. He played his first match for Salzburg on 24 October 2020 when he came in for Sekou Koita in minute 83 versus FK Austria Wien. 

Solet was born in France and is of Central African Republic descent. Solet was part of the France U-17 FIFA World Cup squad in 2017.

Hold My Hand (Lady Gaga song)

"Hold My Hand" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released May 3, 2022, as the lead single from the movie "" (2022), starring Tom Cruise. It is a power ballad. Gaga wrote on social media that she had worked on the song for "years" and wanted to get it right. She dedicated it to "the world during and after a very hard time. I’ve wanted you to hear it for so long. And I’m so excited to give it to you on May 3." She also posted the song's credits, stating she and BloodPop® were co-writers and co-producers, with additional production from Benjamin Rice.

It charted moderately worldwide, reaching the top 40 of several countries.

Gaga has performed the song as the encore at the Chromatica Ball Tour (2022).
The song was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. Gaga performed the song at the 95th Academy Awards (Oscars) on March 12, 2023.

Method Man

Clifford Smith Jr (born March 2, 1971) is an American rapper, better known under his stage name Method Man. He is a member of hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan. He released his first debut album, ‘Tical’ in 1994. He won a Grammy award for the song ‘I’ll Be There For You/You’re All I Need’ featuring R&B singer Mary J Blige. Method Man acted in movies and shows such as How High, Belly, and . He was born in Long Island, New York. His parents live in separate homes.

Oznoz

Oznoz is a subscription video on demand service. It focuses on multilingual children's television programming. Oznoz carries a library of 4000 hours of programming on-launch, and exclusive rights to libraries such as Sesame Workshop, Hit Entertainment, and Nelvana in many languages other than English. Oznoz languages include Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Hindi, Korean, Kurdish, Japanese, Persian, Urdu, Spanish, and non-dialogue shows. Oznoz content can be accessed as an over-the-top service through the channel's website and iPad and Android apps.

Oznoz is available via website, mobile apps, smart TVs, and other devices. On launch, the service is available to subscribers in Canada and the United States.

The service is for bilingual families who speak two or more languages. Content includes television series, movies and shorts such as Barney, Thomas the Tank Engine, Bob The Builder, Pingu, Babar, Super Why, "1001 Nights", Franklin, Pororo, Be Ponkickies, Sesame Street, Elmo's World and other original shows from international broadcast partners such as Al Jazeera Children's Channel, TV Tokyo, IRIB and others.


Antonio Delgado

Antonio Ramon Delgado (born January 28, 1977) is an American attorney and politician. Since 2022, he has been serving as the lieutenant governor of New York under Governor Kathy Hochul. He was the U.S. representative from New York's 19th congressional district from 2019 until 2022. He is the first person of either African-American and Hispanic descent to be elected to Congress from Upstate New York. 

On May 3, 2022, Delgado was selected by Kathy Hochul to be lieutenant governor of New York.

John Katko

John Michael Katko (; born November 9, 1962) is an American attorney and politician. He is the U.S. representative for New York's 24th congressional district since 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was a co-chair of the House moderate Republican group, the Tuesday Group. He is the sole chair of the renamed Republican Governance Group for the 117th Congress. Katko was one of ten Republicans in the House who voted to impeach Donald Trump during Trump's second impeachment.

On January 14, 2022, Katko announced that he would not seek reelection in 2022.

Dinosaur Train

Dinosaur Train is an American-Canadian-Singaporean Computer animated television series. The show was created by the same creator, Craig Bartlett, who created the Nickelodeon show "Hey Arnold!". It aired on PBS Kids from September 7, 2009 until June 15, 2020.


The show is set on PBS Kids in the US and TVOKids in Canada, On 2012, The International Singaporean Media Athority sold this show to PBS stations, In 2014, The show is also broadcast on Netflix.
The show is also set on DSN in the United States but defunct, On 2019, their show premiered on Disney Channel in Singapore. 

Kathleen Rice

Kathleen Maura Rice (born February 15, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician. She was the United States representative for New York's 4th congressional district from 2015 to 2023. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

On February 15, 2022, Rice announced that she would not seek reelection in 2022.

Applied arts

The applied arts are arts that make design and decoration to everyday things. Applied arts can make things look aesthetically well. Applied arts can also be used with decorative arts. The modern making of applied art is usually called design.

Example of applied arts are:


They are many art movements that focused on applied arts. Many artistic art styles like Neoclassicism and Gothic cover both devorative and applied arts. and others cover both the fine and applied or decorative arts.





Biancamaria Frabotta

Biancamaria Frabotta (11 June 1946 – 2 May 2022) was an Italian feminist writer. She wrote about the study of women writers in Italy and her early poetry focused on feminist issues. Until her retirement in 2016, she has taught Modern Italian Literature at the University of Rome La Sapienza.

Frabotta died on 2 May 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 75.

Yuri Vasenin

Yuri Nikolayevich Vasenin (; 2 October 1948 – 2 May 2022) was a Soviet footballer and coach. His career began in 1966. He played for the Soviet Union national football team nine times between 1972 until 1973.

Vasenin died on 2 May 2022 at the age of 73.


Radim Uzel

Radim Uzel (27 March 1940 – 2 May 2022) was a Czech sexologist and academic. He was director of the Society for Family Planning and Sexual Education. He was also an unsuccessful candidate to the Senate of the Czech Republic. He worked for Masaryk University. Uzel was born in Ostrava, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.

Uzel died on 2 May 2022 in Prague, Czech Republic from problems caused by stomach cancer on 2 May 2022, aged 82. 

Ultramagic

Ultramagic is a Catalan company that manufactures hot air balloons. It is based at the Igualada-Òdena General Vives Aerodrome, in the Anoia region. It is the second largest manufacturer in the world by turnover and the only one in Spain of hot air balloons. The company's annual production is between 80 and 120 balloons, with about 80% destined for export, including Japan, North America, South America, Europe and Africa. Ultramagic can make large balloons, such as the N-500 that can carry up to 27 people in the basket, balloons adapted for people with physical disabilities, and has also built many balloons with special shapes as well as cold air inflatables.

Ultramagic collaborates every year in the organization of the European Balloon Festival, an international gathering of hot air balloons, the largest in Spain, where exhibitions and competition tests are held. The festival has been taking place every July since 1997. It is held in a space set up as a airfield on the axis of the old N-II of Igualada. He is a member of the BAIE aeronautical cluster.

Taurus Group

The Taurus Group is a Spanish small appliance manufacturer located in Oliana. 
It was founded in a garage by Francisco Betriu de Cal Cases and Jorge Escaler in 1962 in Oliana. The company had 25 employees at the time and manufactured coffee grinders and hair dryers. The creation of Taurus in 1962 represented for Oliana a sustained growth, both in population (doubling it and close to 2,500 inhabitants) and in social and economic well-being. 

In 1982, Taurus had 1,000 employees and exported to 48 countries. 

In 1993, in a turbulent period, the company was bought by the Generalitat de Catalunya. The company was privatized in 1997, when entrepreneurs Ramón Térmens and Jorge Tornini acquired 52% of it with the commitment to keep it all.  The company continued to grow and became international. In 2012, the fiftieth anniversary was celebrated "with the pride of having innovated for three generations"  and received the Pompeu Fabra Award. In 2014, it was present in eighty countries and had seven production centers around the world, in China, India, South Africa, Mexico and Brazil.

Federico Gutiérrez

Federico Andrés Gutiérrez Zuluaga (born 28 November 1974) is a Colombian politician and civil engineer. He was mayor of Medellín from 2016 until 2019. Federico Gutiérrez was the Team for Colombia nominee for President of Colombia in the 2022 election. He came in third place in the 2022 election.

Domestic duck

The domestic duck ("Anas platyrhynchos domesticus") is a type of mallard that has been domesticated by humans and raised for meat, eggs, and feathers while some are kept as pets.

2022 Colombian presidential election

The first round of the presidential elections was held in Colombia on 29 May 2022 to elect the 34th President. Since no candidate won a majority of the vote in the first round, a second round of voting will be held on 19 June. President Iván Duque cannot run for another term because Colombian presidents are term limited for a single four year term. Gustavo Petro won the runoff, becoming the first left-wing candidate to be elected president of Colombia.

In the first round, left-wing Senator Gustavo Petro and right-wing populist former Bucaramanga mayor Rodolfo Hernández Suárez advanced to the run-off. Hernández Suárez, who came in third during voter pollings, came in second place against Federico Gutiérrez after an increase in support, weeks before the first round began.

While Petro was seen as the front-runner in polls before the first round, he has almost been tied in pollings against Hernández Suárez. In the June run-off, Petro was elected president, winning 50% of the vote to Hernández Suárez's 47% of the vote, becoming the country's first leftist president.

<section begin="Second Round Presidential polling chart"/>
<section end="Second Round Presidential polling chart"/>

<section begin="First Round Presidential polling chart"/><section end="First Round Presidential polling chart"/>

Rodolfo Hernández Suárez

Rodolfo Hernández Suárez (born 26 March 1945) is a Colombian politician, businessman and engineer. In 2022, he became Senator of Colombia. He was mayor of Bucaramanga from 2016 to 2019. Hernández was a presidential candidate in the 2022 election. His political views are seen as right-wing populism. He was compared to former U.S. President Donald Trump for his anti-corruption stance and his background as a businessman.

In May 2022, he advanced to the June run-off election against left-wing Senator Gustavo Petro after coming in second place in the first round voting. He has been called the "King of TikTok" for using the app many times during his presidential campaign. In June 2022, he lost the election to Petro by a 47% to 50% vote margin.

Íngrid Betancourt

Íngrid Betancourt Pulecio (; born 25 December 1961) is a Colombian politician. She is an anti-corruption activist. She was a Senator of Colombia from 1998 until 2001. She also was a member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from 1994 until 1998.

Betancourt was kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) on 23 February 2002 while campaigning for President of Colombia in the 2002 election as a Green candidate. She was rescued by Colombian security forces six and a half years later on 2 July 2008. 

On 18 January 2022, she announced her candidacy for President of Colombia in the 2022 election. However, she withdrew from the election on 20 May, just one week before the first round began.

Sara Revuelta Garcia

Sara Revuelta Garcia (born 26 August 1997) is a Spanish wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Spain women's national wheelchair basketball team. In 2021 she competed the 2020 Summer Paralympics. She plays in the Division de Honor, Spanish national league, with her club CD Ilunion.

She participated at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship 

In 2017 she rejected a scholarship to study and play for the University of Alabama. That year, she won the Spanish league, Spanish cup and European league for the second consecutive season with CD Ilunion. She studied physics at the Complutense University of Madrid.

Lourdes Ortega Rico

Lourdes Ortega Rico (born 22 September 1997) is a Spanish wheelchair basketball player (1.0 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the Spain women's national wheelchair basketball team. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Since 2016, she plays in the Division de Honor, Spanish national league, with her club BSR Amiab Albacete (since 2016). She plays at the guard position.

Ortega Rico studied Graphic Design at the University of Seville.

When Ortega Rico was nine years old she was diagnozed with a spinal cord injury. She started with wheelchair basketball in Seville when she was 13 year old. She finished fifth with the team at the 2017 European Wheelchair Basketball Championship and two years later she finished fourth at the 2019 European Wheelchair Basketball Championship. She participated at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship. 

Together with team members Almudena Montiel and Genoveva Tapia, she was named 2018 Female Para Athlete of the Year in Andalusia.

Khemisset

Khemisset (, ) is an Amazigh town in northern Morocco. 131,542 people lived there at the 2014 census.

Niceto Alcalá-Zamora

Niceto Alcalá-Zamora y Torres (6 July 1877 – 18 February 1949) was a Spanish lawyer and politician. He was the first prime minister of the Second Spanish Republic, and the president from 1931 to 1936.

Francia Márquez

Francia Elena Márquez Mina (born 1 December 1981) is a Colombian human-rights and environmental activist who is the Vice President of Colombia since 2022.

In August 2020, Márquez announced her candidacy for President of Colombia in the 2022 election. She is the first Colombian woman of African descent to run for the presidency. She later became the vice presidential candidate for Gustavo Petro's presidential campaign and won the election in June 2022, becoming the country's first black female vice president.

In 2019, the BBC listed Francia Márquez on their 100 Women for that year.

University of Granada

The University of Granada (, UGR) is a public university in Granada, founded Emperor Charles V in 1531. It has around 80,000 students, it is the fourth largest university in Spain.

2022 Philippine presidential election

The 2022 Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections was held on Monday, May 9, 2022, as part of the 2022 general election. This was the 17th direct presidential election and 15th vice presidential election in the Philippines since 1935.

President Rodrigo Duterte could not run for re-election because he was limited to a single term, while vice president Leni Robredo could have ran for re-election but chose to run for the presidency instead. This election elected the 17th president and the 15th vice president. The position of president and vice president are elected separately.

The 2022 presidential election was the first where all candidates for president were born after World War II ended.

Bongbong Marcos and Sara Duterte were elected president and vice president respectively in a landslide victory.

Panfilo Lacson

Panfilo "Ping" Morena Lacson Sr. (; born June 1, 1948) is a Filipino politician and former police general. He became a Senator of the Philippines in 2016. He has also been a Senator from 2001 to 2013. He was the Director General of the Philippine National Police (PNP) from 1999 to 2001.

He was a candidate for President of the Philippines in the 2004 presidential election. He unsuccessfully ran for president again in 2016, he later decided to run for the senate. Lacson unsuccessfully ran for president again in the 2022 election as an independent candidate.

Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization

Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization is a landmark decision by the US Supreme Court that ruled that abortion in the United States is not a protected right in the country. The Court heard the case in December 2021 and decided that the law, passed by Mississippi in 2018, is constitutional. It made all abortions after the first 15 weeks of pregnancy illegal.

On May 2, 2022, "Politico" published a leaked draft opinion. Someone found Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito's notes and gave them to Politico. The notes looked like a majority opinion and so they would probably match the final decision. In the draft, Alito decided to overturn "Roe v. Wade" and "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" and rejected those earlier Supreme Court cases. Those court cases made abortion legal in the United States. With those decisions gone, each state would decide for itself whether it would make abortion legal or not.
On June 24, 2022, the Supreme Court ruled in a 6-3 decision that abortion is not a protected right in the United States.

Justices Samuel Alito, Clarence Thomas, Brett Kavanaugh, Neil Gorsuch, and Amy Coney Barrett wrote the majority opinion. Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor wrote the dissenting opinion. Chief Justice John Roberts wrote a concurring opinion, which declared the law constitutional but did not overturn "Roe v. Wade", which allowed abortion.

After the leak, members of the US Senate tried to make a new law to allow abortion in the whole country. The law would stop any states from making abortion illegal, but it did not pass.

On May 14, protesters marched and held up signs in more than 380 cities across the United States, and 20,000 people marched in Washington, DC. That was called the "Bans off Our Bodies" protests.

US President Joe Biden said, "It's a sad day for the Court and for the country," and that "the health and life of women in this nation are now at risk." In a statement, former President Donald Trump took credit for the decision and called it "the biggest WIN for LIFE in a generation.”

Many world leaders and diplomats are against the decision and support abortion as a human right like UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo, French President Emmanuel Macron, Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, and Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis.

Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, a Republican, signed an executive order protecting abortion rights in the state. Democrat Governors Jay Inslee, Kate Brown, and Gavin Newsom, respectively of Washington State, Oregon, and California, also announced a creation of the "West Coast offense," a joint policy to allow and protect abortion rights.

In Florida, a new law restricts abortions to 15 weeks of pregnancy, down from 24, with no exceptions for rape or incest.

Historic district

A historic district is a part of a city that has a lot of very old buildings or statues inside it that are kept because they are historical. In the United States, the National Register of Historic Places takes care of historic districts.

Tony Brooks

Charles Anthony Standish Brooks (25 February 1932 – 3 May 2022) was a British Formula One racing driver. He was also known as the "racing dentist". He participated in 39 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 14 July 1956, having six wins, 10 podium finishes and 75 career points. 

He was third in the World Drivers' Championship in 1958 with Vanwall and second in 1959 with Ferrari. He was born in Dukinfield, Cheshire, England.

Brooks died on 3 May 2022 at the age of 90.

Public Square (Watertown, New York)

The Public Square is a historic district in Watertown, New York. The Public Square has 58 buildings in it. The Public Square was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 7, 1984.

1931 Spanish general election

The 1931 Spanish general election was an election held on June 28, 1931 during the Second Republic. It took place in several rounds .It resulted in an overwhelming victory for the right, with the CEDA and the Radicals together winning 219 seats.

Julián Besteiro

Julián Besteiro Fernández (21 September 1870 – 27 September 1940) was a Spanish politician who was elected to the Cortes Generales. In 1931, he was elected as Speaker of the Constituent Cortes of the Spanish Republic. 

Carmen Costa

Carmen Costa Cerezuela (Fraga, 1951 ─ Barcelona, May 1, 2022) was a Spanish politician and mayor of Fraga, Huesca until his death in 2022.

Carmen was born in Fraga and raised in that city. After 2019 elections, she became the first female mayor of Fraga. Her sister, Esther, worked at Piensos Costa, S.A.

In 2021, she announced that he had a tumor.

His death occurred during her tenure as mayor of Fraga, due to a Cancer. The leader of the Popular Party, and expresident of Galicia Alberto Núñez Feijoo lamented his death. Her funeral joined more than 500 people.

President of the Republic (Spain)

President of the Republic () was the title of the head of state during the Second Spanish Republic (1931–1939).

Ameba TV

Ameba is a subscription-based streaming video service.
It hosts educational TV shows, children's cartoons, and music videos via the web, mobile, tablet, smart TVs, gaming consoles, and connected smart devices. The company was founded in 2007. It is headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Ameba is currently available throughout the U.S. and Canada for free through AVOD (Ad supported VOD and Linear Streaming) and SVOD (subscription). On March 21, 2019, Ameba became the first CAVCO accredited independent children's streaming service allowing content producers to meet the "shown in Canada" requirement for the Canadian Film or Video Production Tax Credit (CPTC) program.

Ameba TV is available across multiple digital viewing platforms. They include:


Ameba's content catalog has 14,000 episodes and 2,800 hours of children's shows. The shows come from small independent providers, YouTube creators and large producers from around the world. Titles are organized into multiple categories. They span several genres, including education, preschool, classics, movies, animation, music and much more. Ameba has a deep catalog of Nostalgic content from the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.


TeachTown

TeachTown is an American software company. 
TeachTown provides educational software to schools, clinicians and parents for children with autism spectrum disorder, developmental disabilities, intellectual disabilities, or emotional and behavior disorders.

TeachTown was founded in Seattle, Washington in 2003. TeachTown had financial backing from Washington Research Foundation following its second-prize win of the University of Washington's business plan competition. This was soon followed up with support from Seattle-based angel investors, and Kevin MacDonald joining to lead technical operations. Some of the investors were parents of children with autism.
In 2006, TeachTown merged with Animated Speech Corporation. Feshbach became TeachTown's largest investor and CEO.

Terry Thoren took on the role of president and CEO in 2009.

In 2012 Dave Cappellucci assumed the CEO position. Dan Feshbach remained as chairman of the board. The company was re-capitalized and TeachTown became a subsidiary of Jigsaw Learning LLC.

Bain Capital acquired TeachTown in 2021 through its Bain Capital Double Impact program.

Transportation Security Administration

The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) that has authority over the security of transportation systems within, and connecting to the United States. It was created as a response to the September 11 attacks to improve airport security and safer airtravel. 

Edgewater, Maryland

Edgewater is a census-designated place (CDP) in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The population was 9,446 at the 2020 census.

Amarinder Singh

Amarinder Singh (born 11 March 1942) is an Indian politician, military historian, former royal and former veteran. He was the 15th Chief Minister of Punjab. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly from Patiala. 

In 1980, he won a seat in the Lok Sabha for the first time. Singh resigned as the Chief Minister of Punjab on 18 September 2021.

K. Chandrashekar Rao

Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao (born 17 February 1954) is an Indian politician. He is the first and current Chief Minister of Telangana since 2014. He is the founder and leader of the Bharat Rashtra Samithi. He is known for leading the Telangana movement to that led Telangana becoming an Indian state. 

Rao was the Union Minister of Labour and Employment from 2004 to 2006. He represents Gajwel constituency in the Legislative Assembly of Telangana.

Erich Barnes

Erich Theodore Barnes ( ; July 4, 1935 – April 29, 2022) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League. He was a six-time Pro Bowler. He was born in Elkhart, Indiana. He played for the Chicago Bears, New York Giants and Cleveland Browns. His career lasted from 1958 to 1971.

Barnes died on April 29, 2022 from a long-illness in East Rutherford, New Jersey at the age of 86.

Second Person (band)

Second Person was a British band formed in 2001 and performed until 2011, the 3 members were Julia Johnson, Mark Maclaine and Álvaro López.


David Birney

David Edwin Birney (April 23, 1939 – April 29, 2022) was an American actor and director. His career lasted from 1965 until his retirement in 2007. He was known for his role as Dr. Ben Samuels in "St. Elsewhere" from 1982 until 1983. He also played Bernie Steinberg in "Bridget Loves Bernie".

Birney appeared in the movies "Caravan to Vaccares" (1974), "Trial by Combat" (1976), "Au revoir à lundi" (1979), "Oh, God! Book II" (1980), "Prettykill" (1987), and "Nightfall" (1988)

He played Anakin Skywalker in the radio version of "Return of the Jedi".

Birney was born in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Brooklyn, Ohio and Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at Dartmouth College and the University of California, Los Angeles. He was married to actress Meredith Baxter from 1974 until their divorce in 1989. They had three children.

In December 2017, it was announced that Birney was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died from the disease on April 29, 2022 in Santa Monica, California, one week after his 83rd birthday.

Fraga

Fraga (; ) is the major town of the "comarca" of Bajo Cinca () in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. It is located by the river Cinca. According to the 2014 census, it had a population of 14,926 people.

Sparta, New Jersey

Sparta Township is a township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 19,600.

Sibel Alaş

Sibel Alaş (born February 13, 1975, İstanbul) is a Turkish pop music artist. She first became known with her song "Adam" ("The Man") in 1995.




Kshira Sagara

Kshira Sagara is said as the birth place of supreme Trimurti god Vishnu. Kshira Sagara is hindu historical place which is surrounded by pure water with powers of millions of stars, universe,constellations, etc. It is said to be the hidden heaven in earth there are lots scripts in Ramayana and Mahabharata, And it is also mentioned in tamil and sanskrit scripts. Kshira Sagara is the underground mysterious place. Which is connected with time and space.

Alakshmi

Alakshmi is the second wife of demon Kali (demon). She is often recounted as “cow-repelling, antelope-footed, and bull-toothed."

Kamadeva

Kamdeva is the god of love in Hindu mythology. Kamdeva is the son of God Vishnu and Lakshmi. He is also called as cupid. Kamdeva is also mentioned in Shivpurana.

Bernardo (footballer, born 1995)

Bernardo Fernandes da Silva Junior (born 14 May 1995), player name Bernardo, is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg.

Bernardo started his career at Audax São Paulo. Then he went on to Red Bull Brasil in 2012. After three matches in the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 he went on loan to Ponte Preta but he was only three times on the bench and was sent back to the Red Bulls. 2015 he made three matches in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.

2016 he went to Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. His debut was on 7 February 2016 in the 2–1 Bundesliga victory over Admira.

Bernardo joined RB Leipzig on 28 August 2016 for £3.4m. For Leipzig he played 32 matches in his first season. In his second season, he played 27 games for Leipzig.

On 5 July 2018he went to Brighton & Hove Albion from Leipzig for £9 million. Bernardo made his debut for on 11 August in a 2–0 away loss to Watford. He played 22 Premier League matches in his first season with Brighton. He scored his first goal for on 17 September 2020 in a 4–0 home victory over Portsmouth in the EFL Cup. 

On 19 January 2021 Bernardo returned to Red Bull Salzburg on a loan until the end of the season. 5 days later he made second debut for Salzburg coming on as a substitute in the 61st minute . Bernardo scored his first goal since his return on the 22 May versus WSG Wattens

Bernardo signed permanently for Salzburg on 2 July 2021. 
In August 2023 he went to VfL Bochum in the Bundesliga.
Bernardo is the son of former Brazil international footballer Bernardo Fernandes da Silva.

Red Bull Salzburg

Nico Mantl

Nico Mantl (born 6 February 2000) is a German professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Germany U21 national football team.

He started with FC Deisenhofen and then went on to Unterhaching where he was the first goalkeeper. Mantl went on to Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg in January 2021, signing a four-and-a-half year contract.



Majority illusion

In mathematics, the majority illusion or majority paradox is a math paradox that explain how bias are created. It applies to social media and it has a connection with graph theory, data science and statistics.

It was first proposed by Kristina Lerman, Principal Information Scientist and mathematician at the University of Southern California. 

Using graph theory we can imagine a network of 10 people, where 8 believe that God exists, and 2 that it does not exist. If a God believer is friend of those 2 who does not believe in God, that person will think that the "majority" are not believers, while the number of people of people believing that God exists quadruples the number of people who does not.

As Eduardo Saénz, Spanish mathematician said, "using complex data science and statistics, we can create algorithms which provide help for understanding complex networks, such as social media".

On Twitter, this illusion is often displayed. In 2020, a movement start growing in social media to pass from bots in order to do not give them support.

Scinax similis

Cochran's snouted tree frog ("Scinax similis") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Peoples of Balkan in Turkey

Peoples of Balkan in Turkey, (Turkish: Balkan Muhacirleri or Balkan Göçmenleri) are Rumelian-Turks like the Balkans-Yörüks and Gajal, and other ethnic Non Turks Balkan peoples, the Muslim Slavs like Pomak, Gorani, Bosniaks, Torbesh, Chitatsi, Non Slavs Muslim like Patriyotlar, Nantinets, Albanians and Xoraxane Roma who are Muslims, living in Turkey. At the Greek War of Independence 1821–1829, Crimean War 1853–1856, Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), Balkan Wars 1912-1913, World War I 1914-1918, Greco-Turkish War 1919 -1922, the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923 and the Explusion of Turks from Yugoslavia in 1938, and aftermath of World War II 1945-1968, many Balkans Muslims of different Ethnicity was expelled from the those parts of the Balkans, who once belongend to the Ottoman Empire to settle in Turkey.,


Donald's Better Self

Donald's Better Self is a 1938 Disney cartoon featuring Donald Duck. This 8 minute short was first shown in March 1938. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 is a foldable smartphone that was released in 2021.

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 has a display when folded and display when unfolded.

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 has two rear cameras: 12 MP and 12 MP.

Ambulance (2005 movie)

Ambulance () is a 2005 Danish action thriller movie. It was directed by Laurits Munch-Petersen. He co-wrote the movie with Lars Andreas Pedersen. Tee movie stars Paw Henriksen, Thomas Bo Larsen and Helle Fagralid. It follows two brothers who rob a bank and steal an ambulance to escape police chasing after them. After they steal the ambulance, they discover a nurse and a patient are in it. The movie was released on 15 July 2005.

Garabit Viaduct

The Garabit Viaduct () is a railway arch bridge spanning the Truyère river, near Ruynes-en-Margeride, Cantal, France, in the mountainous Massif Central region.

The bridge was built between 1882 and 1884 by Gustave Eiffel, with structural engineering by Maurice Koechlin, and was opened in 1885. It is in length and has a principal arch with a span of .

In 1976, it was used to represent the fictional crumbling "Cassandra Crossing" bridge in the movie "The Cassandra Crossing", which collapses.


He Fell in Love with His Wife

He Fell in Love with His Wife is a 1916 American silent drama movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Florence Rockwell, Forrest Stanley, Lydia Yeamans Titus. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

AeroVironment

AeroVironment is an American defense contractor that primarily deals with unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). The headquarters is located in Arlington, Virginia. The company was founded by Paul B. McCready, Jr., a muscle car designer, in 1971. The company is best known for developing a series of human-powered and later solar-powered light vehicles. AeroVironment is the leading supplier of small drones to the Pentagon, including the Raven, Wasp and Puma models.

Airpush

Airpush is an American private company founded in 2010 working in the sphere of mobile advertising. It is one of the largest mobile ad platforms. The company is based in Los Angeles, California. Airpush was founded by Asher Delug.

Medio (company)

Medio Systems is a US company engaged in realtime predictive analysis services and software development. Founded in 2004. Headquartered in Seattle. It has been owned by Nokia since 2014.

Medio software is based on the cloud computing framework Apache Hadoop, and analyzes large amounts of data for mobile users. Historical and predictive analysis of pre-existing data is offered.

Juicy Juice

Juicy Juice is a Californian company that produces juices for children. Their products are being sold in the United States. It's motto is: "100% Juice." Juicy Juice was founded in 1977 by a company-subsidiary of Nestle.

Brynwood Partners

Brynwood Partners is an American private investment company. It was founded in 1984. It is headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut. In 2005 the company raised five investment funds of $ 250 million. These funds allow the company to own Juicy Juice, Balance Bar, and Pearson's Candy Company.

University of Asia Pacific

University of Asia Pacific (UAP) was made in 1996 as a private university. It was made under the Private University Act 1992. It has a vision to enhance the opportunities for higher education in Bangladesh. 
Its curriculum has been approved by The University Grants Commission of the Government of Bangladesh. The university started its operation, i.e. the first semester of classes, in 1996. They offered four-year bachelor degree programs in Computer Science and Technology and Business Administration only. Now UAP has undergraduate programs in Architecture, Business Administration, Civil and Environmental Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering and Pharmacy. 
UAP has been sponsored by University of Asia Pacific Foundation, a non-profit, non-commercial organization based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The aim of the Foundation is to promote human and social development through, inter alia, improved educational opportunities, innovative educational programs relevant to the needs of an emerging society and to develop skills, know how and awareness of the youth through appropriate institutional means.

The foundation has been made by a group of eminent educationists, industrialists and administrators who share the same vision and social commitments. The University of Asia Pacific is the first project of the foundation aimed for these goals.

Google Fiber

Google Fiber is a company within the Alphabet holding. Its main product is a project to create an infrastructure for a broadband Internet access network using fiber optics. The project has been implemented in two parts of the Kansas City metropolitan area (Kansas City, Missouri, and Kansas City, Kansas). Still, expansion is planned in Kansas City North, Kansas City South, Westwood, Westwood Hills, and Mission Woods. The city-pioneer was chosen by competition. Google announced its choice on March 30, 2011.

By July 2012, the network infrastructure was successfully laid and ready for operation. At the same time, Google announced tariff plans for accessing the network. Three projects were offered: free broadband, 1Gbps for $70/month, and the previous version with TV service for $120/month. In addition to Internet access, subscribers get one terabyte of Google Drive storage, and TV plan subscribers also get a DVR with two terabytes of storage for recording TV shows. It is noteworthy that the video recorder can record up to 8 TV channels simultaneously, and the Nexus 7 is included with the TV set, which is used as a remote control to control the entire system. In addition, the TV service can stream video to iPads and Android tablets.

CNN+

CNN+ (pronounced as "CNN Plus") is a subscription streaming service and online news channel owned by the CNN division of WarnerMedia News & Sports. Announced on July 19, 2021, CNN+ launched on March 29, 2022.

CNN+ is the shortest-lived service under the Warner Bros. Discovery/Turner Broadcasting umbrella. It broke the previous record set by the Cable Music Channel. The Cable Music Channel lasted 35 days between October 26 and November 30, 1984.


Reverse of a number

The reverse of a number is a mathematical method to obtain from a number another written in the opposite way to the first.

For example, the reverse of 1234 is 4321. 

Given a positive integer formula_1, the integer which has the same digits in the reverse order is:

formula_2

Obtaining the reverse of a number is useful to predict if a number is Lychrel or not.

Zlatko Junuzović

Zlatko Junuzović ( born 26 September 1987) is an Austrian former professional footballer. From 2006 to 2017 he played in the Austrian national team. 

Junuzović moved with his parents to Austria in 1992. He played for the youth teams of Grazer AK.

In 2015 he made his debut for Grazer AK in the Bundesliga. In summer 2007 Junuzović moved to SK Austria Kärnten and 2009 to FK Austria Wien.

In 2010 he was awarded by the managers of the league teams Austrian Footballer of the Year and the fans voted him "Player of the Year" in the annual award of the newspaper Kronen Zeitung.

In January 2012 Junuzović went to Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen and played till 2018 for the team. In 2015 Junuzović was voted as "Player of the Season" by Werder's fans. In April 2018 he left Bremen after six and half years at the club. He joined FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He played there until 2022 and then his contract was not extended. He ended his career and became assistant coach of FC Liefering.

Junuzović was born in the Serbian town of Loznica to a Bosnian family.

Junuzović played for Austria at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup. where they reached the fourth place. In March 2006 he made his debut for the Austria national football team in friendly match against Canada. He also played for Austria at the 2016 Euros.

In October 2017 Junuzović retired from the national team.

Red Bull Salzburg

Lino Capolicchio

Lino Capolicchio (21 August 1943 – 3 May 2022) was an Italian actor, screenwriter, and movie director. He was born in Merano, Italy. He was known for his roles in "The Garden of the Finzi-Continis" and "The House with Laughing Windows". For three seasons, Capolicchio was the voice dub for Bo Duke in the Italian broadcasts of "The Dukes of Hazzard".

Capolicchio died on 3 May 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 78.

Monarchy of Sweden

The monarchy of Sweden is the monarchical head of state of Sweden. Sweden is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy with a parliamentary system. Sweden was originally an elective monarchy, it became an hereditary monarchy in the 16th century during the rule of Gustav Vasa. 

Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk

Thomas Howard (1473 - 25 August 1554) was an English politician. He was an able soldier and was imprisoned during Edward VI's reign. He was pardoned by Mary of England in 1553. He was restored to his dukedom and died on 25 August 1554.

Mieke Wijaya

Miecke Marie De Rijder (17 March 1939 – 3 May 2022) was an Indonesian actress and model. She was born in Bandung, West Java, Dutch East Indies. Wijaya won three Citra Awards in 1967, 1975 and 1981. Her best known roles were in "Tiga Dara", "Badai Pasti Berlalu" and "Verses of Love".

Wijaya died at her home in Jakarta, Indonesia on 3 May 202 from problems caused by leukaemia and diabetes, aged 83. 

Royal Court of Sweden

The Royal Court of Sweden () is the official name of the organisation that supports the monarch, and the royal house. King Carl XVI Gustaf, the current monarch, is the head of the Royal Court.


House of Bernadotte

The House of Bernadotte is the royal house of Sweden since its 1818. It was also the royal house of Norway between 1818 and 1905. It was founded by Charles XIV John of Sweden, who was born in Pau in southern France. 

Bolognese (dog)

The Bolognese is a small Italian dog breed that owes its name to the city of Bologna. The Bolognese is a toy dog with a delicate and fine build, a popular and adaptable companion and family dog, very adventurous. It has curly coat that is pure white in color.

The Bologneserspitz was a German breed of toy dog, mixed of Pomeranian and Bolognese dog.

Miranda July

Miranda July (born Miranda Jennifer Grossinger; February 15, 1974) is an American movie director, screenwriter, singer, actress and author. She wrote, directed and starred in the movies "Me and You and Everyone We Know" (2005) and "The Future" (2011) and wrote and directed "Kajillionaire" (2020).

Barre (town), Vermont

Barre is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 7,923 at the 2020 census. 

Madison Gesiotto

Madison Mari Gesiotto Gilbert (née Gesiotto; born March 20, 1992) is an American attorney and politician. Gesiotto Gilbert won Miss Ohio USA 2014 and represented Ohio at that year's Miss USA. Gesiotto Gilbert was the Republican nominee for U.S. Representative in the 2022 election in Ohio's 13th congressional district. She lost the election in November 2022 to Emilia Sykes.

Steve Chabot

Steven Joseph Chabot ( ; born January 22, 1953) is an American politician and lawyer. He has been the United States representative for since 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. In 2022, Chabot lost his re-election campaign to Democrat Greg Landsman.

Stan Lundine

Stanley Nelson Lundine (born February 4, 1939) is an American politician. He was the Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1987 until 1994. He was also a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1976 until 1986. From 1970 until 1976, he was the Mayor of Jamestown, New York.

Neal McCaleb

Neal A. "Chief" McCaleb (born 1935) is an American civil engineer and Republican politician. He is a member of the Chickasaw Nation. He was the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs under President George W. Bush from 2001 until 2003.

McCaleb was Oklahoma Secretary of Transportation from 1987 until 1991 and again from 1995 until 2001. He was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1975 until 1983. He was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

P-adic number

-adic numbers come from an alternate way of defining the distance between two rational numbers.

-adic numbers are based in modular arithmetic, which is a method of counting that loops back on itself, like a clock. 2018 Fields Medalist Peter Scholze is an expert in this area.

The -adic numbers were invented at the beginning of the twentieth century by the German mathematician Kurt Hensel. The aim was to make the methods of power series expansions, which play such a dominant role in the theory of functions, available to the theory of numbers as well.

The -adic absolute value gives us a new way to measure the distance between two numbers. The -adic distance between two numbers x and y is the -adic absolute value of the number x-y.

The Wrong Trousers

The Wrong Trousers is a 1993 British Stop-motion animated short film directed by Nick Park featuring his characters Wallace and Gromit, and was produced by Aardman Animations in association with Wallace and Gromit Ltd.

"The Wrong Trousers" takes place in the United States on 17 December 1993, and the United Kingdom on 26 December 1993 on BBC Two It was commercially successful, and won the Academy Award for Animated Short Film in 1994. It also inspired a charity fundraising day, known as "Wrong Trousers Day".


Alessandra Biaggi

Alessandra Rose Biaggi (born May 20, 1986) is an American politician. She is a member of the New York State Senate since 2019.

In February 2022, Biaggi announced her candidacy to the U.S. Representative for New York's 3rd congressional district. She lost the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries.

Joaquim de Almeida

Joaquim António Portugal Baptista de Almeida (born 15 March 1957) is a Portuguese-American actor. He is known for playing Andrea Bonanno in the 1987 movie "Good Morning, Babylon", Félix Cortez in the 1994 thriller "Clear and Present Danger" and Bucho in the 1995 action thriller "Desperado". 

He also played Ramon Salazar on the Fox thriller drama series "24", between 2003 and 2004, and Hernan Reyes in the 2011 movie "Fast Five".

Oakum

Oakum is a type of rope made of tarred fibre. It is normally used to fill gaps. The main traditional use of oakum was in shipbuilding. It was used for caulking, It was used to fill areas between timbers in wooden vessels and the deck planking of iron and steel ships. Oakum was also used in plumbing to seal connections in cast iron pipe and in log cabins for chinking. In ship caulking, it was put into the seams using a hammer and a caulking iron, then sealed into place with hot pitch.

Antoine Bernède

Antoine Joseph Emmanuel Bernède (born 26 May 1999) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Bernède started his career with FC Solitaires Paris-Est and in 2012 he went on to Paris Saint-Germain. He made his professional debut on 4 August 2018 in the Trophée des Champions. He came in in the 74th minute for Thiago Silva in the 4–0 win against Monaco.

On 6 February 2019 Bernède signed with Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Bernède's mother is Cameroonian and his father is French.

Paris Saint-Germain

Red Bull Salzburg


Lawrence Agyekum

Lawrence Agyekum (born 23 November 2003) is a Ghanaian footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian side Liefering on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.He also played in the FC Rdd Bull Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.

Agyekum started his career with West African Football Academy. He came to the senior team in December 2019. He debuted on 24 January 2020 coming in for Michael Danso Agyemang against Liberty Professionals. He made 5 league matches before the league was cancelled.After the restart he was on the club's squad list for the 2020–21 season. He scored his debut goal on 24 February 2021 

On 7 February 2022 Agyekum went to the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg and signed a contract till 2026 . He was loaned to Liefering. He also played for the FC Red Bull Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League. 

22nd Army Corps (Russian Federation)

The 22nd army corps is a division of the Russian Armed Forces.

Aztec calendar

The Aztec calendar is an ancient calendar system used by the Aztec people of Central America. The calendar is different from the Gregorian calendar in that there was a 260 day ritual year, with a century lasting 52 years rather than 100 years.

Cook (profession)

When it comes to professions, a cook or cooker is someone who prepares meals primarily by cooking them. A cook typically has a lower rank than a chef.


Activities of daily living

Activities of daily living are the basic grooming, chores and other related activities of everyday life. These include cooking, financial skills, putting on and removing one's clothes, brushing one's teeth, etc.

Chore

A chore is a task, specifically a maintenance or cleaning task, especially in a domestic setting.

Grooming

Grooming is a range of activities done to improve or maintain appearance and or hygiene. Examples include combing hair, bathing and showering, brushing teeth, spraying perfume, etc.

Motor skills

Motor skills are the skills involving motion and dexterity of human muscles coordinating with the brain and nervous system.

Developmental disability

A developmental disability is an disability that starts when someone is very young.

Some examples of developmental disabilities are:


Developmental disabilities can make some things harder. Some people can't speak out loud. Some people need extra help learning how to read. Developmental disabilities can be mental or physical or both. Sometimes developmental disability can be diagnosed when someone is young. For example, if a child has trouble walking, they might have a developmental disability. Sometimes developmental disability isn't diagnosed until later. For example, some autistic people are diagnosed as adults. They were still autistic as babies, but it is hard to tell sometimes.

There are many causes for developmental disabilities. Doctors don't know most of the causes. Many developmental disabilities are genetic. You inherit genes from both of your parents. Sometimes when you inherit genes from your parents, there is a mutation. A mutation is an unexpected change in your genes. Some mutations cause developmental disabilities like Down syndrome and Fragile X syndrome.

Some developmental disabilities are caused by outside conditions. For example, fetal alcohol syndrome can be caused by the mother drinking alcohol while pregnant. Sometimes lead poisoning can also cause developmental disabilities.

Many people with developmental disabilities also have physical issues or disabilities as well. Some issues are symptoms of the condition. For example, dyspraxia is a disability where someone has trouble with movement and coordination. Other conditions or disabilities are commonly associated with developmental disabilities. For example, people with Down syndrome are more likely to have epilepsy than someone without the condition.

People with developmental disabilities are more likely to develop mental illnesses or other mental health issues than people without developmental disabilities. When someone has both a developmental disability and a mental illness, this is called a dual diagnosis. An estimated 30 to 35% of people with developmental disabilities also have a mental illness

There are a couple reasons for that:


People with developmental disabilities are more likely to develop:


Throughout history, society considered people with developmental disabilities as "lesser" and used that justification to treat people with developmental disabilities badly. People with developmental disabilities were considered a "problem" or a "burden" that needed to be solved.

In ancient Europe, people with developmental disabilities were considered lesser. In Greece and Rome, children with developmental disabilities were often left to die. Aristotle wrote, "as to the exposure and rearing of children, let there be a law that no deformed child shall live." In the medical field, Greek scholars like Hippocrates and Galen proposed that the source of disability is a problem in the brain.

In the Bible, Jesus was kind to people with disabilities and often performed "miracle cures" such as restoring a blind person's sight. In 1 Thessalonians 5:14, Paul wrote: "comfort the feeble-minded." Some Christians saw it as charity to care for people with developmental disabilities.

The Middle Ages saw the beginning of institutions. Former places for people with leprosy were converted to house people considered deviant, which included people with disabilities. The Catholic Church established orphanages for abandoned infants. In England, "poor laws" created places for people to live and work. Conditions in all of these institutions was inhumane and many died.

Most societies thought that people with disabilities should be segregated and imprisoned. In the 1800s and 1950s, institutions became common. Some hoped to educate people with developmental disabilities and others were just warehouses to keep people. Regardless of intent, the conditions were often very poor.

Jean-Etienne Dominique Esquirol (1782-1840) provided the first classification system for intellectual disability, dividing people into "idiots" and "imbeciles." Imbeciles were "generally well formed, and their organization is nearly normal. They enjoy the use of the intellectual and affective faculties, but in less degree than the perfect man, and they can be developed only to a certain extent." Idiots were "Incapable of attention, idiots cannot control their senses. They hear, but do not understand; they see, but do not regard. Having no ideas, and thinking not, they have nothing to desire; therefore have no need of signs, nor of speech." While these classifications seem to be based on intellectual capacity, it is not that simple. Anyone who could not speak would be considered an "idiot." Many people who today would not be diagnosed with an intellectual disability, were considered an "imbecile" or "idiot" under the terms of the day.

Dorothea Dix, an American reformer, petitioned Congress for better care for people with disabilities. She asked for 5 million acres to care for people with disabilities, which Congress gave. Despite her good intentions, this began the era of public institutions.

Disability benefits

Disability benefits are social security benefits designed for people who need help and have extra costs due to severe disability.

Rhotacism

Rhotaicism is a speech disorder that makes it difficult or impossible to produce any R sounds. Most people with rhotaicism convert the R sound to a W sound. Rhotaicism is not to be confused with non-rhoticity.

Moritz Neumann

Moritz Neumann (born 25 February 2005) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a forward for Austrian Second League club FC Liefering. He also plays for the U18 Academy team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career with SVg Mayrhofen then he went on to SV Innsbruck. 2019 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering in the second league when he was in the starting XI versus SKN St. Pölten. 

Periodic table (alternate)

The German physician, physicist and chemist Julius Lothar Meyer developed a table of elements of a horizontal form in 1862 and an expanded version in 1864 Julius Lothar Meyer. And after the Russian chemist Dmitry Ivanovich Mendeleev published a draft version of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements of vertical form in 1869, Julius Lothar Meyer published the vertical form of the Periodic Table of Elements of his edition in 1870. Thus, an important difference between the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer and the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev became apparent. But Mendeleev from 1970-1971 began to display his edition of the Periodic Table of Elements only in horizontal form. It is likely that the unnatural separation of the first elements in the periods from the subsequent elements by meticulous scientists and ordinary people would not be perceived as an unnatural soaring. 
Meyer ended the periods on an element of the group of alkaline earth metals. And Mendeleev ended the periods on the element of the halogen group. Therefore, in Meyer's Periodic Table of Elements there are no gaps between the first 1, 2 or 3 elements and subsequent elements in the second and subsequent periods. In the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev, the first two (after the discovery of noble gases in 1902 - three) elements hang unnaturally above the subsequent elements of the periods, there is no such incident in the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer.
The Swiss chemist Alfred Werner published his own edition of the horizontal form of the Periodic Table of Elements in 1905, where he finished the periods on the element of the noble gases group. Where the first two elements in the periods were displayed in isolation from the subsequent elements of the periods. Many scientists attributed this edition of the Periodic Table of Elements to Mendeleev.

Here are the modern editions of the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer, Mendeleev and Werner. <nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>

<nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>

Scinax baumgardneri

Baumgardner's snouted tree frog ("Scinax baumgardneri") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly three places, all in Venezuela.

Alvin Leung

Born march 13th 1961, he is from Hong Kong and was born in English borders(USA). He is a famous chef and has two Michelin stars at his restaurant Bo Innovation. Lelung is also called the demon chef for his creation of the X-treme cuisine.

Farinelli

Farinelli (; 24 January 1705 – 16 September 1782) was the stage name of Carlo Maria Michelangelo Nicola Broschi (). He was a castrato singer.


Jim O'Rourke

Jim O'Rourke is an American musician.


3D Maze

3D Maze is the name used for a screensaver made in OpenGL that was in Microsoft Windows from Windows 95 to Windows ME.

All mazes have random paths, and start at a floating start button. The maze is automatically solved with the left-hand rule, which always works because it is simply connected.

The maze has brick walls, a wooden floor and an asbestos tile ceiling. Custom pictures can be used. Later versions include animated psychedelic patterns.

The maze has floating "OpenGL" logos, globe images on the walls (from the OpenGL Programming Guide's cover), and an image of a rat also moving through the maze. Touching polyhedric gray rocks flips the camera upside down and swaps the floor and ceiling. Reaching the exit or touching another gray rock switches them back.

The maze's exit is a floating, translucent smiley face. Touching it resets the screensaver.

A 2D map, which uses simple vector graphics, can be enabled. The "player" is shown as a blue triangle, the start as a red triangle, the smiley face as a green triangle, the rocks as rotating white triangles, the OpenGL logos as stationary white triangles, and the rat as an orange triangle.

Cornell University's Maze in a Box, which draws 3D graphics with a Atmel Mega32 microcontroller, was inspired by 3D Maze. In 2017, independent video game developer Cahoots Malone used assets from the original ssmaze.scr file to make it into "Screensaver Subterfuge", a video game.

XScreenSaver 5.39, released in April 2018, has a similar screensaver, Maze3D, which was made by "Sudoer".

Writing for "Bustle", Jessica Blankenship knew of nothing as "mesmerizing, alluring, frustrating, and exquisite" as getting lost in 3D Maze. "Slate"'s Jacob Brogan said 3D Maze is a "harried, first-person rush through a brick-walled labyrinth" and similar to an "intelligence at work", and compared it to watching one's grandparents play "Wolfenstein 3D" "while sitting in silence as they haplessly mashed the keypad".

Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej

Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej (8 November 1901 – 19 March 1965) was a Romanian communist politician and electrician. He was the first Communist leader of Romania from 1947 to 1965, serving as first secretary of the Romanian Communist Party (ultimately "Romanian Workers' Party", PMR) from 1944 to 1954 and from 1955 to 1965, and as the first Communist Prime Minister of Romania from 1952 to 1955. He was also the first communist dictator of Romania before Nicolae Ceaușescu .

Traffic light problem

The traffic light problems are a type of mathematical problems involving several distant traffic lights out of phase and a car moving at a constant speed.

Imagine a 1-meter road, with a traffic light in the background that changes from red to green every 10 seconds. If the car travels at 1 meter per second, we can guarantee that unless it starts in second 9 of being green, it will always have to wait less than 10 seconds.

C. S. Lee

Charles Seung-hee Lee (; born December 30, 1971), known professionally as C. S. Lee, is a South Korean-born American actor and comedian. He is perhaps best known for playing Vince Masuka on the Showtime drama series "Dexter".

Józef Leśniak

Józef Krzysztof Leśniak (6 March 1968 – 4 May 2022) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Law and Justice party. He was in the Sejm from 2015 to 2019. Leśniak was born in Limanowa, Poland.

Leśniak died on 4 May 2022 at the age of 54.

Harm Ottenbros

Harm Ottenbros (27 June 1943 – 4 May 2022) was a Dutch road bicycle racer. He raced as a professional from 1967 to 1976. He won a gold medal and rainbow jersey at the 1969 world cycling championship road race in Zolder, Belgium. He was born in Alkmaar.

Ottenbros died in Strijen at the age of 78.

Lalli Partinen

Lalli Simo Samuli Partinen (20 August 1941 – 4 May 2022) was a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He played for HIFK and SaiPa. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Winter Olympics. He was honored into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 1987. He was born in Kannonkoski, Finland.

Partinen died of COVID-19 at hospital in Lappeenranta, Finland on 4 May 2022, at the age of 80.

Odir Rocha

Manoel Odir Rocha (12 February 1941 – 4 May 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Reform Progressive Party. He was mayor of Palmas from 1997 to 2000 and briefly was in the Chamber of Deputies from February to March 1995. He was born in Araguari, Brazil. 

Rocha died in Palmas on 4 May 2022 at the age of 81.

Araguari

Araguari is a city in western Minas Gerais state, Brazil. It is in the northern Triângulo Mineiro region. The population in 2020 was 117,825.

Regina Reyes Mandanas

Regina Ongsiako Reyes-Mandanas (July 3, 1964 – May 5, 2022) was a Filipino politician. She was a member of the Philippine House of Representatives from 2013 until 2016. Reyes Mandanas was born in Manila, the Philippines.

Reyes Mandanas died on May 5, 2022 at a hospital in Makati, Philippines from problems caused by sepsis at the age of 57.

Kailua, Hawaii

Kailua () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States.

Gerry Lindgren

Gerald "Gerry" Paul Lindgren (born March 9, 1946) is an American track and field runner. He set many long-standing high school and national records in the United States. In 1965, Lindgren and Billy Mills both broke the world record for the six-mile run when they finished in an extremely rare tie at the AAU National Championships, both running exactly 27:11.6.

Kirby and the Forgotten Land

Kirby and The Forgotten Land is a 2022 3D platform game in the Kirby series. It is the first Kirby game to be in 3D. It was released on March 25, 2022.
"Forgotten Land" adapts the gameplay of previous entries into a 3D space. Kirby can no longer infinitely jump, instead he has limits. Two new abilities, Ranger and Drill, show up for the first time. 

Kirby can suck or inhale various objects or people and transform into them. Kirby can get special abilities this way. 

Kirby has to find Waddle Dees in levels. When Kirby gets more Waddle Dees, they build more stuff in Waddle Dee Town.

Kirby is sent to another world, where his friends, the Waddle Dees, are being kidnapped by the Beast Pack. Kirby meets a cute blue creature named Elfilin, and they work together to save the Waddle Dees. They then discover that King Dedede is helping the Beast Pack. Dedede kidnaps Elfilin and flies away. They then save Dedede from being controlled by the Beast Pack, and go into Lab Discovera. 

In Lab Discovera, they fight a lion named Leongar, who wants to use an alien to go to a different world. After you beat Leongar, the alien is woken up, and combines with Elfilin to become Fecto Elfilis, who tries to crash Kirby's home planet, Planet Popstar, into this world. Kirby beats Fecto Elfilis, and then Elfilin stops the two worlds from crashing.

Democratic Coalition (Hungary)

The Democratic Coalition (, DK) is a social-liberal political party in Hungary led by former Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsány. 

Bally's Chicago

Bally's Chicago is an approved casino resort that will be built in Chicago, Illinois, the United States. In May 2022, Mayor Lori Lightfoot approved Bally's Corporation's bid to build a casino area in the city. It will be located in the city's River West neighborhood near the Chicago River.

In April 2021, Lightfoot announced that the "casino-resort" would have a 500-room hotel, meeting space, restaurants, bars and entertainment venues. 

The goal for this casino was to create a $200 million in annual tax revenue from the casino to fund police and firefighter pension funds.

A casino run by Rush Street Gaming with a location at the South Loop and Chinatown along the Chicago River and a proposal from Hard Rock to build the casino near Soldier Field were also discussed. The James R. Thompson Center was also seen as a possible casino location.

On May 5, 2022, Lightfoot announced that she had selected the bid from the Bally's Corporation.

Across the Plains (1910 movie)

Across the Plains is a 1910 American silent Western movie. It was directed by Francis Boggs. The movie stars Hobart Bosworth.


Gary Farrelly

Gary Farrelly (born 1983) is a contemporary Irish artist based in Brussels.

He graduated from the National College of Art and Design in Dublin in 2006. His work involves utopic, and infrastructural themes.

Ayumi Ishida (actress)

Ayumi Ishida (いしだあゆみ) is a Japanese popular actress and singer. She was born on March 26, 1948 in Nagasaki, Japan.

Ishida has officially started as a singer in 1964. Then in December, 1968 her early recording "Blue Light Yokohama" (ja:ブルー・ライト・ヨコハマ) was made public by a songwriter Kyohei Tsutsumi (筒美京平). This single recording was her biggest hit, and nominated as a best vocal performance award in Japan. Thanks to its hit, she was introduced on a then NHK program "紅白歌合戦" in the same year and became popular throughout Japan.

Ishida also acted as actress on dramas on television, too. She appeared on many movies such as "男はつらいよ".

Her major hit songs were as follows.
<br>



Moe Kamikokuryo

Moe Kamikokuryo was born on October 24, 1999, in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.

In November 2015, Kamikokuryo was chosen as the sole fourth-generation member of Angerme.


Akari Takeuchi

Akari Takeuchi was born on November 23, 1997, in Saitama, Japan.

In 2008, Takeuchi joined Hello! Pro Egg alongside Mizuki Fukumura and Rie Kaneko.

In 2011, Takeuchi as well as Kana Nakanishi, Fuyuka Kosuga, Rina Katsuta and Meimi Tamura were announced as sub-members of S/mileage.

Ronald Lopatni

Ronald Lopatni (also spelled Lopatny; 19 September 1944 – 5 May 2022) was a Croatian professional water polo player. He was known for winning a gold medal in Mexico City in the 1968 Summer Olympics with the Yugoslavian water polo team. Lopatni was born in Zagreb, present-day Croatia.

Lopatni died on 5 May 2022 in Zagreb at the age of 77.

Lucy Torres-Gomez

Lucy Torres-Gomez (born Lucy Marie Martinez Torres; December 11, 1974), is a Filipina actress and politician. She was the Representative for Leyte's 4th legislative district from June 2013 to June 2022. She was a representative before from June 2010 to March 2013. In 2022, she became Mayor of Ormoc.

She is married to Ormoc mayor Richard Gomez.

Bienvenido Nebres

Bienvenido F. Nebres (born March 15, 1940) is a Filipino scientist, mathematician, and Jesuit. He was the longest-serving university president of the Ateneo de Manila University, serving from 1993 until 2011. He currently is a member of the board of trustees of Georgetown University, Regis University, the Asian Institute of Management.

He is also a member of the board of directors of Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company.

Karine Jean-Pierre

Karine Jean-Pierre (born August 13, 1974) is a French-born American political campaign organizer, activist, political commentator, and author. She is the 35th White House Press Secretary since May 13, 2022. She was the White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary from 2021 until 2022. She is the first black person and the first openly LGBTQ person to be Press Secretary.

Jean-Pierre was the chief of staff for Democratic vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris on the 2020 United States presidential campaign and was the first Black woman, and the first lesbian, to ever hold that position. 

Jean-Pierre was born in Martinique, France to Haitian immigrant parents. She was raised in Queens, New York.

Jean-Pierre is openly lesbian.

CASAS

CASAS is an American organization that tests adult general and English knowledge. 
CASAS (Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment System) also provides training in various areas. Some educational systems use the CASAS test for ESL (English as a second language) placement. It used to be called the California Adult Student Assessment System. Sixty agencies in California use the test, including state prisons and county jails. Connecticut bases its testing on CASAS, but calls it the Connecticut Competency System. The New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development also uses the test.

The CASAS Educational Functioning Levels are 1 - Beginning ESL Literacy; 2 - Low Beginning ESL; 3 - High Beginning ESL; 4 - Low Intermediate ESL; 5 - High Intermediate ESL; 6 - Low Advance ESL. This is used for WIA, Title II Funded Programs. 

The ABE and ASE levels are 1 - Beginning ABE Literacy; 2 - Beginning Basic Education; 3 - Low Intermediate Basic Education; 4 - High Intermediate Basic Education; 5 - Low Adult Secondary Education; 6 - High Adult Secondary Education. 

List of airlines of Azerbaijan

This is a list of airlines of Azerbaijan which have an Air Operator Certificate (a license that allows the airlines to fly) given by the Civil Aviation Authority.


Kingdom of Armenia (medieval)

The Kingdom of Armenia, (, Hayastani t’agavorut’yun) was an independent Armenian state established by Ashot I of the Bagratuni dynasty in the early 880s following nearly two centuries of foreign domination of Greater Armenia under Arab Umayyad and Abbasid rule.

Ashot I's prestige rose as both Byzantine and Arab leaders courted him. The Abbasid Caliphate recognized Ashot as "prince of princes" in 862 and, later on, as king. Several contemporary prominent Armenians, including Grigor-Derenik Vaspurakan, insisted on Ashot's coronation. Ashot was crowned King of Armenia through the consent of Caliph al-Mu'tamid in 885 to prevent intrusion into Armenian territory by Basil I, a Byzantine emperor of Armenian origin. The establishment of the Bagratuni kingdom later led to the founding of several other Armenian principalities and kingdoms: Taron, Vaspurakan, Kars, Khachen and Syunik. During the reign of Ashot III (952/53–77), Ani became the kingdom's capital and grew into a thriving economic and cultural center. The first half of the 11th century saw the decline and eventual collapse of the kingdom. The Byzantine emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025) won a string of victories and annexed parts of southwestern Armenia. King Hovhannes-Smbat felt forced to cede his lands and in 1022 promised to "will" his kingdom to the Byzantines following his death. However, after Hovhannes-Smbat's death in 1041, his successor, Gagik II, refused to hand over Ani and continued resistance until 1045, when his kingdom, plagued with internal and external threats, was finally taken by Byzantine forces.


Scinax madeirae

Scinax madeirae is a frog. Scientists have seen it in Brazil and Bolivia.

Allen Iverson

Allen Ezail Iverson (/ˈaɪvərsən/; born June 7, 1975) is a former American professional basketball player. He played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) at both the shooting guard and point guard positions. Iverson was an 11-time NBA All-Star, won the All-Star game MVP award in 2001 and 2005, and was the NBA's Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2000–01 season. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016.
Iverson went to Bethel High School in Hampton, Virginia. This is where he played for the football team and the basketball team. He won the Associated Press High School Player of the Year award in both football and basketball. He also won the Division AAA Virginia state championship in both sports. After high school, Iverson won a scholarship to Georgetown University. He played college basketball with the Georgetown Hoyas for two years. He set the school record for career scoring average (22.9 points per game). He also won the Big East Defensive Player of the Year awards in both years.
After two years at Georgetown, Iverson was eligible for the 1996 NBA draft. He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers with the first overall pick. He was named the NBA Rookie of the Year in the 1996–97 season. Iverson won the NBA scoring title during the 1998–99, 2000–01, 2001–02, and 2004–05 seasons. Iverson was one of the smallest players in NBA history at 6 feet, 0 inches. His regular season career scoring average of 26.7 points per game ranks seventh all-time, and his playoff career scoring average of 29.7 points per game is second after Michael Jordan. Iverson led his team to the 2001 NBA Finals. He won the bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics. 

Later in his career, Iverson played for the Denver Nuggets, Detroit Pistons, and the Memphis Grizzlies, before ending his NBA career with the 76ers during the 2009–10 season. He was ranked as the fifth greatest NBA shooting guard of all time by ESPN in 2008. He finished his career playing with Turkish-based basketball team, Beşiktaş in 2011. In 2017, Iverson joined BIG3, a 3-on-3 basketball league, as a player-coach for the team ‘3’s Company.’ 

Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani

Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani () is an upcoming Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film directed by Karan Johar from a screenplay by Shashank Khaitan and Sumit Roy. Its dialogues were written by Ishita Mohra. It stars Dharmendra, Jaya Bachchan, Shabana Azmi, Ranveer Singh, and Alia Bhatt. It is produced by Dharma Productions and Viacom18 Studios. The music of the film is composed by Pritam Chakraborty. The film marks the onscreen reunion of Dharmendra and Jaya Bachchan after 48 years, having previously worked together in "Sholay" (1975). 

Principal photography commenced in August 2021. The movie was released on 28 July 2023.
An adult love story about a North Indian guy & a Bengali girl.


Cento

Cento () is a town and "comune" in the province of Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.

Lil Durk

Lil Durk (born October 19, 1992) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter from Chicago. His real name is Durk Derrick Banks. Durk's debut album, "Remember My Name" was released in 2015. In 2020 he released the single “The Bigger Picture”, which peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the highest-charting song as a lead artist of his career. In the same year, Durk released the studio album “The Voice“, which peaked at number 2 on the US Billboard 200 chart. He released his mixtapes through his own record label OTF (Only the Family). 

As a teenager, he was jailed briefly on charges of possessing weapons. Durk’s cousin McArthur "Nuski" Swindle was murdered in 2014. In 2015, his manager was also murdered. Durk had a brother known as D Thang. His close friend was King Von.

Durk would win his first Grammy Award at the 66th Grammy Awards. He won the Grammy for Best Melodic Rap Performance. He shared the Grammy with fellow rapper J. Cole for their song "All My Life".

Pakistan Cricket Board

Pakistan Cricket Board is a official Pakistani sports body for cricket that control and organies all tours and matches undertaken by the Pakistan national cricket team. PCB is the member of the International Cricket Council since 1952 and represents national teams both for men's and women's in the ICC international cricket tournaments. PCB also organzaied a national level Twenty20 cricket league called Pakistan Super League.

This board was founded on 1 May 1949 as the Board of Control for Cricket in Pakistan (BCCP). Later name was changes to PCB.

Vasco Almeida e Costa

Vasco Fernando Leote de Almeida e Costa, , (; 26 July 1932 – 25 July 2010) was a Portuguese naval officer and politician who was the Minister of Internal Administration between 19 September 1975 and 23 July 1976. 

Ho Iat-seng

Ho Iat-seng (; born 12 June 1957) is a Macanese politician who is the 3rd and current Chief Executive of Macau since December 2019.

Ruins of Saint Paul's

The Ruins of Saint Paul's (; ) are the ruins of a 17th-century Catholic religious building in Santo António, Macau, China. In 2005, it was listed as part of the Historic Centre of Macau, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The church was built in 1565 by the Jesuits. Most of the church was built using mud and wooden materials except for the front facade. 

In 1595, the church was damaged by fire, it was quickly rebuilt and it was repaired in 1602. At that time, it was the largest Catholic Church in Eastern Asia. In 1762, the Jesuits were forced to abandon the church because of persecution. In 1835, between 6:00 p.m. and 8:15 p.m., a large violent fire destroyed the church, only the front of the church survived, the church has never been rebuilt again.

2022 Madrid explosion

2022 Madrid explosion occurred on May 6, 2022, after a gas accumulation in Madrid, Spain. Two people were killed and 19 others injured.

Many explosions have occurred in the Spanish capital, including a similar one in 2021.

Before the explosion, several neighbors smelled a strong odor of gas. The explosion occurred after 1:00 p.m., in the Barrio de Salamanca in Madrid. At 7:00 p.m., the two people who were killed, both male workers, were identified.

2021 Madrid explosion

The 2021 Madrid explosion occurred on 20 January 2021, when a natural gas leak caused the explosion of a building located in Madrid, Spain. 

Four people were killed and eleven were injured.

Lee's Summit, Missouri

Lee's Summit is a city in Cass and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Avondale Estates, Georgia

Avondale Estates is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Chamblee, Georgia

Chamblee is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Vittorio De Angelis

Vittorio De Angelis (20 September 1962 – 11 June 2015) was an Italian voice actor. He was born in Rome. He was known for being the official dubber of actors Cary Elwes, Kevin James and Matt LeBlanc. He dubbed the voice of Prince Eric in "The Little Mermaid" as well as Joey Tribbiani in "Friends" and the spin-off "Joey".

De Angelis died on 11 June 2015 as a result of a heart attack. He was 52 years of age.

Clarkston, Georgia

Clarkston is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Doraville, Georgia

Doraville is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Lithonia, Georgia

Lithonia is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Pine Lake, Georgia

Pine Lake is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Stonecrest, Georgia

Stonecrest is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Tucker, Georgia

Tucker is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

KHKS

KHKS (106.1 FM) is a Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format, licensed to Denton, Texas, and is under ownership of iHeartMedia, (formerly Clear Channel Communications). It is known as "Kiss FM". The station's studios are located along Dallas Parkway in Farmers Branch (although it has a Dallas address), and their transmitter site is located in Cedar Hill.

KHFI-FM

KHFI-FM (96.7 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Georgetown, Texas, and serving the Greater Austin radio market. Owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., it airs a Top 40/CHR radio format, branded as "KISS-FM." It shares studios and offices with other iHeart stations in the Penn Field complex in the South Congress district (or "SoCo") of south central Austin within walking distance of St. Edward's University. It had previously been located in a downtown Austin office building off Barton Springs Road.

KRRL

KRRL (92.3 FM) – branded "Real 92.3" – is a commercial urban contemporary radio station licensed to Los Angeles, California, serving much of the Greater Los Angeles area. Owned by iHeartMedia, KRRL serves as the flagship for "Big Boy's Neighborhood". The KRRL studios are located in the Los Angeles suburb of Burbank, while the station transmitter resides on Mount Wilson. Besides a standard analog transmission, KRRL broadcasts over three HD Radio channels, and is available online via iHeartRadio.

WWPR-FM

WWPR-FM (105.1 FM) is an urban contemporary music radio station licensed to New York City. WWPR-FM is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts from studios in the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building. The station is the flagship station of the nationally syndicated morning show, "The Breakfast Club".

Géza Varasdi

Géza Varasdi (6 February 1928 – May 2022) was a Hungarian athlete. He mainly competed in the 100 metres. He was a member of the national team of Hungary between 1948 and 1956. Varasdi competed for Hungary at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland where he won the bronze medal.

Varasdi died in Melbourne, Australia in May 2022, aged 94.

Du'Vonta Lampkin

Du'Vonta Lampkin (January 7, 1997 – May 5, 2022) was an American football defensive tackle. He played college football at Oklahoma. He was born in Houston, Texas. His career lasted from 2018 until 2019. He played offseason with the Tennessee Titans in 2018.

Lampkin was shot and killed at his apartment in Dallas, Texas on May 5, 2022 at the age of 25.

Théodore Nzue Nguema

Théodore Nzue Nguema (9 November 1973 – 5 May 2022) was a Gabonese football manager and professional player. He played as a striker. He played for the Gabon national team between 1995 and 2005, making 77 appearances.

Nguema died on 5 May 2022 in Mongomo, Equatorial Guinea at the age of 48.


Enzo Robutti

Enzo Robutti (24 October 1933 – 13 February 2022) was an Italian actor, comedian, playwright, and writer. He was born in Bologna, Italy. His career began in 1963 and he retired in 1988. His best known works were "Il Profeta", "Tell Me You Do Everything for Me" and "Dog's Heart".

Robutti died on 13 February 2022 in Viterbo, Italy at the age of 88.

José Luis Violeta

Jose Luis Violeta Lajusticia (25 February 1941 – 5 May 2022) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a midfielder for Real Zaragoza and the Spain national team. He made 14 appearances with the national team between 1966 until 1977. He was born in Zaragoza, Spain.

Violeta died on 5 May 2022 in Zaragoza at the age of 81.

Macau Peninsula

The Macau Peninsula (, ) is the oldest and most populous part of Macau. It is located in the south of Zhongshan Island, Canton Province.

A-Ma Temple

The A-Ma Temple is a temple to the sea-goddess Mazu in São Lourenço, Macau, China. It was built in 1488 and is one of the oldest temples in Macau.

Icemaker

An icemaker is an appliance that is designed to freeze water into ice for various uses.

Most icemakers are built into refrigerators as part of their freezer compartment. You can either get ice by using a scoop inside the freezer or many modern refrigerators will have an ice and water dispenser on the front of it. The water used will come inside the back of it after which it goes through a water filter located somewhere inside of it. 
A portable icemaker is an icemaker that is designed to easily move around and fit almost anywhere. These icemakers will plug into a standard household outlet and are manually filled with water whenever ice is required. Depending on how long the freeze cycle is will determine how thick the ice is. These icemakers are also known for making nugget ice that can easily be chewed. 
Most restaurants, schools, hospitals, and other places of business use a lot of ice daily and they must have the ability to quickly make a lot of ice. These are permanently installed devices that require cleaning every so often. In order to keep the ice and the machine clean many will have advanced water filtration systems nearby to remove the calcium and other impurities in the water. 

Sutyagin house

The Sutyagin House was a 13-storey building well known for being a building code violation. It was located in the Russian city of Archangelsk and was demolished by the municipal government in 2008.

Gracie Mansion

Gracie Mansion is the official residence of the mayor of New York City.

Updown Court

Updown Court is a 58 acre (23 hectare) estate in Surrey, England. It was once the world's priciest house, at £70,000,000\$150,000,000. The estate comprises of 12 buildings.

Building one is the main mansion itself with 50,000sqft/4800sqm of living space on four floors. The house includes 14 bedrooms, 14 full bathrooms, a dozen powder rooms, four swimming pools, a two lane bowling alley, marble and mosaic tile floors and walls, etc.


Employee accommodation

Employee accommodation or employee housing are dwelling units, usually dormitory or barracks style, on the premises of a property, for the staff of the organization or company to live in.

Cesspit

A cesspit, cesspool or drainage ditch is an open air pit used for storing sewage and runoff rainwater.

Spelling Manor

The Spelling Manor is a 55,000sqft\5380sqm chateauesque mansion in the ritzy Los Angeles, California neighborhood of Holmby Hills. The house is best known for having been the most expensive house in the US, once selling for us$150million. Among the property's features include a gift wrapping room, bowling alley, rooftop rose garden, three swimming pools, a koi pond, etc.

Holmby Hills

Holmby Hills is one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in Los Angeles, California and adjacent to Bel Air. Holmby Hills is well known for its sky-high real estate prices, property taxes, etc. There's two parks in Holmby Hills and the area is home to many celebrities.

Chateauesque

Chateauesque is a revival architectural style modelled on the style of the chateaux of France.

Housing cooperative

A housing cooperative or housing co-op is an apartment building or similar development (such as a mobile home park), in which tenants own shares of the cooperative organization that owns the development. This ownership structure (housing tenure) is different from renting and homeownership in that co-op owners don't get exclusive possession of their units. Instead, they are granted the conditional right to reside in the units by a co-op board. Housing co-operatives are usually exempt from some of the anti-discrimination laws that other housing tenures must abide by.

Mobile home park

A mobile home park, trailer park or manufactured home community is a residential subdivision where the dwelling units are mobile homes. Usually, the land lots in a mobile home park are leasehold, where residents pay ground rent. In other such communities, residents own the lots and may pay fees.

Housing tenure

A housing tenure is the financial and ownership structure by which someone has the right to reside in a dwelling unit. Common housing tenures include





Leasehold

Leasehold is a housing tenure or type of ownership. With a leasehold. the person who lives in a property, such as a house, owns the building itself but rents the land it sits on. The leases on land and commercial buildings are often decades or centuries in length.

Low-rise building

A low-rise building is a short building, usually up to five storeys. Low rises may or may not have elevators and they typically have only a few units. Such buildings include almost all houses, garden apartment buildings, small office buildings, detached restaurants, smaller hotels, churches, etc.

Legcuffs

Leg irons, leg cuffs or refers are restraining devices for the legs. They are like handcuffs and are usually designed and built with a longer chain that allows walking, but prevents running and kicking. Leg irons are usually put on a prisoner when he or she goes to court or works on a chain gang.

Leash

A leash or lead is a strap used to control the movement of an animal. It is normally connected to a collar, harness or halter to control a pet, Leashes are commonly used on dogs during walks and other times when the pet is outside the owner's home or property. It is used to make sure the animal does not wander away from its owner. A leash can also be used on toddlers and other small children to prevent them from wandering away from their parents or guardians during outings.

Swaminarayan

Lord Swaminarayan is Founder of Swaminarayan Sampradaya.According to Hindu Scriptures, Lord Swaminarayan is Supreme god ( Parabrahma)his other names is Sahajanand Swami,Harikrishna,Ghanshyam,Nilakandh,Shriji Maharaj, Shri Hari.

Halter

A halter is a combination of a leash and a collar. It is used to restrain the head of livestock and control its movement. Halters are mostly used with horses and cattle

Heat death of the universe

The heat death of the universe or just heat death is a theory about how our universe might end. It would involve entropy reaching its maximum state and thermodynamics ceasing. It will not happen for an extremely long time. The very earliest estimates place it as 10^100 years from now, or one with one hundred zeros. It may take even longer than that.

Al-Ahzab

Surah Ahzab, one of the surahs (chapters) of the Quran, is an important surah for marriage. This Surah defines many practical regulations for married couples, allowing them to live in a happy, prosperous marriage built on mutual respect. This Surah emphasizes the importance of attention, carefulness, and understanding between a couple to lead toward a successful, harmonious relationship. Ultimately, surah al Ahzab for marriage helps couples who seek; to marry with their true love and, obedience & loyalty within their marriage.
One of the vital surahs to recite upon marriage is Surah al Ahzab Wazifa for marriage, also known as 'The Clans'. This Surah comes from the chapters of the Qur'an that were revealed in Makkah ( Mecca) , and originated from 73 Ayats or Verses.
Surah Ahzab is a chapter of the Quran composed of 73 verses, and it has several benefits that can help strengthen the bond between couples. This Surah can help married couples advance in their relationship by providing guidance related to marriage practices and behavior. 

The first benefit of Surah Ahzab for married couples is, it guides them in terms of marital relationships and responsibilities. Surah provides advice on how to handle arguments and disagreements,

It emphasizes on communication between husband and wife. It encourages husbands and wives to speak openly with one another, especially in hard times. 

By being honest with each other, couples can better understand where each person is coming from, which results in fewer misunderstandings or tension between them. Additionally, it reminds both partners to treat each other kindly and gently instead of resorting to hurtful words or actions during disagreements.

Finally, this chapter encourages married couples to show mutual respect for one another. It speaks about how love between two people should be unconditional no matter what circumstances arise.

Additionally, it mentions how spouses should not let themselves become jealous or envious of others' successes or blessings because when a couple works together, they are capable of achieving more than either one could do alone. This helps a couple stay united even during difficult times because they know they have an ally in one another. 

Overall, reading through this chapter can provide a lot of insight into how a husband and wife should interact with each other during the marriage. It gives advice on topics such as money management, communication techniques, as well as respect for one another's feelings which all make up the foundation of a strong relationship. Thus, by utilizing what is taught within this Surah, married couples can reap the benefits of having a healthy partnership built upon mutual understanding and trust.

Royal Peculiar

A royal peculiar is a Church of England parish or church that is not under the jurisdiction of the diocese and the province it is in. It is subject to the jurisdiction of the monarch.

The church parish system dates from Saxon times. Most early churches were provided by the lord who owned the land that the parish was in. A "donative parish" (or "peculiar") was one that was not under the jurisdiction if the diocese. These churches were normally held by a churchman from another district, parish or diocese. They could include the separate or "peculiar" jurisdiction of the monarch, another archbishop or bishop, or the dean and chapter of a cathedral. An "archbishop's peculiar" is subject to the direct jurisdiction of an archbishop. A "royal peculiar" is subject to the direct jurisdiction of the monarch.

Most peculiars lasted to the Reformation. Unlike royal peculiars, they were ended during the 19th century by Acts of Parliament. After this, they were under the jurisdiction of the diocese they were in. A few non-royal peculiars still exist. In modern times, most royal peculiars are the Diocese of London.

Stilt house

A stilt house or stilted house is a house raised off of the ground on posts. Such homes are common in areas prone to flooding and hurricanes

Houseboat

A houseboat is a vessel specifically designed to be a semipermanent dwelling. Houseboats tend to have engines that allow them to move under their own power, just like most other modern vessels. Floating homes are sometimes called houseboats.

In some places houseboats are used by tourists.

After Burner

After Burner is a arcade vehicular combat video game, developed by Sega AM2 and published by Sega. The playere assumes controlled by American fighter jet F-14 Tomcat, and player must cleared each stages of the game's eighteen unique stages by destroying all enemies around the player, using both a machine gun and a limited supply of heat-seeking missiles. It uses a third-person perspective, using previously of Sega's earlier games "Space Harrier" (1985) and "Out Run" (1986), and also using the game engine Sega X Board arcade system and usingh a sprite rotation. It is the fourth Sega game tu used a hydraulic "taikan" motion simulator arcade cabinet.

A sequel called "After Burner II" that released in 1987, "After Burner III" released in 1993.

Chaeryeong

Lee Chaeryeong was born on June 5,2001 in Yongin, South Korea. She has 2 sisters and Chaemin. Lee graduated from Hanlim Multi Art School. She majored in Department of Musical Theatre. She graduated on February 7, 2020 along with bandmate Ryujin.

Chaeryeong appeared for the first time on television along with her elder sister, Chaeyeon, during the 3rd season of "K-pop Star". Both her and her sister were eliminated from the show, however they were able to join JYP Entertainment as trainees.

Then in 2015, she participated in Mnet's reality survival show "Sixteen", which eventually determined the members of girl group Twice. She was eliminated in the last episode of "Sixteen" and was unable to debut. Sometime after being eliminated from "Sixteen", she continued to train under JYP Entertainment. She appeared in episode 1 of "Stray Kids" with bandmates Yeji, Ryujin and Yuna.

On February 12, 2019, Lee made her debut as a member of Itzy alongside Yeji, Lia, Ryujin and Yuna, with the digital single album "It'z Different". It featured "Dalla Dalla" and "Want it?" and incorporated EDM and Hip Hop elements. Dalla Dalla the lead single of "It'z Different" got high ranks on notable music sites and recorded one-thousand views in 18 hours and one-hundred million views in 57 days in Youtube. They also won the prize of M Countdown eight days after their debut. Being open the 4th generation of K-pop, they got the nickname Monster Lucky.

Micronova

A micronova is a type of explosion on the surface of a star with about one millionth the strength of a (classical) nova. It was first observed in April 2022 and is caused by accumulation of material onto the star from its environment.


Freedom Movement (Slovenia)

The Freedom Movement (, GS), formerly known as the Green Actions Party (, Z.DEJ), is a green-liberal political party in Slovenia. Its founding congress took place on 8 May 2021. It was founded by Jure Leben. 

In January 2022, the party was taken over by Robert Golob who also changed the name to Freedom Movement. The party defeated the Slovenian Democratic Party and its three-term prime minister Janez Janša in April 2022 elections.

2022 Changsha building collapse

The 2022 Changsha building collapse happened on 29 April 2022 in Wangcheng District, Changsha, Hunan, China. The accident killed 54 people.

2022 Brazilian general election

General elections took place on 2 October 2022 in Brazil to elect the President, Vice President, and the National Congress. A run-off was held on 30 October.

There were more than 146 million registered voters in Brazil when this election took place, making the country the second largest democracy in the Americas and one of the largest in the world.

On 5 May 2022, President Jair Bolsonaro ordered an audit on the country's voting machines, five months before the election, with people believing should he lose the election he would not accept defeat.

On 2 October 2022, former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva advanced to the run-off election on 30 October against President Bolsonaro. Lula won 48.43% of the vote against Bolsonaro's 43.20%.

On 30 October, Lula defeated Bolsonaro winning 50.90% of the vote against Bolsonaro's 49.10%. Two days later, Bolsonaro did not say he lost the election however agreed to a transition of power. After Bolsonaro lost, his supporters began blocking several roads and bridges.

On 8 January 2023, one week after Lula's inauguration, supporters of Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Supreme Court of Brazil, the National Congress of Brazil and the Planalto Presidential Palace in the Praça dos Três Poderes plaza in Brasília, the federal capital.

To vote in Brazil, voters must be citizens over 16 years old and is mandatory for those between 18 and 70 years old. Those who do not vote in an election and do not show a reason why must pay a fine, normally R$3.51 (same as US$0.67 as of June 2022).

Brazilian citizens living abroad may only vote for president and vice president. Portuguese citizens legally living in Brazil for more than three years may also register to vote in Brazilian elections.

Other national elections will be held at the same time as the presidential election. Governors and Vice Governors of Brazil's states and of the Federal District will also be elected at the same time. 

One-third of the 81 members of the Federal Senate will be elected, the other two-thirds having been elected in 2018.

All 513 members of the Chamber of Deputies (Federal Deputies) will be elected. The Chamber elections are held using open list proportional representation.

<gallery mode="packed" heights="160">
File:Simone Tebet em 15 de julho de 2019 (2; recorte).jpg|

João Doria

João Agripino da Costa Doria Júnior (born 16 December 1957) is a Brazilian politician, businessman and journalist. He was the Governor of São Paulo, from January 2019 to March 2022. He was the 52nd Mayor of São Paulo. from 1 January 2017 He was the first mayor in 24 years to be elected in the first round. Doria is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB). 

Doria ran for President of Brazil in the 2022 election, but dropped out in May 2022.

Alan Gillis

Alan Leslie Gillis (22 September 1936 – 6 May 2022) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and Farmers' leader. He was president of the Irish Farmers' Association from 1990 to 1994. He was elected to the European Parliament in 1994 and lost re-election in 1999. Gillis was born in County Kildare, Irish Free State.

Gillis died on 6 May 2022 at the age of 85.

Roclothissors

A kind of boxing guessing has long been documented in China.The gesture order originated from the Han Dynasty in China. The gesture order originated from the wine-order,It was first recorded in Qiye, a Chu bamboo slips of Tsinghua University, in the eighth year of King Wu of Zhou Dynasty,Through wine making to entertain the banquet, it evolved into "stone scissors and cloth",And a series of guessing games. 

"All Tang poetry" records the poem "waving order", which vividly depicts Similar Games by means of metaphor.It was first seen in the miscellaneous notes of Shuyuan by Lu Rong in the Ming Dynasty of China. But guess Boxing at that time was slightly different from that now. Lu Rong said, "today people use guessing boxing as a Tibetan lottery. 

Yin Zhongkan and Huan Xuan shared the hook. Gu Kaizhi took the hook, and Huan won. Or it is said that Mrs. Gou Yi's fist song was followed by people at that time, because of this play." It can be seen that what was "guessed" at that time was what was hidden in his hands, but now it's just "guessed" the other party's fingers. Therefore, the ancient guessing fist is also known as "guessing pieces", "Tibetan lottery" and "Tibetan hook". Lu Rong believes that it originated from the imperial concubine of Emperor Wu of the Han Dynasty, Mrs. Gou Yi, who had contracture in her hand.
Muhammad Bilal Butt

Muhammad Bilal Butt (), is a Pakistani politician from Punjab. He is member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018.
In 2018 Pakistani general election, Muhammad Bilal Butt of PMLN defeated the Muhammad Ahmad Chattha of PTI by taking 55159 votes from PP-52 (Gujranwala-II).


Barbara Bain

Barbara Bain (born Mildred Fogel; September 13, 1931) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Cinnamon Carter on the action television series "" (1966–1969). She also starred as Dr. Helena Russell on the British science fiction television series "" (1975–1977).

Ron Carter

Ronald Levin Carter (born May 4, 1937) is an American jazz double bassist. He appeared in over 2,220 recording sessions, making him the most-recorded jazz bassist in history. 

Carter has three Grammy Awards. Carter is also a cellist who has recorded many times on that instrument.

Félix Moloua

Félix Moloua is a Central African Republic politician. In February 2022, Félix Moloua was appointed Prime Minister of the Central African Republic.

Simplice Sarandji

Simplice Sarandji (born 4 April 1955) is a Central African politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 2016 until 2019. He was the chief of staff for Prime Minister Faustin-Archange Touadera. 

Corrado Gaipa

Corrado Gaipa (13 March 1925 – 21 September 1989) was an Italian actor, best active on film, television, radio, theatre and voice dubbing. He gained international recognition in the role of Don Tommasino in the 1972 film "The Godfather" directed by Francis Ford Coppola. As a voice artist, he dubbed the voices of Bagheera in "The Jungle Book", Scat-Cat in "The Aristocats" and Alec Guinness in the "Star Wars" trilogy.

Gaipa died on 21 September 1989 in Rome after some health problems. 

Scinax duartei

The lanceback tree frog or Duarte's snouted tree frog ("Scinax duartei") is a frog. It lives in the mountains in Brazil.

Alessandro Valignano

Alessandro Valignano or Valignani (; 15 February 1539 – 20 January, 1606) was an Italian Jesuit priest and missionary who was born in Chieti. He helped bring Catholicism to the Far East, and especially to Japan and China.

Deee-Lite

Deee-Lite was an American house and dance music group started in New York City. Their most popular song was "Groove Is in the Heart", which is from their first studio album "World Clique" (1990). It got to the top ten of music charts in many countries. "Billboard" said they were the 55th most successful dance artists of all time in 2016.

Studio albums

Compilations

Macau Tower

The Macau Tower Convention and Entertainment Center (; ), also known as Macau Tower (; ), is a tower in Sé, Macau. 

Bolonka Franzuska

The Bolonka Franzuska is a Russian bred Toy Dog in white fluffy color coat. The breed was established at the time of Catherine II of Russia . She got white little dogs like Maltese (dog), Bolognese (dog) and Bichon Frisé as presents from France nobles. In modern times especially in East Germany , this dog was very well liked and many Peoples bred and hold them as companian dog. The colored version is the Bolonka Zwetna. Sometimes white puppys are born in a litter from Bolonka Zwetna.

Bolonka Zwetna

The Bolonka Zwetna is a Russian bred Toy Dog for companionship, and belong to the Bichon-Family. This little Dog have all colors but not allowed to be white or piebald color. The size is 20 cm - 26 cm, and 3-4 kl. This Dog is the colored version of the Bolonka Franzuska.

Sart

Sart is a name for a group of settled people in Central Asia The meaning of the word had changed often over the centuries. Sarts were sometimes called "Ak-Sart" in ancient times. They did not have any particular ethnic identification. Most, but not all. Sarts lived in town.

There are many theories about the origin of the word Sart. It may come from the Sanskrit "sārthavāha" "merchant, trader, caravan leader". The term was thought to have been used by nomads to describe town-dwellers, This origin of the name has been suggested by Vasily Bartold, Gerard Clauson, and most recently Richard Foltz.

Kubachi people

The Kubachi (alternatively Kubachin) are a Muslim Peoples of the Caucasus Mountains who speak the in the of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia. They are sometimes regarded as a separate people. Ethnologue lists Kubachi within the but recognizes that it may be a separate language. The 'Kubachi' derives from Turkic "kübeci", 'maker of chain-mail' (< Turk. "kübe", "küpe",
originally 'small metal ring'; see 1972: 687;. Toparh et al. 2003: 166, 167).


Barbara Cartland

Barbara Cartland (9 July 1901 – 21 May 2000) was a English writer and media personality who was best known for her romance novels. Cartland wrote more than 700 books which sold nearly 800 million copies worldwide. Her first novel, "Jig-Saw", was written in 1922. Many of her novels have been adapted to media including films for television, most notably "A Hazard of Hearts" and "Duel of Hearts". She died from cancer at age 98. 

2017–18 FC Augsburg season

The 2017–18 FC Augsburg season was the 111th season in the football club's history. The season lasted from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.

6lack

6lack (born June 24, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter and rapper. He is best known for his single, "Prblms", which reached number 72 on the Billboard Hot 100. His first album, "Free 6lack", was released in November 2016. He received 3 Grammy Award nominations and has won MTV music video award. He battle rapped with Young Thug in school. 6lack is currently signed to LoveRenaissance and Interscope Records.

KZHT

KZHT (97.1 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) formatted radio station broadcasting to the Salt Lake City metropolitan area. It is owned by iHeartMedia as one of six radio stations in this market. The station's studios are located in West Valley City and its transmitter site is located southwest of the city on Farnsworth Peak in the Oquirrh Mountains.

WXKS-FM

WXKS-FM (107.9 FM), branded as "Kiss 108", is a commercial Top 40/CHR radio station licensed to serve Medford, Massachusetts, and covering Greater Boston. Owned by iHeartMedia, the WXKS-FM studios are in Medford and the transmitter sits atop the Prudential Tower in Downtown Boston.

Greater Boston

Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston (the capital of the U.S. state of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England) and its surrounding areas. The region forms the northern arc of the Northeast megalopolis, so Greater Boston means both a metropolitan statistical area (MSA) and a combined statistical area (CSA), which is broader. The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts, excluding the South Coast and Cape Cod; the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Providence (capital of Rhode Island), Manchester (the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire), Worcester (the second largest city in Massachusetts and in New England), the South Coast region, and Cape Cod. While the city of Boston covers and has 675,647 residents as of the 2020 census, the urbanization has extended well into surrounding areas and the CSA has a more than 8.4 million people, making it one of the most populous such regions in the U.S. The CSA is one of two in Massachusetts, the other being Greater Springfield. Greater Boston is the only CSA in New England that lies in three states (Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island); some definitions extend it into a fourth (Connecticut).

Birmingham metropolitan area, Alabama

The Birmingham metropolitan area, sometimes known as Greater Birmingham, is a metropolitan area in north central Alabama centered on Birmingham, Alabama.

Biewer Yorkshire Terrier a la pom pon

The Biewer Yorkie is Tri-coloured (Black-White and Tan), named after his Breeders, the Yorkshire Terrier Breeder couple Biewer from Germany. He has the same characteristics as the Yorkshire Terrier, but more calm in temperament.

Martha Corey

Martha Corey (1619 - 22 September 1692) was the wife of Giles Corey. They were both accused in the Salem Witch Trials, in which Giles was crushed to death and Martha was hanged.

Foldable phone

A foldable phone (also known as a foldable smartphone) is a smartphone that can be folded. Some foldable phones use multiple touchscreen panels on a hinge, while others use a flexible display. 

Concepts of such devices date back as early as Nokia's "Morph" concept in 2008, and a concept presented by Samsung in 2013 (as part of a larger set of concepts using flexible OLED displays). The first commercially available folding smartphones with OLED displays were sold in November 2018.

Tony Wrigley

Sir Edward Anthony Wrigley (17 August 1931 – 24 February 2022) was a British historical demographer. Wrigley and Peter Laslett co-founded the Cambridge Group for the History of Population and Social Structure in 1964. Wrigley was born in Manchester, England.

In 1960, Wrigley married Mieke Spelberg. He died on 24 February 2022, at the age of 90.

Fortaleza do Monte

Fortaleza do Monte () is a fort in Santo António, Macau. It is the historical military fort in Macau. The fort is part of the "Historic Centre of Macau" and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Art Cooley

Arthur P. Cooley (June 2, 1934 – January 30, 2022) was an American biology teacher, naturalist and expedition leader. He was a co-founder of the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF). He was born in Southampton, New York.

Cooley died on January 30, 2022 in Grand Junction, Colorado at the age of 87.

Gabriel Garran

Gabriel Garran (pseudonym of Gabriel Gersztenkorn) (3 May 1929 – 6 May 2022) was a French actor and theatre director. He directed "Paulette", "Lulu Kreutz's Picnic" and "See You Tomorrow".

Garran died on 6 May 2022, three days after his 93rd birthday.

Antón Arieta

Antón Arieta-Araunabeña Piedra (6 January 1946 – 7 May 2022), known as Arieta, was a Spanish footballer. He played as a striker. He was born in Durango, Spain. He played for the Spain national football team from 1970 until 1972, making seven appearances. 

Arieta died on 7 May 2022 at the age of 76.

Durango, Spain

Durango is a town and municipality of the historical territory and province of Biscay, located in the Basque Country, Spain. 

Fisseha Desta

Fisseha Desta (; 21 April 1941 – 7 May 2022) was an Ethiopian military officer and politician. He was the first vice president of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991 during the Mengistu Haile Mariam administration. He was born in Adwa, Ethiopia. In the 1990s Fisseha was sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in the military dictatorship. He was then released in 2011 on parole.

Desta died on 7 May 2022 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia from heart disease at the age of 81.

Stand by Me

Stand by Me may refer to:





Fulco I, Margrave of Milan

Fulco I, Margrave of Milan ( 1070 - 15/22 December 1128) was the founder of the House of Este.

Kang Soo-yeon

Kang Soo-youn (also known as Kang Soo-yeon; August 18, 1966 – May 7, 2022) was a South Korean actor. She won the best actress award (Volpi Cup) at the 44th Venice International Film Festival for acting in Im Kwon-taek's movie "The Surrogate Woman" (1986). In 1990, she won best actress award at the 16th Moscow International Film Festival for "Come Come Come Upward" (1989). She was born in Seoul, South Korea. Her started acting in 1969.

Kang went in the hospital in Seoul after she had a cerebral hemorrhage on May 5, 2022. She died two days later at the age of 55.

Cassock

The cassock or soutane is a type of clothing. It is a Christian clerical coat used by the Oriental Orthodox Church, Eastern Orthodox Church and the Catholic Church, it is also used by Protestants such as Anglicans and Lutherans.

Courtland Mead

Courtland Robert Mead (born April 19, 1987) is an American actor. He is best known for his performances on screen and in animation during the 1990s.

Kim Anderson

Kim Anderson is an associate professor at the University of Guelph. She works in the Department of Family Relations and Human Development in the College of Social and Applied Human Sciences. Anderson is an Indigenous (Metis) scholar. She researches Indigenous mothering, Indigenous feminism, Indigenous masculinities, and Indigenous knowledge in cities. She holds the Canada Research Chair in Indigenous Relationships, and leads a research team exploring the Indigenous concept of “all my relations" - an Indigenous expression of gratitude and connection - and how these relationships are developed and maintained among urban Indigenous populations. 

She got her PhD in History from the University of Guelph in 2010. She had studied the role of Anishinaabek life stage teachings among northern Algonquin women. These helped Indigenous peoples to decolonise and make healthier lives. Her M.A. is in Adult Education and Sociology and Equity Studies from University of Toronto's Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. She earned an Honours B.A. as an English Specialist from the University of Toronto.

Anderson joined the Department of Family Relations and Applied Nutrition at University of Guelph in 2017. She became the Canada Research Chair in Indigenous Relationships in 2018. She planss to "Indigenize the campus" with programs including language training, food and medicine gardens, and ceremonial spaces. Prior to joining the faculty at University of Guelph, Anderson was Associate Professor in Indigenous Studies at Wilfrid Laurier University from 2011-2016.


Phillip Van Dyke

Phillip Van Dyke (born June 13, 1984) is an American former actor. He is best known for portraying the goblin Luke in the first two installments of Disney's "Halloweentown" film series and Arnold in seasons two and three of Nickelodeon's "Hey Arnold!".

Santo António, Macau

Santo António is a civil parish () in the western part of the Macau Peninsula of Macau. It has the highest population density in Macau (98,776 persons per km²).

Scinax caldarum

The Caldas snouted tree frog ("Scinax caldarum") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in two places: Poços de Caldas and Alfenas, both in Minas Gerais.

Sperm theft

Sperm theft also known as forced fatherhood, spermjacking or spurgling (a mix of sperm and burgling), happens when a man's sperm is used, against his will or without his permission, to get a woman pregnant. It can also happen when someone lies about their use of contraceptives or when a man or boy is sexually assaulted. In most places, sperm theft is not illegal. It is an issue for men's rights campaigners.

United Armenia

United Armenia (Armenian: Միացեալ Հայաստան, Miats'eal Hayastan), also known as Greater Armenia or Great Armenia, is an Armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting all territories perceived as "historically or ethnically Armenian" to the Republic of Armenia. 

The modern use of United Armenia by the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) encompasses the following areas:

Roddy Ricch

Rodrick Wayne Moore Jr. (born October 22, 1998), known professionally as Roddy Ricch is an American rapper and singer. He released two mixtapes, "Feed Tha Streets" (2017), and "Feed Tha Streets II" (2018), through his label Bird Vision Entertainment. 

He was featured in Nipsey Hussle's posthumous single, "Racks in the Middle". In 2020, the song won Best Rap Performance at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards, becoming both Hussle and Ricch's first Grammy.

In December 2019, Ricch released his first album, "Please Excuse Me For Being Antisocial", which reached number one on the Billboard 200. The album's single, "The Box", reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100. Ricch was also featured in DaBaby's 2020 single "ROCKSTAR". It became Ricch's second number one on the Hot 100. In 2021, he released his second album, "LIVE LIFE FAST". The album peaked at number four on the Billboard 200.


Cornelia Jakobs

Anna Cornelia Jakobsdotter Samuelsson (born 9 March 1992), known as Cornelia Jakobs is a Swedish singer. She was a member of the girlband Love Generation. They entered Melodifestivalen in 2011 and 2012. 

Jakobs returned to Melodifestivalen in 2021. Jakobs won Melodifestivalen 2022 and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin, with the song "Hold Me Closer". She finished in fourth place in the final.

Giacomo da Lentini

Giacomo da Lentini, also known as Jacopo da Lentini was a 13th century Italian poet. Giacomo was the inventor of the sonnet.

Will Wood

Will Wood is an American musician from New Jersey.

Wood's style of piano often changes from one song to the next, drawing from folk, pop, jazz, rock and roll, latin music, and klezmer, which is the traditional music of the Ashkenazi Jews of Central and Eastern Europe. When in a studio or performing live with a band, he is usually accompanied by "the Tapeworms", which includes Mike Bottiglieri on guitar, Matt Berger on saxophone, Mario Conte on drums, and Vater Boris on bass. He also performs by himself. His live shows include a mix of music, talking, and comedy.

Wood has released 4 albums since 2015, "Everything is a Lot" (2015), "Self-ish" (2016), "The Normal Album" (2020) and "In Case I Make It" (2022). He has also written music for the podcast, "Camp Here and There".



Oprah Winfrey Network

Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) is an American television channel founded by Oprah Winfrey on January 1, 2011. It replaced the Discovery Health Channel. Much of OWN's programming features reality, talk, as well as scripted dramas and sitcoms targeting African American audiences. As of February 2015, OWN is available to approximately 81.9 million pay television households (70.3% of households with television) in the United States Oprah recorded the network July 2007 - December 2010 Oprah would a no cue the network .

Bichon

Bichon is the name of several usually small dogs. Officially, they include:


Two breeds that are also part of the group (but which aren't recognised by the FCI) are:


Abortion in the United States

In the United States, abortion was federally legal under "Roe v. Wade" (the 1973 court case with which abortion was no longer a criminal act) until 2022. In 2022, the Supreme Court decided "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization", ending federal abortion rights.In several states, there are trigger laws under which made abortion illegal, and these laws came into effect when Roe vs. Wade ended. The decision also impacted abortion rights in Alabama, Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, Oklahoma, Texas, and Mississippi, most of which are Republican. Most anti-abortion movement officials are conservative Republicans in a number of U.S. states. Few, however, are anti-abortion while advocating for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals (examples include the Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians, PLAGAL for short).

The Hyde amendment (enacted in 1976) doesn't allow Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal funds to be used for abortion except if the mother's life is in danger, the mother was raped/sexually assaulted, or became pregnant through incest. This applies to thirty-two out of fifty states. They include Iowa, Pennsylvania, Kansas, Virginia, and Michigan.


Sovereign wealth fund

A sovereign wealth fund, social wealth fund or sovereign wealth account is a government owned investment fund/account that that invests in tangible and financial assets.

Bank run

A bank run occurs when many bank's clients withdraw their deposits over concerns of the financial institution's insolvency.

Wakana Matsumoto (singer)

Newgate Prison

Newgate Prison was a jail in the city of London. It was built in 12th century and remained in use until 1902 and was demolished in 1904. Newgate was most well known for holding pirates and being a debtor's prison.

Debtor's prison

A debtor's prison was an institution for confining people for unpaid debts. Imprisoning people for debt was really common in 18th century western Europe and America.

Booking

In law enforcement and criminology booking refers to the intake process of admitting an arrestee or convict into a prison or police station. In the United States and United Kingdom, this process involves being fingerprinted, photographed (having a mugshot taken), and having one's possessions confiscated. What an arrestee is allowed to keep in their possession varies depending on the exact facility, county, etc, inmates are usually allowed to keep prescription glasses with no tint on the lenses, hearing aids and other approved medical devices, their legal papers and a few other things. In the United States, if an arrestee can't bail out of jail, or they're beginning a prison term, they're issued a prison uniform and other jail issued items and informed of the facility's rules and regulations.

Booking also means making an appointment of some kind.

Democrats for Life of America

Democrats for Life in America (DFLA) is an American 501(c)(4) nonprofit organization. They are an pro-life group. The members of this group are against euthanasia, abortion and capital punishment.

The organization was founded in 1999. 

Members of the DFLA want to link abortion bans after 20 weeks of pregnancy to the increased support of mothers and pregnant women. They want to stop women from getting or looking for an abortion in most circumstances. They say abortion is a lethal and cruel injustice against unborn children.


Ray-Ban

Ray-Ban is a popular brand of eyeglasses and sunglasses created in 1936 as Bausch and Lomb and is famous for inventing the aviator and wayfarer styles of glasses. Ray-Ban started out making sunglasses for pilots in the United States Military, but soon after rolled into the civilian market. Nowadays, Ray-Ban is owned by the Italian conglomerate Luxottica.

In 1929, US Army Air Corps Colonel John A. Macready worked with Bausch & Lomb, a Rochester, New York–based medical equipment creator, to create aviation sunglasses that would reduce the distraction for pilots caused by the intense blue and white colors of the sky.

Oakley, Inc.

Oakley is a brand of popular sports products, especially sunglasses. Oakley's eyewear department specializes in wraparound sunglasses.

Emporio Armani Eyewear

Emporio Armani Eyewear is the eyeglasses branch of the Emporio Armani fashion brand. They are well known for high-end materials and quality.

Polaroid

Polaroid is an optical company that makes and sells camera lenses and polarized sunglasses. The company was founded in 1937.

Glare

Glare is uncomfortably bright light and or the difficulty seeing because of such light.

Glen Bell

Glen William Bell Jr. (September 3, 1923 – January 16, 2010) was an American businessman. He started the Taco Bell chain of restaurants.

He opened three restaurants called Taco Tia in the early 1950s, then sold them. He then opened four restaurants called El Tacos with a business partner. He then sold these to his partner, and opened his first Taco Bell restaurant in Downey, California in 1962.

Bell died of Parkinson's disease in 2010.

Anarcha-feminism

Anarcha-feminism or anarcho-feminism is an anti-authoritarian, anti-capitalist, anti-oppressive worldview that aims to create a "level playing field" for all genders. Anarcha-feminism advocates for women's social freedom and liberty without relying on other groups or parties.

Dakota Apartments

The Dakota Apartments is a Chateauesque style cooperative apartment building in Manhattan, New York City. The name of the building "Dakota" comes from the fact that Manhattan was sparsely populated at the time of the building's construction, just like South Dakota and North Dakota. The 10-storey building has 94 units, no two of which are the same. Dakota Apartments is one of the hardest co-op buildings to buy into and the co-op board has rejected the residency applications of celebrities like Madonna and Billy Joel.

John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono are the most famous residents of the Dakota.

Dubai Mall

The Dubai Mall, located in Dubai UAE, is the second largest shopping mall in the world. Its total retail area is 508,000 square meters. Not only does the Dubai Mall have the standard stores and restaurants customarily found in shopping malls, but it also has an aquarium, indoor zoo, 22 movie theatres, a virtual reality attraction, and even an indoor ski park.

Wild Wadi

Wild Wadi is Dubai's main water park. It has two dozen water slides.

Oakley

Oakley may refer to:




Quality of life

Quality of life or quality of living is the measure of happiness and standard of living including housing, nutrition, health, employment satisfaction, etc.


The Shadows

The Shadows were an English rock band active in the 1950s and 1960s. Their Former members were Hank Marvin Jet Harris Tony Meehan Cliff Richard and others. They were one of the successful rock groups in the 1960s.

Ranch-style house

A ranch house, rancher, ranch bungalow or rambleris a low to the ground, usually single-storey (though split-level houses and raised ranch homes have more than one floor) house with simple architectural detailing. The ranch home form became common in the United States and Canada during the 1950s.

The Searchers (band)

The Searchers were an English merseybeat band active in the 1960s. Their hit “Needles and Pins” was one of their successful song. Chris Curtis on drums, died after a long illness in 2005. Tony Jackson, died of liver cirrhosis in August 2003. John McNally lead singer, was born in 1941.

54 (movie)

54 is a 1998 American drama movie. It was distributed by Miramax Films. The movie was shot several times before release in August 1998. "54" had negative reviews when it was released. The movie's box office was close to $16.8 million, making the movie a moderate success.

The movie is set in summer 1979 and the years after. It is about conservatism, illegal drugs, bisexuality, HIV/AIDS and party scenes in New Jersey and nearby New York City. The Studio 54 club is the main party focus during this movie.

In 1986, Studio 54 closes permanently. This happens when Steve went to prison for drug-related crimes. 

On Rotten Tomatoes, this movie has an approval rating of 15%–based on 67 reviews–and an average rating of 4.10/10. The website says "Robbed of its integral LGBTQ themes, "54" is a compromised and disjointed glance at the glory days of disco". Audiences on CinemaScore gave this movie an average grade of "C" on an A+ to F scale.

The 1998 movie was nominated for two Razzie Awards. Those included Worst Actor for Ryan Phillippe and Worst Supporting Actress for Ellen Albertini Dow. Neve Campbell was nominated for Worst Supporting Actress (also for "Wild Things") at the 1998 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards.

The Peace Kids (mural)

The Peace Kids is a mural in two places: Tel Aviv, Israel and Bethlehem, Palestine, by Israeli artist John Kiss. It was made in Bethlehem with Palestinian artist Moodi Abdallah.



Aliw Broadcasting Corporation

Aliw Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) is a Philippine broadcasting company. Its corporate office and studios are located at the 5th floor of Citystate Centre, 709 Shaw Blvd., Brgy. Oranbo, Pasig. It is one of the broadcast media assets of the ALC Group of Companies, alongside RPN and Nine Media.

It operates a number of stations under the Home Radio & DWIZ brands. Its office and studios are located at the 5th floor of Citystate Centre, 709 Shaw Blvd., Brgy. Oranbo, Pasig. The network's station DWIZ 882 is one of the few AM radio stations authorized to operate a 50,000 watt transmitter in Mega Manila.
It is a subsidiary of Nine Media Corporation. This is also owned by the ALC Group of Companies.

On January 26, 2022, the National Telecommunications Commission assigned Aliw's television frequency on channel 23 which was formerly used by Studio 23 and S+A of ABS-CBN Corporation.


Scinax boesemani

Boesman's snouted tree frog ("Scinax boesemani") is a frog. It lives in Brazil, Guyana, French Guiana, and Venezuela.

The adult male frog is 28 to 31 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32 mm long. The skin on its back is dark brown with lighter brown spots and white spots. This frog can change color: It can be orange in color during the day. There is a dark line from its nose to behind its ear. Its belly is white. Its throat is whitish or yellow. Scientists think it looks like "Scinax ruber" but it does not have the yellow or orange spots on its legs.

Scientists have seen this frog near large streams in places without many trees.

Superman (ice cream flavor)

Superman is an ice cream flavor. It is usually a red, blue, and yellow swirl. It was invented in the Midwestern United States in the early 20th century, mainly Michigan and Wisconsin. You can also buy it at ice cream parlors, such as Baskin Robbin's or Hershey's ice cream sellers in the United States.

It was invented before Superman, the DC Comics superhero character, but is often thought to be named after him, as his costume uses those colors. Makers never license Superman's name, often instead using a different name to avoid legal issues. Many brands use different flavors.

The blue ice cream is often Blue Moon, which has a hard-to-place flavor. It was also invented in the early 20th century, and can also be bought in the United States at ice cream parlors that sell Hershey's ice cream, as well as some grocery stores and gas stations.

Superman is thought to have been invented by Stroh's Ice Cream in Detroit, Michigan during the Prohibition Era.

Geology of Scotland

The bedrock of Scotland is very ancient rock. Archean gneiss, metamorphic beds with granite intrusions were laid down when the Caledonian mountains were built. Coal, oil and iron-bearing carboniferous deposits are there, and so are remains of Palaeogene volcanoes. So the rocks of Scotland north of the Highland Boundary Fault are generally older, and mostly "much" older, than the rocks of England.

This part of Scotland is known as the Highlands and Islands. It includes the Scottish Highlands, plus Orkney, Shetland and Outer Hebrides (the Western Isles). Much of Shetland's economy depends on oil and gas production from fields in the surrounding seas. To this might be added tourism, which has become increasingly important.

The Midland Valley, or Central Lowlands, has the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow. They are in an area known as the central belt, or valley. The economy of Scotland used to depend almost entirely on these two cities, because of their importance in ship building (Glasgow) and general commerce (Edinburgh). Coal mining was also important in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Now ships can be built more cheaply elsewhere (for example, South Korea), and yet much still much depends on these two cities, and on Aberdeen, which acts as a port for the North Sea oil rigs. 

The geology of the Central Valley is quite different from the Highlands and Islands. For one thing, it is in the exact place of an ancient and once large sea, the Iapetus Ocean. 

Sandstone, mudstone and limestone were laid down in the area which is now the Midland Valley. This occurred in shallow tropical seas on the edge of the once-great Iapetus Ocean. The Iapetus Ocean closed 480-430 million years ago, when the volcanic island arc collided with Laurentia. By the end of the Silurian period (c. 420 million years ago), the Iapetus Ocean had completely disappeared. The combined mass of three continents formed the "new" continent of Laurasia.<ref>See for paleogeographic reconstructions of the collisions for example ; 

Social norm

Social norms are the unwritten rules of a social group or culture. Norms provide an idea of how a person is expected to behave. Without some norms, the behavior of others would be unpredictable, and social order would not be possible. At the same time, norms allow for some differences for individual expression. Norms depend upon the social situation. A group of friends may have informal, less strict norms. The same people may have more strict, formal norms when in a social role, such as students at school or workers on the job.

Florida Man violated social norms.

Norms may be taught, or learned by observing and imitating others. Norms include value judgements, defining what actions are good or bad. Some violations of norms are more serious than others. Serious violations may be against the law.

Abdelhamid Ben Badis

Abd al-Hamīd ibn Mustafa ibn Makki ibn Badis (), better known as فضيلة الشيخ بن باديس ( (December 4, 1889 – April 16, 1940) was an Algerian teacher, Islamic reformer and scholar. He was an important person in matters of cultural nationalism. In 1931, Ben Badis founded the Association of Algerian Muslim Ulema. It was a national group of many Islamic scholars in Algeria. The members of the group had many different ways of thinking about things. They did not always agree on many things. The group had a great influence on Algerian Muslim politics up to the Algerian War of Independence. At this time, the group created many institutions to teach Algerian children of Muslim parents. Each month, it also published a journal, the Al-Chihab. Souheil Ben Badis provided information to it between 1925 and his death in 1940. The journal told its readers about the groups ideas and thoughts on religious reform. It dealt with religious and political issues.

Tasnia Farin

Tasnia Farin (; born 30 January 1998) is a Bangladeshi actress and model. She gained popularity by acting in the web series "Ladies & Gentlemen". She played the central role in that web series. It was directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki. The web series was released on 9 July 2021 by ZEE5. She is also known for her performance in the drama "Ex Boyfriend". She has also been seen in several dramas and music videos.

Dan Donohue

Dan Donohue (born August 27, 1966) is an American actor and voice actor from Spokane, Washington who best known for various video games and screen appearance as the antagonist or supporting character. His best known role is the voice of Nazi villain Untersturmführer Hermann Freisinger in . Before appearing on screen, Donohue played the trumpet and was the Drum Major in High School Band and later became an actor playing "Scar" in Disney's The Lion King on Broadway and the national tour.

He was an acting company member at for 11 seasons since 1994. He is known for (2019), and (2012).

John van der Starre

John van der Starre (born circa 1949) is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Rotterdam. He represented the Netherlands at international competitions. He won a gold medal and a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics.

He won the gold medal in the 3x 50 m Medley Relay open event together with Cees Broekman, and Piet Makkes. Van der Starre swam in the relay the 50 m backstroke. He won the bronze medal in the 50 m Freestyle special class event.

All medalists of the 1968 Paralympics were honored by minister Klompé in The Hague.

Corrective lens

A corrective lens is a piece of glass, hard plastic or some other hard and transparent material ground to correct blurry vision.

A59

The A59 is a highway in the Netherlands. The project of the highway started in 1970 and was completed on the 9th of February of 1978.

The highway is located in the south of the Netherlands in the province of Noord-Brabant. The highway goes from from 's-Hertogenbosch to Terheijden.

Paul Givan

Paul Jonathan Givan (born 12 October 1981) is a Unionist politician from Northern Ireland representing the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). Givan was First Minister of Northern Ireland from June 2021 to February 2022.

Peng Liyuan

Peng Liyuan (; born 20 November 1962) is a Chinese soprano and contemporary folk singer. She is the wife of Xi Jinping, the current general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and president of the People's Republic of China.

Liyuan is well known for her fashion influence by being made by her personal designer Ma Ke. In 2014, Peng was listed as the 57th Most Powerful Woman in the World by "Forbes".

Amadou Soumahoro

Amadou Soumahoro (31 October 1953 – 7 May 2022) was an Ivorian politician. He was in the National Assembly constituency of Séguéla from 2011 until his death and was President of the National Assembly from 7 March 2019 until his death. He also the President of the "Assemblée parlementaire de la Francophonie" from 9 July 2019 until his death. Soumahoro was born in Séguéla, Ivory Coast.

Soumahoro died on 7 May 2022 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast at the age of 68.

National Assembly (Ivory Coast)

The National Assembly is lower house of the Parliament of Ivory Coast since November 2016. From 1960 to 2016, the National Assembly was Ivory Coast's unicameral legislative body. The first National Assembly was met on 27 November 1960 with 70 elected members ("députés").

Legislative power in Ivory Coast is exercised by Deputies elected from Constituencies ("Circonscriptions") by a "Scrutin de Liste" or Plurality-at-large voting which has neither a proportional representation or "panachage" element common in many such systems.

The Assembly is then reformed by election from candidates who must be Ivorian citizens of 25 years or older who have never renounced their Ivorian nationality.

Parliament of Ivory Coast

The Parliament of Ivory Coast is the legislature of Ivory Coast. From 1960 to 2016, it was a unicameral body. It became a bicameral body after a new constitution was approved by referendum on October 30, 2016. The new parliament is made up of two chambers:


Senate (Ivory Coast)

The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of Ivory Coast. The Senate was created after a new constitution was approved by a referendum in 2016. They will be met at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Foundation for Peace Research in Yamoussoukro.

André Arthur

André Arthur (December 21, 1943 – May 8, 2022) was a Canadian radio host and politician. He was the independent Member of Parliament for the riding of Portneuf—Jacques-Cartier from 2006 to 2011.

Arthur died on May 8, 2022 at the age of 78.

John R. Cherry III

John R. Cherry III (October 11, 1948 – May 8, 2022) was an American movie director and screenwriter. He was known for creating the character of Ernest P. Worrell, played by Jim Varney. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. 

Cherry died from Parkinson's disease on May 8, 2022, aged 73.

Maria Gusakova

Maria Ivanovna Gusakova (; 2 February 1931 – 8 May 2022) was a Soviet cross-country skier. He competed from the late 1950s to the early 1960s for VSS Spartak/ She won a gold and silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. She was born in Timoshkino, Soviet Union.

Gusakova died on 8 May 2022 at the age of 91.

Bengt Johansson

Bengt Johansson (25 June 1942 – 8 May 2022) was a Swedish handball player and coach. He was born in Halmstad, Sweden. He played in the Sweden men's national handball team between 1964 and 1972. He was better known as being the coach for the Swedish team from 1988 to 2004.

Johansson died on 8 May 2022 from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 79.

Kim Chi-ha

Kim Jiha (; 4 February 1941 – 8 May 2022) was a South Korean pro-democracy activist, poet and playwright. He won the Lotus Prize for Literature in 1975.

Dennis Waterman

Dennis Waterman (24 February 1948 – 8 May 2022) was an English actor and singer. He was best known for his television roles in "The Sweeney", "Minder" and "New Tricks". He also appeared in "Up the Junction", "Scars of Dracula", "Colditz", "Fair Exchange", "Windy City" and "".

Waterman died in hospital in Madrid, Spain on 8 May 2022 at the age of 74.

Linda Lê

Linda Lê (1963 – 9 May 2022) was a Vietnamese-born French writer. She won the Fénéon Prize, the Prix Wepler, the Prix Renaudot du livre de poche, and the Prince Pierre de Monaco literary prize. Lê was born in Da Lat, Vietnam. She moved to France in 1977. She published her debut novel when she was 23.

Lê died on 9 May 2022, at the age of 58.

Jody Lukoki

Jody Lukoki (15 November 1992 – 9 May 2022) was a Congolese-Dutch professional footballer. He played as a winger. He played for FC Twente from 2021 until his death. He played for the DR Congo national football team from 2015 until 2020, making five appearances. Lukoki was born in Kindu, DR Congo.

Lukoki died while in a coma on 9 May 2022 at a hospital in Almere, Netherlands from cardiac arrest after being beaten by family members at the age of 29.

Ajax

Ludogorets Razgrad

Adreian Payne

Adreian DeAngleo Payne (February 19, 1991 – May 9, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played for Michigan State University from 2010 until 2014. Payne played for the Atlanta Hawks from 2014 until 2015. He played for the Minnesota Timberwolves from 2015 until 2017. Payne also played for the Orlando Magic from 2017 until 2018. He was born in Dayton, Ohio.

Payne was shot and killed on May 9, 2022 in Orlando, Florida at the age of 31.

Qin Yi

Qin Yi (; 31 January 1922 – 9 May 2022) was a Chinese actress. She was born in Shanghai, China. Her career began in 1938 and she retired in 2019. She was known for her roles in "Far Away Love" (1947), "Woman Basketball Player No. 5" (1957) and "Troubled Laughter" (1979).

Qin turned 100 in January 2022 and died four months later on 9 May 2022 in Shanghai.

Mieczysław Pietrewicz

Mieczysław Pietrewicz (1941 – 6 May 2022) was a Polish economist and politician. He was the Minister of State Treasury and Deputy Prime Minister from 1996 until 1997. He was a member of the Sejm from 1997 until 2001. Pietrewicz was a member of Monetary Policy Council from 2004 until 2010.

Pietrewicz died on 6 May 2022 at the age of 81. 

George Horvath

George Horvath (14 March 1960 - 3 May 2022) was a Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the team event. Horvath was born in Danderyd, Sweden.

Horvath died on 3 May 2022. He was 62 years old.

John Lee (government official)

John Lee Ka-chiu (; born 7 December 1957) is a Hong Kong politician. He used to be a police officer. He became the Chief Executive of Hong Kong in 2022 

Lee was Chief Secretary for Administration between 2021 and 2022, Secretary for Security between 2017 and 2021, Under Secretary for Security between 2012 and 2017, Deputy Commissioner of Police between 2010 and 2012. 

Lee ran in the election to become Hong Kong's next Chief Executive in May 2022. He was the only candidate. He took office on 1 July 2022.

William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke

William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke (1190 - 6 April 1231) was the son of William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke.

Dark (TV series)

Dark is a German streaming series with three season for Netflix.

Champ de Mars

Champ de Mars is a large public park in Paris, France. It is between the Eiffel tower to the northeast, and the Ecole Militaire to the south east. The name translates as "Mars Field." It is named after Mars, the Roman god of war, and for the Campus Martius in Rome. The park was used as an exercising ground for the nearby military school. It is a rectangle about by . Its area is about . 

Jason Marnocha

Jason Marnocha (born March 9, 1989) is an American voice actor from Indiana. He affiliated with , FUNimation Entertainment, Sound Cadence Studios and VSI Los Angeles. He is known for (2016), (2019) and JoJo's Bizarre Adventure (2012). Jason is known for his very versatile, but normally deep growly voice where he portrays monsters, villains, and other minor characters in video games or anime series.

2018–19 FC Augsburg season

The 2018–19 FC Augsburg season was the 112th season in the football club's history. The season lasted from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

2019–20 FC Augsburg season

The 2019–20 season was FC Augsburg's 121st season in existence. The season lasted from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.

The Bundesliga schedule was announced on 28 June 2019.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

Foothills

A foothill is a lower hill or region at the base of a mountain range.

Timeshare

Timeshare is a vacation home ownership structure whereby one buys a time slot that entitles them to occupy the unit for a given period of time each year.

Holiday cottage

A vacation home or holiday home is a secondary dwelling that some people stay in in lieu of a hotel. Many upper middle class and upper class people own vacation homes and sometimes rent them out when not using them. There's a variety of vacation home options including




And more.

Vacation homes can come in the form of cottages, cabins, recreational vehicles, houseboats, tents,apartments\condominiums, beach houses, etc.

Condo hotel

A hotel condominium, condo hotel or condo-tel is a hotel, especially a resort hotel, where people can purchase suites. Almost all condo-tels have on-site rental programs. Hotel condominiums are usually located in highly touristy areas like on popular beaches.

Impact! (TV series)

Impact! Wrestling (styzeled as IMPACT!) or IMPACT! on AXS TV previously known as TNA Impact! is an American professional wrestling television program produced by the American promotional Impact Wrestling, that debuted on June 4, 2004.


Upper middle class

The upper middle class is the socioeconomic rank above most of the middle class and below the upper class. According to sociologist Max Weber, people in the upper middle class usually have a good education (tertiary education, usually a university degree) and they earn enough money so they can live comfortably, without having to worry about money too much. For them, it is also important that their children get a similar good education. 

Country club

A country club is an exclusive privately owned club that includes recreational facilities. Country clubs typically centre around golf and the overwhelming majority of them have golf courses.

Freelancer

A freelancer is someone who works for a multitude of employers or clients instead of being in a convention employee/boss relationship.

As the freelance economy grows in popularity, so does the demand for certain skills. With an ever-changing landscape of new technology and trends, freelancers must stay up to date on their skills in order to remain competitive. Whether you’re a beginner or a seasoned veteran, having the right skills can make all the difference when it comes to landing freelance gigs. In this blog post, we’ll explore some of the top freelance skills that are in demand and how you can acquire them. Get ready to take your career as a freelancer to the next level!

https://www.dailyexpresses.com/2023/01/Top-skills-in-demand-for-freelancers.html 

Insignificance (Jim O'Rourke album)

Insignificance is the debut studio album by Jim O'Rourke. The album was released on November 19, 2001.

2022 Sri Lankan protests

2022 Sri Lankan protests were a series of protests by many non-partisan protesters, mainly the general public and opposition political parties against the government of president Gotabaya Rajapaksa. They believe Rajapaksa is not doing a good job at fixing Sri Lanka's economy which has caused an economic crisis with severe inflation, daily blackouts up to 10–13 hours, a shortage of fuel and many essential items. Many of the protesters want the government run by the Rajapaksa family to resign, and creating new set of qualified democratic rulers. 

The protesters commonly chanted slogans such as "Go home Gota", <nowiki>"Go Home Rajapaksas"</nowiki> and "Gota pissek" (Gota is a lunatic). 

The protests have been mainly staged by the general public including teachers, students, doctors, nurses, IT professionals, farmers, lawyers, social activists, sportspersons, engineers, and a few police officers. 

On 9 July 2022, President Gotabaya Rajapaksa and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe announced their resignations after protestors storm their homes in Colombo. However, Rajapaksa promised to resign on 13 July, but instead left the country to the Maldives and later Singapore and stayed as president. He would officially resign as president on 14 July. On 20 July 2022, Wickremesinghe was elected president.

Dr. Demento

Barret Eugene "Barry" Hansen (born April 2, 1941), known professionally as Dr. Demento, is an American radio broadcaster and comedic singer. He is known for his parody songs and for being the inspiration of "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Janosch

Janosch (, born Horst Eckert; 11 March 1931) is a German children's author and illustrator. He was born in Hindenburg, Weimar Republic. His best known work is "Janoschs Traumstunde".


Denys Dubrov

Denys Vitaliovich Dubrov (, 10 January 1989 – 9 May 2022) was a Ukrainian swimmer. At the 2016 Rio Paralympics, he won three gold, three silver and two bronze medals, setting world records in the Men's SM10 200 m individual medley and S10 100m butterfly events. 

Davyd Zhvania

Davyd Vazhaevich Zhvania (; ; 20 July 1967 – 9 May 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 2002 until 2014. He was also the Emergency Minister of Ukraine for a short time in 2005. He was born in Tbilisi, then-Georgia SSR.

Zhvania was shot and killed on 9 May 2022 during the Russian invasion in the Zaporizhzhia Oblast, Ukraine at the age of 54.

Shivkumar Sharma

