Pandit Shivkumar Sharma (13 January 1938 – 10 May 2022) was an Indian composer and santoor player. He was born in Jammu, Jammu and Kashmir, British Raj. His career began in 1955. Some of the movies he composed music for were musical hits, such as "Faasle" (1985), "Chandni" (1989), "Lamhe" (1991), and "Darr" (1993).

Sharma died from cardiac arrest in Jammu on 10 May 2022, aged 84.

Hariprasad Chaurasia

Hariprasad Chaurasia (born 1 July 1938) is an Indian music director and classical flautist. He plays the flute, in the Hindustani classical tradition. Chaurasia was born in Allahabad, United Provinces, British India. He was known for being part of the duo Shiv–Hari with Shivkumar Sharma. His career began in 1957. Some of the best known music he composed for movies were "Faasle" (1985), "Chandni" (1989), "Lamhe" (1991), and "Darr" (1993). 

Devlet Bahçeli

Devlet Bahçeli (born 1 January 1948) is a Turkish politician and economist. He was the deputy prime minister from 1999 until 2002. In 1997, he was elected chairman of the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).

Robert Brom

Robert Henry Brom (September 18, 1938 – May 9, 2022) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of the Diocese of Duluth from 1983 to 1989. He later was bishop of the Diocese of San Diego in Southern California from 1990 to 2013. Brom was born in Arcadia, Wisconsin.

Brom died on May 9, 2022 in San Diego, California at the age of 83.

Scinax eurydice

The Maracas snouted tree frog ("Scinax eurydice") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Clausthal-Zellerfeld

Clausthal-Zellerfeld is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its population is around 15,000. The towns of Clausthal and Zellerfeld joined to form Clausthal-Zellerfeld.

Mining was done in the city from the 16th century. It stopped in 1930, as there was nothing left to mine.

Graham Thorpe

Graham Paul Thorpe (born 1 August 1969) is a former English cricketer. He played for England internationally and Surrey domestically. He was a left-handed middle-order batter and slip fielder. He appeared in 100 Test matches for England between 1993 and 2005.

Thorpe was born in Farnham, Surrey. He is married to Amanda.

In May 2022, Thorpe was in hospital with a serious illness.

Guia Fortress

The Guia Fortress (; ) is a 17th-century colonial fort, chapel, and lighthouse in São Lázaro, Macau. The lighthouse is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Historic Centre of Macau.

São Lázaro

São Lázaro is a civil parish () of Macau, it is located in the central part of the Macau Peninsula. 

São Lourenço, Macau

São Lourenço is a civil parish () of Macau. It is located in the southwestern of Macau Peninsula.

Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau

Nossa Senhora de Fátima is a civil parish in the northern part of the Macau Peninsula of Macau. It has an area of . 

Peter Sohn

Peter Sohn (Born 1/23/1977) is an American animator, director, voice actor, and storyboard artist. Sohn has acted for many Disney/Pixar movies, including Lightyear, Luca, The Good Dinosaur, Toy Story of Terror, Monsters University, WALL·E,Ratatouille, and The Incredibles. He also was the director of The Good Dinosaur.

As well as acting and directing, Peter Sohn was in the art department for Toy Story 3 as a production artist and as a storyboard artist, Up, WALL·E, Ratatouille, The Incredibles, and Osmosis Jones as a storyboard artist, and Finding Nemo as a production artist.

St. Dominic's Church, Macau

Saint Dominic's Church (; ) is a late 16th-century Baroque-style church in Macau.

Janny Minholts

Janny Minholts also written as Janneke Minholtz (born 22 November 1949) is a Dutch former Paralympic swimmer from Oosterhoogebrug. She was a member of Gehandicapten Sportclub Groningen (GSC), Zwemclub Groningen (ZCG) and represented the Netherlands at international competitions. She won two gold medals and a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics.

She prepared three years intensively on the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She trained almost every early morning at “Helperbad” in Groningen. She was trained and coached by Jan van der Tuin and trained together with Olympians Klenie Bimolt and Coby Sikkens. The swimming events at the 1968 Summer Paralympics took all place on the same day. She won the gold medal in the 50 m Backstroke special class event, breaking her own world record, ahead of Ingrid van der Benden. She won another gold medal in the 3x 50 m Medley Relay special class event together with Wil Verschoor and Ingrid van der Benden. Minholts swam the 50 m backstroke. The third event where she competed in was the 50 m Breaststroke special class. She wasn’t in general not as good in the breaststroke as in the backstroke and won the bronze medal.

In the weeks after she returned from the Paralympics, she was honored multiple times. Including the village hall on Saturday 16 November. A festive event where people could congratulate her. She was addressed by the alderman and mayor. On 22 November she was honored by minister Klompé in The Hague.

After the Paralympics, she retired from competitive swimming. As she was in her 5th and last year at the Thorbecke Lyceum in Groningen, she focussed after the Paralympics on her final examination. After graduation she planned to study at the Academie voor Sociale en Culturele Arbeid to become a social worker.

Quirien Jonker

Quirien Klaversteijn-Jonker is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Soest. She won two silver medals at the 1972 Summer Paralympics. At the 1971 Stoke Mandeville Games she won a gold medal in a new world record, and also won a silver medal.

Having polio Jonker competed in swimming competitions in disability class 3. She was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 1971 Stoke Mandeville Games, the World Games in Great Britain, in July 1971. She became champion in the 25 m backstroke event in a new world record with a time of 33.8 seconds. She won furthermore a silver medal in the 25 m breaststroke event. At the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg she won two silver medals. She finished second in the 25 m backstroke behind Henny Hilberink. Together with Netty van der Krieke and Sonja Graveland she won also the silver medal in the 3x 50 metres relay event.

Jonker had polio. The mother of Jonker was Else Jonker-Driessen. She had four brothers and sisters. Jonker lived in Soest where she worked as a teacher at the Margrietschool. Jonker married Jan J. Klaversteijn in Soest on 21 December 1972. They moved to Bunnik. They have two sons: Jan and Erik. In the 1990s Jonker was secretary of the VSN, Post-polio Support Group in Bunnik.

Laser Kiwi flag

The Laser Kiwi flag is a joke flag from the 2015 New Zealand flag contest. After the contest, they stayed using the British Colonial flag.

Set It Off (band)

Set It Off is an American punk/rock band formed in 2008 in Tampa, Florida. They gained popularity on lead vocalist Cody Carson’s YouTube channel. 3 of the band albums made it to the Billboard 200 chart. The band members are Cody Carson (vocals, guitar), Zach Dewall (guitar, vocals), Austin Kerr (bass, vocals), Maxx Danziger (drums) and Dan Clermont (synth, vocals). In 2015, Austin Kerr was removed from the band after sexual assault allegations he addressed. 

Cephalaspid

The Cephalaspidida are an extinct group of fish from the Devonian period which was 419.2 to 358.9 million years ago (mya). Cephalaspids had no jaws. Also these fish have plates on their heads to protect them.

Eoin MacNeill

Eoin MacNeil (15 May 1867 – 15 October 1945) was an Irish scholar, Irish language enthusiast, nationalist and politician who served as Minister for Education from 1922 to 1925, Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 1921 to 1922, Minister for Industries 1919 to 1921 and Minister for Finance January 1919 to April 1919. He served as a Teachta Dála from 1918 to 1927. He was a Member of Parliament for Londonderry City from 1918 to 1922 and a Member of the Northern Ireland Parliament for Londonderry from 1921 to 1925

Laurence Ginnell

Lauren Ginnel was an Irish politician.

Matthew Wood

Matthew Russell Wood (born 8/15/1972) is an American voice actor.
He is known for playing General Griveous in and . He has also played Bib Fortuna in The Book of Boba Fett, , The Mandalorian, and , as well as many other roles related to the Star Wars series. Wood also had smaller roles in Robot Chicken, What’s New, Scooby-Doo?, Knives Out, Next Gen, Olaf’s Frozen Adventure, The Emoji Movie, , and Star Trek Into Darkness.

Robert Gillmor

Robert Gillmor MBE (6 July 1936 – 8 May 2022) was a British ornithologist, artist, illustrator, author and editor. He was a founder member of the Society of Wildlife Artists (SWLA). He was the society's chairman and president. He worked on over 100 books, and in 2001 was honored with the RSPB Medal.

Nadungamuwa Raja

Nadungamuwa Vijaya Raja (, ), also known as simply Nadungamuwa Raja ( – 7 March 2022), was an Indian elephant. For more than a decade, he was the main casket bearer of the procession of Esala. Nadungamuwa Raja was the largest tame elephant in Asia. When Raja died, Sri Lankan President Gotabaya Rajapaksa said that Raja a national treasure.

Nadungamuwa Raja died in the early morning of 7 March 2022 at the age of 68/69 from a heart attack. The President of Sri Lanka Gotabaya Rajapaksa ordered that Raja's body be preserved as a stuffed body.

John H. Coates

John Henry Coates (26 January 1945 – 9 May 2022) was an Australian mathematician. He was a professor at the University of Cambridge from 1986 to 2012. He was born in New South Wales, Australia.

Coates died on 9 May 2022 in Cambridge, England at the age of 77.

Gerald Hannon

Gerald Hannon (July 10, 1944 – May 9, 2022) was a Canadian journalist.

Hannon was known for talking about pedophilia in his article "Men Loving Boys Loving Men" (1977). Hannon was accused and later found innocent on obscenity charges laid because of what he wrote in the article.

In 1995, he was controversially hired by Ryerson University as a journalism instructor while he was working as a male prostitute at the same time.

Hannon died on May 9, 2022 by assisted suicide, four years after being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in Toronto, Ontario at the age of 77.

Tim Johnson (Illinois politician)

Timothy Vincent Johnson (July 23, 1946 – May 9, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the U.S. representative for from 2001 to 2013. He was a member of the Republican Party. He did not run for re-election in 2012. He was also a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1977 until 2001. He was born in Champaign, Illinois.

Johnson died on May 9, 2022 in Urbana, Illinois at the age of 75.

Rodney Davis (politician)

Rodney Lee Davis (born January 5, 1970) is an American Republican politician. He was the U.S. representative for Illinois's 13th congressional district from 2013 to 2023. In 2022, he lost re-nomination to U.S. Representative Mary Miller.

Santa Claus (politician)

Santa Claus (born Thomas Patrick O'Connor; May 1947) is an American politician, monk, and child welfare activist. He was a member of the North Pole, Alaska City Council from 2015 to 2022. Claus was re-elected to the council in 2019, with 100 votes. He was also the mayor pro tem. He was a candidate for the United States House of Representatives in the 2022 special election. 

Claus is a Christian monk of the Celtic Anglican order Anam Cara.

He changed his name to match the legendary character in 2005, to help bring awareness for his activism about children's health and welfare.

Claus has a stepson, but is not currently married. He has confirmed that he has had multiple cancers, but has not shared any specific diagnoses.

Claus is a supporter of democratic socialism, including support for medicare-for-all, coronavirus relief, a wealth tax, and student loan cancellation.

Claus supported Joe Biden's presidential campaign in the 2020 election after Bernie Sanders dropped out of the Democratic primary.

Claus is a supporter of medical marijuana. He says that his views are similar to those of Bernie Sanders, sharing the same views as Sanders on racial justice, corporate taxes, and election freedoms.

In April 2022, Claus announced his candidacy for the United States House of Representatives in the 2022 special election. He wanted to finish the rest of Congressman Don Young's term, but after having a lot of support, he said he would run for a full two year term in November 2022. Claus was among 48 candidates running in the non-partisan June primary, including former Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin. However, he lost in the June primary and did not advance to the run-off primary.

Morbius (movie)

Morbius is a 2022 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Morbius. The movie is produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Marvel and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the third movie in Sony's Spider-Man Universe. It was directed by Daniel Epsinosa. It was released in the United States on April 1, 2022. It received negative reviews from critics and did not do well at the box office.


Walden Bello

Walden Flores Bello (born November 11, 1945) is a Filipino academic, environmentalist, and social activist. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2007 until 2015. He is an adjunct professor at Binghamton University. 

On October 20, 2021, Bello announced his candidacy for vice president in the 2022 Philippine elections as the running mate of presidential candidate and labor leader Leody de Guzman. Bello is a democratic socialist.


Żary

Żary ( , , ) is a town in western Poland. Its population is 37,500.

Charles Rufus Skinner

Charles Rufus Skinner (August 4, 1844 – June 30, 1928) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Mexico, New York. He started as an editor of the Watertown Daily Times from 1870 to 1874. He was a member of the Board of Education of Watertown, New York from 1875 to 1884. Skinner died in Pelham Manor, New York on June 30, 1928 and was buried in Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.

Tom Osborne

Thomas William Osborne (born February 23, 1937) is a former American football player, coach, college athletics administrator, and politician. He was head football coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers from 1973 to 1997. He was honored into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1999. Osborne was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska's third district as a Republican from 2001 until 2007.

Osborne played college football as a quarterback and wide receiver at Hastings College. He played for the NFL for a short time with the San Francisco 49ers and Washington Redskins from 1959 until 1961.

Kelly Ward

Kelly Ward (born November 17, 1956) is an American actor and voice director for television animation. As an actor, he is best known for his role as T-Bird Putzie in the 1978 movie "Grease", and as a voice director, he is best known for his work on the Cartoon Network animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

Silas Carson

Silas Carson (born 8 January 1965) is an English actor, mostly known for portraying several characters in the "Star Wars" franchise, including Nute Gunray, Ki-Adi-Mundi, Lott Dod and Antidar Williams.

He has also been the voice of Ood in "Doctor Who". 

Carson also played roles in many indie films and television shows.

Hotel Saratoga explosion

On May 6, 2022, Hotel Saratoga, a five-story luxury hotel in Havana, Cuba had a suspected gas leak explosion that damaged large parts of the building. At least forty-two people died, while another ninety-four were injured. At the time of the explosion, the hotel was undergoing renovations and there were no guests, however there were fifty-one workers inside the hotel.

Bill Koch (businessman)

William Ingraham Koch (; born May 3, 1940) is an American billionaire businessman, sailor, and collector. His boat was the winner of the America's Cup in 1992. Koch's net worth was at $1.8 billion in 2019.

David Koch (1940−2019) was his twin brother. His other brothers are Frederick R. Koch (1933−2020) and Charles Koch (born 1935).

Glenn Dubin

Glenn Russell Dubin (born April 13, 1957) is an American hedge fund manager. He is also the co-founder of Highbridge Capital Management and a founding board member of the Robin Hood Foundation.

List of presidents of Ukraine

This is a list of people who have served as the President of Ukraine. 

May Calamawy

May El Calamawy (, ; born October 28, 1986) is an Egyptian-Palestinian actress. She has worked and lived in the United States since 2015. She is known for her roles in the American television series "Ramy" as Dena Hassan and "Moon Knight" as Layla El-Faouly.

Seoul Subway Line 3

Seoul Metropolitan Subway Line 3 of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway is a rapid transit train. It connects Eunpyeong District to Gangnam and southeastern Seoul. Most trains on this line go further northwest to Goyang along the Ilsan Line. In 2019, 330 million or about 900,000 passengers per day rode the train along the Seoul Metro section.

In December 2010 the line had the second highest WiFi data use in the Seoul Metropolitan area. It averaged 1.8 times more data use than the other 14 subway lines that have WiFi service.

Construction began in 1980. The first section of Line 3 opened (Gupabal–Yangjae; Jichuk opened in 1990) after work was finished in two stages during 1985. In October 1993, a second extension to the south was opened (Yangjae–Suseo).

In March 1996, the Korail Ilsan Line opened. This lets Line 3 trains go all the way to the city of Goyang. There are 2 depots near Jichuk station and Suseo station for both Korail and Seoul Metro.

A 3 km extension opened on February 18, 2010. It goes from Suseo to Garak Market (Line 8) and Ogeum (Line 5).

On December 27, 2014, Wonheung station opened between Wondang and Samsong stations.




Ogeum station

Ogeum station is a railway station on Line 3 and Line 5 of the Seoul Subway. Seoul Metro operates both Line 3 and 5 platforms. It is the southern end of Line 3. It takes about 95 minutes to travel between Ogeum Station and Daehwa Station, the northern end of the line.

Some scenes for the movie "The Bourne Legacy" were filmed at the station.

Jichuk station

Jichuk Station is northwest of Seoul on Seoul Subway Line 3. It is within walking distance to Eunpyeong-gu, Seoul. Jichuk station has a subway depot for Line 3 trains nearby.

Jichuk Station is named after the administrative area (dong) where it is. The area used to be two villages in the Joseon period. Jijeong-ri produced paper. Chuk-ri was famous for its bush clover. When the area became united under Goyang-gun, it was named using the first syllables of the two villages.

The Visitor (Jim O'Rourke album)

The Visitor is the second studio album by Jim O'Rourke. The album was released on September 8, 2009.

Patricia A. McKillip

Patricia Anne McKillip (February 29, 1948 – May 6, 2022) was an American fantasy novelist. 

McKillip holds the record for the most Mythopoeic Fantasy Awards (four) and nominations (fifteen). She also won World Fantasy Awards for Best Novel, as well as for Life Achievement.

McKillip's first works were two short children's books, "The Throme of the Erril of Sherill" and "The House on Parchment Street". Her first novel, "The Forgotten Beasts of Eld", was published in 1974 and won the World Fantasy Award in 1975.

McKillip died on May 6, 2022, at the age of 74.

Maya Hawke

Maya Ray Thurman Hawke (born July 8, 1998) is an American actress and model. She is the daughter of actress Uma Thurman and actor Ethan Hawke. She played Jo March in the 2017 BBC version of "Little Women". She played Robin Buckley in the third season of the Netflix series "Stranger Things" (2019).

Nena von Schlebrügge

Baroness Birgitte Caroline "Nena" von Schlebrügge (born January 8, 1941) is a Mexican-born Swedish-American model. She was active from the 1950s and 1960s. She started her high-fashion modelling career in London in 1957. She worked at "Vogue" and "Harper's Bazaar". Her daughter is actress Uma Thurman.

She modeled for ‘Famntaget’ (‘The Embrace’) in Sweden.

Robert Thurman

Robert Alexander "Bob" Farrar Thurman (born August 3, 1941) is an American Buddhist writer and academic. He has written, edited, and translated many books on Tibetan Buddhism. He was a Professor of Indo-Tibetan Buddhist Studies at Columbia University, before retiring in June 2019. He also is the co-founder and president of the Tibet House US New York. He is the father of actress Uma Thurman.

Buck Martinez

John Albert "Buck" Martinez (born November 7, 1948) is an American former professional baseball catcher and manager. He is the television play-by-play announcer for the Toronto Blue Jays. He played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Kansas City Royals, the Milwaukee Brewers, and the Toronto Blue Jays. Martinez managed the Toronto Blue Jays from 2001 to May 2002. He was born in Redding, California.

In April 2022, Martinez was diagnosed with cancer.

Jim Pillen

Jim Pillen (born December 31, 1955) is an American Republican politician, veterinarian, and businessman who is the 41st and current Governor of Nebraska since 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Pillen was born in Columbus, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and Kansas State University.

From 1975 to 1978, he was a defensive back for the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.

Before entering politics, Pillen was a farmer and is a practicing veterinarian. He also works as chair of Pillen Family Farms.

Joseph P. Kelly (attorney)

Joseph Patrick Kelly (born March 17, 1956) is an American attorney and politician who is the 42nd and current Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska since 2023. He was the United States attorney for the District of Nebraska from 2018 to 2021.

In April 2022, Nebraska gubernatorial candidate Jim Pillen announced Kelly as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska.

Kelly was born in Lexington, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska.

Sonia Chang-Díaz

Sonia Rosa Chang-Díaz (born March 31, 1978) is an American politician. She is in the Massachusetts Senate from the 2nd Suffolk district since 2009. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

She was the first Hispanic woman elected to the state senate. She ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Massachusetts in the 2022 election.

Chang-Díaz was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She studied at the University of Virginia.

Tibet House US

Tibet House US (THUS) is a Tibetan cultural preservation and education nonprofit. It was founded in 1987 in New York City by a group of Westerners after the Fourteenth Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, wanted to create a cultural institution to build awareness of Tibetan culture.

Willy Ley

Willy Otto Oskar Ley (October 2, 1906 – June 24, 1969) was a German-American science writer and rocket scientist. He was a known supporter of cryptozoology. The crater Ley on the far side of the Moon is named in his honor.

The Straight Road

The Straight Road is a 1914 American silent drama movie directed by Allan Dwan and starring Gladys Hanson, William Russell, Iva Shepard, Lorraine Huling, Arthur Hoops. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Essential tremor

Essential tremor (ET), also called benign tremor, familial tremor, and idiopathic tremor, is a disorder of the nervous system that causes the patient to experience involuntary movements, producing involuntary and rhythmic jerks. It often affects the hands, although it can sometimes affect the voice or the head. Although it is the most common type of tremor, its causes have not yet been identified. It is not usually a dangerous condition, but essential tremor can progress over time, worsening the patient's condition.

Essential tremor is a progressive neurological disorder, and the most common movement disorder. Its onset is usually after age 40, but it can occur at any age. The cause is unknown. Diagnosis is by observing the typical pattern of the tremor coupled with the exclusion of known causes of such a tremor.

During maturation, a process occurs that involves progressive neurodegeneration and/or the death of neurons. This process, which can be normal and natural during normal aging, involves the fundamental cells of the nervous tissue and its internal components, which are the ones that prevent effectiveness in conducting information in the human brain, with the appearance of tremors, such as in Parkinson's disease. Essential tremor is the result of abnormal communication between certain areas of the brain, including the cerebellum, thalamus, and brainstem.
This ailment affects men and women, being more frequent in people over 65 years of age. Although the exact cause of essential tremor is unknown, some work indicates that the part of the brain that controls muscle movements does not work correctly in patients with essential tremor. Half of the cases of essential tremor are the consequence of a genetic mutation, although the specific gene has not been identified. This type is called familial tremor. It is unknown what causes essential tremor in people who do not have a genetic mutation.
The diagnosis is usually made on clinical grounds. Tremors can begin at any age, from birth to old age (senile tremor). Any voluntary muscle in the body can be affected, although tremor is most commonly seen in the hands and arms and slightly less on the neck (which makes the person's head move), tongue, and legs. A resting tremor of the hands is sometimes present. Tremor occurring in the legs may be diagnosed as orthostatic tremor.

ET occurs within multiple neurological disorders in addition to Parkinson's disease. This includes migraine disorders, where co-occurrences between ET and migraines have been examined.
Essential tremor is usually treated with medication.

Mrs. Black Is Back

Mrs. Black Is Back is a 1914 American comedy-drama movie directed by Thomas N. Heffron and starring May Irwin, Charles Willis Lane, Clara Blandick, Wellington A. Playter, Elmer Booth, Marie Pavis, Cyril Chadwick. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

A Romantic Adventuress

A Romantic Adventuress is a 1920 American silent drama movie directed by Harley Knoles and starring Dorothy Dalton, Charles Meredith, Augusta Anderson, Ivo Dawson, Robert Schable. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Malcolm Jarvis

Malcolm Peter Jarvis was born 6 December, 1955 in Masvingo, Zimbabwe. He is a Zimbabwean cricketer who played 5 tests and 12 one-day internationals between 1987 and 1995. He is the father of Zimbabwean cricketer Kyle Jarvis.


Cameroonian Football Federation

The Cameroonian Football Federation () is the leading body of football in Cameroon. It organizes the Cameroon national football team both men and women. It also organizes the Première Division, the highest league in club football. It is known as FECAFOOT.

On 11 December 2021 Samuel Eto’o Fil was elected President of the organisation.




Scinax villasboasi

Scinax villasboasi is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Campo de Provas in Pará.

Iyrcae

The Iyrcae () were an ancient nation on the north-east trade route described by Herodotus beyond the Thyssagetae.

They were distinguished by their mode of hunting, climbing a tree to survey their game, and then pursuing it with trained horses and dogs. Possibly as a result of false correction, they are mentioned during the first century CE, refers to the Τυρκαι ("Turcae") in the forests north of the Sea of Azov, and Pliny the Elder lists the "Tyrcae" among the people of the same area. The ethnonym Iyrcae was also hypothesized to be connected to the Oghuz Turkic tribe of the Anatolian Yörüks. Some historians, however, include them among the Sarmatian tribes, since the accounts of Herodotus are consistent with later records of the Sarmatians culture, and the archaeological finds from the area at that time are also identical with the Sarmatians.

Lombard language

Lombard is a Gallo-Romance language, in a linguistic continuum it is spoken by millions of people in Northern Italy and Southern Switzerland, most of Lombardy and some areas of Piedmont and the western side of Trentino, and in Switzerland in the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. Lombard dialects are also heard in Santa Catarina in Brazil.

Nördlinger Ries

The Nördlinger Ries is an impact crater caused by a meteorite. It is a large circular depression in western Bavaria and eastern Baden-Württemberg. 

It is north of the Danube in the district of Donau-Ries. The city of Nördlingen is in the depression, about south-west of its centre.

The depression is a meteorite impact crater formed 14.808 ± 0.038 million years ago in the Miocene. The crater is most commonly referred to simply as "Ries crater" or "the Ries". 

The original crater rim had an estimated diameter of . The present floor of the depression is about below the eroded remains of the rim.

It was originally assumed that the Ries was of volcanic origin. In 1960 Eugene Shoemaker and Edward C.T. Chao showed that the depression was caused by meteorite impact.

Stone buildings in Nördlingen contain millions of tiny diamonds, all less than across. The impact that caused the Nördlinger Ries crater created an estimated of them when it hit a local graphite deposit. Stone from this area was quarried and used for the local buildings.

Backlink

A backlink is a type of web resource. It is a link from another website that links to that resource, which is typically a web page, website, or web directory. The number, quality, and relevance of backlinks for a web page are some of the things that search engines like Google use to estimate how important the page is. Businesses tried to get as many links to their website as they could. Then their site would appear above others when people searched. This matters for online shopping. Google has tried to check that the links it counts are relevant. Businesses may also try to damage their competitors by putting lots of poor quality links to their websites. 

Military of Afghanistan

The Military of Afghanistan consisted of Afghani's who advocated for peace and the freedom to rule their State. Their intention was to along with the help of The United States rid Afghanistan of the Taliban. Their ranks were cluttered with corruption but, also included loyal patriots. The army eventually gave in after the withdrawal of U.S. troops.

National Smallbore Rifle Association

The National Smallbore Rifle Association (NSRA) is a British charity and governing body for some shooting sports.

The NSRA governs target shooting with smallbore rifles and pistols, as well as airguns and match crossbow.

The NSRA is based at The Lord Roberts Centre at the National Shooting Centre, Bisley Camp in Surrey. They organise competitions all year round.

The NSRA holds a big competition at Bisley each year in August. The first meeting was held in 1922 and has been held every year since, except during World War 1 and World War 2.

Most competitions are shot at distances of fifty metres and one hundred yards.



British Shooting

British Shooting is the governing body for ISSF shooting sports in the United Kingdom. The organisation looks after Britain's shooting teams for the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games.

In 2007 British Shooting replaced another organisation called the GB Target Shooting Federation. British Shooting is not a membership organisation, which is unusual for a governing body. Because there are lots of organisations managing different sorts of shooting sports in the UK, British Shooting brings the rifle, pistol and shotgun shooters together from all those other shooting organisations.

Since 2007, British Shooting's teams have won several medals at the Olympic Games and Shooting World Championships.

At the 2012 London Olympics, Peter Wilson won a Gold medal in the Men's Double Trap.

At the 2016 Olympic Games, British Shooting delivered two Bronze medals for Team GB - Edward Ling in the Men's Trap and Steven Scott in the Men's Double Trap.

At the 2018 ISSF World Shooting Championships, Seonaid McIntosh became world champion in the Women's 50Metre Prone Rifle. In 2019, Seonaid won three World Cup medals, including the first World Cup Gold medal ever won by a British woman. At the 2019 European Shooting Championships she became the European Champion in the 300 Metre Prone Rifle event.

At the 2020 Olympics, Matthew Coward-Holley won Team GB's only shooting medal in the Men's Trap.



Hideki Konno

Hideki Konno (born May 13, 1965) is a video game director, designer, and producer who works for Nintendo. Since 2015, Konno has worked on Nintendo’s Smart Device Group, the department responsible for the company’s smartphone games.

Some of the most well known projects Konno has worked on include the Mario Kart and parts of the Super Mario series, the Nintendo 3DS, both of the Nintendogs games, and two of the Luigi’s Mansion games.

Teófilo Braga

Joaquim Teófilo Fernandes Braga (; 24 February 1843 – 28 January 1924) was a Portuguese writer and politician and the leader of the Government of Portugal after the overthrow of King Manuel II. He was also the second elected president of the First Portuguese Republic.

Teófilo Braga was born in the Azores, in São José, Ponta Delgada, his father was Joaquim Manuel Fernandes Braga and his mother was Maria José da Câmara e Albuquerque, from the island of Santa Maria. He got a bachelor's degree at the University of Coimbra in 1868 and studied modern literature at the University of Lisbon in 1872.

Bob Lanier

Robert Jerry Lanier Jr. (September 10, 1948 – May 10, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played center for the Detroit Pistons and the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association. Lanier was honored into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992.

After retiring from playing he was an assistant coach for the Golden State Warriors, and briefly was their interim head coach. He went on to work as an NBA Cares Global Ambassador.

Lanier died on May 10, 2022 from a short-illness, aged 73.

Manuel de Arriaga

Manuel José de Arriaga Brum da Silveira e Peyrelongue (; 8 July 1840 – 5 March 1917) was a Portuguese lawyer and the first elected president of the First Portuguese Republic after overthrowing King Manuel II of Portugal.

University of Coimbra

The University of Coimbra (UC; , ) is a public research university in Coimbra, Portugal. The university is one of the oldest active universities in the world. In 2013, UNESCO made the university a World Heritage Site.

Genoese dialect

Genoese, locally called , is the Ligurian dialect spoken in Genoa, the capital city of Liguria, in Northern Italy.

Mary Kuivenhoven

Mary Kuivenhoven (born circa 1952) is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Soest. She competed at the1972 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal as part of the 4x 100 metres relay team, and individually two silver medals and a bronze medal.

She worked as a shop assistant.

Ingrid van der Benden

Ingrid van den Benden (born 1951) is a former Dutch Paralympic swimmer. She won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She won four gold medals at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg.

When Van den Bende was two, she moved with her parents from Indonesia to the Netherlands. Shortly before she arrived in the Netherlands, she had polio. For her rehabilitation she started swimming when she was four. At the time, she walked with suspenders and high shoes. During the swimming competitions of the 60th anniversary of the “Amsterdamse Specialisten Vereniging” in 1966 she swam very fast. Her performance was noticed and so she was able to compete the same year and the following year at the Stoke Mandeville Games, the annual competitions for athletes with disabilities in Great Britain. In both years she won three times. 

At first he trained every Thursday night at the ZAR. She was a member of the ISA swimming club in Amsterdam. She was selected to compete in the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv, in Israel. She has won two individual gold medals, a silver medal and a gold medal in the 3x 50m relay. After the Paralympics she was awarded in her school. It was a festive event, including a speech from the mayor. She received several gifts, including a swimming diploma: 

At the 1969 Dutch National Championships she swam four world records. At the 1972 Dutch National Championships she swam two world records.

In the years preceding the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg she intensified her training to a professional level, having three training sessions per day, five days a week, plus Saturday as match-day. As result she swam several long-lasting World Records and won three individual gold medals plus another gold medal as part of the 4x 100m relay.


Andra Martin

Andra Martin (born Sandra Rehn, July 15, 1935 – May 3, 2022) was an American actress. She was known for being in Warner Bros. movies during the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Rockford, Illinois. She was known for her roles in "The Thing That Couldn't Die", "Up Periscope" and "Yellowstone Kelly". 

Martin died on May 3, 2022, at the age of 86.

Francis J. Meehan

Francis Joseph "Frank" Meehan (February 14, 1924 – May 7, 2022) was an American diplomat. He was born in East Orange, New Jersey. He was an ambassador during the Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan presidencies. 

Meehan was the Ambassador to Czechoslovakia from 1979 until 1980. He later was the Ambassador to Poland from 1980 to 1983. Meehan lastly was the Ambassador to East Germany from 1985 until 1988.

Meehan died on May 7, 2022 in Helensburgh, Scotland at the age of 98.

Underworld (2003 movie)

Underworld is a 2003 American action horror movie. The movie is produced by Screen Gems and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the first movie in the Underworld franchise. It was directed by Len Wiseman. It was released in the United States on September 19, 2003.



María Duval

María Dussauge Ortiz (born 2 August 1937), commonly known as María Duval, is a Mexican actress and singer. She was of the stars from the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. Duval was born in Querétaro, Mexico. Her career lasted from 1955 until 1995. 


María Duval (Argentine actress)

María Duval (born María Mogilesky; 17 May 1926 – 10 May 2022) was an Argentine actress. She was popular during the 1940s. She made 21 movies from 1940 until her retirement in 1948. She was born in Bahía Blanca, Argentina. Her best known roles were in "La senda oscura" (1947), "Story of a Bad Woman" (1947), "La serpiente de cascabel" (1948), "Cita en las estrellas" (1949) and "El extraño caso de la mujer asesinada" (1949).

Duval died on 10 May 2022 at her home in Buenos Aires, Argentine one week before her 96th birthday.

Kjell Lönnå

Kjell Lönnå (13 July 1936 – 10 May 2022) was a Swedish choir leader, composer and television personality. He was born in Smedjebacken, Sweden. His career lasted from 1953 until 2022. He wrote the soundtrack for "Den Svenska Psalmboken". Lönnå was one of the national conductors for the National Swedish Choir Association.

Lönnå died on 10 May 2022, at the age of 85.

Enrique Metinides

Jaralambos Enrique Metinides Tsironides (12 February 1934 – 10 May 2022) was a Mexican photographer. He began working with photography as a child. He published his first photo in a newspaper when he was twelve and at age thirteen, became an unpaid assistant at La Prensa. Metinides was born in Mexico City.

Metinides died on 10 May 2022 in Mexico City, aged 88.

Shireen Abu Akleh

Shireen Abu Akleh (3 April 1971 – 11 May 2022) was a Palestinian-American journalist. She worked as a reporter for the Arabic-language channel of Al Jazeera for 25 years until her assassination. She was born in Jerusalem. She was seen as a role model by many upcoming talented Palestinian and Arab journalists, particularly women.
Abu Akleh was born on 3 April 1971 in Jerusalem to an Arab Christian family. She spent time in the United States, obtaining U.S. citizenship through members of her mother's family who lived in New Jersey.

As a child, her parents would often tell her stories of a Palestine that existed before Israel was established. This inspired her to be a voice for Palestine.

After graduating with a Bachelor's degree in Journalism from Yarmouk University in Jordan, Abu Akleh returned to Palestine.

Abu Akleh was assassinated on 11 May 2022 by an Israeli soldier. At the time of her killing she was wearing a blue Press vest and covering a israeli raid on the Jenin refugee camp in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. She was aged 51.



Jeroen Brouwers

Jeroen Godfried Marie Brouwers (30 April 1940 – 11 May 2022) was a Dutch writer. From 1964 to 1976 Brouwers worked as an editor at Manteau publishers in Brussels. In 1964, he wrote his first book. He won the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs in 1989 for "De zondvloed", the Constantijn Huygens Prize in 1993 for his collected works, and in 1995 the Prix Femina for International works for his book "Bezonken rood" ("Sunken Red").

Brouwers won the Libris Prize for "Cliënt E. Busken" in 2021.

Brouwers was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies and died in Maastricht. He died from a short-illness, aged 82.

Henk Groot

Hendrik Groot (22 April 1938 – 11 May 2022) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a forward and attacking midfielder. He made 39 appearances with the Netherlands national football team from 1960 until 1969.

Dupuytren's contracture

Dupuytren's contracture (also called Dupuytren's disease, Morbus Dupuytren, Viking disease, palmar fibromatosis and Celtic hand) is a condition in which one or more fingers become permanently bent in a flexed position. It is named after Guillaume Dupuytren. It usually begins as small, hard nodules just under the skin of the palm.

Hydrocephalus

Hydrocephalus is caused by too much cerebrospinal fluid in the brain.
Which can be mistaken for brain cancer, brain dysfunction or aneurysms. This causes higher pressure inside the skull. Older people with this may have headaches, double vision, poor balance, urinary problems, personality changes, or mental impairment. In babies, it may be seen as a rapid increase in head size.

Hydrocephalus can happen as a birth defects or can also happen later in life. Other causes include meningitis, brain tumors, traumatic brain injury, or brain hemorrhage.

IND

IND or ind can mean:


Chen Meier

Chen Meier (born 10 September 1990) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Deng Mingzhu

Deng Mingzhu (born 10 November 1987) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She finished 5th at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and 6th at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

She is born on 10 November 1987. Due to infantile paralysis she has a spinal cord injury. She started playing wheelchair basketball in 2007 when she was 20 years old in Guangzhou at the Guangdong Province wheelchair basketball team.

She studied computing at the Guangdong Peiying Vocational School in Guangzhou. She is married to Feng Liangzhu.

She competed at the 2010 Asian Para Games, and 2014 Asian Para Games.

Ringlet (haircut)

A ringlet is a hairstyle. They are also called princess curls or corkscrew curls. This hairstyle is made by twisting wet hair,wrapping hair around a small curling iron, or with hair rollers. People with curly hair will grow this hairstyle on their own.

Livin La Pura Vida

"Livin La Pura Vida" is the seventh episode of 31st season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on November 17, 2019. In The episode Marge becomes obsessed with getting the perfect vacation photo when the Simpson family are finally invited on the Van Houten's annual trip to Costa Rica, while Lisa becomes worried they can't afford it and Homer befriends Patty's new girlfriend, Evelyn The episodes was directed by Timothy Bailey, written by Brian Kelley and guest starred Fortune Feimster as Evelyn.

The Incredible Lightness of Being a Baby

'The Incredible Lightness of Being A Baby' is the eighteenth episode of 31st season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on April 19, 2020 and directed by Bob Anderson.

She Used to Be My Girl

"She Used to Be My Girl" is the fourth and final episode of sixteenth season of "The Simpsons". It was also the original series finale on FOX during the last episode of 2004. It was shown on December 5, 2004. This episode was directed by Matthew Nastuk and written by Tim Long. Kim Cattrall guest starred as Chloe Talbot.

Mobile Homer

"Mobile Homer" is the episode of the "The Simpsons". It was first shown on May 1, 2005.

Universal Animation Studios

Universal Animation Studios is an American animation studio and a division of Universal Pictures. Universal Pictures is a subsidiary of NBCUniversal and is owned by Comcast. Universal Animation Studios has produced direct-to-video sequels to Universal-released movies, such as "The Land Before Time", "An American Tail", "Balto", "Curious George" as well as other movies and television series.

Universal Animation Studios was established in 1990 as Universal Cartoon Studios. It was the animation division of MCA Inc. The first work by the company was "". It was announced on March 22, 1991 and was first broadcast on CBS on September 14 the same year.

In 2006, Universal Cartoon Studios was renamed to Universal Animation Studios.






The G Files

The G Files is the fifth studio album by Warren G. The album was released on September 29, 2009.

SonyLIV

Sony LIV was an OTT platform. It was launched in 2013.

Konrad Laimer

Konrad Laimer (born 27 May 1997) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a midfielder for German club Bayern Munich and the Austria national team.

Laimer started his career with USC Abersee. 2007 he went to the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. After that he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2014 he went to FC Liefering. He made his Erste Liga debut with FC Liefering at 2 May 2014 against SV Horn. He made his first team debut at 28 September 2014 against SK Rapid Wien. He came in forAlan in extra time. He scored his first goal in the cup semifinal versus FK Austria Wien on 20 April 2016.

On 30 June 2017 he went to RB Leipzig in the German Bundesliga.

On 9 June 2023, Bayern Munich announced that they had signed Laimer on a free transfer until 30 June 2027.

He played in all youth national teams from U16 to U21. With the U19 team he played in the U-19 European championship 2014 a nd the U-20 World championship 2015.

Laimer was first called in the Austria in September 2017. He made his debut on 7 June 2019 in a qualifing match for the Euro 2020 against Slovenia in the starting XI.

Division of Monash

The Division of Monash is an electoral division in Victoria.

Soul Blade

Soul Blade released in Japanese arcades as is a fighting video game developed by Project Soul and published by Namco. It was the first installment in the "Soulcalibur" series. Originaly release on Arcade in 1995, then later ported in PlayStation in December 20, 1996.

The Heart of Jennifer

The Heart of Jennifer is a 1915 American silent drama movie directed by James Kirkwood, Sr. (who also stars) and also starring Hazel Dawn, Russell Bassett, Harry C. Browne. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Femtometre

The femtometre is a unit used to measure length in the metric system, represented by the symbol fm. It is equal to one quadrillionth of a meter: 10 m, or 1 m / 1,000,000,000,000,000. It is also called a fermi, named after Enrico Fermi. 1 femtometre is equal to 0.001 picometres or 1000 attometres.

1 femtometre is similar in size to a proton or neutron.

Coppergate Helmet

The Coppergate Helmet (or York Helmet) is an eighth-century Anglo-Saxon helmet found in York. It was discovered in May 1982.

The helmet is one of six Anglo-Saxon helmets which have survived to the present day. It is by far the best preserved. It is similar to the helmet found in Wollaston, Northamptonshire. Other helmets—from Benty Grange, Sutton Hoo, Shorwell, and Staffordshire—are also similar.

These "crested helmets" were used in England and Scandinavia from the sixth to eleventh centuries. This helmet is now in the collections of the Yorkshire Museum.

Amadou Haidara

Amadou Haidara (born 31 January 1998) is a Malian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club RB Leipzig and the Mali national team.

Haidara started his career with the Malian side JMG Academy Bamako. In July 2016 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg in Austria. He went on loan to the second league side FC Liefering. Haidara also played for the FC Red Bull Salzburg U-19 team in the UEFA Youth League. There he scored two goals versus FK Vardar.

He made his first match in the third round of the 2016–17 league versus LASK Linz. He substituted Gideon Mensah after the halftime break and scored his first goal in the 48th minute for Liefering.

During the 2017–18 season Salzburg had their best ever European campaign. They finished top of their Europa League group for the fourth before beating Real Sociedad, Borussia Dortmund and Lazio Roma. On 3 May 2018, he played in the Europa League semi-finals as Olympique de Marseille played out a 1–2 away loss but a 3–2 aggregate win to secure a place in the 2018 UEFA Europa League Final. In the quarterfinal he made a goal versus Roma.

On 22 December 2018 went to RB Leipzig. On 30 March 2019 he scored his first Bundesliga goal in a 5–0 win over Hertha BSC. In the 2019–20 season, RB Leipzig managed to reach the Champions League semi-finals.

He scored his first Champions League goal in a 3–2 win over Manchester United in the 2020–21 season on 8 December 2020.

Haidara played five matches for the Malian U17 team. Haidara made his team debut for the Mali national football team in a 2018 World Cup qualification match against Ivory Coast on 6 October 2017.

Red Bull Salzburg
Mali U17

Tiger Shark (movie)

Tiger Shark is a 1932 American romantic adventure movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Edward G. Robinson, Richard Arlen, Zita Johann, Leila Bennett, J. Carroll Naish, Vince Bennett, Sheila Bromley, Edwin Maxwell, Henry Otho, Harry Semels. It was distributed by First National Pictures.


Aftermath (1914 movie)

Aftermath is a lost 1914 American silent drama movie based on play of the same name by William Addison Hervey. It stars Owen Moore, Virginia Pearson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hussein bin Ali, King of Hejaz

Hussein bin Ali Al-Hashimi, was the Sharif of Mecca and the one who, following the Hussein McMahon correspondace, incited the Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire in World War l. By calling themselves Hashemites, his family claims to descend from the Prophet Banu Hashim. This lineage, along with the fact that Sharif Hussein has been the official protector of the holy sites of Mecca and Medina since 1908, legitimized him for many Arab Muslims as the natural leader of the Arabs.

Having been under Ottoman rule for a long time and serving as officials of the Ottoman government, Sharif Hussein and his sons did not participate in the Arab nationalist movement and political opposition that had emerged in Damascus, Beirut and Cairo around 1912 before the First World War. However, their position changed when the Ottoman Sultan Abdülhamit II and the CUP government began to centralize their power, narrowing down on Hussein with the Hijaz railway from Damascus to Medina, thereby threatening the autonomous power of Sharif Hussein in 1908. When war broke out, Hussein saw an opportunity to expand his influence and oppose Ottoman rule. Sharif Hussein became the leader of the Arab revolt and in the subsequent Hussein-McMahon correspondence, it was he who negotiated with the British for an independent Arab state in exchange for the Arab revolt against the Ottomans.

Clay Pigeon Shooting Association

The Clay Pigeon Shooting Association (CPSA) is the national governing body for clay pigeon shooting in England.

The organisation was founded in 1928. It is a member of the British International Clay Target Shooting Federation and is represented at the World Forum on Shooting Activities through the British Shooting Sports Council.

Its main job is to promote and encourage the development of the sport. It also works with the government to represent CPSA members, as well as organising national competitions and selecting England teams for major international events, including the Olympics.

The CPSA has about 25,000 members at all shooting levels, from farm and casual shoots through to national and International competitions.

The CPSA manages safety standards at 450 affiliated and registered grounds around the country.



National Rifle Association

A National Rifle Association (NRA) is a governing body for shooting sports in a country. The most famous NRA is the National Rifle Association of America.

In some countries, the Association is more interested in political subjects and gun rights. In other countries they are more interested with target sports and competitions. The oldest National Rifle Association is the British National Rifle Association which was founded in 1859.


Sports governing body

A sports governing body is a sports organization that has a "regulatory" or "sanctioning" function. This normally means it manages a sport, sets the rules, helps clubs and runs competitions.

Sports governing bodies come in lots of forms and can have different jobs. This can include setting the rules for the sport that they govern, and giving punishments for breaking the rules. Some governing bodies manage lots of sports at an international level, such as the International Olympic Committee and the International Paralympic Committee, or only one sport at a national level, such as the Rugby Football League. National bodies will normally work with the international bodies for the same sport.

International sports federations manage a sport (or a set of similar sports) at the highest level. These federations work to set common rules and run international competitions. They help run the events at the Olympic Games.

About 30 international sport federations are based in Switzerland, with about 20 in the Lausanne area, where the International Olympic Committee is based.
National governing bodies do the same work as an international federation, but within one country. They support local clubs and pick national teams.

National Rifle Association of New Zealand

The National Rifle Association of New Zealand (NRA) is the national governing body for Fullbore rifle shooting in New Zealand. 

The Association is the member for New Zealand at the International Confederation of Fullbore Rifle Associations (ICFRA) and takes part in ICFRA World Championships and the Commonwealth Games.

The NRA started as the New Zealand Rifle Association (NZRA) in 1878. It ran the national competition each year. The Government Volunteer Movement had run the competition since 1861 but gave it to the NZRA. By 1900 the NZRA had trouble with money because they built a new shooting range for the competition each year in a different place. The NZRA was taken over by the Defence Force and was called the New Zealand Defence Rifle Association. In 1923, the National Rifle Association was formed to separate the target shooters from the military Defence Force.


Scinax blairi

Blair's snouted tree frog ("Scinax blairi") is a frog. It lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level. It lives on the llanos. They are grassy plains.

McMahon–Hussein Correspondence

The McMahon–Hussein correspondance was a correspondance of 10 letters during 1915 and 1916 between Sharif Hussein, the Emir of Mecca and the British High Commissioner Sir Henry McMahon. In the exchange, McMahon (in the name of the British government) promised Shairf Hussein an independent Arab state in the area of Greater Syria. In return Sharif Hussein would launch an Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire in the context of the First World War. Despite unresolved questions concerning the precise boarders, the Arab revolt began in Mecca on 10 June 1916. It was led by one of Sharif Hussein's sons, Emir Faysal, and accompanied by T.E. Lawrence, better known as "Lawrence of Arabia", who was sent as an agent for the British.
In the war against the Ottoman Empire, the British needed the help of the Arabs. Therefore, British officials devised a plan whereby an Arab uprising against the Ottomans would separate Ottoman troops in the Middle East from German troops in Africa. This led to what is known as the Hussein-McMahon correspondence: an exchange of letters between the British High Commissioner Henry McMahon, who was stationed in Egypt, and the Sharif of Mecca, Hussein bin Ali. Sharif Hussein was considered the legitimate leader of the Arab people because of his alleged descent from the Prophet (the Hashemites) and his role as the official protector of the holy sites. In ten letters, borders within large parts of Ottoman Territory (Greater Syria) were drafted and discussed: the British promised an independent Arab territory from the Mediterranean to present-day Iraq and from the Indian Ocean to Syria.

Armenian population by country

The Armenian population in each country is described as below. 

National Rifle Association of Australia

The National Rifle Association of Australia (NRAA) is the national governing body for Fullbore rifle shooting in Australia.

The NRAA is the member for Australia at the International Confederation of Fullbore Rifle Associations (ICFRA) and takes part in ICFRA World Championships and the Commonwealth Games.

The NRAA was started in 1888. It was called the "General Council of the Rifle Associations of Australasia" and was made of groups from the different areas of Australia. These groups wanted to send an Australian team to the rifle competition at Wimbledon in the UK. Adelaide, South Australia, New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania were the first areas of Australia to join.

The Bob's Burgers Movie

The Bob's Burgers Movie is a 2022 American musical comedy movie based on the television series "Bob's Burgers" created by Loren Bouchard, who co-wrote, co-produced and directed in his feature directorial debut with Bernard Derriman. The original voice cast of the series reprise their roles, including H. Jon Benjamin, Dan Mintz, Eugene Mirman, Larry Murphy, John Roberts, Kristen Schaal, Zach Galifianakis, and Kevin Kline.

The movie premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on May 17, 2022. It was released on May 27, 2022, by 20th Century Studios in the United States, after almost two years of delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

A ruptured water main creates a sinkhole right in front of Bob's Burgers, blocking the entrance and ruining the Belchers' plans for a successful summer. While Bob and Linda struggle to keep the business afloat, the kids try to solve a mystery that could save their family's restaurant.

List of Yoshi video games

This is a list of video games mainly featuring Yoshi.


Danilo I, Prince of Montenegro

Danilo I (25 May 1826 13 August 1860) was the prince of Montenegro from 1851 until his assassination in 1860. He was the third shortest ruling king of Montenegro.

List of rulers of Montenegro

This list shows a list of sovereigns of the country which is now Montenegro, since 1696.

VOJISLAV I (1018-1043) 
DURAD I 1362-1378



Diário da República

Diário da República is the official gazette of Portugal. The gazette is published electronically since 1 July, 2006. The gazette was called "Diário do Governo" between 1869 and 1976.


Kalush (rap group)

Kalush (stylized in all caps) is a Ukrainian music band. They make hip hop, folk and rap music. They named the group after their hometown of Kalush. 

In 2021, the group formed a project named the Kalush Orchestra to enter the competition "Vidbir 2022" (the winner of "Vidbir" represents Ukraine at Eurovision). They finished second. 

However, the winner, Alina Pash, was later disqualified from representing Ukraine in Eurovision. As runners-up, Kalush Orchestra were selected to represent Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin.

They won the final with the song "Stefania". They later performed it at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023.

Chanel Terrero

Chanel Terrero Martínez, (born 28 July 1991) is a Cuban-Spanish singer, dancer and theatre actress from Havana.

In 2022, she won the first edition of the Benidorm Fest, earning her the right to represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin. She performed the song "SloMo", placing third in the final.

Sequin (coin)

The sequin was a gold coin. It was minted and issued by the Republic of Venice from the 13th century onwards.

The design of the Venetian gold ducat, or "", was unchanged for over 500 years. It was issued from 1284 until the takeover of Venice by Napoleon in 1797. No other coin design has ever been produced for such a long time.

Altice Arena

MEO Arena (formerly Altice Arena from 2017 until February 2024) is an indoor arena in Lisbon, Portugal.

James Rolfe

James D. Rolfe (born July 10, 1980) is an American filmmaker, actor, YouTuber, and online personality.

The Black Dahlia Murder (band)

The Black Dahlia Murder is an American melodic death metal band from Waterford, Michigan, formed in 2001. They are named after the 1947 unsolved murder of Elizabeth Short, often known as Black Dahlia.

Out of the eight studio albums they have released to date, the last seven have charted on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, with their fifth album "Ritual" peaking at No. 31 in 2011.

National Parliament of Papua New Guinea

The National Parliament of Papua New Guinea is the unicameral national legislature in Papua New Guinea. It was created in 1964 as the House of Assembly of Papua and New Guinea. After the nation was given independence in 1975, it became the National Parliament.

The 111 members of parliament serve five-year terms, 89 of whom are chosen from single-member "open" electorates, which are sometimes known as "seats" but are officially known as constituencies. The remaining 22 are chosen from single-member provincial electorates: the 20 provinces, the autonomous province of Bougainville (North Solomons), and the National Capital District.

Sam Basil

Sam Basil (16 November 1969 – 11 May 2022) was a Papua New Guinean politician. He was a member of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea from 2007 until his death in 2022. From 17 April 2019 to 13 May 2019, Basil was the Minister of Finance. At the time of his death, he was a member of the Melanesian Alliance Party. 

Basil was killed in a car accident on 11 May 2022, one day before election nominations, at the age of 52.

Juan Amat

Juan Amat Fontanals (June 10, 1946 – May 12, 2022) was a Spanish field hockey player. He won the silver medal with the Men's National Team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. Amat was born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Spain.

Amat died on May 12, 2022 at the age of 75.

Gergely Karácsony

Gergely Szilveszter Karácsony (; born 11 June 1975) is a Hungarian politician and political scientist. He became Mayor of Budapest in 2019. He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) from 2010 to 2014 and Mayor of Zugló from 2014 to 2019.

Zugló

Zugló () is the 14th district of Budapest, the capital of Hungary.

Richard Worth

Richard Westwood Worth (3 July 1948 – 10 May 2022) was a New Zealand politician and lawyer. He was a member of the New Zealand National Party. He was the Member of Parliament for Epsom from 1999 to 2005 and a list MP from 2005 to 2009. Worth was born in Auckland, New Zealand. Worth was the Minister of Internal Affairs from 2008 until 2009 during the John Key government.

Worth died on 10 May 2022 at the age of 73.

John L. Canley

John L. Canley (February 1, 1938 – May 9, 2022) was a United States Marine and soldier. He was a recipient of the 2018 Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Huế. Canley was a gunnery sergeant during the Vietnam War. Canley was born in Caledonia, Arkansas.

Canley died on May 9, 2022 in Bend, Oregon from cancer, aged 84.

Caledonia, Arkansas

Caledonia is an unincorporated community in Union County, Arkansas, United States.

Elizabeth Christine Allan-Shetter

Elizabeth Christine "Liz" Allan-Shetter (born Elizabeth Christine Reid on 24 November 1950) is an American water skier. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where waterskiing was a demonstration sport, in the three events, winning the slalom event and finishing third in the jumping event.

At the Water Ski World Championships she became an eight-time individual World Champion (1x tricks, 3x slalom, and 4x jumps) and a three-time combined champion (1965, 1969, and 1973). In 1969 she won the grand slam; where she won the combined and all three segments, the only time this has ever been accomplished at the Worlds by a man or woman (through 2018). At the she became a 42-time national champion. At the national championships. between 1962 and 1975, she always won at least two of the four titles. She also won the Masters Cup for women nine times, every time she participated. She was inducted in the American Hall of Fame in 1982.

Kaye Thurlow

Kaye Thurlow-Faulkner is an Australian water skier and writer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where waterskiing was a demonstration sport, in the three events. She finished second in the Tricks event and in the Jump event, and finished 5th in the Slalom event. 

She competed at five Water Ski World Championships between 1967 and 1975 winning a total of eight medals; two in 1969 (bronze and silver), three in 1971 (2x silver and bronze) and three in 1975 (2x bronze and silver). 

At Moomba Masters she won a total of 24 gold medals, including eight overall titles. Thurlow became eight times overall Australian champion. In 1978 she became Victorian Sports Woman of the Year. She was inducted into the International Hall of Fame in 2009.

Thurlow married Colin Faulkner. They wrote a book on waterskiing titled "Australian Water Skiing."

Titanic 666

Titanic 666 is a supernatural movie produced by The Asylum, released on April 15, 2022 on the Tubi streaming platform for the 110th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, this film has received various reviews just like its predecessor (Titanic II).

A couple of influencers embark on the maiden voyage of the new "Titanic III", which takes on a macabre hue before the ghosts of the real Titanic, who are invoked to scare the passengers and crew, who would suffer the same fate as the Titanic 110 years before.



Mickey in Arabia

Mickey in Arabia is a 1932 American animated short movie from Walt Disney Productions. Columbia Pictures released the movie. This was the last cartoon in the Mickey Mouse series released by Columbia Pictures. Walt Disney plays Mickey Mouse and Marcellite Garner plays Minnie. It was the 43rd Mickey Mouse film, the seventh in 1932.



Naples, Idaho

Naples is a small unincorporated community in Boundary County, in the far north of Idaho, United States. It lies south of the city of Bonners Ferry and north of Sandpoint. 

The Ruby Ridge standoff of 1992, between federal agencies and the Randy Weaver family, took place about from the city.

It was named after the Italian city.

FIFA Player of the Century

FIFA Player of the Century was an award created by FIFA. It was only given once. The award was given to the best football player of the 20th century. The award was given to Diego Maradona and Pelé.

Gino Cappelletti

Gino Cappelletti (March 26, 1934 – May 12, 2022) was an American professional football player. He played college football at University of Minnesota. He played for the Boston Patriots from 1960 until 1970. Cappelletti is a member of the Patriots Hall of Fame. He was the Patriots' radio color commentator until July 2012. His nicknames included "The Duke" and "Mr. Patriot". Cappelletti was born in Keewatin, Minnesota.

Cappelletti died on May 12, 2022 at the age of 89.

Keewatin, Minnesota

Keewatin is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 984 at the 2020 census.

Pomona, New York

Pomona is a village partly in the town of Ramapo and partly in the town of Haverstraw in Rockland County, New York, United States.

Haverstraw, New York

Haverstraw is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States. 39,087 people lived there at the 2020 census. The name comes from the Dutch word "Haverstroo" meaning "oats straw".

Haverstraw (village), New York

Haverstraw is a village in the town of Haverstraw in Rockland County, New York, United States. 12,323 people lived here in 2020.

Barbara Franklin

Barbara Hackman Franklin (born March 19, 1940) is an American politician and businesswoman. She was the 29th United States Secretary of Commerce from 1992 to 1993 to President George H. W. Bush.

Garland, Utah

Garland is a city in northeastern Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 2,589 at the 2020 census.

Lorenz Oken

Lorenz Oken (birth name: Lorenz Okenfuss; born 1 August 1779 – 11 August 1851) was a German naturalist, botanist, biologist, and ornithologist. Oken was born in what is now Offenburg, Baden; he studied natural history and medicine at Freiburg, Würzburg and later went to Göttingen.

Area code 607

Area code 607 is an area code for New York. It was created in 1954 as a split of area codes 315 and 716 for the southern portion for the Southern Tier, bordering Pennsylvania. It covers cities including but not limited to Binghamton, Cortland, Ithaca, Oneonta, and Delhi.

The Return of the Regulator

The Return of the Regulator is the fourth studio album by Warren G. The album was released on December 11, 2001.

Mock castle

A modern castle or mock castle is a house or mansion designed and built to resemble a medieval castle. These residences often have some castle features including towers, crenellations and even fake dungeons and moats sometimes. Mock castles have no serious defensive abilities, at least not at the same level as original medieval castles. The majority of modern castles were built in the 19th and 20th centuries, though they continue to be built occasionally today.

Crenellation

Crenellations or battlements are the tooth-like gaps in parapets often found on castles town walls, and fortresses.

Parapet

A parapet is a low wall, for decorative or protective purposes on the roof of a building, the sides of a bridge or the top of a defensive wall.

Boldt Castle

Boldt Castle is a gilded age mock castle in the Thousand Islands region of New York State, USA. The six-story castle assumes a Scottish Baronial style.

Thousand Islands

The Thousand Islands is an archipelago in Upstate New York. 

Salad dressing

A salad dressing is a sauce for salads.

Hamptons

The Hamptons is a posh beachfront area in Long Island, New York State. The area is primarily occupied during the summer as multimillionaire and billionaire homeowners use their mansions and luxury condominiums as vacation homes. Most houses in the Hamptons are the same style, so much so that the area has its own architectural style.

Historically, the Hamptons were full of fishing villages, then during the Gilded Age, the ultra wealthy began to move in.

DJ Envy

DJ Envy is an American disc jockey (DJ), record producer, and radio personality.


Brøndby IF

Brøndbyernes Idrætsforening short Brøndby IF is a professional association football club based in Brøndbyvester. The club was founded in 1964 when two local clubs merged (Brøndbyøster IF and Brøndbyvester IF).

Brøndby IF has won 11 Danish championships and 7 Danish Cups. Brøndby reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup 1990-91.


"As of 24 May 2021, Source: "


Moeen Ali

Moeen Munir Ali is an English cricket player who plays for England. Ali plays as an all-rounder. Moeen made his test debut in 2014, scored 2,914 runs in 64 Tests at an average of 28.29 and took 195 wickets with his nagging off-spin but played little test cricket since the 2019 Ashes series against Australia. He has played for Chennai Super Kings and Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League.

Christian Heinle

Christian Heinle (born 30 March 1985) is an Austrian football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Ried.

Heinle played for SV Grieskirchen, SV Bad Schallerbach and Union Rottenbach in lower classes in Upper Austria. After the 2020–21 season he ended his career.

In 2014–15 he started as assistant coach to his father at Union Rottenbach. He also played for the team. In 2015–16 he became playing coach of Rottenbach. In 2017–18 he became player-coach of SV Grieskirchen.

In 2020–21 he went to SV Ried and became head coach of the second team. January 2021 he became assistant coach to Miron Muslic in the first team but stayed headcoach of the second team. Also under headcoach Andreas Heraf he stayed as assistant coach. In November 2021 he became caretaker of the first team. In the winter of 2021 Robert Ibertsberger became new coach of Ried and Heinle worked as assistant coach.

In April 2022 Heinle replaced Ibertsberger as head coach.


Lautoka

Lautoka is a city in Fiji and has the second most people, after Suva. In the 2017 Census, Lautoka had 71,573 people.

Nadi

Nadi is a city in Fiji and has the third most people, after Suva and Lautoka. In the 2007 Census, Nadi had 42,284 people. In 2012, Nadi had about 50,000 people.

Labasa

Labasa is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Labasa had 27,949 people. It is the largest town on the island of Vanua Levu.

Ba, Fiji

Ba is a town in Fiji. In 1996, Ba had 14,596 people.

Lami, Fiji

Lami is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Lami had 20,529 people.

Levuka

Levuka is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Levuka had 3,226 people. It is the largest town on the island of Ovalau, having almost half of the island's people.

Nausori

Nausori is a city in Fiji. In 2017, Nausori had 57,866 people.

Savusavu

Savusavu is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Savusavu had 3,372 people.

Captain Courtesy

Captain Courtesy is a lost 1915 American silent drama movie directed by Phillips Smalley and Lois Weber. It stars Dustin Farnum, Courtenay Foote, Winifred Kingston, Herbert Standing, Jack Hoxie and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Arrernte people

The Arrernte people, also called the Aranda, Arrarnta, Arrernt or Arunta, are the Australian Aboriginals of the Alice Springs ("Mparntwe") area in the Northern Territory.

The Desert Storm Mixtape: Blok Party, Vol. 1

The Desert Storm Mixtape: Blok Party, Vol. 1 is the debut studio album by DJ Envy. The album was released on February 11, 2003.

Morpeth

Morpeth is a historic market town in Northumberland, North East England, lying on the River Wansbeck. Nearby towns include Ashington and Bedlington. In the 2011 census, the population of Morpeth was given as 14,017, up from 13,833 in the 2001 census.

First Intifada

The First Intifada was a large-scale rebellion by Palestinians against the military occupation of the Palestinian territories by Israel. It started in 1987 and ended in 1993. While the rebellion was put down by the Israel Defense Forces, it led to a diplomatic victory for the Palestinians by giving recognition to the State of Palestine and the Palestinian National Authority in the Oslo Accords. The First Intifada inspired the Second Intifada in 2000 and the Third Intifada in 2023.
The Palestinian unrest which led to the outbreak of the first intifada started with the Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory, forcing Palestinians to leave their land. Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory were already happening since Israel won the Six-Day War in 1967 but the Israeli government intensified these Jewish settlements and land expropriation in the 1980's. The United Nations considers Israel's settlements in Gaza Strip, the West Bank and East Jerusalem illegal. Other reasons for the Palestinian rebellion were the worsening Palestinian economy and the limited access to jobs. The widespread dissatisfaction among Palestinians living under more than twenty years of occupation and oppression by Israel and the lack of prospects for the future were also big factors that led to the first Intifada.

The first protests against Israel's occupation started in Gaza. A Israeli army car drove into a Palestinian car, killing all four occupants on 8 December 1987. That night, protests broke out in a Palestinian refugee camp during the funeral of the victims. People in the refugee camp believed the accident was set up by Israel, as a payback for the death of an Israeli man who was killed in Gaza a few days earlier. When the Israeli army killed a Palestinian man during the protests, the Palestinians became rebellious out of anger.

The protests spread to other places in the Gaza Strip and eventually made its way to the West bank. It became a Palestinian mass uprising against the occupation. Palestinians came into active resistance. This uprising was different from all Palestinian resistance before: this was a mass rebellion in which almost all domains of Palestinian society became involved. 
Quickly the resistance became efficiently organized. A party (Unified National Leadership of the Uprising: UNLU) was established which brought together all important Palestinian organizations and parties that already opposed Israel before the Intifada. Other Palestinians set up multiple sorts of "popular committees" who dealt with different parts of the organization such as food supply, medical care and social reform.

The first Intifada is often known for its nonviolent nature. The nonviolent resistance from Palestinians existed of the boycott of Israeli products, strikes and the refusal to pay taxes or other obligated payments to Israel. However, the idea that this intifada was nonviolent is not correct. The first year of the Intifada was the most violent. The Palestinian youth started throwing rocks to the Israeli security forces at the beginning of the uprising. Later, they exchanged rocks for guns, grenades and other weapons against Israeli forces. The more violence Palestinians used the more violent the Israeli responses became.
The first period of the Intifada is often divided into four phases. The first phase started immediately after the mass demonstrations on 8 December in Gaza and ended, more or less, three weeks later. This phase consisted of the sudden Palestinian demonstrations and uprisings that spread from Gaza to all of the Palestinian territories. The second phase lasted until march 1988. The Intifada became more organized in this phase: the UNLU was established, even as several of the civil committees discussed above. In the third phase, that ran from march to June 1988, the Palestinians effectively started to boycott Israeli products and taxes. During the fourth phase the resistance became even more structured and organized. This phase climaxed with the Declaration of Palestinian statehood (written by the Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish and proclaimed by Yasser Arafat) in November 1988.
In 1989 the Israeli authorities began to banish the committees more actively and tried to crush the resurrection by deploying "collaborators". The Israeli security forces switched to extreme violent tactics in this period. The Israeli authorities called for a policy to crush the uprising by 'force, might, beating' in 1988. Israeli soldiers beat up and tortured Palestinian demonstrators, especially young people, on immense scale. An estimated amount of 57.000 were arrested by Israel authorities during the Intifada, a huge part of them became victim of torture and violence. Israeli forces used teargas, weapons, stones, sticks and bomb explosions against Palestinians. The Israeli tactics from this period led to a peak in Palestinian violence as well.

Between 9 December 1987 and 31 December 1993 an estimated number of 1282 Palestinians died and more than 130.472 became injured during the six year period of the Intifada. The houses of 2534 Palestinians got demolished by Israeli security forces. For every three Palestinians that died, less than one Israeli was killed. Most of the Palestinians who died were killed by Israeli security forces. The Israelis who died were killed by Palestinian civilians. Most Palestinians and Israelis died within the Palestinian occupied territories including: the Gaza strip, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. However, some of the victims that fell during this period of violence died within the Green Line.

The Intifada officially ended on the 13th of September 1993, when the Declaration of Principles was signed by the PLO and Israeli government at the White House in the USA. Israel recognized the PLO as Palestinian representative for the first time. The PLO agreed to renounce terrorism as a tactic to reach their goals and both parties decided to establish a Palestinian Authority that would get more responsibility and autonomy in the occupied territories. This declaration was also the start of the Oslo accords, in which Palestine and Israel would start to discuss the many issues on autonomy, borders, refugees and Jerusalem. The Oslo accords would last until 1995.

On 13 September 1993 the PLO and the Israeli government signed the Declaration of Principles. This marks the start of the Oslo Accords. These accords were held between 1993 and 1995. More general, the Oslo Accords consisted of several agreements between the PLO and the Israeli government. The Oslo accords were considered a huge breakthrough in the peace process between Palestine and Israel. However, many criticized or fully renounced the accords from the start. The signing of the Declaration marks the official end of the First Intifada

Scinax wandae

The Villavicencio snouted tree frog ("Scinax wandae") is a frog. It lives in South America. It lives on the llanos, which are grassy plains. It lives on the low llanos in Colombia and on the high llanos in the Andes mountains in Venezuela.

Branko Elsner

Branko Elsner (23 November 1929 – 17 November 2012) was a Slovenian football manager and player. He is best known for being the manager of the Austria national team twice.

As manager he had his first success with NK Olimpija Ljubljana. Then he went to Austria and became coach of Wacker Innsbruck. As manager he won the Austrian Bundesliga twice (1972, 1975) and the Austrian Cup (1970, 1975). In 1975 and from 1985 to 1988 he was manager of the Austria national football team.

In 1982 he did a doctorate and during the 1990s he was a teacher at the University of Ljubljana.

His son Marko Elsner and grandsons Luka Elsner and Rok Elsner were professional footballers.

Josef Molzer

Josef Molzer (28 February 1906 – September 1987) was an Austrian international footballer and coach.
He started with his local club SK Admira Wien. 1926 he went to SK Rapid Wien and after half a year to FK Austria Wien. After a short time with Floridsdorfer AC he came back to Austria Wien. In the next seven seasons he won twice th Austrian Cup and the Mitropacup 1933. In November 1934 he played one of his best matches when he scored both goals versus FC Liverpool in a 2:0 win during a tour through England. 1936 he went to First Vienna FC and 1938 he retired. In 1932 he played two matches for the Austria National football team versus Sweden and Hungary.

1946 he became coach of SK Sturm Graz. He won three times the Styrian title. Then he went to Germany where he became coach of Westfalia Herne and then TSV 1860 Munich. After that he was coach of the Austrian national football team. He could qualifie for the 1958 FIFA World Cup. 1960 he became coach of First Vienna FC.

Thibaud Gaudin

Thibaud Gaudin (1229 - 16 April 1292) was Grandmaster of the Knights Templar from 1291 until 16 April 1292.

Hungarians in Slovakia

Hungarians are the biggest minority group in Slovakia. According to the 2021 Slovak census, 422,065 people said they’re Hungarian, while 462,175 said that Hungarian was their native language.

Guillaume de Beaujeu

Guillaume de Beaujeu (1230 - May 1291) was Grandmaster of the Knights Templar from 1273 until 1291.

Árpád Feszty

Árpád Feszty (; 21 December 1856 – 1 June 1914) was a Hungarian painter. He is known for painting the "Arrival of the Hungarians" in 1894.

Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan

Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan (; born 11 March 1961), also known by his initials as MBZ, is the 3rd President of the United Arab Emirates and the Crown Prince of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi since 2022.

He was the Deputy Supreme Commander of the United Arab Emirates Armed Forces. He is seen as the main figure in the country's foreign policy and is a leader of a campaign against Islamist movements in the Arab World. His half-brother, Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, was the President of the United Arab Emirates.

Arrival of the Hungarians

The Arrival of the Hungarians () is a large cyclorama painting made mainly by Hungarian painter Árpád Feszty showing the beginning of the Hungarian conquest of the Carpathian Basin in 895. The painting was completed in 1894 for the 1000th anniversary of the event. 

Dominique Lecourt

Dominique Lecourt (; 5 February 1944 – 1 May 2022) was a French philosopher. He was known for his work creating an interpretation of the philosophy of science of Gaston Bachelard. He was honored with the National Order of the Legion of Honour. He was a professor at the Université Paris Diderot-Paris 7.

Ursula Braun-Moser

Ursula Braun-Moser (25 May 1937 – 2 May 2022) was a German politician. She was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany, Alternative for Germany, and later the Liberal Conservative Reformers. She was in the European Parliament from 1984 to 1989 and again from 1990 to 1994. She was born in Frankfurt, Germany.

Braun-Moser died in Bad Vilbel, Germany on 2 May 2022 at the age of 84.

Marian van der Meer

Marie Anne "Marian" van der Meer (18 May 1936 – 6 May 2022) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the Labour Party. She was in the Provincial States of North Holland from 1970 to 1982, and in the Senate from 1983 to 1995. She was born in Hengelo, Netherlands.

Meer died in Amsterdam on 6 May 2022 at the age of 85.

Fred Ward

Freddie Joe Ward (December 30, 1942 – May 8, 2022) was an American actor and producer. He was known for his roles in "Escape from Alcatraz", "Southern Comfort", "The Right Stuff", "", "Tremors" and "", "Henry & June", "The Player", "Swing Shift" and "Short Cuts".

Ward died on May 8, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at aged 79.

Titanic, Oklahoma

Titanic is a Census-designated place in Adair County, Oklahoma, United States. It had a population of 356 inhabitants in 2010, its name is probably due to the name of the British ocean liner RMS "Titanic".

Francesco Nucara

Francesco Nucara (3 April 1940 – 12 May 2022) was an Italian politician. He was born in Reggio Calabria, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Republican Party. Nucara was the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 until 1994 and again from 2006 until 2013.

Nucara died on 12 May 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 82.

Giorgio Pasetto

Giorgio Pasetto (4 July 1941 – 12 May 2022) was an Italian politician. He was member of Christian Democracy, the Italian People's Party, and Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy. He was President of Lazio from 1992 to 1994, was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1996 to 2006, and a Senator from 2006 to 2008. He was born in Nettuno, Italy.

Pasetto died in Rome, Italy on 12 May 2022 at the age of 80.

Nettuno

Nettuno is a town and "comune" of the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region of central Italy. It is south of Rome. 


Maria Pańczyk-Pozdziej

Maria Pańczyk-Pozdziej (10 January 1942 – 12 May 2022) was a Polish politician and journalist. She was a member of the Civic Platform. She was in the Senate of Poland from 2005 to 2019. Pańczyk-Pozdziej was born in Tarnowskie Góry, General Government, Germany.

Pańczyk-Pozdziej died on 12 May 2022 at the age of 80.

Karim Djoudi

Karim Djoudi (; 13 July 1958 – 13 May 2022) was Algerian politician. He was born in Montpellier, France. He was the Minister of Finance of Algeria from June 2007 to May 2014. In 2011 Djoudi froze the assets of Muammar Gaddafi in Algeria.

Djoudi died on 13 May 2022 at the age of 63.

Teresa Berganza

Teresa Berganza Vargas (16 March 1933 – 13 May 2022) was a Spanish mezzo-soprano. She was known for her roles as Rossini's Rosina and La Cenerentola, and Bizet's Carmen. 

She appeared as Zerlina in Joseph Losey's "Don Giovanni" movie in 1979. She took part in the opening ceremonies of Expo '92 in Seville and the opening ceremonies of the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

Berganza died on 13 May 2022 in San Lorenzo de El Escorial, Spain at the age of 89.

San Lorenzo de El Escorial

San Lorenzo de El Escorial, also known as El Escorial de Arriba, is a town and municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. It is from Madrid.

Itami


From Japanese census data,


Birkirkara

Birkirkara is a city in the central region of Malta. It is the second most populous city, with 24,356 people living there in 2020.

Birkirkara is twinned with:


Economic inequality

Economic inequality is the disparities in people's incomes and wealth. It affects standard of living for different socioeconomic classes in a given country, as how high one's income is often dictates what they can eat and how often they can eat, what type of dwelling they can live in (to the point of becoming homeless sometimes), quality of medical care etc. Government policies to alleviate such inequality, especially by alleviating poverty, or at least trying to alleviate it, can include universal healthcare, welfare, universal basic income, increasing or decreasing business regulations, etc.

Income inequality is when some people get far more income than other people. As of 2018, the countries of Scandinavia in northern Europe have some of the lowest levels of income inequality. Incomes are more unequal in the United States and even more so in the countries of southern Africa.

Both wealth and income inequality can be measured by the Gini coefficient.


American Action Network

The American Action Network is a center-right non-profit organization aligned to the Republican Party. The organization is a think tank and an advocacy group.

Friends of the Earth

Friends of the Earth is an international network environmentalist organizations in 73 countries. Affiliated organizations include Greenpeace and Sierra Club.


Sierra Club

Sierra Club is an environmentalist organization with Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth among others.


Nursing home

A nursing home is a long term hospital for those too sick and or frail to take care of themselves. These facilities are for those who need intensive hospital-like care for longer than the typical recovery hospital stay. Nursing homes are primarily geared towards older people or senior citizens and 3 to 5 months is the average length of stay. Nursing homes provide more intensive care than most typical assisted living facilities.

Elder abuse happens more in nursing homes than elsewhere.

Poorhouse

A poorhouse, alms house or poor farm was a facility that offered meals and living accommodation for people too poor to live on their own. Residents were often required to do manual labor to earn their keep and generally had few rights at all. These facilities were in existence and operation primarily from the medieval period to the early 20th century, after which point societal welfare programs and homeless shelters largely replaced them.

See also Workhouse

Life extension

Life extension (also indefinite life extension or biological immortality) is the catch-all term for drastically increasing people's lifespans by halting or reversing aging. Because aging has multiple causes and symptoms, any successful indefinite life extension program would have to include multiple medications, supplement pills, therapies and other procedures. It could even include molecular nanobots to repair damage brought on by aging. This life expectancy extension is currently impossible but futurists say such procedures, therapies, etc should be available in the 2030s or 2040s.

Anti-aging

Anti-aging can refer to something like a lotion or cream designed to make someone look younger.

The term anti-aging can also mean the currently theoretical technologies and medical procedures that result is life extension by halting or reversing aging.

I Want It All

I Want It All is the third studio album by Warren G. The album was released on October 12, 1999.

Helicopter shot

The helicopter shot is an unorthodox cricket shot by hitting the ball of a wristy flick, using the bottom-hand as the dominant force, shot which can hit a yorker for a six. This shot was introduced by former captain of the Indian national cricket team, MS Dhoni.

International Mathematical Congress

The 1893 International Mathematical Congress was an event that came before the International Congress of Mathematicians. It took place from August 21 to August 26, 1893 in Chicago. It was held in connection with the World's Columbian Exposition.

It is not considered part of the International Congress of Mathematicians because 41 of the 45 participants were from the United States. The mathematician Felix Klein brought articles by German, French, Austrian, Italian, and Swiss mathematicians for publication in the "Proceedings of Congress".

Felix Klein delivered the opening speech at the International Mathematical Congress. The speech was called "The Present State of Mathematics". It contained a "manifesto" for future international cooperation mathematicians.

Klein was a strong believer in international collaboration in mathematics. Georg Cantor, whose efforts led to the founding of the German Mathematical Society, believed in the same. Their goals were the same, but they were both motivated by different personal reasons. Cantor felt that his close colleagues were unfairly criticizing his work, so he wanted a bigger platform to promote his ideas. Klein had strong ideas about math education and math research, and he was a great organizer who wanted to see his ideas on a bigger stage.

1983–85 North American drought

A severe and very intense drought developed across North America during mid-spring 1983. It had several strong heat waves across large sections of the United States and southern Canada. The intense heat spells and conditions of drought lasted until Autumn 1985. Several places (the Quad Cities, St. Louis, Kansas City and Cedar Rapids being some of them) recorded their all time highest temperature in these areas.

The North American Drought of 1983–85 might have begun in April 1983. Dry conditions severely affected a number of states across the Midwest and the Great Plains. Many states also experienced a heat wave in the summer months of the first drought year. Temperatures were or higher in multiple areas. Later in 1983 and the two following years, dry conditions began affecting south-central Canada as well, particularly Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. The drought may have been caused under a weak-to-moderate La Niña. That spell may have developed during the mid-spring of 1983.

Almost all the counties in the State of Indiana and large sections in Illinois were given a drought disaster declaration because of dangerous heat spells. Very dry conditions were also present alongside the heat. In Kentucky, the Drought of 1983 was second to worst in the 20th century. A large number of trees and shrubs became dormant during the drought and heat.

From 1983 to 1985 dry conditions also affected parts of the Middle Atlantic. The drought during those two plus years affected Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey, parts of New England and eastern New York State.

In parts of south-central Canada between spring 1983 to early Autumn 1985, drought led to poor crops. That was mainly in Alberta, Manitoba and several regions of Saskatchewan. June 1983 was somewhat wet for these areas. In July it was almost the opposite. August, Autumn and the following two years were also mainly hot and dry in the same areas.

Very intense heat waves affected large areas of the United States from Spring 1983 to mid-Autumn 1985. Missouri, Illinois and Kentucky were hit by severe heat. The heat and dryness also stretched across the Southeastern and Mid Atlantic areas. They included Newark, New Jersey, Philadelphia and New York City. Other affected states were Nebraska, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Kansas. There were 500 to 700 deaths due to the heat.

Scinax sugillatus

The Quevedo snouted tree frog ("Scinax sugillatus") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador and Colombia on the Pacific (western) side of the mountains. Scientists have seen it as high as 500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 39.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45.5 mm long. This frog is brown on the back and whitish on the belly. It has black coloring on its middle with stripes. The stripes are bright blue and bright green.

The Latin name of this frog means "blue and black."

María Elena Durazo

María Elena Durazo (born March 20, 1953) is a Mexican-American politician. She is a California State Senator. She represents people living in Central Los Angeles and East Los Angeles. That is the 24th State Senate district. She was a labor organizer. She was the first female leader of the Los Angeles County Labor Federation. Durazo is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Durazo was born in 1953. Her family traveled between California and Oregon harvesting crops. Her parents had eleven children. She was the seventh child in the family. She graduated from St. Mary's College in 1975. After several years of working, Durazo completed a law degree from the People's College of Law.

At college she got involved in the Chicano Movement.

In 1983 Durazo started work as an organizer for the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees Union (UNITE HERE). It was called the International Ladies Garment Workers Union at that time. 

In the 1980s the union leaders were trying to decide if they wanted to help immigrants who were taking jobs in the Unite States. Some union leaders thought that immigration was bad for older union members. Durazo did not want national union organizations to make all the decisions for people in Los Angeles. Many of the workers in Los Angeles were immigrants. Durazo fought for local union chapters to have some independent power. 

In 1989, Durazo was elected President of her local HERE chapter, Local 11. During that time, she was became a member of the Executive Board of HERE International Union. In 2004 she was elected the Executive Vice President of UNITE-HERE International. She was also the National Director of the Immigrant Workers' Freedom Ride (2003), was on the National AFL-CIO's Immigration Committee (2000-2004), and continues to be a Chair of National AFL-CIO's Immigration Committee.

She was the treasurer of the Los Angeles County Labor Federation, AFL-CIO, from 2006-2014. She was appointed to the job when the serving head resigned because he was caught cheating in the elections. However, she was reelected as President in 2010. Durazo continues to serve as the Executive Vice President of the governing Executive Council of the national AFL-CIO.

Los Angeles Mayors Tom Bradley, Richard Riordan, and Antonio Villaraigosa all appointed Durazo to city commissions. She served as a vice chair for the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Durazo was a co-chair for both of President Barack Obama's presidential campaigns.

Durazo was elected to the State Senate in 2018. She is the chair of the Latino Legislative Caucus.

In 1987 she married Miguel Contreras. He was also a labor organizer.

Law of Ukraine &quot;To ensure the functioning of the Ukrainian language as the State language&quot;

The law of Ukraine "To ensure the functioning of the Ukrainian language as a state language" (in Ukrainian : "Закон України «Про забезпечення функціонування української мови як державної»") is a law approved by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on April 25, 2019, and which took full effect on July 16 of the same year. 
The law was passed by 278 votes of the People's Deputies. 38 voted against, 7 abstained, 25 didn't vote. It was signed by Parliament President (speaker) Andriy Parubiy and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.
Before this law, Ukrainian language was regulated by the "On Principles of State Language Policy" (so-called "Kivalov-Kolesnichenko Law"). After the Maidan's Revolution (in Ukrainian ": Революції Гідності", "Dignity Revolution" or "Revolution of Dignity"), an attempt was made to repeal it, but the then President of Parliament did not sign the Council's decision, citing the need to draft a new law first. The Kivalov-Kolesnichenko law was declared unconstitutional and, to replace it, the bill 5670-d was prepared and approved in the first reading in Autumn 2018. Public activists and experts participated in drafting the law. The new law awards the status of the Ukrainian language as the only state language in Ukraine. 

According to some, the end of the Kivalov-Kolesnichenko law caused a crackdown on Russian-speaking regions (Odessa, Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkov, Luhansk and Donetsk ) that led to attacks to the Russian population.

The law provides for the creation of the following institutions:



Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic

The Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic (Kirghiz SSR; Kyrgyz: Кыргыз Советтик Социалисттик Республикасы, romanized: Kyrgyz Sovettik Sotsialisttik Respublikasy; Russian: Киргизская Советская Социалистическая Республика, romanized: Kirgizskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika), also commonly known as the Kyrgyzstan and Soviet Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz: Кыргызстан, Советтик Кыргызстан, romanized: Kyrgyzstan, Sovettik Kyrgyzstan) in the Kyrgyz language and as Kirghizia and Soviet Kirghizia (Russian: Киргизия, Советская Киргизия, romanized: Kirgiziya, Sovetskaya Kirgiziya) in the Russian language, was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union (USSR) from 1936 to 1991.

Citations

Harold Jones (murderer)

Harold Jones (11 January 1906 – 1971) was a British child murderer who killed two preadolescent girls in Monmouthshire, Wales, in 1921, when he was aged 15.

He was believed to be the London serial killer Jack the Stripper.

Presbyterian Senior High School, Osu

The Presbyterian Secondary School, Osu was made in 1956 in one of the Old Basel Missionary Buildings at the foot of Kuku Hill of Osu. 
The motives of establishing the school are:


Grampy Can Ya Hear Me

Grampy Can Ya Hear Me is the fifth episode of The Simpsons (season 29), the six-hundred and twenty-third episode overall.

It originally aired on November 5 2017 The episode was written by Bill Odenkirk and directed by Bob Anderson.

Bra, Piedmont

Bra is an Italian city in Piedmont. It is in the Province of Cuneo. About 29,800 people live there.

Schwäbisch Gmünd

Schwäbisch Gmünd is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

About 60,000 people live there. It is the second-largest town in the Ostalbkreis, after Aalen.

Canteleu

Canteleu is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in northwest France.

Bodie, California

Bodie is a ghost town located in California. There were 11 people living there in a 2020 census.

Lake City

Lake City may refer to:

Lake City, as a city nickname, may also refer to any of the following cities:


Centerville, California

Centerville may refer to:


Groton City, New York

Groton is a town in Tompkins County, New York, United States.

Ron Jones

Ron Jones (born July 7, 1954 in Kansas City, Kansas) is an American songwriter & composer known for writing music for television shows such as Star Trek: The Next Generation, Duck Tales, American Dad! and Family Guy.

2022 Buffalo shooting

On May 14, 2022, a mass shooting took place in Buffalo, New York, United States, at a Tops Friendly Markets store, a supermarket in the East Side neighborhood. Ten black people were killed and three others were injured.

The FBI says the attack was a racist hate crime because eleven of the people injured were black while the shooter is white. A suspect was arrested by the police. The white suspect was identified as Payton S. Gendron. He is believed to be a white supremacist.

Mountain tapir

The mountain tapir, also known as the Andean tapir or woolly tapir, is the smallest of the four widely recognized species of tapir. It is the only one to live outside of tropical rainforests in the wild. It is most easily distinguished from other tapirs by its thick woolly coat and white lips.

Alan Smart

Alan Smart (born October 10, 1963) best known for his work as the supervising director on SpongeBob SquarePants, which he has been involved with since the horror and series, and as assistant director and layout artist on The Simpsons (he also received credit as a director in the season three and twenty-second episode, "Flaming Moe's<br>500 Keys").

He has done animation for the Nicktoons CatDog, Hey Arnold, Rocko's Modern Life, Ren and Stimpy and FOX TV Shows King of the Hill director in 2001 Chasing Bobby season 5 episode 9 and The Simpsons director in 2011 episode 500 Keys

The Simpsons episodes directors (1991-2011) November 21, 1991
Bobby World episodes

Stefania (song)

"Stefania" (, ) is a 2022 song by Ukrainian folk-rap group Kalush Orchestra. 

The song represented Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. It is the third song sung entirely in Ukrainian to represent the country at Eurovision, but the second to actually compete at the contest. 

It won the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 with 631 points, making it the first rap song to win the contest.

Henry Coke Morgan Jr.

Henry Coke Morgan Jr. (February 8, 1935 – May 1, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia from 1992 until his death. Morgan Jr. was born in Norfolk, Virginia. In 1991, he was nominated to the court by President George H. W. Bush.

Morgan Jr. died on May 1, 2022 in Virginia Beach, Virginia at the age of 87.

Egidio Alagna

Egidio Alagna (31 October 1935 – 3 May 2022) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 to 1992. He was born in Marsala, Italy. 

Alagna died in Palermo, Italy on 3 May 2022 at the age of 86.

Lil Keed

Raqhid Jevon Render (March 16, 1998 – May 13, 2022), known professionally as Lil Keed, was an American rapper. He was signed to Young Thug's record label YSL Records. His song "Nameless" reached number 42 on the "Billboard" Hip Hop/R&B Songs Airplay chart.

Render died on May 13, 2022 at the age of 24.


Andrei Babushkin

Andrei Vladimirovich Babushkin (; 28 January 1964 – 14 May 2022) was a Russian publicist, politician, sociologist and human rights activist. He was a member of Yabloko. He was on the Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights from 2012 to 2022. He was born in Moscow Oblast, Soviet Union.

Babushkin died of pancreatitis in Moscow, Russia on 14 May 2022 at the age of 58.


Bernard Bigot

Bernard Bigot (24 January 1950 – 14 May 2022) was a French academic and civil servant. He was the Director-General of the ITER organization from 2015 until his death. He was the president of the École normale supérieure de Lyon, and director of the French Commission for Atomic Energy. Bigot was born in Blois, France.

Bigot died on 14 May 2022 at the age of 72.

Valerio Onida

Valerio Onida (30 March 1936 – 14 May 2022) was an Italian jurist, politician and constitutional law professor. He was the Judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy from 1996 until 2005 and President of the Court from September 2004 to January 2005. Onida was born in Milan, Italy.

Onida died on 14 May 2022 in Milan at the age of 86.

Maxi Rolón

Maximiliano 'Maxi' Brian Rolón (19 January 1995 – 14 May 2022) was an Argentine professional footballer. He played as a left winger. Rolón was born in Rosario, Argentina. He played for the Argentina U20 team from 2014 until 2015 and made seven appearances. He played for FC Barcelona B twenty-four times from 2014 until 2016.

Rolón was killed in a car crash on 14 May 2022 in Casilda, Argentina at the age of 27.


Casilda

Casilda is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. 35,058 people lived here in 2010.



Uri Savir

Uri Savir (; 7 January 1953 – 14 May 2022) was an Israeli politician and diplomat. He was born in Jerusalem, Israel. He was a member of the Centre Party and New Way. From 1999 to 2001, he was a member of the Knesset. From 2001 until 2005, he was the Ambassador to Eritrea. He was the chief negotiator of the Oslo Accords.

Savir died on 14 May 2022 at the age of 69.

David West (baseball)

David Lee West (September 1, 1964 – May 14, 2022), was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee. West played for the Major League Baseball from 1988 until 1998. He played for the New York Mets, Minnesota Twins, Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Red Sox. 

West died on May 14, 2022 from glioblastoma at the age of 57.

Summer Lee

Summer L. Lee (born November 26, 1987) is an American community organizer and Democratic politician who is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district since 2023. She was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 34th district from 2019 to 2022. Lee is the first black woman to represent Southwestern Pennsylvania in the state legislature.

In October 2021, Lee announced her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives for the 18th congressional district. In February 2022, Lee announced that she would run in the newly-redrawn 12th congressional district. She won the Democratic nomination in May 2022. She won the general election in November 2022.

Lee born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and was raised in North Braddock, Pennsylvania. She graduated from Pennsylvania State University in 2009 and from the Howard University School of Law in 2015. She campaigned for Bernie Sanders in the 2016 Democratic primaries after graduating.

North Braddock, Pennsylvania

North Braddock is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The 2020 census had the borough population at 4,320.

Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania

Mechanicsburg is a borough in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is 8 miles (13 km) west of Harrisburg. It is part of the Harrisburg–Carlisle metropolitan statistical area. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 9,311. 

SV Seekirchen

SV Seekirchen is a football club from Seekirchen, a city in Salzburg. The club is playing in Regionalliga Salzburg, the 3rd level of Austrian soccer.

The club was founded 1945 as Union Seekirchen and started playing in the leaguesystem in 1946. 1997 they reached the Regionalliga (3rd level) for the first time.


SV Seekirchen is known for developing young players. 

Republic of Croatia (1990–1991)

The Republic of Croatia was a republic within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1990 and 1991. The creation of a republic based on democracy occurred in 1990 when elections were held. Franjo Tuđman was elected President of Croatia that year. He promised independence if reforms were not introduced. While generally heading towards independence, the government attempted negotiations with the Serbian government one last time: the idea was to create a confederal Yugoslavia where Croatia and other republics would be autonomous and powers would be decentralized. This was not accepted.
From 1990 to 1991, Croatia faced political crisis within Yugoslavia as Serb-populated areas attempted to form an enclave called Serbian Krajina which intended to separate from Croatia if Croatia itself attempted to separate. The Serb leadership in Krajina refused to recognize the government of the Republic of Croatia as having sovereignty over them. The crisis began with the Log Revolution as Croatian Serbs cut down trees which they used to block roads. This hampered Croatian tourism and caused alarm in the province of Dalmatia as Croatia was hosting the 1990 European Athletics Championships in Split.
Croatia's status as a constituent republic ended in 1991. In a referendum on independence, a majority of Croatians wanted independence from Yugoslavia (93% of the total number of votes). Serb-controlled areas of Croatia became part of the unrecognized Republic of Serbian Krajina, which would not be under Croatian control until 1995. Its main part was liberated by Croatian forces in 1995 (Operation Storm); a part remained in eastern Slavonia under United Nations (UN) administration until its peaceful reincorporation into Croatia in 1998.


Federal State of Croatia

Federal State of Croatia ("Federalna Država Hrvatska" in Croatian) was proclaimed on May 9 1944 (3rd session of ZAVNOH). It changed its name to People's Republic of Croatia ("Narodna Republika Hrvatska" in Croatian) on November 29 1945. 

Dubrovnik Republic (1991)

The Dubrovnik Republic () was a Serb proto-state during the Siege of Dubrovnik in the Croatian War of Independence. It was self proclaimed by the Yugoslav People's Army on 15 October 1991, in occupied areas of Croatia, after being captured by members of 2nd Corps of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA). Its provisional president was Aleksandar Aco Apolonio. 
The territory did not correspond to the pre-1808 Republic of Ragusa borders, stretching from Neum (Bosnia and Herzegovina's only coastal town) to Prevlaka (on Croatia's maritime border with Montenegro). They only existed in the occupied villages Cavtat and Konavle. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) during the trial of Serbian President Slobodan Milošević, identified the Dubrovnik Republic as being part of several regions in Croatia that Milošević sought to be incorporated into a "Serb-dominated state". The ICTY said that the JNA's campaign in the Dubrovnik region was aimed at securing territory for this entity.

Supernoobs

Supernoobs is a Canadian animated series produced by WildBrain Studios for Cartoon Network in the U.S, U.K and worldwide, Teletoon (Season 1 only) and following by Season 2, the show started airing on Family Channel and was created by Scott Fellows who also created Johnny Test. It first aired in the U.K and Ireland on November 2, 2015 before airing in the U.S on December 7, 2015. The show follows 4 middle school kids who get battleballs and now have to fight the virus. 


Bang Bros

Bang Bros (stylized BangBros) is a pornographic film studio in Miami, Florida, United States.


Republic of Ragusa

The Republic of Ragusa (; ; ; ; ) was an Italian trading republic. Its capital was in Dubrovnik, Croatia. It existed from the 14th century to the 19th century, when it was conquered by Napoleon

Johann Georg Pisendel

Johann Georg Pisendel (5 January 1688 – 25 November 1755) was a German composer and violinist. 

Pisendel was born in Cadolzburg. His father, Simon, was a cantor and organist. He became a choir singer in Ansbach when he was ten years old. He learned to play the violin with Giuseppe Torelli.

He went to Leipzig to study the law. He met Johann Sebastian Bach in Weimar. In 1712, he became a violinist in the Dresden court. He went to Venice in 1716. He studied with Antonio Vivaldi. They became good friends. He returned to Dresden in 1717. He became the "Konzertmeister" of Dresden's court orchestra in 1728. 

In 1755, he died in Dresden. People thought he was one of the greatest violinists. Many composers, such as Vivaldi, Telemann and Albinoni wrote music for him.

Darul Islam (Indonesia)

Darul Islam (meaning "House of Islam" ), also known as Darul Islam/Islamic Armed Forces of Indonesia (, DI/TII) was an Islamist group in Indonesia. They fought for the establishment of an Islamic state of Indonesia. 
It was established in 1942 by a group of Muslim militias. The group recognised only "Shari'a" as a valid source of law. The movement has produced splinters and offshoots that range from Jemaah Islamiyah to non-violent religious groups.



Andreas Ibertsberger

Andreas Ibertsberger (born 27 July 1982) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a left-back. He was a member of the Austria national team. Ibertsberger is a younger brother of former national team player Robert Ibertsberger.

He started his career with his local club SV Seekirchen. Then he went on to SV Austria Salzburg. In January 2005 he went on to SC Freiburg. In January 2008 he moved to 1899 Hoffenheim. With Hoffenheim he was promoted to the German Bundesliga.

On 15 May 2012 the contract expired. He had missed most matches of the 2011–12 season with a chronic back problem. 2013 he went to MSV Duisburg in the 2.League. After this he ended his career.

Ibertsberger made his debut for Austria in an October 2004 World Cup qualification match against Northern Ireland.

He started as assistance coach for the second team of TSG Hoffenheim. Then he went on to Eintracht Frankfurt, where he is assistance coach of the U19 team.


Chechen Republic of Ichkeria

The Chechen Republic of Ichkeria (; ; ; shortened to "ChRI" or "CRI") was a country that declared independence from Russia and controlled most of the former Checheno-Ingush ASSR from 1991 to 2000. It became a part of Russia during the Second Chechen War.

Guangxu Emperor

Emperor Guangxu (14 August 1871 – 14 November 1908), personal name Zaitian, was the tenth Emperor of the Qing dynasty, and the ninth Qing emperor to rule over China proper. His reign lasted from 1875 to 1908, but in practice he ruled, without Empress Dowager Cixi's influence, only from 1889 to 1898. He initiated the Hundred Days' Reform, but was abruptly stopped when the empress dowager launched a coup in 1898, after which he became powerless and was held under house arrest until his death. His era name, "Guangxu", means "glorious succession". He was involved in the First Sino-Japanese War from 1894-1895,and the Boxer Rebellion from 1899-1901 .

Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic

The Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Checheno-Ingush ASSR) was an autonomous republic within the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. They existed from 1936 to 1944 and again from 1957 to 1992. Its capital was Grozny.
As of the 1979 census, the territory had an area of and a population of 611,405 being Chechens, 134,744 Ingush, and the rest being Russians and other ethnic groups.

Plant colour

Plant colors are very noticeable, especially in flowering plants, and especially the color green. Plants are green because it is a functional color. They photosynthesise, and the chlorophyll they use happens to be green. However, flowering plants show many other colors. Blue is quite rare, though bluebells are a famous exception. Apparently the color is difficult to make by the usual plant biochemistry. It is also rare in animals, so if it is difficult for plants to make, presumably it is difficult for animals to make.

Color can be made in two ways. There are pigments which show a particular color, and there are structural colors.

Plant pigments make the plants show colors. The main pigments are:

There are also structural colors, although they are less common. They are caused by reflecting iridescent color from a multi-layered surface. Butterfly wings are a typical example.

Some particular types of animals and plants have evolved color systems which are unique. 

In the course of evolution, many other colorful molecules have been used by plants and animals. In bacteria, dinoflagellates and fungi, for instance, many other color-causing compounds have been used. Sometimes the color is just incidental, and sometimes it has a function on the life of the organism.

At first, no animals existed which could see colors. At that stage, colors on plants, etc. were incidental by-products of their physiology. The evolution of color vision undoubtedly had an effect on the colors of plants and animals, but we have little evidence of this early stage. We know from the plants and animals of today that color vision is very important.


Eurovision Song Contest 2023

The Eurovision Song Contest 2023 was the 67th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. The competition was held in Liverpool, United Kingdom. 

Thirty-seven countries took part overall. The winner was Loreen, representing Sweden with the song "Tattoo". This is the second time she has won the contest. She first won in 2012. 

Ukraine won the 2022 contest, represented by Kalush Orchestra, but it was unable to host the competition due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. For this reason, the UK hosted the contest as they were the runners-up in 2022. 

The contest was held at the Liverpool Arena. There were two semi-finals on 9 and 11 May, and the final on 13 May 2023. In total, 37 countries competed. The two semi-finals were hosted by Hannah Waddingham, Julia Sanina and Alesha Dixon, who all returned to host the final alongside Graham Norton. 


As per the rules of Eurovision, the Grand Final will consist of 26 countries. These include the previous winning country (Ukraine), the Big Five countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) and ten countries from each semi-final.

The first semi-final took place on 9 May 2023 at 20:00 BST (21:00 CEST). Fifteen countries participated in the first semi-final, from which ten qualified for the final. Those countries plus France, Germany and Italy, as well as countries not participating in the contest under a combined "Rest of the World" vote, voted in this semi-final. The ten countries with the most votes qualified.

The first semi-final took place on 11 May 2023 at 20:00 BST (21:00 CEST). Sixteen countries participated in the second semi-final, from which ten qualified for the final. The semi-final countries plus Spain, Ukraine and United Kingdom, as well as countries not participating in the contest under a combined "Rest of the World" vote, voted in this semi-final. The ten countries with the most votes qualified. 

The final took place on 13 May 2023 at 20:00 BST (21:00 CEST). Twenty-six countries participated in the final. These were the twenty countries that passed the semi-finals, and six other countries: the Big Five (France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom) and previous winner Ukraine. 
The winner was Sweden with the song "Tattoo". It was performed by Loreen, who had already won Eurovision 2012 with the song "Euphoria". "Tattoo" was written by Loreen along with Jimmy "Joker" Thörnfeldt, Jimmy Jansson, Moa Carlebecker, Peter Boström and Thomas G:son. Loreen became the second performer to win the contest twice, after Johnny Logan. Sweden won the contest for the seventh time, tying Ireland's record for the most wins in the contest. The other countries in the Top Ten were Finland, Israel, Italy, Norway, Ukraine, Belgium, Estonia, Australia and Czechia. 
Each country had a panel of music experts called ‘jurors’ who awarded a set of points on a scale of 12, 10 and 8 to 1 to their ten favourite songs, with 12 going to the first, 10 to the second and 8 to 1 to the third to tenth. The same system was used for each country’s televote and the points were added together to find a winner.

Manfred Pamminger

Manfred Pamminger (born December 28, 1977) was an Austrian football player.

Pamminger started with his local club SV Seekirchen. His professional career started with SV Austria Salzburg. Then he played for SV Braunau, Austria Lustenau, SCR Altach and some other teams. In 2011–12 he played for the second team of FC Red Bull Salzburg, Red Bull Juniors. He ended his career as a player for USC Eugendorf in the Regionalliga West (3rd level). After the end of his career he became team manager of the newly founded FC Liefering

Second Intifada

The Second intifada was a Palestinian uprising against Israeli occupation. The period of the Second Intifada is marked from September 2000 until February 2005, even though opinions may differ about when it ended. An Intifada is an uprising or "the shaking of" against a power. The Second Intifada was more violent than the first. The second Intifada is considered part of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and it was succeeded by the First (Palestinian) Intifada that lasted from 1987 until 1993.

After the First Intifada ended in 1993, there was still a lot of discontent among the Palestinians. They didn't agree with how the Oslo Accords were followed by Israel. The Palestinians thought these accords would mean the end of the Israeli occupation, in reality this did not happen. When the Israeli premier Ariel Sharon visited the Temple Mount, where among other things the Al-Aqsa Mosque is placed, it was the last straw for the Palestinians. This is why some people also call this uprising the 'Al-Aqsa Intifada'. The cause of the Second Intifada was years of building tension between Israel and Palestine. A reason why it erupted so quickly was because the Palestinian politician Yasser Arafat suggested that it would improve the conditions for the Palestinians.

The Second Intifada began with Palestinian demonstrations. These started in Jerusalem, but quickly spread to the West Bank. In the beginning the Palestinians mostly threw rocks and were not obedient towards the Israelis, the Israelis were heavily armed. This caused more tension between the two parties and this led to more violence: after one month, 141 Palestinians and 12 Israelis were killed. Many incidents happening on both sides caused even more friction. An example of these incidents is Muhammad al-Durrah, the Palestinian boy that hid behind his father but eventually got shot and was killed, all caught on camera.

Compared to the First Intifada, in the Second Intifada the Palestinians used other, more deadly tactics. Some of them were suicide bombings, snipers and rocket attacks. These increased forms of violence began after the heavy resistance by Israeli forces in the beginning.

In 2002, during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government decided to build a barrier between Israel and the West Bank. This was to protect the Israeli citizens from Palestinian suicide attacks, which occurred often in this period.

Another important event during the Second Intifada was the Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. This happened after things escalated between Hamas and the Israeli occupiers, which resulted in many deaths on both sides. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ‎saw the dangers of the occupation and wanted to disengage. This would be the safest option for Israel. His first announcement of disengaging was in 2003, the disengagement only started in 2005. Israel withdrew its settlements and settlers from Gaza. Ever since, the Gaza Strip is blocked by Israel. This restricts the movement of goods and people and caused a humanitarian crisis in the Gaza strip.

In 2005, after more than 5 years, the Second Intifada came to an end. In 2004 the intensity of the uprising was already fading. This was because of the Palestinians becoming weary, struggling against the strong lasting Israeli defense.

The Second Intifada was more violent than the first one, causing over 3000 Palestinian and nearly 1000 Israeli deaths.

Hydrocodone

Hydrocodone is a drug used to treat pain and as a cough suppressant. It is taken by mouth.

Princess Haya bint Hussein

Princess Haya bint Hussein (; born 3 May 1974) is the daughter of King Hussein of Jordan and his third wife Queen Alia. She is the half-sister of King Abdullah II.

In 2004, Princess Haya became the second official wife of the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. In 2019, they divorced and Princess Haya left Dubai with the two children of the marriage to live in the United Kingdom.

Title

3 May 1974 Her Royal Highness Princess Haya bint Al-Hussein 

Princess Muna al-Hussein

Princess Muna Al-Hussein (, born Toni Avril Gardiner; 25 April 1941) is the mother of King Abdullah II of Jordan. She was the second wife of King Hussein. The couple divorced on 21 December 1972. 

She is British by birth, and changed her name to Muna Al-Hussein after her royal marriage.

Latifa bint Mohammed Al Maktoum

Sheikha Latifa bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (; born 5 December 1985) is an Emirati sheikha and a member of the Dubai ruling family. Her father, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, is the Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, and her mother, Huriah Ahmed al M'aash is from Algeria. 

She has two half-sisters with the same name.

Sheikha Latifa escaped from Dubai in late February 2018 and was forcibly returned from international waters near the Indian coast by a joint India–Emirates operation on 4 March 2018. In December 2018, the Dubai royal court said that she was back in Dubai. She was believed to be held against her will under the order of her father, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. 

In August 2021 and after Latifa had been photographed in public places in Dubai, Spain and Iceland, the #FreeLatifa campaign, which had lasted three and a half years, came to an end when she was allowed to leave Dubai. In February 2022, it was reported she was living in Paris, France.

Liza Araneta Marcos

Louise "Liza" Cacho Araneta–Marcos (born 21 August 1959) is a Filipino lawyer and academic. She is known for being the wife of Bongbong Marcos. She became the First Lady of the Philippines in June 2022.

Araneta–Marcos taught law in various universities in the Philippines such as Mariano Marcos State University, Saint Louis University, Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila, Northwestern University, and Far Eastern University.

She was a strategist for her husband's presidential campaign in the 2022 Philippine elections.

Araneta–Marcos married her husband in April 17, 1993. They have three children; including Congressman Sandro Marcos.

Lake City, California

Lake City, California may refer to:

Honeylet Avanceña

Cielito "Honeylet" Salvador Avanceña (born February 17, 1970) is a Filipina businesswoman. She is best known for being the current partner of former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Avanceña and Duterte have been in a relationship since at least 1996 and have a daughter named Veronica.

Shortly after the inauguration of his husband as president, Avanceña was not named as First Lady. Her step-daughter Sara was proposed to fulfill the role instead who did not accept the offer. Avanceña would carry out the roles usually done by the First Lady.

Mt. Lebanon, Pennsylvania

Mt. Lebanon is a township with home rule status in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 34,075 at the 2020 census. 
It is a suburb of Pittsburgh.

Scinax camposseabrai

Scinax camposseabrai is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Jewett City, Connecticut

Jewett City is a borough in northern New London County, Connecticut. It is in the eastern part of the state near the Rhode Island state line. Jewett City is part of the town of Griswold. At the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 3,328.

Jewett City was named for Eliezer Jewett. He founded a settlement in this region in 1771.

Kampung Naga

Kampung Naga is a hamlet in the Salawu district in Tasikmalaya Regency in the province of West Java, Indonesia.

Grünberg, Hesse

Grünberg is a town in Gießen in Hessen, Germany.

Quill Award

The Quill Award was an American literary award that ran for three years in 2005-2007. it was created to inspire reading while promoting Literacy.




The foundation awarded a Quills Corporate Literacy Award to Verizon for its support of Literacy programs in the United States

Pastoralism

Pastoralism is a form of animal husbandry where domesticated animals known as Livestock are released onto large vegetated outdoor lands (pastures) for grazing, historically by nomadic people who moved around with their herds. The species involved include cattle, camels, goats, yaks, llamas, reindeer, horse and sheep.

Human musculoskeletal system

The human musculoskeletal system (also known as the human locomotor system, and previously the activity system) is an organ system that gives humans the ability to move using their muscular and skeletal systems. also The musculoskeletal system provides form, support, stability, and movement to the body.

It is made up of the bones of the skeleton, muscles, cartilage.

Orthopedic surgery

Orthopedic surgery or orthopedics (alternatively spelt orthopaedics), is the branch of Surgery concerned with conditions involving the musculoskeletal system. Orthopedic surgeons use both surgical and nonsurgical means to treat musculoskeletal trauma, degenerative diseases, infections, tumors, and congenital disorders among others.

Bill Mallon

William James Mallon (born February 2, 1952) is an American orthopedic surgeon, former professional golfer and a leading authority on the history of the Olympic Games.

Matewan

Matewan is a 1987 American historical drama movie directed by John Sayles and starring Chris Cooper, James Earl Jones, Mary McDonnell, Will Oldham, David Strathairn, Kevin Tighe, Gordon Clapp. It was distributed by Cinecom Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988.


Cayuta, New York

Cayuta is a hamlet and town in Schuyler County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 510 people lived there.

Cayuta occupies the southeastern corner of the county. It is northeast of Elmira. The town is part of the Elmira Metropolitan Statistical Area.



Brokedown Palace

Brokedown Palace is a 1999 American mystery drama movie directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Claire Danes, Kate Beckinsale, Bill Pullman, Lou Diamond Phillips, Jacqueline Kim, Daniel Lapaine, Paul Walker. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (movie)

Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a movie based on the book . The black comedy movie was filmed in 1998 and the main characters are "Raoul Duke" and "Dr Gonzo" played by Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro respectively. Raoul Duke wears a fisherman's hat and yellow tinted aviator glasses. The movie details the duo's journey to Las Vegas with purely journalistic intentions that then quickly devolve into a psychedelic exploration of the city.

Affair of the Poisons

The Affair of the Poisons was a murder scandal that occurred during the reign of and against King Louis the Fourteenth of France, under which prominent members of the French aristocracy were implicated and accused of trying to assassinate the king.

Saint-Lazare Prison

Prison Saint-Lazaire was a jail in Paris's 10th arrondissement, most notorious as being one of the places where the man with the iron mask was immured.

Arrondissement

An arrondissement is a district of a French city, especially Paris. It forms part of a French department.

Jean-Baptiste Colbert

Jean-Baptiste Colbert was a French statesman who served as Minister of State from 1661 until his death in 1683.


Young Democratic Socialists of America

The Young Democratic Socialists of America is the youth/student wing of the organization Democratic Socialists of America.

Labour movement

The Labour movement or labor movement is a social and political movement advocating the well-being of laborers and workers.


Laborer

A laborer or labourer is a worker who does manual labor jobs for a living.

New American Movement

The New American Movement was an American multi-tendency organization advocating socialism and third-wave feminism. It existed from 1971 to 1983.

The Mummy and the Hummingbird

The Mummy and the Hummingbird is a lost 1915 American silent drama movie directed by James Durkin and starring Charles Cherry, Arthur Hoops, Lillian Tucker, Claire Zobelle, Nina Lindsey. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

New Atlantis

New Atlantis can mean


Seastead

A seastead is a hypothetical floating settlement on the ocean, especially in international waters primarily to test out alternative systems of governance, especially of the libertarian variety.

New Atlantis (book)

New Atlantis is an unfinished utopian novel written by Sir Francis Bacon and published after his death in 1626. In "New Atlantis" Bacon portrayed a vision of future human discovery and knowledge, expressing his aspirations and ideals for humanity. New Atlantis depicts the creation of a land where generosity, enlightenment, dignity, splendor, piety and "public spirit".

Cameo Kirby (1914 movie)

Cameo Kirby is a 1914 American silent drama movie directed by Oscar Apfel and is the first version of the 1909 play of the same name by Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wilson. It stars Dustin Farnum, Fred Montague, James Neill, Jode Mullally, Winifred Kingston, Dick Le Reno, Ernest Joy and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Danton (1983 movie)

Danton () is a 1983 French Polish German historical drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and was based on the 1929 play "The Danton Case" by Stanisława Przybyszewska. It stars Gérard Depardieu, Wojciech Pszoniak, Patrice Chéreau, Jerzy Trela, Bogusław Linda, Angela Winkler, Andrzej Seweryn, Serge Merlin and was distributed by Gaumont.


Systolic array

A systolic array is a special type of computer architecture that can process data in parallel. A systolic array is typically a nxn square array. It can be used to multiply matrices very fast.

Scinax kennedyi

Kennedy's snouted tree frog ("Scinax kennedyi") is a frog. It lives in the llanos in Colombia and Venezuela.

Leipzig Opera

The Leipzig Opera is an opera house and opera company in Leipzig. It was created in 1693. Georg Philipp Telemann was the opera house's director from 1703 to 1705. The opera house was closed when Johann Sebastian Bach worked in Leipzig.


Austrian schilling

The schilling was the currency of Austria from 1925 to 1938 and from 1945 to 1999. The schilling was the circulating currency until 2002 when the euro was introduced. 

Jayeshbhai Jordaar

Jayeshbhai Jordaar is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film written and directed by Divyang Thakkar. It was produced by Aditya Chopra and Maneesh Sharma under Yash Raj Films. It stars Ranveer Singh in the titular role as the son of a traditional Gujarati sarpanch, who believes in equal rights between males and females in society. It also stars Shalini Pandey while Boman Irani and Ratna Pathak Shah play supporting roles.

The film was officially announced in May 2019; after the pre-production ended, shooting commenced in Mumbai on 4 December 2019. The second schedule took place in Gujarat from January 2020 and the film wrapped up on 7 February 2020.

"Jayeshbhai Jordaar" was earlier announced to release in theatres on 2 October 2020 and later 27 August 2021, but the COVID-19 pandemic in India led to its postponement by the makers who waited for the pandemic to subside rather than releasing it on OTT platforms. The film was released theatrically on 13 May 2022. On box office account the film grossed crore worldwide in its first weekend of release.


Digital art

Digital art is the practice of art that uses digital technology to make it. Names for digital art have changed since the 1960s. Some of these names are computer art and multimedia art. Digital art is a part of new media art.

Digital arts also about making characters and getting them to make moves. You can generate art works on photopea by using AI and the using photopea you can edit out. Anything produced or made on digital media, such as animations, photographs, illustrations, videos, digital paintings, and such can be classified as digital art.It encompasses a wide range of techniques, from digital drawings, paintings and illustration, to photos, videos and even sculpture.





Mandan, North Dakota

Mandan is a city on the eastern border of Morton County. It is the eighth-largest city in North Dakota. It was founded in 1879. In 1881, it was made the county seat of Morton County. In the 2020 census, the population was 24,206. Across the Missouri River from Bismarck, Mandan is a core city of the Bismarck-Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Mandan's climate has large seasonal temperature differences. It has warm, hot and humid summers. In the winter, it becomes very cold.


Biretta

The biretta () is a religious square cap worn by Catholic clergy and some Anglican and Lutheran clergy.

Byron, Minnesota

Byron is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Dover, Minnesota

Dover is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Eyota, Minnesota

Eyota is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Nkenge Touré

Nkenge Touré (born Anita Stroud on March 5, 1951) is a civil rights and political activist who is also a leader in the Anti-Racism, Reproductive Justice, and Black Women’s Health movements. She is also a former member of the Black Panther Party. Touré was the second black woman to work at the DC Rape Crisis Center, and she served as Director and General Administrator of the center. After working at the DC Rape Crisis Center for 13 years, Touré had an important role in anti-rape organizing and addressing all forms of violence toward women. Touré founded SisterSong, a national activist organization focusing on reproductive justice for women of color. She founded/co-founded other organizations, such as the National Black United Front and the International Council of African Women. Touré’s activism shaped black-feminist movements across America, allowing black feminists to gather together at political organizing, social gatherings, and consciousness-raising sessions to assert themselves. They produced leaders who supported feminism, civil rights, gay rights, and AID activism throughout the 1970s – 1990s. Touré continued to work with women with HIV, children born with HIV, and substance abusers. She has received numerous awards for her activism, spoken at rallies and conferences, and has published writing.

Oronoco, Minnesota

Oronoco is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Stewartville, Minnesota

Stewartville is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Afton, Minnesota

Afton is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Bayport, Minnesota

Bayport is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Birchwood Village, Minnesota

Birchwood Village is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Cottage Grove, Minnesota

Cottage Grove is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Dellwood, Minnesota

Dellwood is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Forest Lake, Minnesota

Forest Lake is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Grant, Minnesota

Grant is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake Elmo, Minnesota

Lake Elmo is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake St. Croix Beach, Minnesota

Lake St. Croix Beach is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lakeland Shores, Minnesota

Lakeland Shores is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lakeland, Minnesota

Lakeland is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Landfall, Minnesota

Landfall is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Mahtomedi, Minnesota

Mahtomedi is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Marine on St. Croix, Minnesota

Marine on St. Croix is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Newport, Minnesota

Newport is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Oak Park Heights, Minnesota

Oak Park Heights is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Oakdale, Minnesota

Oakdale is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Pine Springs, Minnesota

Pine Springs is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Scandia, Minnesota

Scandia is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Marys Point, Minnesota

St. Marys Point is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Paul Park, Minnesota

St. Paul Park is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Willernie, Minnesota

Willernie is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Yang Yan

Yang Yan (born 2 July 1998) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the team. She plays at the centre position. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

At the 2018 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Hamburg she finished fourth.

Steelville, Missouri

Steelville is the county seat of Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

Chen Wenli

Chen Wenli (born 4 May 1990) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth.

Lei Tianjiao

Lei Tianjiao (born 31 October 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Beijing team. She plays as a centre. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games.

She finished with the team fourth at the 2018 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and sixth at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

In November 2009 she was involved in a traffic incident that resulted in a below-the-knee amputation of her right leg. When she was 17 years old she started with wheelchair basketball after the Beijing wheelchair basketball team was recruiting new players.

Dai Jiameng

Dai Jiameng (born 7 July 1995) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player (4.5 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the "Beijing" team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

She finished fourth with the team at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship , and sixth at the 2016 Summer Paralympics .

When she was four years old she was involved in a car accident that resulted in a limb deficiency. With a passion for basketball she started with wheelchair basketball in Beijing when she was fourteen years old. She made her debut at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship where she finished seventh. She competed at the 2015 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

She studied accounting at the Beijing Radio and TV University.


Huang Xiaolian

Huang Xiaolian (born 20 September 1990) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth.


Hassan Sheikh Mohamud

Hassan Sheikh Mohamud (, ; born 29 November 1955) is a Somali politician who currently is the President of Somalia since 2022. He was president before from 2012 until 2017. He is the founder and current chairman the Union for Peace and Development Party.

Baby formula

Baby formula, infant formula or just formula (American English) or baby milk, infant milk, false milk, or first milk (British English), is a manufactured food designed for feeding to babies and infants under 12 months of age. It is usually prepared for bottle-feeding or cup-feeding from powder (mixed with water) or liquid (with or without water). 

The U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) calls infant formula as a good substitution of breast milk.

Ideas about safety: 
There have been some cases where the use of "powdered infant formula" (or PIF) has been associated with illness or death, because of infection with "Cronobacter sakazakii" and other microorganisms that can get into that infant formula, when it gets made. Between 1958 and 2006, there were several dozen reported cases of "C. sakazakii" infection worldwide. The WHO believes that such infections are under-reported.

2022 United States infant formula shortage

In 2022, the United States had a major shortage of infant formula as a result of the 2021–2022 global supply chain crisis. It was also caused by a large scale product recall. 

As of May 14, nationwide out-of-stock rates were reported to be 43%, up from 31% two weeks before, with normal out-of-stock rate being 10%. 

In many places, store shelves are empty. Delaware, Kansas, and Tennessee were the most hard-hit states.

As of mid-May, manufacturers and retailers expected a months-long delay before formula stocks would be fully restored. 

Lin Suiling

Lin Suiling (born 26 February 1991) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province  team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

She was the Most Valuable Player at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships. She finished fourth at the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship , and sixth at the 2016 Summer Paralympics .

She has a leg impairment as a result from the effects of polio. She studied at the Hunan Radio and Television University (Administration Studies, Management) in Chenzhou


Simon Preston

Simon John Preston (4 August 1938 – 13 May 2022) was an English organist, conductor, and composer. He was sub-organist of Westminster Abbey from 1962 to 1967, and organist of Christ Church, Oxford from 1970 before returning to Westminster as Organist and Master of the Choristers in 1981. Preston was promoted Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.

João Rendeiro

João Manuel Oliveira Rendeiro (22 May 1952 – 13 May 2022) was a Portuguese banker. He was the founder of the Banco Privado Português.

On 11 December 2021, Rendeiro was arrested in Durban, South Africa. On 23 February 2022, he was sentenced to ten years in prison. 

Rendeiro died in May 2022 of suicide from hanging in his serving sentence time in Westville, KwaZulu-Natal, aged 69.

James Francis Edwards

James Francis Edwards, CM, DFC & Bar, DFM, CD (5 June 1921 – 14 May 2022), later known as Stocky Edwards, was a Canadian fighter pilot. He was active during World War II. He had 19 confirmed aerial victories. This made Edwards Canada's highest scoring ace in the Western Desert Campaign.

Edwards turned 100 in June 2021. He died on 14 May 2022, at the age of 100.

Robert Cogoi

Robert Cogoi (born Mirko Kogoj, 25 October 1939 – 14 May 2022) was a Belgian singer. He was best known for his participation in the 1964 Eurovision Song Contest. He presented the song "Près de ma rivière" ("Close by My River"), and came in ninth place.

Cogoi died on 14 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Jim Ferlo

James Ferlo (May 19, 1951 – May 15, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate representing the 38th Senatorial District from 2003 to 2015. He did not run for reelection in 2014. He was a member of the Pittsburgh City Council from 1988 until 2003. Ferlo came out as gay in 2014 and the Pennsylvania Senate's first openly gay legislator. He was born in Rome, New York.

On May 15, 2022, it was announced that Ferlo had died at aged 70.

Stevan Ostojić

Stevan Ostojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Стеван Остојић; 20 August 1941 – 15 May 2022) was a Serbian professional footballer. He played as a striker. He played for the Yugoslavia national football team from 1964 until 1971.

Ostojić died on 15 May 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of 80.

Maggie Peterson

Maggie Peterson Mancuso (January 10, 1941 – May 15, 2022) was an American television actress and singer. She was best known for playing Charlene Darling]on "The Andy Griffith Show". She was a location manager for movies, and worked in the production of the 1995 movie "Casino". Peterson was born in Greeley, Colorado.

Peterson died on May 15, 2022 at her home in Colorado at the age of 81.

Jerzy Trela

Jerzy Józef Trela (14 March 1942 – 15 May 2022) was a Polish actor. In 2003 he starred in the movie "". He was also known for "" (1994), "Quo Vadis" (2001) and "Ida" (2013). Trela was born in Leńcze, General Government.

Trela died on 15 May 2022 in Kraków, Poland at the age of 80.

François Blais (writer)

François Blais (January 3, 1973 – May 14, 2022) was a Canadian children's writer. He received the 2020 Governor General's Award for French-language children's literature for his novel "Lac Adélard". He was born in Grand-Mère, Quebec, Canada. He published his first book in 2006.

Blais died at his sister's home in Charette, Quebec on May 14, 2022 at the age of 49.

2022 Laguna Woods shooting

On May 15, 2022, a mass shooting happened at Geneva Presbyterian Church in Laguna Woods, Orange County, California, United States. One person was killed, and five others were injured, four of them critically. Most of the church attendees were Taiwanese-American. A suspect was taken into custody.

Virgil (wrestler)

Michael Jones (April 7, 1951 – February 28, 2024), better known by his ring name Virgil, is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is known for his eight-year career in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. 

In May 2022, Virgil was diagnosed with stage-2 colon cancer.

West Reading, Pennsylvania

West Reading is a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,553 at the 2020 census.

Gisele Barreto Fetterman

Gisele Barreto Fetterman (née Almeida; born February 27, 1982) is a Brazilian-American activist, philanthropist, and nonprofit executive. She is a founder of the non-profit Freestore 15104. She is a co-founder of the non-profits For Good Pgh and 412 Food Rescue. She is the wife of Lieutenant-Governor John Fetterman. She is the Second Lady of Pennsylvania.

Élisabeth Borne

Élisabeth Borne (born 18 April 1961) is a French politician of La République En Marche! (LREM) and was the Prime Minister of France from 2022 until 2024. She was Minister of Labour, Employment and Integration in the government of Prime Minister Jean Castex from 2020 to 2022. 

On May 16, 2022, Emmanuel Macron appointed her as the next Prime Minister of France, following Castex's resignation.

Borne resigned on 8 January 2024 after the controversial passage of an immigration bill.

City with special status

City with special status (Ukrainian: місто зі спеціальним статусом, "misto zi spetsial'nym statusom"), formerly known as "city of republican subordinance", is a type of first-level administrative division of Ukraine. Kyiv and Sevastopol are the only cities with special status.

Glen Mourning

Glen Leroy Mourning (born March 26, 1987) is a former division 1A football scholarship football player for the University or Connecticut. Standing at 6”1 220 pounds, Glen was recruited to play defensive back for the Huskies. He is now an African American author widely known for his book series “"Crunchy Life"”. He has inspired children and adults all over America. He was born in Danbury, Connecticut and currently lives in Virginia. As of 2023 Glen is completing a second masters degree through the University of Virginia’s School"
of Education. 

URL=https://uconnhuskies.com/sports/football/roster/glen-mourning/3229 | title=Glen Mourning }}</ref>

Mourning was born on March 26, 1987 in Danbury, Connecticut he went to Danbury High School. He is the first in his family to graduate from high school as well as the first to finish college and complete a masters degree. He currently lives in Virginia.

He gained a scholarship to the University of Connecticut. He also went to the University of Bridgeport. He suffered ongoing injuries during his career at UCONN and was unable to contribute to the team. He then became an educator, author and motivational speaker.

His first "Crunchy Life" book was written in 2018 named "Crunchy Life: Recess Detention" followed by many other´s. He then started a nonprofit organization named Generation Forward Inc. located in Washington, D.C where he supports minority youth and families in need throughout the country. He now travels around America inspiring children with his books and speeches. 

Disestablishmentarianism

Disestablishmentarianism is a person who favors the separation of church and state, especially the withdrawal of special rights, status, and support granted an established church by a state; an advocate of disestablishing a state church.

It originates from movements in Henry VIII's England to remove the "establishment" of the Catholic Church.

Take a Look Over Your Shoulder

Take a Look Over Your Shoulder is the second studio album by Warren G. The album was released on March 25, 1997.

Strong Boy

Strong Boy is a lost 1929 American silent comedy movie directed by John Ford and starring Victor McLaglen, Leatrice Joy, J. Farrell MacDonald, Clyde Cook, Buddy Roosevelt, Tom Wilson, Eulalie Jensen, David Torrence. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Lords of Discipline (movie)

The Lords of Discipline is a 1983 American drama movie directed by Franc Roddam and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Pat Conroy. It stars David Keith, Robert Prosky, Judge Reinhold, Bill Paxton, William Hope, Michael Biehn, Ed Bishop, Jason Connery and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Daniel (1983 movie)

Daniel is a 1983 British American spy drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1971 novel "The Book of Daniel" by E. L. Doctorow. It stars Timothy Hutton, Mandy Patinkin, Lindsay Crouse, Ellen Barkin, Amanda Plummer, Daniel Stern, Ed Asher, Maria Tucci, Peter Copley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


 

Exploitation behind clothes

The exploitation behind clothes consists of the racial, social and gender injustices happening with the production of clothes, especially in Bangladesh.

Women and children are forced to work in poor conditions.

The 2013 Dhaka garment factory collapse was a structural failure that occurred on 24 April 2013 in the Savar Upazila of Dhaka District, Bangladesh.

Jon Kareaga, Spanish activist, fights against fast fashion that affects Bangladesh garment industry.

The Lawyer (movie)

The Lawyer is a 1970 American courtroom drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Harold Gould, Barry Newman, Diana Muldaur, Robert Colbert, Kathleen Crowley, Michael Murphy. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Mathematics and medicine

Mathematics and medicine are closely connected, and doctors use mathematics to make predictions, interpret results or understanding the effectiveness of a surgery, drug or therapy.

The most common application of mathematics in medicine and pharmacology is probability and statistics where, for example, the effectiveness of new drugs or medical procedures is validated by statistical analysis before they are approved, for example, in the United States by the Food and Drug Adminstration (FDA).

Mathematics and architecture

Mathematics and architecture are related, since, as with other arts, architects use mathematics for several reasons.

Günter Praschak

Günter Praschak (12 September 1929 – 4 April 2011) was a Austrian football player and coach.

Günter Praschak went to school in Hollabrunn (Lower Austria) and played for the local club SV Hollabrunn. After the Second World War he came to Salzburg and played for SAK. He also played ice hockey. In 1953 he went to LASK. From 1955 to 1958 he played for SV Austria Salzburg. After a short time with LASK he came back to Austria and played there until 1966.

In 1957 he was the player-coach of Austria Salzburg. From 1965 to 1969 and 1973 to 1975 he was coach of the team. In 1970-71 and 1979-81 he was coach of SK VOEST Linz, also serving as technical manager. From 1984 to 1987 he was coach of the Austrian U23 national football team.

As manager of Austria Salzburg he brought Karl Kodat, Horst Hirnschrodt or Peter Grosser to Salzburg. He also was very much engaged in the plans for a new stadium in Lehen, which was finally opend in 1971. It was the homeground of Austria Salzburg until the opening of the EM Stadion Wals-Siezenheim in 2003.

Scinax exiguus

The Gran Sabana snouted tree frog ("Scinax exiguus") is a frog. It lives in the Gran Sabana and other parts of Venezuela and in parts of Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 1210 and 1350 meters above sea level. 

Israeli occupation of the West Bank

The West Bank, including East Jerusalem, has been under military occupation by Israel since 7 June 1967, when Israeli forces occupied the territory during the Six-Day war. Before the occupation, West Bank was ruled by Jordan.

William T. Lawrence (politician)

William Thomas Lawrence (May 7, 1788 – October 25, 1859) was a U.S. Representative from New York. He was the brother of Samuel Lawrence. Born as the son of Jonathan Lawrence in New York City, William attended the common schools. 

He engaged in mercantile pursuits. During the War of 1812, Lawrence served in the Fourth Regiment and (commander the American forces at Fort Bowyer), New York State Artillery. He moved to Cayuga County in 1823 and started farming. He was in the Justice of the Peace in 1838. Fort Bowyer was commanded by Major William Lawrence not William T. Lawrence. William Lawrence was from Maryland. He first served with the 4th Infantry and then the 2d Infantry from April 1802 until he was transferred to the 8th Infantry in May 1815. Information from Historical Register and Dictionary of the United States Army 1789-1903. Fort Bowyer was defended by the 2d Infantry not the 4th Infantry.

Lawrence was elected as a Whig to the Thirtieth Congress (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1849). 
He died at his country home near Cayutaville on October 25, 1859. He was interred in the family cemetery on the Shore Road, in the Borough of Queens, New York City.

Alpine Junction, New York

Alpine Junction is a hamlet in Schuyler County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 73 people lived there.

Alpine Junction is in the southeastern corner of the county. It is east of Elmira. It is part of the Elmira Metropolitan Statistical Area.

2022–23 FC Bayern Munich season

The 2022–23 season is scheduled to be the 124th in the history of FC Bayern Munich and their 58th consecutive season in the top flight. The club will participate in Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal, DFL-Supercup and UEFA Champions League.

"Undisclosed fees are not included in the transfer totals."

Expenditure

Summer: €120,500,000

Winter: €00,000,000

Total: €120,500,000
Income

Summer: €74,300,000

Winter: €0,000,000

Total: €72,300,000
Net totals

Summer: €46,200,000

Winter: €0,000,000

Total: €46,200,000

The group stage draw will be held on 25 August 2022.

Klara Höfels

Klara Höfels (1949 – 15 May 2022) was a German actress, director and theatre producer. She was first a stage actress who worked for Schauspiel Frankfurt, Residenztheater in Munich and Staatstheater Stuttgart. She later became known for roles in television series such as "SOKO" and "Hinter Gittern – Der Frauenknast". Höfels was born in Grevenbroich, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany. She played Irma in the 2016 movie "Toni Erdmann".

Höfels died on 15 May 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 73.

Kay Mellor

Kay Mellor ("née" Daniel; 11 May 1951 – 15 May 2022) was an English actress, scriptwriter, and director. She was known for creating television shows such as ITV British drama "Fat Friends" (2000–05). She also co-created CITV's British children's drama "Children's Ward" (1989–2000). Mellor was born in Leeds, Yorkshire, England.

Mellor died on 15 May 2022, four days after her 71st birthday.

Rainer Basedow

Rainer Basedow (20 May 1938 – 15 May 2022) was a German actor. He was known for having provided the German voice dub of Pumbaa in the "Lion King" franchise. He also dubbed John Belushi as Jake Blues in "The Blues Brothers" and Sergeant Harley in "The Jungle Book".

Basedow died on 15 May 2022 at a hospital in Salzburg, Austria from a heart attack, five days before his 84th birthday.

2022–23 Bundesliga

The 2022–23 Bundesliga is the 60th season of the Bundesliga. It began on 5 August 2022 and will end on 27 May 2023.

Bayern Munich are the ten-time consecutive defending champions.

As the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be held between 21 November and 18 December 2022 due to the climatic conditions of the host country Qatar, the league will feature an extended pause during the season. As national team players must be released by their clubs on 14 November 2022, the last Bundesliga matchday before the break is scheduled from 11–13 November (matchday 15). The league will resume ten weeks later on 20 January 2023.
Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund,red Bull Leipzig have Qualified for champions league 2023-24.

A total of 18 teams will participate in the 2022–23 edition of the Bundesliga.

Bayern Munich

The relegation play-offs will take place on 31 May or 1 June and 5 or 7 June 2023.

Hilarion (Kapral)

Metropolitan Hilarion (born Igor Alexeyevich Kapral, ; 6 January 1948 – 16 May 2022) was a Canadian-American Orthodox prelate. He was the bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR), Metropolitan of Eastern America and New York, First-Hierarch of the ROCOR from 18 May 2008 until his death in 2022.

Hilarion died on 16 May 2022 at a hospital in New York City, aged 74.

Rodri (footballer, born 1934)

Francisco Rodríguez García (8 March 1934 – 17 May 2022), nicknamed Rodri, was a Spanish footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. He made four appearances for the Spain national football team in 1962.

Rodri died on 17 May 2022 in Barcelona at the age of 88.

José Araquistáin

José Araquistáin Arrieta (born 4 March 1937) is a Spanish retired footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made six appearances for the Spain national football team between 1960 until 1962. 


Salvador Sadurní

Salvador Sadurní Urpí (born 3 April 1941) is a Spanish retired footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made ten appearances for the Spain national football team between 1963 until 1969.


Carmelo Cedrún

Carmelo Cedrún Ochandátegui (born 6 December 1930) is a Spanish former football goalkeeper and manager. He made thirteen appearances for the Spain national football team from 1954 until 1963.


Enrique Collar

Enrique Collar Monterrubio (born 2 November 1934) is a Spanish former professional footballer. He played as a left winger. He made 16 appearances and scored 4 goals for the Spain national football team from 1955 to 1963. He played in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.


Severino Reija

Severino Reija Vázquez (born 25 November 1938) is a Spanish former footballer. He played as a defender. He participated with the national team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup, the 1964 European Nations' Cup, and the 1966 FIFA World Cup.


Adelardo

Adelardo Rodríguez Sánchez, also known as Adelardo (born 26 September 1939), is a Spanish former professional footballer. He made 14 appearances and two goals for the Spain national football team from 1962 until 1970.


Helenio Herrera

Helenio Herrera Gavilán (; 10 April 1910 – 9 November 1997) was an Argentine-French football player and manager. 

During his managerial career, Herrera won four La Liga titles in Spain (with Atlético Madrid and Barcelona) and three Serie A titles in Italy with Inter. 

He is seen as one of the greatest managers of all time.

Atlético Madrid

Barcelona

Inter Milan

Roma

Individual

Supreme People's Assembly

The Supreme People's Assembly (SPA; ) is the unicameral legislature of North Korea. It is made up of one deputy from each of the DPRK's 687 constituencies. They are elected to five-year terms.

Choe Thae-bok

Choe Thae-bok (1 December 1930 – 20 January 2024) was a North Korean politician. He is a member of the Politburo and the Secretariat of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was Chairman (speaker) of the Supreme People's Assembly for nearly 21 years, from 1998 to 2019. He was an advisor to Kim Jong-il.

Choe died from a heart attack on 20 January 2024, at the age of 93.

Pak Thae-song

Pak Thae-song (, born 14 September 1955) is a North Korean politician. He is the Chairman of the Supreme People's Assembly and a Vice Chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea since 2019.

July Monarchy

The July Monarchy () was a liberal constitutional monarchy in France ruled by . This started on 26 July 1830, with the July Revolution of 1830, and ended on 23 February 1848, with the Revolution of 1848.

The July Monarchy ended the Bourbon Restoration period of French history. It began when people overthrown Charles X, the last king of the House of Bourbon. 

The new leader, Louis Philippe, is a member of the Orléans of the House of Bourbon. He proclaimed himself as ("King of the French"). 

The July Monarchy was ruled by rich bourgeoisie and former Napoleonic officials. The king wanted friendship with the United Kingdom and colonial expansion such as the French conquest of Algeria. 

In 1848, revolutions taken place in many parts of Europe, the king is not popular anymore and he was overthrown.

June Preston

June Preston (December 29, 1928 – May 11, 2022) was an American former child actress and singer. She worked with RKO Pictures in the 1930s. She played Mrs. Blewett's daughter in the 1934 movie "Anne of Green Gables". When she got older, she became an opera singer. During her child acting career, she was called the "next Shirley Temple".

Preston was born in Glendale, California and was raised in Temple, Texas. She studied at Seattle University.

Preston died on May 11, 2022 at her home in Montclair, New Jersey from problems caused by dementia, aged 93.

Brandon Flynn

Brandon Paul Flynn (born October 11, 1993) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Justin Foley in the Netflix series "13 Reasons Why". He also played Mike the Intern in "BrainDead". He also appeared in the 2020 series "Ratched".

Flynn is openly gay.

Asterism (astronomy)

An asterism is an observed pattern or group of stars in the sky. Constellations are based on asterisms, but asterisms can be any pattern or group of stars. They are a more general concept than the 88 constellations of the IAU. Several countries use these patterns in their flags. 



I Did That!

I Did That! are stickers, usually showing President Joe Biden, pointing at the price of gasoline at the fuel pumps in a gas station around the United States. The stickers began appearing in 2021 and have increased in popularity as the price of gasoline and other goods have risen due to inflation. 

The stickers are sold online by dozens of vendors and one retailer, with one place having $40,000 in sticker sales in August of 2021. The stickers are a form of vandalism with owners and employees at gas stations complaining the stickers make some customers angry and are hard to remove.

Many believe that it is not Biden's fault for the inflation price as many blame it on the COVID-19 pandemic. Some also argue that Biden's $1.9 trillion dollar American Rescue Plan caused the rise in inflation in the US.

White House, Tennessee

White House is a city in Robertson and Sumner counties in the United States state of Tennessee. The population was 12,982 at the 2020 census.

Eliseo Mendoza Berrueto

Eliseo Francisco Mendoza Berrueto (13 April 1931 – 17 May 2022) was a Mexican politician and economist. He was the Governor of Coahuila from 1 December 1987 until 30 November 1993. He was born in San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila, Mexico. He was the President of the Chamber of Deputies in 1985. Mendoza Berrueto was a Deputy from 1985 until 1987.

Mendoza Berrueto died in Saltillo, Coahuila on 17 May 2022, aged 91.

Paige Gebhardt Cognetti

Paige Gebhardt Cognetti is an American Democratic politician. She is the 36th Mayor of Scranton, Pennsylvania since 2020. She is the first woman to be mayor of the city and won her seat in a special election. Before becoming mayor, she worked as an advisor for the United States Department of the Treasury during the Barack Obama presidency.

Mohamed Rabbae

Mohamed Rabbae (8 March 1941 – 17 May 2022) was a Moroccan–born Dutch politician and activist. He was born in Berrechid, French Protectorate in Morocco, Vichy France. 

Rabbae was a member of the House of Representatives from 1994 to 2002, and afterwards an alderman of Leiden.

Rabbae died in Amersfoort, aged 81.


A Venetian water fete (Rotta)

A Venetian water fete (also known as Una festa Veneziana sull'acqua or Un baccanale di Venezia) is a 19th-century painted in oil on canvas made by Antonio Rotta, in 1863, in Venice, Italy. The artwork measures centimeters 172 x 106 (41.7 x 67.7 in.).
Antonio Rotta's work "A Venetian water fete" was auctioned in 2001 at Sotheby's in London and acquired by an English collector for € 158.000 plus auction fees.

Antonio Rotta is one of the most famous painters in the Italian history of genre painting, compared to a poet of the Venetian ballads, he describes the everyday life and feelings of the Venice at this epoque.

Rotta has created 3 other similar works that make up a cycle of boat parties in Venice and recall the still current existence of the Redentore feast.

The art work describes the typical Venetian festival, probably during the Feast of the Redeemer, with two boats side by side and musicians in the Venice lagoon in Italy.





Fasces

Fasces ( ; , from the Latin word "fascis", meaning "bundle"; ) is a bundle of wooden rods, sometimes showing an axe blade. The fasces is an Italian symbol originated from the Etruscan civilization and was passed on to ancient Rome.

In Ancient Rome, fasces symbolized a magistrate's power and jurisdiction.

During early 20th century, the fasces was used to represent fascism. The symbol was used by the National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini. 

Beezy Bear

Beezy Bear is a 1955 Disney animated short. It features Donald Duck, who appears as a beekeeper. This is Humphrey the Bear's fifth appearance. The cartoon portrays Humphrey as a honey-stealing bear.


The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

It is also available on Disney+.


Holden (surname)

Holden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:








Bombing of Guernica

The bombing of Guernica (26 April 1937) was an aerial bombing of the Basque town of Guernica during the Spanish Civil War. It was mainly carried out by the Nazi German Luftwaffe's Condor Legion and the Fascist Italian Aviazione Legionaria.

The attack is controversial because of the bombing of civilians by a military air force, which is seen as a war crime.

Labour camp

A labour camp, labor camp or work camp is a simplified prison in which inmates are forced to do hard labor, usually as punishment for crime. Instead of prison cells, labor camp inmates are usually housed in barracks. Soviet gulags and Nazi concentration camps are some examples. Conditions at labor camps tend to be extremely harsh.

Prison cell

A prison cell, jail cell or holding cell is a small room in which one or more prisoners are held. There's two types of jail cells. One type is a holding tank at a police station or the booking suite of a jail. The other type is a cell in which inmates sleep. A prison cell usually has a solid or barred door. Solid doors typically have a window that allows the prisoners to be watched closely from outside the cell. Each cell is usually furnished with a bench or cots, often bolted to the wall or floor such that they can't be used as weapons. There's also typically a toilet as well.

Cot

A cot is a small, single occupancy bed. Cots are usually found in residential institutions like prisons and psychiatric hospitals, military bases, boarding schools, college dormitories, and camps as well as places that are turned into temporary shelters during emergencies.

State prison

In the United States, A state prison or state penitentiary is an incarcerating facility for those convicted of felony crimes.

Federal prison

In the United States, a federal prison or federal penitentiary is an incarcerating facility for those convicted of federal crimes.

Darne machine gun

The Darne Machine Gun was used first by the French, beginning in 1922. The machine gun was relatively cheap and used the common 8mm Lebel bullet, which the French Army used at the time.

Nazi concentration camp

A Nazi concentration camp was one of the death camps and labour camps operated by the Nazis during the Second World War throughout the occupied territories of the Third Reich for the imprisonment, enslavement and extermination of Jews and others that Nazi party considered undesirable. These facilities were the culmination of the "final solution" that became the Holocaust. Most inmates were brought to the camps in cattle cars. Upon arrival, they were stripped of all possessions, made to undergo "Selection" (where the Nazis would determine who lives and who dies), had their hair cut off, etc. Conditions were extremely inhumane.
Some of the main concentration camps were:


Cattle wagon

Cattle wagons are railway vehicles for transporting livestock such as cattle.

Military prison

A military prison is a jail for the soldiers and sailors of a country's military who commit crimes. Alternatively, a military prison can hold prisoners of war. A brig is the detention facility aboard a naval vessel.

Presidio Modelo

Presidio Modelo (Spanish for "model prison") is an abandoned prison in Cuba. It's an example of the round, wide design of jails and was built in 1927 on the orders of president turned dictator Geraldo Machado. Fidel Castro was one famous inmate. It is in the suburban quarter of Chacón, Nueva Gerona.

School-to-prison pipeline

The School-to-prison pipeline describes all the policies (such as zero-tolerance policies and the practice of posting police officers in schools) that some people believe are funneling schoolchildren into the justice system.

Jean Nicolet

Jean Nicolet was a French explorer. He was known for being the first person to discover Lake Michigan, Mackinac Island, and Green Bay.

Karl Kodat

Karl Kodat (10 February 1943 – 29 February 2012) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a striker.

Born in Vienna he started his career with Wiener Sportclub. In 1964 he went to FK Austria Wien. From 1967 to 1971 he played for SV Austria Salzburg and then he went on to Belgium where he played for Royal Antwerp. He also earned five caps for Austria in 1971.

Kodat died on 29 February 2012, at the age of 69.

Breach (band)

Breach is a Swedish post-hardcore band formed in 1993. They ended in 2007.

Her Father's Son

Her Father's Son is a 1916 American Civil War comedy movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Vivian Martin, Gayne Whitman, Herbert Standing, Helen Jerome Eddy, Lucille Ward. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Henry McMahon

Sir Arthur Henry McMahon (1862-1949) started being a British chief commissioner in Baluchistan from 1907 until 1908 and from 1909 until 1911.
From 1915 until 1917 he became the British High commissioner in Egypt during World War 1.

Faisal I of Iraq

Faysal (1885-1933) is the third son of Hussein Bin Ali. He became the king of Syria in October 1918 after the Arab Revolt. In 1921 he became the king of Iraq under supervision of the British. In 1932 he made it happen that Iraq become independent from England.

King Faisal died of a heart attack on 8 September 1933 in Bern, Switzerland. He was 48 years old at the time of his death.

Scinax alter

The Crubixa snouted tree frog ("Scinax alter") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 22.5 to 31.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 23.9–31.0 mm long.

This frog is related to many other frogs that live nearby. But "Scinax alter" has bright white stripes on its body. There are dark brown stripes around the white stripes. It has a dark brown triangle mark between its eyes. It has small dark brown stripes in front of its eyes. The insides of its back legs are lighter brown. The belly is yellow-brown. It has a thin body. Its eyes stick out. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw.

The tadpole is 22.9 to 32.0 mm long, with the tail.

Most of these frogs live along the Atlantic ocean in the east. Some of them live further away from the ocean in the Rio Doce valley in Minas Gerais. Others live higher up in the hills in Espírito Santo. They live on plants near ponds. They live near the edges of forests or in places with few trees. They can live in places with sand dunes if there are tall enough plants growing in them. They can be on the ground or on plants.

Absence of good

The Absence of good is a philosophical theory which considers evil to be a lack of something, rather than a object, or entity, like good is. This means that everything in the universe is usually good, and the lack of it is what we call evil. It is applied to the problem of evil, in that if some things in the world are admitted to be evil, this could show that the creator (or God) isn't completely good.

Giovanni Falcone

Giovanni Salvatore Augusto Falcone (Palermo, 18th May 1939 – Palermo, May 23rd 1992) , known as Giovanni Falcone, was an Italian magistrate that fought against the Italian Mafia with his colleague Paolo Borsellino. They both spent their early years in the same neighbourhood in Palermo. Many of their childhood friends grew up in the Mafia background, both men fought on the other side of the war against crime in Sicily as prosecuting magistrates. They were both killed in 1992, a few months apart. He was killed by Cosa Nostra in the Strage di Capaci (Massacre of Capaci) .In recognition of their tireless effort and sacrifice during the anti-mafia trials, they were both awarded the Italian "Medaglia d'oro al valor civile" (Gold medal for civil valour). They were also named as heroes of the last 60 years in the 13 November 2006 issue of "Time Magazine".

Horst Hirnschrodt

Horst Hirnschrodt (5 December 1940 – 24 May 2018) was an Austrian footballer . He played for Austria Wien, Austria Salzburg and the Austrian national team as a defender.
He started his career with SC Olympia 33, 1953 he went on to Austria Wien. He debuted in March 1959 versus Simmeringer SC. With Austria Wien he won three times the league. In 1967 he went on to SV Austria Salzburg together with his teammate Karl Kodat. In 1975 he ended his career.
He played 19 matches in the Austrian football national team. He debuted on 8 April 1962 in a 3:2 win over Irland. In this match he scored his only goal for the nationalteam.

William Byron

William McComas Byron Jr. (born November 29, 1997) is an American Race Car driver. He drives the No. 24 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for Hendrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Cup Series, The No. 88 for JR Motorsports in the Xfinity Series, and the No. 7 for Spire Motorsports in the NASCAR Truck Series. His racing career started on the racing simulator, iracing.com. In 2018, he took over the No. 24, made famous by Jeff Gordon, and Chase Elliott. He didn't win until the 2020 Coke Zero Sugar 400. Before that, he didn't see much success. 

Ejection seat

In aircraft, an ejection seat or ejector seat is a system designed to rescue the pilot or other crew of an aircraft (usually military) in an emergency. In most designs, the seat is propelled out of the aircraft by a small explosion or rocket motor, carrying the pilot with it. The concept of an ejectable escape crew capsule has also been tried. Once clear of the aircraft, the ejection seat deploys a parachute. Ejection seats are common on certain types of military aircraft, and can save people's lives.

T-72

The T-72 is a family of Russian/Soviet main battle tanks that started getting built in 1969. The T-72 was made to replace the T-64, which was bad because it was expensive and complicated. Around 25,000 T-72s have been built, and repairs have made many of them work for a very long time. The T-72 has been used in 40 countries. The T-72 was replaced by the T-90 in 1992, but the T-72 is still made today.

Attack helicopter

An attack helicopter is a type of helicopter that is used to attack infantry, vehicles, and buildings. They are sometimes called "helicopter gunships" because of their weapons. 

Attack helicopters can use a lot of weapons. Some of these weapons include machine guns, bombs, autocannons, missiles, and rockets. Some attack helicopters can also use air-to-air missiles for protection against other helicopters and planes.

Attack helicopters have two main purposes. The first purpose is to attack targets on the ground, like infantry, vehicles, and buildings. The second purpose is to protect transport helicopters and other weaker helicopters.

Meeting at Hendaye

The Meeting of Hendaye, or Interview of Hendaye, is a meeting between Francisco Franco and Adolf Hitler on 23 October 1940 at the railway station in Hendaye, France. The meeting was also attended by Ramón Serrano Suñer of Francoist Spain and Joachim von Ribbentrop of Nazi Germany.

Hannes Winklbauer

Hannes Winklbauer (born 25 December 1949) was a former Austrian football player. After the end of his active career he worked as a football coach and journalist.

He started his career with SV Kapfenberg. From 1969 to 1971 he played for SW Bregenz. In 1971 he went to SV Austria Salzburg where he stayed until the end of his active career.

Winkelbauer played seven matches for the Austrian national football team between 1974 and 1975.

He started his coaching career with ASVÖ FC Puch where his brother Hubert was a player. In the 1984–85 season he was coach and manager of SV Austria Salzburg. The club was relegated but he found new players who became very important for the club in the following years, like Christian Fürstaller and Wolfgang Feiersinger. After a second spell as manager in the 1986–87 season he ended his coaching career.

After his coaching career he became a sports journalist. Until his retirement in 2010 he wrote mainly for the Salzburger Nachrichten.

Vehicle armour

Vehicle armour is a protective layer that is used to protect vehicles from weapons. Vehicle armor is usually found on military vehicles like tanks, fighter planes, and armoured cars. 

Vehicle armor is also sometimes used for normal vehicles, like armoured bank vehicles and cars used to transport important people like elected officials. 

Vehicle armor is also sometimes used to protect vehicles from things other than attacks. Some vehicles, like satellites, use vehicle armor to stay safe from danger that comes from the environment.

Lyu Guidi

Lyu Guidi (born 6 May 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth, and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics sixth.

She began with wheelchair basketball when she was 20 years old in Guangdong


Gender euphoria

Gender euphoria (GE) is a proposed term for the opposite of gender dysphoria. It is the satisfaction, enjoyment, or relief felt by trans people when they feel their body matches their personal gender identity. "Transgender congruence" is also used for transgender individuals feeling genuine, authentic, and comfortable with their gender identity and appearance.

GE experiences can occur in external, internal, and/or social settings and is considered a conglomeration of positive emotions and subjective well-being in response to being affirmed in one’s gender.


Zhang Tonglei

Zhang Tonglei (born 5 September 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth.


Chen Xuejing

Chen Xuejing (born 1 September 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player, and a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team, playing as a forward. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games.

When she was 18 years old, she had a car accident causing her a spinal cord injury. She started playing wheelchair basketball in Beijing when she was 19 years old, after her doctor recommended it to her. She made her debut for the national team at the 2015 World Championships. The next year she played at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She studied at the Beijing Sport University.

United States Bureau of Reclamation

The United States Bureau of Reclamation (USBR) is a group owned by the United States government. It is controlled by the United States Department of the Interior, and it works on water resources like dams and irrigation in the Western United States. The most important and known project operated be the USBR is the Hoover Dam. Founded in 1902, the bureau has over 5,400 employees and a yearly budget of 1.07 billion USD.

Tina Kotek

Tina Kotek (born September 30, 1966) is an American politician who is the 39th Governor of Oregon since 2023. She was the speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2013 to 2022. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Along with Maura Healey, she will be one of the first two openly lesbian governors in the United States.

Kotek, a lesbian, was one of the only openly-gay members of the Oregon Legislative Assembly.

Austin Davis (politician)

Austin Davis (born October 4, 1989) is an American Democratic politician who is the 35th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania since 2023. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 35th District from 2018 to 2022. 

Doug Mastriano

Douglas Vincent Mastriano (born January 2, 1964), is an American politician. He is a retired Colonel of the United States Army. He is a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate since 2019. He is the Republican nominee for Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2022 election. He was defeated in the gubernatorial election by Josh Shapiro. 

Mastriano has supported QAnon. He has been called a far right winger by critics.

A strong supporter of former President Donald Trump. He supported the efforts to overturn the results of the 2020 United States presidential election. 

Mastriano was present at the Washington, D.C. rally on January 6, 2021, where a mob attacked the United States Capitol. Mastriano did not enter the Capitol, but did pass through police barriers near the Capitol.

Carrie DelRosso

Carrie Lewis DelRosso (born September 10, 1975) is an American politician and businesswoman. She is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 33rd district since 2021. She is the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2022 election.

Deborah James (journalist)

Dame Deborah Anne James (1 October 1981 – 28 June 2022) was an English journalist, podcast host and charity campaigner. 

In 2016, she was diagnosed with terminal bowel cancer. She later began to host the "You, Me and the Big C" podcast on BBC Radio 5 about her struggles with her illness.

In May 2022, James said she began treatment under hospice care. Less than 48 hours after her post, over £3 million was raised for her campaign, the Bowelbabe Fund. Two days later, James was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE)

In her final days, James lived at her parents' house in Woking, Surrey, where she died on 28 June 2022, aged 40, from cancer.

Underworld: Rise of the Lycans

Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is a 2009 American action horror movie. The movie is produced by Screen Gems and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the third movie in the Underworld franchise. It was directed by Patrick Tatopoulos. It was released in the United States on January 29, 2009.


Slither (2006 movie)

Slither is a 2006 science fiction horror movie directed by James Gunn. It didn’t do well at the box office but got a cult following.


The Matrix Resurrections

The Matrix Resurrections is a 2021 movie that was written and directed by Lana Wachowski. It is the sequel to "The Matrix Revolutions".


Ademola Okulaja

Ademola Okulaja (10 July 1975 – 16 or 17 May 2022) was a Nigerian-born German professional basketball player. The last team he played for were the Brose Baskets of the Basketball Bundesliga. He played as a forward. Okulaja made 172 appearances for the German national team. 

Okulaja died on 16 or 17 May 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 46.

Rolands Kalniņš

Rolands Kalniņš (7 May 1922 – 17 May 2022) was a Latvian movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Vecslabada, Latvia. His movies "Stone and Rubble" and "Breathe Deeply" were extremely controversial. 

Kalniņš turned 100 on 7 May 2022. He died ten days later on 17 May.

Faouzi Mansouri

Faouzi Mansouri (; 17 January 1956 – 18 May 2022) was an Algerian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He played with Montpellier. He also appeared in the Algeria national team thirteen times between 1981 until 1986. 

Mansouri died on 18 May 2022 at the age of 66.

Marnie Schulenburg

Marnie Schulenburg (May 21, 1984 – May 17, 2022) was an American actress. She was known for her role as Alison Stewart on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" from 2007 until 2010. Schulenburg was born in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Her career began in 2007. She also had roles in "One Life to Live" and "Tainted Dreams".

Schulenburg was diagnosed with terminal breast cancer in May 2020. She died from the disease at a hospital in Bloomfield, New Jersey, four days before her 38th birthday.

Bloomfield, New Jersey

Bloomfield is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 53,105.

Benjamin Diskin

Benjamin Isaac Diskin (born August 25, 1982) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Junior Healy in the USA Network animated series "Problem Child", Eugene in "Hey Arnold!", Numbuh 1 and Numbuh 2 in "", Venom/Eddie Brock in "The Spectacular Spider-Man", Hahn in "", M'comm M'orzz/Ma'alefa'ak in "Young Justice" and Gonzo and Rizzo in the 2018 revival of "Muppet Babies".

Domingo Villar

Domingo Villar (6 March 1971 – 18 May 2022) was a Spanish crime writer. He was born and raised in Vigo, Galicia, Spain. He was known for his novels about Inspector Leo Caldas his assistant Rafael Estévez. Many of his books were published in Galician before being translated into Spanish. 

Villar died in Vigo on 18 May 2022 from a stroke he had two days before, at the age of 51.

Sidney Kramer

Sidney Kramer (July 8, 1925 – May 16, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and politician. He was a member of the Maryland Senate from 1978 until 1986. He was also the county executive for Montgomery County from 1986 until 1990. Kramer was born in Washington, D.C..

Kramer died on May 16, 2022 at his home in Rockville, Maryland at the age of 96.

Countries playing Australian rules football

This is a list of countries playing Australian rules football.

Tadj ol-Molouk

Task ol-Molouk was the mother of shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi of Iran.

Urgell

Urgell is a county in the province of Catalonia, Spain. It covers 580sq km.

Religious democracy

Religious democracy or religious republic is a form of government in which the state's laws and decisions are directly affected by the values and theology of a given religion. Modern examples of religious democracies include


Figurehead

Figurehead can refer to

Ornament

An ornament is an object, such as a sculpture, that is purely for decoration.

Decoration

Decoration may refer to:


Brisbane Lions

The Brisbane Lions are a professional Australian rules football club from Brisbane, Queensland, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL). The club was formed in 1996 when the Fitzroy Lions and the Brisbane Bears merged. They are the most successful AFL club in the 2000s, having been in four AFL Grand Finals in a row, winning in 2001, 2002 and 2003 (although losing the 2004). Their current home ground in the AFL is The Gabba and their current home ground in the AFLW is Hickey Park.

The club song, "The Pride of Brisbane Town", is sung to the tune of the French national anthem, "La Marseillaise". The lyrics to the song are below.
<poem>
"We are the pride of Brisbane Town,"
"We wear maroon, blue and gold."
"We will always fight for victory,"
"Like Fitzroy and Bears of old."
"All for one and one for all,"
"We'll answer to the call."
"We're the Lions, the Brisbane Lions,
"We'll kick the winning score"
"You'll hear our mighty roar!"
</poem>



I Remember Everything, Richard

I Remember Everything, Richard () is a 1966 Latvian World War II movie directed by Rolands Kalniņš and starring Eduards Pāvuls, Antra Liedskalniņa, Harijs Liepiņš, Pauls Butkēvičs, Uldis Pūcītis.


Sydney Swans

The Sydney Swans are a professional Australian rules football club from Sydney, New South Wales, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).

<poem>
"Cheer, cheer the red and the white,"
"Honour the name by day and by night,"
"Lift that noble banner high,"
"Shake down the thunder from the sky"
"Whether the odds be great or small,"
"Swans will go in and win overall"
"While her loyal sons are marching"
"Onwards to victory."
</poem>



Gold Coast Suns

The Gold Coast Suns are a professional Australian rules football club from the Gold Coast, Queensland, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).

<poem>
"We are the suns of the Gold Coast sky"
"We are one in the red, gold and blue"
"We are the mighty Gold Coast Suns"
"We play to win the flag for you"
"Fight! Fight! Fight!"
"Till we hold up the cup"
"Run, run, run all the way"
"Hey, we are the suns of the Gold Coast sky"
"We're the team who never say "die"!"
</poem>



Melbourne Demons

The Melbourne Football Club, nicknamed the Melbourne Demons, are a professional Australian rules football club from Melbourne, Victoria, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL). They are the current premiers, winning the 2021 AFL Grand Final.



Port Adelaide Power

The Port Adelaide Power are a professional Australian rules football club from Alberton, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).



Western Bulldogs

The Western Bulldogs are a professional Australian rules football club from Footscray, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).

The club song, "Sons of the West", is sung to the tune of "Sons of the Sea".
<poem>
"Sons of the west,"
"Red, white and blue,"
"We come out snarling, Bulldogs through and through."
"Bulldogs bite and Bulldogs roar, we give our very best."
"But you can't beat the boys of the Bulldog breed,"
"We're the team of the mighty West!"
</poem>



List of Meitei people

This is a list of notable Meiteis (Manipuri language speaking people).
















Maeve

Maeve (also Maev; pronounced "MAY-V", rhyming with "cave") is a female given name of Irish origin. It is from the Irish name "Méabh" (spelled "Meadhbh" in early modern Irish and "Medb" in old Irish). In Irish mythology Medb was a queen who was thought to have once been a sovereignty goddess. Maeve is an increasingly popular and unique name with a rich history and meaning of Irish origin. In this article, we will delve into the significance of the name Maeve in Irish culture and explore its meaning.The name Maeve comes from the Gaelic name Medb, which translates to "intoxicating" or "she who intoxicates". According to Irish mythology, Maeve was the queen of Connacht and was renowned for her beauty, strength, and cunning. As a powerful and influential figure, she was both respected and feared by her enemies. This name was ranked #124 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Ireland: The spelling "Maeve" was a top 100 girls' name in most years between 1964 and 2009. "Meabh" was 99 on the list of popular girls' names in 2020.

Northern Ireland: "Maeve" was in the top 100 between 1997 and 2004. "Meabh" was 44th in 2017.

United States: "Maeve" was among the top 500 girls' names from 2013 and in the top 150 in 2021.



Mecha Builders

Mecha Builders (also known as Sesame Street Mecha Builders) is a Canadian computer-animated children's television series. It is also a spin-off of "Sesame Street". It began production in May 2020. The series is co-produced by Canada Based-Studio Studio Nelvana In Association with TVOKids Access Knowledge Network and SCN

The project was announced in October 2019. Visual development was started remotely, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The series intended to add 80 staff as it entered production.

The show premiered on April 30, 2022 on Cartoon Network within its Cartoonito pre-school block. The series is also available on the streaming service HBO Max. A sneak peek of the first episode was released on April 26, 2022.

TVOKids Knowledge Kids Télé-Québec Citytv Saskatchewan Family Chargd Treehouse CTV 2 Alberta and CKVU-DT (Canada) Cartoon Network and HBO Max (United States) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV and Zee Tamil (India) Australian Broadcasting Corporation (Australia) Television New Zealand (New Zealand) Thai Public Broadcasting Service (Thailand) Educational Broadcasting System (South Korea) France 4 and TF1 (France) 

Microsoft Office 2013

Microsoft Office 2013 is an previous version of Microsoft Office developed by Microsoft, it was release of worldwide on January 29, 2013, succesor by Microsoft Office 2016. Mainstream support of Microsoft Office 2013 will be ended on April 10, 2018 and extended support ended on April 11, 2023.

In late December 2012, Microsoft announced that Microsoft Office 2010 will replaced of old version to Microsoft Office 2013, they was release in January 29, 2013. After release Office 2013 Preview on December 11, 2012.

In November 2022, Microsoft announced they will be discontinued of Microsoft Office 2013 in all operating system on April 11, 2023 because was no longer supported after release in 2013, 10 years ago. However, after ended support. Microsoft still released update monthly of Microsoft Office 2013 after ended until October 2023.


Scinax cruentommus

The Manaus snouted tree frog ("Scinax cruentommus") is a frog. It lives in the Amazon Basin in Colombia, Brazil, Peru, and Ecuador. Scientists think it might also live in Venezuela.

Analog hole

The analog hole (also known as the analog loophole or analog gap) is a vulnerability in copy protection systems for digital formats. It can be used to copy protected works using analog means. When digital information is changed to a form that can by seen or heard by people, it is easy to recapture that analog version in a form that is not protected. This can be done to bypass any restrictions placed on copyrighted digital work. Publishers who use digital rights management (DRM) to limit how a work can be used admit that the need to make something be able to be seen or heard is a "hole" in the protection that DRM gives them .

Casuarina

Casuarina is a genus of 17 tree species in the family Casuarinaceae. They are native to Australia, the Indian subcontinent, southeast Asia, islands of the western Pacific Ocean, and eastern Africa.

This was once the only genus in the family, but it is now split into four genera.

They are evergreen shrubs and trees growing to tall. 

The flowers have no petals. They are in small catkin-like inflorescences. Most species are dioecious, but a few are monoecious. 

The fruit is a woody, oval structure. It looks a bit like a conifer cone. It has many carpels, each with a single seed and a small wing.

InfoWars

InfoWars is an American far-right website owned by Alex Jones. It was founded in 1999.

Medina College

Medina College, originally designed as a 6th Form College in the 1970s is a high school located on the Isle of Wight. On the 28th July 2021 the school, along with other schools on the island was cyber attacked. The culprits are now thought to be a Russian organisation.

The school has failed to achieve a grade of "Outstanding" from Ofsted since 2008, more commonly falling within the "Requires Improvement" category. The current head of school is Mr. Matthew Parr-Burman, currently the Executive Headteacher of the Isle of Wight Education Federation. In the 1990s the school suffered from failing finances and Richard Williams was brought in as head of school in 2002 before stepping down in 2010.
The school is part of a federation (Isle of Wight Education Federation) with two other schools on the Isle of Wight: Island Innovation IVth Form and Carisbrooke College. Until his death Anthony Minghella was the school's patron.

Catkin

A catkin is a slim flower cluster (a "spike")
which is usually wind-pollinated. Sometimes it is insect-pollinated. They have many flowers arranged closely along a drooping central stem. Usually, they are unisexual.

They are found in many plant families, including the Betulaceae, Fagaceae, Moraceae, and Salicaceae. The catkin flower arrangement has arisen at least twice independently by convergent evolution, in the Fagales and in Salicaceae.

Bombing of Granollers

The Bombing of Granollers took place during the Spanish Civil War on 31 May 1938. The Italian "Aviazione Legionaria" bombed the town of Granollers. There were between 100 and 224 civilian deaths.

Romford (UK Parliament constituency)

Romford is a United Kingdom parliamentary constituency. It is located in south east England, in the north east of the city of London.

This seat was created in 1885.

It is currently held by a Conservative Member of Parliament.

Mountain bike

A mountain bike (or mountain bicycle) is a type of bicycle that is made for riding off-road. Mountain bikes are like other bicycles, but are usually stronger and heavier. Mountain bikes usually have suspension, stronger brakes, bigger tires, and a stronger frame than most other bicycles. 

While they can be used like a normal bicycle, mountain bikes are usually used for mountain biking.

Tremp

Tremp () is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain, it is the capital of the "comarca" of Pallars Jussà.

Comarques of Catalonia

Comarques (singular comarca, ) are administrative subdivisions of Catalonia. There are currently 42 comarques in Catalonia.

Fidesz–KDNP

Fidesz–KDNP Party Alliance (), is a national conservative political alliance of two political parties in Hungary, the Fidesz and the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP). 

Raudonė Castle

Raudonė Castle is a castle in Lithuania. It is now a school.

2022 Hungarian presidential election

An indirect presidential election happened in Hungary on 10 March 2022. 

Katalin Novák became the first female President of Hungary after winning an absolute majority of the vote.

Carlo Bonaparte

Carlo Bonaparte (; 27 March 1746 – 24 February 1785) was a Corsican lawyer and diplomat. He is the father of Napoleon Bonaparte and grandfather of Napoleon III.

Alex Bowman

Alex Michael Bowman (born April 25, 1993) is an American race car driver. He drives the No. 48 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for Hendrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Cup Series, the No. 88 Chevrolet Camaro for JR Motorsports in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, and the No. 7 Chevrolet Silverado for Spire Motorsports in the NASCAR Truck Series. He has had arguments with drivers before. Fellow driver Denny Hamlin called him "Just a hack. An absolute hack." 

Republic of Genoa

The Republic of Genoa ( ; ; ) was a medieval republic from the 11th century to 1797 in Liguria on the northwestern part of the Italian peninsula. 

Genoa was a powerful country, it created many colonies throughout the Mediterranean and the Black Sea, including Corsica from 1347 to 1768, Monaco, Southern Crimea from 1266 to 1475 and the islands of Lesbos and Chios from the 14th century to 1462 and 1566.

Languages of Spain

The languages of Spain are shown in the box to the right. Most of these languages are part of the Romance language family. 

The Spanish language (also known as "Castilian") is the only language with official status in Spain. Some other languages have co-official or recognised status in some parts of the country.

Vangelis

Evángelos Odysséas Papathanassíou ( ; 29 March 1943 – 17 May 2022), known professionally as Vangelis ( ; ), was a Greek musician and composer. His music was electronic, progressive, ambient, jazz, and orchestral. He was best known for his Academy Award-winning score to "Chariots of Fire" (1981), as well as for composing scores to the movies "Blade Runner" (1982), "Missing" (1982), "Antarctica" (1983), "The Bounty" (1984), "" (1992), and "Alexander" (2004).

He also composed music for documentaries such as "" by Carl Sagan. He was born in Agria, Hellenic State (present-day Agria, Greece). His career began in 1963.

Vangelis died on 17 May 2022 at a hospital in Paris, France from heart failure while receiving treatment for COVID-19, aged 79.

Vangelis stated composers like Hans Stockhausen, Delia Derbyshire, Michel Legrand, Klaus Schulze, Soft Machine, Brian Eno, Jerry Goldsmith, Morton Subotnick, Max Corbacho and Neu! as influences.

Lance Kramer

'Lance Kramer' is an animation director on The Simpsons and Futurama. He was as an additional sequence director for The Simpsons Movie. He also worked as an assistant animator on The Last Traction Hero

Michael Sze

Michael Sze Cho-cheung, GBS, CBE, ISO, JP (; 23 June 1945 – 19 May 2022) was a Hong Kong politician. 

Sze was the Secretary for Constitutional Affairs from 1991 to 1994 and Secretary for the Civil Service from 1994 to 1996. He was Executive Director of the Trade Development Council (DTC) from 1996 to 2004 and chairman of the Operations Review Committee of the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) until 2014.

Sze died on 19 May 2022 in Hong Kong, aged 76.

Go Big or Go Homer

'"Go Big or Go Homer"' is the second episode of the thirty-first season of the American animated television series The Simpsons, and the 664th episode overall. It aired in the United States on Fox on October 6, 2019. The writer was John Frink.

This episode was dedicated to Jessye Norman.

John Frink

John Frink (born May 5, 1959) is an American television writer and producer. He has written several episodes of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", many of which he co-wrote with his former writing partner Don Payne. Frink and Payne started their career in television writing for the short-lived sitcom Hope and Gloria. They wrote their first episode of The Simpsons in 2000, and Frink still works on the show as a writer and executive producer.
Frink wrote the following episodes:

Frink wrote the following episodes:


Akebi

Purple Akebi is a cylindrical to oblong fruit, averaging 10-13 centimeters in length, that delicately hangs from trailing vines. There are multiple varieties of akebi fruit varying in size and appearance, but the skin is generally thick, spongy, and semi-firm with a soft give when squeezed. Five-leaf Akebia and Three-leaf Akebia are the plants that produce Akebi fruit.

Akebi fruits vary greatly in flavor, even within the same species. Some fruits have a complex flavor resembling passionfruit, banana, and lychee, while some have been described as flavorless.

Akebi can be used in many ways, from stuffing or deep frying the rinds, to mixing the pulp with other fruits and ingredients to make smoothies and other drinks. Even the young shoots and leaves are used in pickling or teas.

Ed Sanders

Edward Sanders (born August 17, 1939) is an American poet, singer, social activist, environmentalist, author, publisher and longtime member of the band the Fugs. He is a well known figure in the Beat and hippie generations. Sanders was very active in the beginning of the counterculture's creation.


Jamie Campbell Bower

James Metcalfe Campbell Bower (born 22 November 1988) is an English actor, singer, and model. He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in "", Caius in "The Twilight Saga", the young Gellert Grindelwald in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" and "".

John Aylward

John Aylward (November 7, 1946 – May 16, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for playing the former DNC chairman Barry Goodwin on the NBC television series "The West Wing" and for playing Dr. Donald Anspaugh on the NBC television series "ER". He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Aylward died in Seattle on May 16, 2022, at the age of 75.

Slovenian Democratic Party

The Slovenian Democratic Party (, SDS), formerly the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia (, SDSS), is a conservative political party in Slovenia. 

It has been described as nationalist and right-wing populist, encompassing both national and social conservatism. Led by former Prime Minister of Slovenia Janez Janša, the SDS is a member of the European People's Party (EPP), Centrist Democrat International and International Democrat Union.

Aseff Ahmad Daula

Sardar Asif Ahmad Ali Daula (21 October 1940 – 19 May 2022) was a Pakistani politician. He was the 18th Foreign Minister of Pakistan from 1993 to 1996. He was a senior member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and Pakistan Peoples Party. He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Kasur in 1994 and again in 2008. He also was the Minister for Education and Federal Minister of Information Technology and Telecommunication between 2008 and 2010.

Daula died on 19 May 2022 at the age of 81.

HBO Kids

HBO Kids (formerly Jam) is an American television block for children. It is operated by Home Box Office, Inc. (HBO). The block is shown in the mornings. HBO Kids runs on HBO Family, HBO's sister station for children and families.

The block runs from 6:00 am to between 8:00 and 9:00 am (ET) on weekdays. The programs on the block are not shown in a standard half-hour timeslot. The block used to have an weekday 4pm timeslot. That timeslot was filled with "The Electric Company". The block used to also air on weekends until October 2020.


Pikwik Pack

Pikwik Pack is a Canadian animated children's television series.

Pikwik Pack was created by Mary Bredin, Frank Falcone and Rachel Reade Marcus. It was produced by Corus Entertainment and Guru Studio. The series premiered on Disney Junior in the United States on November 7, 2020, and on Treehouse TV in Canada on December 26, 2020 and of United Kingdom on Tiny Pop. It will air on TruTv for kids on July 15, 2023. It will return to the United States to premiere on TLC on Sunday, May 16 2023, as a part of the TLC for kids block.

The Pikwik Pack includes four colorful animal friends. Suki is a thoughtful hedgehog, Axel is a fearless raccoon, Tibor is a reliable hippo, and Hazel is an adventurous cat. They travel by land, sea, and air in their various vehicles to deliver packages. The difficulty can be rough rapids, stormy skies, or a foggy forest, but when the Pikwik Pack work together, they always deliver!




Pikwik Pack: The Movie: Just Believe is a movie based on Pikwik Pack.
Carter, does not feel relaxed in Relaxing Ridge. Meanwhile, the Pikwik Pack must get to Relaxing Ridge, which is higher than they’ve ever gone before(save “Above and Beyond”). Then, the team must go along the Towering River. Suki, Axel, and Tibor do not think the team has the will to sail up the river, but Hazel tries to teach them that you can do anything - so long if you believe in yourself, and Suki, Axel, and Tibor get the message and to Relaxing Ridge with the impossible - not a single obstacle. Meanwhile, an unnamed shark wants to clear the Towering River without a single obstacle, just like the Pikwik Pack, yet he keeps falling down to the bottom of the river, and also gets Hazel’s message, and the shark sings a song called You Are The Magic. He FINALLY makes it to Relaxing Ridge, making the delivery, reprising You Are The Magic after that, and ending the film.


Nina Ynares

Nina Ricci Ynares (born October 20, 1970) is the Governor of Rizal in the Philippines. She start in office as Governor in June 30, 2022. She is the successor of the incumbent Governor, and is his mother Rebecca "Nini" Alcantara Ynares.

Nina Ricci Ynares was born in September 1970 in Rizal or Quezon City. She is the first daughter of Mr.Casimiro and Mrs.Rebecca Ynares.

In 1992 Rizal local elections her father Casimiro Ynares Jr. run as Governor and win and re-elect in 1995, 1998 and 2001. In 2001 Rizal local elections her mother Rebecca Ynares run the election and won in 2004 Rizal local elections his father Casimiro Ynares Jr. run again and won. In 2007 Rizal local elections his younger brother Casimiro Ynares III and won and run again in 2010. In his mother Rebecca Ynares run and won and run in 2016, 2019.

In 2022 Rizal local elections she run as Governor of Rizal and won.





Acacia pycnantha

Acacia pycnantha, the golden wattle, is a tree. It is the national plant of Australia. The tree is in the family Fabaceae, and is native to southeastern Australia. 

The plant grows to and has flattened leaf stalks (called phyllodes) instead of true leaves. The phyllodes are sickle-shaped, between long, and wide. 

The fragrant, golden flowers appear in late winter and spring, and then there are long seed pods. Plants are cross-pollinated by several species of honeyeater and thornbill. When birds visit nectaries, the phyllodes brush against flowers. This transfers pollen between them. 

The golden wattle is an understorey plant in eucalyptus forests. It is found from southern New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory, through Victoria and into southeastern South Australia.

Hong Gi

Hong Gi (Hangul: 홍기, Hanja: 洪基) (3 March 1916 – 20 July 2004) was the wife of South Korean President Choi Kyu-hah. She was the first lady when Choi Kyu-hah was in office, from 1979 to 1980.

Hong Gi was born in 1916 in Chūshū, Chūseihoku-dō (today Chungju, North Chungcheong Province, South Korea), the eldest of three daughters of Hong Byung-soon and Kwon Jae-hee. Her grandfather was a known Chinese scholar, and she learned Chinese from a grown-up. As a result, she did not attend a regular educational institution.

In 1935, she married Choi Kyu-hah, who was three years younger than her. Between 1935 and 1943, Choi went to study at higher institutions in Japan and Manchukuo. During this time, she lived with her in-laws. In 1964, Choi was appointed as South Korean Ambassador to Malaysia. As a result, she went with her husband to Kuala Lumpur where they lived together. During this time, she learned English while serving as the wife of the ambassador to Malaysia, and happily served as the hostess as the ambassador's wife at the garden reception. On 1967, Choi was appointed as Foreign Minister.

On 1975, Choi was elected as the Prime Minister of South Korea. During this time, Hong took care of the kitchen and laundry herself. Hong's role may change a lot depending on the change of Choi's position, but she has always stayed in the shadows.

When Choi Kyu-hah became the acting President of South Korea after the assassination of Park Chung-hee in 1979, Hong became the First Lady of South Korea on December 6, 1979. Her tenure as First Lady is the shortest in South Korean history. During her time at the Blue House, Hong only took the lead in supporting nursing homes and orphanages, but refrained from outside activities. Secretaries who have been with her for 20 to 30 years remember her as an adult who is fair, respects principles, and has contributed greatly to helping her husband to be honest. On the other hand, she is evaluated by those around her as having a strong character that is as strong as a man.

She was forced to step down from her position as First Lady in August 1980, after Major General Chun Doo-hwan and close allies within the military staged a coup d'état against Choi's government in December 1979.

After stepping down as president, Choi and his family lived quietly out of the public eye. Hong Gi suffered from Alzheimer's disease in her later years. As a result, Choi took care of his wife, while at the same time looked after his ailing health also. Choi would often visit Seoul National University Hospital, where she was admitted to. She was the friend of Lee Hee-ho, wife of former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung.

On July 20, 2004, Hong Gi died of Alzheimers at the age of 88. Her remains were initially buried at the Seoul National Cemetery. When her husband died two years later, her remains were relocated and reinterred at a special tomb site alongside Choi in the Daejeon National Cemetery.==Personal life==
Hong and Choi Kyu-hah have three children: sons (Choi Yun-hong, Choi Jong-seok) and daughter (Choi Jong-hye).




Peter Nicholas (businessman)

Peter Michael Nicholas (May 16, 1941 – May 14, 2022) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He co-founded the medical device company Boston Scientific with partner John Abele in 1979. He died on May 14, 2022, two days before his 81st birthday.

Maphevu Dlamini

Maphevu Dlamini (31 March 1922 - 24 October 1979) was a Swati soldier and politician who became the second Swati to hold the office of Prime Minister in 1976.

Chellah

The Chellah or Shalla ( or ; ), is a medieval Muslim necropolis and ancient archeological site in Rabat, Morocco. It is located on the left side of the Bou Regreg estuary. The site is a tourist attraction and is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2012.

Francesco Saverio Nitti

Francesco Saverio Nitti (19 July 1868 – 20 February 1953) was an Italian economist and political figure. He was the Prime Minister of Italy between 1919 and 1920 as a member of the Italian Radical Party.

Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu

Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu is a Nigerian Business man and a radio broadcaster. He is the founder of Small Holders Foundation.
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu is from an agricultural family in Imo State, Nigeria. He graduated from Imo State University as a Bachelor degree holder in History and International Studies. He also earn is master's degree in cooperation and development from the Institute for Advanced Studies at the University Of Pavia,in Italy in the year 2009. He attained some certificate in water resources management, poverty and human rights, and environmental education from various European universities.
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu became an Asoka Fellow in 2008. He received an award from Rolex in 2010, Wise award in 2010 and the Yara Prize for Green Revolution in Africa. 

Scinax maracaya

The Alpinopolis snouted tree frog ("Scinax maracaya") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains in Minas Gerais.

Toyin Tofade

Toyin Tofade is a Nigerian professor 
born on the 8th of January 1969. She was the first black lady to become a president of the Albany college of pharmacy and health sciences. Toyin has three children named Shola Tofade, Sheun Tofade and Fola Tofade.She obtained a bachelor's degree in the pharmacy of Obafemi Awolowo university at ile-ife Osun state. She also had a Master's degree in the pharmacy practice and a doctor of pharmacy (pharm. d). And she also had a degree UNC Eshelman School Of Pharmacy ,chapel hill, In 2016,Tofade became the Dean and Professor at the Howard University of Pharmacy College in Washington DC . She begins her term on the 1st of June 2021.

Christopher Di Lascia who chaired the presidential commitee said, "Dr Tofade posses all the desired qualities including her deep commitment to academic scholarship ,and service. Toyin Tofade is a brilliant woman and knows almost everything about medicine which made her more famous. She has a husband that lives happily with is family. He is a well handsome man who does not complain about his wife's job and he's very calm and humble.

Segun Ogunsanya

Segun Ogunsanya is the managing director and chief executive officer of Airtel Nigeria, subsidiary of Indian telecommunications conglomerate, with subsidiaries in 14 Sub-Saharan African countries.
Segun Ogunsanya became CEO (Chief Executive Officer) of Airtel Africa officially on October 1, 2021.

Ogunsanya earned a Bachelor's degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Ife in 1987. He is also a Chartered Accountant by the rules of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria.

Melfi

Melfi (Lucano: ) is a city and "comune" in the Vulture region of the province of Potenza of Basilicata. In 2015 it had a population of 17,768.

Eat Your Salad

"Eat Your Salad" is a song by the Latvian pop rap group Citi Zēni. Eat Your Salad represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2022. It made it to the first semi-final.

Catholic Church in France

The Catholic Church in France is part of the Catholic Church in communion with the Pope in Rome across the world. 

A list of Marian apparitions in France

Mick Schumacher

Mick Schumacher (born 22 March 1999) is a German racing driver who is a reserve driver for Mercedes. most recently raced for Haas F1 Team. He was born in Switzerland, but races as a German. He is the son of 7 time Champion Michael Schumacher.

Hispania

Hispania was the Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula and the provinces. Under the Roman Republic, Hispania was divided into two provinces: Hispania Citerior and Hispania Ulterior. 

During the beginning of the Roman Empire, Hispania Ulterior was divided into two new provinces, Baetica and Lusitania, while Hispania Citerior was renamed Hispania Tarraconensis. 

The Roman invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 218 BC and used it as a training ground for tactics against the Carthaginians, the Iberians, the Lusitanians, the Gallaecians and other Celts. 

Roman emperor Augustus was not able to complete the conquest until 19 BC. Much of Hispania remained autonomous until the end of the Cantabrian Wars.

In late 409 AD, the Germanic Buri, Suevi and Vandals moved into Iberia together with the Sarmatian Alans. The Suevi created a kingdom in Gallaecia and the Alans created a kingdom in Lusitania.

There were conflicts between the Chalcedonian natives and the Arian Visigoths. In 589, Recared renounced his Arianism and accepted Chalcedonian Christianity, this created an alliance between the Visigothic monarchy and the native Hispano-Romans.

On April 711, Berber Umayyad governor Tariq ibn Ziyad led around 1,700 soldiers and invaded southern Hispania from North Africa. The North Africans defeated the Visgothic army in the Battle at Guadalete in 712.

Area code 845

Area code 845 is an area code for New York. It was created in 2000 as a split from 914. It covers counties such as Rockland, Putnam, Delaware, Orange, Sullivan, and Columbia. It will be overlaid by 329 on March 24, 2023 due to the exhaustion of telephone numbers for the 845 area code.

Reccared I

Reccared I (or Recared; ; ; 559 – December 601; reigned 586–601) was Visigothic King of Hispania and Septimania. He converted from Arianism to Chalcedonian Christianity in 587. He died of natural causes in Toledo. He was married to Baddo. When Reccared I died his son Liuva II took over power.

Aquitani

The Aquitani were ancient people that lived in the region between the Pyrenees, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Garonne, in modern-day Aquitaine, France. 

Augusta Emerita

Augusta Emerita, also called Emerita Augusta, was an ancient Roman "colonia" (settlement) founded in 25 BC in present day Mérida, Spain. The city was founded by Roman Emperor Augustus and was the capital of the Roman province of Lusitania.


Iberians

The Iberians (, from , "Iberes") were pre-Indoeuropean people that inhabited on the Iberian peninsula.

Execution of Louis XVI

The execution of Louis XVI by guillotine is an important event of the French Revolution, it took place publicly on 21 January 1793 at the "Place de la Révolution" (renamed "Place de la Concorde" in 1795) in Paris. In 1791, Louis XVI tried to escape the French Revolution and terror with a carriage, he and his wife were caught by citizens of a village, even though they were close to escaping, Louis XVI was put on a trial, which lasted a month, after being convicted of high treason, he was sentenced to death by guilotine. 

At a trial on 17 January 1793, the National Convention convicted the king of high treason. No one voted "not guilty" but some deputies abstained. Louis XVI was condemned to death by a simple majority. The execution was performed four days later by Charles-Henri Sanson, who was the High Executioner of the French First Republic.

The song Viva La Vida by Coldplay is about this topic. Youtube Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE&ab_channel=Coldplay

Kawanishi, Hyōgo


From Japanese census data,


Julia van der Sprong

Julia van der Sprong (born 27 September 1999) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Netherlands women's national wheelchair basketball team, and plays for SC DeVeDo in Ermelo. She won the gold medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

She also became world champion in 2018 and European champion in 2019. 

She plays in the Dutch Eredivisie national league, with her club SC DeVeDo.

Van der Sprong was born in 1999 in Gouda. Before her impairment she did hockey, roller skating and speed skating. After a field hockey training she lost feeling in her left leg and foot. She had an inflammation that damaged nerves in her spinal cord and resulted in her having to use a wheelchair. She tried playing wheelchair tennis and wheelchair racing and switched to wheelchair basketball in 2016 in Gouda.

She studied business administration at the Radboud University in Nijmegen.


Abdul Maliki

Abdul Maliki was born in 1914 and died in 1969. He was born in Nigeria and grew up to become a politician.

Maliki started his primary education at Okene elementary school in 1923, but finished in Bida Primary School in 1927 and later went to Teachers Training College Katsina in 1929. He went to England for local government training program. 

Abdul Maliki, started his teaching job in Okene middle school in 1935. Later in 1936 he was promoted to become the suppervisor for works in Okene untill 1939. 

Joel H. Cohen

Joel H. Cohen is a Canadian award-winning producer and writer. He has worked on "Saturday Night Live", "Suddenly Susan", and "The Simpsons".

Cohen was born in Canada. He is the younger brother of one-time "The Simpsons" writer Robert Cohen, who wrote the season three episode "Flaming Moe's".


! scope="row"|2002
! scope="row"|2006
! scope="row"|2007
! scope="row"|2008
! scope="row"|2010
! scope="row"|2011
! scope="row"|2012
! scope="row"|2012
! scope="row" | 2013
! scope="row" | 2013
! scope="row" | 2014
! scope="row" | 2015
! scope="row" | 2016
! scope="row" | 2017
! scope="row" | 2018
! scope="row" | 2019
! scope="row" | 2020
! scope="row" | 2021
! scope="row" | 2021

Tidewater accent

The Tidewater accent is a variety of English spoken in the Tidewater region of Virginia. It's a subvariety of Southern American English and features include:


High Tider

The High Tider accent, also Hoi Toider for the pronunciation of the "ai" dipthong found in the dialect, is a variety of Southern American English spoken in the Outer Banks of South Carolina and North Carolina. The High Tider accent can also be called the Ocracoke Brogue.




Charleston English

Charleston English or the Charleston accent is a sub-variety of Southern American English spoken by elderly natives of Charleston, South Carolina. It is one of the older "aristocratic" Southern accents with the following features





Canadian raising

The Canadian raising or Scottish raising is a type of pronunciation in certain dialects of English. For example, Scottish English and Canadian English. In these cases, the "ai" dipthong and "ou" dipthong is pronounced "higher" with the tongue than in other varieties of English. 

The raising of the "ai" dipthong makes it similar to "oi". The raising of the "ou" dipthong makes it similar to "oo" or "oa".

New Orleans English

New Orleans English refers to the range of accents native to the Greater New Orleans metropolitan area. It's often described as New York City English or the Boston accent mixed with Southern American English. Most subvarieties are non-rhotic.

Luigi Facta

Luigi Facta (16 November 1861 – 5 November 1930) was an Italian politician, lawyer and journalist. He was the last Prime Minister of Italy before Benito Mussolini.

Drawl

A drawl is the prolongation of certain vowels in certain dialects of English. Drawls are commonly associated with Southern American English, in which vowel breaking can occur. Vowel breaking is the addition of more sounds to the vowel.

Building extension

A building extension, extension or addition is a room or set of rooms built onto a house or similar building after initial construction has been completed. Adding onto a building is a popular remodelling project to increase space within the building. These extensions can be built onto the rear, sides or fronts of buildings or can be added vertically as new storeys.

Renovation

Remodelling, remodeling or renovation is the process of changing, adding onto, repairing or otherwise changing a building such as a house. Such renovations include


Attic conversion

Attic conversion or loft conversion is the process of turning an unfinished attic into a habitable storey. Such a project is usually undertaken to add more bedrooms to a dwelling.

Basement conversion

Basement conversion is the process of turning an unfinished basement into habitable space which is heated and cooled.

TV5Monde

TV5Monde (), known as TV5, is a French television network. It broadcasts French-language programming. It is an approved participant member of the European Broadcasting Union.

The network is available across Europe on satellite via Astra 19.2°E and Eutelsat Hot Bird (13°E) (both free-to-air), online and via TVPlayer.


The Psychopath

The Psychopath is a 1966 British crime horror movie directed by Freddie Francis and starring Patrick Wymark, Margaret Johnson, John Standing, Alexander Knox, Thorley Walters, Judy Huxtable. IT wa distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Reminder

Reminders are things to help you remember something. It may also refer to:


X: The Man with the X-Ray Eyes

X: The Man with the X-Ray Eyes is a 1963 American science fiction horror movie directed by Roger Corman and starring Ray Millard, Don Rickles, John Hoyt, Harold J. Stone, Diana Van der Vlis. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


List of Zimbabwe Test cricketers

This is a list of Zimbabwean Test cricketers.

A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 11 July 2021.

Note:



Cover Up (1991 movie)

Cover Up is a 1991 American British Israeli action movie directed by Manny Coto and starring Dolph Lundgren, Louis Gossett Jr., John Finn, Peter Gilmore, Lisa Berkley, John Saint Ryan.


TiVi5 Monde

TiVi5 Monde (), stylized as TiVi5 MONDE, is an international pay television channel. It was launched at the end of January 2012.

The channel was launched by the Francophone network TV5 Monde, which is aimed mainly to French-speaking African children (4–13 years). Its main goal is to teach French to young children.

In the other regions, TiVi5 Monde is a block on TV5 Monde.

The channel was launched in the United States in 2012 on Dish Network.
On , the channel was launched in Africa on Canalsat Horizons, StarSat, and Zuku TV

TiVi5 Monde airs educational programs, cartoons, children's series and games. Starting 2016, 12% of the programs in the channel are African. All the programs are French-speaking; the channel doesn't make any French dubbing of American series. Its programs both playful and educational are broadcast without advertising.

This is a list of the programs formerly or currently broadcast on the channel:



Over the Top (1987 movie)

Over the Top is a 1987 American action drama movie directed by Menahem Golan and starring Sylvester Stallone, Robert Loggia, Susan Blakely, Rick Zumwalt, David Mendenhall, Terry Funk, Jimmy Keegan, Allan Graf. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Aldosterone

Aldosterone is an important steroid hormone. It keeps sodium in the kidney, salivary glands, sweat glands, and colon.

It plays a central role in the homeostatic regulation of blood pressure, plasma sodium (Na), and potassium (K) levels. Indirectly, it influences water retention or loss, blood pressure and blood volume.

Built environment

The built environment or built world is the human made environment including all buildings, bridges, roads, transportation systems, machines, etc. The built environment is defined as the artificial spaces like structures, vehicles, etc in or on which people live, work and play on a daily basis and is distinct from nature.

Cisterna

A cisterna (plural: cisternae) is any membrane-bound sac. They can be found in the Golgi apparatus and in the endoplasmic reticulum. It is the flattened sac on the branch of the endoplasmic reticulum and the curved sac on the branch of the Golgi apparatus.

Cisternae are on the trans face of the Golgi apparatus. They are in the cytoplasm next to the endoplasmic reticulum and near the cell nucleus.

The cisternae play an important role in the packaging, modification, and transport in the cell. They help the transport of proteins and other enzymes from the Golgi. Cisternae transport proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum to the vesicles of the Golgi apparatus.

Brazier

A brazier is a container used to burn charcoal or any other solid fuel for cooking, heating or cultural rituals. It often takes the form of a metal box or bowl with feet. Its elevation helps to circulate air, giving oxygen to the fire. Braziers have been used since ancient times; the Nimrud brazier dates to at least 824 BC.

The word brazier is said in the Bible. The Hebrew word for brazier is believed to be of Egyptian origin, suggesting that it was imported from Egypt. The single reference to it in the Bible being the following verse:


Roman Emperor Jovian was poisoned by the fumes from a brazier in his tent in 364, ending the line of Constantine.

Yadav

Yadav (literally, descended from Yadu; also called Ahir or Yaduvanshi), is a caste/clan/tribe of the Indian subcontinent that is predominantly found in India, but also in Nepal and Pakistan. The Ahir/Yadavs were traditionally warrior-pastoralists. As the name of one of the five Aryan clans mentioned in the Rig Veda as Panchjanya, meaning "five people", It is the common name given to the five most ancient Vedic tribes. People of the Yadav/Ahir caste generally follow Vaishnav traditions. In the 1881 census records of the British Empire it is stated that "the Yadavas, who in their turn are identified with the Gwals and Ahirs, were the dominant race at that time. The Yadavs are Kshatriyas and a branch of the Lunar dynasty that descends from Yayati's oldest son Yadu, and parallels the branch (which includes the Kurus) that descends from Yayati's youngest son Puru.

The Yadavs, mentioned in the Mahabharata, were Pastoral-Kshatriyas among whom Krishna was brought up. The Gopas, whom Krishna had offered to Duryodhana to fight in his support when he himself joined Arjuna's side, were no other than the Yadavs themselves, who were also the Ahirs. In the Mahabharata it is mentioned that when the Yadavas (belonging to the Abhira group) abandoned Dwaraka and Gujarat after the death of Krishna and retreated northwards under Arjuna's leadership, they were attacked and broken up.Yadav single largest community/human race alive in the world.

Yadavs are the descendants of Yadu, the eldest son of King Yayati. It is said that Yadu was expelled by Yayati from his kingdom and became a rebel. His successor was Madhu, who ruled from Madhuvana, situated on the banks of river Yamuna, which extended up to Saurastra and Anarta (Gujrat). His daughter Madhumati married Harinasva of Ikshvaku race, from whom Yadu was born again, this time being ancestor of Yadavas. Nanda, the foster father of Krishna, was born in the line of succession of Madhu and ruled from the same side of Yamuna. Jarasandh, Kansa's father-in-law, and king of Magadha attacked Yadavas to avenge Kansa's death. Yadavas had to shift their capital from Mathura (central Aryavart) to Dwaraka (on the western coast of Aryavart) on the Sindhu. Yadu was a legendary Hindu king, believed to be an ancestor of the god Krishna, who for this reason is sometimes referred to as Yadava.

The Yadavs of the Mahabharata period were known to be the followers of Vaisnavism, of which Krishna was the leader. They were the gopas (cowherd) by profession, but at the same time they held the status of the Kshatriyas, participating in the battle of Kurukshetra. The present Ahirs are also followers of Vaisnavism. In the Epics and the Puranas the association of the Yadavas with the Abhiras (Ahirs) was attested by the evidence that the Yadava kingdom was " mostly inhabited by the Abhiras (Ahirs)".

In the Indian History particularly with reference to the Vedic period the Yadavs had a great past, a glorious past and Yadavas were known for their bravery and diplomatic wisdom. The Mahabharata period which was the period of Yadavas is known for republican and democratic government.

Ramprasad Chanda, points to the fact that in the Indra is said to have brought Turvasu and Yadu from over the sea, and Yadu and Turvasu are called Barbarian or Dasa. After analyzing the ancient legends and traditions he comes to the conclusion that Yadavas were originally settled in the Kathiawar peninsula and subsequently spread to Mathura.

Of the Yadus, Rigveda provides two very interesting data, first, that they were arajinah - without King or non-monarchical, and second that Indra brought them from beyond the sea and made them worthy of consecration. A. D. Pusalkar observed that Yadvas were called Asuras in the epic and puranas, which may be due to mixing with non-aryans and the looseness in observance of Aryan Dharma. It is important to note that even in the Mahabharata Krishna is called Sanghmukhya - Head of Sangh (congress). Bimanbehari Majumdar points out at one place in the mahabharata Yadavas are called Vratyas and at another place Krishna speaks of his tribe consisting of eighteen thousand vratyas. It is interesting to note that much later,

Abhira of Deccan were called Andhra-Vratyas, and Puranas refer to them as Vratyas on many occasions. A Vratya is one who lives outside the fold of the dominant Aryan Society and practice their own form of austerity and esoteric rites. some scholars conjecture that they might have been the source of non-aryan beliefs and practices introduced into Vedic religion.

Genetically, they are in Indo-Caucasoid family.￼

The Yadavs are divided into different subdivisions which have different ritual ranks (Yaduvanshi, Goallavanshi and Nandavanshi). There is nonetheless a strong belief amongst them that all Yadavs belong to.

The Haihayas were an ancient confederacy of five "gana"s (clans), who were believed to have descended from a common ancestor, Yadu. These five clans are Vitihotra, Sharyata, Bhoja, Avanti and Tundikera. The five Haihaya clans called themselves the Talajanghas According to the "Puranas", Haihaya was the grandson of Sahasrajit, son of Yadu. Kautilya in his "" mentioned about the Haihayas. In the Puranas, Arjuna Kartavirya conquered Mahishmati from Karkotaka Naga and made it his capital.

Later, the Haihayas were also known by the name of the most dominant clan amongst them — the Vitihotras. According to the "Puranas", Vitihotra was the great-grandson of Arjuna Kartavirya and eldest son of Talajangha. Ripunjaya, the last Vitihotra ruler of Ujjayini was overthrown by his "amatya" (minister) Pulika, who placed his son, Pradyota on the throne. The "Mahagovindasuttanta" of the "Dighanikaya" mentions about an Avanti king Vessabhu (Vishvabhu) and his capital Mahissati (Mahishmati). Probably he was a Vitihotra ruler.

In the Balakanda (70.28) of the Ramayana, the Shashabindus are mentioned along with the Haihayas and the Talajanghas. The Shashabindus or Shashabindavas are believed as the descendants of Shashabindu, a "Chakravartin" (universal ruler) and son of Chitraratha, great-great-grandson of Kroshtu.

The Chedis or Chaidyas were an ancient Yadava clan, whose territory was conquered by a Kuru king Vasu, who thus obtained his epithet, "Chaidyoparichara" (the overcomer of the Chaidyas) or "Uparichara" (the overcomer). According to the Puranas, the Chedis were descendants of Chidi, son of Kaishika, grandson of Vidarbha, a descendant of Kroshta. And the son of King Chidi was Maharaja DamGhosha (Father of Shishupal in Mahabharata). And then the lineage was called Hindu Ghosis.

According to the Puranas, the Vidarbhas or Vaidarbhas were descendants of Vidarbha, son of Jyamagha, a descendant of Kroshtu. Most well known Vidarbha king was Bhishmaka, father of Rukmin and Rukmini. In the Matsya Purana and the Vayu Purana, the Vaidarbhas are described as the inhabitants of Deccan ("Dakshinapatha vasinah").

According to the Aitareya Brahmana (VIII.14), the Satvatas were a southern people held in subjection by the Bhojas. The Satapatha Brahmana (XIII.5.4.21) mentions that Bharata seized the sacrificial horse of the Satvatas. Panini, in his "Ashtadhyayi" mentions the Satvatas also as being of the "Kshatriya gotra", having a "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government but in the Manusmriti (X.23), the Satvatas are placed in the category of the "Vratya Vaishyas".

According to a tradition, found in the Harivamsa (95.5242-8), Satvata was a descendant of the Yadava king Madhu and Satvata's son Bhima was contemporary with Rama. Bhima recovered the city of Mathura from the Ikshvakus after the death of Rama and his brothers. Andhaka, son of Bhima Satvata was contemporary with Kusha, son of Rama. He succeeded his father to the throne of Mathura.

The Andhakas, the Vrishnis, the Kukuras, the Bhojas and the Surasenas are believed to have descended from Satvata, a descendant of Kroshtu. These clans were also known as the Satvata clans.

According to the "Ashtadhyayi" (IV.1.114) of Panini, the Andhakas were of the "Kshatriya gotra", having a "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government In the "Drona Parva" (141.15) of the "Mahabharata", Andhakas were categorized as the "Vratya"s (deviators from orthodoxy). According to the Puranas, the Andhakas were the descendants of Bhajamana, son of Andhaka and grandson of Satvata.

According to the "Mahabharata", the allied army of the Andhakas, the Bhojas, the Kukuras and the Vrishnis in the Kurukshetra War was led by Kritavarma, son of Hridika, an Andhaka. But, in the same text, he was also referred as a Bhoja of Mrittikavati.

According to the Aitareya Brahmana (VIII.14), the Bhojas were a southern people, whose princes held the Satvatas in subjection. The Vishnu Purana (IV.13.1-61) mentions the Bhojas as a branch of the Satvatas. According to this text, Bhojas of Mrittikavati were descendants of Mahabhoja, son of Satvata. But, according to a number of other Puranic texts, the Bhojas were descendants of Babhru, grandson of Satvata. In the Adi Parva of the "Mahabharata" (85.3533) and in a passage of the "Matsya Purana" (34.30) the Bhojas are mentioned as the "mleccha"s. But another passage of the "Matsya Purana" (44.69) describes them as pious and the performers of the religious rites.

Kautilya in his (XI.1.5), describes the Kukuras as a clan, having "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government, whose leader uses the title of ' ('). According to the Bhagavata Purana, the Kukuras occupied the territory around Dwarka. The Vayu Purana mentions that the Yadava ruler Ugrasena belonged to this clan ("Kukurodbhava"). According to the Puranas, Ahuka, an Kukura, had two sons by a Kashi princess, Ugrasena and Devaka. Ugrasena had nine sons and five daughters, Kamsa being the eldest. Devaka had four sons and seven daughters, Devaki was one of them. Kamsa usurped the throne of Mathura after imprisoning Ugrasena. But later he was killed by Krishna, son of Devaki, who re-installed Ugrasena to the throne.

The Nashik Cave Inscription of Gautami Balashri mentions that her son Gautamiputra Satakarni conquered the Kukuras. The Junagadh Rock Inscription of Rudradaman I includes the Kukuras in the list of the peoples conquered by him.

The Vrishnis are mentioned in a number of Vedic texts, which include the Taittiriya Samhita (III.2.9.3), the Taittiriya Brahmana (III.10.9.15), the Satapatha Brahmana (III.1.1.4) and the Jaiminiya Upanishad Brahmana (I.6.1). The Taittiriya Samhita and the Jaiminiya Upanishad Brahmana mention about a teacher, Gobala belonging to this clan.

Although, Panini, in his "Ashtadhyayi" (IV.1.114) includes the Vrishnis in the list of the clans of the "Kshatriya gotra", having a "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government, but in the "Drona Parva" (141.15) of the "Mahabharata", the Vrishnis, like the Andhakas were categorized as the "Vratya"s (deviators from orthodoxy). In the "Shanti Parva" (81.25) of the "Mahabharata", the Kukuras, the Bhojas, the Andhakas and the Vrishnis are together referred as a "sangha", and Vasudeva Krishna as "Sanghamukhya" (seignor of the "sangha") According to the Puranas, Vrishni was one of the four sons of Satvata. Vrishni had three (or four) sons, Anamitra (or Sumitra), Yudhajit and Devamidhusha. Shura was son of Devamidhusha. His son Vasudeva was father of Balarama and Krishna.

According to the Harivamsa (II.4.37-41), the Vrishnis worshipped goddess Ekanamsha, who, elsewhere in the same text (II.2.12), described as daughter of Nandagopa. The Mora Well Inscription, found from a village near Mathura and dated to the early decades of the Common era records the installation of the images of the five Vrishni "vira"s (heroes) in a stone shrine by a person, named Tosha. These five Vrishni heroes have been identified with Samkarshana, Vasudeva, Pradyumna, Aniruddha and Samba from a passage in the Vayu Purana (97.1-2).

A unique silver coin of the Vrishnis was discovered from Hoshiarpur, Punjab. This coin is presently preserved in the British Museum, London. Later, a number of copper coins, clay seals and sealings issued by the Vrishnis were also discovered from Sunet, near Ludhiana.

The Shaineyas are believed to have descended from Shini, son of Anamitra, son of Vrishni. In the "Mahabharata" and the Puranas, the most notable Shaineya was Yuyudhana, son of Satyaka and grandson of Shini. He was a contemporary of Krishna. According to the Puranas, Asanga and Yugandhara were his son and grandson respectively.

A number of Puranas mention Akrura, a Vrishni, as the ruler of Dvaraka. His name is found in the Nirukta (2.2) as the holder of the jewel. In the Puranas, Akrura is mentioned as the son of Shvaphalka, who was great-grandson of Vrishni and Gandini. In the "Mahabharata", the "Bhagavata Purana" and the "Brahma Purana", he was mentioned as the keeper of the Syamantaka, the most well-known jewel of the Yadavas. According to the Puranas Akrura had two sons, Devavant and Upadeva.

According to the "Mausala Parva" (7.185-253) of the "Mahabharata" a few years after the "Kurukshetra War", Andhaka-Vrsni Yadava clans of Dvaraka were destroyed due to a fratricidal war. Both Balarama and Krishna died soon after this war. Later, son of Kritavarma became ruler of Mrittikavati and grandson of Yuyudhana became ruler of the territory near the Sarasvati River. The rest of the surviving Yadavas took refuge in Indraprastha. Vajra, great-grandson of Krishna was installed as their king.

Vajra is mentioned as the great-grandson of Krishna in the Vishnu Purana. According to a section of this text (IV.15.34-42), he was the son of Aniruddha and Subhadra. But according or another section (V.32.6-7), he was the son of Aniruddha and Usha, daughter of Bana and granddaughter of Bali. Bahu (or Pratibahu) was his son and Sucharu was his grandson. Elsewhere in this text (V.38.34), he was mentioned as installed as king in Mathura instead of Indraprastha.

The narrative of the Yadava fratricidal war is also found in two Jataka tales of the Pali Buddhist canon: the "Ghata Jataka" and the "Samkicca Jataka". According to the "Ghata Jataka", Vasudeva, Baladeva and eight other "Andhaka-Venhu" (probably, a corrupt form of "Andhaka-Venhi", Pali equivalent to Sanskrit Andhaka-Vrishni) brothers seized Dvaravati and killed its king Kamsa. Later, these brothers fought amongst themselves and except Vasudeva and Baladeva everybody died. Vasudeva and Baladeva also died soon after. The "Samkicca Jataka" mentions that the "Andhaka-Venhu"s killed each other. Kautilya also in his (I.6.10) mentioned about the destruction of Vrishni clan because of their foolhardiness.

According to a modern historian, Romila Thapar, the kinship system of the Yadavas shows traces of matrilineal structure, which is found from the mention of their cross-cousin marriages. This is particularly prohibited in the Indo Aryan kinship system. The Vishnu Purana mentions that Krishna married Rukmini, a Vidarbha princess. His son Pradyumna married Kakudvati, daughter of Rukmin, brother of Rukmini. Pradyumna's son Aniruddha married Subhadra, granddaughter of Rukmin.

Collegium musicum

A collegium musicum (plural: collegia musica) is a group of music lovers and musicians. They come together to perform music. There were many collegia musica in 18th-century Germany. They were often not employed by churches or noblemen.

Georg Philipp Telemann created a collegium musicum in Leipzig. Johann Sebastian Bach would later become the leader of this collegium.

Ottoman Turkey

The Ottoman dynasty rule of the Turkey lasted from 1299 to 1922. The Ottoman Turks, were the Turkic founding and most populated ethnic group of the Ottoman Empire.

Ottomans take their dynastic name, "Osmanli" from the house of Osman I. He reigned about 1299–1326. He was the founder of the House of Osman. This was the ruling dynasty of the Ottoman Empire for its 624 years. 

The Ottoman principality included other Turkish-speaking Muslims and non-Turkish Christians. Turks had advantages over non-Turks on issues like taxation, voting and legal rights. 

The Ottomans invaded Europe in the 1350s. They dominated the Mediterranean Sea. In 1453, they invaded Constantinople (the capital city of the Byzantine Empire). The Turks blocked all major land routes between Asia and Europe. West Europeans had to find other ways to trade with the East.

Scinax danae

The Bolivar snouted tree frog ("Scinax danae") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists think it could also live in Guyana.

Lift Every Voice and Sing

"Lift Every Voice and Sing" is a hymn. James Weldon Johnson wrote the words of the hymn. His brother, J. Rosamond Johnson wrote the music. The hymn is from the point of view of African Americans, in the late 19th century. It is a prayer of thanksgiving, faithfulness, and freedom. Images in the hymn are from the book of Exodus in the Bible, where the people are freed from slavery, and led to the "promised land". 

The song was first performed in 1900. It has been popular in Black communities since then. In 1917, the NAACP began to promote the hymn as a "Negro national anthem". It has been part of 42 different Christian hymnals. Different African American singers and musicians have also performed it. 

James Weldon Johnson–Chair of the Florida Baptist Academy in Jacksonville, Florida, wanted to write a poem in memory of Abraham Lincoln's birthday. However, amid the ongoing civil rights movement; Johnson decided to write a poem which was themed around the struggles of African Americans after the Reconstruction era (including the passage of Jim Crow laws in the South). "Lift Every Voice and Sing" was first recited by a group of 500 students in 1900. His brother J. Rosamond Johnson later wrote music to go with the poem.

After the Great Fire of 1901, the Johnsons moved to New York City to work on Broadway. In the years that followed, "Lift Every Voice and Sing" was sung within Black communities; Johnson wrote that "the school children of Jacksonville kept singing it; they went off to other schools and sang it; they became teachers and taught it to other children. Within twenty years it was being sung over the South and in some other parts of the country."

A sculpture by Augusta Savage named after the song was shown at the World Fair in New York in 1939. It showed children singing, and the children stood in a group which was shaped like a harp. Savage was the only Black woman asked to make something for the Fair. The sculpture was called "The Harp" by organizers. Small copies of it and postcards showing it were sold at the fair. Like many other things shown at the fair, it was thrown away when the fair closed.

In 1919, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) called "Lift Every Voice and Sing" the "Negro national anthem". It did this, because of the song's power in voicing a cry for liberation and affirmation for African American people. James Weldon Johnson would become the NAACP's first executive secretary the following year. It has also been called "the Black national anthem".

Calling the song "the Black national anthem" has been criticized. Timothy Askew, an associate professor at the historically Black Clark Atlanta University, argued that the use of the term "Black national anthem" could incorrectly say that Black communities wanted to separate from other Americans. In his view, the words of the hymn do not overtly refer to any specific race, and "identity should be developed by the individual himself, not by a group of people who think they know what is best for you." Because of this, the song has also been sung by people who are not African American. Some Conservative commentators have similarly criticized performances and references to "Lift Every Voice and Sing" as the "Black national anthem" as separatist and diminishing to "The Star-Spangled Banner" as the national anthem of the United States.

In response to Askew's remarks, the NAACP's then-senior vice president of advocacy and policy Hilary O. Shelton told CNN that the hymn "was adopted and welcomed by a very interracial group, and it speaks of hope in being full first-class citizens in our society", used in conjunction with the U.S. national anthem or the Pledge of Allegiance during public events, "It is evident in our actions as an organization and here in America it is evidence that we are about inclusion, not exclusion. To claim that we as African-Americans want to form a confederation or separate ourselves from white people because of one song is baffling to me."

In February 2022, Representative Jim Clyburn said that he wanted "Lift Every Voice and Sing" to become the "national hymn" of the United States.

In mid-2020, "Lift Every Voice and Sing" began to receive wider public attention amid nationwide protests over the police murder of George Floyd: it was sung during demonstrations and other events which were held in solidarity. Presidential candidate Joe Biden referenced the hymn in his action plan for addressing racial disparities in the United States, which was titled "Lift Every Voice: The Biden Plan for Black America". On June 19, 2020, Google featured a Juneteenth-themed animation on its home page, set to a spoken word rendition of the hymn's first verse by LeVar Burton. In 2021, Vanessa Williams sung "Lift Every Voice and Sing" on the PBS Independence Day special "A Capitol Fourth", marking the recognition of Juneteenth as a federal holiday.

The hymn also began to be used in sporting events: during NASCAR's 2020 Pocono 350, musicians Mike Phillips and West Byrd quoted "Lift Every Voice and Sing" as part of their rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner", while the National Football League announced that "Lift Every Voice and Sing" would be played or performed as part of the pre-game ceremonies of all Week 1 games during the 2020 season. The decision came as part of a new social justice campaign being introduced by the NFL, stemming from the league's acknowledgements of the Black Lives Matter movement, and its handling of players taking a knee during the singing of the national anthem in order to protest against racial inequality and police brutality. The NFL's opening night kickoff game featured a filmed performance of the hymn by Alicia Keys at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, which was later replayed as part of the pre-game show of Super Bowl LV on February 7, 2021. The NFL stated that it would again feature the hymn at Week 1 games and other "tentpole" events (including the NFL Draft and playoff games) during the 2021 season. Some African American fans who were interviewed by NBC News felt that the NFL's decision was "pandering" that would not have a material impact on the league's pursuits of social justice.


List of sovereign states and dependent territories in North America

This is a list of sovereign states and dependent territories in North America.


Emiliano Mercado del Toro

Emiliano Mercado del Toro (August 21, 1891 – January 24, 2007) was a Puerto Rican longevity record-holder and military veteran who was, at age 115, the world's oldest person following the death of 116-year-old Elizabeth Bolden on December 11, 2006, and the world's oldest man from November 19, 2004 (death of Fred H. Hale, Sr.) until his own death on January 24, 2007.

At the time of his death in January 2007, at the age of 115 years and 156 days, Mercado was the second oldest fully validated male ever, behind Danish-American Christian Mortensen's record of 115 years 252 days, Although Shigechiyo Izumi was still believed to be older at the time of his death. Izumi's record was withdrawn by Guinness World Records in 2010.

He is also the oldest validated person ever in the history of Puerto Rico. On 21 May 2006, he reached the age of 114 years, 273 days, surpassing the previous recordholder, Ramona Trinidad Iglesias-Jordan's final age.

He was the last remaining undisputed person born in 1891, and the last remaining undisputed male person born before 1895. After Mercado's death, Emma Tillman took over as the world's oldest person, but died 4 days later.


Hymnal

A hymnal is a collection of hymns. All the people ("the congregation") usually sing some of these hymns, during a Christian religious service. A hymnal is different form a song book; each group has its own hymnal. Groups who aren't religious also have hymnals: there's one for scouts, there are hymals for different student associations, or for soldiers. 

Hymnals usually contain the text of the hymn, and sometimes there are scores (which render the melody). For hymns that are well-known, the score may be missing.

2022–2023 monkeypox outbreak

An ongoing outbreak of monkeypox was confirmed on 6 May 2022 in the United Kingdom, beginning in a British resident who had travelled to Nigeria, where the disease is endemic, and while there, had symptoms of monkeypox on 29 April 2022. This person returned to the United Kingdom on 4 May, becoming the index case of the outbreak into the country.

Cases have been reported in many countries in Europe, with some in North and South America, Israel and Australia. Before the global outbreak, monkeypox was endemic in West and Central Africa.

On 20 May 2022, the World Health Organization (WHO) held an emergency meeting to discuss the outbreak. On 23 July 2022, WHO announced that the outbreak is a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.

The smallpox vaccine Imvanex (Jynneos) is 85% effective against monkeypox. The UKHSA has begun using Imvanex as post-exposure treatment for close contacts of known cases. There is no evidence that this vaccination will not be effective during this outbreak.


Endemic (epidemiology)

In epidemiology, an infection is said to be endemic in a population when that infection is not spread quickly or not a lot of people are infected for it to become a pandemic. For example, chickenpox is endemic (steady state) in the United Kingdom, but malaria is not. 

Monkeypox

Monkeypox is an infectious disease caused by the monkeypox virus that can happen in certain animals, including humans. Symptoms begin with fever, headache, muscle pains, swollen lymph nodes, and feeling tired. This is followed by a rash that forms blisters and forms a hard layer. The time from exposure to feeling these symptoms is around 10 days. The duration of symptoms is typically two to four weeks.

Monkeypox was first identified in 1958 among laboratory monkeys in Copenhagen, Denmark. Monkeys are, however, not a natural carrier of the virus. The first cases in humans were found in 1970 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The 2022 monkeypox outbreak is the index case of widespread community transmission outside of Africa, which began in the United Kingdom in May 2022, with more cases confirmed in Europe, North America and Australia.

It can be successfully treated using preparations from the purple pitcher plant, which Native Americans used as a smallpox remedy.

Monkeypox virus

Monkeypox virus (MPV or MPXV) is a double-stranded DNA, zoonotic virus that causes monkeypox in humans and other animals. It belongs to the genus "Orthopoxvirus" in the family Poxviridae. It is not related to smallpox. Monkeypox disease is similar to smallpox, but with a milder rash and lower death rate.

Boeing Starliner

The Boeing CST-100 is a class of two partially reusable spacecraft designed to transport crew to the International Space Station (ISS) and other low-Earth-orbit destinations. It is manufactured by Boeing for its participation in NASA's Commercial Crew Program (CCP). 

In late 2019 the uncrewed Boeing Starliner Orbital Flight Test (Boe-OFT) launched on a Atlas V N22 and reached orbit, but the flight was not successful. NASA allowed Boeing a repeat test flight, Boe-OFT 2, which was to launch in August 2021, but was cancelled due to technical problems. OFT-2 ended up launching on 19 May 2022. 

Boeing Orbital Flight Test 2

The Boeing Orbital Flight Test-2 (also known as Boe OFT-2) is a repeat of Boeing's failed first Orbital Flight Test (OFT-1) of its Starliner spacecraft. The uncrewed mission is part of NASA's Commercial Crew Program. The Starliner OFT-2 mission launched 19 May 2022 at 22:54:47 UTC or (6:54:47 PM EST) and is planned to last one week. Starliner successfully docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on 21 May 2022 at 00:28 UTC or (8:28 PM EST).

Chete Lera

Ramón Mariano Fernández Lera (1949 – 19 May 2022), better known as Chete Lera, was a Spanish actor. He was "The Red Squirrel", "Secrets of the Heart", "Familia", "Barrio", "Open Your Eyes", "Flores de otro mundo", and "Full Moon". Lera was born in A Estrada, Spain.

Lera was killed in a car crash on 19 May 2022 in Rincón de la Victoria, Spain at the age of 72.

Jiří Zídek Sr.

Jiří Zídek Sr. (8 February 1944 – 21 May 2022) was a Czech professional basketball player and coach. He was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2019. He played for the Czechoslovakia men's national basketball team in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Zídek Sr. was born in Prague.

Zídek Sr. died on 21 May 2022 in Prague, Czech Republic at the age of 78.

Glenn Hackney

Glenn Hackney (December 22, 1924 – May 20, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1973 to 1977 and the Alaska Senate from 1977 to 1981. 

Hackney was killed in a car crash in Fairbanks, Alaska on May 20, 2022 at the age of 97.

Aroha Reriti-Crofts

Dame Aroha Hōhipera Reriti-Crofts (née Crofts; 28 August 1938 – 20 May 2022) was a New Zealand community activist. She was the national president of the Māori Women’s Welfare League from 1990 until 1993. She was the active community worker for the Māori in New Zealand. Reriti-Crofts was born in Tuahiwi, New Zealand.

Reriti-Crofts died on 20 May 2022 in Christchurch, New Zealand at the age of 83.

Susan Roces

Jesusa Purificacion Levy Sonora-Poe (July 28, 1941 – May 20, 2022), better known by her screen name Susan Roces (), was a Filipina actress. She was known for her roles in "Ang Daigdig Ko'y Ikaw" (1965), "Gumising Ka Maruja" (1967), "Patayin Mo Sa Sindak Si Barbara" (1974), "Maligno" and "" (2003). Her adoptive daughter is Grace Poe.

Roces died on May 20, 2022 in Manila, Philippines from a heart attack at the age of 80.

Kirill Teiter

Kirill Teiter (25 August 1952 – 20 May 2022) was an Estonian politician. Teiter was born in Tallinn, Estonia. He was a member of the Riigikogu from 1992 until 1995. 

Teiter died on 20 May 2022 in Tallinn, aged 69.

Peter &amp; Lois' Wedding

"Peter & Lois' Wedding" is the sixth episode of the thirty-first season American animated television series Family Guy. Written by Mark Hentemann and directed by Joe Vaux, originally aired on on November 10, 2019, Fox In the episode, Peter and Lois tell the kids the story of how they met and fell in love. Guest Voices on Mike Judge as Beavis and Butt-Head
When the Wi-Fi goes out in the Griffin house, to keep the family entertained, Peter and Lois decide to tell the kids the story of how they met and fell in love in the '90s.

After graduating, Peter and his friends all move to the big city. But even after a break up with Lois, he still carries a torch for her. He works up the nerve to propose to her but finds that she's already engaged to Tom Tucker at the urging of her father. Peter makes a mix tape to win her back, but when things look settled, Carter plots to set Peter up.

Sending everyone to the MTV Beach House, Carter pays Daisy Fuentes to catch Peter in a compromising position, which infuriates Lois when she sees it. Following yet another breakup, Peter and his friends go into business and become tech entrepreneurs, but Peter still can't get over Lois. He interrupts her wedding to Tom Tucker to tell her he still loves her. She still refuses his advances, believing that he kissed Daisy. However, the latter informs her that she kissed Peter on Carter's orders, reconnecting the pair. They elope and are married at Fenway Park, despite some second thoughts from Lois who is already pregnant with Meg.

Homer the Vigilante

"Homer the Vigilante"' is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 6, 1994. In the episode, a crime wave caused by an elusive cat burglar plagues Springfield. Lisa is distraught when her saxophone is stolen, and Homer promises to get it back. The police are ineffective, so Homer takes charge of a neighborhood watch. Under his leadership, it becomes a vigilante group which fails to catch the burglar. With the help of Grampa, Homer discovers that the burglar is a charming senior named Molloy. Molloy is arrested, but he outwits the citizens of Springfield and escapes.

Darlinghurst, New South Wales

Darlinghurst is an inner-city (central point of the city) and suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Darlinghurst is east of the Sydney central business district (CBD) and Hyde Park, within the local government area of the City of Sydney. It is often by the nickname "Darlo".

Marrickville, New South Wales

Marrickville is a suburb in the Inner West of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Marrickville is south-west of the Sydney central business district and is the largest suburb in the Inner West Council local government area.

Richard Marles

Richard Donald Marles (born 13 July 1967) is an Australian politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of Australia since 2022. He has also been deputy leader of the Australian Labor Party (ALP) since 2019. He was a parliamentary secretary from 2009 to 2013, and briefly was Minister for Trade in the second Rudd Government from June to September 2013.

2013 Australian federal election

The 2013 Australian federal election to elect the members of the 44th Parliament of Australia took place on 7 September 2013. The centre-right Liberal/National Coalition opposition led by Opposition leader Tony Abbott of the Liberal Party of Australia and Coalition partner the National Party of Australia, led by Warren Truss, beat the incumbent centre-left Labor Party government of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.

The 44th Parliament of Australia opened on 12 November 2013, with the members of the House of Representatives and territory senators sworn in. The state senators were sworn in by the next Governor-General Peter Cosgrove on 7 July 2014, with their six-year terms commencing on 1 July.

Marco Cornez

Marco Antonio Cornez Bravo (15 October 1957 – 21 May 2022) was a Chilean football goalkeeper. He played for Club Deportivo Palestino, Universidad Católica, Club de Deportes Antofagasta, Everton de Viña del Mar and Municipal Iquique. He was a goalkeeper for Chile national football team at the 1982 FIFA World Cup. His international career lasted from 1982 to 1995. Cornez was born in Valparaíso, Chile.

Cornez was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 2021. He died on 21 May 2022 from the disease in Santiago de Chile, aged 64. 

Karlstad, Minnesota

Karlstad is a city in Kittson County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 710 at the 2020 census.

Hallock, Minnesota

Hallock is a city in and the county seat of Kittson County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 906 at the 2020 census.

María Isabel Rodríguez

María Isabel Rodríguez (born November 5, 1922) is a Salvadoran physician, academic, and politician. She was born in San Salvador, El Salvador. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador from 1956 until 1957, one of the first assemblywomen in the country. She was the Minister of Health and Social Welfare from 2009 until 2014 during the Mauricio Funes presidency.

List of Zimbabwe ODI cricketers

This is a list of Zimbabwean One-day International cricketers displaying career statistics for all players that have represented Zimbabwe in at least one One Day International (ODI). An ODI is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 21 January 2022.



Israeli Network

The Israeli Network () is an international private television network. It launched September 2001 and features programming from all the top networks in Israel including Kan 11, Keshet 12, Reshet 13, Channel 10, Channel 8, Israeli Educational Television, Arutz HaYeladim, Hop! and Sports Channel.

The Israeli Network is available in North America; in the United States via Dish Network, Cablevision, Verizon FiOS & Comcast and in Canada via Rogers Cable & Bell Fibe TV through a partnership with Ethnic Channels Group. It is also available in Europe and Africa through select providers and now in Caribbean Latin America Middle East Asia and the Pacific.



List of Bahamas Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Bahamas Twenty20 International cricketers.

In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Bahamas and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 are eligible for T20I status. Bahamas will play their first T20I matches in November 2021 during the 2021 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier in Antigua.

This list comprises all members of the Bahamas cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Mike B. Anderson

Mike B. Anderson (born 1973), sometimes credited as Mikel B. Anderson, is an American television director who works on "The Simpsons" and has directed numerous episodes of the show, and was animated first role in "Who Shot Mr. Burns?" And last role Halloween of Horror.

Lisa the Iconoclast

"Lisa the Iconoclast" is the sixteenth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 18, 1996. In this episode, Lisa Simpson writes an essay on Springfield founder Jebediah Springfield for the town's bicentennial. While doing research, she learns he was a murderous pirate who viewed the town's citizens with contempt. Lisa and Homer try to reveal the truth about Jebediah but only anger Springfield's residents. It was originally advertised in commercials as a Presidents Day special episode. It aired the day before Presidents Day in the dream Who Shot Mr. Burns? Wait a minute.

The episode was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein directed by Jeffrey Lynch.
As Springfield celebrates its bicentennial, Miss Hoover assigns Lisa's second-grade class essays on Jebediah Springfield, the town's founder. Meanwhile, Mayor Quimby proclaims Homer the town crier during tryouts for historical figures in the town's upcoming celebration. Because his "criering" is better than Ned Flanders', Homer seizes Ned's heirloom hat and bell as props Lisa visits the town's historical society to research Jebediah's life. She meets the Antiquarian curator who gives her access to Jebediah's possessions. While playing his fife, she discovers his "confession" and his secret past as a pirate known as Hans Sprungfeld until 1796. After trying to kill George Washington, he wrote his confession on the back of Washington's portrait and hid it in his fife, thinking the "half-wits" of Springfield would never find it Lisa tries to convince the town her claims are true but is met with disbelief and outright hostility. When she shows the confession to Hollis Hurlbut, the museum curator, he dismisses it as an obvious forgery. Miss Hoover gives Lisa an F for her essay, which she derides as "dead white male bashing by a PC thug". Lisa conducts more independent research on Jebediah and discovers more secrets and that he had a prosthetic silver tongue. She persuades the municipal government to exhume his body to search for it. When the coffin is opened, his skeleton contains no silver tongue. Exasperated at Lisa's meddling of history, Quimby strips Homer of his "criering" outfit and duties After seeing the incomplete portrait of George Washington in her classroom, Lisa realizes the piece of paper containing the confession is the bottom half of the portrait. She confronts Hurlbut, who admits that he stole the silver tongue and hid it in the museum in order to protect his career and the myth of Jebediah. After realizing it is wrong to idealize and celebrate a pirate, Lisa and Hurlbut decide to reveal the true story of Jebediah's life. As Lisa is about to share the truth with the parading townspeople, a sniper takes aim, but is told to wait and see what she has to say. She realizes that Jebediah's myth inspires them and decides to keep the truth a secret. As a proud Homer watches her, he notices Ned in the parade acting as the town crier again. Irate, he pushes Ned out of the parade to take his place, and allows Lisa to ring Ned's bell while sitting on his shoulder.

Princess Unikitty

Princess Unikitty is a fictional character from the movie "The Lego Movie" and its own spinoff series "Unikitty!". She was voiced by Alison Brie in the movie series and Tara Strong in the animated series.

Unikitty lives in Cloud Coo-Coo Land in the first movie, and its own Unikingdom in the TV series.

Unikitty’s character received generally positive reviews who praised Brie’s performances.

Las Vegas Strip

The Las Vegas Strip is the most famous thoroughfare in Las Vegas and is lined with hotels, casinos, and other tourist attractions. It is 4.2 miles or 6.8 kilometers long.

Famous resort hotels include


Rao Laxmi Chand

Rao Laxmi Chand was an Yaduvanshi Ahir King of Delhi. He was the Leader of the Indian rebellion of 1857 in Delhi.

In addition to the troops stationed at his forts, he had an army of 15,000 infantry and 8000 cavalry when he died.

Rao Laxmi Chand was born in Najafgarh in Royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family. His Family traced roots from Karnawas Village in Rewari who later settled in Najafgarh to Rule Delhi.

Najafgarh Fort was built by Rao Puran Singh in 18th century. Najafgarh Fort is considered one of the strongest forts because the British could not capture it 3 times. Later after hanging Rao Laxmi Chand, the fort was demolished and his army was recruited by British.

Rao Laxmi Chand and his cousin Prank Sukh Yadav, fought against the British on 16 November 1857 in the field of Rajpath with an army of around 5,000 infantry and 3000 cavalry. To further fortify his armed strength, the Raja not only raised new levies but also collected as much as possible latest weaponry and other war material as was revealed from the recovery of large number of horses, bullocks, carts, English rifles and dresses from his fort after the British assaulted him.
After the Battle of Nasibpur fought by Rao Tula Ram(King of Ahirwal) and Rao Gopal Dev(King of Jhajjar-Hisar-Charkhi Dadri) against British was unsuccessfull due to attack by the Rajput, Sikhs and Jat soldiers who fought for the British, Prank Sukh Yadav joined Rao Laxmi Chand to attack British in Rajpath. On the first day i.e.16 November 1857, Rao Laxmi Chand forces were irresistible and the British forces scattered before them; several British Offices and Government Offices were captured by Rao Laxmi Chand. Most of the Governing building from where the top Birtish Officials controlled the Nation were captured. Britishers recruited a large number of Soldiers and attacked the buildings captured by him and His fort in Najafgarh on 22 December 1857 and defeated Rao's forces by 23 December 1857 by open bombing on the Revolutionaries.

After The British successfully defeated Rao Laxmi Chand, Britishers offered him to work for them and they will reciprocate the favour by again making him the King of West, South West and South Delhi as He had strong influence in the region and it would have been easier for the Britisher to Control the people but he denied and was hanged on 23 December 1857 in Rajpath.

The Taj Mahal was auctioned twice by the British in 1831, the condition of these auctions being that the person who buys the beautiful stones of the Taj Mahal would have to be handed over to the British government.
During that time, Rao Laxmi Chand, who went for shooting in Mathura district with his forces , made the highest bid and bought the Taj Mahal, that is why the Taj Mahal is still standing proudly in its country, otherwise Taj Mahal was about to be demolished.
On 23 December 1857, He was banged in Rajpath in Delhi by East India Company at the age of 47 fighting against the British and refusing to work for them.

Government of Delhi named a highway on the name Shaheed Rao Laxmi Chand Marg.
A park named on Rao Laxmi Chand is also in Delhi.
A Shahidi mela is held annually in December at Najafgarh district of Delhi to hounor the shaheedi of Rao Laxmi Chand.

Arcology

An arcology (portmanteau of "architecture" and "ecology") is a completely self sufficient building or complex which not only would provide the basic facilities of a city or town, but would also produce its own electricity and food as well as recycle its own waste. The building or compound would thus be akin to a self-contained ecosystem.

Many designs for arcologies have been proposed over the years. These include Broadacre City by Frank Lloyd Wright and Mile-high Chicago. The design for Mile-high Chicago was a tall building with 527 floor levels. Other examples include Tokyo SkyCity, SpaceCity 6000, Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid and Freedom Ship.

Memphis Pyramid

The Pyramid Arena or Memphis Pyramid is a pyramidal sports facility and store located in Memphis, Tennessee. The building has served numerous purposes since its construction in 1991. It's currently a Bass Pro Shops store that also includes restaurants, a campground-themed hotel, archery range, bowling alley and observation deck. When it first opened, the Memphis Pyramid was an indoor stadium capable of seating 20,142 people.

Campground

A campground is a park where people can rent sites to go camping. Usually, campers pitch tents or park travel trailers or motorhomes, but some campgrounds also offer shacks or cabins.

Motorhome

A motorhome, recreational vehicle or in British English, a caravan is a bus-like vehicle equipped for habitation, like a house on wheels. Typically, a motorhome will include a lounge area, dining area, small bathroom, a galley \kitchen and a corridor leading to a rear bedroom, though some have two or three bedrooms.
Motorhomes generally fall into four classes: Class A, Class B, Class B+, and Class C.
Class A Motorhomes are one of the biggest RVs and can accommodate up to eight people. They offer all the features of a small apartment with the largest square footage when it comes to RVs and reaching 29-45 feet in length. This class offers slide outs, bottom storage, various awnings, full kitchen & bathroom, as you will usually find a queen size bed in the master bedroom.
Class B Motorhomes, also known as van campers, are the smallest type of motorhome and can accommodate up to four people. They range from 18 to 24 feet in length, have a cabin that is smaller than what is offered under classes A and C, and use less fuel.
Class B+ Motorhomes are like bigger versions of Class B motorhomes and offer a different set of luxuries. They bring together characteristics of Class B and Class C motorhomes and can feature bigger kitchens, living space, sleeping space with twin beds/sofa beds, and a stand-up shower/bath combo.
Class C Motorhomes represent something of a middle ground between Class A and Class B. They are great for couples or a group of friends and can sleep up to eight people, which is why they are popular with timeshare arrangements that allow for fractional ownership between different families. They offer all the typical luxuries of Class A motorhomes as well as generous amounts of space and have the appearance of a larger van camper with an overhead cabin. 

Caravan (trailer)

A travel trailer or caravan is a trailer designed and built for short term habitation, like while camping. Such a trailer usually has a sleeping area (if not a full on bedroom), kitchenette, small bathroom and a living area. Unlike a motorhome, travel trailers don't run under their own power.

Active tense

Active tense may mean:


Corridor

A corridor, hallway or passage is a long and narrow room that leads to others in a building or large vessel.

Ryugyong Hotel

The Ryugyong Hotel is an unfinished triangular hotel in Pyongyang North Korea whose profile resembles a mountain or evil villain's lair. The 105 storey hotel has never been completed.

Qeqqata

Qeqqata (, "The Center", ) is a municipality in western Greenland. It was created on 1 January 2009. The municipality was named "Qeqqata" because it is in the central-western part of Greenland. Its population is 9,378 as of January 2020. The administrative center of the municipality is in Sisimiut (which used to be called Holsteinsborg).

Qeqqata was created on 1 January 2009. Kangerlussuaq and two older municipalities of western Greenland, Maniitsoq Municipality and Sisimiut Municipality, were combined to make Qeqqata. Kangerlussuaq used to be unincorporated, which means that it was not a part of any municipality.

Most of the settlements and trade in Qeqqata are along the coast.

Qeqqata borders Sermersooq municipality in the south and in the east. In the north, it borders the Qeqertalik municipality. The Davis Strait, which separates Greenland from Baffin Island, is to the west. It has an area of . This makes it it the second-smallest municipality of Greenland, after Kujalleq.

Qeqqata's municipal council has 15 members. They are elected every four years.



There are no roads between settlements. This is the same in all of Greenland. There are three airports in Qeqqata: Kangerlussuaq, Maniitsoq and Sisimiut. Kangerlussuaq is the international hub for Greenland. Other settlements have boats that take people to them.

A simple road for terrain vehicles between Kangerlussuaq and Sisimiut was approved in June 2020. The first 21 km of the road, which connecting Kangerlussuaq with the Tasersuaq area, will be built in July 2020.

Cisterna (disambiguation)

A Cisterna is a flattened membrane disk that makes up the Golgi apparatus, or one of the flattened membrane-enclosed sacs or tubes of the endoplasmic reticulum.

Cisterna may also refer to:



Cisterna d'Asti

Cisterna d'Asti is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Asti. On 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,257 and an area of .

Cisterna d'Asti borders the following municipalities: Canale, Ferrere, Montà, and San Damiano d'Asti.

Tania Tinoco

Tania Tinoco (August 2, 1963 – May 21, 2022) was an Ecuadorian journalist, author, television producer, director, television and radio presenter, reporter, interviewer, and opinion leader. For more than 30 years, she has been known as the host of the Ecuavisa nightly newscast, "Televistazo". Tinoco was born in Machala, Ecuador.

Tinoco died on May 21, 2022 at a hospital in Cleveland, Ohio from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by arrhythmia, aged 58.

Monolithic dome

A monolithic dome is a one-piece structure shaped like the top half of a sphere. Monolithic domes are usually made of concrete and are a form of monolithic architecture that resists destruction. Disasters like hurricanes, tornados and earthquakes may destroy monolithic domes, but they are a very resistant form of building.

Monolithic domes are variation of geodesic domes.

Machala

Machala () is a city in south-west Ecuador. It is the capital of the El Oro Province. Machala has a population of 241,606 since 2010. It is called the "Banana Capital of the World".


Monolithic architecture

Monolithic architecture describes the branch of architecture that deals with structures that are sculpted, carved, excavated or cast for a single piece of material

Twelve churches in Ethiopia are monolithic, as are monolithic domes and many Hindu Temples.

Joe Hawke

Joseph Parata Hohepa Hawke (1940 – 22 May 2022) was a New Zealand politician and Māori land rights activist. He was a member of Parliament for the Labour Party from 1996 to 2002. In the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours, Hawke was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit.

Hawke died on 22 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Magnificent Mile shooting

On May 19, 2022, a mass shooting happened in Chicago, Illinois, United States, in the city's Magnificent Mile shopping district. Two people were killed, and eight others were injured. One person has been arrested with the weapon used for the shooting being taken by Chicago police.

The shooting took place outside of a McDonald's restaurant. It was caused after two groups of young people got into a fight.

After the shooting, the suspect ran from the scene and caused a chase between police officials to a nearby Red Line train subway station. During the chase, woman fell onto the tracks and was electrocuted. 

A suspect was arrested by police on May 20, 2022.

Pre-main-sequence star

A pre-main-sequence star known as a PMS star or PMS object, is a star when it has not reached the main sequence stage yet. Before, the object is a protostar. It grows by getting mass from the surrounding interstellar dust and gas.

After the protostar blows off the envelope, it will be visible. It then appears on the stellar birthline in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram. At this point, the star has got nearly all of its mass. It has not started the nuclear fusion of hydrogen. The star then contracts. Its internal temperature rises until it begins burning hydrogen. The star is then in the pre-main sequence stage.

List of Namibia ODI cricketers

Since their first match in 2003, 36 players have represented Namibia in One Day Internationals (ODIs). 
A One Day International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has one innings.
Namibia are associate members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Namibia played their first ODI matches during the 2003 Cricket World Cup after qualifying by reaching the final of the 2001 ICC Trophy. At the World Cup, Namibia played in six One Day internationals (the ICC granted ODI status to all matches played at this competition). Namibia were defeated in each of their six matches; their best result came in a 55 run loss to England. These were the only ODI matches played by Namibia until they gained ODI status after reaching the final of the 2019 ICC World Cricket League Division Two.


Johann Kuhnau

Johann Kuhnau (6 April 1660 5 June 1722) was a German composer. He was the cantor of the Thomaskirche before Johann Sebastian Bach.

Kuhnau was born in Geising. His family came from Bohemia. He studied in Dresden and Zittau. He went to the Leipzig University to study law. He became an organist at the Thomaskirche in 1684. He became the cantor of the Thomaskirche in 1701. However, he was often sick. He couldn't write a lot of music. So, the town council let Georg Philipp Telemann write music for the Thomaskirche. This was normally Kuhnau's job. Kuhnau was not happy because of this. He died in Leipzig.

Scinax chiquitanus

The Rio Negro snouted tree frog ("Scinax chiquitanus") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia and Peru.

Alpha Fornacis

Alpha Fornacis designated α Fornacis, Alpha For, α For is a binary star system on the southern constellation of Fornax. It is the brightest star in the constellation and only one brighter star than of magnitude 4.0. Based on parallax measurements collected during the Hipparcos mission, it is about 46 light years away from the Sun.

The Alpha Fornacis star system has two components, they are designated Alpha Fornacis A, (officially named Dalim) and Alpha Fornacis B.

North Country

North Country might mean:

North Country (New York)

The North Country () is the northernmost region of the U.S. state of New York. The North Country is next to Lake Champlain to the east, and the Adirondack Mountains to the south. The Canadian border is to the north, and Lake Ontario is to the west. The North Country is mostly rural area. The North Country has seven counties. A U.S. Army base, Fort Drum, is also in the North Country. As of 2024, there were 420,311 people living in the North Country.

The name "North Country" was first used inside New York in the 1900 novel "Eben Holden" by Irving Bacheller. The biggest city in the North Country is Watertown. The second biggest city is Plattsburgh.

The Empire State Development Corporation says that there are 7 counties in the North Country:


But the Adirondack North Country Association says that there are 14 counties in the North Country:


Lewis, St. Lawrence, and Oswego county was purchased by Alexander Macomb in 1791.



Ghaghara

The Ghangara is the longest river in Nepal. In Sanskrit, the name means "marbles of the water". Other names of the river are Ghāghrā, and "Gogra. It has a length of" , or including source rivers. Of this length, are in Nepal, where it is called Karnali. It is the biggest tributary to the Ganges by volume, and the second-longest, after Yamuna. 

The lower part of the river, in India, is also known as Sarayu.

Bernard Youens

Bernard Arthur Popley (28 December 1914 – 27 August 1984), better known by his stage name Bernard Youens, was an English character actor of stage and television, and briefly appeared in radio plays and had cameos in film. He was also a TV announcer and is perhaps best remembered for his portrayal of Stan Ogden in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which he played from 1964 until his death in 1984.


Sulaimanisaurus

Sulaimanisaurus was a herbivore and like others in the same era it reproduced by laying eggs. 3 different specimens it have been discovered including those from Balochistan.

Elsie Tanner

Elsie Gregory (also Grimshaw, Howard and Tanner) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Pat Phoenix from the series' inception in 1960 to 1973, and again from 1976 until 1984. Elsie Tanner was one of the original core characters on "Coronation Street" and appeared in the first episode. She is considered to be an icon in soap history and regarded as one of the greatest ever characters to appear in "Coronation Street". 

Her final appearance came in January 1984, when Elsie emigrated to Portugal. Phoenix decided to quit the series in 1983 to pursue other projects. Phoenix appeared as Elsie in 1,607 episodes over a duration of 23 years.

Annie Walker

Annie Walker (also Beaumont) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Doris Speed from the series' first episode in 1960 until Speed retired from the role 23 years and 1,724 episodes later in 1983. Speed appeared as a guest of honour at the 30th birthday celebration of "Coronation Street" in 1990 which was hosted by Cilla Black.

The character of Annie has been noted as "snobbish" and "snooty" due to her condescending attitude and delusions of grandeur. Despite this, Annie proved to be one of the show's most popular characters and Speed received more fan mail than any other cast member at the time. For her service, Speed was later declared a "national treasure" by the media and received an MBE in 1977.

Doris Speed

Doris Speed, MBE (3 February 1899 – 16 November 1994) was an English actress, best known for portraying the role of landlady of the Rovers Return Inn Annie Walker in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which she played from the from the programme's first episode in December 1960 until Speed retired from the role 23 years and 1,724 episodes later in October 1983. Annie proved to be one of the show's most popular characters and Speed received more fan mail than any other cast member at the time. For her service, Speed was later declared a "national treasure" by the media and received an MBE in 1977.

List of Armenian states, dynasties, countries and territories

This list is a list of Armenian states, dynasties, countries and territories.



Some criteria:








Frank Ocean discography

This page presents the discography of American singer Frank Ocean. 

Grantly Budgen

Grantly Budgen is a fictional character from the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road", portrayed by Philip Martin Brown. Grantly first appeared in the pilot episode of the series, first broadcast on 9 March 2006. He appeared as a regular character for nearly eight years before departing in the season nine episode "Grantly's Perfect Poetry", broadcast on 10 October 2013. He was the longest running character, appearing in the first nine series of the show. Brown's departure left the show for the first time without any original cast members. Grantly appeared in 154 episodes in total. 

Grantly was part of the original teaching team and was the original Head of English at Waterloo Road, and was good friends with colleagues Tom Clarkson (Jason Done) and Steph Haydock (Denise Welch). He was best known for his grumpy attitude, his sarcastic wit, and the various insults he gave towards some of his students.

The character of Grantly has been noted as curmudgeonly and cynical, Grantly frequently voices objections to the school's management and acts as the staff's union representative. Although known to be lazy in the classroom, over time his dedication to the school becomes apparent. He is also devoted to his wife Fleur until her death, after which he begins a relationship with Maggie Croft and agrees to join her to run the school house in Scotland.

In the eighth series, Grantly develops kidney failure and spends a number of weeks in a coma before returning home to convalesce. On his return to the school, he learns a new kidney donor has been found for him but dies before the operation can take place.

Alejandro Camacho

Alejandro Camacho (born Alejandro Camacho Pastrana, July 11, 1954) is a Mexican actor and producer.


Maysville, Missouri

Maysville is the county seat of DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Ava, Missouri

Ava is the county seat of Douglas County, Missouri, United States.

Union, Missouri

Union is the county seat of Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Bourbon, Missouri

Bourbon is a city in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

Everton, Missouri

Everton is a city in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Lockwood, Missouri

Lockwood is a city in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Urbana, Missouri

Urbana is a city in Dallas County, Missouri, United States.

Coffey, Missouri

Coffey is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Jamesport, Missouri

Jamesport is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Pattonsburg, Missouri

Pattonsburg is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Clarksdale, Missouri

Clarksdale is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Stewartsville, Missouri

Stewartsville is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Union Star, Missouri

Union Star is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Arbyrd, Missouri

Arbyrd is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Campbell, Missouri

Campbell is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Cardwell, Missouri

Cardwell is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Clarkton, Missouri

Clarkton is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Hornersville, Missouri

Hornersville is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Senath, Missouri

Senath is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Berger, Missouri

Berger is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Gerald, Missouri

Gerald is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

New Haven, Missouri

New Haven is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Saint Clair, Missouri

Saint Clair is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Washington, Missouri

Washington is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

WKTU

WKTU (103.5 FM) is a rhythmic adult contemporary formatted radio station licensed to Lake Success, New York, a suburb of New York City. WKTU is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts from studios in the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.

KRNB

KRNB (105.7 MHz) is an urban adult contemporary-formatted radio station in the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. It is owned by Service Broadcasting Corporation alongside its sister station KKDA-FM. Its studios are located in Arlington, Texas and the transmitter/antenna tower is located north of its city of license, Decatur, Texas.

Cahiers du Cinéma

Cahiers du Cinéma (, ) is a French movie magazine. It was co-founded in 1951 by André Bazin, Jacques Doniol-Valcroze, and Joseph-Marie Lo Duca. It was inspired by "Revue du Cinéma".

It was edited by Doniol-Valcroze and, after 1957, by Éric Rohmer (aka, Maurice Scherer), it included writers Jacques Rivette, Jean-Luc Godard, Claude Chabrol, and François Truffaut. 

It is the oldest French-language movie magazine in publication.

Rosemary Radford Ruether

Rosemary Radford Ruether (November 2, 1936 – May 21, 2022) was an American feminist scholar and Catholic theologian. She worked in the field of feminist theology.

Ruether was a board member for the pro-choice group Catholics for Choice.

Ruether died on May 21, 2022 at her daughter's home in Pomona, California from a long-illness, aged 85.

József Duró

József Duró (26 June 1966 – 22 May 2022) was a Hungarian football manager and player. Duró was born in Berettyóújfalu, Hungary. He played for the Hungary national football team twenty-one times from 1990 until 1995.

Duró died on 22 May 2022 at the age of 55.

Jeannette McHugh

Jeannette McHugh (; born 18 December 1934) is an Australian politician, teacher and activist. She was the first woman from New South Wales elected to federal parliament. She was born in Kandos, New South Wales.

McHugh was in the House of Representatives from 1983 to 1996, representing the Australian Labor Party (ALP). McHugh was Minister for Consumer Affairs in the Keating Government from 1992 to 1996.

List of Afghanistan ODI cricketers

This list includes all players who have played at least one ODI match. The list is arranged in the order of debut appearance. Where more than one player won their first caps in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically at the time of debut.

Since their first match in 2009, 58 players have represented the Afghanistan national cricket team in One Day Internationals (ODIs). A One Day International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings.

The Afghanistan Cricket Federation was formed in 1995. But cricket was banned by the Taliban until 2000. When the ban was lifted, the team experienced a "meteoric rise through international cricket". They were admitted to the ICC as an affiliate member in 2001, and in 2006 played and beat the Marylebone Cricket Club in Mumbai. Later in 2006 they toured England, winning six out of seven matches against county second XI teams. They joined the World Cricket League in 2008, winning Divisions Five and Four in their inaugural years, and the following year won Division Three. In 2009, Afghanistan narrowly missed out on a place in the 2011 Cricket World Cup, finishing fifth in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier. Their final position earnt them ODI status, and the opportunity to take part in the four-day ICC Intercontinental Cup. Their first ODI was the fifth-place play-off of the 2009 World Cup Qualifier against Scotland, which they won by 89 runs.


Chiasmocleis lacrimae

The central humming frog ("Chiasmocleis lacrimae") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in forests that are not very high above sea level.

Choo Kyung-ho

Choo Kyung-ho (Korean: 추경호, born 29 July 1960) is a South Korean economist and politician. He is the Deputy Prime Minister of Economy and Minister of Economy and Finance under the Yoon Suk-yeol government since 2022. He has been the Member of the National Assembly for Dalseong since 2016.

List of Afghanistan Twenty20 International cricketers

A T20I is an international cricket match between two teams that have official Twenty20 International status. This is determined by the International Cricket Council. It is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket and is the shortest form of the game. Afghanistan played its first T20I match on 1 February 2010, against Ireland, losing the match by 5 wickets. Their first win came three days later in their second T20I match, which was against Canada, with Afghanistan winning by 5 wickets with one ball remaining.

This list includes all members of the Afghanistan cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Danny Morton

Danny Morton (born 1 July 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer.

Hamza Hamry

Hamza Hamry (; born 12 January 1995 in Kairouan) nicknamed The Joker, is a Tunisian he is a former judoka and professional mixed martial artist and professional bareknuckle boxer competing in the Featherweight division of the Extreme Fighting Series. he is the first fighter that was born and raised in an Arab country to be signed with BYB.


Lisa's Rival

'"Lisa's Rival"' is the second episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 11, 1994. Winona Ryder guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School. Lisa Simpson begins to feel threatened by Allison because she is smarter, younger, and a better saxophone player. The episode's subplot sees Homer steal a large pile of sugar from a crashed truck and sell it door-to-door.

The episode was last episode written by Conan O'Brien and directed by Mark Kirkland previous episode Bart of Darkness.

Jonathan Collier

Jonathan Collier is an American television writer. He is best known for his work on "The Simpsons", Monk, "King of the Hill" and Bones. He worked as an executive producer on Mike Reiss's DVD movie, Queer Duck: The Movie. He attended and graduated from Harvard University.

Delia Ramirez

Delia Ramirez (born June 2, 1983) is an American politician. She is the member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Illinois's 3rd congressional district since 2023. Ramirez was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 4th district from 2018 to 2023. She is the first Guatemalan American elected to the Illinois General Assembly.

She was the Democratic nominee for the United States House of Representatives to represent Illinois' 3rd congressional district in 2022. She won the November 2022 general election.

Daniel Eberlin

Daniel Eberlin (baptized 12 April 1647 died between December 1713 and 5 July 1715) was a German composer.

Eberlin was born in Nuremberg. He was the son of Johann Christoph Eberlin and Elena Eberlin. In 1661 he became a descant singer in Gotha. From 1663 to 1665, he learned to write music in Jena with Adam Drese. He worked for John George I, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach. He was told to go to Rome. Georg Philipp Telemann, his son-in-law said that he fought the Turks. 

Eberlin returned to Eisenach in 1671. He became a violinist and a composer. In 1685 he became the secretary of the mint in Eisenach. However, he had to leave in 1692. He went to Kassel, where he died.

Scrubs (clothing)

Medical scrubs are a sanitary outfit made of lightweight, synthetic fabric. Scrubs are usually blue, the shirts are v-necks and the trousers can have drawstrings.

Environmental suit

An environmental suit is a full-body protective garment, usually to protect against toxic environments or materials. Environmental suits can also be worn to prevent contamination.

Examples include


Pressure suit

A pressure suit is an environmental suit worn when atmospheric pressure gets too low or too high to be survivable without. The minimum survivable pressure corresponds with an altitude of 15,000 meters above the surface of Earth, where the pressure dips to 102 millibars. Pressure suits must thus be worn by pilots who fly at high altitudes, unless the cabin of the airplane is pressurized. There's partial pressure suits and full pressure suits spacesuits are examples of the latter.

Conversely, a hard diving suit protects against the extreme pressures deep below the surface of the ocean (below around 400 metres).

TV Globo Internacional

TV Globo Internacional (also known by its acronym TVGI or just as Globo) is an international pay television channel broadcasting from Brazil. It was launched on 24 August 1999 and it is owned by Grupo Globo.

In the Americas, in addition to the premium Globo Internacional channel, which is broadcast with Brazilian programming and with original audio, the station has Pasiones from Hemisphere Media Group as the main partner in Latin America and the United States. Programming from the latter channel includes soap operas from Globo dubbed in Spanish.

In November 2021, it was announced the end of broadcasts in all European countries, except Portugal, as of December 31. Viewers will follow Globo Internacional's programming through Globoplay, However, TV Globo Internacional is still continued broadcasting in Portugal, some Portuguese-speaking countries such as Angola, Mozambique (Via Globo Portugal), Australia at after Date.

Hazmat suit

A hazmat suit is an environmental suit for protection while handling hazardous materials.

Bomb disposal suit

A bomb disposal suit is an environmental suit made of thick fabric and armour to protect against bomb detonation when removing said bomb (usually an improvised explosive device).

Rikers Island

Rikers Island is the largest jail in the New York City justice system. It has a reputation for being extremely violent.

Alexandra Palace

Alexandra Palace is a historical entertainment venue in London, England. It has an ice rink, theatre, palm court and a pub. Outside, the grounds have been turned into a park.

Palm court

A palm court is an atrium (usually large) or courtyard with palm trees.They are often found in grand hotels such as the Langham Hotel, Alexandra Palace, the Carton Hotel and the Ritz Hotel in London. They can also be found in other old, large cities such as New York and on some ships such as the Titanic.

Atrescine

Atrescine (from A3CINE) is a Spanish television channel. It was started in 2018.

Cinelatino

Cinelatino is a Spanish-language movie channel based in Mexico. It is owned by MVS Comunicaciones & Hemisphere Media Group (83.8% owned by InterMedia Partners). It is available throughout Latin America as well as the United States and Canada, via cable, satellite and IPTV services.

Cinelatino airs Hispanic films, featuring blockbuster hits and movies from Mexico, Latin America and Spain. All movies are presented in their original format and without any commercial interruptions. It also features behind the scenes footage, interviews with film stars, exclusive coverage of Spanish film festivals and all the latest news from the Hispanic film industry.

Cinelatino has close working relations with Los Angeles-based production company, Plus Entertainment, helmed by executive producer Pejman Partiyeli and producers Gonzalo Gonzalez and Rene Michelle Aranda. Plus Entertainment's annual slate of features is produced its entirety to suit Cinelatino's niche market and distributes titles to the likes of Redbox, Walmart and Netflix to promote the network's presence in the U.S., primarily Hollywood. Recent Plus Entertainment titles that have aired on Cinelatino include theatrically screened (), () starring Emmy-nominated actress Vannessa Vasquez of East Los High, 4-time film festival award winning () and more.

Plus Entertainment is currently making Cinelatino's first ever TV series.
In Canada, Cinelatino is distributed by Telelatino Network. It is currently available via Rogers Cable, Vidéotron, Cogeco and Bell Fibe TV.



MVS TV

MVS TV (stylized "MVStv") is a Mexican general entertainment programming cable TV network owned by MVS Comunicaciones. The cable channel was launched along with the wireless cable television company MVS Multivision in Mexico City, now called MASTV.

MVS TV is an entertainment channel with a wide variety of entertainment programming. In 2018, about 70 percent of its programming was produced in-house, with the remaining 30 percent provided by independent companies. In addition to its own newscasts shared with MVS Radio, MVS TV carries the news programs of , owned by América Móvil.


DirecTV Stream

DirecTV Stream is a family of streaming multichannel television services. They are offered in the United States by DirecTV.


List of Philippines Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Filipino Twenty20 International cricketers.

Grand Canyonscope

Grand Canyonscope is a Donald Duck animated short released in 1954. It was Disney's second cartoon filmed in CinemaScope (following "Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom"). It was produced to accompany Disney's first CinemaScope movie "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea". 


The short was remastered and also released on November 11, 2008, on "".

It was also released as a bonus feature on the DVD release of "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea".


The Story of My Life (biography)

The Story of My Life was written by Helen Keller. It was one of her first and notable books.


Bearly Asleep

Bearly Asleep is a 1955 Disney animated short featuring Donald Duck, who appears as a park ranger, with Humphrey the Bear. 


The short was released on November 11, 2008, on "".


Parliament Square

Parliament Square has the Palace of Westminster. It is in the City of Westminster in central London. It was laid out in the mid-19th century. It has a large open green area in the centre.

The Square is one of London's main tourist attractions. It has official buildings: the Houses of Parliament, and the Palace of Westminster. There are civil service executive offices to the north (on Whitehall). The Supreme Court) is to the west, and Westminster Abbey to the south.

The crowding together of Parliament, government and law is deliberate. It makes it possible to walk from one place to another. This helps the various parts of government to co-operate. Unfortunately, the arrangement also attracts protestors, and even criminal assaults. Protesting is controversial, and has been tested in law.

Gelatinisation

Gelatinisation is a process that occurs when starch granules are heated in a liquid, causing them to swell and burst, which results in the liquid thickening. (Note that gelatinisation is different from gelation which is the removal of heat, such as ice cream is set when it is frozen.)

List of Australia ODI cricketers

This is a list of Australian One-day International cricketers.

Have a Laugh!

Have a Laugh! is an American animated comedy series produced by the Walt Disney Company for the Disney Channel. The series is a set of interstitials, presenting edited versions of classic "Mickey Mouse" cartoons that lasted from 2009 to 2012.

The series features short and long versions of Disney shorts. The short versions are re-voiced with current Disney voice actors such as Tony Anselmo (Donald Duck), Jim Cummings, Bill Farmer (Goofy), and Bret Iwan (Mickey Mouse). The show features Disney cartoons with the original opening and closing credits restored (if content has been removed, a stamp bearing the words "Short Version" appears on the title card).

The series also features short subjects such as "Disney's Re-Micks" where they match classic Mickey Mouse cartoons and popular songs such as "He Could Be the One" by Miley Cyrus, similar to the 1980s "D-TV" series.


Eighteen cartoons and five redubbed short versions haven't been added online.



United States

United Kingdom

Ireland

Canada

Germany

Italy

India

Indonesia

There have been two DVD releases, which include 5 shorts in restored quality, in two versions: one full-length original version, and one edited version. It also includes 3 BLAM! shorts and 1 Re-Micks.

The first two volumes were released on October 26, 2010 in the US and November/December 2010 in the UK.

Volume One:

Volume Two:

Volumes 3 and 4 were released in the US on June 14, 2011. Volume 3 was later released in other countries, while no confirmation has been made for the UK release of Volume 3, or the international release of Volume 4.

Volume Three:

Volume Four:


List of Namibia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Namibian Twenty20 International cricketers. In April 2018, the ICC decided to give full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Namibia and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will have T20I status.

This list has all members of the Namibia cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. Namibia played their first T20I match on 20 May 2019 against Ghana at the ICC T20 World Cup Africa Qualifier Finals.


List of Papua New Guinea Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Papua New Guinea cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Papua New Guinea were first given T20I status in January 2014. Then they got One Day International (ODI) status. This was a result of their performance at the 2014 World Cup Qualifier, where they placed fourth to narrowly miss out on qualifying for the 2015 World Cup. The team made its ODI debut in November 2014, against Hong Kong, but did not play a full Twenty20 International until July 2015, during the 2015 World Twenty20 Qualifier.

Papua New Guinea's debut was originally planned in its second match of the tournament, against Hong Kong, but the match was rained out. Instead, the team's first Twenty20 International came against Ireland, with PNG winning by two wickets.

In April 2018, the ICC decided to give full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Papua New Guinea and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be a full T20I.

Note: The following matches include one or more missing catchers in their Cricinfo scorecard and hence statistics (as of 19 July 2019):


Rao Gujarmal Singh

Rao Gujarmal Singh was an Yaduvanshi Ahir King of Haryana-Rajasthan-Delhi. Under him, Ahirwal covered present day districts of Rewari, Mahendergarh, Narnual, Charkhi Dadri, Hissar, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Mewat ,Gurgaon, Najafgarh, Dwarka, Bahadurgarh, Rohini, Palam, Alwar and Jaipur.

Rao Gujarmal Singh was the son of Rao Nandram Singh and was a Chandravanshi ruler. Rao Bal Kishan, the elder brother of Rao Gujarmal, attained martyrdom while fighting against Nadir Shah in the Karnal war on 24 February 1739, after him Rao Gujarmal became the king. Seeing the valor and bravery of Rao Bal Kishan, Nadir Shah awarded the title of "Rao Bahadur" to the Rao Raj Gharana. At the time of Rao Gujarmal, the power of the Ahirwal was at its peak. Hearing about the martyrdom of Rao Bal Kishan, Mohammad Shah Rangila called his brother Rao Gujarmal from Rewari in return for Rao Balkrishna's military sacrifice and made him Panch Hazari Mansab. Amir-ul-Umra, and this dynasty has the hereditary honors and regalia of Rao Raja, Mahi Maratav (royal flag), Khillat-e-Khas (special dress) studded with priceless gems and 104 of Narnaul and Hisar. He made this kingdom more powerful by giving Farman (Sanad) of Parganas (Tehsil), thus Rewari Jhajjar Dadri, Hansi, Hisar, Kaur, Narnaul were included in his kingdom. Major cities included Shahjapur, Behror, Tijara, and Alwar and he had also bought huge property in Delhi. The king ordered Rao Bahadur's Nangada to be played right up to the door of the Red Fort whereas the old custom was that from Fatehpuri Masjid to Jama Masjid. No man could go ahead playing the flute, thus the power of Rewari state had reached the highest level.

Rao Gujarmal Bahadur sent a message to Nawab Mustafa Khan Farrukhnagar, who was occupying Hisar Bawni, that now Hisar Bawni is under our rule and you should vacate it and remove the interference, then the Nawab replied that "Interference in the country is done by the force of the sword." After this, both the sides started preparing for the war. All the brave men of Ahirwal and their relatives gathered with Rao Gujarmal in the battlefield of Hansi. To fight the Nawab army was big and about the army he said to the Ahirs that "they are rabbit hunters, we will kill them in one attack. Before the war, a Muslim fakir told Rao in Dargah Hansi , “Fateh will kiss your feet but do not kill the Nawab”. Rao Gujarmal gave a promise to the fakir that he will not kill the Nawab. When both the armies were face to face in the battle, Rao ordered the Ahir chieftains to kill him. When told that the Nawabi army is loaded with armor and weapons, the Ahir chief of Kanina place said, "Rao Sahab, these Baloch will not be able to stand before our spears, even though their bodies are covered with iron armor, but their mouths and   butts are empty for our spears." The battle bells were rung and iron started clashing with iron, warriors from both the sides started trying their best. Since the entire army belonged to Rao Sahab's community, brother Ahirs, we all fought with our lives. And the heads of the army of Baloch started falling, the Nawabi army could not tolerate the tremendous attack of the army of Ahirwal and was destroyed. Vijayashree bowed down at the feet of the sword of the army of Ahirwal. It happened, the Nawab was arrested and presented before Rao Gujarmal and any Baloch who did not lay down his arms was beheaded by the swords. The Nawab fell at the feet of Rao Gujarmal and Rao Gujarmal fulfilling his promise to the fakir, he spared the life of the Nawab and sent his children and wives to Farrukhnagar and gave him a jagir of twelve villages for their maintenance.
Baloch Raja of Farrukhnagar and Bahadur Singh of Ghasera, a descendant of Hathi Singh, were both fierce enemies of Rao Gujarmal. Bahadur Singh was ruling independent from Raja Surajmal of Bharatpur. Then Rao Gujarmal along with Surajmal gave a befitting reply to him. Gujarmal also had friendly relations with Todar Mal of Neemrana, father-in-law of Bahadur Singh. In 1750, Todarmal invited Rao Gujarmal at the behest of Bahadur Singh and killed him by deceit.

Kusum Sarovar was built by son of SurajMal (Jawahar Singh) remembering Rao Gujarmal and Surajmal.

Rao Gujarmal fountain is also made in Rewari by Govt of Haryana to honour him.


List of Zimbabwe Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Zimbabwean Twenty20 International cricketers.


List of Botswana Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Botswanan Twenty20 International cricketers.

List of Bermuda Twenty20 International cricketers

This list includes all players from Bermuda who have played at Twenty20 International matches.


Rao Bal Kishan

Rao Bal Kishan was an Yaduvanshi Ahir king of Haryana-Delhi and some part of Alwar, Jaipur in Rajasthan. Under his rule, the Ahirwal covered present day districts of Rewari, Mahendergarh, Narnual, Charkhi Dadri, Hissar, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Gurgaon, Najafgarh, Dwarka, Bahadurgarh, Rohini, Alwar and Jaipur.

Rao Bal Kishan was born to Rao Nand Ram Singh of the royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family of Rewari. It is said that he killed a lion without wearing armor. This earned him the title of "Sher Bacha Shamsher Bahadur". He was married to the daughter of a Ahir Sardar Ramchandra of Takana Nasibpur.

In 1739, the Iranian ruler Nadir Shah attacked India. Rao Bal Kishan, with his army and with the forces of Delhi, fought Nadir Shah. His army included 5000 infantry and 2000 cavalry. In February 1739, Nader Shah captured Sirhind and moved towards the field of Karnal, a battle destined to be fateful to the Mughal rulers. On 24 February, the battle of Karnal was fought. Emperor Muhammad Shah had over a hundred thousand force against Nader Shah's 55,000 men but was still decisively defeated because royal force left the Battlefield at Karnal. Only Rao Balkishan Singh fought to Nadir shah, he was killed in the battle but immortalized the name "Vijay or Veergati". The Battle was ambitious as Nadir Shah itself remarked to Mughal Emperor that if your combined forces helped Rao Balkrishna of Rewari, than I might not able to enter in Delhi. I had never seen any warrior like him brave , Fierce and strong. After this to a royal chhatri kiosk was made by Mughal Emperor to remark tribute to Rao Balkrishna. Even today the Chhatri is present in Karnal. 

After the battle, Nadir Shah met the Mughal emperor and praised Rao Bal Kishan and his soldiers. He said - "If Rao Bal Kishan had not been martyred in the battle and Faujshahi (Mughal armies) supported that brave Sardar whole heartedly instead of escaping from the battlefield, we would not had the luck to see Delhi today, but it would also have been difficult to return to Iran alive.
Rao Balkishan was killed in an ambush by the Iranian troops in the Battle of Karnal on 24 February, 1739.



Jean-Marie Leclair

Jean-Marie Leclair l'aîné (Jean-Marie Leclair the Elder; 10 May 1697 22 October 1764) was a French composer, violinist, and dancer. 

Leclair was born in Lyon. He was his parent's oldest child. At least three of his brothers became musicians. 

He learned to play the violin and dance. He taught ballet at the Théâtre-Royal of Turin. On November 9, 1716 he married Marie-Rose Casthagnié, a dancer. Leclair went to Paris in 1723. He published his first works in Paris. He also performed at the Concert Spirituel.

After Leclair's first wife had died, he married again in 1730. King Louis XV made Leclair in 1733. He wrote a book of violin sonatas for the King. Leclair left the in 1737. He had an argument with Jean-Pierre Guignon about who should lead the orchestra. He did not want to become the second violinist. So, he left the orchestra.

From 1738 to 1743, Leclair worked for Anne, Princess of Orange. He wrote a set of violin sonatas for the princess. He also worked as a "maestro di cappella" for François Du Liz. However, Du Liz went bankrupt in 1743. Leclair returned to Paris. He published his last set of violin sonatas in 1743. In 1746, he wrote an opera, called "Scylla et Glaucus". It was his only opera.

On October 23, 1764, his gardener found Leclair dead in his house. He had been stabbed three times. His murderer is not known. However, the police suspected that Leclair's nephew, François Guillaume Vial, killed him. 

Earth to Luna!

Earth to Luna! (Portuguese: O Show da Luna!) is a flash-animated children's television series. It was directed by "Célia Catunda" and "Kiko Mistrorigo," and produced by TV PinGuim.

The program premiered on the American channel Sprout, on August 16, 2014. In Latin America, it debuted on October 13, 2014, on Discovery Kids. The first season had 24 episodes, each 15 minutes long. The target audience is children between the ages of 4 and 9 years old.

Scinax castroviejoi

The temperate snouted tree frog ("Scinax castroviejoi") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia and Argentina. It lives on the east side of the Andes mountains. It lives where the weather is not hot and not cold.

Canal Once (Mexico)

Once (Eleven; formerly Once TV México and Canal Once) is a Mexican educational broadcast television network owned by National Polytechnic Institute. The network's flagship station is XEIPN-TDT channel 11 in Mexico City. It broadcasts across Mexico through nearly 40 TV transmitters. It is a required carriage on all Mexican cable and satellite providers. The network also operates an international feed which is available in the United States via satellite from DirecTV, via online from VEMOX and also on various cable outlets, on "Latino" or "Spanish" tiers. Most of its programs are also webcast through the Internet, though its programming is not the same as the actual broadcasters or satellite signal.


Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers (movie)

Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers is a 2022 American live-action/animated action-adventure comedy movie. It is based on the characters Chip and Dale and the animated TV series of the same name. It is directed by Akiva Schaffer and written by Dan Gregor and Doug Mand. It stars John Mulaney and Andy Samberg as the voices of Chip and Dale respectively. It is a co-production between Walt Disney Pictures, producers David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman's Mandeville Films, and The Lonely Island.

The movie premiered in Orlando on May 16, 2022, and was released in the United States on May 20, 2022, through streaming on Disney+ as a Disney+ original movie.

In a world co-populated by humans and fictional characters, two chipmunks named Chip and Dale meet in elementary school and become best friends. They later relocate to Hollywood and, after casting as extras in commercials and shows, go on to star in the successful television series "" in the early 1990s. However, when Dale gets his own show, "Double-O-Dale", the two have a falling-out that leads to both shows' cancellation.

Thirty years later, Chip is a successful but disillusioned insurance salesman while Dale spends most of his time on the fan convention circuit, having been put through CGI surgery. One night, the two are contacted by their former "Rescue Rangers" co-star Monterey Jack, who owes money to the criminal Valley Gang due to his stinky cheese addiction. Monty warns the pair of a trafficking operation where toons are kidnapped, have their appearances altered, and are shipped overseas to produce bootlegs of their works for the rest of their lives. Later that night, the two are informed that Monty has been kidnapped. They meet Police Captain Putty and Officer Ellie Steckler; the latter reveals herself to be a big "Rescue Rangers" fan, and with the police's hands tied, she suggests Chip and Dale investigate on their own.

Chip and Dale visit Bjornson the Cheesemonger, Monty's cheese dealer, and ask about the Valley Gang. They are taken to the uncanny valley part of town and meet the gang's leader—Sweet Pete, a toon actor who played Peter Pan, now an adult—and his henchmen Bob and Jimmy. Realizing they are investigating his bootlegging business, Pete tries to capture the pair, but the chipmunks escape. The two later share their discoveries with Ellie, learning that she is shunned by Putty due to acting on a bad tip and raiding the Nick Jr. Channel studios with negative results.

With Ellie's help, the chipmunks sneak into a bathhouse to steal Pete's fitness tracker. They trace his movements to a dock warehouse, though it is already abandoned by the time the police arrive. Inside, they find a large operating machine designed to alter toons' bodies, along with several toon parts, including Monty's mustache.

At the police station, the pair argue over the loss of Monty and their past feud but smell the scent of Monty's cologne. Realizing either Putty or Ellie is working with Sweet Pete, the two flee the station. At the ongoing Fan Con, they try to convince Ugly Sonic to ask his FBI contacts for help, but Pete and his henchmen arrive, having tracked Dale using his social media posts. In the ongoing chase, Bob is restrained and arrested, but Chip is caught by Jimmy and taken to the warehouse. Ellie is also lured there by Putty, revealing he is part of the Valley Gang and has been covering for Pete, including giving Ellie the false Nick Jr. tip.

Sweet Pete has Ellie call Dale to lure him to the warehouse, but Ellie sends a coded message using a "Rescue Rangers" episode. Dale realizes Ellie is in trouble and contacts former "Rescue Rangers" co-stars Gadget Hackwrench and Zipper, now married with children, for help. Dale enters the warehouse using a firework, which gets lodged into the machine and stops it before it can be used on Chip. The machine goes haywire, transforming Jimmy into a fairy and Pete into a giant amalgamation of various toons. While Ellie fights and defeats Putty, Pete chases Chip and Dale through the warehouse, revealing it to also be where the bootlegs are filmed. The chipmunks lure Pete to the docks and use a ploy from a "Rescue Rangers" episode to trap him.

The FBI, led by Ugly Sonic, arrive to arrest the Valley Gang. Sweet Pete fires a cannonball at Chip, but Dale takes the hit. Chip fears Dale is dead and apologizes for his behavior over the years, but Dale reveals he was protected by a golden pog Chip gave him. The chipmunks free all the bootlegged toons, including Monty, and Dale introduces the Rescue Rangers to Ellie, who decides to open her own detective agency. As the team departs, Dale convinces them to film a "Rescue Rangers" reboot, which is released to great success.


St. Nicholas Church, Leipzig

The St. Nicholas Church () is a church in Leipzig. It was built in 1165. The church became a Gothic church in the 16th century. Baroque towers were added in the 18th century. Johann Sebastian Bach was the music director of the church from 1723 to 1750. People held peaceful demonstrations against the communist government of East Germany on the church from 1989 to 1991.

Jean-Pierre Houdin

Jean-Pierre Houdin (born 1951) is a French architect. He developed a theory detailing how the Great Pyramid of Giza was built.

Pureland origami

Pureland origami is origami with one rule: only one fold can be made at a time. British paperfolder John Smith started pureland origami for inexperienced paperfolders or for people with poor motor skills. Hard folds, like the inside-reverse fold, are not allowed in pureland origami.

Taco pizza

Taco pizza is a pizza that has parts of a taco on it. These parts could be lettuce, ground beef, chunks of tomato, or even tortilla chips. A pizza restaurant called Happy Joe’s said they were the first to come up with taco pizza. This might have happened in 1974. Other restaurants have also made it. 

Zombies 3

Zombies 3 is a 2022 American science fiction musical film directed by Paul Hoen and written by David Light and Joseph Raso. It is a sequel to the 2020 film, Zombies 2 and stars Milo Manheim and Meg Donnelly reprising their lead roles as Zed and Addison, respectively. Much of the main supporting cast from the first two "Zombies" films also return.

It is also the third and final film in the Zombies trilogy. It premiered on July 15, 2022 on Disney+.

In the town of Seabrook, werewolves, humans and zombies live in peace. It's their last year at Seabrook High (their high school) and Addison has been accepted into Mountain College. Zed is pursuing an athletic scholarship at Mountain College and is hoping to join Addison in her college. During the night before a highly anticipated football game, where, should they win, Seabrook's going to have their first zombie/monster recruited into college, therefore bringing down a barrier for all other monsters, a UFO arrives and causes mass panic. Its alien passengers and 3 alien leader's called "A-Lan, A-Li and A-Spen". They arrived in search of an interstellar map to Utopia (their previous home was destroyed), a perfect new home for their species. To cover up their real purpose, they claim to be here to compete in the National Cheer Off, which Addison previously had organized. While being interrogated by the Z-Patrol, A-Spen finds a loophole so Zed can get into college by having an exceptional scholarship by improving his grades.

Willa, Wyatt and Wynter are extremely distrustful of the aliens,they think they are there to take what is there's. The aliens settle into Seabrook temporarily. The aliens interrogate the werewolves and scan their minds with their Luma Lenses. Eliza, who is currently interning at Z-Corp, the maker of the Z-bands, helps Zed with his scholarship. However, the aliens beat Zed's records, both athletic and academic, lowering his chances of entering college. Zed, in return for the aliens altering his report card, helps the aliens identify the moonstone, which they scan for coordinates and discover is lethal to them. A-Spen meets Addison, whom they reveal to that they are in love with Zed. At cheer practice, the cheer team is threatened after witnessing the aliens practice. The aliens are almost caught by the werewolves and head to their Mothership where Zed helps them with his knowledge of Seabrook, whereas Addison is mistakenly beamed up to the Mothership. A-Spen, A-Li and A-Lan reveal their true reasons for arriving in Seabrook. After fixing and watching the Scout's logs, they discover that the scout is none other than Addison's maternal grandmother, Angie. (Bucky, Addison's cousin, is not related to Angie, as he is related to Addison on her father's side.) 

Zed is nervous for his home college interview, which is the last thing he needs to overcome before figuring out if he is accepted in Mountain College or not. Addison's alien powers cause him to "zombie out" during his interview, causing his interviewer, Ms. Crabtree, to leave. Addison questions her identity as an alien, asking her mom about her grandma. The trio of aliens suspect that the Seabrook Cup, which is the trophy Angie created, now awarded to the winning team of the Cheer Off, which is crafted with materials from their home world, is their map home. Addison discovers this same thing soon after and realizes either the aliens win it or she does. The werewolves discover the aliens' mission and alert the Z-Patrol. Zed, after learning he was accepted into college, discovers the Z-Patrol's orders and tries to stop the aliens from competing in the Cheer-Off. The extraterrestrial team is disqualified, leaving Addison being their only chance of finding Utopia. The Seabrook Mighty Shrimp are victorious at the competition and win.

The werewolves crash into the cheer pavilion and reveal the aliens' plans. The aliens, Addison and Zed escape before Addison reveals to the town her alien heritage. Zed reveals his college news and the aliens realize that the coordinates to Utopia lie in Addison's DNA. Unfortunately, their map is dynamic, meaning they must take Addison to their new home. A conflicted Addison agrees to go. Zed offers to go with her, but it's impossible as he would be killed by their stardust energy within minutes. The day the aliens and Addison are set to leave for Utopia, the aliens' ship is critically damaged, so the werewolves offer their moonstone and Eliza states that they could charge the ship by filtering the moonstone's energy through their Z-Bands. Zed risks his life by interfering with the power of the aliens and the moonstone, though he survives. As the others race to exit the ship before it releases into space, Addison and Zed share one last kiss before he is beamed back to Earth.

A few days later, in a world without Addison, the group celebrates their graduation as the aliens compute their coordinates. Addison realizes where her grandma Angie wanted her species to live. The aliens then return to Seabrook. Zed, Bree, Willa, Wynter, Wyatt, Bonzo, Bucky and the Aceys celebrate their return. Afterwards, the aliens fully move in to Seabrook, along with several other monsters and creatures including vampires and merpeople.

During the credits, Bucky is shown boarding Mothership and activating it for launch, aiming to "bring cheer to the farthest reaches of the galaxy".

Grand tack hypothesis

The grand tack hypothesis proposes that the planet Jupiter formed at 3.5 AU. Then it migrated inward to 1.5 AU, before reversing course. This reversal happened because it captured Saturn in an orbital resonance.

Jupiter eventually stopped near its current orbit at 5.2 AU. Jupiter's planetary migration is known as the grand tack hypothesis.

Jupiter twice crossed the asteroid belt, scattering asteroids outward then inward. The present asteroid belt has a small mass, and a wide range of inclinations and eccentricities. This limited the material available to make Mars. It had long been thought that Mars was too small in comparison to its position in the Solar System. This was based on computer simulations of the early history of the Solar System.

Also, our new discoveries of planets in other star systems shows the Solar System as unusual. It is almost standard in other systems for the largest planet to be much closer to its star.

Ferdinand Fransen

Ferdinand Gregorius Fransen (Enschede, 23 February 1928 – Borne, 11 July 2021) was a Dutch entrepreneur. He was director of the Dutch travel company Arke (later part of the German TUI AG). Fransen was also chairman of the football club FC Twente.

Fransen came from a working-class family. His father was a house painter who died in 1938. Fransen played with the second division team VOSTA. He was captain of the first team. He later focused on athletics and became a champion javelin thrower. 

In 1944, Fransen came to work at Travel Agency, Twenthe. In the 1950s, he started the "Reis- en Passagebureau Arke together with Arke and" Hennie Agterhuis. Arke retired in 1967 and Agterhuis died in 1973. Fransen became the sole director of the company. He developed the company from a bus travel company to a full tour operator. In 1989, he sold forty percent of his shares to the German Touristik Union International (TUI). In 1995, he sold them the rest of his shares. He owned many hotels in the Netherlands and Spain. These included "Landgoed de Wilmersberg" in De Lutte.

In addition to his business career, Fransen was chairman of the football club FC Twente from 1977 to 1984. 

Sylvie Maurial

Sylvie Maurial-Jamin (born 19 September 1949) is a French water skier. She was named to the International Water Ski Hall of Fame.

She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where waterskiing was a demonstration sport, in the three events. She won the Jumping event, finished third in the Tricks event and finished 4th in the Slalom event. At the 1973 Water Ski World Championships, she became world champion. She was 5 times European champion between 1971 and 1973.

Maurial became Officer of the National Order of Merit on 10 May 1995.

She is married to water skier Jean-Michel Jamin, who also competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Her daughter is .

Five Good Emperors

In Ancient Roman history, the period between 96 and 180 is known as the age of the Five Good Emperors. The rulers commonly known were Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius, and Marcus Aurelius. 
The term was first used by Niccolò Machiavelli in his book "The Discourses on Livy" from 1531:

Chou Yu-Ping

Chou Yu-Ping (born 22 February 1972) is a Taiwanese judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo for women was a demonstration sport, in the extra-lightweight event. 

At the 1987 World Judo Championships, she won the bronze medal in the -48 kg category. At the 1991 Asian Judo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -52 kg category.

Roswitha Hartl

Roswitha Hartl (born 15 September 1962) is an Austrian judoka. She won a bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo for women was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event.

At the 1987 World Judo Championships she won a bronze medal in the -66 kg category. 

At the European Judo Championships she won silver medal in 1984, 1985 and 1986 and won a bronze medal in 1988.

Parliament of Cameroon

The Parliament of Cameroon is the legislature of Cameroon. A bicameral body, it is made up of the Senate and the National Assembly.

Senate (Cameroon)

The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of Cameroon.

The Senate was created in 1996.

The Senate has 100 seats, of which 70 are elected and 30 appointed by the President, with each region having 10 Senators. The elected seats are elected by the 10,636 members of the 360 municipal councils.

Elections to the Senate were held for the first time on 14 April 2013. The President of the Senate would replace the President of Cameroon in case of a vacancy.

National Assembly (Cameroon)

The National Assembly () is the lower house of the Parliament of Cameroon. It has 180 members, elected for five-year terms in 49 single and multi-seat constituencies. Together with the senate, it makes up the legislative branch of government. 

Monica Angelucci

Monica Angelucci (born 15 October 1968) is a Brazilian judoka who competed in the -48 kg category. She won a bronze medal at the 1986 Pan American Judo Championships. At the 1987 Pan American Games she became Pan American champion, and she won a bronze medal at the 1991 Pan American Games. 

She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the extra-lightweight event.

Samia Hachemi

Samia Hachemi (سامية•هاشمي; born 19 June 1966) is an Algerian judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the weight event.

She competed at the 1986 African Judo Championships where she won the bronze medal in the -66 kg category. 

Nordic Council

The Nordic Council is the official body for formal inter-parliamentary Nordic cooperation for the Nordic countries. It was formed in 1952. It has 87 representatives from Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden as well as from the autonomous areas of the Faroe Islands, Greenland, and Åland. 

The representatives are members of parliament in their respective countries or areas and are elected by those parliaments. The council's official languages are Danish, Finnish, Icelandic, Norwegian, and Swedish. 

Zaw Htay

Zaw Htay (, also known as Hmuu Zaw; died 23 May 2022) was a spokesman of the Myanmar government who was the director general of the State Counsellor's Office from April 2016 to February 2021. He was the presidential spokesman of the Myanmar Office of the President from April 2011 to April 2016 under President Thein Sein.

Joe Pignatano

Joseph Benjamin Pignatano (August 4, 1929 – May 23, 2022) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He played for the Brooklyn / Los Angeles Dodgers (1957–60), Kansas City Athletics (1961), San Francisco Giants (1962) and New York Mets (1962). He won the World Series twice in 1959 and 1969. Pignatano was born in New York City. 

Pignatano died on May 23, 2022 in Naples, Florida from problems caused by dementia, at the age of 92.

Maja Lidia Kossakowska

Maja Lidia Kossakowska-Grzędowicz (27 February 1972 – 23 May 2022) was a Polish fantasy writer, archeologist and journalist. She was first published in 1997. She was nominated eight times for the Janusz A. Zajdel Award for her short stories and novels. Many of her books had themes of angels. Kossakowska was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Kossakowska was killed in a house fire on 23 May 2022 in Stare Załubice, Poland at the age of 50.

Anita Gradin

Anita Gradin (12 August 1933 – 23 May 2022) was a Swedish politician. She was born in Hörnefors, Sweden. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1969 until 1992. She later was a member of the European Commission from 1995 until 1999. Gradin was president of Socialists International Women and worked against the human trafficking of women.

Gradin died on 23 May 2022, aged 89.

Duberildo Jaque

Duberildo Jaque Araneda (7 April 1921 – 22 May 2022) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Radical Party and later the Chilean Social Democracy Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1961 to 1973. Jaque was born in Carahue, Chile.

Jaque died on 22 May 2022 at the age of 101.

Fon Angwafo III of Mankon

Fon Angwafo III of Mankon (1 May 1925 – 21 May 2022) was a Cameroonian traditional ruler and politician. Fon Angwafo III was a member of the Parliament of Cameroon from 1962 to 1988. He also was the first vice chair of the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement. 

He died on 21 May 2022, at the age of 97.

Arnold Walker

Thomas Arnold Walker (15 April 1952 – 12 May 2022), also known by the nickname of "Boxer", was an English professional rugby league footballer. He played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Cumbria, and at club level for Kells A.R.L.F.C., and Cumbrian rivals; Workington Town and Whitehaven. He was born in Whitehaven, Cumbria, England.

Walker died on 12 May 2022 from cancer in Cumbria, aged 70.

Jeong Rae-hyuk

Jeong Rae-hyuk (; 17 January 1926 – 17 May 2022) was a South Korean military officer and politician. He was Minister of Commerce and Industry from 1961 to 1962 and Minister of National Defense from 1970 to 1971. He was also a member of the National Assembly from 1973 to 1985. Jeong was born in Gokseong County, Chōsen.

Jeong died in Seoul, South Korea on 17 May 2022 at the age of 96.

SomosTV

SOMOSTV LLC, is an American Pay TV entertainment company engaged in the production, distribution, and marketing of Pay TV channels in the U.S. Hispanic market, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Panama, Central America, and the Caribbean. Headquartered in Miami, Florida, the company owns and operates two networks: ViendoMovies and Semillitas. SOMOSTV is headed by Luis Villanueva, an executive in the Hispanic media and entertainment industry, President and CEO of SOMOS Group.

List of Samoa Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Samoa cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. 

Samoa played their first matches with T20I status during the 2019 Pacific Games.

List of Cayman Islands Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Cayman Islands Twenty20 International cricketers.

The Queen's Corgi

The Queen's Corgi is a 2019 Belgian family animated comedy movie directed by Ben Stassen and Vincent Kesteloot, the film was distributed in Belgian from Belga Films, Freestyle Releasing in United States from 2020, and United Kingdom in Lionsgate from 2019. It was released on April 3, 2019. The movie received mixed reviews.


List of Sri Lanka Test cricketers

This is a list of Sri Lankan Test cricketers.

A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 15 May 2022.
Note:



Peninsula (movie)

Peninsula (; marketed in the US, UK and India as: Train to Busan Presents: Peninsula), is a 2020 South Korean zombie heist movie directed by Yeon Sang-ho, is an independent sequel to the 2016 movie "Train to Busan".

The Movie was in the selection of the 2020 Cannes Film Festival, although due to the COVID-19 pandemic it could not be released, it would premiere until October 21, 2020 at the Busan Film Festival, It premiered in South Korea, on July 21, 2020 and worldwide would raise $42.5 millions.


Studio apartment

A studio apartment, studio flat or efficiency apartment is an apartment without a separate bedroom. Instead, the sleeping area is in the living room. Studio apartments are usually the smallest and least expensive ones in a given city. A studio apartment can be a peid-a-terre.

Bedsit

In the United Kingdom, a bedsit (bedroom \ sitting room) is an apartment that doesn't have a private bathroom.

Mini golf course

A mini golf course is golf club-like establishment that offers a miniature version of golf.

Gruffudd ap Cynan

Gruffudd ap Cynan (1054 - 1137) was King of Gwynedd from 1081 until 1137, He three times gained the throne of Gwynedd and then lost it again, before regaining it once more in 1099 and this time keeping power until his death.

Prison escape

A prison escape is the act of leaving prison illegally. The most common form of prison escape is breakout, which involves physically getting past the prison's security measures in secret. However, prison escapes can also be done via fraud or trickery to just walk out of jail.

Lock up

Lock up may refer to:



Police cell

A police cell, also called a drunk tank, holding tank or temporary holding cell is a large room in a police station or the booking suite of a jail for temporarily holding arrested people or those awaiting transfer to another, more permanent facility. Such a cell in the developed world, especially the United States and United Kingdom, typically has a toilet, payphone (to call lawyers or someone to post bail), and a long bench attached to the wall and floor.

Lockup (TV series)

The TV show Lockup is a program on the channel MSNBC that shows life for inmates of county jails and State prisons across the United States of America. The most common facilities shown include the L.A County jail, California's "Corcoran state prison", Sedgwick County detention center Kansas, Charleston County jail South Carolina, 
Different spinoffs of Lockup are
"Lockup: Raw" - A version with commentary from the production crew.

"Lockup: Extended Stay" - Where the crew continues filming at one jail or prison on a long term visit.

"Lockup: Special Investigation" - Profiling specific aspects of the justice system, like juvenile justice.

"Lockup: World Tour" -Visiting prisons abroad and looking into foreign justice systems.

Penn &amp; Teller

Penn & Teller, Penn Jillette and Teller, are American magicians, entertainers, and scientific skeptics who have performed together since the late 1970s. They are noted for their ongoing act that combines elements of comedy with magic.

The duo has been featured in numerous stage and television shows such as "" and currently perform in Las Vegas at The Rio, the longest running headliners to play at the same hotel in Las Vegas history. Penn Jillette serves as the act's orator and raconteur. Teller generally does not speak while performing, and instead communicates through mime and nonverbals, though his voice can occasionally be heard during their live shows and television appearances. Besides magic, the pair has become associated with the advocacy of scientific skepticism and libertarianism, particularly through their television show "".

Locked Up Abroad

Locked Up Abroad and its British version, Banged Up Abroad is a television show the chronicles people's accounts of being held against their will in foreign countries. Usually, this involves the people breaking the country's laws and getting arrested and put in prison for it. But some kidnappings by cartels and terrorist organizations are chronicled as well. The show airs on the National Geographic channel.

Lockdown (2000 movie)

Lockdown is a 2000 drama movie.


Machine Gun Kelly (gangster)

Machine Gun Kelly was a Prohibition era gangster who was in the same league as Al Capone. He was born in 1895 and died at the Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary in 1954. Machine Gun Kelly's legal name was George Kelly Barnes and he spent plenty of time at Alcatraz.

Legal name

Someone's legal name is the name by which they're identified under the law. It is the name that shows up on legal official documents such as job applications, leases, loan and other contracts, search and arrest warrants, etc. One's legal name is distinct from their nickname in that the former is official.

Alessandro Pavolini

Alessandro Pavolini (27 September 1903 – 28 April 1945) was an Italian fascist, politician, journalist, and essayist. He was part of the Fascist Italian regime during World War II.

Pavolini was born in Florence. He earned a law degree at the University of Florence and a political science degree at "La Sapienza" in Rome.

In the 1920s, he joined Benito Mussolini's movement in Florence. He was active in the Blackshirts and led a squad during the 1922 March on Rome.

Job application

A job application is a form filled out to apply for conventional employment for a given company. It asks some rudimentary questions like the applicants home address, what if any criminal record they have, desired salary or wage, etc.

Warrant

Warrant may refer to:



Arrest warrant

An arrest warrant is a legal warrant requiring the arrest and imprisonment of a particular person, usually a fugitive.

Imprisonment

Imprisonment or incarceration is the holding of people in prison or a place against their will by a sentence. Historically, this meant that the people were put in a prison cell, or in a pillory or in stocks. The pillory or the stocks were also a form of public humiliation. In modern times, there are also other forms, like placing someone under house arrest or using electronic tagging.

United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth

Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary is the oldest Federal prison in the USA. It's located in Leavenworth, Kansas. It was built to test out a new prison regime and penal ideology reliant on stringent rules and order.

Metrication

Metrication is the conversion of a country's primary system of measurement from an indigenous system to the metric system.

Johann Reinhold Forster

Johann Reinhold Forster (22 October 1729 – 9 December 1798) was a German pastor and naturalist. He was part Scottish. He helped early ornithology from Europe and North America. He is best known as the naturalist on James Cook's second Pacific voyage. On this trip, he was with his son, Georg Forster.


Stellar birthline

The stellar birthline is a line in the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram that relates the effective temperature and luminosity of pre-main-sequence stars on the start of their contraction. To this point, the objects are protostars, and are so deeply in the cloud of dust and gas from which they are forming that they radiate only in far infrared and millimeter wavelengths. 

When stellar winds disperse this cloud, the star becomes visible as pre-main-sequence object. The set of locations on the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram where these newly visible stars form is called the birthline and is found above the main sequence.

Location of the stellar birthline depends on detail in the accretion rate onto the star and geometry of this accretion, i.e. whether or not it is happening through an accretion disk. This means that the birthline is not an infinitely thin curve, but has a finite thickness on the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram.

ViendoMovies

ViendoMovies is an American Spanish-language pay television channel. It is distributed in High Definition and present in cable television, Telcos and satellite television companies. The channel is owned by SomosTV, company headed by Luis Villanueva (President & CEO of SOMOS Group). ViendoMovies runs 24-hours a day featuring movies originally produced in Spanish in a commercial free format (without television advertisement). ViendoMovies' programming reaches subscribers in the United States and Puerto Rico.

Communist Party of Kampuchea

The Communist Party of Kampuchea was the ruling political party in Khmer Rouge Cambodia.

Medium of exchange

A medium of exchange is any item recognized in a society as currency to be traded for products and services. In many ancient civilizations, the main medium of exchange was coins made of gold and silver. Most modern countries use paper money as their official currencies fiat money.

Economic policy

A country's economic policy is the branch of its laws that regulate the economy. Economic policies include government budgets, tax rates, how much or how little fiat currency is printed, business regulations, etc.

Polish Workers' Party

The Polish Workers Party was the official political party of Poland when it was a Soviet puppet state.

Imperial Rule Assistance Association

The Japanese Imperial Rule Assistance Association was the country's fascist party during World War Two.

League of Communists of Yugoslavia

The League of Communists of Yugoslavia was the far-left communist party of Yugoslavia when it was a puppet state of the Soviet Union.

Nuestra Visión

Nuestra Visión (translation: "Our Vision") is an American Spanish language free-to-air television network. It is owned by Publicidad y Contenido Editorial S.A. de C.V. a subsidiary of América Móvil. The network was launched on November 21, 2017. It is available in select markets across the United States.

The network features Mexican movies from the golden era of Mexican movies to recent productions. Programming also includes live sporting events as well as special events, such as concerts, interviews with top-tier celebrities, series and music clips. It also airs daily newscasts and sportscasts produced live through companies owned by América Móvil, UNO TV and Claro Sports.








Nuestra Visión is available over the air. At launch on November 21, 2017, it had just five affiliate stations, it now has eleven. As of September 2019, it is available in 4.2 million homes across the United States.

Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea

The Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea is the sole ruling political party in Equatorial Guinea. The political ideology of the party is a blend of African nationalism, populism and militarism and the Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea is often considered an authoritarian regime.

Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro

The Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro is a populist, democratic socialist political party in Montenegro.

Serbian Progressive Party

The Serbian Progressive Party (, SNS) is a populist party in Serbia.

Justice and Development Party (Turkey)

The Justice and Development Party is a socially conservative political party in Turkey advocating nationalism, neo-Ottomanism (wanting the country to be like the Ottoman Empire), privatization of certain government services, etc. Although officially not an Islamist political party (because religious parties are officially not allowed in Turkey), it has its roots in Islamism, because its founders and many of its members are Islamists and also advocate Islamism. It has been the goverment after the 2002 general elections in Turkey till today. It was formed in 2001 by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who is the leader of the party, and was the Prime Minister of Turkey between 2003-2014 and is the President of Turkey since 2014.

David Norquist

David L. Norquist (born November 24, 1966) is an American financial management professional and government official. He has served as the United States deputy secretary of defense from 2019 to 2021. He served for two days as the acting United States secretary of defense in January 2021.

Teleritmo

Teleritmo (alternately known as TLR) is a network of Spanish language television stations in northeastern Mexico and the southwestern United States. The system is part of Grupo Multimedios. 
The flagship station of Teleritmo is XHSAW-TDT located in Monterrey, Nuevo León. Programming features Mexican regional music and music appeal variety programming.

The company also has network affiliates in many cities, some of which produce local content. The networks spans Northeast and North-Central Mexico, along with the Southwestern United States through over-the-air availability, but is also available nationally in both countries via cable, satellite and IPTV services.

Ahirwal

Ahirwal (meaning land of Ahirs) is a region spanning parts of southern Haryana , north-eastern Rajasthan, and South-Western Delhi. 

Ahirwal was a post-Mughal principality ruled by Ahirs or Yadavs. Also known as Israel of India due to high participation in army and frequent attacks on British and Mughals from this Region.
It was called so by Mughals and post independence by Jawaharlal Nehru after seeing bravery of Ahir soldiers in 1962, Rezangla followed by Chaudhary Charan Singh, Rajiv Gandhi and Narendra Modi in a rally in Rewari, Haryana.
Ahirwal is a region spanning parts of Southern Haryana , North-Eastern Rajasthan, and South-Western Delhi

The region was once a Kingdom based from the town of Rewari (first capital Tijara in Rajasthan) and controlled by members of the Yaduvanshi Ahir community. It can be concluded by saying that Ahirwal provide sturdy recruits and it has got the credit of Israel of India. According to author, Kumvaralala Vyasasishya, the Yadava Ksatriyas colonized Israel as they were also called Hebrew, Definitely, the word Hebrew is corrupt form of the word Abhira as they were pastoral and shepherd as people as famous in the Indian history.

The name translates as "Land of the Ahirs". J. E. Schwartzberg has described it as a "folk region" and Lucia Michelutti as a "cultural-geographic region". It includes parts of the districts of Alwar, Kotputli in Jaipur district in Rajasthan, Mahendragarh, Rewari, Gurgaon, Jhajjar, Charkhi Dadri, bhiwani and parts of Rohtak and Hisar in the state of Haryana and South western Delhi ."

According to Pran Nath Chopra, Haryana got its name from Abhirayana-Ahirayana-Hirayana-Haryana. Ahirwal and Ahirayana ("Hiryana") was referred to this region before modern state of Haryana was formed (in 1966) and even before Independence of India. Thus, modern state Haryana got its name from Ahirwal ("Ahirwati or hirwati") region.

The main language of the area is Ahirwati. It is commonly taken to be a dialect of Haryanvi, but it also has characteristics in common with the neighbouring Western Hindi varieties. The closely related Bangru (also known as Haryanvi) and Hindi are spoken in the region.

Common Proverb in Heerwati - 
It includes parts of the districts of Alwar, Kotputli in Jaipur district, in Rajasthan, Mahendragarh, Rewari, Gurgaon, Jhajjar, Charkhi Dadri, bhiwani and parts of Rohtak and Hisar in the state of Haryana and South western Delhi ." 

 The Ahirwal region in southern Haryana has 11 assembly segments. The Ahirs("heer") from Ahirwal or Hirana (Rewari, Mahendragarh, Narnaul, Jhajjar (now in Haryana), Behrod, Tiara, Khetri(now in Rajasthan)) migrated towards Jaipur after the Battle of Nasibpur in various phases and dominate Jaipur rural lok sabha seat("with more than 3 lakh population").
Spread over 7 Lok Sabha seats( 3 in haryana and 4 in rajasthan) – Bhiwani-Mahendergarh, Gurgaon and Rohtak (one segment only) in Haryana and Alwar ("more than 4 lakh population of Ahirs( heers)"), Jaipur Rural (Jhotwara, shahpura, kotputli, bansur, viratnagar, Amer, phulera with more than 3 lakh voter), Sikar (neema ka thana segment with more than 2 lakh population), Jhunjhunu (one third segment with more than 1 lakh population) in Rajasthan– having a sizeable presence of Ahir voters.

The events at the battle of Rezang La on 18 November 1962 involved many soldiers from the Ahirwal region, who were greatly outnumbered by their Chinese opponents.


In modern era along with farming and defences forces, youth has been inclined towards sports, government jobs, civil services, politics and Real estate.

Ahir ruler of Tijara, acquired the jagir of ancestors yadava . Ruda Singh made Bolni village , south of Haryana his headquarters, 12 km to the east. He cleared the forests and established new villages.

Rao Mitrasen was the son of Rao Tulsiram and Chandravanshi was the Ahir ruler who ruled Rewari. Rao Raja Mitrasen fought with Muslim invaders, British, Kachwaha of Jaipur and Shekhawat Rajput etc. To take revenge on Rewari. For the purpose, in the early months of 1781, the Rajput rulers of Jaipur attacked Rewari, but they were defeated by Rao Mitrasen and suffered heavy losses from a strategic point of view.He Also Faught The Battle Of Mandan at Jhunjunu,Rajasthan.

After Ruda Singh, his son Rao Ram Singh (Ramoji) took over the throne of Rewari. There was an atmosphere of fear and discontent in his kingdom due to bandits and robbers. Ram Singh built a fort at Bolni and deployed soldiers on it for security. He was a fearless warrior so after a long struggle he was able to neutralize the criminals. He arrested two famous bandits and handed them over to Emperor Akbar.

Rao Ram Singh was followed by his son and successor, Shahbaz Singh, who was a contemporary of Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb.

Shahbaz Singh was succeeded by his eldest son, Nandram.[3][6] Aurangzeb edited the title of his jagir and awarded him the title of "Chowdhary".[11] He shifted his headquarters from Bolni to Rewari. The water collector named Nand Sagar in Rewari is still a testimony of his memory.

Balkishan was killed while in Aurangzeb's military service on 24 February 1739 while fighting against Nadir Shah in the Karnal War. Pleased with his bravery, Mohammad Shah gave the title of "Rao Bahadur" to Balkishan's brother Gujarmal and gave a headship of 5000. [3] By expanding the boundary of his kingdom, 52 villages of Hisar district and 52 villages of Narnaul were added to it. His jagir included major cities like Rewari, Jhajjar, Dadri, Hansi, Hisar, Kanaud, and Narnaul. In the year 1743, some more villages with mansabdari of Rs 2,00,578 were also added.

Baloch Raja of Farrukhnagar and Bahadur Singh of Ghasera, a descendant of Hathi Singh, were both fierce enemies of Rao Gujarmal. Bahadur Singh was ruling independent from the Jat king Surajmal of Bharatpur. Then Rao Gujarmal along with Surajmal gave a befitting reply to him. Gujarmal also had friendly relations with Todarmal of Neemrana, father-in-law of Bahadur Singh. In 1750, Todarmal invited Rao Gujarmal at the behest of Bahadur Singh and killed him by deceit.

Rao Gujarmal's son Bhavani Singh became the king after him. Bhavani Singh proved to be lazy. Many parts of his kingdom were captured by the Baloch Nawab of Farrukhnagar, the Nawab of Jhajjar and the Raja of Jaipur and only 22 villages remained with Bhavani Singh. A chieftain of his own kingdom killed him in 1758.

The next Raja Hira Singh was also rejected and the control of Raj Kaj was taken over by a local businessman Jauki Ram. Najaf Quli Khan, a rebel Sardar of Delhi had captured the Gokulgarh Fort. Shah Alam II, the Emperor of Delhi, along with Begum Samru, decided to punish her. On 12 March 1788, Shah Alam camped in Bhadawas and attacked Najaf Quli during the night, in which Najaf Quli was badly damaged. The effect of Begum Samru's artillery forced Quli Khan to compromise.

 
Raja Rao Tula Ram Singh (9 December 1825 – 1863), was an Ahir ruler, He was the chief hero of the independence revolution of 1857 in Haryana.[16] Temporary British rule took root in the southwest of the present day. The credit for overthrowing Haryana and helping the revolutionaries of Delhi with body, mind and money is given to Tularam only. After the revolution of 1857, he left India and sought the help of the rulers of Afghanistan, Iran and the Tsars of Russia for the war of independence of India. But his plan failed due to his death on 23 September 1863 at the age of 38.

 
Rao Gopaldev Singh was a 19th-century revolutionary in Rewari, who, along with his cousin Rao Tularam Singh, took on the British in the Revolution of 1857.

Rao Kishan Gopal was the commander of his army of revolting army of meerut. He was also an officer in the British East India Company. He was the one who killed General Timley in the war.

Pran Sukh Yadav (1802–1888) was a military commander from Behror in Alwar district of Rajasthan (which was under the control of Ahirwal ruler at that time). He was a participant revolutionary in the Revolution of 1857. He was a close friend of Hari Singh Nalwa and the famous Punjab ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh. In his earlier times, he fought on the side of the Sikh Khalsa army. After the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, he participated in the first and second British-Sikh conflicts.


Smart city

A smart city uses information and communication technology (ICT) to improve operational efficiency, share information with the public and provide a better quality of government service and citizen welfare.

The main goal of a smart city is to optimise city functions and promote economic growth while also improving the quality of life for citizens by using smart technologies and data analysis. The value lies in how this technology is used rather than simply how much technology is available.

Angelina Tan

Angelina "Helen" de Luna Tan (born Angelina Beredo de Luna; 1 October 1971) is a Filipina physician and politician. She served as a three-time congresswoman of Quezon's 4th district from 2013-2022 when she was elected as Quezon's new governor, becoming the first woman to hold the office.

Helen is married to Ronnel Tan and have 2 children, including Keith Michael Tan, who is also a politician that was elected and will succeed her as a congressman in Quezon's fourth congressional district.

Tan ran in Quezon's 4th congressional district from 2013-2016 under United Nationalist Alliance and won. She was re-elected in 2016-2019, then 2019-2022 under Nationalist People's Coalition. During this time, Tan became a chairwoman of the Philippine House Committee on Health. As she was term limited, Tan ran for the 2022 Quezon local elections where she won by a majority over her opponent Danilo Suarez, becoming the first woman to hold the office.

Scinax pedromedinae

Henle's snouted tree frog ("Scinax pedromedinae") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru, in the Amazon Basin. Scientists think it may also live in Colombia.

ACME Night

ACME Night is a weekly American programming block. It premiered on September 19, 2021 on Cartoon Network (September 19, 2021 - August 27, 2023) and on Adult Swim (September 3, 2023 - present) , airing on Sunday evenings. It aired animated and live-action movies and series.

Semillitas

Semillitas is an American Spanish-language pay television channel owned by the media company SomosTV, headed by Luis Villanueva (President & CEO of SOMOS Group). The channel targets children 0–5 years of age with the objective of preserving Hispanic cultural roots and language through entertaining and violence free programming, specifically animation and is distributed in a format without traditional television advertisement. Semillitas, produced in High Definition, programs animation in Spanish 24-hours a day, with closed captioning and video description, utilizing Standard Spanish dialogue.


NickMusic

NickMusic is an American pay television network. It is a spin-off of Nickelodeon. It mainly broadcasts music video and music-related programming from younger pop artists. Some videos are edited to meet a general TV-PG rating, or replaced with a lyric video instead.

The network was launched on May 1, 2002 as "MTV Hits". The network was named for a daily program on MTV also called "MTV Hits". It was MTV's main pop music video program. The network included current hit music videos, along with a few older videos from earlier in the year, as well as a few from the late 1990s. The network maintained a commercial-free format, other than internal promotions for MTV and MTV-branded properties.

In 2005, the network began airing a feature called "My Hitlist Month". It was based on viewer selected playlists that were submitted to a new network website. My Hitlist Month, along with artist-selected playlists, were broadcast occasionally on the network until 2006.

In 2016, MTV Hits was re-branded NickMusic.

How to Play Baseball

How to Play Baseball is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures in September 1942, featuring Goofy. The short was produced at the request of Samuel Goldwyn and first shown to accompany the 1942 feature film "The Pride of the Yankees".

The Art of Skiing

The Art of Skiing is a Goofy cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1941. It has historical significance as the first cartoon to use the now-famous Goofy holler, as well as the short that led to the "How to..." series, beginning with "How to Play Baseball" (1942) and continuing through "How to Hook Up Your Home Theater" (2007).

Goofy goes to Sugar Bowl Ski Resort, to learn how to ski. The name of the resort can be seen in the opening frames of the cartoon. Sugar Bowl Ski Resort was used because Walt Disney had an interest in the Sugar Bowl ski area, to the extent that one of the peaks at Sugar Bowl is named Mt. Disney after him.

The narrator and the opening titles mention an alternate (and "correct") pronunciation of skiing as "shee-ing", despite the narrator mostly pronouncing it vice versa throughout the short. Another Goofy cartoon featured Goofy himself mentioning this to an Ancient Greek.

This was the first cartoon to use the signature Goofy holler; it is the only vocal uttered by Goofy in the short.



The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:



La stravaganza

La stravaganza (English: "Extravagance"), Op. 4, is a set of violin concertos. It was written by Antonio Vivaldi. It was written for Vettor Delfino, a student of Vivaldi. It was published in Amsterdam in 1716. It was also published in London in 1728.

Chef Donald

Chef Donald is a 1941 American Donald Duck short film. It was directed by Jack King and produced by Walt Disney.

Donald is listening to a radio cooking program and mixes up a batch of waffles. But he's distracted and uses rubber cement instead of baking powder. The batter proves to be unusually stiff. First, his spoon gets stuck and the batter acts like a rubber-band airplane, flying the bowl around the room. 

Next, Donald falls with his head in the batter, he tries to get out but initially, he can't (with angry quacking and a lot of bubbles popping), and his tail in the waffle iron. Then he tries to chop it with an ax, and the ax flies up and splits the room in half. 

Finally, he throws the bowl out the door; it sticks to the knob while the bowl gets stuck between two trees. The stretching causes a branch to knock on the door, tricking Donald into opening it and letting the batter back in. After several attempts, he has had enough and rushes to the radio studio where the cooking program is being broadcast, and takes his anger out on Old Mother Mallard.

As he approaches the radio station, the radio starts shaking and wobbling showing that Donald is violently attacking Old Mother Mallard as an act of revenge.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

La cetra

La cetra (English: "The cetra"), Op. 9, is a set of 12 violin concertos. It was written by Antonio Vivaldi. It was written for Emperor Charles VI. The emperor gave him a medal and a lot of money for writing the concertos.

There is another set of 12 concertos called "La cetra". This set contains different concertos. It does not have an opus number. Its first violin parts are lost. It was not published.

Lawrencetown, County Down

Lawrencetown is a village in Northern Ireland.

Nola

Nola is a town and a municipality in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania, Italy.

This is a list of some notable people who came from Nola.

Nola is twinned with:



Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (movie)

<nowiki> </nowiki>Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is an upcoming American movie scheduled to be released on December 20, 2024. The movie will be distributed by Paramount Pictures. PG-13.

Shadow is set to appear in this movie.

The trailer is rumored to be released a few days after the release of the Knuckles series.

The movie will follow the events of Sonic The Hedgehog 2 (2022) as a sequel to said film and a #threequill to the first Sonic The Hedgehog (2020) film.

Kristine Gebbie

Kristine Moore Gebbie (June 26, 1943 – May 17, 2022) was an American academic and public health official. She was a professor at the Flinders University School of Nursing & Midwifery in Adelaide, Australia. She was born in Sioux City, Iowa. Gebbie was the White House AIDS Policy Coordinator from 1993 until 1994 during the Bill Clinton administration.

Gebbie died on May 17, 2022 in Adelaide from cancer, aged 78.

Pamela Sharples, Baroness Sharples

Pamela Sharples, Baroness Sharples (; 11 February 1923 – 19 May 2022) was a British life peer of the Conservative Party. She was honored with peerage in 1973 after the assassination of her husband, Sir Richard Sharples, Governor of Bermuda. She was on the House of Lords until 2017.

Sharples died on 19 May 2022 at the age of 99.

Jamie Bartlett

James Bartlett (9 July 1966 – 23 May 2022) was a British-born South African actor. He was best known for his role as David Genaro, in "Rhythm City". He was born in Maidenhead, Berkshire, England. His career began in 1984. He also played Sgt. James Gregory in "" (2013).

Bartlett died on 23 May 2022 in Johannesburg, South Africa at the age of 55.

Wendell (footballer, born 1947)

Wendell Lucena Ramalho (21/22 November 1947 – 23 May 2022), known as just Wendell, was a Brazilian football goalkeeper and coach. He played seven matches for the Brazil national football team between 1973 and 1974. He was born in Recife, Brazil.

Wendell died on 23 May 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the age of 74.

Katy Gallagher

Katherine Ruth Gallagher (born 18 March 1970) is an Australian politician. She has been a Senator for the Australian Capital Territory since the 2019 federal election. She is a member of the Australian Labor Party (ALP). She was a Senator from 2015 to 2018, and was Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory from 2011 to 2014.

In May 2022, Prime Minister Anthony Albanese picked Gallagher to be Minister of Finance, Minister for Women and Attorney-General of Australia.

Gallagher was born in Canberra, Australia.

Jawed Karim

Jawed Karim (born October 28, 1979) is an American software engineer and Internet entrepreneur. He has a Bangaladeshi descent from his paternal side and a German descent from his maternal side. He is a co-founder of YouTube. He is also the first person to upload a video to the site.

Sergio Moro

Sergio Fernando Moro (; born 1 August 1972) is a Brazilian jurist, former federal judge, college professor and politician. He was one of the lead judges in Operation Car Wash. Moro was also Minister of Justice and Public Security under the Jair Bolsonaro administration from 2019 to 2020. 

He briefly ran for President of Brazil in the 2022 election. Instead, he successfully ran for Senator of Paraná.

Simone Tebet

Simone Nassar Tebet (; born 27 February 1970) is a Brazilian lawyer, professor, writer, and politician. She has represented Mato Grosso do Sul in the Federal Senate since 2015. She was mayor of Três Lagoas from 2005 to 2010. She is a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party.

Tebet came in third place for President of Brazil in the 2022 election. 

Luciano Bivar

Luciano Caldas Bivar (born 29 November 1944) is a Brazilian politician and businessman. He was the PSL candidate for President of Brazil in the 2006 election. He has been the Federal Deputy for Pernambuco since 2019. He ran for president again in the 2022 election, before dropping out in July 2022.

Carl Wheezer

Carlton "Carl" Ulysses Wheezer is a fictional character from the American computer animated film "" and its adapted television series "" created by John A. Davis. Characterized by his extreme obsession with llamas and trademark high-pitched voice, he is one of Jimmy’s best friends.

The character was voiced by voice actor Rob Paulsen who also provides the vocals for his alien equivalent Doppy in its spin-off series "Planet Sheen".

A glasses-wearing boy with very low intelligence and one of Jimmy’s best friends, Carl is characterized by obsessions with llamas (which is a running gag throughout the series), and having a crush on Jimmy's mom, Judy Neutron. His unhealthy love for llamas stemmed when his parents inflated their cable lineups with a show within a show entitled Llama Boy the Superhero. From that point onwards, he goes to drastic measures to emulate them going far enough to a fan club nicknamed the Llama Love Society which is likely invented by himself.

Worthy to note, he has a severe allergen to lima beans, bacteria, and horror stories. Whenever he gets fatigued his mother makes him hot milk, rubs his stomach, and harmonizes nani nani nani.

Carl also has another unhealthy relationship with any types of food imaginable even if they are inedible which is a trait passed from his parents using an edible consumption substitute since they are allergic to nearly everything. Furthermore, he gets quite jealous on Jimmy’s extreme intelligence and 
gaining constant attraction from other girls besides Cindy. Carl has an absolute hatred on testing out his gadgets and serums coming from the fact that they often cause him fatalities or being in a state of endangerment.

A round 10-year-old characterized by his trademark high-pitched voice, Carl has red hair in a weird splat style, small black bead eyes in contrast to the other characters with colored irises, and brown circular spectacles alongside freckles in cheeks. During the series, he wears a yellow shirt with orange stripes alongside overall straps which were not present in the green pants and brown loafers while in the test pilot, he greatly resembles his father. Carl has been left in his underwear on numerous occasions, typically appearing in his tighty whities. Additionally, he has a very slight hunchback.

In both the series and film, he is played by professional voice artist Rob Paulsen. Besides this role, he also lent his vocals to his alien equivalent Doppy in its spinoff series Planet Sheen. Paulsen voices his parents as well and one-shot characters including the owner of a Golden Arches parody nicknamed Skeet in the episode “Men at Work.”

In 2012, a clip of Carl asking for a croissant in a faux-French accent became a popular internet meme.


Alan Gagloyev

Alan Eduardovich Gagloyev (; ; born 6 February 1981) is a South Ossetian politician and intelligence officer. He is the 5th and current president of South Ossetia since May 24, 2022. He is the current chairman of the Nykhaz party since February 2020.

Christian media

Christian media is a genre that exists throughout media formats including music, movies, radio, and books. Christianity has a long history of Christian art. Christian stories are based around the teachings of Jesus and the Bible. Most things that are in the Christian genre are popular with both Christians and people who are not Christian.



Cosmo and Wanda

Cosmo Julius and Wanda Venus Cosma (née Fairywinkle) are fictional characters in the Nickelodeon animated series The Fairly OddParents. The two are a pair of fairies who raise their godchildren Timmy Turner, and in the 10th season Chloe Carmichael in the fictitious city of Dimmsdale, California. 

In contrast to her unintelligent husband Cosmo, as a recurring theme series-wide, Wanda is the smarter of the duo and often grants empty-headed wishes while Cosmo himself is reluctantly one of the most asinine characters featured alongside Mr. Turner. 

The characters are voiced by Daran Norris and Susanne Blakeslee respectively. In addition, the pair also voices Timmy’s parents and their Anti-Fairy counterparts while in the first live made for TV they were portrayed by Jason Alexander and Cheryl Hines, respectively. 

In spite of his unusually low IQ, Cosmo loves his wife and godchild deeply, but due to the lack of said intelligence quotient his wishes often cause tremendous harm or hearing a mondegreen creating chaos. When someone else other than him dates Wanda, he becomes green with envy and usually goes along with Timmy’s wishes while she can get a tad stern with these. Prior to Season 6, he was the last infant to be produced in Fairy World. While impregnated in the events of said episode, he experienced severe mood swings so much that is unnatural fury frightened Wanda and Timmy. Having the almost same hairstyle as Timmy, Cosmo has Chelsea Cucumber green hair and matching eyes and a floating golden crown with light blue wings protruding. His apparel consists of a white business shirt with a black tie matching shirts and because of art style, identical loafers connecting 
his lower extremities. During the show’s early stages, he was initially designed as a Homer Simpson-like character before switching to his current appearance. 

Intelligent and comforting about her godchild, she is the most responsible out of the quartet. Frequently adopting the blame for chaos, she also overlooks at her husband’s dumbness. Because of those, she has a constant habit of nagging. Despite this, she serves as a sensible somebody whenever Cosmo or Timmy makes a wish asinine enough. Furthermore, she can be guilty of making the aforementioned wishes without reading Da Rules book of laws first. Originally designed as a frumpy fairy with a burly build while nicknamed Venus, Wanda has cerise hair tied in a bun and matching eyes, with her lips of the same color. As with her husband, she has light blue wings protruding from her back and a floating golden crown. Her apparel consists of a yellow T-shirt, black slacks, and once more because of the art style, matching loafers connecting her lower extremities. In very early episodes, her complexion was tinted baby pink later changed to regular skin.

Daran Norris was nominated at the 39th Annie Awards for voice acting in a television program, ultimately losing to Jeff Bennett for his role in "Penguins of Madagascar".

 

Lovelock, Nevada

Lovelock is a city in Nevada. It lies in Pershing County and is the only incorporated city in the county. In 2020, 1,805 people lived there. There's a medium-security prison. There is also a train station. Settlers on their way to California used to stop in Lovelock. Today, the city's economy is mostly based on farming and mining. There's also a little tourism.

Disney Magicboard Online

Disney Magicboard Online (迪士尼魔幻飞板) is a racing online game featuring Disney characters. This online game was released only in China on December 10, 2007. It was developed by the China game developer Shanda under license of The Walt Disney Company.

Players can control the magicboard by using the arrow keys on the keyboard. They can choose only one character. After they choose, it cannot change back.



MicroWiki

MicroWiki is a free online encyclopedia website. It was started on 27 May 2005 to make micronational pages with more information than Wikipedia can with its current rules. MicroWiki calls itself the "largest encyclopaedia on micronations".

As of December 2020, MicroWiki had about 115,000 pages.


List of Canada Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Canadian Twenty20 International cricketers.


How to Fish

How to Fish is an animated short produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released on December 9, 1942. It stars Goofy and was directed by Jack Kinney.

Like all "How To" Disney shorts, this one opens with a narrator explaining how to fish, with Goofy acting as the visual narrator. This short film does not have a plot; all the facts are jumbled together, with several humorous facts and clips.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:

Robb Elementary School shooting

On May 24, 2022, a mass shooting took place at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, United States, when 18-year old Salvador Ramos shot and killed 21 people and injured 18 others. Of the people fatally shot, 19 were students and two were teachers. Earlier that day, Ramos reportedly shot and critically wounded his grandmother.

The attack was the deadliest school shooting in Texas history, the deadliest mass shooting at a U.S. elementary school since the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012, the deadliest U.S. school shooting since the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in 2018, and the 9th deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.

In 2022, the school had about 600 students in the second through fourth grades. The majority of them were Latino.

The school district had many security measures at the time of the shooting, including four officers working within the school district and a security staff.

The shooter is said to have entered the school at around 11:30a.m. CDT. Police say the shooting began two minutes later, and according to a Facebook post by the school, the school was put on lockdown at 11:43a.m. in response to gunshots in the neighborhood.

U.S. Border Patrol agents began shooting at Ramos after responding to the shooting. Ramos fired back until being shot and killed by a patrol agent.

The children killed were from 2nd, 3rd and 4th grade with ages ranging from aged 7 to 11.

The shooting came less than two weeks after a mass shooting in Buffalo, New York that killed ten people.

The nineteen students and two teachers killed in the shooting were:

Joe García, husband of Irma García, one of the teachers killed in the shooting, died afterwards of a heart attack, with his family saying he died of "grief".

Salvador Rolando Ramos (May 16, 2004 – May 24, 2022) was from North Dakota and lived in Uvalde. He had Hispanic ancestry. Before the shooting, he had no criminal record or documented mental health issues. He had a stutter and a strong lisp and was bullied because of it. He dropped out of high school because of bad attendance and would often get into fights with some of his classmates.

Ramos legally bought a semi-automatic rifle from a local gun store on May 17, 2022, a day after his 18th birthday, and bought another rifle three days later. He had also bought an AR-15 style rifle eight days before the shooting. On May 18, 2022, he bought 375 rounds of ammunition.

U.S. President Joe Biden addressed the nation on the night of the shooting and said: "As a nation we have to ask when in God's name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby...I am sick and tired of it -- we have to act." Biden did not lay out any plan to take action, which disappointed gun control activists. A study found that 90% of Americans supported universal background checks for gun buyers.

Former presidents Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and Donald Trump, and many worlds leaders reacted to the shooting such as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, French President Emmanuel Macron, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, Pope Francis, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres.

In the aftermath of the shooting, the Uvalde police response was criticized for not acting quickly. The police were outside the school and did not enter the school for 40 minutes to an hour after Ramos had entered the building and began shooting.

List of Oman Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Oman Twenty20 International cricketers.
The team's debut came in its last match of the tournament, the fifth-place play-off against Afghanistan. Oman lost the match, played at Castle Avenue, Dublin, by five wickets. 
Oman maintained their T20I status until 2019. In April 2018, the ICC granted full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members, starting from 1 January 2019. Therefore, Oman will retain its T20I status.

"Last updated 24 February 2022"


Spanish East Indies

The Spanish East Indies ( ; Filipino: "Silangang Indiyas ng Espanya") were the overseas territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia and Oceania from 1565 to 1901, They were governed from Mexico City and Madrid through the captaincy general in Manila.
The territories are:

The King of Spain called himself "King of the East and West Indies".

From 1565 to 1821 these territories, together with the Spanish West Indies, were administered through the Viceroyalty of New Spain based in Mexico City. After independence of the Mexican empire, they were ruled directly from Madrid. The territories ruled included present day Philippines, Guam and the Mariana Islands, as well as Palau, part of Micronesia and for a brief period and parts of North Sulawesi and the Moluccas. Cebu was the first seat of government, which later transferred to Manila.

As a result of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the United States of America occupied the Spanish Philippines and Guam, while Spain sold other smaller islands to Germany in the German–Spanish Treaty of 1899. The few remaining islands were ceded to the United States when the Treaty of Washington was ratified in 1901.

Ouka Leele

Bárbara Allende Gil de Biedma (29 June 1957 – 24 May 2022), also known as Ouka Leele, was a Spanish photographer. Her uncle Jaime Gil de Biedma was a famous poet. She was one of the most important photographers during La Movida Madrileña. She also worked as an illustrator and written many poetry books. She was a member of the Agence VU. Leele was born in Madrid, Spain.

Leele died on 24 May 2022 in Madrid at the age of 64.

Yellowstone National Park Protection Act

The Yellowstone National Park Protection Act was an act by the US Congress and signed into law on March 1, 1872 by President Ulysses S. Grant.

Mass shootings in the United States

Mass shootings are events where there are many victims of firearm-related violence. There is no exact definition for a "mass shooting". One definition is that a mass shooting is an act of public firearm violence in which a shooter kills at least four victims. Gang killings, domestic violence, or terrorist acts by an organization are not included. With this definition, one study found that about one-third of the world's public mass shootings between 1966 and 2012 (90 of 292 events) happened in the United States. "The Washington Post" recorded 163 mass shootings in the United States between 1967 and June 2019.

The United States has had more mass shootings than any other country. Shooters generally either die by suicide afterward, are arrested, or are killed by police officers or civilians.

Mass shootings are responsible for under 0.2% of homicides in the country between 2000 and 2016.

According to a March 2022 report, over mass shootings in the last 40 years, in 52% of mass shootings in the United States the shooter was white, 16% were African American, and 8% were Latino. In 96% of mass shootings the shooter was male, in 2% they were female, and in 2% there were both male and female shooters.

Many types of guns have been used in mass shootings in the United States, including semi-automatic handguns, semi-automatic rifles, revolvers, and shotguns. Of the 172 events from 1966 to 2019 that are seen as mass public shootings in the U.S., handguns were used in 77.2% of cases and semi-automatic rifles in 25.1% of cases. From 1966 to 2019, about 77% of mass shooters in the U.S. legally bought the weapons used in the attacks.

In a study, experts said that roughly one-third of acts of mass shootings since the 1990s were committed by people with a "serious mental illness". However, the study also said that people with a serious mental illness are responsible for less than 4% of all the violent acts in the United States. The American Psychiatric Association (APA) said that gun violence is a public health crisis and that a majority of people with mental illness are not violent and "are far more likely to be victims of violent crime." 

In February 2021, a survey published by psychiatrists at Columbia University found that in 1,315 out of 14,785 mass murders around the world, personal motives were the main cause. In only 11% of these 1,315 murders and 8% of these shootings, the murderer had a serious mental illness.

Tagalog Republic

There were two governments called the Tagalog Republic (, which means "Republic of the Tagalog Nation/People"; ). Filipino people made these governments when the Philippines was a colony of Spain, and when it was a colony of the United States. They fought against the Spanish Empire and in the Philippine–American War. Both governments were connected to the Katipunan movement, which wanted the Philippines to be a free country.

Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip

Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip is a 1940 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film was directed by Clyde Geronimi and features original music by Leigh Harline and Oliver Wallace. The film was animated by Clyde Geronimi, Ken Muse, Ed Love, Marvin Woodward, and Ray Abrams. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey, Lee Millar as Pluto, and Billy Bletcher as Pete. It was the 109th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the third for that year.

The fame of the short has since grown some historical significance, as Walt Disney himself was filmed recording his lines as Mickey Mouse for it, making it one of the only times he was shown doing his voice on camera. Alongside him as voice dubbing is actor Billy Bletcher as the voice of Pete.

The cartoon follows Mickey Mouse and his dog Pluto traveling by train, except they have a rule forbidding dogs from entering the train; Pete plays a menacing conductor intent on enforcing this rule.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


2009 Fort Hood shooting

On November 5, 2009, a mass shooting took place at Fort Hood, near Killeen, Texas. Nidal Hasan, a U.S. Army major and psychiatrist, fatally shot 13 people and injured more than 30 others.

It was the deadliest mass shooting on an American military base.

TeleXitos

TeleXitos is an American Spanish language television network owned by NBCUniversal Telemundo Enterprises. Aimed at the Hispanic and Latin American community, the network airs a mix of dramatic television series from the 1970s to the 2000s and movies. All programming is dubbed into Spanish.

Vladimir Averchev

Vladimir Petrovich Averchev (; 1 November 1946 – 24 May 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a Deputy of the State Duma between 1993 and 2000. Averchev was a member of the Yabloko Party. He was born in Pilninsky District, Gorky Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Averchev died on 24 May 2022 at the age of 75.

Owain Gwynedd

Owain Gwynedd ( 1100 - 23/28 November 1170) was King of Gwynedd and King of all Wales from 1137 until 1170. He ruled over all of Wales. That was not common because Wales rarely ever was united.

TeleHit

TeleHit is a Mexican cable/satellite television network. It has been broadcasting since 1993. Its main programming is music and music videos. It is a part of Televisa Networks, an affiliate of TelevisaUnivision Mexico, and is also available in various countries in Latin America and United States.

Telehit is MTV's second Spanish language music video network. At first, it aired Spanish music. Now it airs a fusion of different musical rhythms, like pop, rock, electronic, hip-hop and reggaeton.

Besides music videos, the channel also broadcasts concerts, TV specials and general-interest content for youth. Telehit has also been a platform for hosts and actors to being into Mexican show business.

The Telehit Awards were first presented on November 5, 2008. It was made to commemorate 15 years of airing on Mexican television. These awards recognize the most outstanding artists in music.






Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd

Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd (1130 - 1170/1171) was briefly King of Gwynedd in late 1170, he was confronted with a coup and killed during battle.

The Anarchy

The Anarchy was a civil war in England from 1135 until 1153, it was started over King Stephen claiming the throne, he would later be temporarily captured in 1141 at the Battle of Lincoln.

Thoughts and prayers

The saying "thoughts and prayers" is often used by politicians and celebrities in the United States as a condolence after a tragic event, such as a deadly natural disaster or mass shooting. 

The phrase has been controversial for its repeated use in terms of gun violence, mass shootings or terrorism. Critics say that "thoughts and prayers" are said instead for action such as gun control or counter-terrorism.

Cinémoi

Cinémoi is a television network focusing on film, fashion and international style.


L'estro armonico

L'estro armonico (English: "The Harmonic Inspiration"), Op. 3, is a set of violin concertos written by Antonio Vivaldi. It was written for Ferdinando de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany. It was published in 1711 in Amsterdam. It was very popular. The concertos are often used to teach playing the violin.

Country (movie)

Country is a 1984 American drama movie directed by Richard Pearce. It stars Jessica Lange (in her Oscar nominated role), Sam Shepard, Wilford Brimley, Matt Clark, Sandra Seacat and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione

Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione (English "The contest between harmony and invention"), Op. 8, is a set of violin concertos written by Antonio Vivaldi. The first four concertos are known as "The Four Seasons". It was first published in 1725 in Amsterdam.

BBC World Service

The BBC World Service is an international broadcaster. It is owned and operated by the BBC. It is funding from the British Government through the Foreign Secretary's office. It is the world's largest external broadcaster in terms of reception area, language selection and audience reach. It broadcasts radio news, speech and discussions in more than 40 languages to many parts of the world. It broadcasts on analogue and digital shortwave platforms, internet streaming, podcasting, satellite, DAB, FM and MW relays. 

In 2015, the World Service reached an average of 210 million people a week (via TV, radio and online). In November 2016, the BBC announced that it would start broadcasting in additional languages including Amharic and Igbo.

BBC World Service English maintains eight regional feeds with several programme variations, covering, respectively. The locations are East and South Africa; West and Central Africa; Europe and Middle East; the Americas and Caribbean; East Asia; South Asia; Australasia; and the United Kingdom. 

There are also two separate online-only streams with one being more news-oriented. It is known as "News Internet". The service broadcasts 24 hours a day.

The current director of the BBC World Service is Liliane Landor. The current director of the BBC World Service in English is Mary Hockaday.


RTVI

RTVI (Russian Television International), more recently stylized as RTVi, is a privately-owned international Russian-language television network. Its primary audiences are the Russian-speaking communities of Israel, Germany and the US. RTVI does not broadcast in Russia, but is available to the Russian audience online.

The channel studios are based in New York City, Tel Aviv, Berlin and Riga. Additional news bureaus of RTVi are located in Washington, D.C., London, Moscow, Kyiv, Tbilisi, Yerevan and Chisinau. The channel launched on 1 January 1997 as NTV International, before rebranding as RTVi in 2002.

It has special programs focused on Israeli politics and the Russian-speaking communities (for example, "This Week in Israel") in Israel and also Germany (with the program "This Week in Germany").


List of Hong Kong Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Hong Kong cricket team who have played at least one T20I match.

Hong Kong's first T20I was the second match of group A in the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 against Nepal, which they lost by 80 runs. Hong Kong's final match at the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 was the team's first T20I victory. The game was against Bangladesh and Hong Kong won by two wickets.

"Statistics are correct as of 6 March 2020."

Notes:
Ryan Campbell has also played T20 cricket for Australia .


Mark Chapman (cricketer)

Mark Sinclair Chapman was born 27 June, 1994 in Hong Kong. He is a Hong Kong-New Zealand cricketer who played 6 one-day internationals and 32 twenty20 internationals for Hong Kong and New Zealand.

Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2)

Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2) is the fifth studio album by Fat Joe. The album was released on October 6, 2009.

HAMLET (protein complex)

HAMLET (from "Human Alpha-lactalbumin Made LEthal to Thumor cells") is a complex between alpha-lactoalbumin and oleic acid that has been shown to be effective to induce apoptosis in tumor cells.

HAMLET is a potential chemotherapeutic agent. 

Catharina Svanborg, immunologist at Lund University, and her student Anders Håkansson began experimenting in 1992 with human milk, microbes and cells in routine research. By chance, they observed how isolated cancer cells decreased in contact with milk. They formed a team of thesis students to investigate the finding and to search for the mechanism and the component that causes it.

In 1995, Håkansson found an isolated compound in a fraction of human milk that induced what appeared to be apoptosis in human lung carcinoma, pneumococcal bacteria and other pathogens, leaving healthy cells unaffected. It was the perfect cure in that case. The Vice President of the American Cancer Society traveled to Sweden and awarded them a grant to continue researching cancer. The company HAMLET Pharma was created to explore the compound.

The active component responsible for the tumoricidal activity, a complex of alpha-lactoalbumin and oleic acid, was found in 2000. 

Endogenous human alpha-lactoalbumin serves as a cofactor in lactose synthesis, but has no tumoricidal properties. Alpha-lactoalbumin must be partially deployed to allow the release of the calcium ion and its replacement by an oleic acid molecule. Partially folded conformation is essential for HAMLET cytotoxicity. Oleic acid is needed to stabilize this molecule in the partially unfolded state. In recent years, HAMLET's structure, function and clinical applications are under investigation.

HAMLET performs attacks on many different cell organelles, including mitochondria, proteasomes, and histones, and interferes with cellular processes such as macroautophagy. HAMLET has been shown to bind to the cell surface and rapidly invade cells, and tumor cells absorb much more protein than healthy, differentiated cells.

One of HAMLET's most prominent targets once inside the cell is mitochondria. Electron microscopy revealed physical damage to mitochondrial membranes.

Another target of HAMLET is the proteasome. 26S are activated in response to large amounts of HAMLET protein deployed in the cytoplasm, but degradation of HAMLET by the proteasome is unusually slow. However, proteasome inhibition alone does not appear to be responsible for HAMLET-induced cell death, as proteasome inhibitors have been shown to reduce HAMLET cytotoxicity.

HAMLET also targets the nucleus, where it interacts with histones to interfere with transcription processes.

HAMLET cells have shown the physiological characteristics of macroautophagy, a process in which cellular components are sequestered into double-membrane-bound vesicles that fuse with lysosomes for degradation. HAMLET and cells under amino acid starvation conditions (an initiator of macroautophagy) showed similar expression patterns of autophagocytotic proteins and responded equally well to the addition of inhibitors of macroautophagy.

Although HAMLET alone is not active against most bacteria, when it is present along with antibiotics, HAMLET can help. Specifically, HAMLET can cause MRSA bacteria to be sensitive to methicillin, vancomycin, gentamicin, and erythromycin.

Research is underway to determine if this could be a possible treatment for cancer. Animal models of glioblastoma have been successfully studied. The first human trial of the therapy was on benign skin growths (warts) and showed positive results with no side effects.

It is being studied in carcinomas of the lung, throat, kidney, colon, bladder, prostate, and ovaries, as well as in melanomas, glioblastomas, and leukemias. A study of bladder cancer in a mouse found that it caused the elimination of TUNEL-positive cancer cells in the urine, with no adverse side effects on healthy cells.

BBC presents Howard Cohen as an American physicist-theorist with prostate cancer diagnosed in 1999 who decided to start a diet with human breast milk intake after reading works on HAMLET. Anders Håkansson mentioned that, since it is a protein complex, most of it is digested in the stomach, and it is not known how much of the compound can reach a tumor. Cohen has appeared in several US TV-news and in 2020 he participated in Netflix's "(Un)Well" program on human milk. The program addresses the various practices of consuming human milk in adults, including unregulated online shopping and its use by bodybuilders for alleged unproven benefits.

HAMLET Pharma has also made various audiovisuals such as "'This is HAMLET' ."



Banksia tricuspis

Banksia tricuspis, also known as Lesueur banksia or pine banksia, is a plant in the family Proteaceae and is popularly seen in the south-west of Western Australia. It is a short plant with narrow leaves and spikes of golden-coloured flowers.

"Banksia tricuspis" is small tree which grows to a height of with thick, grey, wrinkled, fireproof bark on its trunk. It grows in spring and it's new leaves are pale greenish-brown. The leaves are mostly crowded near the ends of the branches. They are long wide. The upper surface of the leaves is covered with soft hairs at first but the hair fade away as the leaves mature. The lower surface is woolly.

The plant is fireproof and new ones grow after fire. This banksia is mostly found around Mount Lesueur in Lesueur National Park in the Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic region. It grows in rocky lateritic soil in shrubland.

List of Hong Kong ODI cricketers

A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams. This is a list of cricketers from Hong Kong that joined ODI matches.

"Last updated 18 September 2018."

Notes:


Samsung Galaxy S series

Samsung Galaxy S is a series of smartphones ever since 2010 with the Galaxy S made by Samsung.

Scinax oreites

The Balzapata snouted tree frog ("Scinax oreites") is a frog. It lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it in rainforests in the mountains. They have seen it between 1600 and 2400 meters above sea level.

Translational symmetry

When someone translates something in the geometric way, they are moving the thing from one place to another without rotating it (turning it around).

Transnational symmetry means that when the thing is translated, it is still exactly the same.

Susan Hood

Susan Hood (born January 21, 1954) is an American author of over 200 children's books.

Susan Hood was born on January 21, 1954 in New Haven, Connecticut.




Tony Anholt

Anthony Anholt known as Tony Anholt was a British actor. He is best known for playing Charles Frere in "Howards' Way", Tony Verdeschi in "", Paul Buchet in "The Protectors" and guest starred in "Coronation Street". He was born in 19 January 1941. He died in 26 July 2002. He was married to Tracey Childs and is the father of actor Christien Anholt of "Relic Hunter" fame.


Great West League

The Great West League (GWL) was a short-season collegiate wood bat baseball league based out of Portland, Oregon and ran from 2016 to 2018. The league was founded in 2014 and consisted of college-age athletes who were only college eligible. League teams were run consistently like professional minor league or independent teams. Operations ceased on October 4, 2018 and several teams went to various other collegiate leagues.

Teams list (years played in the GWL):



Time translation symmetry

Time translation symmetry means that the laws of physics are the same no matter where one is in time.

Time crystals, a state of matter first observed (seen by humans) in 2017, do break the symmetry.

E. Gerald Corrigan

Edward Gerald Corrigan (June 13, 1941 – May 17, 2022) was an American banker and politician. He was the seventh President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Vice-Chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee from 1985 until 1993. Corrigan also worked for Goldman Sachs, retiring in 2016. He was also a member of the Group of Thirty. Corrigan was born in Waterbury, Connecticut.

Corrigan died on May 17, 2022 in Boston, Massachusetts from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 80.

Thomas Ulsrud

Thomas Ulsrud (21 October 1971 – 24 May 2022) was a Norwegian curler. He was born in Oslo, Norway. He was the skip of the 2014 World champion Norwegian national team. He was a two-time European champion, 14-time Norwegian men's champion and Olympic silver medalist in the 2010 Winter Olympics. 

Ulsrud died on 24 May 2022 in Oslo from cancer, aged 50.

San Ysidro McDonald's massacre

The San Ysidro McDonald's massacre was an act of mass murder which happened at a McDonald's restaurant in the San Ysidro neighborhood of San Diego, California, on July 18, 1984. The shooter, 41-year-old James Huberty, fatally shot 21 people and wounded 19 others before being killed by a police sniper about 77 minutes after the shooting began.

At the time, the massacre was the deadliest mass shooting by a lone gunman in U.S. history.

Huberty was a conspiracy theorist and survivalist, who believed the Cold War was going to end the world and that president Jimmy Carter and, later, Ronald Reagan and the United States government were working against him.

Survivalism

Survivalism is a social movement of people or groups (called survivalists or preppers) who prepare for emergencies, including natural disasters. They often prepare for international or global catastrophe. 

Survivalism may be focused on preparing for a personal emergency, such as job loss or being stranded in the wild or under bad weather conditions.

Scinax tropicalia

Tropicalia's snouted tree frog ("Scinax tropicalia") is a frog. Scientists found two different groups of these frogs, both in Brazil. It lives no more than 600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests on the Atlantic side (east side) of Brazil.

The adult male frog is 30.8 to 39.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 35.3 to 44.1 mm long. Its chest and belly are yellow and its throat is orange. This frog is brown in color with darker brown marks. It has dark brown stripes on its inner legs, outer legs, and all of its front and back toes. Its back feet have more webbing than its front feet.

The pupils of the frog's eye open up and down so that the slit goes left to right. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw. The frog's upper front leg is thinner than its lower front leg, and its front feet are large for its body. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

Scientists heard this frog make three kinds of sounds: When the male frog sings for the female frog, he sings one short note. When male frogs see each other, they make other kinds of sounds. A frog may make a short squeak if another male frog comes too close. He may squeak if a male frog tries to mate with him. A male frog may make a long noise if another male tries to push him off a female.

This frog is named after the Tropicália, or Tropicalismo, music.

Three-age system

The three-age system is how some historians and archaeologists divide up prehistoric times. The three ages are named after what early humans were making tools out of during each one. The first was the Stone Age. The second was the Bronze Age. The third was the Iron Age. 

Steph Haydock

Stephanie "Steph" Haydock is a fictional character from the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road", portrayed by Denise Welch. Steph first appeared in the pilot episode of the series, first broadcast on 9 March 2006. She appeared as a regular character for four years before departing in the series five finale, broadcast on 15 July 2010. Welch left "Waterloo Road" without intending to return for the sixth series, but eventually decided to come back for episodes 9 and 10, broadcast on 20 and 27 October, respectively. Steph appeared in 79 episodes in total.

Steph was part of the original teaching team and was the original Head of French at Waterloo Road, and was good friends with colleagues Grantly Budgen (Philip Martin Brown) and Kim Campbell (Angela Griffin). She had little control over her classes, limited respect from the pupils and is a pretty hopeless teacher. Everyone is fond of her and they turn a blind eye to the brutal fact that she’s a rubbish French teacher, however Steph harbours a maternal nature which is displayed a lot over her time at Waterloo Road. Even though she left the school, she proved a loyal friend to members of staff by returning several times when they needed her.

Steph re-appears in Series 6 Episode 9 and Episode 10 to help Grantly with Fleur's (Lorraine Cheshire) dementia.

Welch won the 2009 and 2010 "TV Quick" and "TV Choice" Award for "Best Actress". 

Thermoelectric effect

The thermoelectric effect is when two different temperatures are shown as electric volts, or the other way around (electric volts are shown as different temperatures). To make this happen, people use a thermocouple. 

John Moriarty (conductor)

John Moriarty (September 30, 1930 – January 5, 2022) was an American conductor and stage director. He worked on productions at opera companies throughout the United States. He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He was piano soloist with the Boston Pops, the Boston Civic Symphony, and the Radio Éireann Orchestra of Dublin.

Moriarty died on January 5, 2022 at his home in Fall River at the age of 91.

Barrington Patterson

Barrington Renford Patterson (25 August 1965 – 22 March 2022) was an English kickboxer and mixed martial artist. He competed in the super heavyweight division and once fought for a world International Kickboxing Federation Kickboxing Championship. In October 1999, Patterson made his debut in mixed martial arts (MMA) at an It's Showtime event.

Patterson died of a heart attack in Birmingham, England on 22 March 2022, at the age of 56.

Yuz Aleshkovsky

Iosif Efimovich Aleshkovsky (), known as Yuz Aleshkovsky () (September 21, 1929 – March 21, 2022) was a Russian singer-songwriter, poet and, playwright. He was born in Krasnoyarsk, Siberian Krai, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. He was a visiting professor at Wesleyan University in the United States. In 1987 he was awarded a Guggenheim fellowship for fiction. In 2002 Aleshkovsky won the Pushkin Prize.

Aleshkovsky died on March 21, 2022 in Tampa, Florida at the age of 92.


Parliament of Tuvalu

The Parliament of Tuvalu (called "Fale i Fono" in Tuvaluan, or "Palamene o Tuvalu") is the unicameral national legislature of Tuvalu. The place at which the parliament sits is called the "Vaiaku maneapa".

Minute Alapati Taupo

Minute Alapati Taupo OBE (1 February 1962 – 23 May 2022) was a Tuvaluan politician, economist and accountant. Taupo was elected to the Parliament of Tuvalu in 2019. He was nominated as Deputy Prime Minister & Minister for Fisheries and Trade that same year. Before, he was the Ambassador to Taiwan from 2013 until 2017. 

Taupo died on 23 May 2022 from a heart attack while giving a speech in Nui, Tuvalu at the age of 60.

Nui (atoll)

Nui is an atoll and one of nine districts of the Pacific Ocean state of Tuvalu. It has a land area of 3.37 km² and a population of 610 in 2017.

David Datuna

David Datuna (; February 10, 1974 – May 24, 2022) was a Georgian-born American artist. He lived in New York City. He was known for his "Viewpoint of Millions" series which talked about the meaning of cultural identity from many points of view.

Datuna died on May 24, 2022 at a hospital in Boston, Massachusetts from lung cancer at the age of 48.

Bath, Michigan

Bath is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Clinton County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located in Bath Charter Township. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 2,841.

Residual value

Residual value is value left over after depreciation. They are dealt with either in Closed or Open Contracts.

Penal labour

Penal labour/servitude is manual labor that someone is required to perform as a punishment for a crime. It almost always is part of a prison sentence and includes chain gangs.

Depreciation

Depreciation is a gradual loss of the value of a certain item or commodity over time.

UPN Kids

UPN Kids is a former American children's programming block that aired on UPN from September 10, 1995 to September 5, 1999. Airing on Sunday mornings, the block aired for one hour (10:00 to 11:00am), then two hours the following year (9:00 to 11:00 a.m., regardless of time zone).

Family Guy: Season 10 Episode 2

Thru the Mirror

Thru the Mirror is a Mickey Mouse cartoon short movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by United Artists in 1936. In this cartoon short, Mickey has a "Through the Looking-Glass"-type dream that he travels through his mirror and enters a topsy-turvy world where everything is alive. While there, he engages in a Fred Astaire dance number with a pair of gloves and a pack of cards, until the cards chase him out of the bizarre world. It was the 83rd Mickey Mouse short film to be released, the fourth of that year.


PXTV

PX Sports (Primero Action Sports Television) is a Spanish-language television channel. It airs music, lifestyle and extreme action sports related programming.

Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E.)

Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E.) is the fourth studio album by Fat Joe. The album was released on December 4, 2001.

The Time Thing

The Time Thing is the pilot episode of Steven Universe. It first broadcast on May 14, 2013 aired on Cartoon Network.

Eyeglass prescription

An eyeglass prescription or glasses prescription is a prescription for corrective glasses lenses. It specifies what "strength" of lenses the patient needs to see clearly. These prescriptions use dioptres as the measure. They usually have four sections.

The first one is the "base power" (also called "sphere power") measured in diopters (dioptres). Prescriptions for hyperopia have a + sign in front of the number, while prescriptions for myopia have a - sign.

The second is the "cylinder power", which is particularly for people with astigmatism. The "cylinder" refers to the type of corrective lens that treats astigmatism, called a "cylindrical lens".

The third is the "axis component", which measures the position of both the "sphere" and "cylinder" powers.

Chizuko Ueno

Chizuko Ueno has worked her entire career for gender equality in the Japanese society. Her research helped to make gender studies as an acknowledged field of research in Japan.

In 1982, Ueno wrote "The Study of the 'Sexy Girl"' (セクシィ・ギャルの大研究) and "Reading the Housewife Debates" (主婦論争を読む). These were called "The Flagbearers of 1980's Feminism". She studied the relationship between the "Women's Lib" (ウーマン・リブ) movement of the 1960s and Women's Liberation Movement (女性解放運動) of the 1970s. She used structuralist and semiotic theory to sociology to investigate how gender works in society. Along with Asada Akira, Nakazawa Shin'ichi, and Yomota Inuhiko, she was part of the New Academicism Boom (ニュー・アカデミズム・ブーム).

She dropped out of her doctoral course and Ueno worked in a marketing systems think tank. She wrote a lot about consumption and society.

From 1979 to 1989, she was a Lecturer and later Associate Professor at the Heian Women's College. She was an Associate Professor and Professor at the Kyoto Seika University at the Department of Humanities from 1989 to 1994. She is a special guest professor at the Graduate School of Core Ethics and Frontier Sciences at Ritsumeikan University and a professor emeritus at the University of Tokyo. She retired from University of Tokyo to become Chief Director of the Women's Action Network (WAN). The group connects feminists from different backgrounds. In 1994, Ueno received the Suntory Arts and Sciences award for her work, "The Rise and Fall of the Modern Family".

Optometrist

An optometrist is someone who does eye exams and writes eyeglass prescriptions or contact lens prescriptions when needed. They practice optometry.

Optometry

Optometry is the branch of medicine that deals with the health of and problems with people's eyes. Optometrists specialize in "refractive errors" like myopia and hyperopia, for which they can prescribe eyeglasses or contact lenss. Optometry also includes the diagnosing and treatment of eye diseases like glaucoma or "double vision".

Eye examination

An eye exam or eye test is a series of diagnosis examinations conducted by optometrists to determine what vision problem(s) one may have, whether they need a prescription for glasses and how strong (in diopters) the lenses need to be, etc.

Dioptre

The dioptre or diopter is a unit for measuring lens power, particularly corrective lens power.

CGTN Spanish

CGTN Spanish (formerly CCTV International Spanish or CCTV-Español and CCTV-E) is the Spanish language entertainment and news channel of China Global Television Network (CGTN). It is part of the state-owned broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV) originating in China. It is also a part of the Chinese Government's information ministry.

The channel caters to an international audience. All programs are dubbed into Spanish or they have Spanish subtitles. There are also news programs featuring Spanish-speaking reporters. These programs provide both Chinese and international news coverage.

Most programs on CGTN Spanish are 30 minutes long. They feature a variety of content, including news programs, educational programs, and Chinese soap operas.

There are also programs offering tourism advice and showcasing new Chinese artists.
CGTN Spanish was launched on October 1, 2007, as CCTV-E. It replaced the bi-lingual Spanish / French language CCTV E&F channel which was launched on October 1, 2004.

In 2016 CCTV-E partnered with TeleSUR to coproduce a cultural program called "Prisma".

Optical power

Optical power refers to the "strength" of a lens, that is, how much the lens bends light.

Corn Chips

Corn Chips is a 1951 Donald Duck cartoon made by the Walt Disney Animation Studios starring Donald Duck and the chipmunks Chip 'n' Dale. The film was released on March 23, 1951.


The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

Offspring

In biology, offspring are the young creation of living organisms. They may be produced by a single organism or, in the case of sexual reproduction, two organisms. 

Collective offspring may be known as a brood or progeny. In a more general way, 'brood' implies a set of simultaneous offspring, such as the chicks hatched from one clutch of eggs. Progeny is a more general word.

The Idiot

The Idiot (pre-reform Russian: Идіотъ; post-reform Russian: Идиот) is a novel by the 19th-century Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky. It was first published serially in the journal "The Russian Messenger" in 1868–69.

The title is an ironic reference to the central character of the novel, Prince Lev Nikolayevich Myshkin. He is a young man whose goodness, open-hearted simplicity and guilelessness mislead many of the more worldly characters he encounters. They assume he is an idiot because he seems to lack intelligence and insight. In the character of Prince Myshkin, Dostoevsky set himself the task of depicting "the positively good and beautiful man". The novel is about the effect of having such an unusual person at the center of the conflicts, desires, passions and egoism of a worldly society.

Morissette

Johanne Morissette Daug Amon-Lamar (born June 2, 1996), better known by her stage name Morissette, is a Filipina singer, songwriter, producer, actress, and artist. Morissette, who was born and raised in Cebu, rose to popularity when she became runner-up on TV5's Star Factor at the age of 14. In 2012, she made her Broadway debut in the Repertory Philippines production of Disney's Camp Rock.

Morissette appeared on the first season of ABS-CBN's The Voice of the Philippines in 2013, where she joined singer Sarah Geronimo's team. On ABS-CBN's show, ASAP, she debuted in January 2014 as one of the "Homegrown Divas," which eventually became ASAP's "Birit Queens." In early 2014, she signed with Star Music, and her debut album, Morissette, was released in March 2015. In 2017, Morissette was branded "The Next Big Diva." After representing the Philippines at the 14th Asian Song Festival in Busan, South Korea, on September 24, 2017, she was dubbed "Asia's Phoenix." On October 3, 2018, she returned to the same festival to represent the Philippines at the 15th Asian Song Festival in Busan, and she was the only Filipino artist invited to the event twice in a row.


List of Bermuda ODI cricketers

This list includes all players from Bermuda who have played at least one ODI match.


Data breach

A data breach is a security violation. It causes all sensitive, protected or confidential data to be copied, transmitted, viewed, stolen or used by an unauthorized person or organisation. This term is known as unintentional information disclosure, data leak, information leakage, and data spill. A deliberate data breach by a person privy to the information, typically for political purposes, is more often known as a "leak".

Data breaches may involve financial information such as credit card and debit card details, bank details, personal health information (PHI), Personally identifiable information (PII), trade secrets of corporations or intellectual property. Data breaches may involve overexposed and vulnerable unstructured data – files, documents, and sensitive information.

Data breaches can be quite costly to organizations with direct costs (remediation, investigation, etc) and indirect costs (reputational damages, providing cyber security to victims of compromised data, etc.).

ISO/IEC 27040 defines a data breach as: "compromise of security that leads to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to protected data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed".



SC Hakoah Hallein

SC Hakoah Hallein was a football club from Hallein in Salzburg. He was founded 1949 in the Displaced Persons camp „Beth Israel“ in Hallein and was the only jewish football club in Salzburg (state).

The team was coached by Heinrich Schönfeld a former football player of Hakoah Wien. SC Hakoah was member of the Salzburger Fußballverbandes (SFV). They played friendly matches versus different teams from Salzburg. In the 1952/52 season they played in the 2. Klasse Gruppe A. Because a lot of the players emigrated the club was dissolved in April 1953.

List of New Zealand Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of New Zealand Twenty20 International cricketers. A Twenty20 International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). A Twenty20 International is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 21 November 2021.


Bolaji Amusan

Bolaji Amusan is a Nigerian comedian, popularly known as Mr Latin. He was born on October 15, 1966. he is a film maker, producer and a director. since 2018, he has been the president of "Theatre Arts and Movie Practitioners Association of Nigeria".

Nana Abdullahi

Nana abdullahi was born in March 5 1960. She was a Nigerian lawyer.

Abdullahi became the Jigsaw state's first female high court judge In 2010. In 2000 to 2005 Abdullahi served as the solicitor general,general and commissioner for Justice.

Moji Afolayan

Moji Afolayan is a Nigerian actress. She was born on February 5,1968. She is also a film-maker, producer and director.

Scinax ictericus

The Madre de Dios snouted tree frog ("Scinax ictericus") is a frog. It lives in Peru, Brazil, and Bolivia. Scientists have seen it no more than 300 meters above sea level. It lives in places where the water flows into the River Purús and River Madre de Dios.

Akinpelu Oludele Adesola

Akinpelu Oludele Adesola who was born in November 1927. He was a Nigerian professor of surgery and the former vice chancellor of the university of Lagos.

Yemi Adesanya

Yemi Adesanya is a Nigerian writer, accountant and investor. She is the co-founder of "The Arts and Civics Tables(TACT)". Her first piece of poem is titled "Musings of a Tangled Tongue".

Sunday Adewusi

Sunday Adewusi (6 December 1936 – 26 January 2016) was a Nigerian policeman.

List of Guernsey Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Guernsey Twenty20 International cricketers.

Tupolev

Tupolev is a Russian company that works on aerospace and defense. It started off as the Tupolev Design Bureau in 1922. It was founded by Andrei Tupolev.

North American Aviation

North American Aviation (NAA) was an American aircraft manufacturer which built several important planes and spacecraft. 
It was founded in 1928 to buy airlines, but then was forced to give up its control of those airlines because of the Air Mail act of 1934. It then went into manufacturing. The first plane it built was the T-6 Texan. It also built the B-25 Mitchell, the P-51 Mustang, and the F-86 Sabre. It later became part of Boeing after a series of mergers.

North American B-25 Mitchell

The North American B-25 Mitchell was a US bomber aircraft that was put into service in 1941. It served in every theater of World War II and many remained in service afterward. It had many types with different purposes, such as the B-25H with more large-caliber guns, meant to be used on ground targets.

North American T-6 Texan

The North American Aviation T-6 Texan is an American training aircraft. 15,495 were built. They were sometimes used for artillery spotting, observation and coordinating other aircraft. In a few cases, they were even loaded with guns and bombs in order to serve against lightly armed Insurgents. Other times, it was used as a testbed for cockpit displays, with the pilot in the back seat having to fly based on only the new instruments being tested.

Nicolas Turquois

Nicolas Turquois (born 27 July 1972) is a French politician of the Democratic Movement (MoDem). He has been a member of the French National Assembly since the , representing the of Vienne.

Formerly a farmer and deputy mayor of Ouzilly-Vignolles, Turquois resigned from his post in 2006 after a fallout with the local president of the intermunicipal network, after which he joined the , which later became MoDem.

Turquois became a member of the French Commission on the in March 2019 . He has been serving as his parliamentary group's on the government's pension reform plans since 2020.

Irving Gerstein

Irving Russell Gerstein, (born February 10, 1941) is a Canadian businessman and politician. He was appointed to the Senate on January 2, 2009 and retired on February 10, 2016 upon getting to the retirement age of 75.The son of Bertrand and , Gerstein was made a member of the Order of Canada in 1999. In 2002, he was given the Order of Ontario award.
Gerstein is best known for his time as president of Peoples Jewellers. and by 1990, he lead the world’s largest jewelry retail empire.

He has served as a director of , Medical Facilities Corporation, Student Transportation of America, Economic Investment Trust, CTV Inc., Traders Group Limited, , Insurance, and Scott’s Hospitality. 

Gerstein is an honorary director of , where he previously served as chairman of the board, chairman emeritus and director and also a long-time political fundraiser for the Progressive Conservative Party and now the Conservative Party of Canada.

Gerstein received his BSc. in economics from the . He was appointed to the Senate on January 2, 2009 

However on February 23, 2011, Irving Gerstein was charged, along with Senator , with violations of the Canada Elections Act. Elections Canada alleged that Irving Gerstein was involved in a scheme and that was filing false tax claims and exceeding federal spending limits on campaign advertisements. If found guilty, Gerstein would have faced up to a year in prison and fines exceeding $25,000;the charges were dropped though after the Conservative party agreed to pay a $52,000 fine.

Francis Sumner Merritt

Francis "Fran" Sumner Merritt (1913–2000) was an American painter, teacher and arts administrator. Francis Sumner Merritt was born on April 8, 1913, in , . He had his education at the , the San Diego Academy of Fine Arts, the , and at .
Merritt lectured at , , and the (from 1947 to 1951). In 1950, the was founded in , Maine and Merritt served as the school's first director. His wife Pricilla worked on the arts administration for the school. For many years they lived at Centennial House, just outside the town of , Maine.

Merritt died on December 27, 2000, in , . His work is included in the museum collections at the , and the .

Scinax imbegue

Scinax imbegue is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it up to 700 meters above sea level. It lives in forests where the trees are not too close together.

The adult male frog is 25.6–35.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 28.8–38.0 mm long. This frog is dark brown in color with darker stripes. Sometimes it has two white stripes from each eye to its middle. Not all frogs have this white stripes. There is a dark brown mark between its eyes. Its belly and the place where the legs meet the body is lighter brown. It has disks on its toes for climbing. Not all frogs in this species have the same webbed skin on their feet. Some have more webbing and some have less.

The scientific name of this frog is from the Tupí-guarani language. "I mbegue" means "it is slow." This is for the frog's slow heart.

Szeming Sze

Szeming Sze (; April 5, 1908 – October 27, 1998) was a diplomat for China who helped build the World Health Organization into a specialized United Nations agency.

Sze was born in Tientsin (now Tianjin), People's Republic of China on the 5th of April, 1908. He was the eldest son of Dr. .

He was educated at and (1925 to 1928), and received degrees in chemistry and medicine. He interned in Britain, where at in a slum decided to do public service, before coming back to China in 1934.

He was in the United States when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941, and he joined the for the Chinese Government. Dr. Sze attended the San Francisco Conference that gave birth to the United Nations as an official of Chinese delegation and medical expert. He later on became his country's Ambassador to Great Britain and, later, the United States.

Dr. Sze became chief of specialized agencies for the Eco-nomic & Social Council of the United Nations. He was greatly disappointed when he was later offered a job at WHO that he couldn't take because of his U.N. commitments.

He became U.N. medical director in 1954, taking care of the permanent staff of about 3000, including inoculating them and preparing them for missions abroad. He held the position for 20 years.

In 1975, , Chief of Health Division during the , said of Dr Sze “...[he] was the member of the Chinese delegation. His father had been the Chinese Ambassador to England and the United States. And Szeming Sze was a very brilliant Chinese”.

In 1998, at the 51st World Health Assembly, the Norwegian Minister of Health, Mr , acknowledged Dr Szeming Sze as “one of the initiators of the WHO”. Mr Høybråten quoted Dr Sze as saying “Of course we can learn from history. We learn from the mistakes made if not from the successes. Learning the reasons why certain things happened often saves us from making the same mistakes again”.

Dr. Sze married to Bessie Li (), a pianist in 1934 and he is survived by a daughter, Diane Wei (); a son, architect Chia-ming Sze (); two sisters, Julia Sze-Bailey, and Alice Wang; five grandchildren, and fourteen great-grandchildren. Sze's granddaughter, (born 1969) won a MacArthur "genius grant" in 2003 for her work as an installation artist. His grandson, , is a managing partner at the venture capital firm .

Dr. Sze died on October 27, 1998 at Presbyterian Senior Care, at in suburban Pittsburgh at the age of 90.

Internet video

Internet video (online video / cloud-based video) are digital videos over the internet. 


Together Breakfast

"Together Breakfast" is the first episode of the first season of Steven Universe, and the first episode overall It first broadcast on November 4, 2013 Steven Universe american animated television series the two episodes of series premiere The episode was written by Joe Johnston and Jeff Liu and directed by Ki-Yong Bae, Young-Wha Yoon, & Seo-Whan Kim and Kevin Dart and Ian Jones-Quartey.
The episode begins first day of Beach City in the morning, where Steven looks for the Gems but discovers the house empty. Regardless, he decides to make breakfast and starts by stacking a tower of waffles. He continues preparing the meal by piling on numerous toppings — syrup, whipped cream, popcorn-completing the breakfast with a strawberry garnish on top. After several additional attempts to gather the Gems, Steven gives up, upset that he made a meal he calls "Together Breakfast" that he cannot share with the others.

Garnet suddenly warps into the room and Steven asks if she would like to have some of his Together Breakfast. She declines because she has to go into the Crystal Temple to burn something. She shows him a scroll with strange patterns and voices emanating from it. Intrigued by it, Steven takes a picture with his phone but Garnet quickly snatches it from him, saying she now has to burn that too and goes into the Temple. Steven tries to open the temple door with his gem. He is unable to and dejectedly goes back to the table. Suddenly, the front door of the Beach House opens. A shape shifted Amethyst as a policeman called the "dumb police" starts yelling that he is dumb. She then squirts a water gun at the Together Breakfast and Steven quickly jumps in front to save it, getting drenched in the process. Steven tells Amethyst that he knew of her disguise the entire time. He puts on a new shirt which Amethyst squirts with her water gun again.

Pearl comes out of the Temple using Amethyst's door and is mad at her for taking one of her swords. Amethyst claims she did not, but rushes back in after Pearl mentions that she cleaned her room. Steven asks if they would like to have his Together Breakfast with him, but they both had gone back inside. Steven quickly follows Pearl through her door without her noticing. He sees Pearl on top of her waterfall dancing with her sword collection and putting everything back in place. When Steven calls out to her, she gets mad at him for being in the Temple, but Steven ignores her and tries to swim over. Pearl warns him to stop, but Steven accidentally swims toward a long waterfall and falls over the edge.

Pearl comes out of the Temple using Amethyst's door and is mad at her for taking one of her swords. Amethyst claims she did not, but rushes back in after Pearl mentions that she cleaned her room. Steven asks if they would like to have his Together Breakfast with him, but they both had gone back inside. Steven quickly follows Pearl through her door without her noticing. He sees Pearl on top of her waterfall dancing with her sword collection and putting everything back in place. When Steven calls out to her, she gets mad at him for being in the Temple, but Steven ignores her and tries to swim over. Pearl warns him to stop, but Steven accidentally swims toward a long waterfall and falls over the edge.

Steven lands in Amethyst's room with the breakfast still intact. Amethyst notices him and complains that Pearl always accuses her of taking her things, but in reality, they always fall down the waterfall into Amethyst's room. She then proceeds to mess up her room again to her standards. Steven says that it still looks pretty messy, which pleases her. Then she notices Steven's breakfast and she insists on eating it. Steven starts running, telling her that it is for everyone, but she still chases him through the Temple.

Steven eventually jumps onto a red glowing pole. Pearl comes in and starts panicking because he is on the Crystal Heart, a glass heart that is connected to the most dangerous areas of the Temple. She tells him to hold still and to not look down but Steven does so and panics, falling down into the depths of the Temple. He eventually slides to a stop above the Burning Room. Then he sees Garnet standing by a pool of lava where she breaks his phone and tosses it in. She begins burning the scroll when the other Gems arrive, whispering to Steven that they should leave. Instead, excited that they are all finally in the same room, he calls out to Garnet, distracting her. The Smoke Monster escapes from the scroll and expands into a large dark cloud.

The Crystal Gems attack the cloud, trying to force it back. The monster rushes at Steven and takes refuge in the Together Breakfast. The breakfast mutates, growing larger, and attacks the Gems. Utilizing the powers of a breakfast, it breaks Pearl's spear and traps her with syrup and whipped cream. It then squashes Garnet and Amethyst with a waffle. It rushes at Steven, but he is able to lift and force the Together Breakfast into the lava pool.

The others walk over to Steven and he apologizes, saying that all he wanted was to have breakfast with them. Later, Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl help Steven make another Together Breakfast which is bigger and better so they can all share it. They finish it and get ready to eat it, but then they realize that they do not have the appetite to eat it as a result of the morning's events, so they decide to order a pizza. Garnet remarks that "It did try to kill us" as the iris closes on her.

The Custom Mary

The Custom Mary is a 2011 American drama film written and directed by . 

The film features one of the last performances of the late .

Music by the Mexican indie band, , appears throughout the film.


On TheEspresso.com: "The Custom Mary is a welcome expanding of vision and a modern parable worthy of your time."

John Richard Smoak Jr.

John Richard Smoak Jr. (May 11, 1943 – May 2, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida from 2005 until his death. Smoak Jr. was nominated to the court by President George W. Bush. He was born in Columbus, Georgia. 

Smoak Jr. died on May 2, 2022 at his home in Panama City, Florida, nine days before his 79th birthday.

Gennaro Cannavacciuolo

Gennaro Cannavacciuolo (14 February 1962 – 24 May 2022) was an Italian actor, singer, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Un'estate al mare" and "La vita è una cosa meravigliosa". Cannavacciuolo was born in Pozzuoli, Italy.

Cannavacciuolo died on 24 May 2022 from a heart attack in Rome, Italy at the age of 60.

Angus Macfadyen

Angus Macfadyen (born 21 September 1963) is a Scottish actor. His roles include Robert the Bruce, both in "Braveheart" and "Robert the Bruce", Jeff Denlon in the "Saw" franchise, McCreedy in Cameron Crowe's "We Bought a Zoo," and biologist James Murray in "The Lost City of Z".

Lívia Gyarmathy

Lívia Gyarmathy (8 January 1932 – 25 May 2022) was a Hungarian movie director and screenwriter. She has directed over 20 movies from 1962 until her death. She was a member of the jury at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. Gyarmathy directed the documentary "" and the movie "Escape from Recsk". She was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Gyarmathy died on 25 May 2022 in Budapest, aged 90.

Thomas S. Murphy

Thomas Sawyer Murphy (May 31, 1925 – May 25, 2022) was an American broadcast executive. He was chair and chief executive officer of Capital Cities / ABC, Inc. until 1996. He co-bought American Broadcasting Company in 1986 for $3.5 billion. Murphy was born in New York City.

Murphy died on May 25, 2022 at his home in Rye, New York six days before his 97th birthday.

Luis Guillermo Eichhorn

Luis Guillermo Eichhorn (26 June 1942 – 25 May 2022) was an Argentine Roman Catholic bishop. Eichhorn was born in Gilbert, Entre Ríos, Argentina. He became a priest in 1968. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gualeguaychú, Argentina, from 1996 to 2004 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Morón, Argentina from 2004 until his retirement in 2017. Eichhorn was born in Gilbert, Argentina.

Eichhorn died on 25 May 2022 in Gualeguaychú, Argentina from cardiac arrest at the age of 79.

Werner Israel

Werner Israel, (October 4, 1931 – May 18, 2022) was a German-born South African-Canadian physicist, author, researcher, and professor. He taught at the University of Victoria. He was known for his studies of black holes. Israel first stated the No-hair theorem. In 1994, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.

Israel died on May 18, 2022 in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 90.

Wies van Dongen

Wies van Dongen (30 July 1931 – 25 May 2022) was a Dutch professional racing cyclist. He rode in two tournaments of the Tour de France. Dongen was born in Breda, Netherlands.

Dongen died on 25 May 2022, aged 90.

Nusco

Nusco (Irpino: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino (Campania region) in the south of Italy, east of Naples. About 4,100 people lived here. It is near the mountains between the valleys of the Calore Irpino and Ofanto Rivers.

Yasin Malik

Yasin Malik (born 1966) is a Kashmiri separatist leader and former militant. He supports the separation of Kashmir from both India and Pakistan. He is the Chairman of Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front. Malik did not support violent actions in 1994 and wanted more peaceful methods in the Kashmir conflict. 

In May 2022, Malik said that he was guilty of criminal conspiracy and causing war against the state, and was sentenced to life imprisonment.

North Park Elementary School shooting

On April 10, 2017, a shooting occurred inside a special education classroom at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, California. The shooting was an apparent murder-suicide and an act of domestic violence. Three people—the gunman; his wife, who taught at the school; and a student standing behind her—died from their wounds. Another student was wounded and hospitalized.

Hoo Peninsula

The Hoo Peninsula is a peninsula in Kent, England. It separates the estuaries of the Thames and Medway. 

The peninsula has a line of chalk, clay and sand hills, surrounded by a big area of marshland. 

"Hoo" is a Saxon word believed to mean 'spur of land'. Hoo features in the Domesday Book. The peninsula is home to protected wildlife sites. It also has industrial facilities and energy industries.

The mud around the Hoo Peninsula and the neighbouring Isle of Sheppey is mud from the end-Palaeocene and Eocene with plenty of bird remains.

Barry Sheerman

Barry John Sheerman (born 17 August 1940) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Huddersfield, previously Huddersfield East, since 1979. He is also Labour's longest continuously serving MP in the current parliament.

On 5 December 2021, Sheerman announced his plans to not run for re-election at the next election; at the time of the announcement he was the longest-serving Labour MP.

Josh Frydenberg

Joshua Anthony Frydenberg () (born 17 July 1971) is an Australian former politician. He was the Treasurer of Australia from 2018 to 2022. He is the deputy leader of the Liberal Party since 2018 and was the Member of Parliament for Kooyong from 2010 to 2022.

He also worked for Deutsche Bank until his election to Parliament in 2010. On 24 August 2018, he was elected Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party.

In February 2022, a Roy Morgan poll showed he was the front runner to be Morrison's potential replacement as leader of the Liberal Party among voters. However, at the 2022 election, Frydenberg lost his seat to the teal independent candidate Monique Ryan.

Rose's Room (Steven Universe)

'"Rose's Room"' is the 38th episode of the first season of Steven Universe, and the 38th episode overall It first broadcast on January 22, 2015 mid-season finale on Cartoon Network the after Adventure Time episode Astral Plane and followed by Uncle Grandpa episode Uncle Grandpa at the Movies second season.

The episode was step into Beach City ends to episode
The episode begins with Steven finishing off a can of creamed corn. The Gems walk in from the temple door, and Steven excitedly tells them that he has eaten four cans of creamed corn due to there being a five dollar coupon for mini-golf because he wants to go with them. Unfortunately, the Gems have to leave on a mission and cannot hang out with Steven.
He decides to play Golf Quest Mini to pass the time and ends up beating the final boss. Just as the Gems return from their mission, Steven reaches a secret ending cutscene in the game. The Gems unintentionally distract Steven while he is watching the video (Amethyst blocking his view, Garnet showing him an ancient object they found called the Wailing Stone, and Pearl explaining what it does).

Amethyst presses the button on the Wailing Stone which produces a deafening sound wave and causes Steven's TV to break. Pearl deactivates it and then proceeds to scold Amethyst, but Amethyst claims that Steven loved the Wailing Stone.

As they yell, Steven vents his frustration of not being able to control anything in his life (not getting to play his mini-golf game, not seeing the secret ending, not being able to stop going to the bathroom after eating all the cans of creamed corn). Steven then says that he wishes for a place just for himself; at this, his gem glows and activates the door to his mother's room.

The Gems tell him not to go inside, but he runs in yelling at them about never wanting to do what he wants and claims that he has a place where he is going and that the Gems were not allowed to come. The door to the room seals and disappears, locking the Gems out. Steven then proceeds to explore his mother's room. When he notes the lack of a bed, one appears out of nowhere. He realizes the room could give him anything he asks for, after asking for a quadruple bunk-bed with a slide and a tiny floating whale. Steven then asks to watch the secret ending of his game without being interrupted.

After he watches the ending again, he starts to feel hungry. The room then gives him a doughnut, but it disappears into a cloud when he tries to bite it. He then asks for a real doughnut, but it disappears again. Wanting an actual doughnut, he walks out of the room to get food, but when he exits the room, the Gems are not around.

When he steps out into Beach City, he sees it's night and hardly anyone is on the streets. At the Big Donut, he finds Lars and Sadie standing side by side smiling and staring at him creepily. The two are unnaturally still and unresponsive. When they do talk, they speak stilted dialogue in unison. Steven asks for one doughnut but is given a bag of three. Lars and Sadie then slide away toward the back of the store, Steven gives chase and exits the Big Donut through the back door and sees Sadie and Lars have disappeared, he finds Onion standing under a streetlight. He offers him a doughnut, but Onion only moves his eyes. Steven puts it on top of his hair and departs.

Steven walks down the boardwalk wondering where everyone is. He passes Beach Citywalk Fries, does a double-take, and sees Frybo in the window, who offers him fries. Steven, assuming that it is Peedee, attempts to talk to him, but Frybo keeps putting fries through each other in exactly the same spot, as if on a loop. Steven gets spooked and leaves to look around some more.

He walks around Beach City Funland, passing the rides, and stopping in front of the arcade. Meat Beat Mania instantly turns on, which shocks Steven. He runs towards the beach and sees Connie looking out at the ocean. He's surprised to see her because she's supposed to be out of town. He looks down and sees that the water seems to be looping (only barely touching her boots) and asks her what's happening. Connie turns around and is stuck on a repeat of saying "He was incredible!" exactly the way she said it in "Bubble Buddies". Steven turns around and sees all the citizens of Beach City, with their faces drastically simplified. Steven again runs away, but not before seeing Lion, not moving, also with a changed face.

The ground turns into water and he falls through, ending up at his dad's car wash. Mr. Universe comes outside and Steven is relieved to see someone acting like their usual self. Everything finally seems normal again as Steven shares doughnuts with his dad and explains how he is sorry that he yelled at the Gems and is just feeling left behind. Greg comforts Steven with some words of wisdom. However, when Steven wonders about the current state of Beach City, Greg starts reciting ill-suited platitudes. Steven realizes something is still wrong. He tries to bite into the doughnut, but it disappears. He then comes to the conclusion that he has been in the room this whole time.

Upon his realization, Beach City and everything in it starts disappearing in large chunks. He runs up the cliff overlooking the town but falls into oblivion as everything disappears, where Steven whimpers that he does not want this. The Tiny Floating whale reappears and asks him what he does want in a serene voice, to which he concludes that he wants to be back with the Gems.

Steven finally falls out of the room and lands on Garnet back in the house. Steven tests if it's really her by chomping on her forearm. Garnet responds with "ow", and Amethyst joyously follows with chomping on Pearl's arm who shrieks in pain. Steven recounts that the room tried to recreate a whole town to the astounded Gems. Pearl states that this is beyond its capability, and expresses relief for Steven's well being. Steven apologizes for snapping at them earlier, revealing that he now understands that he can't get everything he wants all the time. The Gems apologize as well, but the four of them go mini-golfing with their newly acquired free time (Garnet even wears Greg's golf pants.) The episode ends with Steven exclaiming he "always gets what he wants", before the usual cut to black.
"Rose's Room" The Episodes was written and storyboarded by Ian Maxtone-Graham and Ian Jones-Quartey & Joe Johnston and Jeff Liu and directed by Steven Dean Moore and Ian Jones-Quartey animation producer from Film Roman

Athénée Adolphe Max

Athénée Adolphe Max is a secondary school of the City of Brussels which is part of the official education network. It is located to the east of the center of Brussels, near the Squares district .

A first building was designed in 1904 by the architect Edmond De Vigne . In 1909 two secular schools were created. A first Carter high school for girls, later named Carter in homage to the first director, and an athenaeum for boys, later named Athénée Adolphe Max after the famous mayor of Brussels Adolphe Max. In 1978, the two secondary schools merged into a single athénée and adopted the name Athénée Adolphe Max in 1990.

The Adolphe Max Athenaeum is a school based on the promotion of effort in a respectful setting. The objective of the athénée is to transmit quality training to develop their intellectual and moral skills so that they have the level to approach higher education successfully. 

The school has two courtyards :


The establishment has a parents association (APMAX) and a very active Amnesty school group.


Bruno Campos

Bruno Aarón Campos (born December 3, 1973) is a Brazilian-American lawyer and former actor, best known for his roles as Dr. Quentin Costa on the award-winning television series "Nip/Tuck", the voice of Prince Naveen in the Disney animated movie "The Princess and the Frog", various characters on the FOX animated television series "The Simpsons" and Massimo in the Academy Award-nominated Brazilian movie "O Quatrilho". In 2010, Campos attended law school, earning a Juris Doctor in 2013, and currently works for the firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius.

&quot;No Way to Prevent This&quot;, Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens

"No Way to Prevent This', Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens" is the title of many articles published by the American news satire organization "The Onion" about the large amounts of mass shootings in the United States and how not a lot is done in the aftermath of these mass shootings.
Each article is about 200 words long, and talks about a different shooting. The article talks about the location of the shooting and the number of victims, but usually remains the same as to other articles. 

A fictional resident, usually of a state in which the shooting did not take place, is quoted as to have said "a terrible tragedy", but "there's nothing anyone can do to stop them". 

These articles end by saying that the United States is the "only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years" and that many Americans feel helpless as they have gotten used to the mass shootings.

Andy Fletcher (musician)

Andrew John Leonard Fletcher (8 July 1961 – 26 May 2022), sometimes known as Fletch, was an English keyboard player, DJ, and a founding member of the electronic band Depeche Mode. In 2020, Fletcher was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Fletcher's death was announced on 26 May 2022. He was aged 60.

Jeepers Creepers (2001 movie)

Jeepers Creepers is a horror movie which also had sequels.

It was directed by Victor Salva with Gina Phillips and Justin Long. It made 59 plus million at box office. Jonathan Breck played the creeper.

Robert David Bennett

Robert David Bennett (12 September 1875 - 26 September 1932) was an Australian criminal and sex offender. He was convicted of the rape of a young girl in Western Australia in 1911 and, despite receiving a life sentence for the crime, he was released in June 1914 under controversial circumstances.

He would later be hanged at Pentridge Gaol on 26 September 1932, being the first execution there, he had first arrived in Australia on 4 June 1886.

His criminal career began when he was sentenced to life in 1911 for rape, but released only six years later. He then went in for armed robbery with an accomplice, Angus Murray, got caught, and was sentenced to 15 years.

The two men escaped from jail in 1923. Murray got clean away, committed a murder during a bank robbery, and was hanged in 1924. Bennett was quickly caught and made to serve his full sentence. Within days of his release he raped a four-year-old girl, for which he earned the dubious distinction of becoming the last man executed for rape in Australia.

St Asaph

St Asaph is the second smallest settlement in the United Kingdom to officially be considered a city. This city in Wales dates to the 9th century when a monastery was built.

Illegal settlement

An illegal settlement or informal settlement is a group of shelters, often tents or shacks constructed without the permission of the local, state/provincial or national government. A tent city is an example of an illegal settlement, as are shanty towns.

Shack

A shack is a makeshift and often rundown building often made of wood or corrugated metal. Shacks seldomly have electricity or plumbing and are typically used either for cheap (often illegal) housing for those too poor to afford anything better, as outbuildings (like storage sheds) or as an alternative to tents when camping.

Outbuilding

An outbuilding is an accessory structure located on the same land lot as a main house or other main building. These include workshops, storage sheds, outhouses and detached garages. The definition may also include accessory dwelling units, although, not always.

Settlement (litigation)

In the legal field, a settlement is an agreement, often to pay for injury or damage, that is reached out of court.

Damage

In English, the word damage has different, but related meanings:


Workshop

A workshop is a building or section of a building for making and repairing certain products, such as automobiles. A workshop can be in a basement, garret/attic, garage etc.

Garret

A garret is a finished, habitable attic. A gambrel roof or mansard roof is best suited to attic habitability. A garret can be an apartment, game room, etc and traditionally would have primarily held the domestic servants rooms.

Gambrel

A gambrel roof is a pitched roof with two slopes. A steeper slope at the lower part capped with a shallow upper slope.

Pitched roof

A pitched roof is a type of roof that slopes on two sides.

Mansard roof

A mansard roof is a hipped roof which has a steep lower slope capped with a shallow upper slope on each side. The "mansard" comes from the French architect Francois Mansart.

Hipped roof

A hipped roof slopes on all sides of the building, thus assuming a pyramidal shape.

Settlement (finance)

In finance, a settlement is the final payment for something before the buyer can assume full ownership of said item.

Corrugated metal

Corrugated metal is typically iron or steel in sheets with "wavy" grooves on it. Corrugated metal is often used as a building material.

Rural settlement

A rural settlement can be a hamlet, village or large farms (such as ranches and plantations).

Closing (real estate)

In real estate settlement refers to the closing that happens when an individual or organization gains possession of a piece of real property.

Settlement (structural)

Structural settlement refers to the disruption or distortion of a building or bridge due to things like


Or 


Ocean colony

An ocean colony is a currently theoretical human settlement on or below the surface of Earth's oceans. A seastead is one example, as is an underwater city.

Fallout shelter

A fallout shelter is a bunker for protection from the fallout of nuclear weapons.

Bomb shelter

A bomb shelter protects against the initial blast and fallout from nuclear weapons.

Support group

A support group or support system is a group of people who do therapy for mental illness, tragedy, etc. Support groups are usually started by people, groups, or doctors who want to help.

Residential institution

A residential institution is a home for people who can't live by themselves or in an ordinary roommate situation due to severe disability, age (below the age of majority if parents or guardians aren't present) because they committed a crime and thus must be put in prison, extreme poverty etc.

Examples of residential institutions include


Enclosure

Enclosure or enclosed may refer to:


Federal Housing Administration

The Federal Housing Administration (abbreviated as FHA) is a United States Federal government agency, the FHA provides subsidized mortgages for select people on low-incomes.

Carlos Miguel Coronel

Carlos Miguel Coronel (born 29 December 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Major League Soccer club New York Red Bulls.

He was born in Porto Murtinho, Brazil. Carlos Coronel started his career in the youth of Red Bull Brasil. Then he went on as second goalkeeper for the first team but did not play.

In the summer of 2015 he moved to Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg. There he was loaned to FC Liefering playing in 2. Liga. He made his debut for Liefering in July 2015 when he was in the starting team against SKN St. Pölten. 
In May 2018 he made his debut for Salzburg in the Bundesliga against FK Austria Wien. He also played for FC Liefering during the 2017-18 season. 
On 24 January 2019 he went on loan toMajor League Soccer club Philadelphia Union. He played 4 league matches and 8 matches with the second team Bethlehem Steel FC. In July 2019 he came back to Salzburg.

After Cican Stankovic was injured and substitute goalkeeper Alexander Walke had been injured for a long time he made his UEFA Champions League debut on 23 October 2019 against SSC Napoli in a 2-3 loss. On 6 November 2019 he played in the 1-1 versus Napoli and played very well. He ended the 2019-20 season playing five times in the Bundesliga, one in the ÖFB-Cup and three in the Champions League. Salzburg won the cup and league double that season.

On 26 February 2021 he went on loan to New York Red Bulls. On 17 April 2021 he debuted for New York versus Sporting Kansas City. Coronel ended his first season with New York appearing in 34 league matches and recording 13 clean sheets. 

On 6 December 2021 he went from Red Bull Salzburg to New York signing a three year contract with the club.

Mühlheim am Main

Mühlheim am Main is a town in Offenbach in Hesse, Germany. About 28,500 people live there.

It is on the left bank of the river Main.

Ziesar

Ziesar is a town in Potsdam-Mittelmark in Brandenburg, Germany.

Avellaneda

Avellaneda is a city in the Buenos Aires Province in Argentina. In 2010, 342,677 people lived there. It is south of Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina.

AR-15 style rifle

An AR-15 style rifle is any light semi-automatic rifle inspired by the Colt AR-15 design. The "AR" in AR-15 stands for "ArmaLite Rifle", not "assault rifle".

The Federal Assault Weapons Ban made it harder for the sale of the Colt AR-15 and some versions of them in the United States from 1994 to 2004, although it did not affect rifles with fewer listed features.

Antonio Salazar (footballer)

Antonio Salazar Castillo (7 February 1989 – 8 May 2022) was a Mexican professional footballer. He last played as striker for Cimarrones de Sonora in Ascenso MX in 2015. His career began in 2007.

Salazar was found burned and dead on 8 May 2022 inside of a trunk of a car in Tonalá, Jalisco, Mexico at the age of 33.

Dick Conway (rugby union)

Richard James Conway (22 April 1935 – 25 May 2022), also known as Red Conway, was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the New Zealand national team, the All Blacks, between 1959 and 1965. 

Conway began playing professionally for the first time with Otago in 1957. He went on to play 72 games for Bay of Plenty from 1962 to 1968, and was captain of the team.

Conway began playing for the All Blacks in 1959.

In 1960, he had a finger amputated so he could take part in a tour of Australia and South Africa. This was because he always kept injuring his finger while playing. He broke his finger before the Australia-South Africa tour began and his doctor said if he wanted to keep playing rugby, he would have to amputate it or otherwise it would keep breaking.

Conway worked as a carpenter, and he coached rugby during the 1970s. 

Conway was born in Whakatāne, New Zealand on 22 April 1935. He studied at Whakatane High School. Conway died in Whakatāne on 25 May 2022 at the age of 87.

Enyu Todorov

Enyu Dinev Todorov (; 22 February 1943 – 26 May 2022) was a Bulgarian featherweight freestyle wrestler.
He won a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He also won the European title in 1969 and in 1970. Todorov was born in Stara Zagora, Bulgaria.

Todorov died on 26 May 2022 in Sofia, Bulgaria at the age of 79.

Real mode

Real mode is an operating mode for x86 processors. It originated with the Intel 8086. Real mode uses a 20-bit segmented memory address space. This means that real mode can access up to 1,048,576 bytes of memory.

List of Ghana Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Ghanaian Twenty20 International cricketers.

List of Jersey Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Jersey Twenty20 International cricketers.

List of Norway Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Norwegian Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 1 May 2021."

Duck test

The duck test is a type of test that determines whether an unknown thing acts like another thing. More specifically, this test is a form of abductive reasoning, a type of strategy that aims to simplify a conclusion. The duck test is usually written in this expression:

If an unknown subject looks like something that is very similar to a familiar thing, then that unknown subject is concluded to be that familiar thing. In the above example, an unknown subject who swims like a duck and quacks like a duck likely "is" a duck. The duck test can be used to identify similar cases.

The duck test can be used to identify an unknown subject by observing the common habits of that subject. Sometimes, the duck test can be used to prove that the subject is actually not what what it appears to be.

Dogfight (movie)

Dogfight is a 1991 American Vietnam War comedy-drama movie directed by Nancy Savoca and starring River Phoenix, Lili Taylor, Brendan Fraser, E.G. Daily, Mitchell Whitfield, Holly Near. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Thomas Curnow

Thomas Curnow (1855 - early December 1922) was primarily involved in assisting the capture of Ned Kelly, which ended with Kelly being hanged on 11 November 1880, Curnow was a schoolteacher.

He had alerted authorities about Ned's movements near Glenrowan, which led to his final stand (see Siege of Glenrowan)

Sling Blade

Sling Blade is a 1996 American psychological drama movie directed by Billy Bob Thornton (who also stars) and was based on the 1994 short movie "Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade" by Billy Bob Thornton. It also stars Dwight Yoakam, Robert Duvall, J. T. Walsh, John Ritter, Natalie Canerday, Jim Jarmusch, Mickey Jones and was distributed by Miramax Films. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1997.


Jerilderie Letter

The handwritten document known as the Jerilderie Letter was dictated by Australian bushranger Ned Kelly to fellow Kelly Gang member Joe Byrne in 1879. It is one of only two original Kelly letters known to have survived.

It contained 56 pages and defended the Kelly Gang's actions due to police brutality against their family.

List of Denmark Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Danish Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 8 May 2022."

Scinax karenanneae

The Vaupes tree frog ("Scinax karenanneae") is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place: a rainforest in Vaupés in Colombia.

Scinax tymbamirim

Scinax tymbamirim is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 20.6 to 27.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 22.3 to 31.2 mm long.

This frog is brown or orange-brown in color. It has white stripes on its sides, but the stripes are not all one piece. There is a five-sided mark between its eyes. There is yellow color around the mark. There are dark brown stripes across all four legs. Its belly is light brown. This frog has vomerine teeth in its jaw. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog lives on hills 1000 meters high all the way down to sea level lowlands.

The scientific name of this frog comes from the Tupí-guarani language. "Tymba" means "animal" and "mirim" means "small." The scientists named this frog "small animal" because it is smaller that "Scinax alter".

David Holt (voice actor)

David Holt is an English voice actor and writer.

Löwchen

The Löwchen or Petit Chien Lion, is a small toy dog. It dates back to the 1500s. It has been a very popular breed among the European aristocracy for centuries. Later, its popularity decreased. Around 1960 it was considered one of the rarest varieties in the world. In recent years, this sensible, good-natured animal has become more popular again. Height at the withers is . It weighs from . Its long, silky coat is traditionally trimmed to a lion’s shape, which makes it easy to distinguish it from other types of Bichon. At the end of the bare tail, a small tassel is left to make it look more like a lion. All colors are allowed.

Free-living

Free-living may refer to:

Wagner Group

The Wagner Group (Russian: Группа Вагнера, "Gruppa Vagnera"), officially PMC Wagner (Russian: ЧВК «Вагнер», "ChVK «Vagner»"), is a Russian paramilitary, mercenary group, and private military company founded in 2014 by the late Dmitry Utkin and Yevgeny Prigozhin. The group is well known for its alleged involvement in war crimes and neo-Nazism. It usually fights on the side of the Russian government and is sometimes considered Vladimir Putin's private militia, although it rebelled against the Russian government briefly in 2023. The group is currently led by Pavel Prigozhin.

The Wagner Group came to prominence during the War in Donbas and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, especially in the Battle of Bakhmut. It previously helped separatist forces of the self-declared Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics from 2014 to 2015. Its contractors have taken part in various conflicts around the world—including the civil wars in Syria (on behalf of the Syrian Armed Forces), Libya (on behalf of the Libyan National Army), the Central African Republic (on behalf of the Central African Armed Forces), Mali (on behalf of the Malian Armed Forces), and Sudan (on behalf of the Rapid Support Forces). Additional activities have been reported, though unconfirmed, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (on behalf of the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo). It usually fights on the side of forces aligned with the Russian government.

In 2023, the Wagner Group launched a rebellion against the Russian Ministry of Defense. The leader of the company, Yevgeny Prigozhin, claimed that the Russian Armed Forces had attacked his forces and that Wagner was going to unleash revenge upon the Russian government. This was followed by a battle in Rostov-on-Don. The rebellion ended after Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko negotiated a peace deal.

Following the rebellion, Wagner was "de jure" dissolved in Russia and many of its fighters were forced to sign contracts with the Ministry of Defense. The "de facto" remnants of the group relocated to Belarus and set up new bases just north of the border with Ukraine. Not long afterwards, the 2023 Niger coup d'état allowed a military junta to seize power in Niger. The new government allowed Wagner to establish a presence. A month later, Prigozhin and Utkin were presumed dead in the 2023 Tver plane crash.

After Prigozhin's death, his son Pavel Prigozhin became the new leader of the group. Wagner forces began returning to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, although many of the group's previous activities in Ukraine had been mostly taken over by Redut. Wagner also joined the 2023 Israel–Hamas war on the side of Hezbollah.

The Wagner Group started in 2014 when Russia took over Crimea. Until 2022, it wasn't clear who started and ran the group. Dmitry Utkin and Yevgeny Prigozhin were both named as founders and leaders. During Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Prigozhin said he started Wagner and was its head. Some sources say Prigozhin paid for it, while Utkin led its military side.

People talked a lot about Prigozhin being connected to Wagner and Utkin. He was called "Putin's chef" because he cooked for Putin. He was thought to give the most money and really own Wagner. He said he wasn't connected to Wagner and even sued some news sources for saying he was. In 2022, he said he started the group and called it the Wagner Battalion. He became the face of Wagner, but he wasn't in the military, so Utkin actually led the fighting.

Utkin was in the Russian military before Wagner. He was a commander in special forces and fought in wars. Many say he founded Wagner and led it at first. Some say he named the group after his fake name "Wagner." The European Union put sanctions on Wagner and said Utkin was the leader. He was in charge of the fighting part, while Prigozhin owned it.

Pikalov was in charge of Wagner's work in Africa in 2019. He was in a special military unit in Russia before. After he retired, he ran a detective agency. He helped suppress opponents of a Russian-backed leader. He traveled near Ukraine a lot and was part of military actions there and in Syria.




Suppression

Suppression is the restraint or repression of an idea, activity, or reaction by something more powerful, and the conscious inhibition of unacceptable memories, impulses, or desires.

It may also refer to:



Repression

Repression is the action of subduing someone or something by force. It's also a restraint, prevention, or inhibition of a feeling, or a quality; the action or process of suppressing a thought or desire in oneself so that it remains unconscious.


Dominique Brun

Dominique Maaoui-Brun (born 7 May 1964) is a French judoka in the -52 kg category, and local politician. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, winning the silver medal, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-lightweight event. 

At the 1987 World Judo Championships she became world champion, and in 1986 she won the silver medal. At the European Judo Championships she became European Champion in 1986 and 1987, won the silver medal in 1989 and the bronze medal in 1988. At national championships she became three times national champion and won two bronze medals.

After her career, she joined the French Judo Federation to coach the French junior team, training athletes including Séverine Vandenhende, 2000 Olympic champion.

She returned to Périgord and worked as a sports teacher. She became a politician, becoming deputy mayor of Mareuil-sur-Belle in 2010, and appeared on the candidate list of the Socialist Party of Alain Rousset in the 2010 Aquitaine regional elections.

Khadija Haouati

Khadija Haouati (خديجة الحوات ; born 5 March 1965) is a Moroccan judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-lightweight event. In the quarter finals she was beaten by French Dominique Brun and in the repechages against Japanese Kaori Yamaguchi. 

At the she won the bronze medal in the -56 kg category. She competed at the 2019 World Championships Veterans.

Alireza Najafzadeh

Alireza Najafzadeh is an Iranian actor and director.

He began his professional career as a narrator in the movies (Barshan Footprint) and (Bicycle Run). He entered the Iranian cinema in 1990 with a short role in the movie (Glass Eyes).

The films and serials in which he has acted as an actor are: films (online murder), (waiting), (Companions of the Cave), (Yassin Castle), (Capital 4) and serials ( Hot breath) can be named.

In addition to acting, he has appeared in several films as an assistant, programmer, and director. Among the movies and series in which he has directed can be movies He has acted as a director in films (Bipnah), (Rafiq Fabrik) and serials (Butimar), (Couple or Individual), and (Khoshnam).

Alireza Najafzadeh is the Vice President of the Iranian Cinema House and the Chairman of the Welfare Committee of the Iranian Cinema House.


Kingdom of Montenegro

The Kingdom of Montenegro () was a monarchy in southeastern Europe, present-day Montenegro.

It existed during the tumultuous period of time on the Balkan Peninsula leading up to and during World War I. Officially it was a constitutional monarchy, but absolutist in practice.

On 28 November 1918, following the end of World War I, with the Montenegrin government still in exile, the Podgorica Assembly proclaimed unification with the Kingdom of Serbia, which itself was merged into the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes three days later, on 1 December 1918. This unification with Serbia would last, through various successor states, for almost 88 years, until finally coming to an end in 2006 as Serbia and Montenegro during the aftermath of the Yugoslav Wars .

The Onedin Line

The Onedin Line was a drama TV show about a family who runs a shipping company in the late 19th century. It was on the BBC from 1971 to 1980 for 8 seasons and 91 episodes. It starred Peter Gilmore playing the title character.


Thomas Pierrepoint

Thomas Pierrepoint (1870 - 11 February 1954) was an English hangman, the brother of Henry Pierrepoint and the uncle of Albert Pierrepoint.

The Free Dictionary

The Free Dictionary is a website that puts a lot of information together from different places, like dictionaries and even Wikipedia. It is run by a company called Farlex in Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania. 

Farlex also runs The Free Library, which has old classic books and periodicals like newspapers and magazines.

Tetrafluoroethylene

Tetrafluoroethylene (TFE) is a fluorocarbon. It has the chemical formula CF

It is used to make things like Teflon, but it could cause cancer. 

Asexual Visibility and Education Network

Asexual Visibility and Education Network (AVEN) is a network to inform and make asexuality visible.

AVEN was founded by in 2001. While studying at Wesleyan University in Connecticut, he came out as asexual and launched the AVEN website. Referred to by Salon.com as the "unofficial online headquarters" of the asexual movement, AVEN is recognized as the largest asexual community online. The main goal of the site is to create general acceptance and discussion of asexuality, as well as to facilitate the growth of a large asexual society online. AVEN had more than 32,000 registered members in 2011 and 143,000 in 2022.

Parentification

Parentification occurs when a child in a family has to take on the role of an adult. This usually happens when one or both of the parents are unable to take care of themselves because of a disability, so the child becomes their caregiver. It could also be due to the child having to care for younger siblings, or disabled siblings, while their parents are at work.

In some situations where there is abuse in the family, a child might also become the emotional caregiver of a parent, supporting them through traumatic incidents and even protecting them. 

Parentification is very damaging for a child, who ends up missing out on having a childhood.

Hypervigilance

Hypervigilance is a state of heightened awareness, vigilance, and paranoia. It may be caused by trauma, anxiety, or other mental health conditions. People who are hypervigilant may be constantly on the lookout for threats, real or imagined. This can lead to feelings of anxiety, paranoia, and distress.
The symptoms of hypervigilance include:


People with hypervigilance may be constantly scanning their environment for potential threats. This can lead to feelings of paranoia and anxiety. Hypervigilance can also cause problems with concentration and focus. People who are hypervigilant may also have difficulty sleeping and may be easily fatigued.

Jos Buttler

Joseph Charles Buttler, mostly knows as Jos Buttler, is an English international cricketer. He nationally plays for England cricket team and currently is been vice-captain of it. He is a right-handed wicket-keeper-batsman and considered as one of the best batsmen in the world by many.

Quranic studies

Quranic studies is the study of the Quran. The Quran is the holy book of Islam.

Coco Gauff

Cori "Coco" Gauff (born March 13, 2004) is an American professional tennis player.


Plectocephalus formosus

Plectocephalus formosus is a thistle erected by Ravenna as a Centaurea (i.e. C formosa Ravenna)
P formosus (Ravenna) Penneck. and Gl.Rojas

Terminator: Dark Fate

Terminator: Dark Fate is a 2019 American science fiction action directed by Tim Miller and is the last movie in the Terminator series. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Mackenzie Davis, Natalia Reyes, Gabriel Luna, Ben Roberts, Tom Hopper and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hadj Mohammed Mesfewi

Mohammed Mesfewi was a Moroccan serial killer who is notorious for having drugged and murdered women who came to his shop. In total, Mohammed killed 36 women, many of which he had buried under his land. 

Mohammed Mesfewi was originally sentenced to crucifixion for his brutal murders, but foreign diplomats shunned crucifixion as being too cruel and archaic. So the Moroccan government instead chose to wall him up. Mohammed was whipped for days prior to his immurement and a cavity the size of his body was prepared in the bazaar of Marrakesh Morocco. On June 11th 1906, Mesfewi was entombed in this cavity. He could be heard constantly screaming from inside his living tomb for two days straight before succumbing to dehydration.

Alcove

An alcove is a room or area with one side open to the adjacent room.

Castle Island

Castle Island is a peninsula in Boston, Massachusetts which is home to a former fort.

Eviction

Eviction is the process of forcing a tenant or homeowner to move out of a property, usually for failure to pay rent, mortgage or property taxes,(the latter two resulting from foreclosure) or for breaking the rules the landlord, homeowners association or municipality has enacted upon said property. Eviction can take a long time and sometimes is only done as a last resort.

Equity

Equity may refer to:


Housing development

A housing development is a subdivision composed largely or completely of dwelling units such as houses, apartments, etc.

Back Bay, Boston

Back Bay is a neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts which is full of brownstone townhouses on five floors each.

Equity (real estate)

In real estate equity is the balance between a property's value and what's still owed on the mortgage. People who own properties with sufficient equity can sometimes borrow against it. Reverse mortgagees often depend upon equity.

Gideon Mensah

Gideon Mensah (born 18 July 1998) is a Ghanaian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Auxerre . He also represents the Ghana national team.

He started his career with the West African Football Academy (WAFA). He played his first match in the Ghana Premier League in 2015. 
In July 2016 he went to Austria and joined FC Liefering which played in the Second Austrian League. 2017 he won the UEFA Youth League with the U19 team of FC Salzburg. 

In January 2019, Mensah joined Sturm Graz on loan until the end of the season. On 29 August 2019 he went on to the Belgian club S.V. Zulte Waregem for the 2019–20 season. On 3 August 2021 Mensah joined FC Girondins de Bordeaux on a season-long loan until the end of the season.

Mensah made his debut for the Ghana national team in the 2021 AFCON qualifier against South Africa in 2019. He was part of the Ghana national team in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. With Ghana he is qualified for the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Katar.


Hemshin peoples

The Hamshenis (Armenian: Համշէնցիներ, Hamshents’iner) are an people of Armenian origin who traditionally lived in the Rize and Artvin provinces in the Turkey. They are Armenian in origin, and were originally Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church, but over the centuries evolved into a distinct group and converted to Sunni Islam after the conquest of the Ottomans of the region during the second half of the 15th century.

The Principality of Hamamshen was founded in the 790. After the Battle of Manzikert in 1071, Turkish influence emerged strongly in the region, after which the Seljuk Turks and other Turkic tribes established a strong presence in Central Anatolia and the Western Armenian Highlands, often referred to as Eastern Anatolia. In the 15th century, the principality of Hamamshen was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire. During the Turkish rule, two most important developments are human migrations and conversions. Most sources agree that prior to Ottoman era majority of the residents of Hemshin were Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church. The details and the accompanying circumstances for the migrations and the conversions during the Ottoman era are not clearly known or documented.
Hamshenis are speak the Homshetsi dialect of Armenian. UNESCO has categorised Homshetsi as a language that is "clearly in danger".

The results of a 2011 genetic survey based on the Y-chromosomal markers of the Hemshin Armenians indicated the central part of the historical Armenian highlands as a plausible place of origin for the Hemshin population.



SK Sturm Graz II

SK Sturm Graz II is the second team of the Austrian Bundesliga club SK Sturm Graz. They play in the Second league after being promoted in the 2021-22 season.
Since 2003 they played in the Regionalliga Mitte. In the 2021-22 season they won the league and were promoted to Second league for the first time.

Libyan Arab Jamahiriya

Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, formerly the official name for Libya, was a state led by Muammar Gaddafi's unique political ideology, known as the Third International Theory. Gaddafi held power for over four decades until his overthrow in 2011. The regime faced international criticism for human rights abuses, and its collapse led to ongoing political instability and conflict in the region. In 1977 Libya became "Al-Jamahiriya al-`Arabiyah al-Libiyah ash-Sha`biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-Uzma" . In English, the name means the "Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya".

The official name "Libyan Arab Jamahiriya" was used for Libya from 1977 to 2011. "Jamahiriya" translates to "state of the masses" in Arabic, reflecting Muammar Gaddafi's political ideology. The term "Arab" denotes the country's cultural and linguistic affiliation.

The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, established by Muammar Gaddafi in 1977, was characterized by his unique political philosophy called "Jamahiriya," emphasizing direct people's rule. Gaddafi's rule faced both domestic opposition and international isolation. The nation experienced economic challenges, and Gaddafi's controversial policies led to conflicts, including the Lockerbie bombing. In 2011, the Arab Spring fueled a rebellion, resulting in NATO intervention and Gaddafi's overthrow. Post-Gaddafi Libya has struggled with political instability and security issues.

Cardinal Secretary of State

The Secretary of State of His Holiness (), commonly known as the Cardinal Secretary of State, is in charge over the Holy See's Secretariat of State, which is the oldest and most important dicastery of the Roman Curia. The Secretariat of State is seen as the prime minister of the Holy See.

The Secretary of State is currently Cardinal Pietro Parolin.



Pietro Parolin

Pietro Parolin (, ; born 17 January 1955) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been a cardinal since February 2014. He has also been the Vatican's Secretary of State since October 2013 and a member of the Council of Cardinal Advisers since July 2014.

Dee Dee Rescher

Dee Dee Rescher (born August 28, 1953) is an American actress. She is known for her acting and voice-over roles in both film and television.
She is the daughter of Jewish cinematographer Gayne Rescher (Jay Gayne Rescher) and actress Ottilie Kruger. Her paternal grandparents were cinematographer Jay Rescher and silent film actress Jean Tolley, and her maternal grandparents were actor Otto Kruger (who was related to South African pioneer and president Paul Kruger) and Sue MacManamy.



Garth Marenghi's Darkplace

Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is a British horror parody television series. It was created for Channel 4 by Richard Ayoade and Matthew Holness. It first broadcast in 1998. The show focuses on fictional horror author Garth Marenghi (played by Matthew Holness) and his publisher Dean Learner (played by Richard Ayoade), characters who originated in the "Garth Marenghi's Fright Knight" stage show.

This list is ordered by the original air dates on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.

Dean of the College of Cardinals

The dean of the College of Cardinals () is in charge over the College of Cardinals in the Roman Catholic Church. They are the "primus inter pares" (first among equals). The position was created in the early 12th century. He always holds the rank of a cardinal bishop

The dean is often, but not always, the longest-serving member of the whole College.

In 2019, upon accepting Cardinal Angelo Sodano's resignation as dean of the College of Cardinals, Pope Francis made it that the dean would serve a five-year term that may be renewed once. 

Bernardin Gantin

Bernardin Gantin (8 May 1922 – 13 May 2008) was a Beninese prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the Dean of the College of Cardinals for nine years. He was an auxiliary bishop and then as archbishop of Cotonou. In 1971 he began his thirty-year career in The Vatican. 

Pope Paul VI made him a cardinal in 1977, Pope John Paul II promoted him to the rank of cardinal bishop in 1986, and he was elected dean, the highest office in the College of Cardinals, in 1993. He retired to Benin when he turned 80.

Gantin died at a hospital in Paris, France after a long-illness on 13 May 2008, less than a week after being transferred there from Benin and five days after his 86th birthday.

Sergei Romanovtsev

Sergei Dmitriyevich Romanovtsev (; 29 September 1925 – 26 May 2022) was an officer and colonel of the Soviet Armed Forces. He reached the rank of "polkovnik". In 1944 he was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union.

Romanovtsev died on 26 May 2022, at the age of 96.

Michael Sela

Michael Sela (; Mieczysław Salomonowicz; 2 March 1924 – 27 May 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli immunologist. He was the W. Garfield Weston Professor of Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot. He was the president of the Weizmann Institute of Science from 1975 until 1985. He was probably best known as the co-developer (with Ruth Arnon and Dvora Teitelbaum) of the multiple sclerosis drug copaxone.

Sela died on 27 May 2022 at the age of 98.

Muhammadiyah

Muhammadiyah (, followers of Muhammad); also known as the Muhammadiyah Society () is a major Islamic non-governmental organization in Indonesia. The organization was founded in 1912 by Ahmad Dahlan in the city of Yogyakarta. They support "ijtihad" - individual interpretation of "Qur'an" and "Sunnah". It played an important role in the popularity of Salafism in Indonesia. 

Southampton (village), New York

Southampton is a village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The Village of Southampton is in the southeastern part of the county in the Town of Southampton. The population was 4,550 at the 2020 census.

Water Mill, New York

Water Mill is a hamlet and a census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Southampton on Long Island in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 2,506 at the 2020 census.

Yves Piétrasanta

Yves Piétrasanta (19 August 1939 – 28 May 2022) was a French politician and academic. He was born in Mèze, France. He was a member of the Radical Party of the Left. He was also a member of The Greens. From 1977 until 2001, he was the Mayor of Mèze. He also was a Member of the European Parliament from 1999 until 2004.

Piétrasanta died on 28 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Mèze

Mèze (; ) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.

Ruth Arnon

Ruth Arnon (Hebrew: רות ארנון [ʁut aʁ'non], born June 1, 1933) is an Israeli biochemist and academic. She helped discover the multiple sclerosis drug Copaxone. She is the Paul Ehrlich Professor of Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science. She is known for her anti-cancer and influenza vaccinations research. Her doctoral advisor was Michael Sela. She won a Wolf Prize in 1998.

Arnon was born in Tel Aviv, Israel. She studied at Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium and Hebrew University of Jerusalem.


Sarah Lancashire

Sarah-Jane Abigail Lancashire (born 10 October 1964) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "Coronation Street" (1991–1996, 2000), "Where the Heart Is" (1997–1999), "Clocking Off" (2000) and "Seeing Red" (2000). She has won two BAFTA Awards.

Since the 2010s Lancashire has earned success and critical acclaim for her roles in the drama series "Last Tango in Halifax" (2012–2020) and "Happy Valley" (2014–2023).

In 2022, she played Julia Child in the HBO Max drama "Julia".

Hank Johnson

Henry Calvin Johnson Jr. (born October 2, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Johnson is one of only three Buddhists to have been in the United States Congress. The others are Senator Mazie Hirono and former Representative Colleen Hanabusa, both of Hawaii.

List of Malaysia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Malaysian Twenty20 International cricketers.

Scinax lindsayi

Lindsay's snouted tree frog ("Scinax lindsayi") is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Amazonas, Brazil.

Kochi Tuskers Kerala

The Kochi Tuskers Kerala were a franchise cricket team that played in the Indian Premier League (IPL) and will play IPL 2020 representing the city of Kochi, Kerala. The team was one of two new franchises added to the IPL for the 2011 season, alongside the Pune Warriors India. The team franchise was owned by Kochi Cricket Pvt Ltd., which was a consortium of multiple companies.
Royal Challengers Bangalore

Royal Challengers Bangalore (often abbreviated as RCB) are a franchise cricket team based in Bangalore, Karnataka. They play in the Indian Premier League (IPL).

It was founded in 2008 by United Spirits and named after the company's liquor brand Royal Challenge. Since its inception, the team has played its home matches at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium.

The Royal Challengers have never won the IPL but finished runners-up on three occasions between 2009 and 2016. Their lack of success over the years despite the presence of various notable players has earned them the tag of "underachievers". The team holds the records of both the highest and the lowest totals in the IPL – 263/5 and 49 respectively.

Gujarat Titans

Gujarat Titans is a cricket franchise based in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The Titans compete in the Indian Premier League (IPL). Founded in 2021, Gujarat Titans' home ground is Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. The franchise is owned by CVC Capital Partners. The team is captained by Hardik Pandya and coached by Ashish Nehra.

Diabolik Lovers

Seven games have been released:


The main heroine, Yui Komori, was just a normal teenage girl in high school until her father, a priest, went to travel overseas for work.

Climate model

Climate models are mathematical models that are used to study climate on a planet, and how it changes over time. Climate modelling is very complex, and numerical methods are used, most of the time. Climate models look at how different things, such as the atmosphere, oceans, land surface and ice interact. Climate models are used for different things, such as looking at how the climate in one spot on the earth will be, in the future.

Climate models may also be qualitative (i.e. not numerical) models and also narratives, largely descriptive, of possible futures.

Quantitative climate models take account of incoming energy from the sun as short wave electromagnetic radiation, chiefly visible and short-wave (near) infrared, as well as outgoing long wave (far) infrared electromagnetic. An imbalance results in a change in temperature.

There are different quantitative models: Some are simpler, and others are more complex. A simple model might look at radiant heat tansfer. It may treat the earth as a single point, and only take averages of outgoing energy. Complexity can then be added.

Coupled atmosphere–ocean–sea ice global climate models solve the full equations for mass and energy transfer and radiant exchange. In addition, other types of modelling can be interlinked, such as land use, in Earth System Models, allowing researchers to predict the interaction between climate and ecosystems.

Box models are simplified versions of complex systems, reducing them to boxes (or reservoirs) linked by fluxes. The boxes are assumed to be mixed homogeneously. Within a given box, the concentration of any chemical species is therefore uniform. However, the abundance of a species within a given box may vary as a function of time due to the input to (or loss from) the box or due to the production, consumption or decay of this species within the box.

Simple box models, i.e. box model with a small number of boxes whose properties (e.g. their volume) do not change with time, are often useful to derive analytical formulas describing the dynamics and steady-state abundance of a species. More complex box models are usually solved using numerical techniques.

Box models are used extensively to model environmental systems or ecosystems and in studies of ocean circulation and the carbon cycle.
They are instances of a multi-compartment model.




Babar Azam

Babar Azam (; born 15 October 1994), is a Pakistani cricketer. He captains Pakistan in all formats. He is ranked as the number one batter in ODIs and fourth in T20Is and Tests as of 13 September 2023.
In May 2015, Babar received his call-up to the Pakistani ODI squad during a home series against Zimbabwe. He marked his ODI debut in the third ODI match on May 31st, showcasing his talent by scoring a solid fifty with 54 runs from 60 balls. This impressive start earned him a spot in both the Test and ODI squads for an upcoming series against Sri Lanka, although he didn't play in the Test matches. In the subsequent ODI series, he had a more modest performance, scoring 37 runs in the two matches he participated in. Babar's journey continued as he was included in the squad for the away ODI series against Zimbabwe in September 2015.

He made his Twenty20 International debut for Pakistan against England on 7 September 2016. He scored an unbeaten 15 runs off 11 balls. Pakistan won that match as well as series.

He made his Test debut for Pakistan against the West Indies in Dubai on 13 October 2016 and scored 69 runs in his first innings. He was the first player to score a fifty on his Test debut through a day/night Test.

In the Champions Trophy 2017, Azam scored 46 off 52 balls in the final match against India. Following an impressive Champions Trophy tour, the ICC sent the the World XI team to visit Pakistan for a series of three T20I matches. Azam stood out as the highest run-scorer in the series, amassing an impressive total of 179 runs. At the 2017 PCB awards, he was awarded Pakistan's ODI Player of the year.

Babar captains Karachi Kings in the PSL and captains Central Punjab in domestic cricket. In April 2021, he was the number one spot in the ICC rankings for ODI batsmen. While in November 2021, he became the number one T20I batsman, a ranking he held in 2018.


Tamu Massif

The Tamu Massif is an extinct submarine shield volcano in the northwest Pacific Ocean. It looks like a hybrid between a mid-ocean ridge and a shield volcano. 

In 2013 researchers announced that it could be a single volcano. If true, that would make Tamu Massif the largest known volcano on Earth. 

The Tamu Massif was formed about 145 million years ago during the late Jurassic to early Cretaceous period over a relatively short period of time (a few million years) and then became extinct.

Tamu Massif is in the Shatsky Rise about east of Japan. The volcano covers an area of about 553,000 square kilometers or 214,000 square miles. Its summit is about below the surface of the ocean, and its base extends to about deep. The volcano is about high, standing on the floor of the ocean.


Scinax tsachila

Scinax tsachila is a frog. Scientists have seen from sea level to 1207 meters above sea level. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of Colombia.

The adult male frog is about 27.2 to 34.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.2 to 36.4 mm long. This frog is medium-brown in color. Sometimes it has stripes down its sides and sometimes it does not.

This frog lives in areas where human beings have cut down the trees. Scientists think this frog is not in danger from cutting down too many trees.

The male frog sits on the ground or on low plants and sings for the female. He does this near a pond, lake, or other body of water.

This frog is named after the Tsáchila people, who live nearby.

Valtteri Bottas

Valtteri Viktor Bottas (; born 28 August 1989) is a Finnish motor racing driver currently competing in Formula One for Alfa Romeo, having previously driven for Mercedes from to and Williams from to . Bottas has scored race wins and podiums. He contributed to five constructors championship wins for Mercedes, and has been drivers' championship runner-up twice, in and .

Bottas returned to racing in 2013, as he was chosen as the teammate of Pastor Maldonado at Williams-Renault for the season. On 8 June 2013, Bottas qualified in 3rd position at the Canadian Grand Prix behind Sebastian Vettel (1st), and Lewis Hamilton (2nd). He scored his first points finish at the United States Grand Prix when he came 8th. This result allowed Bottas to finish ahead of Maldonado in the Drivers' Championship.

In January 2017 Mercedes said that they signed Bottas for the 2017 season to partner Lewis Hamilton, replacing the 2016 World Champion Nico Rosberg who retired from the sport. Bottas came 3rd in his first race as a Mercedes driver, the 2017 Australian Grand Prix, behind Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton.

Poorhouse Rock

"Poorhouse Rock" is the 22nd episode of "The Simpsons" 33rd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on May 22, 2022. It is the last episode of the season. In the episode, Bart Simpson wants to have a job like his father Homer, who works as security at a power plant. However, a janitor from Homer's job shows him that the way his parents used to make money is not possible anymore. The episode guest stars Hugh Jackman as the janitor. The episode was watched by about 930,000 people when it was first broadcast.

WGCI-FM

WGCI-FM (107.5 FM) is an urban contemporary radio station that is licensed to Chicago, Illinois, serving the Chicago metropolitan area and Northwest Indiana. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia (formerly known as Clear Channel Communications until September 2014).

KYLD

KYLD (94.9 FM) is a commercial radio station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Bay Area and owned by San Antonio–based iHeartMedia. The station airs a Mainstream Top 40 format on its analog primary signal. The station has studios located in the SoMa district of San Francisco, and the transmitter is located atop the San Bruno Mountains.

KMEL

KMEL (106.1 FM) is an urban contemporary radio station that is licensed to San Francisco, California, and serving the San Francisco Bay Area. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia.

Greeley, Kansas

Greeley is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States.

Corbin City, New Jersey

Corbin City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Egg Harbor City, New Jersey

Egg Harbor City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Estell Manor, New Jersey

Estell Manor is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Linwood, New Jersey

Linwood is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Margate City, New Jersey

Margate City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Northfield, New Jersey

Northfield is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Pleasantville, New Jersey

Pleasantville is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Port Republic, New Jersey

Port Republic is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Ventnor City, New Jersey

Ventnor City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Garfield, New Jersey

Garfield is a city in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.

Beverly, New Jersey

Beverly is a city in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.

Bordentown, New Jersey

Bordentown is a city in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.

North Wildwood, New Jersey

North Wildwood is a city in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.

Sea Isle City, New Jersey

Sea Isle City is a city in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.

List of Singapore Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Singaporean Twenty20 International cricketers.

Parallel Voices

Parallel Voices ( ) is a 2005 Kazakhstani Uzbekistani musical drama movie directed by Rustam Khamdamov and starring Renata Litvinova, Roza Dzhamanova, Bibigul Tulegenova, Erik Kurmangaliev.

Punjab Kings

Kings XI Punjab is one of the cricket team of Indian Premier League. The home ground of this team is PCA Stadium of Mohali, Punjab, India. It was established in 2008. Since the IPL season of 2010, Punjab plays some home matches in Dharamsala and in Indore too. In ten IPL seasons, this team has moved to playoff matches two times. In this they moved to final and were the runner ups in the 2014 season.

TNX (group)

TNX (Hangul: 티엔엑스; pronounced as T-N-X, short for "The New Six") is a South Korean boy band formed through a reality show, "LOUD". There are six members in this group and they officially debut on 17 May 2022 with "Way Up" mini album.


Tumdak

The tumdak is a musical instrument. It is used by the Santal people of India and Bangladesh.


Frosty the Snowman (TV special)

Frosty the Snowman is a 1969 American animated Christmas television special produced by Rankin Bass Productions. 



DeKay's brown snake

The Dekay's brownsnake ("Storeria dekayi"), commonly referred to as De Kay's brown snake or the brown snake, is a very small, non-venomous colubrid. It primarily eats slugs, snails and earthworms.

Kolkata Knight Riders

Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) are a franchise cricket team. It represents the city of Kolkata in the Indian Premier League. The franchise is owned by Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, actress Juhi Chawla and her spouse Jay Mehta. The Knight Riders play at the iconic Eden Gardens stadium.
The franchise, which got popularity due to its celebrity owners, qualified for the IPL playoffs for the first time in 2011. They became the IPL champions in 2012, by defeating Chennai Super Kings in the final. They repeated the feat in 2014, defeating Kings XI Punjab. The Knight Riders hold the record for the longest winning streak by any Indian team in T20s (14).

The side's all-time leading run-scorer is Gautam Gambhir, while their leading wicket-taker is Sunil Narine. The official theme of the team is "Korbo, Lorbo, Jeetbo Re" ("we will perform, fight, and win!") and the official colours are purple and gold.

Sunrisers Hyderabad

Sunrisers Hyderabad (stylised as SunRisers Hyderabad, SRH) are a franchise cricket team based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). The franchise is owned by Kalanithi Maran of the SUN Group. The team was founded in 2012 after the Hyderabad-based Deccan Chargers were terminated by the IPL. The team is currently captained by Kane Williamson and coached by Trevor Bayliss. Their primary home ground is the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Hyderabad, which has capacity of 55,000.
The team made their first IPL appearance in 2013. It is when they reached the playoffs, and finished in fourth place. The Sunrisers won their maiden IPL title in the 2016 season. They defeated the Royal Challengers Bangalore by 8 runs in the final. The team has qualified for the play-off stage of the tournament in every season since 2016. In 2018, the team reached the finals of the Indian Premier League, but lost to Chennai Super Kings. The team is considered one of the best bowling sides, often admired for its ability to defend low totals. David Warner is the leading run scorer for the side, having won the Orange Cap three times, in 2015, 2017, and 2019. Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the leading wicket-taker having won the Purple Cap twice, in 2016 and 2017. 
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the brand value of the Sunrisers Hyderabad which saw a decline of 4 percent to 57.4 million in 2020 as the overall brand value of the IPL decreased to 4.4 billion, according to Brand Finance.

Kane Williamson

Kane Stuart Williamson (born 8 August 1990) is a New Zealand international cricketer. He is currently the captain of the New Zealand national team in all formats. He is a right-handed batsman and an occasional off spin bowler.

, Williamson has scored 24 Test and 13 ODI centuries. His highest score in Test is 251 and 148 in ODIs. He is yet to score a century in T20Is.

In the annual ICC Awards in January 2022, Williamson was included in ICC Men's Test Team of the Year for the year 2021.

During the New Zealand vs Pakistan 2014 ODI series, Williamson donated his entire match fee for all five ODIs to the victims of the 2014 Peshawar school massacre. He bowls and bats right handed but writes left handed. 
Williamson and his wife Sarah became parents when their daughter was born in 2020. He stood down from the second Test against the West Indies so he could attend the birth.


Rajasthan Royals

Rajasthan Royals (often abbreviated as RR) are a franchise cricket team based in Jaipur, Rajasthan. It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). Founded in 2008 as one of the initial eight IPL franchises, the team is based at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur. The Royals are known to unearth obscure, high potential talent, as well as for their involvement in a number of controversies and scandals.
The team won the inaugural edition of the IPL under the captaincy of Shane Warne, despite being written off as a title contender by the media and fans. The Royals were also the runners-up of the 2013 Champions League Twenty20 under Rahul Dravid's captaincy.

On 14 July 2015, the verdict reached by a panel appointed by the Supreme Court of India suspended Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings for two years over a 2013 betting scandal. This means they could not participate in both the 2016 and 2017 IPL tournaments. They returned to the competition for the 2018 season.
The team's record run-scorer is Ajinkya Rahane with 3098 runs, while the leading wicket-taker is Shane Watson, with 67.

Gujarat Lions

The Gujarat Lions (often abbreviated as GL) was a franchise cricket team based in the city of Rajkot. It represented Indian state Gujarat in the Indian Premier League (IPL). 
The team played in the IPL for 2 years (the 2016 and 2017 seasons) as one of the replacements for Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals, who were both suspended for two seasons due to illegal betting by their respective owners. The franchise was owned by Intex Technologies.

The Whalers

The Whalers is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on August 19, 1938, and featuring Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy.



The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


NY1 Rail and Road

NY1 Rail and Road is a 24-hour cable news channel. It only broadcasts news about traffic and mass transit conditions in the five boroughs of New York City. NY1 Rail and Road updates every five minutes and has feeds for four different zones (Manhattan and Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and the Hudson Valley.) The station airs a constant floating digital aerial map of New York City with a short anchor segment every half-hour, along with periodic cutaways indicating mass transit service changes

Band Internacional

Band Internacional is a Pay TV channel of the Brazilian conglomerate Bandeirantes. It is for Brazilians living in other countries.


NY1 Noticias

NY1 Noticias (pronounced "New York One Noticias", also known as "Spectrum Noticias NY1") is a 24-hour Spanish-language cable news television channel.

Mickey's Trailer

Mickey's Trailer is a 1938 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.



Don's Fountain of Youth

Don's Fountain of Youth is a 1953 American animated short film by Walt Disney Productions featuring Donald Duck.



The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

Additional releases include:


Let's Stick Together (cartoon)

Let's Stick Together is a 1952 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions. 

Two old friends, Donald Duck and Spike hang out in a park and look back on their long friendship. They reminisce about picking up trash together, being tattoo artists, and then doing embroidery. Eventually Spike asks for time off and Donald presents him with a custom-built greenhouse full of flowers. Unfortunately is also contains a lady bee, which causes some jealousy from Donald.


The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".


The New Neighbor

The New Neighbor is a 1953 American animated short film. It was directed by Jack Hannah and produced by Walt Disney, featuring Donald Duck.


The short was released on November 11, 2008, on "".

Additional releases include:



Pluto's Party

Pluto's Party is a 1952 cartoon in the Mickey Mouse series, produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 19, 1952. It was the 124th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

Kit and Kate

Kit and Kate (stylised as Kit ^n^ Kate; ) is a Russian-French-American series of animated shorts.

It was produced by Russian company Toonbox (whose animation studio and ABC Kids office were later respectively relocated to Cyprus), with a team of American, French and Russian artists.

New Math

New Mathematics or New Math was a change in the way mathematics was taught in schools. It happened between the 1950s, and 1970s. In the United States, it happened shortly after the Sputnik crisis. The goal was to boost students' science education and mathematical skill to meet the technological threat of Soviet engineers. These engineers were said to be very skilled mathematicians.

Topics introduced in the New Math include set theory, modular arithmetic, algebraic inequalities, bases other than 10, matrices, symbolic logic, Boolean algebra, and abstract algebra.

All of the New Math projects emphasized some form of "discovery learning." Students worked in groups to invent theories about problems posed in the textbooks. Materials for teachers described the classroom as "noisy." Part of the job of the teacher was to move from table to table assessing the theory that each group of students had developed and "torpedoing" wrong theories by providing counterexamples. For that style of teaching to be tolerable for students, they had to experience the teacher as a colleague rather than as an adversary or as someone concerned mainly with grading. New Math workshops for teachers, therefore, spent as much effort on the pedagogy as on the mathematics.

Parents and teachers who opposed the New Math in the U.S. complained that the new curriculum was too far outside of students' ordinary experience and was not worth taking time away from more traditional topics, such as arithmetic. The material also put new demands on teachers, many of whom were required to teach material they did not fully understand. Parents were concerned that they did not understand what their children were learning and could not help them with their studies. In an effort to learn the material, many parents attended their children's classes. In the end, it was concluded that the experiment was not working, and New Math fell out of favor before the end of the 1960s, though it continued to be taught for years thereafter in some school districts.

In the Algebra preface of his book, "Precalculus Mathematics in a Nutshell", Professor George F. Simmons wrote that the New Math produced students who had "heard of the commutative law, but did not know the multiplication table".

In 1965, physicist Richard Feynman wrote in the essay, "New Textbooks for the "New" Mathematics":

In his book, "Why Johnny Can't Add: The Failure of the New Math", Morris Kline says that certain advocates of the new topics "ignored completely the fact that mathematics is a cumulative development and that it is practically impossible to learn the newer creations, if one does not know the older ones". He also noted the trend to abstraction in New Math. Kline says "abstraction is not the first stage, but the last stage, in a mathematical development".

As a result of this controversy, and despite the ongoing influence of the New Math, the phrase "new math" is often used now to describe any short-lived fad that quickly becomes discredited. In 1999, "Time" placed it on a list of the 100 worst ideas of the 20th century.




Deni Alar

Deni Alar (born 18 January 1990) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Austrian Regionalliga club DSV Leoben.

He started his career with FC Zeltweg and DSV Leoben. Then he played for Austrian Football Bundesliga side Kapfenberger SV. He debuted in the Bundesliga on 2 May 2009 versus SV Ried. The next team was Rapid Wien from 2011 till 2016. This transfer was announced on 3 June 2011.

After this time he went to SK Sturm Graz. On 9 May 2018 he played as Sturm Graz beat Red Bull Salzburg in extra time in the 2017/18 Austrian Cup. 2018 he returned to Rapid Wien. On 26 June 2019, he was loaned toLevski Sofia.

On 28 June 2021 he went to SKN St. Pölten. After this year he went to First Vienna. With Vienna he became Champion and the team was promoted to the Second League.

He played 16 matches for the Austrian national U21 team. He was first called in the Austria national team for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Republic of Ireland in June 2017. On 14 November 2017 he debuted for the team in a 2–1 victory in a friendly against Uruguay. 

Magician Mickey

Magician Mickey is a 1937 Walt Disney Mickey Mouse cartoon, originally released to theaters on February 6, 1937. This was the 92nd Mickey Mouse short to be released, and the third for that year.

Mickey puts on a magic show, but is interrupted by Donald Duck. Mickey gets his revenge on Donald through his tricks.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".

Additional releases include:

Toonbox

Toonbox is a Russian animation studio founded in Russia. It is currently based in Cyprus.

The studio was founded in 2008, by Pavel Muntyan (CEO) and Vladimir Ponomarev (CCO).



Mickey's Surprise Party

Mickey's Surprise Party is a 1939 American animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was distributed by Nabisco. Hamilton Luske directed it. It was the 105th short in the "Mickey Mouse" movie series to be released, and the second for that year. "Mickey's Surprise Party" is the first cartoon with Mickey and Minnie Mouse in their current designs, created by animator Fred Moore.


The Fire Inside

The Fire Inside is the fourteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on August 27, 1991.

B4U Movies

B4U Movies is a Bollywood movie digital TV channel based in Mumbai available on more than 8 different satellites, in more than 100 countries including the US, UK, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Mauritius, Canada, and India.

The channel broadcasts a mixture of classic and contemporary Bollywood films.

There are 4 different versions of the channel available in the UK, North America, the Middle East and South Asia. Each version of the channel produces a quantity of local programming which reflects the culture and tastes of the local population of the Indian Diaspora. One such program (only shown on the South Asian version of B4U movies) is a talent contest for young actors, directors and screenwriters aged 7–15. The show concluded with the 4 finalists of the contest having their debut films premiered on the channel.



English Council of State

The English Council of State was first appointed by the Rump Parliament on 14 February 1649. This was after the execution of King Charles I. The Council of State is also known as the Protector's Privy Council.

Illkirch-Graffenstaden

Illkirch-Graffenstaden is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is a suburb of the city of Strasbourg. In 2019, 26,698 people live in Illkirch-Graffenstaden.

Nenagh

Nenagh ( or simply "An tAonach") meaning “The Fair of Ormond” or simply "The Fair", is the county town and second largest town in County Tipperary in Ireland. In 2016, 8,968 people live in Nenagh.

Carbonne

Carbonne () is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Brave Little Tailor

Brave Little Tailor is a 1938 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.


Scinax perereca

Scinax perereca is a frog. Scientists have seen it Brazil and Argentina. They think it might also live in Paraguay.

The Olympic Champ

The Olympic Champ is a 1942 Goofy cartoon made by Walt Disney Animation Studios which explains the events in track and field at the Olympic Games.

It starts off with Goofy doing the Olympic torch relay to the cauldron and then explains the events in track and field such as pole vault, relay race, shot put, and other events which end Goofy in the trophy area.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:

The Pointer

The Pointer is a 1939 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on July 21, 1939. The short was directed by Clyde Geronimi and animated by Fred Moore, Frank Thomas, Lynn Karp, Seamus Culhane, Ollie Johnston, Preston Blair, Lester Norvi, John Lounsbery, Claude Smitha, Art Palmer, and Josh Meador.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


RTP Internacional

RTP Internacional (RTPi) is a Portuguese free-to-air television channel owned and operated by state-owned public broadcaster Rádio e Televisão de Portugal.


Coronis

Coronis was one of Apollo's lovers, a Thessalian princess and the mother of Asclepius.

The Filipino Channel

The Filipino Channel, commonly known as TFC, is a 24-hour global subscription television network based in Daly City, California with studio in Redwood City, California.
TFC has offices in Africa, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Cayman Islands, UAE, Ethiopia, Hungary, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Middle East, the Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia and the United Kingdom.

On 1 September 2020, TFC Online its online streaming merged with iWant made the service accessible worldwide. It was soft launched as iWantTFC.

Launched on 30 April 2007, TFC IPTV (formerly known as TFCko) is an IPTV and video on demand (VOD) service distributed around the world under the brand of The Filipino Channel.




Phoenix North America Chinese Channel

Phoenix North America Chinese Channel is one of the six channels that Phoenix Television operates. It was launched on 1 January 2001 in order to serve Chinese viewers in North America, and it is the first Chinese language channel that is available across the continent. This channel now broadcasts on both Dish Network and DirecTV satellite systems and shares a similar programming with Phoenix Chinese News and Entertainment Channel. Some of its in-house programmes include "Phoenix North America News" and "Experience America" .



Phoenix InfoNews Channel

Phoenix InfoNews Channel is a Hong Kong pay television news channel owned by Phoenix Television. It is the first channel to report news across the Greater China region, which includes Mainland China, Macau, Taiwan and Hong Kong. This channel was established on 1 January 2001. It delivers news and financial updates around the clock. Analysts also provide comments and analysis on current issues and topics.


Phoenix Hong Kong Channel

Phoenix Hong Kong Channel is one of the six channels that Phoenix Television operates. It was launched on 28 March 2011.




The Nifty Nineties

The Nifty Nineties is an animated short film. It was produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on June 20, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.

Part of the dance sequence with Fred and Ward was reused in a scene in "Jiminy Cricket's You and Your Senses of Taste and Smell."


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".


Mickey's Delayed Date

Mickey's Delayed Date is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was released on October 3, 1947. The film was directed by Charles Nichols and was animated by Jerry Hathcock, George Kreisl, George Nicholas, Harry Holt, Bob Youngquist, Marvin Woodward, and Max Cox with effects animation by Jack Boyd and Andy Engman. It was the 120th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the only one produced that year.

It was the last Mickey Mouse cartoon featuring Walt Disney as Mickey Mouse.



The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

Additional releases include:


Sacred Spirit

Sacred Spirit is a musical project by Claus Zundel, Ralf Hamm, and Markus Staab and pecy. The music is of electronic, new age, world and ambient genres. Sacred Spirit's total worldwide album sales are estimated to be over 15 million copies. For each album sold, donations are made to the Native American Rights Fund, a non-profit Native American organization devoted to restoring the legal rights of Native Americans.

Released only in Japan

!scope="row"|Worldwide


Teachers (Darwin's Yearbook)

"Teachers" is the sixth and final episode of Darwin's Yearbook. It first broadcast on December 17, 2020 on Cartoon Network.

Adriano Maleiane

Adriano Afonso Maleiane (born 6 November 1949) is a Mozambican economist and politician. He is the prime minister of Mozambique since 2022.

Kongsploitation

Kongsploitation is a giant monster exploitation films subgenre that are either from Hong Kong, United Kingdom, United States, Canada and South Korea are plagiarized or rip-off imitations similar from King Kong. The same was similar to Sharksploitation, Bruceploitation, Turksploitation.

Noted examples of Kongsploitation movies include:

2023 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2023 UEFA Champions League Final was the final game of the 2022–23 season. It was played in Istanbul, Turkey, on June 10, 2023. Manchester City from England played against Inter Milan from Italy, Manchester City won 1–0 with a goal from Rodri in the second half. This marked Manchester City's first European trophy since 1970. They also won the Premier League and FA Cup titles that season, completing a treble. Because they won the Champions League, they got to play against Sevilla, who won the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League, in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup, and they also qualified for the 2023 and 2025 FIFA Club World Cups.

Originally, the final was supposed to be at Wembley Stadium in London, but because of changes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, it was moved to Istanbul. Munich will host the 2025 final as a result.

The final was originally scheduled to be played at Wembley Stadium in London, England. However, the Allianz Arena in Munich was assigned the 2023 final. This is due to the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final because of the COVID-19 pandemic, When the 2021 final, which had been scheduled at Istanbul, also had to be relocated due to COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey, the 2023 final was given to Istanbul instead. Munich will now host the 2025 final.

The winners will earn the right to play against the winners of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup.

This will be the second UEFA Champions League final played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium; the first was held in 2005.

An open bidding process was launched on 22 February 2019 by UEFA to select the 2022 and 2023 UEFA Champions League final venues. Associations had until 22 March 2019 to express interest, and bid information had to be submitted by 1 July 2019.

While the bidding associations have not been confirmed by UEFA, the German Football Association was reported to have bid with the Allianz Arena in Munich, should they not be awarded the 2021 final.

The Allianz Arena was selected by the UEFA Executive Committee during their meeting in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 24 September 2019. The hosts for the 2021 and 2023 UEFA Champions League finals were also appointed at here.

In the final match, Manchester City made a surprise change by putting Nathan Aké in the starting lineup instead of Kyle Walker. Inter Milan stuck with their usual lineup. Both teams had chances to score in the first half, but Inter's goalkeeper André Onana stopped City from taking the lead. There was a scary moment when Kevin De Bruyne got injured and had to leave the game in the first half. The first half ended without any goals, as Inter played defensively.

In the second half, Romelu Lukaku came in for Edin Džeko and had a good chance with a header. In the 68th minute, Rodri scored the first goal for City, thanks to a pass from Bernardo Silva. Inter almost equalized with a header that hit the crossbar, and they had more chances, but Ederson and City's defense held strong. In the end, City won 1–0.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

2022–23 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round

The 2022–23 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round is scheduled to take place between on 21 June and ended on 24 August 2022.

A total of 53, 54 or 55 teams are expected to compete in the qualifying system of the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League, which includes the qualifying phase and the play-off round, with 42 or 43 teams in Champions Path and 10 or 11 teams in League Path. The six winners in the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path) advanced to the group stage, to join the 26 teams that enter in the group stage.

Times are CEST (), as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).

The Champions Path includes all league champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the Champions Path enter either the Europa League or the Europa Conference League:

Below are the participating teams of the Champions Path (with their 2022 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.

The League Path includes all league non-champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the League Path enter the Europa League:

Below are the participating teams of the League Path (with their 2022 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.


Each tie, apart from the preliminary round, is played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advance to the next round. If the aggregate score is level at the end of normal time of the second leg, extra time is played, and if the same amount of goals are scored by both teams during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out.

In the preliminary round, the semi-finals and final are played as a single match hosted by one of the participating teams. If the score is level at the end of normal time, extra time is played, and if the same amount of goals are scored by both teams during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out.

In the draws for each round, teams are seeded based on their UEFA club coefficients at the beginning of the season, with the teams divided into seeded and unseeded pots containing the same number of teams. A seeded team is drawn against an unseeded team, with the order of legs (or the administrative "home" team in the preliminary round matches) in each tie decided by draw. As the identity of the winners of the previous round is not known at the time of the draws, the seeding is carried out under the assumption that the team with the higher coefficient of an undecided tie advances to this round, which means if the team with the lower coefficient is to advance, it simply takes the seeding of its opponent. Prior to the draws, UEFA may form "groups" in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee, but they are purely for convenience of the draw and do not resemble any real groupings in the sense of the competition. Teams from associations with political conflicts as decided by UEFA may not be drawn into the same tie. After the draws, the order of legs of a tie may be reversed by UEFA due to scheduling or venue conflicts.

The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).

<section begin=PR />
The preliminary round will consist of two semi-finals on 21 June 2022 and the final on 24 June 2022. The draw for the preliminary round will be held on 7 June 2022. <section end=PR />

<section begin=PR />
A total of four teams will play in the preliminary round. Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients, with two seeded teams and two unseeded teams in the semi-finals. The first team drawn in each tie in the semi-finals, and also the final (between the two winners of the semi-finals, whose identity was not known at the time of draw), would be the "home" team for administrative purposes.

<section end=PR />

The preliminary round matches will consist of two semi-finals on 21 June 2022 and the final on 24 June 2022.

The winner of the preliminary round final will advance to the first qualifying round. The losers of the semi-finals and final will be transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.
<section begin=PR />

<section begin=Q1 />
The draw for the first round will be held on 14 June 2022. <section end=Q1 />

<section begin=Q1 />A total of 30 teams will play in the first qualifying round: 29 teams which enter in this round, and 1 winner of the preliminary round. Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winner of the preliminary round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.

<section begin=Q1 />
The first legs will be played on 5 and 6 July, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 July 2022.

The winners of the ties advanced to the Champions Path second qualifying round. The losers will be transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.

Notes
<section end=Q1 />

<section begin=Q2 />
The draw for the second qualifying round will be held on 15 June 2022. <section end=Q2 />

<section begin=Q2 />A total of 24 teams will play in the second qualifying round. They will be divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the first qualifying round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.

Champions Path

Seeded
Unseeded
League Path

Seeded
Unseeded
<section end=Q2 />

The winners of the ties will advance to the third qualifying round of their respective path. The Champions Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League Champions Path qualifying round, while the League Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League Main Path qualifying round.

<section begin=Q3 />
The draw for the third qualifying round will be held on 18 July 2022. <section end=Q3 />

<section begin=Q3 />A total of 20 teams will play in the third qualifying round. They will be divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the second qualifying round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.


Champions Path

Seeded

Seeding to be confirmed

League Path

Seeded

Unseeded

<section end=Q3 />

The winners of the ties will advance to the play-off round of their respective path. The Champions Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League play-off round, while the League Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League group stage.

<section begin=PO />
The draw for the play-off round will be held on 1 August 2022. <section end=PO />

<section begin=PO />A total of 12 teams will play in the play-off round. They will be divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the third qualifying round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.


Champions Path

Seeded

Seeding to be confirmed

Unseeded

League Path

Seeded
Unseeded
<section end=PO />

The winners of the ties will advance to the group stage. The losers will be transferred to the Europa League group stage.

Luís Montenegro

Luís Filipe Montenegro Cardoso de Morais Esteves (born 16 February 1973) is a Portuguese Social Democratic Party (PSD) politician who has been the Leader of the Opposition since 2022. He was a member of the Assembly of the Republic from the Aveiro District from 2002 to 2018.

He lost to Rui Rio in his party's leadership election in 2020. He ran again for the party leadership after Rio's resignation in 2022, winning the position.

May 2022 Madjoari massacre

On 25 May 2022, jihadist insurgents attacked Madjoari in the Kompienga Province of Burkina Faso. The massacre left at least 50 civilians dead as they were trying to escape. It was the third attack to take place in Madjoari in May 2022, after an attack on 14 May that killed 17 civilians and another on 19 May that killed 11 soldiers. It is also the deadliest attack in Burkina Faso since the Solhan massacre, which officially killed 132 people.


2022–23 UEFA Champions League

The 2022–23 UEFA Champions League was the 68th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organized by UEFA.

Manchester City defeated Inter Milan at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey. The stadium was originally appointed to host the 2020 UEFA Champions League Final, but both this, and the 2021 final which had been eventually re-allocated to the Atatürk, were moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As winners Manchester City automatically qualified for the 2023–24 UEFA Champions League group stage, and earned the right to play against the winner of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League, Sevilla, in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup and the 2023 FIFA Club World Cup, winning both.

Real Madrid were the defending champions, but were eliminated by Manchester City in the semifinals.

A total of 78 teams from 53 of the 55 UEFA member associations participate in the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League (the exceptions being Russia, who are banned from participating due to 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, and Liechtenstein, which does not organise a domestic league). The association ranking based on the UEFA association coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association:

For the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League, the associations are allocated places according to their 2021 UEFA association coefficients, which takes into account their performance in European competitions from 2016–17 to 2020–21.

Apart from the allocation based on the association coefficients, associations may have additional teams participating in the Champions League, as noted below:

The following is the access list for this season.

Due to the suspension of Russia for the 2022–23 European season, and since the Champions League title holders (Real Madrid) have qualified via their domestic league, the following changes to the access list have been made:<ref name="rus-susp-22/23"></ref>


The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:

The second qualifying round, third qualifying round and play-off round are divided into Champions Path (CH) and League Path (LP).

"CC: 2022 UEFA club coefficients."
Notes

The schedule of the competition is as follows. All matches are played on Tuesdays and Wednesdays apart from the preliminary round final. Scheduled kick-off times starting from the play-off round are 18:45 and 21:00 CEST/CET.

As the 2022 FIFA World Cup takes place in Qatar between 21 November and 18 December 2022, the group stage will commence in the first week of September 2022 and conclude in the first week of November 2022 to make way for the World Cup.

All draws start at 12:00 CEST/CET and are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

The draw for the group stage will be held on 25 August 2022. The 32 teams will be drawn into eight groups of four. For the draw, the teams are seeded into four pots, each of eight teams, based on the following principles:



Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group.

Eintracht Frankfurt will make their debut appearance in the group stage after winning Europa League. This season is also the first in which five German clubs will play in the group stage. 
Pot 1

Pot 2

Pot 3
Pot 3 or 4

Pot 4
<section begin="F" />

The final was played on 10 June 2023 at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul. A draw was held on 17 March 2023, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes. <section end="F" />

Tara Air Flight 197

Tara Air Flight 197 was a scheduled Tara Air flight from Pokhara Airport to Jomsom Airport in Nepal. 22 people (19 passengers and 3 crew members) were on board. Tara Air is known to be one of the most unsafe airlines in the world.

On 29 May 2022, the flight lost contact with air traffic controllers at 10:07 local time. The aircraft crashed in Mustang District, but the number of deaths and survivors are unknown.

Search and rescue efforts were called off later that day because of snowfall at the suspected crash site.

The flight was carrying 22 occupants, and the 19 passengers consisted of 13 Nepalis, four Indians and two Germans. There were two pilots and a flight attendant among the 13 Nepalis on the flight. NDTV stated that the four Indian passengers were members of the same family from Mumbai.

Marcus Ericsson

Marcus Thorbjörn Ericsson (; born 2 September 1990) is a Swedish racing driver. He competed in the NTT IndyCar Series with Chip Ganassi Racing driving the No. 8 Honda. Ericsson competed in Formula One between 2014 and 2018. He won the 2022 Indianapolis 500. He was born in Kumla, Sweden.

Vinícius Júnior

Vinícius José Paixão de Oliveira Júnior (born 12 July 2000), commonly known as Vinícius Júnior or Vini Jr. (), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team. He is considered to be one of the best wingers in the world due to his dribbling skills, pace, and stamina.

Real Madrid

Brazil U15

Brazil U17

Individual

In This Room

In This Room is the third and final studio album by The 3rd and the Mortal. The album was released on March 21, 1997.

Stan Rodger

Stanley Joseph Rodger (13 February 1940 – 29 May 2022) was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was president of the Public Service Association between 1970 and 1973 and Member of Parliament for Dunedin North from 1978 to 1990. Rodger was the Minister of Labour from 1984 until 1989. Rodger was born in Dunedin, New Zealand.

Rodger died on 29 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Sidhu Moose Wala

Shubhdeep Singh Sidhu(Sidhu moose wala /Kuldeep) (11 June 1993 – 29 May 2022), better known by his stage name Sidhu Moose Wala, was an Indian singer, rapper, and actor.

He started his career as a songwriter for the song ""License"" by Ninja. He was known for his track ""So High"". In 2018, he released his first album "PBX 1". His 2019 single "47" was ranked on the UK Singles Chart. In 2020, Moose Wala was named by "The Guardian" among 50 upcoming artists.

Moose Wala was a member of the Indian National Congress. He unsuccessfully ran the 2022 Punjab Legislative Assembly election.

Moose Wala was assassinated by drive-by shooting on 29 May 2022 in Jawaharke, Mansa district. He was 28 years old.

Maria Mirecka-Loryś

Maria Mirecka-Loryś (7 February 1916 – 29 May 2022) was a Polish World War II Resistance member. She was a member of the National Military Organization, Commander in Chief of the Women's National Military Union and of the Union of Polish Women in America. She was the director of the National Board of the American Polish Congress. She was born in Ulanów, Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary (now Poland).

Mirecka-Loryś turned 100 in February 2016. She died on 29 May 2022, aged 106.

Ausma Kantāne-Ziedone

Ausma Kantāne-Ziedone (10 November 1941 – 29 May 2022) was a Latvian actress and politician. She was born in Riga, Latvia. She was a member of the Saeima from 2002 until 2010. She was part of the New Era Party.

Kantāne-Ziedone died on 29 May 2022 in Riga at the age of 80.

Virgil Dridea

Virgil Dridea (17 November 1940 – 29 May 2022), also known as Puiu Dridea, was a Romanian footballer and manager. He played as a midfielder in 82 matches for Petrolul Ploiești from 1958 until 1968. Dridea was born in Ploiești, Romania. 

Dridea died on 29 May 2022 at the age of 81.

Marino Masé

Marino Masé (21 March 1939 – 28 May 2022) was an Italian actor. He appeared in more than 70 movies from 1961 until his death. His first movie was "Romulus and the Sabines". He also appeared in Marco Bellocchio's "Fists in the Pocket" and Jean-Luc Godard's "Les Carabiniers". He also played Lupo in "The Godfather Part III" (1991).

Masé died in Rome, Italy on 28 May 2022 from a heart attack, at the age of 83.


Marco Bellocchio

Marco Bellocchio (; born 9 November 1939) is an Italian movie director, screenwriter, and actor. His career began in 1962. Some of his movies include "Victory March" (1976), "A Leap in the Dark" (1980), "Henry IV" (1984), "Devil in the Flesh" (1986), and "My Mother's Smile" (2002).

In 1991 he won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 41st Berlin International Film Festival for his movie "The Conviction".

Bobbio

Bobbio (Bobbiese: ; ; ) is a small town and commune in the province of Piacenza in Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy.

Peter Browngardt

Peter Browngardt is an American animator, storyboard artist, voice actor, writer and producer currently working as such episode "The Signal" "The Amazing World of Gumball". He is perhaps best known for being the creator of Cartoon Network's "Uncle Grandpa", in which he also voices the title character, a spin-off of the earlier "Secret Mountain Fort Awesome". Browngardt has had prior experience working on shows such as "Futurama", "The Simpsons", "Chowder" and "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack", "The Amazing World of Gumball", "Uncle Grandpa". His main contribution to the "Adventure Time" series is storyboarding and writing The 2009 episode "Regular Show Pilot".

Bo Hopkins

William Mauldin "Bo" Hopkins (February 2, 1942 – May 28, 2022) was an American actor. He was born in Greenville, South Carolina. His career began in 1966 and he retired in 2020. 

His best known movie roles were in "The Wild Bunch" (1969), "The Bridge at Remagen" (1969), "The Getaway" (1972), "American Graffiti" (1973), "The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing" (1973), "The Killer Elite" (1975), "Posse" (1975), "A Small Town in Texas" (1976), "Midnight Express" (1978), and "More American Graffiti" (1979).

Hopkins died on May 28, 2022 after having a heart attack nineteen days before in Van Nuys, California at the age of 80.

Péter Haumann

Péter Haumann (17 May 1941 – 28 May 2022) was a Hungarian actor. He appeared in more than one hundred movies. His career began in 1962 and he retired in 2021. Haumann was born in Budapest, Hungary. Haumann was known for his roles in "Ten Thousand Days", "Woyzeck", "Sound Eroticism" and "Kalandorok".

Haumann died on 28 May 2022 in Budapest at the age of 81.

The Signal

The Signal may refer to:



Patricia Brake

Patricia Ann Brake (25 June 1942 – 28 May 2022) was an English actress. Brake played Ingrid Fletcher in the BBC sitcom "Porridge", and its sequel "Going Straight". In 2015, she guest-starred in the BBC ongoing drama "Casualty" and in "Midsomer Murders" for ITV. 

Brake died from cancer on 28 May 2022, at the age of 79.

Ivandro Cunha Lima

Ivandro Moura Cunha Lima (26 May 1930 – 28 May 2022) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He was born in João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil. He was a member of the Brazilian Senate from 1977 until 1982.

Lima died on 28 May 2022 in Campina Grande, Brazil, two days after his 92nd birthday.

Narendra Modi Stadium

The Narendra Modi Stadium (formerly: Motera Cricket Stadium) is a cricket stadium inside the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Sports Enclave in Ahmedabad, India. It is the largest stadium in the world, with a seating capacity of 132,000 people. It is owned by the Gujarat Cricket Association.

The stadium was constructed in 1983 and was first renovated in 2006.

On 24 February 2021, the stadium was renamed as the Narendra Modi Stadium by the Gujarat Cricket Association after Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

The Stadium hosted the final of the 2023 Cricket World Cup on 19th of November.

A Modern Utopia

A Modern Utopia is a 1905 novel by H. G. Wells. It centres on a paradisal version of Earth with a world government in which all countries speak the same language, have one currency as legal tender, etc.

World government

A world government, global government or world state is a concept of replacing nation states with a single country spanning the whole Earth (or some other planet). The trope can be found in science fiction, the New World Order conspiracy theory, Marxist thought, etc. No global government is currently in known to be in the planning stages, the closest things to a world government were empires and are political unions like the European Union and African Union, as well as intergovernmental cooperation organizations like the United Nations.

New World Order

The New World Order is a conspiracy theory that has secret societies like Illuminati and Freemasonry are currently in the process of setting up a totalitarian world government. Believers in this theory include Alex Jones.

List of Chowder episodes

"Chowder" is an American animated television series created by C.H. Greenblatt for Cartoon Network. The series centers on Chowder, an aspiring young boy who hopes to one day become a professional chef. Chowder is the apprentice of Mung Daal, Chowder's caretaker and seasoned professional chef, who lives with his wife, Truffles, in the bustling community of Marzipan City. Mung Daal's catering company also employs his assistant, Shnitzel, who speaks only in gibberish. The catering company's greatest rival is a business owned by the surreptitious Endive and her junior apprentice, Panini. Panini has a remarkable romantic interest in Chowder despite his repeated attempts to explain that he is not interested in her. Throughout his journey, Chowder also interacts with Gazpacho, a middle-aged fruit salesman who often gives him advice, and his pet Kimchi, a gas cloud who speaks unintelligibly to Chowder.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Xanadu

Xanadu can mean


Xanadu (Citizen Kane)

Xanadu Palace is the palatial mansion in the movie Citizen Kane. It's loosely based on Hearst Castle.

Business magnate

A business magnate or a tycoon is a businessman who owns a major corporation.


Hearst Communications

The Hearst Corporation, officially called Hearst Communications, is a business conglomerate that has 360 subsidiary companies. It was founded by William Randolph Hearst.



Conglomerate

A conglomerate or conglomeration is a single entity made of various subsidiary entities. The term especially means a big-box corporation with branches.

Branch (business)

A branch in the corporate world means a store, hotel, restaurant or similar type of business establishment that is a franchise in a business chain.

Branch (banking)

A bank branch is a single bank building operating under the same brand as other locations.

Branch (Latter Day Saints)

In the Latter Day Saints denomination of Christianity, a branch is a church congregation.

Olive branch

An olive branch is a twig off an olive tree that is a symbol of peace in many cultures.

Branch, Newfoundland and Labrador

Branch, Newfoundland and Labrador is an incorporated fishing village on the east coast of the province of Newfoundland, Canada.

Xanadu (song)

Xanadu is a song by Olivia Newton-John and the Electric Light Orchestra that's about a paradise somewhere.

List of programs broadcast by Disney Junior

This is a list of television programs broadcast on the cable and satellite TV channel Disney Junior in the United States.





Shangra La

Shangra La is a mythological utopia in the Himalayas, especially in the Chinese province of Tibet or the countries of Nepal or Brunei. Shangra La is part of the Himalayan version of Buddhism.

Big-box corporation

A big-box corporation is a large, usually multinational company with many franchises in different locations.

Sussan Ley

Sussan Penelope Ley (pron. ; ; born 14 December 1961) is an Australian politician. She is a member of the Liberal Party and has served as member of parliament (MP) for the New South Wales seat of Farrer since 2001. In 2022, she was elected Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party and became Deputy Opposition Leader.

She was a cabinet minister in the Abbott, Turnbull and Morrison governments.

Ley was born in Kano, Nigeria to English parents. She grew up in the United Arab Emirates and England before moving to Australia as a teenager. 

She was the Minister for Education (2013–2014), Minister for Health (2014–2016), Sport (2014–2017), Aged Care (2015–2016), and Health and Aged Care (2016–2017). She resigned from the ministry in January 2017.

She was the Minister for the Environment before the Morrison government's defeat at the 2022 federal election.

Bill Gates's house

Xanadu 2.0 is Bill Gates's main mansion in Medina, Washington on the shores of Lake Washington.

The house is loaded with high tech features like an underwater music system in the main swimming pool, and an individualized HVAC system. Xanadu 2.0 is earth-sheltered and has 66,000sqft/6,580sqm of living space, a gym with a trampoline room, a 23 car garage, 24 bathrooms, domestic servant quarters, banquet hall, and a private library. The lake shore has a beach with sand imported from a Caribbean island. The property taxes for Xanadu 2.0 are well above $1,000,000.

Earth shelter

An earth-sheltered building is a building that is built into a hill, usually with only one full side of the building exposed.

Banquet hall

A banquet hall, reception hall or function hall is a room for holding banquets, similar to a ballroom. Banquet halls can be found in Nightclubs, Hotels or Pubs and the term "function hall" was first mentioned in 1922.

Protest vote

A protest vote (also called a blank, null, spoiled, or "none of the above" vote) is a vote cast in an election to show disapproval of the choice of candidates or the current political system. 

None of the above

"None of the above" (NOTA), or none for short, also known as "against all" or a "scratch" vote, is a ballot option in some jurisdictions or organizations, that allows the voter to show disapproval of the candidates in a voting system. It is the same as voting "No" for either candidate on the ballot. 

Ballot

A ballot is a system used to cast votes in an election and may be found as a piece of paper or a small ball used in secret voting. It was invented in Italy around the 16th century.

Each voter uses one ballot, and ballots are not shared. In the simplest elections, a ballot might be a scrap of paper. The voter casts their ballot in a box at a polling station.

In British English, this is usually called a "ballot paper". 

Mansion House

Mansion House is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London, England.


Carson Mansion

The Carson Mansion is a five-story Queen Ann Victorian house in Eureka, California. It was built for $80,000 for a local lumber baron. The house is well known for its over-the-top Victorian detailing. Nowadays, the mansion is home to the Ingomar Club, an exclusive gentlemen's club.

Pensmore Mansion

Pensmore Mansion, Pensmore Castle or Chateau Pensmore is a chateauesque style mansion in the Ozark Mountains near Highlandville, Missouri. The 72,000sqft\7180sqm mock castle holds 13 bedrooms, 14 baths and is said to be able to withstand earthquakes, tornadoes and even the blast from a nuclear bomb from just a few kilometers away! A conspiracy theory says that Pensmore Mansion will be used as a new White House in the New World Order. There's also said to be kilometers of tunnels under the mansion.

The Breakers

The Breakers is a private palace in Newport, Rhode Island that has over one acre of floor space on five storeys. The mansion is modeled after the grandest of dogeal palaces in Venice, Italy, despite the style being ill-suited for the cold northern climate of New England.

San Simeon

San Simeon is a town on the Pacific coast of the US state of California, it's most famous as being the town that Hearst Castle is located in.


Hardcore Gamer

Hardcore Gamer is an video gaming magazine that based / published in United States. The magazine began in June 23, 2005, and founded by Tim Linquist. The final issue released on November 4, 2010, and became a online newspaper on the "Hardcore Gamer" magazine.


Yeti Airlines

Yeti Airlines Pvt. Ltd. (Nepali: यती एअरलाइन्स) is an airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal. The airline was established in May 1998 and received its Air Operators Certificate on 17 August 1998.


Southern American plantations

Southern American plantations are the various plantations of the Antebellum southern US. Such plantations could be whole towns in their own right, with chapels, workshops, slave shacks, etc. At the heart of the plantation was usually a Greek-revival style house occupied by the owner and his family. The main "plantation mansion" usually has a portico or columned porches. So many plantation houses were constructed in the Greek-revival style that it's sometimes called the "plantation style". The hierarchy of an antebellum plantation was akin to that of a feudal manor during the medieval era.

Antebellum

Antebellum, Latin for "before war", may refer to:




Portico

A portico is a Greek style porch.

Greek Revival architecture

Greek-revival or Greek revival is an architectural style. It Its buildings look like the temples of ancient Greece. It is a style often used for courthouses, banks and other important buildings.

Energy security

Energy security is the association between national security and the availability of natural resources for energy consumption. Accessing to (relatively) cheap energy has become essential to the functioning of modern economies.

However, the uneven distribution of energy supplies among countries has led to significant vulnerabilities. International energy relations have contributed to the globalization of the world leading to energy security and energy vulnerability at the same time.

Rapid deployment of renewable energy and energy efficiency, and technological diversification of energy sources including nuclear energy result in significant energy security and economic benefits.


Little Fauss and Big Halsy

Little Fauss and Big Halsy is a 1970 American comedy-drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, Lauren Hutton, Noah Beery Jr., Lucille Benson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The First of Us

The First of Us (, stylized as: EL PR1MERO DE NOSOTROS, ) is an Argentine comedy-drama telenovela produced by Viacom International Studios and broadcast on Telefe. The plot revolves around a group of friends who receive bad news about the state of health of one of them. It stars Benjamín Vicuña, Paola Krum, Luciano Castro, Jorgelina Aruzzi, Damián De Santo and Mercedes Funes. She also co-stars Rafael Ferro, Adriana Salonia, Nicolás Riera and Sebastián Presta. And it has the special participation of the first actresses Noralíh Gago and Carola Reyna, and the first actor Daniel Fanego.

The premiere of the series was originally going to be in the middle of 2021; however, Telefe decided to postpone the premiere date for March 21, 2022. Simultaneously, it premiered on Paramount+, where each week the chapters are available in advance of their broadcast on television. of air.

The final episode was broadcast on June 30, 2022 in Telefe.


Leaders of the New School

Leaders of the New School was an American hip hop group that was formed in 1989. The group was based in Long Island, New York. It members were natives Charlie Brown (born Bryan Higgins) and Dinco D (born James Jackson); North Amityville, New York, Cut Monitor Milo (real name Sheldon Scott), and Busta Rhymes (real name Trevor Smith, Jr.). 

Leaders of the New School made its first appearance on an Elektra Records compilation titled "Rubáiyát: Elektra's 40th Anniversary", on the only hip hop song called "Mt. Airy Groove". 

In 1991, the group performed with A Tribe Called Quest on the hit single "Scenario" on "The Arsenio Hall Show". Later, the group's first album, "A Future Without a Past...", was released. It included the hits "Case of the P.T.A.", "Sobb Story", and "The International Zone Coaster". The group was praised for their lightweight content and deliveries of calls and responses to the old school.


Khyongla Rato

Khyongla Rato (1923 – May 24, 2022) was a Tibetan Buddhist monk, scholar and teacher. He was born in Kham, Tibet. He was seen as an incarnate lama at an early age. He spent over 30 years of his life as a monk studying in the monasteries of Tibet. In 1975 he founded The Tibet Center, a center for the study of Buddhism in New York City. For more than 30 years he was the director and main teacher at the Tibet Center.

In 1977, his autobiography, "My Life and Lives", was published. In 1993 he appeared in the Bertolucci movie, "Little Buddha". 

Rato died in Dharamsala, India on May 24, 2022.

Akie Abe

Akie Abe (, "Abe Akie"; Matsuzaki; born 10 June 1962) is a Japanese radio DJ. She is the widow of former Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe. This means, she was the Spouse of the Prime Minister of Japan twice from 2006 until 2007 and again from 2012 until 2020.

Abe was the first spouse of a Japanese prime minister to actively use social media, and was active on Facebook and Instagram.

She married Abe in 1987. They were married until Shinzo Abe's assassination in 2022.

Victim (1961 movie)

Victim is a 1961 British psychological crime thriller movie directed by Basil Dearden and starring Dirk Bogarde, Sylvia Syms, Dennis Price, Nigel Stock, Peter McEnery, Donald Churchill, Anthony Nicholls, Hilton Edwards, Charles Lloyd-Peck, Peter Copley, Norman Bird, Frank Thornton.


Balika Vadhu

Anandhi also known as Balika Vadhu is an Indian TV series broadcasted by Colors TV. The story focused on Anandhi (casted by Avika Gor, Pratyusha Banarjee and Toral Rasputra) and Jagdish (casted by Shashank Vyas and Shakti Anand), where finding love in earlier years.

Nadia Hilker

Nadia Hilker (born 1 December 1988) is a German actress and model. She was known for her roles in "Spring" (2014), "The 100" (2016–2017), and "The Walking Dead" (2018–2022).


National Rifle Association (United Kingdom)

The National Rifle Association (NRA) is a charity in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1859. It is completely different from the National Rifle Association of America. Its purpose is to teach people how to use guns safely and to shoot accurately. The association owns the National Shooting Centre at Bisley in Surrey.

The National Rifle Association started in 1859, based on Wimbledon Common.

Its aim was to raise money for a shooting competition each year (now called the Imperial Meeting) "for the promotion of marksmanship in the interests of Defence of the Realm and permanence of the Volunteer Forces, Navy, Military and Air". Today the association runs competitions and teaches firearm safety.

The National Shooting Centre is owned by the National Rifle Association. The first centre was at Wimbledon, but it was too small and in the late 1880s the Association began looking for a new site. In 1888 it seemed that Cannock Chase would be the new place. However, that plan failed. Eventually Bisley in Surrey was selected. The shooting ranges at Bisley were used for the shooting competitions at the 1908 and 1948 Olympic Games and at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.



Keenen Ivory Wayans

Keenen Ivory Desuma Wayans (born June 8, 1958) is an American actor, comedian, and filmmaker. He first became known as the host and the creator of the 1990–1994 Fox sketch comedy series "In Living Color". He directed "Scary Movie" (2000). From 1997 to 1998, he hosted the talk show "The Keenen Ivory Wayans Show". He also directed the 2004 comedy movie "White Chicks".

Bruno Pezzey

Bruno Edmund Pezzey (3 February 1955 – 31 December 1994) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a defender and is regarded one of Austria's best defenders of all times.

Pezzey began in the youth of FC Lauterach in Vorarlberg. His professional career started at FC Vorarlberg. Then he moved to FC Wacker Innsbruck With Innsbruck he won two league titles and a cup. In 1978 he went to the Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt In this time he won the UEFA Cup and a DFB-Pokal. Then he spent four seasons with Werder Bremen. He returned to Innsbruck in 1987 and won two league titles and a domestic cup.

Pezzey made his debut for Austria in June 1975 against Czechoslovakia and played at the 1978 FIFA World Cup and 1982 FIFA World Cup. In the 1982 World Cup he scored Austria's first goal in the 2–2 draw with Northern Ireland in Madrid. He played 84 matches and shot nine goals. His last match was an August 1990 friendly match against Switzerland.
He was assistance coach for the Austrian U21 national team from 1991 till 1993. The next season he was headcoach of the team.

Pezzey died of heart failure in a hospital on New Year's Eve 1994 after playing in a game of ice hockey short before his 40th birthday. He left behind his wife and two daughters. His youth club, FC Lauterach, named its ground in his honour.Also the Award of the VdF (Vereinigung der Fußballspieler- Union of Football Players) is named after him.

Wacker Innsbruck

Eintracht Frankfurt

Swarovski Tirol

Scinax jolyi

Scinax jolyi is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, in French Guiana.

Scinax tigrinus

Scinax tigrinus is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 28.4 to 30.8 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has orange-yellow color on its back legs.

Barßel

Barßel is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Barßel has 13 districts:

Zorro Rides Again

Zorro Rides Again is a Western movie from 1937. It is about a villain trying to steal a new railroad. It was directed by William Witney and John English. It stars John Carroll, Reed Howes, Duncan Renaldo, Noah Beery Sr., Edmund Cobb, Nigel De Brulier.


Moonbase

A lunar base, moon base, or lunar colony is a theoretical research station, resort or similar establishment on the Moon. As the Moon is only 360,000 kilometers or 250,000 statute miles away from the Earth, it would make an ideal test bed for settlements on other planets and natural satellites. Arguably the best moon colony option would be to place it within one of the Moon's lava tubes, where it would be protected from radiation, micrometeorites, and the wild temperature swings due to the lack of any substantial atmosphere and the lunar day being 672 hours long.

Research station

A research station is a base used for scientific research and experimentation. Dozens are located in Antarctica and all existing space stations are research facilities.

Regolith

Regolith is the dirt or "soil" on a planet or moon other than Earth. Regolith is primarily rocky in composition.

Cloud nine

Cloud nine is a cloud city concept designed by Buckminster Fuller. The structure would consist of two geodesic domes connected to form a sphere 1.6 kilometers \ 1 statute mile in diameter with living area for one million people. The geodesic sphere would be held aloft by the interior being slightly warmer than the outside air.

Cloud city

A cloud city, cloud colony or cloud island is a theoretical settlement suspended in an atmosphere. Cloud islands have been proposed for the colonization of Venus as well as the gas giant planets of our solar system.

Colonization of Venus

The colonization of Venus is the concept of the building and permanent occupation of settlements and research stations on Venus. Unlike Mars or the Moon, residing on the surface would be out of the question because of temperatures that exceed 400°c\840°f and atmospheric pressures 92 times more than that at sea level on Earth, as learned from the Soviet Union's venera probes. Thus all habitats on Venus will have to be in cloud city form. There's an altitude range on Venus where temperatures and pressures are similar to those in low-lying deserts on Earth, albeit without oxygen and with an abundance of sulfuric acid. This somewhat habitable region is 50kilometers \ 30miles above the ground. Venusian cloud colonies would have the advantage of local gravity being of a similar strength to Earth's gravity, meaning none of the complications of microgravity. A disadvantage of Venus as opposed to other colonization targets is the planet's lack of water in any phase, thus would have to be imported from elsewhere.

Microgravity

microgravity, zero gravity or weightlessness is the apparent absence of gravity such as that in freefall, outer space, or rapid deceleration. The lack of gravity is only an illusion.

Defense Distributed

Defense Distributed is a private defense contractor with open source software that specializes in 3D printing of weapons.


T.I.M.E.

T.I.M.E. is the second and final studio album by Leaders of the New School. The album was released on October 12, 1993.

Domed city

A domed city is a theoretical human settlement covered inside one or more geodesic domes. They could make great submarine habitats, space settlements such as lunar bases, Mars settlements etc.

Montreal Biosphere

The Montreal Biosphere () is one of the oldest geodesic domes on Earth. It was built as the American pavilion for the 1967 Worlds Fair in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was designed by the American engineer, Buckminster Fuller.

March on Rome

The March on Rome was the uprising that lead to the fascists seizing power in Italy.

Pied-à-terre

A pied-a-terre (French for "foot on the ground") is a dwelling unit, especially a small apartment that someone uses during the work week if their primary residence is located very far from their job in a major city. Pieds-a-terre are usually inhabited by those with high-paying corporate jobs.

United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs

The United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA) is part of the United Nations Secretariat.

Dwayne Leverock

Russell Dwayne Mark Leverock (born 14 July 1971) is a former Bermudian cricketer. He played 34 One-day internationals and 2 Twenty20 Internationals for Bermuda at the 2007 Cricket World Cup. He is considered to be the heaviest person to play international cricket. He is the uncle of cricketer Kamau Leverock.


Scinax manriquei

The Manrique snouted tree frog ("Scinax manriquei") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Colombia. It lives in the lower parts of the Andes mountains, between 1400 and 1700 meters above sea level.

This frog is yellow in color. It has two stripes on its back.

Barry

Barry may refer to:


Deep End (movie)

Deep End is a 1970 British German psychological drama movie directed by Jerzy Skolimowski and starring Jane Asher, John Moulder-Brown, Karl Michael Vogler, Chris Sandford, Diana Dors, Burt Kwouk, Erica Beer, Cheryl Hall. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jonathan Barry

Jonathan Renaldo Barry was born 20 June, 1988. He is a Bahamian cricketer who played 2 Twenty20 Internationals for Bahamas national cricket team in November 2021.


Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth

Operating manual for Spaceship Earth is a book by Buckminster Fuller that is written in the same format as an owner's manual and relates planet Earth to a spacecraft and how Earthians can best steward this ship.

Critical path

Critical path is a book by Buckminster Fuller to accompany Operating manual for Spaceship Earth. The book theorizes an alternate explanation for human prehistory and spirituality, criticizes corporatism, and advocates a post-scarcity economy.

Luis Ramirez de Lucena

Luis Ramírez de Lucena (c. 1465 – c. 1530) was a Spanish chess player.


Curb Servin'

Curb Servin' is the second and final studio album by WC and the Maad Circle. The album was released on October 3, 1995.

Ballot box

A ballot box is a sealed container for completed ballots, which prevents access to the ballots cast until the ballots are delivered to the official counting location. One goal of a ballot box is to keep each vote anonymous, by preventing tampering with ballots before the official tabulation.

Constitution of the Year III

The Constitution of the Year III was a constitution established in 1795 in France, superceding the French Constitution of 1791 and the French Constitution of 1793. It only remained in effect until the "Coup of 18 Brumaire" in March 1799, at which point Napoleon Bonaparte became rulor of France.

What About Bob?

What About Bob? is a 1991 American black comedy movie directed by Frank Oz and starring Bill Murray, Richard Dreyfuss, Julie Hagerty, Charlie Korsmo, Susan Willis, Tom Aldredge. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures and was a box office success.


The Open Door

The Open Door is the second studio album by Evanescence. The album was released on October 3, 2006.

Fendi

Fendi () is an Italian luxury fashion house.

Player of the season (Austria)

Player of the season is an individual honour for the best player of the last season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
There were different elections to choose the best player. The most important ones are the VdF- Fußballerwahl and the APA Fußballerwahl 

OK Soda

OK Soda is a discontinued soft drink created by The Coca-Cola Company in 1993.

List of Germany Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of German Twenty20 International cricketers.

Scinax curicica

The lanceback tree frog ("Scinax curicica") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil.

This frog is brown or gray in color. It has a mark between its eyes. It has two stripes down its back. The insides of its back legs are bright yellow.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Scinax duartei".

Jigelu Rani

"Jigelu Rani" is a 2018 Indian Telugu-language song composed by Devi Sri Prasad for the soundtrack of the 2018 movie Rangasthalam sung by Rela Kumar and Ganta Venkata Lakshmi, with lyrics written by Chandrabose. It was released on 27 March 2018 as the first single from the album, through Lahari Music.

The song was also released in Kannada as "Jil Jil Jilebi Rani". The hook step dance involving Pooja Hegde became popular.

It was composed by Devi Sri Prasad from the 2018 soundtrack album "Rangasthalam" of the film of the same name. The song is written by Chandrabose. Music video was choreographed by Jani Master. The song features Pooja Hegde as lead, along with Ram Charan. 

The song was released as the lead single along with the soundtrack album on 27 March 2018. The music video was released on 27 March 2018 and has 265 million views on YouTube, .

The song debuted on Mirchi Music Top 20 countdown on 11 May 2018. It stayed on the chart for 8 weeks. It became the top-streamed songs of JioSaavn in their "Most Popular Item Songs".

On June 2018, Rela Kumar and Ganta Venkata Lakshmi performed the song at the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa.


Zorro's Fighting Legion

Zorro’s Fighting Legion is a 1939 American western movie. It is about Zorro’s alter ego fighting a villain. The real person Benito Juarez is a character in the movie, but just a minor one (not very important). It was directed by William Witney and John English.


Andreeva Bay

Andreeva Bay is a bay in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. The bay is a radioactive waste repository (or a place to store things).

As of 2022, the cleaning up of nuclear waste is not complete; Russian authorities said in May 2022 that half of the nuclear waste has been cleaned up in the last 5 years.

The bay became a radioactive waste repository in 1961. The bay is 55 km (34 mi) northwest of Murmansk (city) and 60 km (37 mi) from the Norwegian border, on the western shore of the ().

In February 1982, the happened.

In 2022, NRK.no published a photo of a crane; The website says that the crane has removed half of the nuclear waste from the bay.

Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade

Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade (17 September 1947 – 29 May 2022) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He was a judge on the International Court of Justice, beginning his term on 6 February 2009. Cançado Trindade was a professor at Utrecht University's Netherlands Institute of Human Rights (SIM). He was reelected to the Court in December 2017. Cançado Trindade was born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.

Cançado Trindade died on 29 May 2022 in Brasília, Brazil at the age of 74.

Tarzan Goto

, better known by his ring name , was a Japanese professional wrestler. He wrestled on the independent circuit most of his career. He was best known for his steel cage matches in Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW).

Goto died from liver cancer on May 29, 2022 at the age of 58.

Friedrich Christian Delius

Friedrich Christian Delius (13 February 1943 – 30 May 2022), also known as F.C. Delius, was a German writer. He published more than a dozen novels and a number of poetry collections. His work has been translated into more then 20 languages. He won numerous German literary prizes including the Joseph Breitbach Prize, the Georg Büchner Prize, and the Critics Prize.

Delius died on 30 May 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 79.

Craig Farrell (footballer)

Craig Wayne Farrell (5 December 1982 – 30 May 2022) was an English professional footballer. He played as a forward in the Football League for Carlisle United and York City. He was born in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire. His career began in 1991 and he retired in 2015.

Farrell died on 30 May 2022 at the age of 39.

Jeff Gladney

Jeff Gladney (December 12, 1996 – May 30, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for two seasons from 2020 until 2022 for the Minnesota Vikings and Arizona Cardinals. Gladney played college football for the TCU Horned Frogs. Gladney was born in New Boston, Texas.

Gladney was killed in a car crash in Dallas, Texas on May 30, 2022 at the age of 25.

Milton Gonçalves

Milton Gonçalves (; 9 December 1933 – 30 May 2022) was a Brazilian actor, political activist and television director. He was one of the most famous black actors in Brazil. He was known for playing a police chief in "Kiss of the Spider Woman". Gonçalves was born in Monte Santo de Minas, Minas Gerais, Brazil. In the 1990s, he ran for Governor of Rio de Janeiro state.

Gonçalves died on 30 May 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from problems caused by a stroke, aged 88.

Vincent Ryan (priest)

Vincent Gerard Ryan (22 April 1938 – 30 May 2022) was an Australian Catholic priest who was convicted of sexually abusing 37 children. He was first charged in October 1995 and sentenced to 14 years imprisonment. Ryan was the first Catholic priest in the Newcastle, New South Wales, region to be charged with child sexual abuse. He was one of the first in the world to be convicted of such abuse.

Ryan died on 30 May 2022 at the age of 84.

Jacques N'Guea

Jacques N'Guea Énongué (8 November 1955 – 31 May 2022) was a Cameroonian footballer. He played as a forward. He played for the Cameroon national team between 1977 and 1984. He took part in Cameroon's first FIFA World Cup in 1982. He also played for Ouragan de Loum and Canon Yaoundé.

N'Guea died in Yaoundé, Cameroon on 31 May 2022, aged 66, after a long-illness.

Bhim Singh (politician)

Bhim Singh (17 August 1941 – 31 May 2022) was an Indian politician, activist, lawyer and author. He was the founder, President and Chief Patron of the Jammu and Kashmir National Panthers Party (JKNPP). He was a member of the Lok Sabha for a short time in 1988. He was a member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly from 1977 until 1987. Singh was born in Ramnagar, then-British Raj.

Until his death, Singh was seen as a potential candidate for President or Vice President of India in the 2022 elections.

Singh died on 31 May 2022 from a long-illness at his home in Jammu, India at aged 80.

Carlo Smuraglia

Carlo Smuraglia (12 August 1923 – 30 May 2022) was an Italian politician, academic, lawyer and partisan. He was the President of National Association of Italian Partisans from 2011 to 2017. Before, he was a Member of the Senate from 1992 until 2001. Smuraglia was born in Ancona, Italy.

Smuraglia died on 30 May 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 98.

The Hard Ride

The Hard Ride is an action movie from 1971. It is about a U.S. Marine. He promises to take care of a dead friend's motorcycle. Then he is threatened by a gang of bikers. The movie was written and directed by Burt Topper. It stars Robert Fuller, Sherry Bain, and Tony Russel.

The soundtrack has a version of "Swing Low Sweet Chariot" on it. 

The Brothers (1972 TV series)

The Brothers is a British TV show. It is about a person who drives things to different places. When he dies, his family has to deal with their sadness and his road hauling business. It ran from 10 March, 1972 to 19 December, 1976 for 7 seasons and 92 episodes and was created by Gerard Glaister. It was originally played by Glyn Owen and then by Patrick O'Connell.

Full details on The Brothers plus episode guide can be found at the Colin Baker website http://www.colinbakeronline.com

Mesquite, Nevada

Mesquite is a city in Clark County, Nevada, United States, near the Arizona state line and northeast of Las Vegas on Interstate 15. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 20,471. 

Santa Clara, Utah

Santa Clara is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States and is a part of the St. George Metropolitan Area. The population was 7,553 at the 2020 census, up from 6,003 at the 2010 census.

Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines

Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is an action movie from 2003. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger. The plot is about time travel. The villains want to use time travel to make machines take over the world, but the Terminator is sent to stop that from happening.


Colin Campbell (lawyer)

Sir Colin Murray Campbell (26 December 1944 – 20 May 2022) was a Scottish lawyer and academic. He was the Vice Chancellor of the University of Nottingham. He retired as vice chancellor of the University of Nottingham in September 2008. He was appointed in 1988 as the country's youngest vice chancellor at the age of 43.

Campbell died on 20 May 2022, aged 77.

Jim Parks (cricketer, born 1931)

James Michael Parks (21 October 1931 – 31 May 2022) was an English cricketer. He played in forty six Tests for England, between 1954 and 1968. Parks was born in Haywards Heath, Sussex, England. His career began in 1949 and he retired in 1976. He played for Sussex County Cricket Club and Somerset County Cricket Club.

Parks died on 31 May 2022 from problems caused by a fall in Worthing, West Sussex, aged 90.

KK (singer)

Krishnakumar Kunnath (23 August 1968 – 31 May 2022) popularly known as KK, was an Indian playback singer. He recorded many songs for movies, such as "Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam", "Humraaz" and "Om Shanti Om". Kunnath was born in New Delhi, India. His career began in 1996.

Kunnath died from cardiac arrest while performing at a hotel in Kolkata, India on 31 May 2022, aged 53.

Hankuk University of Foreign Studies

Hankuk University of Foreign Studies (abbreviated as HUFS; Korean: 한국외국어대학교) is a private research university in Seoul, in South Korea. They are seen as one of the best universities in South Korea. The university currently teaches 45 foreign languages. It also teaches studies in humanities, law, social sciences, business, medical science, natural sciences, and engineering.

Wiliame Katonivere

Ratu Wiliame Maivalili Katonivere (born 20 April 1964) is a Fijian chief and politician who is the president of Fiji since 2021. He has also been the chief of Macuata Province since 2013, replacing his older brother Aisea Katonivere. He also played a role in conservation initiatives of Fiji's Great Sea Reef.

Cookie Jar Group

Cookie Jar Group was a Canadian media production and distribution company. Micheline Charest and Ronald A. Weinberg started it in 1976 in the United States as just a distributor. In 1984 they moved to Montreal and started to make children's TV series. The company made series including "Papa Beaver's Storytime", "The Cat Tales", "The Babaloos", "Wimzie's House", "The Little Lulu Show", "", "The Adventures of Paddington Bear", "The Animal Crackers", "The Secret World of Santa Claus", "Mumble Bumble" and "Mona the Vampire". DHX Media bought the company in 2012.

The company's original name was CINAR. It changed its name in 2004 to Cookie Jar Group. In 2014 it became DHX Cookie Jar Inc.


Kamisese Mara

Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, CF, GCMG, KBE (6 May 1920 – 18 April 2004) was a Fijian politician. He was the Chief Minister from 1967 to 1970. He was the first Prime Minister from 1970 to 1992. He later was President from 1993 to 2000. He is seen as the founding father of the modern nation of Fiji.

Josefa Iloilo

Ratu Josefa Iloilovatu Uluivuda, CF, MBE, MSD, KStJ (29 December 1920 – 6 February 2011) was a Fijian politician. He was the 3rd President of Fiji from 2000 until 2009.

Penaia Ganilau

Ratu Sir Penaia Kanatabatu Ganilau (28 July 1918 – 15 December 1993) was the first President of Fiji, serving from 8 December 1987 until his death in 1993. He was Governor-General of Fiji from 12 February 1983 to 15 October 1987.

Ganilau died on 15 December 1993 in Washington, D.C. from sepsis caused by leukemia at the age of 75.

Bridget A. Brink

Bridget Ann Brink is an American politician. She is the United States Ambassador to Ukraine since 2022.

In April 2022, she was nominated by President Joe Biden to be the United States ambassador to Ukraine. She was the United States Ambassador to Slovakia from August 20, 2019 until May 2022 during the Donald Trump and Biden administration.

Newbie and the Disasternauts

Newbie and the Disasternauts (also known as Newbie, The Hero) or The Disasternauts in US titles, is a Brazilian-American animated comic science fiction parody television series aired in originally from 2010-2012 and rest of the English-language episodes in 2011-2013, an blatant example between inspired by American cartoons such as Cartoon Network and Nicktoons-style with frequent parodies other series in general. In the United States, it is currently aired shown on Starz Kids and Family since April 1, 2013.

Newbie takes over by adventures.


Neil Parish

Neil Quentin Gordon Parish (born 26 May 1956) is a British farmer and former Conservative politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Tiverton and Honiton from 2010 to 2022. He was a member of the European Parliament for South West England from 1999 to 2009. 

In April 2022, Parish had the Conservative party whip suspended and eventually resigned as MP after admitting to watching pornography during a commons meeting.

Patrick Godfrey

Patrick Lindesay Archibald Godfrey (born 13 February 1933) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in "A Room with a View", "The Remains of the Day", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "The Count of Monte Cristo", "Dimensions" and "Les Misérables".

Amanda Walker

Amanda Galafres Patterson Walker (born 29 November 1935) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "28 Weeks Later", "Heat and Dust", "A Room with a View", "Pollyanna" and "Churchill and the Generals".

Lia Thomas

Lia Catherine Thomas (born ) is an American swimmer. She was a student at the University of Pennsylvania. She is the first openly transgender athlete to win an NCAA Division I national championship, having won the women's 500-yard freestyle event in 2022. During her swimming career, Thomas has been part of the public debate about transgender women in women's sports. 

Boston Police Department

The Boston Police Department is the main law enforcement agency in Boston, Massachusetts. There are currently 2,144 sworn uniform police personnel and 569 civilian members. They also have 33 K-9s.


Scinax rupestris

Scinax rupestris is a frog. It lives in Goiás in Brazil. It lives more than 1000 meters above sea level. It lives in small rivers near where there is quartzite rock in the ground.

The adult male frog is 21.9 to 27.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.7 to 31.7 mm. The iris of its eye is bright yellow. There is a small, hard spike behind the jaw.

List of Diabolik Lovers episodes

"Diabolik Lovers" is a Japanese anime series based on the video game of the same name.

Oak Creek, Wisconsin

Oak Creek is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

South Milwaukee, Wisconsin

South Milwaukee is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

St. Francis, Wisconsin

St. Francis is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Wauwatosa, Wisconsin

Wauwatosa is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Auburn, Michigan

Auburn is a city in Bay County, Michigan, United States.

Essexville, Michigan

Essexville is a city in Bay County, Michigan, United States.

Pinconning, Michigan

Pinconning is a city in Bay County, Michigan, United States.

Frankfort, Michigan

Frankfort is a city in Benzie County, Michigan, United States.

Silver Jews

Silver Jews is an American indie rock band formed in 1989.


East Lyme, Connecticut

East Lyme is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Franklin, Connecticut

Franklin is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Lebanon, Connecticut

Lebanon is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Ledyard, Connecticut

Ledyard is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Lisbon, Connecticut

Lisbon is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Lyme, Connecticut

Lyme is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

North Stonington, Connecticut

North Stonington is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Preston, Connecticut

Preston is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Sprague, Connecticut

Sprague is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Stonington, Connecticut

Stonington is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Voluntown, Connecticut

Voluntown is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Ellington, Connecticut

Ellington is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Hebron, Connecticut

Hebron is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Somers, Connecticut

Somers is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Stafford, Connecticut

Stafford is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Union, Connecticut

Union is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Willington, Connecticut

Willington is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Pomfret, Connecticut

Pomfret is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States.

Lowville (village), New York

Lowville is the county seat of Lewis County, New York, United States

Bright Flight

Bright Flight is the fourth studio album by Silver Jews. The album was released on November 20, 2001.

Cardinal Richelieu (Amisani)

Cardinal Richelieu (also known as Richelieu) is a 19th-century painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, made in 1890, is kept in the Villa Necchi Campiglio of Milano in Italy.

Giuseppe Amisani's work portrays Cardinal Richelieu.


El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)

'"El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)"', is the ninth episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 5, 1997. 
In the episode, Homer eats several hot chili peppers and hallucinates. It causes him to go on a mysterious travel. Following this, he questions his relationship with Marge. He also goes on a journey to find his soulmate.
"El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)" was written by Garland Testa and directed by Anthony Lioi. The episode explores themes of marriage, community, and alcohol use. Homer's voyage features surreal animation to depict the elaborate hallucination. The episode guest stars Johnny Cash as the "Space Coyote".

Benjamín Vicuña

Benjamín Vicuña Luco (born November 29, 1978) is a Chilean film, theater and television actor and businessman, who has developed his career in Chile as well as in Argentina and Spain. Together with Gonzalo Valenzuela, he is the founder of the Mori Cultural Center. He was selected as the seventh best Chilean actor of all time by the "Chile Elige" list, in 2006.
He is the youngest of the four children of Juan Pablo Vicuña Parot and Isabel Luco Morandé —the others are: Carolina (psychologist), María José (painter) and Juan Pablo (architect)—.  His parents separated when he was 4 years old and his mother remarried Oussama Aboughazal. 

Upon finishing school, he entered the theater career at the University of Chile.  There he discovered his companions, with whom he would later form "El Hijo", a theater company that has staged works such as "El lugar comun", "Sala de urgencies", "Ifigenia", "Cuec@" and "La mujer gallina". At this stage of his life, he also experienced "street theater", encouraged by the masters of Chilean theater: Fernando González, Alfredo Castro, Rodrigo Pérez and Ramón Griffero, to name a few.


Josh Weinstein

'"Josh Weinstein"' (born May 5, 1966) is an American television writer and producer, known for his work on the animated comedy series The Simpsons and Steven Universe. Weinstein and Bill Oakley.

Helter Shelter (The Simpsons)

'"Helter Shelter"' is the 5th episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 1, 2002.

Allen Glazier

Allen Glazier is an American writer. He has written four episodes of The Simpsons King of the Hill, all with Dan Greaney.

Bob Mothersbaugh

Robert Leroy Mothersbaugh, Jr. (; born August 11, 1952), or by his stage name "Bob 1", is an American songwriter, composer, musician and singer.

Mothersbaugh's music career spans more than 40 years. He became famous in the late 1970s as lead guitarist and occasional lead singer of the new wave band Devo, which released a Top 20 hit in 1980 with the single "Whip It". The band has maintained a cult following throughout its existence. He is the younger brother of co-founder and lead singer Mark Mothersbaugh.

A Future Without a Past...

A Future Without a Past... is the debut studio album by Leaders of the New School. The album was released on July 2, 1991.

Observatoire de Haute-Provence

Observatoire de Haute-Provence ("Observatory of Haute-Provence" in French) is the main astronomical observatory in the southeast of France. It is about from Marseilles and east of Avignon. The four main telescopes have diameters between . They discover exoplanets, asteroids, etc.

Mikuláš Dzurinda

Mikuláš Dzurinda (born 4 February 1956) is a Slovak politician who was the Prime Minister of Slovakia from 30 October 1998 to 4 July 2006.

He is the founder and leader of the Slovak Democratic Coalition (SDK) and then the Slovak Democratic and Christian Union. From 2002 to 2006, his party formed a coalition government with the Christian Democratic Movement, the Alliance of the New Citizen and the Party of the Hungarian Coalition. 
He carried out reforms included flat tax 19%, pension reform (second pillar), education financing reform (except colleges and universities). During his term Slovakia joined both the European Union and NATO.

Ain't a Damn Thang Changed

Ain't a Damn Thang Changed is the debut studio album by WC and the Maad Circle. The album was released on September 17, 1991. The music on the album is about life in Los Angeles for African Americans.

Mickey's Polo Team

Mickey's Polo Team is a 1936 American animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. The cartoon shows a game of polo played by four Disney characters, led by Mickey Mouse, and four cartoon versions of real-life movie stars. It was directed by David Hand and was first released on January 4, 1936. It was the 80th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, and the first of that year.


Gulliver Mickey

Gulliver Mickey is a black and white short cartoon in the "Mickey Mouse" series. It was produced by Walt Disney and released by United Artists in 1934. It was the 66th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, and the fourth of that year.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Jungle Rhythm

Jungle Rhythm is a Mickey Mouse short animated movie. It was released on November 15, 1929, as part of the "Mickey Mouse" movie series. It was the thirteenth Mickey Mouse short to be made, the tenth of that year.

The short was released on December 7, 2004, on "".


List of West Indies Test cricketers

This is a list of West Indian Test cricketers. A Test match is an international cricket match between two of the leading cricketing nations. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his Test cap. Those players who won their first Test cap in the same Test match as other players who had such a win, are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 27 March 2022.

Notes: 



Daddy Duck

Daddy Duck is a 1948 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".


List of Oman ODI cricketers

A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. Oman earned One Day International (ODI) in April 2019 as a result of their performance at the 2019 ICC World Cricket League Division Two (WCL2). Oman's first ODI match was the final of the WCL2 against Namibia on 27 April 2019.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Craig of the Creek

Craig of the Creek is an American animated television series. It was created by Matt Burnett and Ben Levin for Cartoon Network. The show's pilot episode debuted directly on the official app on December 1, 2017. The series premiered online on February 19, 2018, with a double-premiere event airing on March 30, 2018. The series received mostly positive reviews from fans and critics.

The show's music is composed by Jeff Rosenstock.

Mickey's Rival

Mickey's Rival is a 1936 Mickey Mouse short film. It was directed by Wilfred Jackson and produced by Walt Disney. It introduces the character of Mortimer Mouse. It was the 84th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, the fifth of that year.





Moving Day (movie)

Moving Day is a 1936 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.


The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


NickMom

NickMom was a nighttime programming block. It was owned by Viacom Media Networks. It was aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from October 1, 2012 to September 28, 2015. At this time, children would normally be sleeping. The block broadcasted comedy programming for adults, particularly mothers.

The NickMom block lasted for almost three years, ending its run on September 28, 2015. The NickMom website was also closed, and the domain now redirects to the parental resources section of Nick.com.

Mickey's Circus

Mickey's Circus is an animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released August 1, 1936. Known crew include director Ben Sharpsteen and animators Milt Kahl, Frank Thomas, Al Eugster, Shamus Culhane, and Errol Gray. It was the 87th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, the eighth of that year.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".


Republican Proposal

Republican Proposal (Spanish: "Propuesta Republicana") is a centre-right political party in Argentina. It is usually called PRO, which is its abbreviation. PRO was formed in 2005 as an electoral alliance, or group of political parties that work together in elections. It was transformed into a national party in 2010. It is the biggest party in the Cambiemos coalition, and its leader is Patricia Bullrich.

Logo TV

Logo TV (often shortened to Logo, and stylized as Logo.) is a American basic cable channel. It is owned by Paramount Media Networks, a division of Paramount Global. Launched in 2005, Logo was originally dedicated to lifestyle and entertainment programming targeting LGBT audiences. As of January 2016, about 50 million households receive Logo.The TV channel is same like an icon.

Life Ante Itta Vundaala

"Life Ante Itta Vundaala" is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language song by singers Geetha Madhuri and Rahul Sipligunj. The song features Pooja Hegde as lead, alongside Venkatesh and Varun Tej.

It was composed by Devi Sri Prasad from the 2018 soundtrack album "F3" of the film of the same name. The song is written by Kasarla Shyam. The song features Pooja Hegde as lead, alongside Venkatesh and Varun Tej.

The song was released on 17 May 2022. The song received positive response.

Apple &amp; Onion

Apple & Onion is an American animated television series. It was created by George Gendi for Cartoon Network. The series is produced by Cartoon Network Studios. The series is a surreal comedy which focuses on its titular characters Apple and Onion and their adventures in a settlement inhabited by anthropomorphic food.

Parkland Memorial Hospital

Parkland Memorial Hospital is a hospital in Dallas, Texas, United States.

Baby Looney Tunes

Baby Looney Tunes is an American animated television series depicting toddler versions of "Looney Tunes" characters. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
In 1997, Warner Bros. Animation announced the show as an upcoming series. In January 2001, they ended production and the pilot aired on June 3, 2001. They restarted production 5 days later and re-ended production; and the show started as a full series on July 28, 2001.

Underscoring for the series was written by veteran animation composers Steven and Julie Bernstein. They were nominated for a Daytime Emmy (Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition) in 2006. They also composed the score for the Easter movie, "Baby Looney Tunes' Eggs-traordinary Adventure", writing the music and lyrics for the featured songs.

Warner Home Video has released 15 of the 53 episodes of "Baby Looney Tunes", including the DVD of the only "Baby Looney Tunes" movie: "Eggs-traordinary Adventure".

In the United Kingdom, 4 volumes were released on DVD from July 15, 2013. Each disc contains 4 half-hour episodes.



Scinax constrictus

Scinax constrictus is a frog. It lives in Brazil and Bolivia.

Continental Airlines Flight 1713

Continental Airlines Flight 1713 crashed while taking off during a snow storm from Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado on November 15, 1987. The Douglas DC-9-14 was operated by Continental Airlines and was a scheduled flight to Boise, Idaho. Twenty-five passengers and three crew members died in the accident.

Flight 1713 was scheduled to depart Denver at 12:25 PM, but many flights out of Denver had been delayed due to inclement weather. The flight was cleared to take off at 2 :14 PM local time.

As the plane was taking off, it began to veer violently; the plane descended and the left wing hit the ground, causing the wing to sever. The left side of the plane and the flight deck hit the ground afterward and the plane continued to roll upside down. Of the 82 occupants on board (77 passengers and 5 crew), 28 died while 54 survived. Most of the passengers who died were in the midsection of the plane. When the plane left, the left side tilted until it touched the tail when it was inverted; this caused the midsection of the plane to dent and crush many of the passengers on board. Fitzsimmons' Army Medical Facility sent its personnel to assist in triaging the wounded. Of the passengers who died, sixteen did so from some kind of trauma and twelve died from mechanical asphyxiation.

Of the passengers who survived, twenty-four suffered minor injuries and twenty-seven suffered serious injuries.


Modal dispersion

Modal Dispersion occurs when light travels at different times across fibre optic cables due to light traveling at different distances. This is caused in wider cables where light can be reflected in walls a lot (more distance) or they can go straight line (shortest distance).

The Mad Doctor (1933 movie)

The Mad Doctor is a Mickey Mouse cartoon released in 1933. It is known as the first appearance of the title character "The Mad Doctor", or "Dr. XXX". It was the 52nd Mickey Mouse short film, and the second of that year.

R'coon Dawg

R'coon Dawg is a 1951 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney and directed by Charles August Nichols. It was the 123rd short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the only one produced that year.

Even though this cartoon belongs to the Mickey Mouse series, and Mickey Mouse is shown in hunting gear, Pluto is the main character.

Mickey and Pluto are hunting a raccoon, who is quite clever and intends to make fun of his pursuers.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

A Knight for a Day

A Knight for a Day is a 1946 Disney short film starring Goofy. It is based on the novel "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". Directed by Jack Hannah, this 7-minute animated comedy short was scripted by Bill Peet.


This short is included on the VHS releases of "Here's Goofy" and "The Sword in the Stone" and the DVD releases of "Volume 3: The Prince & The Pauper" and "The Sword in the Stone".

Symphony Hour

Symphony Hour is a 1942 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The cartoon depicts Mickey Mouse conducting a symphony orchestra sponsored by Pete. The film was directed by Riley Thomson and features music adapted from the "Light Cavalry Overture" by Franz von Suppé. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey, Billy Bletcher as Pete, and John McLeish as a radio announcer. It was the 117th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the second for that year.


Donald Duck and others have no dialogue in film.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Call of Duty: Finest Hour

Call Of Duty: Finest Hour is a WW2 war shooter. The game launched on November 16, 2004, it was a spin-off of the first Call of Duty, which sets the stage for World War II. It is the third video game in the series and the first to make the release to PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Xbox consoles. There is not a PC version.

Jean Lèques

Jean Lèques (31 August 1931 – 1 June 2022) was a New Caledonian politician. He was mayor of Nouméa from 1986 to 2014. From 1999 and 2001 he was the first president of the government of New Caledonia. Lèques was born in Nouméa. He was a member of The Rally–UMP.

Lèques died on 1 June 2022 in Nouméa, aged 90.

Walter Abish

Walter Abish (December 24, 1931 – May 28, 2022) was an Austrian-born American writer. He wrote many short-stories. He was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 1987. His best known works were "Alphabetical Africa" (1974) and "How German Is It" (1980).

Abish died on May 28, 2022 at a hospital in New York City, aged 90.

Fred Aftalion

Alfred Henri Aftalion (2 May 1922 – 24 May 2022), better known as Fred Aftalion, was a French chemical engineer. He was Vice-President of ALEPS, the Association pour la Liberté Economique et le Progrès Social. He also wrote about economics and politics and supported economic liberalism.

Aftalion died on 24 May 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 100.

Cali Cartel

The Cali Cartel () was a drug cartel in southern Colombia, around the city of Cali and the Valle del Cauca Department. Its founders were the brothers Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela and Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela, and José Santacruz Londoño. They broke away from Pablo Escobar and his Medellín cartel in the late 1980s.

When the Cali Cartel had high power from 1993 to 1995, they were seen as having control of over 80% of the world's cocaine market and were said to be directly responsible for the growth of the cocaine market in Europe, controlling 80% of the market there. By the mid-1990s, the Cali Cartel's international drug trafficking empire was a $7 billion a year.

Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela

Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Orejuela (born August 15, 1943) is a convicted Colombian drug lord. He was one of the leaders of the Cali Cartel. He is the younger brother of Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela. 

On March 11, 2005, Rodriguez Orejuela was extradited to the United States. On September 26, 2006, Rodríguez Orejuela was sentenced to 30 years in prison, after pleading guilty to charges of conspiring to import cocaine to the U.S. He is in a Pennsylvania prison.

Courtesy title

A courtesy title isn't a title that can be used legally, but is common in nobility.

John R. Davis Jr.

John Roger Davis Jr. (born July 25, 1927) is an American politician. From 1988 to 1990, he was the United States Ambassador to Poland during the Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush administrations. Later, from 1992 to 1994, he was the United States Ambassador to Romania during the Bush and Bill Clinton administrations. Davis Jr. was born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

Trappe, Maryland

Trappe is a town in Talbot County, Maryland, United States. The population was 1,177 at the 2020 census.

When You Dish Upon a Star

When You Dish Upon a Star is the fifth episode of tenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox Network in the United States on November 8, 1998. It was written by John Frink.

Bart Star

Bart Star is the sixth episode of ninth season of The Simpsons.

It originally aired on the Fox Network in the United States on November 9, 1997. It was written by Reid Harrison and directed by David Silverman.

Lloyd Doggett

Lloyd Alton Doggett II (born October 6, 1946) is an American attorney and politician. He is a U.S. representative from Texas from 1995 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Doggett was the only Democrat to represent any part of Austin in Congress.

Stephen McHattie

Stephen McHattie Smith (born February 3, 1946) is a Canadian actor. He won the Genie Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "The Rocket", and a Gemini Award for "Life with Billy".

Bob Peterson (filmmaker)

Robert Peterson (born January 18, 1961) is an American animator, screenwriter, storyboard supervisor, director and voice actor who works at Pixar. 
He was hired at Pixar by Roger Gould in 1994 as an animator for commercials, before subsequently becoming an animator on "Toy Story" (1995). He was the co-director for "Up" (2009), in which he also voiced the characters Dug and Alpha. He was a co-writer on "Finding Nemo" (2003) and "Cars 3" (2017).


Lloyd Nelson Hand

Lloyd Nelson Hand (born January 31, 1929) is an American lawyer and former political aide. He was the Chief of Protocol of the United States from 1965 until 1966.

Tyler Abell

Tyler Abell (born 9 August 1932) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Chief of Protocol of the United States during the Lyndon B. Johnson presidency from 1968 until 1969.

Matilda (2022 movie)

Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical (or simply known as Matilda) is a 2022 American-British musical fantasy movie. It is a movie based on "Matilda the Musical" which is in turn based on the children's novel by Roald Dahl. It is the second film adaption of it after the 1996 film adaption of it. "Matilda the Musical" had its world premiere at the BFI London Film Festival on 5 October 2022, and was theatrically released in the United Kingdom on 25 November 2022, by Sony Pictures Releasing International through TriStar Pictures, while in the United States, the film was released on 9 December 2022, in addition to being available to stream on Netflix on 25 December. The film received positive reviews from critics, with particular praise for Thompson's performance.

While other parents adore their newborn children, Mrs Wormwood is distraught to learn she is pregnant and in labor. To Mr Wormwood's confusion, she has a girl, Matilda. Despite her parents' disdain, Matilda grows into a sweet child who loves reading books and visits Mrs Phelps, the librarian, every day. Upon discovering that Matilda has not been properly schooled, Miss Jennifer Honey and an inspector visit the house to suggest Matilda be sent to Crunchem Hall. Angry at the fine, Mr Wormwood warns the headmistress, Miss Agatha Trunchbull, about Matilda. In retaliation, Matilda tricks him into dyeing his hair green.

On her way to school, Matilda tells Mrs Phelps her story about an escapologist who falls in love with and marries an acrobat. When the school bell rings, Matilda befriends a new girl named Lavender. They are taught to fear the school and Miss Trunchbull by Hortensia, an older student, and the prefects along with the rest of the students at Crunchem Hall. In Miss Honey's class, Matilda solves a complex maths equation on the board and confesses that she loves reading most of all. Miss Honey tries to convince Miss Trunchbull to move Matilda to a more advanced class, and Miss Trunchbull refuses to let Matilda be an exception to the rules.

At home, Matilda criticizes her father, who furiously rips her library book apart and wrongly sends Matilda to her room. In the morning, she glues his hat to his head in retaliation. At school, Matilda leads the students in protecting Nigel from being wrongfully punished, and Miss Trunchbull throws Amanda Thripp by her pigtail braids over the fence instead. The next day, Miss Trunchbull falsely accuses Matilda of stealing a slice of her private chocolate cake, but Bruce Bogtrotter reveals he is the culprit by belching a chocolatey belch. Miss Trunchbull punishes Bruce by forcing him to eat the entire cake, promising he will be forgiven if he manages it. Furious that he succeeds, Miss Trunchbull condemns him to the Chokey regardless. Matilda attempts to defend him as he is led away. Matilda continues the story for Mrs Phelps: the now-pregnant acrobat was forced to perform a dangerous stunt by her stepsister; the acrobat is horribly injured, and she dies after giving birth to a daughter. The escapologist forgives the stepsister and asks her to help him raise his daughter, but the stepsister secretly bullies her.

At home, Mr Wormwood locks Matilda in her room for criticising how he tricks people into buying his cars. Matilda ends her story: the aunt locks the daughter in the cellar and goes out, and the escapologist comes home early and learns his daughter is mistreated but never returns from confronting the stepsister during a thunderstorm. Miss Trunchbull forces the children through challenging exercises to crush their rebellious spirit. Lavender slips her pet newt Isaac into Miss Trunchbull's drinking water, and Matilda furiously uses her newly discovered telekinesis to make Isaac embarrass Miss Trunchbull. Miss Honey invites Matilda to tea at her cottage. There, Matilda learns that her story is real, the escapologist and the acrobat are Miss Honey's parents, and the evil stepsister is Miss Trunchbull. Matilda leaves the cottage and uses her powers to destroy the Chokey. At home, Matilda discovers that her father tricked the mafia, and the family must flee to Spain. Then, Matilda cries in her room about never seeing Miss Honey, Mrs Phelps and Lavender again.

When the children arrive at school, Miss Trunchbull forces them to spell words correctly or be locked in a new Chokey. She has Lavender spell a made-up word, tricking the other children into rebelliously spelling words incorrectly on purpose so that she can lock them all into Chokeys. However, Matilda uses her telekinesis to pretend to be the vengeful ghost of Magnus Honey, Miss Honey's father. She uses him to destroy all her new chokeys, then grabs her by her now pigtailed hair and launches her out of the school, just as Trunchbull did with Thripp. Miss Honey tells Miss Trunchbull never to return and takes back the keys to her father's house. The children led by Bruce and Hortensia celebrate their freedom, destroying Trunchbull's statue in the process. When Mr and Mrs Wormwood come to take Matilda to Spain, Miss Honey begs them to let Matilda stay with her. They allow Matilda to be adopted by Miss Honey, and Matilda uses her powers to unglue her father's hat. With Miss Honey as the new headmistress, the children rename the school The Big Friendly School. Mrs Phelps is overjoyed that Matilda's true story has a happy ending and that Matilda and Miss Honey live happily together.


Scinax caprarius

The Canastra snouted tree frog ("Scinax caprarius") is a frog. It lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 1300 meters above sea level, where 2800 to 5000 mm of rainfall every year.

The adult frog is about 28.6 to 31.1 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists wrote that the male frog's voice sounded like a goat.

Cocoon: The Return

Cocoon: The Return is a 1988 American science fiction comedy-drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and is the sequel to the 1985 hit "Cocoon". It stars Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, Courteney Cox, Hume Cronyn, Jack Gilford, Steve Guttenberg, Barret Oliver, Jessica Tandy, Maureen Stapleton, Gwen Verdon and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cybersquatting

Cybersquatting is the use of a domain name which is another person's trademark. The domain name may be the name of a person, a company, or an organization. The purpose of cybersquatting is to make money.

For example:

In the USA, cybersquatting may be a crime under the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act.

Typosquatting is a kind of cybersquatting. A domain name is used, which is similar to another website or trademark. For example, typosquatting could use "wikpedia.org" instead of "wikipedia.org". It could also use a different URL extension, such as "whitehouse.org" instead of "whitehouse.gov".

Ansett New Zealand Flight 703

Ansett New Zealand Flight 703 was an Ansett New Zealand airline flight between Auckland International Airport and Palmerston North International Airport. On June 9, 1995 at 9:22 am (local) he crashed to the ground just 16 km from the destination airport, amid adverse weather conditions and aircraft problems.

The crashed aircraft, a DHC-8 (or Dash 8), was carrying 18 passengers and 3 crew members, almost all of whom were New Zealand citizens with the exception of one American passenger. Of the 21 people on board, 3 died from the collision and 1 from serious injuries. On the ground, only three grazing sheep perished due to the impact of the plane.

According to the Australian investigation, the causes of the accident were pinned primarily on the captain and his first officer for the following reasons: 




As for the Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS), it was determined that it was working incorrectly as it gave a late warning, which was estimated to be activated 17 seconds before the impact, and not 4 seconds as it actually was.

Reginald John Dixon, a passenger on the flight, made it out of the wreckage with some injuries but then went back to help other passengers until he was severely burned by a blaze. He died of his burns two weeks later.

For courage shown in a dangerous situation, this passenger was awarded the New Zealand Cross, New Zealand's highest citation for civilian bravery.

Ansett New Zealand Flight 703 was dramatised in the 8th episode of Season 21 on the show Air Crash Investigation titled "Caught in a Jam".

Zoot Suit Riots

The Zoot Suit Riots were a series of riots on June 3–8, 1943 in Los Angeles, California, United States, involving American servicemen stationed in Southern California and young Latino and Mexican American city residents. It was one of the dozen wartime industrial cities that suffered race-related riots in the summer of 1943, along with Mobile, Alabama; Beaumont, Texas; Detroit, Michigan; and New York City.

American servicemen and white Angelenos attacked and stripped children, teenagers, and youths who wore zoot suits, ostensibly because they considered the outfits, which were made from large amounts of fabric, to be unpatriotic during World War II. Rationing of fabrics and certain foods was required at the time for the war effort. While most of the violence was directed toward Mexican American youth; African American and Filipino American youths who were wearing zoot suits were also attacked.

The Zoot Suit Riots were related to fears and hostilities aroused by the coverage of the Sleepy Lagoon murder trial, following the killing of a young Latino man in what was then an unincorporated commercial area near Los Angeles. The riot appeared to trigger similar attacks that year against Latinos in Chicago, San Diego, Oakland, Evansville, Philadelphia, and New York City. The defiance of zoot suiters became inspirational for Chicanos during the Chicano Movement.

BBC News Arabic

BBC News Arabic (), formerly BBC Arabic Television, is a television news channel broadcast to the Arab World by the BBC. It was launched on 11 March 2008. It is run by the BBC World Service and funded from the British television licence fee.


Andrea Riseborough

Andrea Louise Riseborough (born 20 November 1981) is an English actress. For her role in the 2022 movie "To Leslie", she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.

Her best known roles were in "Happy-Go-Lucky" (2008), "Never Let Me Go", "Brighton Rock", "Made in Dagenham" (all 2010), "W.E." (2011), "Shadow Dancer", "Disconnect" (both 2012), "Welcome to the Punch", "Oblivion" (both 2013), "Birdman" (2014), "Nocturnal Animals" (2016), "Battle of the Sexes", "The Death of Stalin" (both 2017), "Mandy", "Nancy" (both 2018), "The Grudge" and "Possessor" (both 2020).

Cynthia Erivo

Cynthia Erivo (; born 8 January 1987) is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She has won a Daytime Emmy Award, a Grammy Award, and a Tony Award. She was in the Broadway revival of "The Color Purple" from 2015 to 2017.

She played Harriet Tubman in the biopic "Harriet" (2019), for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.


Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio

Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio (or simply Pinocchio) is a stop-motion animated musical fantasy movie directed by Guillermo del Toro and Mark Gustafson.

It stars Ewan McGregor, David Bradley, Gregory Mann, Finn Wolfhard, Cate Blanchett, John Turturro, Ron Perlman, Tim Blake Nelson, Burn Gorman, Christoph Waltz and Tilda Swinton.

"Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio" had its world premiere at the BFI London Film Festival on October 15, 2022. It was released in select theaters on November 25, 2022, before its streaming release on December 9, 2022, by Netflix. This is one of three 2022 "Pinocchio"-based films, the others being "" and Disney's live-action adaptation.

In Italy during the Great War, the carpenter Geppetto loses his son, Carlo, during an inadvertent aerial bomb of Austrian Army. Geppetto honors his memory by planting a pine cone near his grave and spends the next twenty years mourning his loss. 

An anthropomorphic cricket named Sebastian takes up residence in the resulting pine tree. Geppetto subsequently cuts the tree down in a fit of drunken rage in order to make a new son out of its wood. He passes out drunk, leaving the puppet unfinished, and a blue Wood Sprite brings it to life, christening him Pinocchio. The Sprite meets Sebastian and promises to grant him a wish, which he intends to use to become famous, in exchange for acting as Pinocchio's guide.

Geppetto later discovers that Pinocchio is alive and locks him in a closet while he goes to church, but he follows him, frightening the villagers. The next day, Geppetto sends Pinocchio to school, but the puppet is intercepted by the former aristocrat-turned-showman Count Volpe and his performing monkey, Spazzatura. 

Volpe convinces Pinocchio to join his circus and gets him to sign a contract. However, Geppetto catches him performing. After he arrives to take him home, him and Volpe have a tug-of-war that results in Pinocchio being thrown to the road, where he is hit by a car.

Pinocchio is sent to the afterlife where he meets the Black Rabbits. He is then sent through the doors to meet Death, the sister of the Wood Sprite. She explains to Pinocchio that he is immortal, and that he will return to the mortal realm once an hourglass has flowed, cautioning that the time he spends in the afterlife will increase each time he returns. 

Returning to the mortal realm, Pinocchio decides to join Volpe's circus, both to earn money for Geppetto and to avoid being drafted into the Royal Italian Army by the strict Podestà. In attempt to regain his legacy as the star, Spazzatura tells Pinocchio that Volpe has been conning him out of the money that he was going to send to Geppetto. Upon hearing this, Volpe starts beating Spazzatura, much to Pinocchio's disliking.

When Sebastian and Geppetto search for him at sea, they are swallowed by a giant Dogfish. During one of his performances, Pinocchio sings a toilet-humor ladened parody of a previous patriotic song to Prime Minister Benito Mussolini as revenge for Volpe's abuse and is shot by Mussolini's right-hand man, dying once more. Musssolini also orders the circus burned. In the Afterlife, Death warns him that his immortality is a burden and it will affect the lives of his loved ones.

He is again revived to find himself taken by the Podestà to a training camp where other small boys are trained to fight in the war. Pinocchio befriends the Podestà's son, Candlewick, who is scared of disappointing his father and being seen as weak. On Pinocchio's advice when the 2 end up winning a tie in a game, Candlewick stands up to his father when he tells him to shoot Pinocchio. But suddenly, the training camp gets bombed, killing the Podestà. The blast of the bomb causes the boys to separate, Pinocchio is thrown in the air by the blast while Candlewick climbs out of the debris. 

Pinocchio manages to escape and is captured by Volpe, wanting revenge against the puppet for humiliating him earlier, but Spazzatura intervenes and they are sent over a cliff, with Volpe meeting his demise. When Pinocchio rescues Spazzatura, they are swallowed by the Dogfish, where they soon reunite with Geppetto and Sebastian. 

Pinocchio tells some lies to make his nose grow to make a bridge leading out of the Dogfish's blowhole. Just as they escape, the Dogfish tries to eat them again, forcing Pinocchio to sacrifice himself by detonating a naval mine. Upon meeting Death again, he demands to be sent back early so that he can save Gepetto from drowning, despite the fact that this will make him mortal. After rescuing Gepetto, Pinocchio dies, prompting Sebastian to use his wish to bring Pinocchio back to life which the Wood Sprite grants.

Pinocchio and the others return home to live as a family. However, as Death told Pinocchio, he manages to outlive all of his loved ones as Geppetto, Sebastian and Spazzatura die with the passage of time. Now alone, Pinocchio decides to travel off to parts unknown for new adventures.

During the credits, Sebastian sings for the Black Rabbits in the afterlife.


Eurochannel

Eurochannel is a world television channel focused on European culture and lifestyle through movies, series and other programs dedicated to European culture. Eurochannel broadcasts in original audio with subtitles in English, Spanish and Portuguese.

Eurochannel is available in Hispanic America, France, Brazil, United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Angola, Mozambique, Portugal and North Macedonia.

In United States, Eurochannel is available on Google Play on all Android devices.

Eurochannel's programming includes mostly cinema, television series and music programs.





2022 Danish European Union opt-out referendum

A referendum on the abolition of the defense opt-out, one of the country's opt-outs from the European Union, was held in Denmark on 1 June 2022. 

The referendum was announced on 6 March 2022 after a defense agreement reached during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The yes side won the referendum, winning two thirds of the vote.

Hot wiener

The hot wiener, or New York System wiener is a part of the food culture of Rhode Island. It is sold at "New York System" restaurants.

Opt-outs in the European Union

In general, the law of the European Union is valid in all of the twenty-seven European Union member states. However, some member states can opt-out from legislation or treaties of the European Union, meaning they do not have to be part in certain policy areas. 

Only three states have such opt-outs: Denmark (two opt-outs), the Republic of Ireland (two opt-outs) and Poland (one opt-out). The United Kingdom had four opt-outs before leaving the Union.

Common Security and Defence Policy

The Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP) is the European Union's (EU) policy in terms of defence and crisis management. It is a main part of the EU's Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP).

The law includes:

Pretty Poison (group)

Pretty Poison is an American dance group based out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Group members are Jade Starling (lead vocalist); Whey Cooler (keyboardist and guitarist); and Kaya Pryor (percussionist). Thomas Hays was also a guitarist as was Lou Franco. Pretty Poison is best known for their hit "Catch Me (I'm Falling)", a top 10 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in 1987.

Jade Starling

Jade Starling is an American singer-songwriter, and the lead vocalist for 1980s band Pretty Poison. She lives in New Jersey. Starling is a gay-rights activist and an avid supporter of same-sex marriage. She also speaks phonetic Spanish and often records songs in both Spanish and English.

Planet Patrol

Planet Patrol is an American electro group originating in the 1980s. The members were Arthur Baker, John Robie, and a quintet of vocalists led by Herbert J. Jackson (lead singer), Joseph Lites, Rodney Butler, Michael Anthony Jones, and Melvin B. Franklin (not to be confused with Melvin Franklin of The Temptations). The group only produced a single album, the self-titled Planet Patrol in 1983, which peaked at #64 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart.

Erin Fitzgerald

Erin Fitzgerald (born September 21, 1972) is a Canadian voice actress who voices Raven Queen in "Ever After High", Olive in "Rivit Monsters", Mippy in "" and "" and Queen Archer in "North Woods".

Capsule hotel

A capsule hotel is a lodging establishment where the "rooms" are sleeping compartments called capsules that each are the size of a single bed. Like in a hostel, the bathroom facilities are communal. Capsule hotels originated in Japan for long distance commuters who needed safe places to crash for the night and during the 2008 recession provided temporary housing for the underemployed. These hotels have since spread to other countries like China, Indonesia, India, Iceland, Belgium and Poland.

Japanese: カプセルホテル, "kapuseru hoteru" (capsule hotel)

Apartment hotel

An extended stay hotel, apartel or serviced apartment building is a lodging establishment that rents hotel rooms or suites on a longer term basis than traditional hotels. They can make great alternatives to traditional apartment complexes as there's no lease involved, yet the units offer similar amenities to conventional apartments, such as kitchenettes so people can cook in their rooms instead of going to restaurants for every meal. Units in extended stay hotels usually rent by the week and communial facilities usually include a guest laundromat, conference rooms \ business centres, cafes, etc.

Bengal Army

Bengal army was an British Indian army which was active in Bengal presidency.

Madras Army

Madras Army was an British Indian Army which was working in Madras (now Chennai) presidency. It was main force of Southern India during British rule.

Aamir Kaleem

Aamir Kaleem was born 20 November, 1981 in Karachi, Pakistan. He is an Oman cricketer who played 3 One-day Internationals and 29 Twenty20 Internationals for Oman.


Jan-Berry Burger

Andries Johannes Burger was born 25 August, 1981 in Newcastle, South Africa. He played 6 One-day internationals for Namibia at the 2003 Cricket World Cup and scored the then highest score of 85 against England.

Whitehorse Hill

Whitehorse Hill is a hill in the Berkshire Downs in Oxfordshire, England.

Battle of Nasibpur

The Battle of Narnaul (also called Battle of Nasibpur) was fought on 16 November 1857, between the British Raj and Ahirwal Kings during the First War of Indian Independence. In 1857, Pran Sukh Yadav, Rao Tula Ram (ruler of Ahirwal), Rao Gopal Dev and Rao Dhan Singh (Jagirdar of Charkhi-Dadri) with their army of 5,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry fought with the British at Nasibpur fort in Narnaul. The battle was one of the most ferocious battles of the First War of Indian Independence. During the Battle of Narnaul at Nasibpur on 16 November 1857, British lost 7000 British soldiers and their commanders Colonel Gerrard and Captain Wallace.More than 2000 British soldiers and officers Captain Craige, Captain Kennedy and Captain Pearse were wounded. Colonel Gerrard died after getting mortally wounded in a military engagement against Rao Kishan Singh.Later, Pran Sukh Yadav settled at the village of Nihalpura and rehabilitated the kin of dead soldiers.

Rao Krishan Gopal, from Nangal Pathani village of Gurgaon district was the Kotwal of Meerut, who had played a prominent part in collaboration with Rao Tula Ram, Rao Gopal Dev, Rao Laxmi Chand and Pran Sukh Yadav, by organising the patriotic forces and participating in several battles against the British troops. He and his younger brother, Rao Ram Lal, were killed in this battle of Nasibpur.

David Holford

David Anthony Jerome Holford was born 16 April, 1940 and died 30 May, 2022. He was a West Indies cricketer who played 24 test matches scoring 768 runs and one test century. He was the cousin of the cricketing legend Garfield Sobers.

Abdullah ibn Abdul-Muttalib

Abdullah ibn Abd al-Muttalib (; ; -570) was the father of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

DHL Aero Expreso Flight 7216

DHL Aero Expresso Flight 7216 (D07216) was an international cargo flight between Juan Santamaría International Airport, Costa Rica, and La Aurora International Airport, Guatemala City. On April 7, 2022, a Boeing 757-27A aircraft, registration HP-2010DAE, while performing service D07216, crashed at the Costa Rican airport with two crew members on board.

The flight took off at 9:34 a.m. local time (UTC-6:00) from Juan Santamaría airport to La Aurora international airport for cargo delivery. However, while flying over the Costa Rican town of San Carlos, the aircraft declared an emergency due to hydraulic problems, so it made the decision to return to the air terminal, after holding a pattern to burn fuel, and touched down at 10:25 a.m. (local time). 

According to the videos recorded from the airport, the aircraft skidded on runway 07, turned south on the Kilo taxiway and lost its way, crashing into a ditch in front of the Costa Rica Fire Station and crashing. split in two. 

The pilot and co-pilot were evacuated in stable condition for further evaluation.

The accident aircraft was a Boeing 757-27A, serial number 29610 LN:904, used by DHL Aero Expresso for its cargo flights;  and powered by two Pratt & Whitney PW2037 engines. 

It was manufactured in the year 1996 and began operations as a passenger aircraft. Its first flight occurred on December 7, 1999 by the airline Far Eastern Air Transport, until 2002 when it passed into the hands of EVA Air and then in 2003 back to Far Eastern which operated it until May 13, 2008. when it ceased operations. On November 2, 2010, it passed into the hands of Aerolease and was converted into a freighter in October of that same year to be used by DHL Aero Expresso. 

In the period prior to the incident, the device flew quite frequently transporting cargo between the cities of San José, Mexico City, Guatemala City and others in Latin America. 

On February 11, 2022, the accident plane made an emergency landing without flaps at the Mexico City international airport, after declaring an emergency. On March 26, 2022, the same plane made an emergency landing at the airport Juan Santamaría from Costa Rica shortly after taking off for Guatemala, after suffering a loss of cabin pressurization.

Luis Eduardo Miranda Muñoz, deputy director of the General Directorate of Civil Aviation of Costa Rica, told the media that the plane declared an emergency when it was 35 miles (56 kilometers) north of the Juan Santamaría airport and at an altitude of 19,000 feet ( 5.79 kilometers).

The pilot, of Guatemalan origin, notified the control tower that they had problems with the hydraulic service, so he requested to return to the airport, going first to the waiting area located 25 miles southwest of the airport, on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica. At 10:00 am. The pilot in command declared an emergency and requested instructions to descend on runway 07.

At the time of touchdown, the pilots applied the brakes, however, due to hydraulic problems on the left side, they began to skid on the runway. The plane made a 180-degree turn until it fell into a ditch next to the street that connects the air terminal with the station of the Meritorious Fire Department of Costa Rica, where it split in two at the height of the tail. The plane's wings, the two engines, the landing gear and the fuselage suffered considerable damage.

The aircraft did not explode or catch fire. The Director General of Firefighters, Héctor Chaves, reported that the fuel tanks in the plane's wings were in a "complete" state and that the presence of hazardous materials was ruled out. Firefighters mobilized a total of fourteen vehicle units to attend to the emergency, including tanks, rapid attack units, handling of hazardous materials, fire extinguishers, ambulances and tanks.

The two crew members of the plane did not suffer serious injuries and were taken to hospital because their nervous condition was altered. Since an emergency was declared over the Parza waiting area, the Juan Santamaría airport was closed and remained so for up to five hours. Once the inspection work of the terminal's only takeoff and landing runway was completed, its reopening was authorized.

Some thirty commercial and cargo flights were affected by the temporary closure of operations; several of the planes were diverted to their alternate airport and the international flights whose destination was Costa Rica landed at the Daniel Oduber Quirós International Airport in Liberia, Guanacaste, forcing passengers to make a five-hour trip in land vehicles to reach the capital.

The aircraft was written off as a result of the crash.


Scinax cabralensis

Scinax cabralensis is a frog. It lives in Brazil.
This frog has spots on its back and stripes on its back legs. Its nose looks round from the top.

Laundromat

A laundromat, laundrette, self-service laundry, coin laundry, or coin-wash is a business where people can wash their own clothes.

While most homes have their own washers and dryers, laundromats are still very popular with people who live in apartments and those who do not have their own machines. They are also used, even by those who have their own machines, for large bedding and other items that normal house washers cannot fit.
Some UK households have bedding (such as duvets and comforters) that are much too big to fit inside of home washing machines, and UK households may not have dryers, making laundromats the only way available for cleaning them or drying them.

Eloquent silence (Rotta)

Eloquent silence (also known as Silenzio eloquente) is a 19th-century painted in oil on panel made by Antonio Rotta, in 1850, in Venice, Italy. The artwork measures centimeters 26 x 36, exhibited at the Museum Palazzo Forti modern art gallery in Verona in Italy (named GAM Verona).

The art work describes the typical Venetian environnement noble du XVIIIème siècle la scène se déroule dans une salle avec un noble vénitien assis sur une chaise à trois pieds pendant que la dame lit sa correspondance.

Antonio Rotta, who often portrays socially humble conditions, is a painter typically present in the homes of the high nobility of Italy and Europe. Rotta's works depicting intimate scenes in interiors that describe the daily life of the nobility are therefore the most precious.



Five Poisons

The Five Poisons (Chinese: 五毒; Pinyin: "wǔ dú"; Jyutping: "ng5 duk6"; Vietnamese: "Ngũ độc") can refer to:
Scorpions.
Centipedes.
Toads.
Spiders.

István Szőke

István Szőke (13 February 1947 – 1 June 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a midfielder for Ferencvárosi TC from 1965 until 1974. He also played for the Hungary national team from 1969 until 1973, making 13 appearances. He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Szőke died on 1 June 2022 in Budapest of a stroke, aged 75.

Andrée Geulen

Andrée Geulen-Herscovici (6 September 1921 – 31 May 2022) was a Belgian teacher. She was a member of the Belgian Resistance during the German occupation of Belgium during World War II. She was a member of the Comité de Défense des Juifs group. She took part in the rescue of almost 1,000 Jewish children during the Holocaust.

In 1989, Geulen was recognized with the honorific Righteous Among the Nations.

Geulen turned 100 in September 2021. She died on 31 May 2022 in Ixelles, Belgium.

Takeyoshi Tanuma

In 2019, the Japanese government honoured him with the Order of Culture.

Tanuma died on June 1, 2022 at his Tokyo home, aged 93.

Uri Zohar

Uri Zohar () (4 November 1935 – 2 June 2022) was an Israeli movie director, actor and comedian who later became an Orthodox rabbi. Zohar was born in Tel Aviv, Israel. His entertainment career lasted from 1956 to 1988. His best known movies were "Hole in the Moon", "Three Days and a Child", "Every Bastard a King", "Big Eyes" and "Metzitzim".

Zohar died on 2 June 2022 from a heart attack at his home in Jerusalem, Israel at the age of 86.

Luigi Einaudi

Luigi Numa Lorenzo Einaudi (; 24 March 1874 – 30 October 1961) was an Italian politician and economist. He was the president of Italy from 1948 to 1955.

Claudio Martelli

Claudio Martelli (born 24 September 1943) is an Italian politician. He was the Minister of Justice from 1991 until 1993. Before, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Italy from 1989 until 1992. He resigned as Justice Minister due to a corruption scandal.

In 2020, Martelli married Deputy Lia Quartapelle.

Gessate

Gessate ( ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about northeast of Milan.

Lia Quartapelle

Lia Quartapelle (born 15 August 1982) is an Italian politician of the Democratic Party (PD). In 2013, she was elected as a Member of the Chamber of Deputies. Quartapelle was born in Varese, Italy.

In 2020, she married former Justice Minister Claudio Martelli.

Andy Goram

Andrew Lewis Goram (13 April 1964 – 2 July 2022) is a Scottish former footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Bury, Lancashire, England.

He started his career with Oldham Athletic in 1981 and later began playing for Hibernian in 1987. He is best remembered for playing for Rangers during the 1990s. Goram appeared in 43 international matches for Scotland from 1985 until 1998.

Goram also represented Scotland at cricket.

In May 2022, Goram was diagnosed with terminal oesophageal cancer. Goram died on 2 July 2022, aged 58.

Rangers

Manchester United

Queen of the South

Individual

Elvis (2022 movie)

Elvis is a 2022 biographical musical drama movie directed by Baz Luhrmann. The movie stars Austin Butler as the title character, Tom Hanks, Helen Thomson, Richard Roxburgh, Olivia DeJonge, Luke Bracey, Natasha Bassett, David Wenham, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Xavier Samuel, and Kodi Smit-McPhee. 

"Elvis" premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on May 25, 2022. It was theatrically released in Australia on June 23, 2022, and in the United States on June 24, by Warner Bros. Pictures. The movie had positive reviews from critics.

At the 95th Academy Awards, it was nominated for Best Picture.

The soundtrack to the movie was released by RCA Records on the same day as the theatrical release of the movie. It is produced by Baz Luhrmann and Anton Monstead, who also worked on the soundtrack of "The Great Gatsby". The album contains 36 songs. 

2022 in movies

Carl Stiner

Carl Wade Stiner (September 7, 1936 – June 2, 2022) was a United States Army four-star general. He was Commander in Chief, United States Special Operations Command (USCINCSOC) from 1990 to 1993. Stiner was born in LaFollette, Tennessee.

Stiner died on June 2, 2022 at a hospital in Knoxville, Tennessee at the age of 85.

LaFollette, Tennessee

LaFollette is a city in Campbell County, Tennessee, United States. Its population was 7,430 at the 2020 census.

Initiative for RECOM

Initiative for RECOM (Albanian: "Nisma për KOMRA"; Bosnian/ Croatian: "Inicijativa za REKOM"; English: "Initiative for RECOM"; Macedonian/ Serbian: "Иницијатива за РЕКОМ"; Slovenian: "Pobuda za REKOM"), full name Initiative for the establishment of a Regional Commission tasked with establishing the facts about all victims of war crimes and other serious human rights violations committed on the territory of the former SFR Yugoslavia in the period from January 1, 1991 to December 31, 2001, was an initiative to establish a regional commission for truth by agreement between the states of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

The Initiative for RECOM is represented in public through the RECOM Reconciliation Network (until 2019, Coalition for RECOM), which is the largest network of non-governmental organizations (more than 2,200 members) in the countries of the former SFR Yugoslavia. In 2019, RECOM Reconciliation Network gave up further insistence on the successor states of the SFRY to establish an intergovernmental commission. On that occasion, it took care and responsibility to make a list of victims of the wars caused by the disintegration of SFR Yugoslavia. The coordinator of the RECOM Reconciliation Network is Nataša Kandić.


Housesitter

Housesitter is a 1992 American romantic comedy movie directed by Frank Oz and starring Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, Dana Delany, Julie Harris, Donald Moffat, Peter MacNicol, Ken Cheeseman. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Ion Horea

Ion Horea (1929 - 2019) was a Romanian poet and magazine editor.

After graduating from high school, Horea studied fine arts for two years at the before studying at the "Mihai Eminescu" School of Literature in Bucharest.

Horea won several awards during his life time:
A poetry festival named in his honor was held for the first time in 2020.


The Croods: A New Age

The Croods: A New Age is a 2020 American computer-animated action/comedy movie directed by Joel Crawford. It is a sequel to the 2013 animated movie "The Croods". It was released on November 25, 2020. It received good reviews from critics.

Giuseppe Tartini

Giuseppe Tartini (8 April 1692 26 February 1770) was an Italian composer and violinist.

Tartini was born in Pirano, Republic of Venice (today it is a part of Slovenia). His father wanted him to become a priest. So, he joined the Franciscans. He learned rhetorics and music. He went to Padua to study law at the Padua University. He also practiced fencing.

After his father died, he married Elisabetta Premazore. Cardinal Giorgio Cornaro thought that Tartini had kidnapped her. So, Tartini had to run away to Rome. He had to leave his wife in Padua. He stopped at Assisi. He stayed at the convent of St. Francis. He was safe from the cardinal. There, he studied playing the violin. He also learned music theory with Bohuslav Matěj Černohorský.

Tartini went to Venice. There, he heard Francesco Maria Veracini play the violin in 1716. He was impressed by Veracini's playing. He was not happy with his own playing. So, he went away to make his violin playing even better.

Tartini became famous in Europe. He became the "Kapellmeister" of the Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua in 1721. People who wanted to become "Kapellmeister" at the basilica had to take an exam. Tartini did not need to take the exam. People thought his violin playing was already perfect. He played the violin on Emperor Charles VI's coronation as king of Bohemia in 1724.

Tartini worked in Prague for three years. He returned to Padua in 1728. He went back to being the "Kapellmeister" of the Basilica of St. Anthony. People from many countries wanted Tartini to work for them. However, he did not want to leave Padua.

He created a violin school in Padua in 1727. Tartini not only taught playing the violin, but also writing music. Students from many countries came to study with him. One of his most famous students was Johann Gottlieb Graun.

Tartini started to write about music theory. He also became interested in mathematics. He published a book titled in 1754. The book was criticized for being too hard to understand. He published another book, titled . 

Tartini died in 26 February 1770 in Padua. He was buried in the church of Church of St. Catherine, Padua.

Tartini mostly wrote violin sonatas and violin concertos. He published a set of violin sonatas in 1734. He did not write any operas. His most famous piece of music is the "Devil's Trill" sonata. Legend says that he made a agreement with the devil. Tartini gave the devil his violin. The devil played a violin sonata. Tartini was impressed. He tried to write down the sonata. However, it was not as good as what the devil had played. This is why the sonata is called the "Devil's Trill".


Mikhail Ulyanov

Mikhail Alexandrovich Ulyanov (; 20 November 1927 – 26 March 2007) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was one recognized persons from post-World War II Soviet theatre and cinema. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1969. He was also called a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1986. In 1982, he got the special prize from the Venice Film Festival.

Ulyanov has won these awards:



St. Matthew, Leipzig

The St. Matthew Church was a church in Leipzig, Germany. It was built in 1488. At first, it was a Franciscan church. From 1699, it was a Lutheran church. It was known as the Neukirche (English: "New Church"). In 1867, a new congregation was created. They named the church Matthäikirche. It was destroyed in 1943 during the Second World War.

Roya TV

Roya TV is a Jordanian private independent satellite TV channel. It is based in Amman. It is owned by Sayegh Group.

Roya TV's programming has four periods: morning, mid-day, afternoon, and evening. Most of the content is based on live shows.

Vasily Sharangovich

Vasily Sharangovich (3/4/1897-3/15/1938) was a Soviet politician from Belarus who was the leader of the communist party from March till July 1937. He was executed by shooting on March 15 1938 during the Trial of the 21.

He was born in a small governorate, he as the people's comisar for justice from 1921 to 1922, he went abroad in 1925 for work in the official ussr until he was appointed leader, on March 13 1938 he was sentenced to death for being part of a counter-revolutionary terrorist group and was executed on March 15th.

He was born to a peasant family, worked as a locksmith and driver's assistant on the railroad in Molodeczno, in December 1917 he joined the RSDLP (b), from 1918 to December 1919 a Red Army soldier, participated in the civil war in Russia. In the years 1921–1924 he worked in the administration of justice of the Byelorussian SSR (1921-1922 he was deputy people's commissioner for justice of the Byelorussian SSR), later he was sent to party work in Siberia. From 1925 to 1937 he sat with breaks in the Central Committee of the KP (b) B. From March 18 to July 29, 1937, he headed KP (b) B.

During the great purge on July 27, 1937, he was arrested by the NKVD. Defendant in the third Moscow show trial (along with, among others, Nikolai Bukharin, Alexei Rykov and Gienrich Yagoda) before the Military College of the Supreme Court of the USSR. On March 13, 1938, he was sentenced to death on charges of participation in a counter-revolutionary terrorist organization. He was shot on March 15, 1938, at the site of Kommunark's execution, buried anonymously.

sentenced to death, commuted to 10 years in prison. After 18 months, he was exchanged for Polish prisoners. In 1921-23 deputy. People's Commissar of Justice of the Byelorussian SSR. In 1923-26 he was the executive secretary of the Council of Trade Unions of Belarus. In 1926-30 - at trade union and party work in Siberia, 1st secretary of the Irkutsk district committee of the CPSU (b). From Oct. 1930 to Feb. 1934 2nd Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus. Since 1934, he was a member of the Party Control Commission (CPC) under the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party of Bolsheviks, authorized by the CPC for Kazakhstan and the Kharkov region. Since March 1937, 1st Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus. He led the deployment of a campaign of mass repressions in the republic. In June 1937, at the XVI Congress of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus, h≤e declared: “We must completely destroy the remnants of the Japanese-German and Polish spies and saboteurs, the remnants of the Trotsky-Bukharin gang and nationalist carrion, crush and grind them into powder, no matter how they disguise themselves no matter what hole they hide in." 17/7/1937 arrested. Involved as an accused in the trial in the case of the Right-Trotskyist Anti-Soviet Bloc. On March 13, 1938, he was sentenced to death. In the last word, he declared: "I felt the whole nightmare of the treacherous, treacherous crimes committed by me against the Soviet people, against the Soviet country. Anyone like me will certainly be crushed by all the might of Soviet power.”And then was shot. In 1957 he was rehabilitated, in 1958 he was reinstated in the party. Sharangovich was rehabilitated in 1958.
He was posthumously rehabilitated in 1958.

List of rulers of Belarus

This list shows a list of Belarusian rulers and communist-leaders and presidents since 945.





Picotechnology

Picotechnology is a hypothetical technology.


HomeGoods

HomeGoods is a chain of home furnishing stores headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts. It was founded as a small chain in 1992, and grew to include hundreds of locations throughout the United States. HomeGoods sells furniture, linens, cooking products, art, and other home accessories.

HomeGoods is owned by TJX Companies, and is a sister company to T.J. Maxx, Sierra Trading Post, and Marshalls. The size of each store varies by location. There are locations in the United States that combine both the HomeGoods and the T.J. Maxx or Marshalls store brands in one building.

Sierra (retailer)

Sierra Trading Post, Inc., doing business as Sierra, is an online and brick-and-mortar retailer of off-price merchandise operated by the TJX Companies. The Framingham, Massachusetts–based company offers products in categories such as outdoor recreation, fitness and adventure gear, and apparel, along with footwear, clothing, and home decor. Sierra sells merchandise through 46 retail stores as of November 2019 and a company website. It carries products from approximately 3,000 name-brand manufacturers.

Sierratradingpost.com launched in December 1998 and was included in the "Internet Retailer Top 400 List" in 2004 and the "Top 500 List" in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010 and 2011.

Manual

Manual may refer to:


TJX Companies

The TJX Companies, Inc. (abbreviated TJX) is an American multinational off-price department store corporation, headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts. It was formed as a subsidiary of Zayre Corp. in 1987, and became the legal successor to Zayre Corp. following a company reorganization in 1989.

As of 2019, TJX operates its flagship brand, TJ Maxx (in the United States) and TK Maxx (in Australia and Europe), Marshalls, HomeGoods, HomeSense, Sierra in the United States, and HomeSense, Marshalls, Winners in Canada. There are over 4,557 discount stores in the TJX portfolio located in nine countries. TJX ranked No. 97 in the 2021 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.

Ashley Stewart

Ashley Stewart is an American plus size women's clothing company and lifestyle brand, which was founded in 1991. The name Ashley Stewart was inspired by Laura Ashley and Martha Stewart, who the company saw as icons of upscale Americana

How to Create a Mind

How to Create a Mind is a book by Ray Kurzweil about biological and mechanical brains. It suggests that there is a hierarchy of pattern recognizers in each brain.

De novo lipogenesis

De novo lipogenesis (DNL) is a complex and highly regulated metabolic pathway. In normal conditions DNL converts excess carbohydrate into fatty acids that are then esterified to storage triacylglycerols (TGs). These TGs could later provide energy via β-oxidation.

Glycogenolysis

Glycogenolysis is the biochemical pathway in which glycogen breaks down into glucose-1-phosphate and glucose. The reaction takes place in the hepatocytes and the myocytes. The process is under the regulation of two key enzymes: phosphorylase kinase and glycogen phosphorylase

The Singularity Is Near

The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology (2005) is a book about artificial intelligence by Ray Kurzweil. He describes his "law of accelerating returns". This predicts an exponential increase in the power of such technologies as computers, genetic engineering, nanotechnology, robotics and artificial intelligence. 

The author thinks this means machine intelligence will become more advanced than biological intelligence. Cyborg intelligence ends up being dominant. The book also predicts that when the "technological singularity" comes, humans may merge with machines and become androids or cyborgs.

It is not the first time this idea has been suggested. It has a long history in science fiction, and has been presented in several films, such as .

Reviews of the book were mixed.

The Age of Spiritual Machines

The Age of Spiritual Machines is a book by Ray Kurzweil. It is about artificial intelligence and the future of humanity.

The 10% Solution for a Healthy Life

The 10% Solution for a Healthy Life is a health book by Ray Kurzweil that suggests reducing fat intake and making other dietary changes to extend one's life expectancy so that they will likely still be alive when anti-aging, cybernetic immortality and mind uploading technologies become available.

Nick Bostrom

Nick Bostrom is a Swedish philosopher at the University of Oxford. He's most well known for his work on artificial intelligence and the ethics of ai.

Gerardo Rozin

Gerardo Rozín (; 18 June 1970 – 11 March 2022) was an Argentine journalist, producer and radio and television presenter.

Rozín recounted that he was initiated into journalism by a friend when he was 12 years old.

He was mainly recognized for having been the host of several Argentine television programs such as "Gracias por venir, gracias por estar", "Morfi todos a la mesa" and "La peña de Morfi", on the Telefe channel.


He died on March 11, 2022 at his home in the Buenos Aires neighborhood of Núñez, at the age of 51, due to a malignant brain tumor that was diagnosed the previous year.

List of Ireland Test cricketers

This is a list of Ireland Test cricketers. Ireland were granted full membership and therefore Test status at the International Cricket Council's annual conference held on 22 June 2017, after having been one of the leading associate members for many years. Ireland played their first Test match in May 2018 against Pakistan at the Malahide Cricket Club Ground in Dublin.

A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the ICC. Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Confident (album)

Confident is the fifth studio album by American singer Demi Lovato. The album was released on October 16, 2015 through Hollywood Records.

Notes

List of Scotland Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Scotland cricket team who have played at least one T20I match.


Alone in the Dark (1982 movie)

Alone in the Dark is a 1982 American horror thriller movie directed by first time director Jack Sholder and starring Jack Palance, Donald Pleasence, Martin Landau, Dwight Schultz, Erland Van Lidth, Brent Jennings. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.


Kurdistan (state)

Kurdistan (Kurdish: کوردستان or Kurdistan), is a imaginary state that the Kurdish nationalists want to be established in the Kurdish-dominated regions. Kurdish population is estimated to be between 36.4 and 45.6 million. 

The Corduene is ancient name of Kurdistan. 



The flag of Kurdistan (Kurdish: ئاڵای کوردستان, Alaya Kurdistanê) is the flag of Kurds and created by the Society for the Rise of Kurdistan in 1920. It would later, in different variants, be adopted as the national flag of different Kurdish states including Republic of Ararat, Republic of Mahabad and most recently by Kurdistan Region in 1992. Moreover, the Kingdom of Kurdistan used the crescent flag which was also considered a Kurdish flag. 

Man on a Swing

Man on a Swing is a 1974 American thriller movie directed by Frank Perry and starring Cliff Robertson, Joel Grey, Elizabeth Wilson, George Voskovec, Lane Smith, Peter Masterson, Gil Gerard, Nicholas Pryor, Clarice Blackburn, Penelope Milford, Clarence Felder. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Delta Force

The Delta Force is a 1986 Israeli American action directed by Menahem Golan and starring Chuck Norris, Lee Marvin, Robert Vaughn, Liam Neeson, Kim Delaney, Robert Forster, Shelley Winters, Martin Balsam, Bo Svenson. It was distributed by Cannon Films and was followed up by two sequels.


List of Portugal Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Portuguese Twenty20 International cricketers.

Elliott wave theory

The Elliott Wave theory is a way to analyze the finance market. It is used to forecast market trends. It was invented by Ralph Nelson Elliott. He thought that prices follow some patterns, which are called "Elliott waves".

The River (1984 movie)

The River is a 1984 American drama movie directed by Mark Rydell and starring Mel Gibson, Sissy Spacek, James Tolkan, Jack Starrett, Scott Glenn. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was a box office failure. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards and won an Academy Award in 1985.


Scinax rogerioi

Scinax cabralensis is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists saw some frogs 1070 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.0 to 35.6 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 28.0 to 34.5 mm. Its head is as wide as its body, and its tongue is big and round. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog is light yellow-green or gray-green in color. It has dark brown spots. The iris of its eye is the color of copper metal.

This frog lays eggs after it rains. They have many young in a short time. The males sit on short plants, rocks, or the ground near water. The males sing for the females.

Some of these frogs live where the laws of Brazil say people cannot hurt them: Parque Estadual do Itacolomi. It is in Minas Gerais.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog named it after their friend Dr. Rogério P. Bastos. He is a scientist from the Universidade Federal de Goiás, and he works with frogs and toads from Brazil.

Russell A. Alger

Russell Alexander Alger (February 27, 1836 – January 24, 1907) was an American politician and businessman. He served as the 20th Governor of Michigan, U.S. Senator, and U.S. Secretary of War. He was also a army officer, financier, lumber baron and railroad owner.

Russell Alexander Alger was born on February 27, 1836, in Lafayette, Ohio. His parents were Russell and Caroline Alger (née Moulton).

His parents died in 1848, leaving Russell the oldest of three orphan children, without money and with a brother and sister to care for and support. He got used to working for the neighbors for a small quantity of resources or a few pennies a day even before the death of his parents, who were very poor.

He now found homes for his brother and sister and secured work for himself on a farm, his remuneration being his board, clothes and the privilege of attending school three months out of the year. He attended Richfield Academy in Summit County, Ohio, and taught country school for two winters.

He studied law in Akron, Ohio, and was admitted to the bar in March 1859. He first began to do law in Cleveland. In 1860, he moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan and engaged in the lumber business.

Alger enlisted as a soldier in the American Civil War on September 2, 1861. He served as a captain and major in the 2nd Michigan Cavalry Regiment. In three years, he served in 66 different battles and skirmishes

On July 11, 1862, at the Battle of Boonville, Alger tried to attack the Confederate rear with ninety men but he was wounded and taken prisoner, but escaped the same day and the Confederate forces were soundly defeated.

On October 16, he was made lieutenant colonel of the 6th Michigan Cavalry.

On February 28, 1863, he was made colonel of the 5th Michigan Cavalry. His command was one of the very first to enter Gettysburg on June 28.

On July 8, 1864, Alger was severely wounded while chasing the Confederates at Boonesborough, Maryland.

Alger participated in General Sheridan's Valley Campaigns of 1864 in Virginia. On June 11, 1864, at Trevillian Station, he captured many Confederate soldiers with his cavalry charge.

Alger left the army on September 20, 1864. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson made Alger a brevet brigadier general on June 11, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on March 12, 1866. On February 28, 1867, President Johnson nominated Alger for the award of the grade of brevet major general of volunteers to rank from June 11, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on March 2, 1867.

In 1868, he was elected the first commander of the Michigan department of the Grand Army of the Republic. In 1889, he became the Grand Army's National Commander-in-Chief. He was also a member of the Michigan Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.

After the American Civil War, Alger lived in Detroit as head of Alger, Smith & Company and the Manistique Lumbering Company. His holdings included a great pine forest on Lake Huron covering over and producing more than of lumber by the year.

In order to transport the lumber, Alger led his company to create the Detroit, Bay City and Alpena Railroad, of which Alger served as president.

At the turn of the 20th century, he and Florida landowner Martin Sullivan established the Alger-Sullivan Lumber Company, which milled lumber in Foshee, Alabama and Century, Florida.

Alger was active in politics as a Republican. In 1866, he was a delegate to the party's Wayne County convention and its state convention. In the late 1860s, Alger was a leader of the Boys in Blue, an organization of veterans made to support Republican policies and candidates. In October 1872, Alger was a vice president of the assembly that organized a Republican event which featured a speech by James G. Blaine and served as the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

In June 1876, Alger was a vice president of the assembly which supported a Republican rally in Detroit that began that year's presidential campaign. In early October 1876, Alger was a vice president of the assembly that organized a mass Republican rally in Detroit which featured a speech by former governor Edward Follansbee Noyes of Ohio. In late October 1876, he was one of the vice presidents of the assembly that organized a Republican rally in Detroit which included a speech by U.S. Senator James G. Blaine of Maine.

In early June 1880, Alger was a delegate to a huge meeting of Union veterans which met in Chicago to make a plan for supporting Republican candidates in that year's elections. In mid-June, he presided over the Republican meeting in Detroit which was organized to approve the results of the 1880 Republican National Convention, which had been held earlier in the month.

In 1884, Alger was elected Governor of Michigan and served from January 1, 1885, to January 1, 1887. Highlights of his term included creation of the state board of pardons, the founding of a veterans home in Grand Rapids, the creation of two new counties (Alger and Iron), and creation of the Michigan College of Mines. Alger declined renomination in 1886.

Alger's name was placed in nomination for president at the 1888 Republican National Convention. He got 142 votes, with 416 necessary to win, but Benjamin Harrison got the nomination and then became president. After the election, Alger served as a presidential elector for Harrison.

On March 5, 1897, Alger was appointed Secretary of War in the Cabinet of President William McKinley.

As Secretary, Alger wanted pay increases for military personnel serving at foreign embassies and legations, legislation to authorize a Second Assistant Secretary of War, and a constabulary force for Cuba, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines.

He was criticized for the poor preparation and inefficient operation of the department during the Spanish–American War, especially for making William R. Shafter the leader of the Cuban expedition. "Algerism" became an epithet to describe the claimed incompetence of the army, especially as compared to the more stellar performance of the navy.

Alger left at President McKinley's request, August 1, 1899. He published a personal history of the war, titled "The Spanish–American War", in 1901.

John Singleton Mosby accused Alger of placing a feud against him during Alger's tenure as War Secretary. Mosby had been a Confederate soldier during the American Civil War. After that, he became a Republican and supported Presidents Ulysses S. Grant and Rutherford B. Hayes. In 1878, Hayes appointed Mosby to Hong Kong, where Mosby served until 1885.

Mosby supported William McKinley for president in 1896, and was assured by members of Congress close to McKinley that he could expect appointment to a career in Asia or South America. When there wasn't any appointment, Mosby concluded that Alger was blocking his return to his job and claimed that Alger was placing a feud. According to Mosby, because during the war Mosby had ordered the execution of soldiers under Alger's command who were accused of looting and destroying the property of supporters of the Confederacy in 1864.

On September 27, 1902, Alger was appointed by Michigan Governor Aaron T. Bliss to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of James McMillan. He was elected to the seat by the Michigan State Legislature in January 1903.

Alger was chairman of the Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads during the 59th Congress.

Alger was the founder of a prominent family, many of whom became involved in 20th century Michigan politics and active in the Republican Party.

The Algers had a home in Black River, Alcona Township, Michigan, from which Alger oversaw his lumbering operations.

On April 2, 1861, he married Annette Huldana Squire Henry of Grand Rapids. They had six children; Henrietta, Caroline, Frances, Russell Jr., Frederick, and Allan.

Frederick graduated from Harvard in 1899, served as a lieutenant colonel with the American Expeditionary Force in France during the First World War, and was awarded the French Legion of Honor.

Russell Jr. was instrumental in persuading the Packard Motor Car Company to move to Michigan from Ohio. He built a palatial Italian Renaissance style estate, "The Moorings," in Grosse Pointe. It was donated in 1949 and became the Grosse Pointe War Memorial.

He died in Washington, D.C., in 1907. He was buried at Elmwood Cemetery in Detroit, Michigan.

In a memorial address, Senator John Spooner of Wisconsin said of Alger, "No man without noble purpose, well-justified ambitions, strong fiber, and splendid qualities in abundance could have carved out and left behind him such a career."

An early movie entitled "General Wheeler and Secretary of War Alger at Camp Wikoff" documents an official visit to Camp Wikoff, New York as Secretary of War. The visit and film were produced to garner support from the New York newspapers.

In May 1898, the War Department established Camp Russell A. Alger on a farm near Falls Church and Dunn Loring, Virginia. Faced with a typhoid fever epidemic, it was abandoned the month at the war's end in August 1898 and sold the following month. In its brief existence, 23,000 men trained there for service. It is known by an official Virginia historical marker.


In 1909, a monument to Alger was erected on the William G. Mather Building in Munising, Michigan. It consists of a bronze bust of Alger on a stone pedestal, and was sculpted by Detroit sculptor Carlo Romanelli with funds provided by the heirs of Alger and by the Board of Education of the Munising Township Schools.

In 1921, a memorial fountain to Alger was built in Grand Circus Park, Detroit by sculptor Daniel Chester French and architect Henry Bacon.


 Retrieved on 2008-02-11


Tulsa hospital shooting

On June 1, 2022, 45-year old Michael Louis shot several people at the Natalie Building, part of Saint Francis Hospital, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States. 

He killed four people, three of whom were hospital staff, and injured no more than ten. Louis then committed suicide.

Louis had surgery at the hospital a few days before the shooting and targeted his surgeon because of him not helping with Louis's back pain.
The shooting happened eight days after the Robb Elementary School shooting in Uvalde, Texas. 

Andrey Gaponov-Grekhov

Andrei Viktorovich Gaponov-Grekhov (; 7 June 1926 – 2 June 2022) was a Russian physicist. He was a professor at N. I. Lobachevsky State University of Nizhny Novgorod. He was born in Moscow. In 1991, he became a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Gaponov-Grekhov died on 2 June 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 95.

Barry Sussman

Barry Sussman (July 10, 1934 – June 1, 2022) was an American editor, author, and public opinion analyst. He was a city news editor at "The Washington Post". He was known for reporting the Watergate break-in and the Watergate scandal.

Sussman died on June 1, 2022 at his home in Rockville, Maryland from a gastrointestinal hemorrhage, aged 87.

Bluegill

The bluegill ("Lepomis macrochirus"), sometimes known as "bream", "brim", "sunny", "copper nose" or "perch" as is common in Texas, is a species of freshwater fish of the family Centrarchidae (sunfish) from the order Perciformes. They are found in North America and commonly found in streams, rivers, lakes, ponds and wetlands east of the Rockies.

The bluegill is the state fish of Illinois.

Cáca Milis

Cáca Milis () is a 2001 Irish short movie starring Charlotte Bradley and Brendan Gleeson.

Catherine takes care of her elderly mother. She is alone for the only time of the day, and reads a romantic novel in a train. Pól, a blind man with asthma, sits on the other side of the table. His noises, questions and stories annoy her, so she lies to him. She says a worm is in a piece of his cake, making him panic and have an asthma attack. Catherine quietly hides his inhaler, which he looks for. As he loses breath, she places it just out of his reach. He falls over in his seat as she leaves the train.


It is a cult classic among many young Irish people, who study it for the Leaving Cert's Irish exams.


Belauntza

Belauntza () is a municipality in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

Chesterfield Township, Michigan

Chesterfield Charter Township is a charter township in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 45,376 people lived there.

The township was founded in 1842 and is part of Metro Detroit.

Staufen im Breisgau

Staufen im Breisgau is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In 2019, about 8,300 people live there.


Schwörstadt

Schwörstadt is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Steinen, Baden-Württemberg

Steinen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Bülow, Germany

Bülow is a municipality in Ludwigslust-Parchim in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Verl

Verl is a town in Gütersloh in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 25,000 people live there.

Axbridge

Axbridge is a town in Sedgemoor district, Somerset, England. It is on the River Axe. In 2011, 2,057 people lived in Axbridge.

Kevin Mbabu

Melingo Kevin Mbabu (born 19 April 1995) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a defender for Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Switzerland national team.

Collonges-sous-Salève

Collonges-sous-Salève is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France. It is on the Swiss border.

Neuenburg am Rhein

Neuenburg am Rhein is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Hohentengen am Hochrhein

Hohentengen am Hochrhein is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Karakol

Karakol (, "Qaraqol"/"Karakol", formerly Przhevalsk (), is a city of about 68,800 people in Kyrgyzstan, near the eastern tip of Lake Issyk-Kul and about from the Kyrgyz-Chinese border. It is the capital of Issyk-Kul Region.

Its area is and 66,294 people lived here in 2009.

Bulgarian Socialist Party

The Bulgarian Socialist Party is a center-left, social democratic political party in Bulgaria.

Radio BIP

Radio BIP (in french of Franche-Comté : "Bisontine, Indépendante et Populaire" ; in english : "Bisontine, Independant and Popular") is a French local FM broadcasting station, active in Besançon and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Clandestine in 1977-1978, she was refounded in 1981 by the activist Jean-Jacques Boy with a status of voluntary association. This media is known for its coverage about human rights, social movements and far-right politics.

Ron's Gone Wrong

Ron's Gone Wrong is a 2021 computer-animated science fiction comedy movie. It was directed by Sarah Smith and Jean-Philippe Vine, co-directed by Octavio E. Rodriguez, produced by Karen Disher and Vicky Jenson, and written by Genndy Tartakovsky and Smith. The film features the voice of Jack Dylan Grazer as Barney, a socially awkward middle-schooler who befriends a defective robot he names Ron, voiced by Zach Galifianakis. Barney must find a way to protect Ron, who comes under danger from corporate employees. Additional voices include Ed Helms, Justice Smith, Rob Delaney, Kylie Cantrall, Ricardo Hurtado and Olivia Colman.
Additionally, Bentley Kalu voices a cop, John Macmillan voices Shayne the Biker, David Menkin voices Mr. Cleaver, and Iara Nemirovsky voices Ellie. Liam Payne voices a B-bot who gets kicked by Andrew in a cameo appearance, respectively.


Hantay

Hantay is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,281 people lived there.


Fretin

Fretin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,290 people lived there.


Bissezeele

Bissezeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 253 people lived there.


Anne-Sophie Mutter

Anne-Sophie Mutter (born June 29, 1963) is a German violinist. 

Mutter was born in Rheinfelden, Baden-Wurttemberg in Germany, a town very close to Switzerland. She started to play the piano at five and learned the violin soon after. Eventually, she took up studies and violin lessons at the Winterthur Conservatory in Switzerland. 

Mutter's abilities as a violinist began to be recognized. Herbert von Karajan, the conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic, helped Mutter to establish her career as a violin soloist. At age 13, Mutter made her debut with the Berlin Philharmonic. 

Mutter has performed in many concert halls around the world. She performs both traditional classical works and contemporary music. 

Several contemporary composers, including Sebastian Currier, Henri Dutilleux, Sofia Gubaidulina, Witold Lutosławski, Norbert Moret, Krzysztof Penderecki, André Previn, Wolfgang Rihm, and John Williams have composed works for her. 

Mutter's repertoire includes both classical works and contemporary music. Mutter's discography includes works by Mozart, Beethoven, Mendelsohn, Brahms, Tchaikovsky, Bartok, Vivaldi, Schubert, and others. 

Recently, Mutter has collaborated and toured with John Williams, performing music he composed particularly for her and his film scores. 

Mutter owns and plays two Stradivarius violins: the Emiliani of 1703 and the Lord Dunn-Raven Stradivarius of 1710. Her other violins include a Finnigan-Klaembt dated 1999 and a Regazzi dated 2005. 


Mutter primarily records with Deutsche Grammophon, from which about 50 CDs have been released.

Blaringhem

Blaringhem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,059 people lived there.


Someday (Mariah Carey song)

"Someday" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
This song is from her self-titled debut studio album (1990). It is a pop, new jack swing and R&B song. It was one of the songs that was on Carey's demo tape. It was written by Carey and Ben Margulies. "Someday" was released as the album's third single on November 28, 1990.
The song was a critical and commercial success. It was described as an album highlight. It became Carey's third consecutive number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.










Recording

Vocals

Personnel
Recording

Vocals

Personnel

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Mariah Carey". "Someday" remixes and alternate versions co-produced by Shep Pettibone with Ric Wake.


Boeschepe

Boeschepe is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,155 people lived there.


Boëseghem

Boëseghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 750 people lived there.


Bois-Grenier

Bois-Grenier is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,739 people lived there.


List of programs broadcast by Qubo

This is a list of programs formerly broadcast by the now-defunct children's television channel Qubo in the United States, a children's network which existed from January 8, 2007, until February 28, 2021.

Also detailed are Qubo-branded children's programming blocks which were carried by Ion Television and its subnetwork Ion Life/Ion Plus, NBC, and Telemundo. The Qubo blocks ended on the Ion networks on February 26, 2021, and on NBC and Telemundo on July 1, 2012.

Yannick Nézet-Séguin

Yannick Nézet-Séguin (born March 6, 1975) is a Canadian conductor and pianist. 

Nézet-Séguin was born in Montreal on 6 March 1975. Starting the piano at five, he choose to be a conductor at age ten. He studied at a conservatory in Montreal and started as a music director of the Orchestre Métropolitain in Montréal in 2000.

Currently, he is the music director of the Philadelphia Orchestra. He has held this appointment since 2012. Nézet-Séguin has also been working with the Metropolitan Opera in New York since 2009, where he has orchestrated several operas.

Yuzvendra Chahal

Yuzvendra Chahal is an Indian cricketer. He internationally plays for India national cricket team. And he is currently plays for Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League. Chahal is a leg-spin bowler. He is mainly known for his bowling skills and he is a second player and first Indian who take a 6 wickets in T20I history.

The Queen of Italy Elena

The Queen of Italy Elena (also known as The Queen of Italy Elena ) was painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, in 1925, is kept in the Collezione Farnesina of foreign minister of the Italian government in Rome from 1925.



Give Up

Give Up is the only studio album by The Postal Service. The album was released on February 18, 2003.

King of Italy Vittorio Emanuele III (Amisani)

King of Italy Vittorio Emanuele III (also known as Re d'Italia Vittorio Emanuele III) is a 19th-century painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, made in 1925, is kept in the Collezione Farnesina of foreign minister of the Italian government in Rome from 1925.



Hardik Pandya

Hardik Pandya is an Indian cricketer who plays at international level for India national cricket team. Rised in Gujarat, Hardik culminated in his captaincy to the newly debuted franchise Gujarat Titans that won the first ever title in the 2022 edition of Indian Premier League, world's largest league.

List of Canada ODI cricketers

This is a list of Canadian One-day International cricketers. A One Day International, or an ODI, is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Austin Codrington

Austin Codrington was born 22 August, 1975 in Portland, Jamaica. He played 9 One-day internationals for Canada at the 2003 Cricket World Cup and 2007 Cricket World Cup.

Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York

Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York is a 1975 American black comedy movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and was based on the novel of the same name by Gail Parent. It stars Roy Scheider, Jeannie Berlin, Sid Melton, Rebecca Dianna Smith and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dirty Rotten Scoundrels

Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a 1988 American comedy movie directed by Frank Oz and is a remake of the 1964 movie "Bedtime Story" and was remade as "The Hustle" in 2019. It stars Steve Martin, Michael Caine, Glenne Headly, Anton Rodgers, Ian McDiarmid, Dana Ivey, Frances Conroy and was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Compulsory education

Compulsory schooling, compulsory education, mandatory education or mandatory schooling is the period children must stay in school, especially state school. Most countries have mandatory school attendance laws. If a child does not go to school on the required days, this is called truancy and in many countries is punished via fines and jail time for children and or their parents. Prussia was the first modern state to pass mandatory schooling laws and the Prussian model of schooling became standard in North America and Europe during the 19th century.

Truancy

Truancy or playing hookey is unexcused absence from school or work. In countries with compulsory schooling laws, children and or their parents/guardians can be punished with fines, jail time, etc.

Prussian model

The Prussian model or Prussian system is a common structure for state schools in Europe and North America. It was developed in Prussia, Germany and focused on bureaucracy and making teaching a profession.

Sombrero

A sombrero (Spanish for "hat") is a type of hat traditionally worn in Latin America. Sombreros have extremely wide brims and high, pointed crowns.

Top hat

A top hat is a black, tall hat that was commonly worn by the upper class high society as well as circus ringmasters during the 19th and early 20th century.

High society

High society refers to the formal decorum and lifestyles associated with traditional upper class members.

Ringmaster

A ringmaster or ringleader is the highest ranking circus performer. He or she introduces the audience to the circus acts and guides them.

Ghaggar-Hakra River

Ghaggar-Hakra River is a river in India and Pakistan that flows only during the monsoon season. The river is known as Ghaggar in India, before the Ottu barrage, and as the Hakra in Pakistan, downstream of the barrage, ending in the Thar Desert.In pre-Harappan times the Hakra was a tributary of the Sutlej. It is still connected to this paleochannel of the Sutlej, and possibly the Yamuna, which ended in the Nara River, presently a delta channel of the Indus River joining the sea via Sir Creek.

Cowboy hat

A cowboy hat or ten gallon hat is the hat style most associated with the wild west and worn by cowboys and cowgirls. The hats are wide brimmed with high crowns and may be an adaptation of the sombrero.

Frontier

A frontier is the unknown or sparcely settled region beyond the borders of an established civilization.

White tie

White tie is a formal dress code and the most formal one, akin to black tie.

Tropical cyclones that affected the Philippines in 2022

This is a lists of tropical cyclones that affected the Philippines in 2022.
This season, PAGASA will use its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones that either develop within or move into their self-defined area of responsibility. The names were taken from a list of names last used during 2018 and are scheduled to be used again during 2026. All of the names are the same except Obet and Rosita, replacing the names Ompong and Rosita after these were retired.


The unused tropical cyclone names is the names of the following Caloy, Domeng, Ester, Florita, Gardo, Henry, Inday, Josie, Karding, Luis, Maymay, Neneng, Obet, Paeng, Queenie, Rosal, Samuel and Tomas

This table summarizes all the systems that developed within or moved into the Philippines, to the west of the International Date Line during 2022. The tables also provide a brief summary of a systems intensity, duration, land areas affected and any deaths or damages associated with the system.

Alba, Piedmont

Alba is an Italian city in Piedmont. It is in the Province of Cuneo. About 31,000 people live there.

The confectionery group Ferrero is based there.

Billund

Billund is a town in Jutland, Denmark. In 2021, 6,643 people lived there.

The toy company Lego has its main office in Billund. It is also the site of a theme park Legoland and Billund Airport which is the second largest airport in Denmark.

Chalezeule

Chalezeule is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chamesol

Chamesol is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Champagney, Doubs

Champagney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Eustace Roskill, Baron Roskill

Eustace Wentworth Roskill, Baron Roskill (6 February 1911 – 3 October 1996) was a British lawyer and public servant.

He was known for the Roskill Commission to find a suitable location for the 3rd London Airport, which he recommended Cublington in Buckinghamshire.

Champlive

Champlive is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Honeycreeper (disambiguation)

Honeycreeper is a term for several kinds of songbirds:

Honeycreeper may also refer to:

Champvans-les-Moulins

Champvans-les-Moulins is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chantrans

Chantrans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Charmauvillers

Charmauvillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ben Avon, Pennsylvania

Ben Avon is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is along the Ohio River. 1,918 people lived here at the 2020 census.

The Day of the Locust (movie)

The Day of the Locust is a 1975 American crime drama movie directed by John Schlesinger and was based on the 1939 novel of the same name by Nathanael West. It stars William Atherton, Karen Black, Donald Sutherland, Burgess Meredith, Geraldine Page, Bo Hopkins, Billy Barty, Jackie Earle Haley, Gloria LeRoy, Norman Leavitt, Madge Kennedy and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1976.


Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock

Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock is a town in Gütersloh in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is near the Eggegebirge, about 15 km east of Gütersloh and 15 km southeast of Bielefeld. It is the source of the river Ems.

Charnay, Doubs

Charnay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Charquemont

Charquemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Wangerooge

Wangerooge is one of the 32 Frisian Islands in the North Sea close to the coasts of the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark. It is also a municipality in Friesland in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Kiyoshi Kuromiya

Kiyoshi Kuromiya (May 9, 1943 – May 10, 2000) was a Japanese American author and civil rights, anti-war, gay liberation, and HIV/AIDS activist. 

He was born in Wyoming at the World War II–era Japanese American internment camp known as Heart Mountain. Kuromiya became an aide to Martin Luther King Jr. and a prominent opponent of the Vietnam War during the 1960s.
Kuromiya was one of the founders of the Gay Liberation Front Philadelphia. He also founded the Critical Path Project and its newsletter. He was also the editor of ACT UP's Standard of Care, the first medical treatment and cultural competency guidelines produced for people living with HIV by people living with HIV/AIDS. He died on May 10, 2000, a day after his 57th birthday.

The Duellists

The Duellists is a 1977 British American historical drama movie directed by first time director Ridley Scott and was based on the short story of the same name by Joseph Conrad. It stars Harvey Keitel, Keith Carradine, Albert Finney, Edward Fox, Diana Quick, Pete Postlethwaite, Tom Conti, John McEnery, Alun Armstrong, Maurice Colbourne, Gay Hamilton and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax iquitorum

Scinax iquitorum is a frog. It lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it near Río Nanay and Río Yavari.

This frog is light green on the back with bright yellow color on its sides. It has black spots. The backs of its back legs are black. The iris of its eye is gold or the color of bronze.

TV Japan

TV Japan is a 24-hour Japanese language television channel geared towards the Japanese diaspora in the USA and Canada.

Bad Säckingen

Bad Säckingen is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is next to the Swiss border on the river Rhine.


Triel-sur-Seine

Triel-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Chanteloup-les-Vignes

Chanteloup-les-Vignes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Aigremont, Yvelines

Aigremont is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Chassagne-Saint-Denis

Chassagne-Saint-Denis is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Châteauvieux-les-Fossés

Châteauvieux-les-Fossés is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Châtillon-Guyotte

Châtillon-Guyotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

MBC 3

MBC 3 is a free-to-air children's channel launched on 8 December 2004, and appeals to children under the age of 15. All foreign television animated programs have been dubbed into Arabic. The channel also produces its own original programmes. It was owned by the Middle Eastern company MBC Group.

MBC 3 started airing Nickelodeon shows following the closure of Nickelodeon Arabia in 2011. It includes Nicktoons such as "T.U.F.F. Puppy", "The Fairly OddParents" and "SpongeBob SquarePants" are also present in the channel, but they are dubbed. The Nick Jr. Channel shows include "LazyTown", "Go Diego Go", "The Backyardigans", "Little Bill", and "Blue's Clues". "Dora the Explorer" and "Blue's Room". 
MBC 3 is known in the Middle East for censoring scenes unsuitable for Islamic audiences, such as visual romance outside of marriage, kissing before marriage scenes, awkward angles of female characters, sensual scenes between members of the opposite sex, cross-dressed men, references to alcohol and gambling, references to non-Islamic religious content and visually-grotesque scenes. However, the channel does not have a proper consensus of its censoring policy, featuring cuts that are so heavily edited it renders plot continuities inconsistent.
MBC 3 has separate pay-TV feeds which broadcast in Europe and the United States. They target the overseas Arab diaspora and air the same Arabic dubs as the main channel. The US feed is exclusive to Dish Network.

on December 2, 2004. a promo for the Channel was unveiled, revealing the channel’s branding, the promo even scheduled the channel to launch on December 8, 2004.

The channel officially was first announced launched on 8 December 2004. The channel originally launched as a on the main, the branding for the channel was designed by UK design house Turquoise who also did the idents.

on December 8, 2005. to celebrate its 1st anniversary, the channel was given a rebranding, along with a new mascot, a green cube named “Cubee” who later became the channel’s mascot to this day.

The channel marked its tenth anniversary on 8 December 2014.

On 18 September 2017, the channel underwent a major rebrand to a comic strip background, in which on-screen imagery featured a comic book aesthetic. This is the current era of the channel.

On 23 March 2020, MBC 3 had a major rebrand with a new logo on-screen. The new logo was just like the modern logo but the number 3 is outside the cube.

From 24 March 2020 to 22 June 2020, following the COVID-19 pandemic, MBC 3 used a logo with a house displayed on-screen and slogans ("With you at home.") 










Châtillon-le-Duc

Châtillon-le-Duc is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chaucenne

Chaucenne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chay, Doubs

Chay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chazot

Chazot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chemaudin et Vaux

Chemaudin et Vaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Chemaudin (the seat) and Vaux-les-Prés.

Chemaudin

Chemaudin is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Chemaudin et Vaux.

Vaux-les-Prés

Vaux-les-Prés is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Chemaudin et Vaux.

Chenecey-Buillon

Chenecey-Buillon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Villars-sous-Écot

Villars-sous-Écot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chevigney-sur-l'Ognon

Chevigney-sur-l'Ognon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Chevillotte

La Chevillotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Valdemoro

Valdemoro is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. It is 27 km from the capital Madrid.

Irun

Irun (, ) is a municipality of 62,933 people (2021). It is in the province of Gipuzkoa in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain. It is on the border with France.

Getxo

Getxo is a municipality of 77,139 people (2021). It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Banning, California

Banning is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 29,505 people lived there. It is in the San Gorgonio Pass, also known as "Banning Pass".

Brooks, Alberta

Brooks is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. In 2021, 14,924 people live in Brooks.

Colors Kannada

Colors Kannada is an Indian television channel. ETV Kannada

Memphis, Michigan

Memphis is a city in Macomb and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Suburbanisation

Suburbanisation or Suburbanization is when people move from the city center to the outskirts of the city, or the suburbs. Suburbanization is linked with urbanization, where people move from the countryside (called rural areas) to the cities. There is also a process called counterurbanization, where a city loses its attractiveness, and people move back to the countryside. If suburbanisation happens in very large cities, this can lead to the establishment of new Satellite cities and commuter towns. Functionally satelite cities and commuter towns are linked to the main city (as most people still work in the main city, and commute to work there). 

There are a number of problems linked to suburbanization:


In the suburbs, suburbanization also has effects:


The first moves to suburbanization were the establishment of garden cities in England, and the establishment of better off neighbourhoods in the US and Europe. Both happened in the late 19th and early 20th century. Suburbanization and urban sprawl started in the U.S. in the 1920s, when cars became affordable. In 1939, 13 percent of the peolple in the U.S. lived in suburbs; in 2010, they were over 50 percent.

In the 1960s, living in the cities became much more expensive in Europe, so many commuter towns were built. 

In Eastern Europe, suburbanization started after 1990; before there were few ways to build a private home. In Asia, suburbanization started when the colonial powers (mostly England and the Netherlands) started to build suburbs for the mansions of their people. 

Informal settlements, such as slums or Favelas, are also a form of suburbanization in developing countries. In China, there has a strong movement to move outside the cities since 1995. It is not a form of suburbanization, as it is driven by large industrial complexes. The owners of these complexes also build settlements to house the people who work there.

Richmond, Michigan

Richmond is a city in Macomb and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Indevillers

Indevillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chevroz

Chevroz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chouzelot

Chouzelot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cléron

Cléron is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Colombier-Fontaine

Colombier-Fontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Corcelle-Mieslot

Corcelle-Mieslot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Corcondray

Corcondray is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Côtebrune

Côtebrune is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courcelles, Doubs

Courcelles is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courcelles-lès-Montbéliard

Courcelles-lès-Montbéliard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dasle

Dasle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vandoncourt

Vandoncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hérimoncourt

Hérimoncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Thulay

Thulay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Roches-lès-Blamont

Roches-lès-Blamont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Meslières

Meslières is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Glay, Doubs

Glay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bernay, Eure

Bernay is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Courchapon

Courchapon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sarah Chang

Sarah Chang (born December 10, 1980) is a Korean American violinist.

Chang was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her mother was a composer and her father was a violinist. She started at the Julliard School at age five. Her mentor was the violinist Isaac Stern. 

Chang can be viewed as a child prodigy due to her abilities. 

She began working with the New York Philharmonic at age 8 under Zubin Mehta. She made her first album "Debut" in 1991, which was a classical best-seller. Since then she become famous and performed in concert halls worldwide.

In 2002, Chang gave a performance in North Korea. She has also been a cultural ambassador for the U.S. 

Chang's discography includes about a dozen CDs. Her repertoire includes works by Pablo de Sarasate, Edward Elgar, Nicolo Paganini, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Camille Saint-Saëns: Felix Mendelssohn, Jean Sibelius, Richard Strauss, Dmitri Shostakovich, Antonio Vivaldi, Max Bruch and others. 

Chang plays several violins and owns the 1717 Guarneri del Gesu by the Cremonese luthier, Giuseppe Guarneri del Gesù. 


Cour-Saint-Maurice

Cour-Saint-Maurice is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courtefontaine, Doubs

Courtefontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Crosey-le-Grand

Crosey-le-Grand is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Past continuous

The past continuous (also called past progressive) is one of the continuous verb forms in English. (The continuous forms are: present continuous, past continuous, and future continuous). The past continuous tense mainly describes actions that are in progress at a particular time in the past time frame. 

Affirmative sentences in the past continuous are formed using verb be (was / were) + base verb -ing. 


Negative sentences are formed by adding not (or the short form n't) to the past tense of the verb be.


Yes/no question are formed using the past form of the verb be (was / were) + subject + base verb-ing.

Wh-questions begin with one of the wh-question words. (Wh-question words are: what, where, when, why, who, which, whose, how.)

Bollezeele

Bollezeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,424 people lived there.


Romeries

Romeries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 469 people lived there.


Crosey-le-Petit

Crosey-le-Petit is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bradley Winslow

Bradley Winslow (August 1, 1831 – October 24, 1914) was an American soldier, lawyer, and politician. He became a lieutenant in the Union Army during the American Civil War in 1861. In August 1862, Winslow fought in the Northern Virginia campaign. 

From 1864 to 1865, Winslow was the colonel of the 186th New York Volunteers. While he was colonel, he helped capture forts during the Siege of Petersburg. He was the mayor of Watertown, New York in 1875. He was also a member of the 21st District of the New York State Senate in 1880 and 1881.

Winslow's ancestors were English pioneers. His great great great great great grandfather was Kenelm Winslow, who was a pilgrim who traveled to Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1629.

Bradley Winslow was born on August 1, 1831. He was born on the farm owned by his father, John Winslow. The farm was in the town of Watertown, New York away from the city of Watertown. Winslow went to schools in the Watertown City School District as a boy. On December 1, 1847, Winslow started going to Cazenovia College. In 1851 and 1852, he studied at Falley Seminary. From 1852 to 1853, Winslow studied at Wyoming Seminary. 

Winslow started to study law in the office of James F. Starbuck in autumn 1853. In 1854 Winslow started going to Poughkeepsie Law School. Winslow was admitted to the bar in July 1855. Winslow was taught by Starbuck in Winslow's first year of being a lawyer. Winslow opened a law firm on January 1, 1856 after a year with Starbuck. In spring 1856 Winslow started to work with J.L. Bigelow. They started a law firm named Winslow & Bigelow. In 1859 Winslow was nominated to be district attorney and was elected on January 1, 1861.

The American Civil War started in 1861. When it started, Winslow quit his job as district attorney and volunteered to be a First Lieutenant in the Black River Corps, a Union Army military organization in Watertown, on May 13, 1861. Winslow was mustered in to Company A of the 35th New York Infantry Regiment on June 11, 1861 as captain. Winslow was promoted to lieutenant colonel on August 31, 1861. On October 26, 1861, Winslow and his regiment captured Lieutenant H. J. Siegal's Cavalry near Falls Church, Virginia. 

In August 1862, Winslow fought in the Northern Virginia campaign. On August 9, 1862, Winslow and the 35th New York Regiment fought in the Battle of Cedar Mountain. On August 23, 1862, Winslow commanded the 35th New York Infantry Regiment in the First Battle of Rappahannock Station. From August 28 to 30, 1862, Winslow fought in the Second Battle of Bull Run. While fighting in the Northern Virginia campaign, Winslow got typhoid fever, and he left the Union Army because of it on December 18, 1862. Winslow became a soldier again on August 22, 1864. He was mustered in as the colonel of the 186th New York Infantry Regiment on September 28, 1864.

Ulysses S. Grant wanted to attack the Confederate Army in Petersburg, Virginia, and make them abandon Petersburg and the Confederate capital, Richmond. After the Battle of Five Forks on April 1, 1865, Grant commanded the Union Army to attack Petersburg.

On April 2, 1865, the Union Army attacked Petersburg. General Simon Goodell Griffin made six of his regiments stand in a column at around 2 A.M., with one regiment in front of the other. His plan was to have all of his regiments attack Battery 28, which was a fort in between Fort Heaven and Fort Mahone, and that eventually one of the regiments can be able to get inside the fort. The 186th New York Regiment was the last in the column. Winslow remembered later that while getting ready to capture the fort, he heard "Screaming, hissing shot and shell, interspersed with the sharp whiz and ping of leaden bullets, seemed passing everywhere above our heads".

A captain turned to Winslow and shook his hand, and said "It will be hot, god bless you". Then, Winslow turned to his regiment, and said "Attention, Battalion! Shoulder arms! Forward, guide center. March!". At 4:30 AM, the attack started. The front regiments were all shot, until the 186th regiment was the only regiment left. The 186th New York Regiment quickly captured Battery 28. Winslow looked at the rooftops in Petersburg and saw no soldiers, and he thought that the Union Army already won. The Confederate Army still had a secondary line, and still had Fort Mahone, and they shot at Winslow and his regiment. Winslow was shot below between his lower left ribs by a Minié ball. The Minié ball went through his body and came out on the right side near his spine. 

Abraham Lincoln brevetted Winslow Brigadier general of US Volunteers on April 9, 1865, which was allowed by the United States Senate. Winslow was discharged from the army on June 2, 1865. He was made a lieutenant in the 22nd United States Infantry. He left the army instead and returned to Watertown, and he became a lawyer again. On June 13, 1865, general Simon Goodell Griffin sent a letter to Winslow thanking him for being brave during the Siege of Petersburg. The letter said:

On October 25, 1865, Winslow was elected district attorney of Jefferson County again until 1868. In 1868, Winslow became a brigadier general in the New York Army National Guard as the head of the 16th Brigade for about six years. Winslow was elected as the mayor of the city of Watertown in December 1875 for one term. Winslow chose not to be re-elected as mayor again. Winslow was a member of the 21st District of the New York State Senate in 1880 and 1881 as a Republican. 

From 1883 to 1884, he managed the Northern New York Republican, a newspaper. In June 1908, Winslow was one of the delegates in the 1908 Republican National Convention to nominate a candidate for member of the United States Congress for the 28th congressional district (which is now part of the 21st district). He was the choice of everyone in the convention to be the chairperson. In December 1912, Luther Wright Mott wrote a private bill to make Winslow officially retired. Winslow was paid $3,000 a year, because of inflation.

When Winslow was 14 years old, his mother died. On March 21, 1847, Winslow started to live with his uncle, Willard Ives. Winslow married Geraldine M. Cooper on November 15, 1855. Winslow and Cooper had three children, one boy and two girls. His son, John Cooper Winslow, was born on October 22, 1856 in Watertown. Geraldine died on August 24, 1896 after accidentally being thrown out of a carriage. Winslow married Poppie H. Burdick on January 22, 1901 in Cook County, Illinois. 

Bradley Winslow died on October 24, 1914 at 2:30 PM, after being ill from pneumonia for a few days. He died in Samaritan Medical Center in Watertown, New York. Winslow was buried at Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York. He was a member of the Grand Army of the Republic when he died, and he helped start the Joe Spratt Post Number 323 in Watertown.



Crouzet-Migette

Crouzet-Migette is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cubrial

Cubrial is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cubry

Cubry is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cusance

Cusance is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chaux-lès-Clerval

Chaux-lès-Clerval is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Pays-de-Clerval.

Clerval

Clerval is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Pays-de-Clerval.

Pays-de-Clerval

Pays-de-Clerval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Clerval (the seat) and Santoche. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Chaux-lès-Clerval was merged into Pays-de-Clerval.


Santoche

Santoche is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Pays-de-Clerval.

Buscemi

Buscemi is an Italian town in Sicily. About 1,000 people lived there.

Cuse-et-Adrisans

Cuse-et-Adrisans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cussey-sur-Lison

Cussey-sur-Lison is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2022, Châtillon-sur-Lison became a part of the commune of Cussey-sur-Lison.

Cussey-sur-l'Ognon

Cussey-sur-l'Ognon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Monopoli

Monopoli is a city in southern Italy. It is in the Apulia Region. About 50,000 people live there.

Sonic X

The show follows a group of anthropomorphic animals. They are teleported from their home planet to Earth. This happens after they try to save one of their friends from their enemy Doctor Eggman. \Sonic the Hedgehog is saved by a human boy named Chris Thorndyke. Chris helps him find his friends while fighting with Doctor Eggman and his robots. They fight to get control of the powerful Chaos Emeralds. The final story arc saw Sonic and his friends return with Chris to their world.

"Sonic X" received mixed reviews. Most critics did not like its changes to be more American and some characters. They did like its story and the way it looked. The series was popular in the United States and France. It was less popular in Japan. The merchandise for the show included an edutainment video game for the Leapster, a trading card game, a comic book and many toys.

Lucas Digne

Lucas Digne (born 20 July 1993) is a French football player. He plays as a left-back for Premier League club Aston Villa and the France national team.

Robert de Visée

Robert de Visee ( 1732/1733) was a French guitarist, lutenist, theorbist, and composer.

Most of his early life is not known. He was called a theorbist in a letter written by Jean-Léonor Le Gallois de Grimarest. He published a book of guitar music in 1682. He was part of King Louis XIV's chamber musicians. He became the guitar teacher of King Louis XV in 1719. Even so, he and his son were already called (English: "Masters of the guitar") in 1690. He got his last payment as a court musician in 1732. It is thought that he died around that year.

Watertown City School District

The Watertown City School District is a school district inside Watertown, New York. 
There are 8 schools in the Watertown City School District:




Neues Museum

The Neues Museum (English: New Museum) is one of the buildings on the Museuminsel (Museum Island) in Berlin. It is part of an UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Museum includes an Egyptian Museum, a papyrus collection, Museum for Pre- and Protohistory and sections of the antique collection. The museum was built between 1843 to 1855 under King Frederick William IV of Prussia. It has both Neoclassical and Renaissance Revival styles. The architecture is by Friedrich August Stüler. 

The Nefertiti Bust and The Berlin Gold Hat are famous artifacts held at the museum.

Pabellón de Arteaga Municipality

Pabellón de Arteaga is a municipality of 11 municipalities in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes and located in the central part of it, its capital is the city of Pabellón de Arteaga with a population of 47,646 inhabitants in 2020.


Durham, Maine

Durham is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Greene, Maine

Greene is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Leeds, Maine

Leeds is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Lisbon, Maine

Lisbon is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Jesús María, Aguascalientes

Jesús María is a city in the state of Aguascalientes and is the capital of the municipality of the same name.

In 2020 it had a population of 130,000 inhabitants, making it the second largest city in Aguascalientes only below Aguascalientes City, its main activities are livestock, agriculture and forestry, it has a twinning with Queen Creek, Arizona.


Livermore Falls, Maine

Livermore Falls is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Livermore, Maine

Livermore is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Nineteen Eighty-Four (1984 movie)

Nineteen Eighty-Four is a 1984 British dystopian science fiction movie directed by Michael Radford and was based on the 1949 novel of the same name by George Orwell. It stars John Hurt, Richard Burton, Cyril Cusack, Suzanna Hamilton, Gregor Fisher, Roger Lloyd-Peck, Shirley Stelfox, Stephen Yardley, Hugh Walters and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It features music by the group Eurythmics.


Crystal Hill, Arkansas

Crystal Hill is an unincorporated community in Pulaski County, Arkansas, United States.

Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca

Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca was one of the first explorers of America. He was one of four men who had survived Narváez expedition. After returning to Spain, he wrote a book named La relación y comentarios.

Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together

Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together is an RPG developed and published by Square Enix.

Algonac, Michigan

Algonac is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

Mason Mount

Mason Tony Mount (born 10 January 1999) is an English football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder for Manchester United and the England national team. His father Ollie Thorpe taught him the strength in his ball knowledge which brought his where he is now.

In an interview in 2019 he had noted how he looks up to players like, Finn Dunning, Shemesha Johnny and Ozzy Wozzy Fage Yogurt which gave him the courage to become pro.

His father, former Real Madrid player (Ollie Thorpe) ,

His youth manager former PFC manager (Leo Hughes) Taught him the in's and out's of the game.

Chelsea Youth

Chelsea

England U19

England

Individual

Dannemarie-sur-Crète

Dannemarie-sur-Crète is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dambelin

Dambelin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dambenois

Dambenois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dammartin-les-Templiers

Dammartin-les-Templiers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dampierre-les-Bois

Dampierre-les-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dampierre-sur-le-Doubs

Dampierre-sur-le-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dampjoux

Dampjoux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Damprichard

Damprichard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Windows Movie Maker

Windows Movie Maker (also known as Windows Live Movie Maker) is an discontinued video recorder software released on September 14, 2000 for Windows ME and on October 25, 2001 for Windows XP. Windows Movie Maker supports Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. Windows Movie Maker was discontinued on January 10, 2017, along with the discontinuation of Windows Live Essentials, later replaced by Video Editor on Windows 10.

Windows Movie Maker was released for the Windows ME operating system on September 14, 2000 and for Windows XP on October 25, 2001. In 2007, it was released as Windows Live Movie Maker for Windows Vista and added to Windows Live Essentials.

Windows Movie Maker has supported Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. It has been discontinued on January 10, 2017, along with Windows Live Essentials. It was replaced by Video Editor on Windows 10.


Nelly van Balen Blanken

Petronella "Nelly"/"Nel" Blaauboer-van Balen Blanken, with surname also spelled as Blauwboer and Blauwbos (18 November 1917 — 29 October 2008) was a Dutch athlete, who competed in the high jump, long jump and hurdles in the late 1930s and 1940s. She was named Dutch Athlete of the Year in 1938. She was a member of athletics club and represented the Netherlands at international competitions. Fanny Blankers-Koen was a member of the same club in the same period. She became the silver high jump medalist at the 1938 European Athletics Championships. 

One of her first main international achievement was in 1937, when Van Balen won the high jump event in an international competition against Germany.

Van Balen Blanken won the silver medal at the 1938 European Athletics Championships in the high jump event. In October 1938 she became the European record holder in the high jump, after the record was taken from record holder Dora Ratjen who turned out to be a male in a medical research. 

During her career Van Balen Blanken won many medals at the National Championships. She became national champion in 1938 ahead of Fanny Blankers-Koen. In 1940 she won silver medals in the long jump and high jump, both behind Blankers-Koen. At the 1943 national championships she became national champion in the high jump and 80 metres.

She continued competing after her marriage. Her last reported achievements, including competing still at international competitions, are from 1948.

Van Balen Blanken was born on 18 November 1917 in Anna Paulowna. After the death of her husband Jacob Blaauboer, she died on 29 October 2008 in Schagen at the age of 90.


Voillans

Voillans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Deluz

Deluz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Désandans

Désandans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is about 10 km west-northwest of Montbéliard.

Déservillers

Déservillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Échay

Échay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Devecey

Devecey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dung, Doubs

Dung is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Durnes

Durnes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Échenans

Échenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Échevannes, Doubs

Échevannes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

École-Valentin

École-Valentin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is twinned with Rathcoole in County Dublin, Ireland.

Rathcoole, County Dublin

Rathcoole () is a village in County South Dublin in Ireland. It is southwest of the capital Dublin. In 2016, 4,351 people live in Rathcoole.

Rathcoole is twinned with:

Les Écorces

Les Écorces is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Écot

Écot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

L'Écouvotte

L'Écouvotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Écurcey

Écurcey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Émagny

Émagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sol Aragones

Marisol Castillo Aragones-Sampelo (born Marisol Castillo Aragones; November 6, 1977) is a Filipino politician. She serves as the representatives of Laguna's 3rd district since 2013. Before entering politics, she was a news presenter for ABS-CBN from 1998 to 2012.

Morlupo

Morlupo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio. It is about north of Rome.

Torrita Tiberina

Torrita Tiberina is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio. It is about north of Rome.

Filacciano

Filacciano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio. It is about north of Rome.

Scinax juncae

Scinax juncae is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 23.0 to 27.1 mm long from nose to rear end. There is a yellow stripe going side to side on its face. Its back is green-brown with yellow-green stripes going from front to back. Its head is larger than its body.

This frog lives in the edges of forests with bodies of water in them, for examples springs, ponds, and streams. They also live in open places that are near forests. When the scientists caught the frogs, they were sitting on small, woody plants.

Scientists named this frog after a scientist: Dr. Flora Acuña Juncá. She studied amphibians in Brazil.

Gilroy, California

Gilroy is a city in Santa Clara County, California. It is about 30 miles (50 km) south of downtown San Jose.

Ibiza (city)

Ibiza () is a city and municipality on the southeastern coast of the island of Ibiza in the Balearic Islands autonomous community.

Sorrento

Sorrento is an Italian town in Campania. About 16,500 people live there.

Taillecourt

Taillecourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Épeugney

Épeugney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Esnans

Esnans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Éternoz

Éternoz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étouvans

Étouvans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étrabonne

Étrabonne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étrappe

Étrappe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Faimbe

Faimbe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ferrières-le-Lac

Ferrières-le-Lac is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ferrières-les-Bois

Ferrières-les-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fertans

Fertans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fesches-le-Châtel

Fesches-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Martin-la-Plaine

Saint-Martin-la-Plaine is a commune in the Loire department in central France.

Saint-Martin-la-Plaine is twinned with:

La Frénaye

La Frénaye is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

La Frénaye is twinned with:

Feule

Feule is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Leo Verburgt

Leonardus “Leo” Verburgt also written as Léon Verburgt (26 July 1935 - 12 October 2014) was a Dutch swimmer, water polo player, painter and visual artist. 

In swimming he was multiple national champion and the Dutch record holder in the 200 and 400 meters freestyle. After his sports career he became director of the . Next to his sports career he was also an artist.

Verburgt did his first swimming record attempt in 1954 when he was trained by Hans Krischer and a member of ZON (Zwemvereniging Oranje Nassau).

In 1958 he couldn't join the Dutch team to a competition in Wuppertal due to an illness. In August he competed at the European Championships.

In July 1959 he saved a cat from drowning in the Dommel and went to a nearby sports location to gave him an oxygen mask. The same month he improved the Dutch national record in the 200 metres freestyle with 2.3 seconds. In August 1959 he became national champion in the 1500 metres, a distance he never swam before. He also became champion in the 400 metres. In February 1960, he broke Dutch national record in the 200 metres freestyle with 5 seconds. In January and again in May 1960 he broke the 200 freestyle metres record (25 metres pool).

In July 1960 he was for the third time part of the Dutch relay team swimming a national record in the 4x200 metres freestyle. The same month he was noticed that had to turn op for a training as part of his military service in the period of the 1960 Summer Olympics. This was seen as a degradation of the Dutch relay swimming team and was described a disappointment for many people. Later he was promised that he was allowed to skip the training if he would participate at the Olympics. However NOC*NSF had decided not to send the relay team to the Olympics. A few days later he was invited by NOC*NSF to come as a spectator to the Olympics, but Verburgt had mixed feelings about the invitation. He stated to stop with competitive swimming but in early 1961 he wanted to return in the national team. He continued swimming at elite level, including at international competitions and broke several regional records. One of his last reported competitive swimming achievement was in April 1963.

Verburgt was also a water polo player for the PSV team. The team became national champion. He also competed with this team internationally. He still played for PSV in December 1963.

He has been reached by Jan Gregoor and Harry Stump. He was a member of “Cultureel Kontact”. He worked from Eindhoven, Heerlen, Eersel and also from New Guinea.

In January 1958 he finished a wall paining at the Sportfondsenbad.


Verburgt was born on 26 July 1935 in Capelle aan den IJssel. He lived in Eindhoven. He moved temporary to southern Limburg and returned to Eindhoven in 1958. After his sports career he became director of the . He died on 12 October 2014, at the age of 79.

Flagey, Doubs

Flagey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Flagey-Rigney

Flagey-Rigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fleurey

Fleurey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Pergamon Museum

The Pergamon Museum is one of the buildings that is on the Museuminsel (Museum Island) in Berlin, Germany and is part of an UNESCO World Heritage Site. It contains the Antique Collection, Vorderasiatisches Museum (Near East Museum) and the Museum for Islamic Art.

German Emperor Wilhelm II commissioned the construction of the museum between 1910 and 1930. The building takes on a Striped classicism style. During World War II, the museum was partially damaged. Russian troops took some artifacts from the museum. Some are still today in Russian possession. Others were returned in 1958 to East Germany. 
Notable exhibition pieces include: 



Tønsberg

Tønsberg is a city and municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. In 2022, 57,794 people live in Tønsberg.



Will Young (cricketer)

William Alexander Young was born on November 22nd, 1992. He plays cricket on the New Zealand team. He joined the team in December of 2020. Before that, in 2019, he hurt his shoulder and had to have surgery. 

Who's That Girl (1987 movie)

Who's That Girl is a 1987 romantic comedy movie. It was directed by James Foley. The writers were Andrew Smith and Ken Finkleman. It stars Madonna and Griffin Dunne. It is about a girl who is falsely accused of murdering her boyfriend—this means she did not murder him, but the police think she did. She is sent to jail. After she gets out, she meets a man. The man is supposed to make sure she gets on her bus back to Philadelphia. She makes him want to help her catch the people who made her get arrested. While the man and the woman look for the criminals, they also start to love each other.


Boron, California

Boron is a populated place in Kern County, California. It had a 2020 population of 2,086. It is home to Boron Jr. Sr. High School.

The Addams Family 2

The Addams Family 2 is a 2021 computer-animated supernatural black comedy road movie directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon, co-directed by Laura Brousseau and Kevin Pavlovic, written by Dan Hernandez, Benji Samit, Ben Queen, and Susanna Fogel with a story by Hernandez and Samit, and based on the characters created by Charles Addams. It is the sequel to the 2019 film "The Addams Family" and stars the voices of Oscar Isaac, Charlize Theron, Chloë Grace Moretz, Nick Kroll, Snoop Dogg, Bette Midler, Javon Walton, Bill Hader and Wallace Shawn. It tells the story of the Addams family as they go on a road trip.

Spirit Untamed

Spirit Untamed is a 2021 American computer-animated adventure movie produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Universal Pictures. The movie is directed by Elaine Bogan and co-directed by Ennio Torresan Jr. (in their feature directorial debuts), from a screenplay written by Aury Wallington and Kristin Hahn, making this the second theatrical movie release of the "Spirit" franchise and is both a spin-off and a stand-alone sequel/reboot of the traditionally animated "" (2002) and loosely based on the characters from its Netflix animated spin-off television series "Spirit Riding Free", developed by Wallington.

It stars Isabela Merced, Jake Gyllenhaal, Marsai Martin, Mckenna Grace, Julianne Moore, Walton Goggins, and Andre Braugher, and follows a young girl named Fortuna "Lucky" Prescott who moves to the small rural community of Miradero, where she meets the titular wild kiger mustang. As the son of Spirit and Rain from "," she names the horse "Spirit" after his father, and Lucky immediately begins to bond with him. The movie was announced to be in development in October 2019, and production was done remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. The movie was dedicated to the memory of Kelly Asbury, the co-director of the original "Spirit" film, who born on January 15, 1960 and who died on June 26, 2020.

"Spirit Untamed" was theatrically released in the United States on June 4, 2021. The movie received mixed reviews from critics who deemed the movie inferior to the original and unnecessary. The movie was a box-office bomb after grossing $42 million worldwide against a budget of $30 million.


The Boss Baby: Family Business

The Boss Baby: Family Business (known in other territories as The Boss Baby 2: Family Business) is a 2021 American computer-animated comedy movie loosely based on the 2010 picture book "The Boss Baby" and its 2016 sequel "The Bossier Baby" by Marla Frazee, produced by DreamWorks Animation, and distributed by Universal Pictures. The movie is the second installment in "The Boss Baby" franchise and the sequel to the 2017 movie, the movie is directed by Tom McGrath, from a screenplay by Michael McCullers with a story by McGrath and McCullers, and stars the voices of Alec Baldwin, James Marsden, Amy Sedaris, Ariana Greenblatt, Jeff Goldblum, Eva Longoria, Jimmy Kimmel, and Lisa Kudrow. The plot follows the now-adult Templeton brothers who are brought back together after Tim's daughter Tina requests their help for Baby Corp to stop a professor from erasing childhoods worldwide.

Plans for a "Boss Baby" sequel were announced in May 2017 with McGrath returning to direct. Animation began at DWA Glendale and some production assets were borrowed from Jellyfish Pictures, with voice acting being done remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The movie was theatrically released in the United States on July 2, 2021 in traditional and select RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema and 4DX locations, by Universal Pictures; it also streamed on paid tiers of Peacock for 60 days. The film grossed $146 million worldwide, and received generally mixed reviews from critics, with the Rotten Tomatoes critics consensus calling it "a painless diversion for the kids".

Family Business' Voice Cast Actors in Real Life]</ref>

Despicable Me (franchise)

Despicable Me is an American animated movie series. There are currently five movies: "Despicable Me" (2010), "Despicable Me 2" (2013), "Minions" (2015), "Despicable Me 3" (2017), "" (2022), "Despicable Me 4" (2024), Minions 3:TBA (2026), and Despicable Me 5 (2028)



The Secret Life of Pets (franchise)

The Secret Life of Pets is an American animated movie series. There are currently two movies: "The Secret Life of Pets" (2016), "The Secret Life of Pets 2" (2019).



Sing (franchise)

Sing is an American animated movie series. There are currently two movies: "Sing" (2016), "Sing 2" (2021).


Villars-Saint-Georges

Villars-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Rob Mul

Rob Mul (born 11 November 1940) is a Dutch former football defender. He played from July 1960 to June 1969 for NAC Breda. He became professional on 11 November 1961 and played 100 matches in the Eredivisie. He has been the team captain. In 1965 he suffered from a serious concusion after a collision with Sportclub Enschede player Willem de Vries. In 1966 a referee stopped a turbulent match against Xerxes while, according to Mul, the referee told him while walking from the field that three more minutes has to be played.

His father was international football goalkeeper Evert Mul.

Villars-sous-Dampjoux

Villars-sous-Dampjoux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fontaine-lès-Clerval

Fontaine-lès-Clerval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fontenelle-Montby

Fontenelle-Montby is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fontenotte

Fontenotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fourbanne

Fourbanne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The Villains of Valley View

The Villains of Valley View is an American comedy television series created by Chris Peterson and Bryan Moore that premiered on Disney Channel on June 3, 2022. The series stars Isabella Pappas, Malachi Barton, Reed Horstmann, Kayden Muller-Janssen, James Patrick Stuart, and Lucy Davis.

The series centers on a family of supervillains who must learn to live normal civilian lives.


On December 10, 2021, it was announced that Disney Channel had begun production in Los Angeles on "Meet the Mayhems", originally scheduled to premiere in summer 2022. The series was created by Chris Peterson and Bryan Moore, who also serve as executive producers and showrunners. On April 28, 2022, it was announced that the series, under the new title of "The Villains of Valley View", would premiere on June 3, 2022.

Fourg

Fourg is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

List of largest cities

This is a list of the largest cities in the world by number of people.

The number of people in a city can be counted in three ways:

Frambouhans

Frambouhans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Franey

Franey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Storks (movie)

Storks is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated adventure comedy movie.

It was produced by the Warner Animation Group and distributed by Warner Bros Pictures. It was directed by Nicholas Stoller and Doug Sweetland (the latter in his feature debut), written by Stoller.

"Smallfoot" was released in the United States on September 28, 2018. It had a mostly positive reception from critics. The movie grossed over $214 million worldwide.

The movie stars the voices of Kelsey Grammer, Andy Samberg, Katie Crown

Franois

Franois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Froidevaux

Froidevaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gémonval

Gémonval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Geneuille

Geneuille is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Geney

Geney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gennes, Doubs

Gennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sainte-Marie, Doubs

Sainte-Marie is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sainte-Suzanne, Doubs

Sainte-Suzanne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Goux-lès-Dambelin

Goux-lès-Dambelin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hyémondans

Hyémondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sourans

Sourans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Maurice-Colombier

Saint-Maurice-Colombier is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Meschede

Meschede is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Hochsauerlandkreis. About 30,000 people live there.


Haider Kiani

Haider Kiani was born 27 June, 1986. He is a cricketer for the Philippines and played 4 Twenty20 Internationals in March 2019.

Longevelle-sur-Doubs

Longevelle-sur-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lanthenans

Lanthenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Prétière

La Prétière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Germondans

Germondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gevresin

Gevresin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Tour-de-Sçay

La Tour-de-Sçay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

List of Mexico Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Mexican Twenty20 International cricketers.
Mexico's first T20I was against Belize on 25 April 2019 in the 2019 Central American Cricket Championship.

List of Uganda Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Ugandan Twenty20 International cricketers.

Rigney

Rigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 4)

The fourth season of SpongeBob SquarePants premiered on May 6, 2005, with the episodes "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man". The season ended on July 24, 2007 with the episode "Squid Wood". Unlike the previous seasons, season four was released in two volume DVDs. The volume one DVD was released in region one on September 12, 2006. The volume two DVD was released in region one on January 9, 2007, with nine episodes from the season being released on that DVD before airing on American television. The season set was released in its entirety in region two on November 3, 2008. 38 episodes were produced this season.

Bridgman, Michigan

Bridgman is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Buchanan, Michigan

Buchanan is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Coloma, Michigan

Coloma is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

New Buffalo, Michigan

New Buffalo is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Watervliet, Michigan

Watervliet is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Bronson, Michigan

Bronson is a city in Branch County, Michigan, United States.

Boyne City, Michigan

Boyne City is a city in Charlevoix County, Michigan, United States.

East Jordan, Michigan

East Jordan is a city in Charlevoix County, Michigan, United States.

Marine City, Michigan

Marine City is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

Marysville, Michigan

Marysville is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

Yale, Michigan

Yale is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

The Lego Movie (franchise)

The Lego Movie is an American animated movie series. There are currently four movies: "The Lego Movie" (2014), "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017), "The Lego Ninjago Movie" (2017) and "" (2019).




Hotel Transylvania (franchise)

Hotel Transylvania is an American animated movie series. There are currently four movies: "Hotel Transylvania" (2012), "Hotel Transylvania 2" (2015), "" (2018) and "" (2022) were also released. A TV show for Disney Channel called "".



Morbius

Morbius may mean:

Glitch Techs

Glitch Techs is an American animated streaming television series created by Eric Robles and Dan Milano for Nickelodeon and Netflix. The series premiered on Netflix on February 21, 2020, with a second season premiering on August 17 of the same year.

Eduardo Bolsonaro

Eduardo Nantes Bolsonaro (born July 10, 1984) is a Brazilian federal police officer and politician, Son of the former President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, he has been a federal deputy for the state of São Paulo since 2015.

In 2018, he was re-elected federal deputy, with 1 843 735 votes, being the most voted in the country's history. 

Flávio Bolsonaro

Flávio Nantes Bolsonaro ( born April 30, 1981), is a Brazilian businessman, lawyer and politician. He is the son of the current president of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro and Rogéria Nantes Nunes Braga.

Calvillo

Calvillo, is a city in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes and the capital of the municipality of the same name, it is located in the southwestern area and is the second most important city in Aguascalientes, after Aguascalientes City.

Calvillo had a population of 58,250 inhabitants (icluding the arounds) in 2020


Ultra Violet &amp; Black Scorpion

Ultra Violet & Black Scorpion is an American superhero coming-of-age action-comedy television series. It was developed by Leo Chu and Eric S. Garcia and created by Dan Hernandez and Benji Samit. It premiered on Disney Channel on June 3, 2022. The series stars Scarlett Estevez, J.R. Villarreal, Marianna Burelli, Juan Alfonso, Brandon Rossel, and Zelia Ankrum.

The series centers on 13-year-old Violet, who is chosen to be successor to her uncle.



Donald's Golf Game

Donald's Golf Game is a cartoon released by the Walt Disney Company in 1938.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


RecordTV Internacional

RecordTV Internacional is a Brazilian pay-TV and free-to-air channel. It broadcasts 24 hours via satellite and cable with digital parameters, all in Portuguese.
The main offices of the station are located in (United States) [Florida], (Europe) Lisbon, Paris.



The Hockey Champ

The Hockey Champ is a 1939 Donald Duck short film. It was produced in Technicolor and released by Walt Disney Productions.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


All in a Nutshell

All in a Nutshell is a 1949 Donald Duck animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and originally released on 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures in Technicolor.


The short was released on December 11, 2007, on "".


Polsat 1

Polsat 1 is a Polish television channel belonging to Telewizja Polsat. 
It was launched on December 18, 2015, replacing Polsat 2 abroad. It is for viewers of Polish origin, staying abroad. 
On April 6, 2020 Polsat 1 changed its logo and graphic design along with neighboring Polsat channels. Polsat 1 didn't change logo, the number 1 was only changed.

The channel offers Polsat series, including:

They also have programs directed to Polish people living in the United States like Oblicza Ameryki.

Newsroom (website)

Newsroom is a online news website in New Zealand. It focuses on New Zealand politics, current affairs and social issues. It is using English.

The website started on 2017 with the help of four "foundation sponsors", including the University of Auckland and Victoria University of Wellington.


Polsat News

Polsat News is a Polish news channel. It was launched on 7 June 2008 at 7:00am (UTC+1). Being a part of the Polsat Network, Polsat News is owned by Polsat Group. It is available over Cyfrowy Polsat, nc+ and UPC Poland digital platforms in Poland. It is broadcast on Hot Bird 6, 11158V, 27500 3/4.


Ushaw College

Ushaw College (formally St Cuthbert's College, Ushaw), is a former Catholic seminary near the village of Ushaw Moor, County Durham, England.


Jungle Junction

Jungle Junction is a kids' show created by Trevor Ricketts. In the US, the show started as part of its Playhouse Disney block for preschoolers. On February 14, 2011, it was moved to Disney Junior. It's about animal-vehicles on their adventures. It premiered on Discovery Family on October 1, 2013.

The show's broadcast on Disney Junior in the United States and in the Netherlands. It is also broadcast in the United Kingdom and Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Turkey and in most of Asia. It was made in the UK by animation company Spider Eye Productions.



Sacré-Coeur

The Basilica of Sacre-Coeur is a minor basilica in Paris, France constructed in 1885 near the site of the Paris Commune. it is in Montmartre.. The foundation was laid in 1875. It was finished in 1914. It is named after the Sacred Heart of Jesus. It is built in the Romano-Byzantine style. The church was consecrated in 1919.


Donald's Tire Trouble

Donald's Tire Trouble is a cartoon by Walt Disney Productions, featuring their character Donald Duck. 

It was directed by Dick Lundy and released in 1943. The cartoon pokes fun at the difficulties involved in America's rubber rationing, a consequence of World War II.



The short was released on December 6, 2005, on "".

Additional releases include:

Beauvais-Tillé Airport

Beauvais-Tille Airport is one of the two main airports serving Paris, France. It's in the city of Beauvais and the airport has limited operating hours, being closed every night between 23:30 and 06:30 due to local noise restrictions as it is located in a quiet residential area. The main terminal has a few restaurants and stores.

Donald's Garden

Donald's Garden is a 1942 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions. 

Donald has a garden with lots of melons. A gopher comes and eats the melons, and Donald tries to stop him.


The short was released on December 6, 2005 on "".


Terminal

Terminal can mean:


Jadeworld (USA)

Jadeworld is a programming package operated by TVB (USA) Inc.. TVB USA is headquartered in Los Angeles, with other operators in New York and San Francisco.
TVB Channels cover an array of dramas, variety shows, U.S. and Hong Kong news, and sports.

TVB covers local, U.S. and Hong Kong news. U.S. and Hong Kong news is only offered on TVB's Jadeworld channels. local news clips on the TVB website.

Although TVB has a limited sports coverage that includes the Olympics, FIFA and other Hong Kong sports; with TVB on DISH, NBA TV, One World Sports and Universal Sports Network are also now offered as a part of DISH's Chinese Basic Package.

Châlons Vatry Airport

The Chalons Vatry Airport is one of the two main airports servicing Paris and its surrounding area. Chalons Vatry has one runway and very few passenger facilities.

Mickey's Mouse Tracks

It ran from 1992 to 1995. They featured Disney cartoons and animated short films from before the advent of The Disney Channel. A similar show was "Donald's Quack Attack". The show premiered on November 2, 1992, along with "Donald's Quack Attack", on The Disney Channel. 








Bootle Beetle

Bootle Beetle is a 1947 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions.

A rare breed insect, the Bootle beetle, tells the story of how, as a child, he left the forest and came across a monster, Donald Duck, who recognized the rare insect and tried to capture him in a jar.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".


Mr. Duck Steps Out

Mr. Duck Steps Out is a Donald Duck cartoon.

It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was is released on June 7, 1940, and featured the debut of Daisy Duck. The short was directed by Jack King and written by Carl Barks, Chuck Couch, Jack Hannah, Harry Reeves, Milt Schaffer, and Frank Tashlin.
Clarence Nash performs all the voices in the film—Donald, Daisy and Donald's nephews.


The short has been re-released on home media multiple times since its first distribution. These releases include:



Winchester Mystery House

The Winchester Mystery House or Winchester Mansion is a Queen Anne Victorian style mansion in San Jose, California United States of America. 
The house was built by Sarah Winchester after her family had died. A spiritual medium convinced Sarah that the deaths in her family were part of a karma type curse on her that could only be satisfied by constantly building a labyrinthian mansion according to the wishes of the ghosts of the people killed by Winchester rifles. The result is a higgeldy-piggeldy four-story maze of rooms and corridors with staircases leading to ceilings, doors leading to 10-20ft/ 3-6m drops to the ground outside or the floor level directly below, windows between rooms and other crazy anomalies. 
The main stairs are far shallower than usual to accommodate Sarah's arthritis, and there's three elevators in the house too! There's also cryptic symbology throughout the Winchester Mansion, like repetition of the motif 13. 
The house cost $5,500,000 to build ( close to $30,000,000 in today's money) and if it was built nowadays, would not meet any building codes.

Siding

Siding is the material or materials that cover the exterior walls of a building. Siding can be stone, brick, stucco, etc.

It is also the name of a section of a railway.

Queen Anne style architecture

The Queen Anne Victorian style is one of the styles of Victorian architecture. Particularly in North America, although occasionally in Australia, the Queen Anne Victorian style has features like fishscale trimwork and ornate spindles on the porches, brick and or clapboard siding (often painted in unorthodox colors) and turrets or bay windows. Houses built in this style tend to have two - four floors. "Queen Anne" is a misnomer when it comes to Victorian architecture because the Victorian era was several centuries removed from the reign of the real Queen Anne.

Bay window

A bay window is an alcove projecting outwards from an external wall.

Porch

A porch is a usually covered patio or deck that is attached to an exterior wall of the building.

Deck

Deck may refer to:






Ad Graaumans

Ad Graaumans (16 October 1946 — 12 November 2016) was a Dutch football midfielder. He played for NAC Breda, PSV and FC Den Bosch. He made his debut for NAC at the age of 16. He played a total of 95 matches for NAC, including the 1967 KNVB Cup final against Ajax Amsterdam. 

In March 1965 he broke his leg in the match against PSV. In June 1967 he moved to PSV.

He was the nephew op Ati Graaumans. 


Pasiones (TV channel)

Pasiones is an American pay television channel owned by Florida-based Hemisphere Media Group which was launched in 2008. The channel airs Spanish-language and dubbed telenovelas and series 24 hours a day.

Queen Anne

Queen Anne can mean:




Town charter

A town charter or city charter is a document that makes a settlement's status as a town or city official.

Homoscleromorpha

Homoscleromorpha is a class of marine sponges. It includes two families: the Plakinidae and the Oscarellidae.

Bandamax

Bandamax is a 24-hour cable television music channel owned by TelevisaUnivision Mexico under Televisa Networks. It is available in Mexico, United States, and Latin America. It focuses on Regional Mexican music; in addition to banda music, its playlist includes mariachi and norteño, among others.

Bandamax was released on December 1, 1996. In the beginning, the channel had its own programs. However, in late 1998, its programming became automated in music videos.
In November 2003, the channel was officially launched in the United States. Two years later, in 2005, at the request of the channel's audience, Bandamax again incorporated original production programs.


Centovalli

Centovalli is the name of a valley, in Ticino. It starts at Intragna, near Locarno and runs to the Swiss-Italian border. In Italy, the Italian part of the valley is known as Valle Vigezzo. There's the Domodossola–Locarno railway line, which is also known as "Centovalley railway".

Civic Tower (Lagos)

The Civic Tower, also called Civic Center Towers, Civic Towers, is a 16-floor office building in Lagos. It is near the Civic Centre on Ozumba Mbadiwe Avenue, Victoria Island, Lagos. It was opened in 2015.

On 20, July 2018, the Civic Towers and Civic Centre buildings were lit up in red to mark the 50th anniversary of Special Olympics alongside 225 landmarks across the world.

How to Play Football

How to Play Football is a short film by Disney starring Goofy, released on September 15, 1944. The short was directed by Jack Kinney. The seven and a half minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "" and on Volume 5 of the "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites Extreme Sports Fun" series.

Dragon Around

Dragon Around is a 1954 American animated short film. It was directed by Jack Hannah and produced by Walt Disney, featuring Donald Duck and Chip 'n' Dale.


The Mouse Factory, episode #8: "Man at Work"
Good Morning, Mickey, episode #12
Mickey's Mouse Tracks, episode #48
Donald's Quack Attack, episode #58
The Ink and Paint Club, episode #1.5 "Chip 'n' Dale"

The short was released on November 11, 2008, on "".

Additional releases include:


National Arts Theatre

The National Theatre, Nigeria is the centre of the performing arts in Nigeria. It is located in Iganmu, Surulere, Lagos. It was completed in 1976 in preparation for the Festival of Arts and Culture (FESTAC) in 1977. It was built to preserve and promote of arts and culture in Nigeria. 

The building of the National Theatre started when General Yakubu Gowon was head of state and was completed when Olusegun Obasanjo was head of state.

The outside design of the National Theatre was designed, shaped and built to look like a military hat. It has 5,000s in its Main Hall with a collapsible stage, and has two cinema halls.

It resembles the Palace of Culture and Sports in Varna, Bulgaria (completed in 1968).

Scinax sateremawe

Scinax sateremawe is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientist shave seen it in the Floresta Nacional de Pau-Rosa.

The adult male frog is about 36.3 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has large orange spots on its skin with black lines around the spots.

This frog lives in forests. Scientists have seen it on tree branches and on woody plants near ponds. They have also seen this frog near places full of water.

Wild Waves (movie)

Wild Waves is a Mickey Mouse short animated film. It was first released on December 21, 1929, as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. It was the fifteenth Mickey Mouse short to be produced, the twelfth of that year.

The short was released on December 7, 2004 on "".

It also aired on "The Mickey Mouse Club" (season 1, episode 73) and "Mickey's Mouse Tracks" (season 1, episode 56).


Ati Graaumans

Antonius Martinus “Ati” Graaumans (born 3 December 1945) is a former Dutch football defender. He played for NAC Breda and the Belgian club KFC Wuustwezel.

In May 1969, a week before his marriage, he got injured within the first minutes in the match against GVAV and had to go to the hospital because of a 25 cm long deep cut. 

His nephew Ad Graaumans also played for NAC Breda. 


Cartoon Network (French TV channel)

Cartoon Network is a French pay television channel. It is aimed at kids, available for France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg and Francophone Africa. It was launched on 23 August 1999 and is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery under its French division.

On 13 May 2014, Cartoon Network HD launched on Canalsat.

A Swiss feed was launched on 26 February 2007. Its advertising window is operated by Goldbach Media. Unlike in France, Cartoon Network is free in all Swiss TV providers, and it is the most popular kids channel in French.

Boomerang began as a preschool block on Cartoon Network in early 2000s. On 23 April 2003, Boomerang was launched as a channel on TPS.

Cartoonito was launched as a morning block on Boing on 5 September 2011. The block last aired on 5 July 2013.

In May 2021, WarnerMedia UK and EMEA announced plans to relaunching Cartoonito within their regionre-entering in Spring 2022, with its streaming service HBO Max (or HBO Go).


Cartoon Network (Japanese TV channel)

The channel is aimed at children. It mostly airs animated television series. As a Japanese version of the eponymous television channel in the United States, Cartoon Network broadcasts original series from its U.S. counterpart, as well as several Japanese animated series and films, and other non-Japanese programs.


On October 1, 2011, Cartoon Network in Japan & English, along with other versions of Cartoon Network operated by Turner Broadcasting System Asia Pacific, adopted its current branding. On April 1, 2017, the channel started using graphics from Cartoon Network USA's "Dimensional" brand package. On January 1, 2022, the channel started using graphics from Cartoon Network USA's "Redraw Your World" brand package.

Federico Maria Martini

Federico Maria Martini (Cremona, 21 july 2001) is an Italian writer and poet.

Graduated in a scientific high school, Federico Maria Martini is now earning a degree in Philosophy at the University of Bergamo.

His studies have also seen as protagonists various seminars, in the psychological field, held by national and foreign universities, among which Yale University, University of Edinburgh and Federico II University of Naples.

He fell in love with writing at the age of seventeen and decided at that time that it would become his profession.

In 2020 he publishes his first short novel, entitled "The black rose", and will collaborate, only later, with some local newspapers.

On May 15, 2020 he published an article entitled "Music does not like power" in the theater magazine "Meglio Meno" dedicated to the death of the musician Ezio Bosso, which took place on the same day.

In 2021 he decides to start devoting himself to poetry by writing various compositions, some of which have allowed him to receive the medal of honor at the "Alda Merini" literary prize, in memory of the author herself and granted by the Nuova Accademia dei Bronzi.

In 2021 he earned the title of "Poet of Via Margutta".

In his publications, although not always explicitly, Martini refers to the thought of Marx from the perspective of German idealism, approaching the critique of the capitalist system with elements deriving from metaphysics, which lead him to reflect on issues such as alienation, labor and spiritual, ethics and progress.





Hidde van der Ploeg

Hidde van der Ploeg (29 December 1933 — 3 May 2022) was a Dutch volleyball player, basketball player, volleyball coach, sports editor and reporter.

Van der Ploeg played in the late 1950s and 1960s with the club REVA in Amsterdam (that later became AMVJ). He played together with international players Gertie Goedhals, Hans Maas and Paul van Lith.

Van der Ploeg played 39 matches for the Dutch national volleyball team including at the 1958 Men's European Volleyball Championship. In 1960 he came into conflict with the volleyball board and was put on non-active status.

In 1962 he started playing basketball with club Landlust. He played two seasons for Landlust (1962-1964) and afterwards two seasons for U.S. (1964-1966). He played a total of 13 matches during this four seasons in the Dutch Basketball League A. He also played one match for the Netherlands men's national basketball team.

Van der Ploeg became coach of AMVJ in 1968, and the team became in April 1969 for the fifth time national champion. Van der Ploeg saw international ambitions with the club. He wanted to increase among others the numbers of training sessions as some players only trained twice per week. After he came in a conflict with players his contract was not renewed in 1969. He improved his training methods while also working as a sports teacher at the university and as a volleyball trainer at the CIOS in Overveen. He became convinced that the Netherlands could become internationally successful with a stricter training regime and a different attitude.

In 1969 he was asked by the Nederlandse Volleyball Bond (NeVoBo) to become the head coach of the Netherlands men's national volleyball team where he applied his vision and training regime. The successes were mixed, but according to Van der Ploeg disappointing. After the 1970 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship he wrote an article for De Tijd about the Championships. In this article he criticized the team. This was not accepted by the volleyball association and Van der Ploeg was fired in November 1970. After a long search, the Polish Ben Krysik became his successor. He was offered a contract as coach at HVS in Haarlem that he accepted and later Van der Ploeg returned as coach for AMVJ.

He returned again for a very short while as coach for AMJV, but couldn’t combine it with his job at NRC Handelsblad.

For VARA he renewed the radio program 'Van Start tot Finish' (translated: From start to finish) with ironic contributions of duo Henk Spaan and Harry Vermeegen. 

From 1979 to the 1988 Summer Olympics, Van der Ploeg was the sports editor of national newspaper NRC Handelsblad. During these years Tim Krabbé, Freek de Jonge and Herman Kuiphof had their columns on the sports pages and made also space for a weekly column written by women. In December 1984 when Arie Selinger, the coach of the Olympic women’s USA silver medal winning team, gave a press conference in Amsterdam, Van der Ploeg was the only journalist who showed up. After being sports editor he continued working as reporter for NRC Handelsblad.

IOS 16

iOS 16 is the 16th and current major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple. It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference on June 6, 2022, and it is the successor to iOS 15.

The public release of iOS 16 was released on September 12, 2022 worldwide. iOS 16 has been succeeded by iOS 17 as of September 18, 2023.


Rick Karsdorp

Rick Karsdorp (born 11 February 1995) is a Dutch professional footballer.


FESTAC 77

Festac '77, was a major international festival held in Lagos, Nigeria, from 15 January 1977 to 12 February 1977. The event celebrated African culture and showcased to the world African music, fine art, literature, drama, dance and religion. About 16,000 participants performed at the event. Artists who performed at the festival included Stevie Wonder from United States, Gilberto Gil from Brazil, Bembeya Jazz National from Guinea, Mighty Sparrow from Trinidad and Tobago, Les Ballets Africains, South African Miriam Makeba, and Franco Luambo Makiadi. At the time it was held, it was the largest gathering of African people to ever take place.

The official symbol of the festival was a similar symbol crafted by Erhabor Emokpae of the royal ivory mask of Benin. The hosting of the festival led to the creation of the Nigerian National Council of Arts and Culture, Festac Village and the National Theatre, Iganmu, Lagos. Most of the events were held in four main venues: The National Theatre, National Stadium Surulere, Lagos City Hall and Tafawa Balewa Square.

The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse

The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse is an American animated streaming television series. It was produced by Disney Television Animation for Disney+.





Noor Abu Dhabi Solar Power plant

Noor Abu Dhabi Solar Power plant is the world’s largest single-site solar power plant,
Noor Abu Dhabi began commercial operations in April 2019. 

Noor Abu Dhabi is EWEC’s first significant project that uses sustainable technology and is also a key milestone in the transformation of the energy sector. Beyond size, Noor Abu Dhabi broke another record at the time of bid submission in September 2016, attracting the world’s most competitive tariff of 8.888 fils/kWh. 
The project has won numerous awards throughout the development, most recently winning Power Generation Project of the Year Award at MEED Projects Awards 2020, and Utility Project of the Year Award at the 2020 Middle East Solar Awards, held by the Middle East Solar Industry Association.
Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) owns 60 percent of the project with Marubeni Corporation and JinkoPower each holding 20 percent.
Located at Sweihan, Abu Dhabi, it covers an area of 8 square kilometres and features 3.2 million solar panels. The plant produces approximately 1.2 gigawatts of power, reducing reliance on the usage of natural gas for electricity generation resulting in a carbon footprint reduction of 1 million metric tons per year, which is equivalent to taking 200,000 cars off the road.

Noor translates to Light in Arabic. It has 3.2 million solar panels. The plant is known to give clean energy for 90,000 individuals in Abu Dhabi.

HEC Foundation

The HEC Foundation (French: "Fondation HEC") has been created in 1972. The aim of the Foundation, as presented by HEC, is to help in the development of the school.

The objectives include the international development, social opening, as well as the digital transformation of the school.

The foundation was created in 1972. It has been recognized as a public utility since 1973.


Mickey's Tale of Two Witches

Mickey's Tale of Two Witches is a Halloween television special that premiered on October 7, 2021 on Disney Junior.




Southwest Airlines Flight 1380

Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 was a Southwest Airlines flight operated by a Boeing 737-700, which suffered contained engine failure of its left engine about twenty minutes after takeoff from New York-LaGuardia Airport on April 17, 2018. The wreckage of the damaged engine struck the fuselage of the aircraft and a side window, which blew out, causing rapid depressurization of the aircraft. A female passenger died after being partially ejected from the failed window. Seven other people were injured.

The aircraft, N772SW, a Boeing 737-7H4, was subsequently flown to Boeing in Everett on April 30, 2018 for repairs. The plane was moved into storage at Victorville on June 7, 2018. The aircraft remains there and has not made a scheduled revenue flight since. It has had its Southwest titles removed but remains in the basic Southwest livery.

On July 19, 1989, United Airlines Flight 232 made an emergency landing at Sioux-City Airport. The inside of the plane's number 2 engine exploded and the plane was uncontrollable, only turning to the right. The DC-10 took off from Denver, Colorado and its destination was the city of Chicago, Illinois.


The Little Whirlwind

The Little Whirlwind is a 1941 animated short movie. It is part of the "Mickey Mouse" series. It was produced by Walt Disney for Walt Disney Productions. The short was released by RKO Radio Pictures on February 14, 1941. The film was directed by Riley Thomson, and animated by Ward Kimball, Fred Moore, Ken Muse, Jim Armstrong, Les Clark, John Elliotte, Fred Jones, Walt Kelly, and Frank Follmer. Art Fitzpatrick did the animation effects. It was the 110th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites Starring Mickey Volume 1", and the 2018 Blu-ray/DVD/Digital "Celebrating Mickey" compilation.


Lonesome Ghosts

Lonesome Ghosts is a 1937 Disney animated cartoon. It was released through RKO Radio Pictures. It was released on December 24, 1937, three days after "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). It was directed by Burt Gillett and animated by Izzy Klein, Ed Love, Milt Kahl, Marvin Woodward, Bob Wickersham, Clyde Geronimi, Dick Huemer, Dick Williams, Art Babbitt and Rex Cox. The short features Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy as members of The Ajax Ghost Exterminators. It was the 98th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the ninth for that year.

This short is the first time Goofy uses the catchphrase "Somethin' wrong here!".



The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


Human rights in Burkina Faso

Human rights in Burkina Faso are addressed in its constitution. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity has always been legal in Burkina Faso. The age of consent is equal, regardless of sex since 1996.

Human rights in Chad

Human rights in Chad have been described as "poor". Freedom House has designated the country as "Not Free." Chad received a score of 7 for political rights and 6 for civil liberties (with 1 being the most free, 7 being the least free).

Article 350(i) of the Penal Code provides imprisonment of ten to twenty years when the rape is committed because of the sexual orientation of the victim.

Human rights in the Gambia

Human rights in the Gambia have been considered poor under Yahya Jammeh. In December, 2016, he lost an election to Adama Barrow, who promised to improve human rights in his country. The "Freedom in the World" report for 2018 ranked the Gambia as "partly free". LGBT activity is illegal, and punishable with life imprisonment.

Human rights in Guinea

Homosexuality is illegal in Guinea. Same-sex relations are considered a strong taboo. The prime minister said in 2010 that he does not consider sexual orientation a legitimate human right.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 5)

The fifth season of SpongeBob SquarePants premiered on April 13, 2007, with the episode "Friend or Foe". The season ended on July 19, 2009 with the airing of "Goo Goo Gas". As in season four, the season DVDs were split into two volumes. The volume one DVD was released in region one on September 4, 2007 while the second was released on November 18, 2008. 41 episodes were produced this season.

Human rights in Guinea-Bissau

In December 2008, Guinea-Bissau became one of 66 countries to sign the "United Nations Statement on Human Rights, Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity". The statement supports decriminalization of homosexuality and transgender identity.

Of 19 African countries surveyed in 2010, Guinea-Bissau was one of the most tolerant about homosexual behavior. Nine percent in Guinea-Bissau said that homosexual behavior was morally acceptable, with fifteen percent saying it was not an issue.

Human rights in Mali

According to the United States Department of State's annual report on human rights in Mali for 2003, Mali's government generally respects the human rights of its citizens and observes relevant constitutional provisions (for example, freedom of speech and of the press, freedom of assembly and association, freedom of religion) and prohibitions (for example, arbitrary arrest and detention, forced exile, torture, and discrimination based on race, sex, disability, language, or social status).

Societal discrimination based on sexual orientation occurred. Additionally, Mali was one of two countries behind removing specific protection for gays from a UN resolution on executions in 2010.

Human rights in Niger

According to the Republic of Niger's Constitution of 1999, most human rights, as defined by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, are upheld and protected. Same-sex sexual activity is legal in Niger but the age of consent is not equal for same-sex and opposite-sex sexual activity. There is no legal protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.

Human rights in Mozambique

The concept of human rights in Mozambique is an ongoing issue for the African country.

Mozambique, along with other former Portuguese colonies, is one of the most LGBT-friendly African nations. Polls have found moderate levels of support for LGBT rights and same-sex marriage. Nevertheless, same-sex couples are unable to marry or adopt, and LGBT people still face discrimination and prejudice.

Human rights in Guyana

Homosexual actions, as well as anal and oral sex, are illegal in Guyana. It is currently the only country in South America that prohibits such acts. Engaging in such acts can give life imprisonment, though it is not enforced. These laws can be difficult to change, because Guyana's Constitution protects laws given from the British Empire from constitutional review. However, cross-dressing has been legal since 2018, when a ban was struck down by Guyana's court of last resort, the Caribbean Court of Justice. President David A. Granger (2015–2020) expressed support for these efforts.

Philidor

Philidor ("Filidor") or Danican Philidor was a family of musicians. They worked for the French kings. The family name was originally Danican (D'Anican). They were of Scottish origin (Duncan). The name Philidor was given by King Louis XIII to Michel the elder. Michel's oboe playing reminded the king of an Italian oboe player named Filidori. Members of the family were composers and musicians. One of them (François-André Danican Philidor) was a chess master.


Isaac Stern

Isaac Stern (July 21, 1920 – September 22, 2001) was an American violinist.

Isaac Stern was born in Kremenets, Poland (now Ukraine) to a Jewish family. In 1921, When Stern was over a year old, his family moved to San Franciso. At age 8, he began studies at San Francisco Conservatory of Music until 193. Later he would study under Louis Persinger. He returned to the conservatory under Naoum Blinder. 

Stern debuted with the San Francisco Symphony at age 15 and played Saint-Saëns' Violin Concerto No. 3 in B minor. 
He performed for soldiers during World War 2 and performed in USSR in 1951. During the Yom Kippur War, he would give a concert for wounded Israelis soldiers. A notable concert was in 1991 during the Gulf War. Stern was playing a Bach piece in Jerusalem, when sirens sounded the alarm of an air raid. Although the audience was frightened, Stern continued to play and the audience just listened to the rest of the concert with gas masks. Stern was also a cultural ambassador. 

Stern performed frequently with the New York Philharmonic. He prevented Carnegie Hall from be taken down by campaigning and raising money for the building. 

Stern would come to learn other musicians: Yo-Yo Ma, Jian Wang, Itzhak Perlman and Pinchas Zukerman.

Stern also contributed to movies. He was the soloist for the film "Fiddler on the Roof" (1971). He was also the music advisor for the film "Humoresque" (1946)"."

Stern's discography includes works by Brahms, Bach, Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Sibelius, Tchaikovsky, Vivaldi, Barber, Bartók, Stravinsky, Bernstein, Rochberg, and Dutilleux. 

Stern enjoyed playing Ysaÿe Guarnerius, a violin made by the luthier Giuseppe Guarneri del Gesù. Other instruments he played included "Kruse-Vormbaum" Stradivarius (1728), the "Panette" Guarneri del Gesù (1737), the "ex-Stern" Bergonzi (1733), a Michele Angelo Bergonzi (1739–1757), the "Arma Senkrah" Guadagnini (1750), a Giovanni Guadagnini (1754) and others. 

List of massacres in Azerbaijan

The following is a list of massacres in Azerbaijan that have occurred in Azerbaijan.

The following is a list of massacres and pogroms, which took place in the course of the First Nagorno-Karabakh War and the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh War between Armenians and Azerbaijanis.

Fiddler on the Roof (movie)

Fiddler on the Roof is an epic 1971 musical film. It is an adaptation of a Broadway musical with the same name. Norman Jewison directed the film. Joseph Stein and Sholem Aleichem wrote the script. The film stars Topol, Norma Crane, Leonard Frey, Molly Picon, and Paul Mann. The film s about Tevye, a Jew in AnatevkaIt. He has to reevaluate his values with the marriages of his daughters. It was nominated for eight Oscars and won three Academy Awards in 1972. 

The film is broken into two acts and an intermission. 

It follows the family of the milkman Tevye in the Ukrainian Town of Anatekva in Imperial Russia. The people in the town are compared to a fiddler on the roof, who use tradition to stay on their feet and "scratch out a pleasant, simple tune." The story deals with Tevye coming to terms with deviations from tradition. The oldest daughter Tzeitel ends up marrying the tailor Motel out of love and not as arranged by the father. At their wedding, the two dance together, which is shocking and new for the town, as men and women cannot dance together. Then Russians come and break up the wedding and vandalize the place.

The second daughter, Hodel falls in love with and marries a Jewish Marxist student Perchik from Kiev. Tevye reluctantly accepts their love and the two eventually settle in Siberia. The youngest daughter Chava falls in love with Fyedka, a Russian Orthodox Christian. Tevye does not accept that Chava marries a non-Jew. Near the end, the villagers of Anatekva are forced to leave and evacuate the town to Europe, Israel and the United States. At various points in the film, a fiddler appears and plays the fiddle.


John Williams adapted the music from Jerry Bock. The violin soloist was Isaac Stern. 


The movie was a financial success making over $80 million. It was the highest-grossing film in 1971. 

The film received positive reviews by critics. The film has a 83% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics considered the movie a powerful and emotion work. Some thought the storyline was boring. 


ASKÖ-Sportanlage West

ASKÖ-Sportanlage West, for sponsoring reasons Max Aicher Stadium, is a football stadium in the Maxglan district of Salzburg.

The stadium was opened in 1999 and was the homeground of ASK Salzburg. In May 2006 the club went bankrupt and in summer 2007 Austria Salzburg took over the ground. The club played in the 6th league. Till 2010 they reached the Regionalliga (3rd level). The telephone company MyPhone Austria bought the naming rights and the stadium was called "MyPhone Austria Stadion."

2015 the stadium was renovated for licence reasons. It got a new stand behind one goal and a floodlight system. For high security matches the club had to go to Schwanenstadt.

2018 the stadium was renamed in "Erich Misoph Volltreffer Stadion" . Volltreffer.com was the name of the sponsor. Misoph was one of the founding members of the supporter club „1. Anhängerklub Austria Salzburg“ in 1972. The club is still active and one of the oldest supporter clubs in Austria.

In 2019 Austria got Max Aicher, a Bavarian business man, as new sponsor. The stadium was renamed and is now the "Max Aicher stadium".

Margery Wentworth

Margery Wentworth was the wife of Sir John Seymour and the mother of Queen Jane Seymour, the third wife of King Henry VIII of England. She was the grandmother of King Edward VI of England.

John Seymour (1474–1536)

John Seymour (1474 – 1536) was the father of Henry VIII's third wife Jane Seymour. He married a young English woman named Margery Wentworth. He was born on the year 1476 (exact date is unknown) and died the year Jane Seymour wed Henry VIII in 1536 at the age 62.

Family Guy (season 3)

The third season of Family Guy ran from Novmeber 7, 2004 to June 12, 2005.

Hans Lodder

Hans Lodder (born 1945) is a former Dutch volleyball. He was a member of the Dutch national team playing about 150 matches. Lodder played as a defender and had a strong block.

After his playing career he moved to Nigeria Expanding beer breweries, including for Heineken and founded DHV Consultants Nigeria Limited.

Lodder lived in Hoogeveen and attended Hogere Burgerschool. He moved to Groningen and attended from 1960 the (HTS). After moving to Groningen he started playing volleyball with Oranje-Nassau (and also played for the college volleyball team CVL of the (HTS)). After playing for half a year in the second division team of Oranje Bassau, he became a substitute for the main team. When Oranje Nassau promoted to the highest league (Eredivisie), Lodder became member of the team.

Next to Oranje Nassau, Lodder became a member of the national team in the B-division at the end of 1963. He made his debut for the Dutch national team in 1965; and played next to it with the junior national team. He played for the national teams in around 150 matches.

Lodder helped, together with Piet Swieter, Oranje-Nassau becoming one of the best Dutch teams. Altough the success with the club, he started playing with AMJV in 1967, started working in Amersfoort and lived in Leusden. He was two year captain of AMJV. After these two years he couldn’t play volleyball for a while due to a nerve infection in his arm. After his recovery he couldn’t reach his old level, due to his time consuming job at the consultancy and engineering firm DHV. Lodder retired from volleyball in 1971 and moved for his work to Nigeria.

Working forward for DHV, Lodder was commissioned between 1971 and 1974 by beer brewery Heineken to coordinate and supervise the civil work of the expansion of the Heineken brewery in Lagos. In that period he was also asked to help with the expansions of two other breweries. As new brewery was planned in Ibadan in 1974, Lodder suggested that DHV set up a local office in Nigeria to have the detailed engineering carried out there, in addition to the preliminary and final design by DHV Netherlands. His proposal was approved and in 1975 he founded DHV Consultants Nigeria Limited and managed the firm until 1978.

Lodder was awarded by the Nederlandse Volleyball Bond a silver federation pin.

24 (season 1)

This is the first season of 24 (TV Series) and it is called Day 1. The story begins at midnight, lasts 24 hours and ends the following midnight. There are 24 episodes in Season 1 and each corresponds to an hour of narrative time. 

Jack Bauer is attempting to stop terrorists, who plan to assassinate Presidential Candidate David Palmer. They abduct Kim Bauer and Teri Bauer in order to use Jack to their advantage. With Jack's wife and daughter, the terrorists have leverage over Jack and try to force him to kill Palmer. At one point, Jack has to choose between the lives of his family and that of the presidential candidate. After Kim and Teri are rescued and the terrorists stopped, a second group of terrorists try to target David Palmer and Jack Bauer. The second terrorists were behind the first. They are seeking revenge for a raid that connects Palmer and Bauer. The goal of the raid was to kill Victor Drazen. Palmer's death is faked to satisfy the terrorists. Viewers learn that Victor Drazen is still alive and that Nina Myers has been working with the terrorists. Senator Palmer realizes he cannot stay married to Sherry and they separate.



The season received positive reviews with 95% on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics said, "Brimming with tension and political intrigue, "24" successfully introduces its unique, high-concept format and a compelling hero worth watching in Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer."

Clock Cleaners

Clock Cleaners is a 1937 American animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures. The cartoon follows Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy working as janitors in a tall clock tower. The movie was directed by Ben Sharpsteen. The music was written by Paul Smith and Oliver Wallace. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey, Clarence Nash as Donald, and Pinto Colvig as Goofy. It was the 97th short in the "Mickey Mouse" movie series to be released.



The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".

Additional releases include:

Mickey and the Seal

Mickey and the Seal is a cartoon short created by Walt Disney in 1948. It was nominated for Academy Award for Animated Short Film, but lost to Tom and Jerry cartoon "The Little Orphan", It was the 122nd short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released. It was also the second produced that year.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:

The Mouse Factory

The Mouse Factory is an American syndicated television series produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was created by Ward Kimball. It ran from 1972 to 1973. It showed clips from various Disney cartoons and movies, hosted by celebrity guests (credited as being "Mickey's Friend") visiting the Mouse Factory. They interacted with the walk-around characters in Disney theme parks. The series was later rerun on the Disney Channel in the 1980s and 1990s.

Due to low ratings, the series was cancelled after its second season.

43 episodes were produced, including:

Out of Scale

Out of Scale is a 1951 American animated short movie. It was directed by Jack Hannah and produced by Walt Disney.



The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

Additional releases include:


Twosday

Twosday is a one time dated event that occured on Tuesday 22 February 2022, it was nicknamed Twosday as the date in question was styled 22/2/22 and it was on a Tuesday. The next occurrence of a similar event is Thursday 3 March 2033 (3/3/33), nicknamed Thirdsday.

Zephania Arinaitwe

Zephania Arinaitwe was born on 4 December, 2001. He is a cricketer from Uganda. In September 2018, he was put on Uganda's team for the 2018 Africa T20 Cup. He started to play Twenty20 for Uganda in 2018. He is right handed.

Young Guns II

Young Guns II is an American Western movie. It is a sequel to "Young Guns". Young Guns was made in 1988, and Young Guns II was made in 1990. This movie stars Emilio Estevez, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond Phillips, and Christian Slater. Another actor is William Petersen as Pat Garrett. It was written and produced by John Fusco. It was directed by Geoff Murphy. It is about Billy the Kid.


Whose Life Is It Anyway?

Whose Life Is It Anyway? is an American drama movie from 1981. It was directed by John Badham. It started Richard Dreyfuss. It was a movie version of a 1972 television movie and a 1978 stage play. Both of these were called the same thing as the movie. Whose Life Is It Anyway? has a 70% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie is about a sculptor (a person who makes sculptures). He gets paralyzed and decides he wants to die, but he cannot kill himself on his own because he cannot move. He asks a doctor for help.


Waqas Barkat

Waqas Barkat was born on 17 February 1990. He was born in Pakistan. He plays cricket for Hong Kong. Barkat is right-handed. He is a wicket-keeper. 

War of Nerves

"War of Nerves" is a song by the band All Saints. It was released by London Records on 23 November 1998. It was the fifth and last single from their first album, which was also called "All Saints". Shaznay Lewis, Natalie Appleton and Nicole Appleton wrote the song, and producers Cameron McVey and Magnus Fiennes helped them. War of Nerves is a ballad about dying. It was based on the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. "War of Nerves" was at number seven on the UK Singles Chart. This made it the band’s fifth single in a row that reached the top 10.

Virandeep Singh

Virandeep Singh was born on 23 March 1999. He is a Malaysian cricketer. He plays for the Malaysia cricket team. His older brother, Pavandeep Singh, also plays cricket.

24 (season 2)

This is the second season of the American drama television series "24" and known as Day 2. The seasons narrative begins at 8 AM, last 24 hours and ends at 8 AM the next day.

Jack and CTU try to stop a nuclear bomb from being blown up in Los Angelos. Terrorists blow up CTU to draw away their attention. George Mason ends up detonating the bomb over the Mojave Desert and away from the city. Afterwards Jack follows leads that indicate that a recording implicating three Middle Eastern countries is false. President David Palmer decides to not attack these Middle Eastern Countries. His cabinet removes him from office under the Twenty-fifth Amendment and the Vice President becomes President. Eventually Jack finds the evidence and Palmer is reinstated as President. At the end of the season, Palmer is poisoned with anthrax.



The season received positive reviews with a 95% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Reiner Fuellmich

Reiner Fuellmich (05.Mai 1958, Bremen) is a German lawyer and spokesman for the Stiftung Corona Ausschuss, a non-governmental investigative committee based in Germany. He allegedly played an important role in the Volkswagen emissions scandal and successfully sued Deutsche Bank in a few small mortgage cases, where he previously worked. In 2020, Fuellmich and his colleagues began documenting violations of law, medical malpractice and scientific fraud, in connection with the COVID-19 scandal.

Fuellmich studied law at the University of Göttingen and as an exchange student at the University of California in Los Angeles. He then worked from 1985 to 2001 at the research centre for medical and pharmaceutical law as a research assistant at the chair of Erwin Deutsch at the law faculty of the University of Göttingen, where he also obtained his doctorate. During this time he was also part of the ethics committees of the University Hospitals of Göttingen and Hanover. He also held positions in corporate banking at Deutsche Bank, first as a trainee in Germany from 1990 and then in Japan until 1992. In 1993 he founded his own law firm. He is licensed to practice law in California and is a member of the German-American and German-Japanese bar associations. In 2009, Fuellmich's law firm was ranked among the top 20 law firms for investor protection in Germany, especially since 1996 as a specialist for injured parties of so-called junk real estate.

Together with internationally connected lawyers, he 'offers' companies the opportunity to join a class action lawsuit in the United States to recover damages caused by mismanagement based on Christian Drosten's allegedly faulty PCR-test.

Bode Museum

The Bode Museum (Bode-Museum) is one of the buildings on the Museum Island (Museuminsel). It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage.

It was originally built in 1897 to hold Renaissance Art. The museum was radical at the time in that it presented paintings next to sculptors. Bombing during World War 2 damaged the building, which was restored in 1948 and 1986. The museum reopened 2006. 

Today the museum contains artwork from the Gemäldegalerie and Byzantine sculptor and art. There are sculptures from the Byzantine, Middle Ages, Italian Gothic, Renaissance and late German Gothic. It also holds a special collection of medals and coins (Münzkabinett). It is one of the largest coin collections in the world. 

In 2017, a Big Maple Leaf Coin was stolen from the museum. The thieves are believed to have melted the coin.

Proxima Centauri c

Proxima Centauri Cecel or Proxima Centauri c is the second planet to have been discovered in the Proxima Centauri system. The planet could either be a "superterran" or mini gas planet and may have a ring system akin to that of Saturn, as well as at least a exomoon.

Proxima Centauri b

Proxima Centauri b is a planet orbiting Proxima Centauri, the Sun's closest stellar neighbor. The planet is in Proxima Centauri's habitable zone and is a terrestrial planet a bit bigger than Earth, so it could be an Earth-like planet with lakes, rivers an ocean and complex extraterrestrial life. The planet is 7.5 million kilometres on average from Proxima Centauri and is likely to either be tidally locked or have an orbital resonance similar to that of Mercury. The biggest potential strike against Proximal b's habitability is that its star is prone to flares.

47 Ursae Majoris b

47 Ursae Majoris b or Taphau Thong is an extrasolar gas planet around 46 light-years from our solar system in the 47 Ursae Majoris system. The planet is 2.5 times the mass of Jupiter with gravity that's six to eight times stronger than that of Earth. The gravitational interaction of Taphau Thong's highly elliptical orbit precludes any habitable planets in its system, although it is possible that some of the planet's potentialnatural satellites could be habitable thanks to tidal heating.

Tidal heating

Tidal heating or tidal flexing is the heating resulting from a natural satellite or similar body being "stretched" and "squeezed" by a much larger body nearby. The flexing causes heat through friction. Liquid water layers, and so habitability, may happen beyond the traditional habitable zone of a solar system.

TrES-2b

TrES-2b is a large gas planet 750 light-years from our solar system. TrES-2b is the planet with the lowest albedo known, absorbing 99% of the light that hits it. TrES-2b is a hot Jupiter.

HAT-P-7b

HAT P-7b is a hot Jupiter located around the star HAT P-7.

2022 Sitakunda fire and explosions

On the night of , a fire and then explosions at a container depot in Sitakunda Upazila, Chittagong District, Bangladesh, killed at least 41 people and injured more than 450 others.

The incident occurred at BM Container Depot in the Kadamrasul area of Sitakunda Upazila. After a fire started in the loading area, a massive explosion happened, causing more explosions that spread across the depot.

Official said that there was hydrogen peroxide in the depot which prevented the fire from being controlled.

HD 85512 b

HD 85512b is a terrestrial exoplanet orbiting an orange dwarf star 37 light years from our solar system. The planet lays too close to its star to be habitable.

Owo church attack

On 5 June 2022, a mass shooting and bomb attack happened at a Catholic church in the city of Owo, Ondo State, Nigeria.

The attack took place at the St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church. The attackers exploded bombs right outside the building and started firing their guns. Four of the perpetrators fired directly into the building. People tried to escape the building, but the main entrance was locked and the gunmen were firing at people trying to run through the remaining two. When people who were shot tried to get up the attackers would shoot them again.

A witness said that he saw five gunmen who perpetrated the attack. Two security forces officers were also killed.

At least 22 deaths have been confirmed so far, but it is likely that over fifty people were killed in the attack.

A group hasn't yet said that they were responsible, so the perpetrator of the attack is unknown.

Berndt Stübner

Berndt Stübner (16 February 1947 – 2 June 2022) was a German actor, puppet maker, playwright and theatre director. His best known movie roles were in "Wedding Night in the Rain", "Frau Venus und ihr Teufel", "Hauptmann Florian von der Mühle", "Seine Hoheit – Genosse Prinz", and "Weil ich dich liebe...".

Kepler-442b

Kepler-442b is an exoplanet 1206 light years from our solar system. The planet is a "superterran", meaning a terrestrial planet bigger than Earth. Kepler-442b is located in its system's habitable zone and is likely to be liveable to organisms like those of Earth.

José de Abreu (politician)

José Masci de Abreu (8 December 1944 – 3 June 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party and later Podemos. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1995 to 2003.

Abreu died at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil on 3 June 2022 at the age of 77.

Qatar-5b

Qatar-5b is a gaseous exoplanet orbiting its star closer than Mercury to the Sun.

Piergiorgio Bressani

Piergiorgio Bressani (10 June 1929 – 3 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1963 to 1986. He was also Secretary of the Council of Ministers from 1979 to 1981.

Bressani died in Udine on 3 June 2022 at the age of 92.

Kepler-62d

Kepler-62d, orbiting the star Kepler-62, is a superterran exoplanet with a surface temperature of 510°K (237°C/458°F) making it too hot for life as we know it.

Liliana de Curtis

Liliana Focas Flavio Angelo Ducas Comneno de Curtis di Bisanzio Gagliardi (10 May 1933 – 3 June 2022), commonly known as Liliana de Curtis, was an Italian actress and writer. De Curtis appeared in the movie "Saint John, the Beheaded" in 1940 and appearing in the 1954 movie "Orient Express."

De Curtis died in her home in Rome on 3 June 2022, at the age of 89.

Illinois's 10th congressional district

The 10th congressional district of Illinois lies in the northeast corner of the state. The district represents the northern suburbs of Chicago. It was created after the 1860 census. The district is currently represented by Democrat Brad Schneider.

The specific areas that this district overs are Beach Park, Buffalo Grove, Deerfield, Fox Lake, Glencoe, Grayslake, Highland Park, Lake Bluff, Lake Forest, Lake Villa, Lindenhurst, Libertyville, Morton Grove, Mundelein, North Chicago, Northbrook, Prospect Heights, Round Lake, Round Lake Beach, Vernon Hills, Waukegan, Wheeling and Zion are included. 

Lake Villa, Illinois

Lake Villa is a village in Lake County, Illinois United States. In the 2020 census, it said the population was 8,741. Lake Villa is about 50 miles north of Chicago.

Lindenhurst, Illinois

Lindenhurst is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States. In the 2020 census, it said that the population was 14,406.

Round Lake, Illinois

Round Lake is a northern suburb of Chicago in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 18,721 in 2020.

Vernon Hills, Illinois

Vernon Hills is a suburb north of Chicago in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 26,850 at the 2020 census. 

55 Cancri e

55 Cancri e is a superterran exoplanet made almost entirely of carbon, giving it the nickname the "diamond planet" or "Lucy" (from the Beatles song "Lucy in the sky with diamonds"). The planet orbits a sun like star just 2,400,000 kilometres from the star on average, pushing surface temperatures to an average of 2,575°K. The gravity of 55 Cancri e is around 15 times that of Earth, and the planet is tidally locked. The likelihood of diamonds on 55 Cancri e is due to the insane pressures on the planet.55 Cancri E is also known of being up to double the size of Earth.

Larry Hillman

Lawrence Morley Hillman (February 5, 1937 – May 31, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played for 15 different teams in his 22 professional seasons. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) between 1955 and 1973, and then in the World Hockey Association (WHA) from 1973 to 1976.

Hillman died on June 3, 2022, at the age of 85.

Ken Kelly (artist)

Ken W. Kelly (May 19, 1946 – June 3, 2022) was an American fantasy artist. In the early 1970s he did a couple of cover paintings for "Castle of Frankenstein" magazine. Throughout the 1970s he was one of the foremost cover artists on Warren Publishing's" Creepy "and" Eerie" magazines. He also designed album covers for KISS, Manowar, Sleepy Hollow, Rainbow, and Ace Frehley.

Kelly died on June 3, 2022, at the age of 76.

Grachan Moncur III

Grachan Moncur III (June 3, 1937 – June 3, 2022) was an American jazz trombonist. Moncur toured with Ray Charles (1959–62), Art Farmer and Benny Golson's Jazztet (1962), and Sonny Rollins.

Moncur died on June 3, 2022, his 85th birthday, at his home in Newark, New Jersey from cardiac arrest.

Proxima Centauri d

Proxima Centauri d is the newest planet to have been discovered in the Proxima Centauri system. It's a Mars sized planet orbiting 4.3 million kilometres from Proxima Centauri, putting it well inside the orbit of Proximal b and making it far too hot to be habitable.

Art Farmer

Arthur Stewart Farmer (August 21, 1928 – October 4, 1999) was an American jazz trumpeter and flugelhorn player. He also played flumpet. He went on to join Gerry Mulligan's quartet and, with Benny Golson, to co-found the Jazztet.

Farmer died of a heart attack on October 4, 1999 at home in Manhattan, aged 71.

John Cooksey

John Charles Cooksey (August 20, 1941 – June 4, 2022) was an American ophthalmologist and politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Louisiana's 5th congressional district from 1997 to 2003.

Cooksey died on June 4, 2022, at the age of 80.


Frank Hoffmann (actor)

Frank Hoffmann (16 July 1938 – 4 June 2022) was a German-Austrian actor. He was known for his roles in the 1982 movie "Ace of Aces" and in the television series "Derrick".

Hoffmann died on 4 June 2022 at the age of 83.

Hajime Ishii

Ishii died on June 4, 2022 from heart failure in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 87.

George Lamming

George Lamming OCC (8 June 1927 – 4 June 2022) was a Barbadian novelist, essayist, and poet. He was best known for his 1953 novel "In the Castle of My Skin". He also was a professor at Duke University and a visiting professor in the Africana Studies Department of Brown University. 

Lamming died in Barbados on 4 June 2022, four days before his 95th birthday.

György Moldova

György Moldova (12 March 1934 – 4 June 2022) was a Hungarian writer who wrote over seventy books. He is best known for his nonfiction books that talk about daily lives in average jobs in Hungary.

Moldova died on 4 June 2022 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 88.


Goran Sankovič

Goran Sankovič (18 June 1979 – 4 June 2022) was a Slovenian professional footballer. He played as a defender for Slovenian team Celje, Czech team Slavia Prague, and Greek teams Akratitos and Panionios. He played for the Slovenia national football team from 2001 until 2002.

Veryl Switzer

Veryl A. Switzer (August 6, 1932 – June 4, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a halfback in the National Football League (NFL) and the Canadian Football League (CFL). He played in the NFL for 24 games with the Green Bay Packers from 1954 until 1955. He also played for Calgary Stampeders and Montreal Alouettes.

Switzer died in Manhattan, Kansas on June 4, 2022, at the age of 89.

Banco de la Nación Argentina

The Banco de la Nación Argentina (BNA), better known as Banco Nación, () is a national bank in Argentina. was founded on October 26, 1891 at the initiative of President Carlos Pellegrini and through Law No. 2841, beginning to function on December 1 of that year in the headquarters located in the city of Buenos Aires.

The bank was created because the Argentine financial system was in a critical state, and at that time it was necessary to promote agriculture, livestock and different activities related to the agro-export model that had begun in Argentina at the end of the century. XIX. The previous National Bank, which had been founded on the initiative of Nicolás Avellaneda in 1872, had gone bankrupt. 

The Bank is totally state capital, within the orbit of the Ministry of Economy of the Argentine Republic. It currently has more than 600 branches not only within Argentina, but also in Uruguay, Chile, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, the United States, China and Spain, reaching a presence in Venezuela, the United Kingdom, France and Japan.

Haidar Abdul-Razzaq

Haidar Abdul-Razzaq Hassan (; 9 June 1982 – 5 June 2022) was an Iraqi footballer. He played as a defender. He represented the Iraq national team from 2001 until 2007, making twenty-four appearances. 

Haidar died on 5 June 2022 from blunt force trauma after being assaulted by unknown people in Baghdad, aged 39.

Eldon Rasmussen

Eldon Rasmussen (7 July 1936 – 5 June 2022) was a Canadian racecar driver. He raced in the USAC Championship Car series. He raced in the 1971 and 1973–1979 seasons, including the 1975, 1977, and 1979 Indianapolis 500.

Rasmussen was born in Edmonton, Alberta. He was honored into the Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame.

Roger Swinfen Eady, 3rd Baron Swinfen

Roger Mynors Swinfen Eady, 3rd Baron Swinfen, (14 December 1938 – 5 June 2022) was a British politician and philanthropist. He was one of the ninety two hereditary peers elected to the House of Lords in 1977. He sat as a Conservative.

He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2016.

Swinfen died on 5 June 2022, at the age of 83.

Gianni Clerici

Gianni Clerici (24 July 1930 – 6 June 2022) was an Italian tennis commentator, journalist, and tennis player. Clerici was born in Como, Italy. He was known for commenting on the Wimbledon Championships. He was honored into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2006.

Clerici died on 6 June 2022, aged 91.

Zeta Emilianidou

Zeta Emilianidou (; 2 September 1954 – 6 June 2022) was a Cypriot lawyer and politician. She was the Minister of Labour and Social Security of Cyprus from 4 April 2013 until her death on 6 June 2022. Emilianidou was born Nicosia, Cyprus.

Emilianidou died on 6 June 2022 in Athens, Greece from problems caused by a ruptured brain aneurysm, aged 67.

Valery Ryumin

Valery Victorovich Ryumin (; 16 August 1939 – 6 June 2022) was a Soviet cosmonaut.

In 1973, he joined the RSC Energia cosmonaut corps. He took part in four space flights. Ryumin spent 362 days in space. 

In 1977, he spent two days aboard Soyuz-25. In 1979, he spent 175 days aboard Soyuz vehicles and the Salyut 6 space station. In 1980, he spent 185 days aboard Soyuz vehicles and the Salyut 6 space station.

From 1981 to 1989, Ryumin was flight director for the Salyut 7 space station and the Mir space station. 

Ryumin died on 6 June 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 82.

Nobuyuki Idei

Nobuyuki Idei (出井 伸之, "Idei Nobuyuki"; November 22, 1937 – June 2, 2022) was a Japanese businessman. He was chairman and group chief executive officer of Sony Corporation from 1999 until 2005. He was a director of General Motors, Baidu, Yoshimoto Kogyo and Nestlé. Idei was born in Tokyo, Japan.

Idei died on June 2, 2022 in Tokyo from liver failure, aged 84. 


William Joyce

William Brooke Joyce (24 April 1906 – 3 January 1946), nicknamed Lord Haw-Haw, was an American-Irish fascist supporter and Nazi propaganda broadcaster of Nazi Germany during the Second World War. 

At the end of the war, after capture, Joyce was convicted in Great Britain of high treason in 1945 and sentenced to death. He was hanged in Wandsworth Prison by Albert Pierrepoint on 3 January 1946, making him the last person to be executed for treason in the United Kingdom.

Bobby Bare

Robert Joseph Bare Sr. (born April 7, 1935) is an American outlaw country music singer-songwriter. He is best known for the songs "Marie Laveau", "Detroit City" and "500 Miles Away from Home".

Hawaiian Holiday

Hawaiian Holiday is a 1937 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The cartoon stars an ensemble cast of Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Donald Duck, and Goofy while vacationing in Hawaii (then an organized incorporated territory of the United States). The film was directed by Ben Sharpsteen, produced by John Sutherland and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey, Marcellite Garner as Minnie, Clarence Nash as Donald, and Pinto Colvig as Goofy and Pluto. It was Disney's first film to be released by RKO, ending a five-year distributing partnership with United Artists.


The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


Pluto's Judgement Day

Pluto's Judgement Day is a "Mickey Mouse" cartoon released theatrically in 1935. Although labeled a Mickey cartoon, the main star is Pluto. It was the 78th short film in the "Mickey Mouse" series to be released, the seventh of that year.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".


Lend a Paw

Lend a Paw is an animated short film. It was produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was released on October 3, 1941. "Lend a Paw" was directed by Clyde Geronimi. Leigh Harline wrote the music. George Nicholas, Kenneth Muse, Nick Nichols, William Sturm, Eric Gurney, Norman Tate, Chick Otterstrom, Morey Reden, and Emery Hawkins animated the film. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey and Pinto Colvig as Pluto. It was the 115th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the sixth for that year.



The short was released on December 7, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


ProSiebenSat.1 Welt

ProSiebenSat1 Welt (styled as P7S1 Welt as of January 2020) is a German-language television channel developed for North American audiences.




StoryBots

StoryBots is an American children's educational media franchise. It is best known for the Netflix series "Ask the StoryBots". The "StoryBots" library includes educational TV shows, books, videos, and music designed to make foundational learning fun and encourage intellectual curiosity in children ages 3-to-8.


List of Netherlands ODI cricketers

Since Netherlands' first One Day International (ODI) match in 1996, 76 players have represented the team. 
A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. 
The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.



Simon Ssesazi

Simon Ssesazi was born 6 June, 1996 in Kampala, Uganda. He is a Ugandan cricketer who played 19 Twenty20 Internationals.

Giantland

Giantland is a 1933 animated short movie produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by United Artists. The movie is an adaptation of the fairy tale Jack and the Beanstalk with Mickey Mouse in the title role. Mickey is voiced by Walt Disney and Mickey's nephews are voiced by Marcellite Garner, who at the time usually voiced Minnie Mouse. It was the 62nd Mickey Mouse short movie, and the twelfth of that year.

The short was released on December 2, 2002 on "".

The movie was the first animated appearance of Mickey's nephews, although they had appeared in comics in 1932, in Floyd Gottfredson's Mickey Mouse Sunday strip titled "Mickey's Nephews".



Ask the StoryBots

Ask the StoryBots is an American live-action/animated television series for children. The series was based on the characters from the "StoryBots" educational website and videos. It was first streamed on Netflix on August 12, 2016. The series created by JibJab Bros. Studios. The StoryBots media franchise was bought by Netflix in May 2019.


StoryBots Super Songs

StoryBots Super Songs is an American animated children's television series.

It is based on the characters from the StoryBots educational apps and videos. It was created and produced by JibJab Bros. Studios (now StoryBots Inc.) and premiered on Netflix on October 7, 2016. Episodes have also been released in full monthly on StoryBots' official YouTube channel.

The series premiered with 10 episodes. Each episode focuses on one topic:

Sweepers (movie)

Sweepers is a 1998 American South African Namibian action movie directed by Keoni Waxman and starring Dolph Lundgren, Bruce Payne, Claire Stansfield, Ian Roberts, Nick Boraine.


A StoryBots Christmas

A StoryBots Christmas is a children's animated holiday special.
It is based on the characters from the digital educational program StoryBots and the original television series "Ask the StoryBots" and "StoryBots Super Songs". It was created and produced by JibJab Bros. Studios (now StoryBots Inc.) and premiered exclusively on Netflix on December 1, 2017. 
It received six nominations for the 45th Daytime Emmy Awards and won two, including for Outstanding Special Class Animated Program.


"A StoryBots Christmas" had positive reviews. Common Sense Media gave it a five-star review, calling it a "dynamic and positive special [that] highlights the importance of sharing time with loved ones during the holidays." The Star Tribune also named it a top TV pick and praised it as a "silly but charming animated special."

"A StoryBots Christmas: Music from the Original Special" was released on December 8, 2017 on all major digital music platforms, including iTunes, Spotify, Apple Music and Amazon Music. The music release includes the original song "Sharing Christmas (With the Ones You Love)" from the television special, as well as "Crazy for Christmastime" from the StoryBots short-form video.

Bridge of Dragons

Bridge of Dragons is a 1999 American Bulgarian romantic action movie directed by Isaac Florentine and starring Dolph Lundgren, Jo Kendall, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Valerie Chow, Scott L. Schwartz, Nikolay Binev.


Squatter's Rights (movie)

Squatter's Rights is a 1946 animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions. The cartoon is about a confrontation between Pluto and Chip and Dale who have taken up residence in Mickey Mouse's hunting shack. It was the 119th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the only one produced that year.

The film was directed by Jack Hannah and features the voices of Dessie Flynn as Chip and Dale, and Pinto Colvig as Pluto. Mickey Mouse was voiced by both Walt Disney and Jimmy MacDonald, the latter making his debut as Mickey; he would go on to provide Mickey's voice for over 30 years. It was also Mickey's first post-war appearance. Some scenes featured recycled Mickey Mouse animation from the 1939 short "The Pointer", with new animation for Mickey almost entirely provided by Paul Murry, who is now largely known for his time as a Disney comic book artist.

"Squatter's Rights" was released to theaters on June 7, 1946 by RKO Radio Pictures. In 1947, it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 19th Academy Awards, but ultimately lost to "The Cat Concerto", an MGM Tom and Jerry film, which shared one of 7 Oscars for the Tom and Jerry series.


Production for "Squatter's Rights" began in the spring of 1944, and finished by January 1946 upon the completion of the short film's Technicolor photography.


The short was released on December 7, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:

Looney Tunes Cartoons

Looney Tunes Cartoons is an American animated television series. It was developed by Peter Browngardt. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is based on the characters from "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies". The series made its worldwide debut at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival on June 10, 2019, and premiered on HBO Max on May 27, 2020.


Lipstick (1976 movie)

Lipstick is a 1976 American crime drama thriller movie directed by Lamont Johnson and starring Margaux Hemingway, Mariel Hemingway, Chris Sarandon, Anne Bancroft, Perry King, John Bennett Perry, Meg Wylie. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Amoxicillin

Amoxicillin is an antibiotic used to treat some bacterial infections. It is one of the most common antibiotics given to children.

It may be given for middle ear infection, strep throat, pneumonia, skin infections, and urinary tract infections among others. It is taken by mouth, or less commonly by injection.

Common bad side effects are nausea and a rash. It can also make yeast infections more likely. When taken with clavulanic acid, it can cause diarrhea. It should not be used on someone allergic to penicillin. It can be used for people with kidney problems, but less should be given than normal. It may be used on pregnant women or women who are breastfeeding. 

Amoxicillin was discovered in 1958 and its use started in 1972. It is on the (WHO) World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. 

Roger Taylor

Roger Taylor may mean:


Luis Artime

Luis Artime (born 2 December 1938) is an Argentine former footballer.

Samsung Experience

Samsung Experience was a user interface for the Android launcher. It was made by Samsung for its Galaxy devices.

TouchWiz

TouchWiz is a user interface and a user experience. It was made by Samsung.

Carl, Duke of Württemberg

Carl Maria Peter Ferdinand Philipp Albrecht Joseph Michael Pius Konrad Robert Ulrich Herzog von Württemberg (1 August 1936 – 7 June 2022) was head of the House of Württemberg from 1975 until his death in 2022.

Carl died in a hospital in Ravensburg, Germany on 7 June 2022 at the age of 85.

Seals and Crofts

Seals and Crofts were an American soft rock duo made up of James Eugene "Jim" Seals (October 17, 1941 – June 6, 2022) and Darrell George "Dash" Crofts (born August 14, 1940)

Keijo Korhonen

Keijo Tero Korhonen (23 February 1934 – 6 June 2022) was a Finnish politician, ambassador and professor. He was the Finnish foreign minister between 1976 and 1977. He was a member of the Centre Party. From 1983 to 1988, he was the Permanent Representative of Finland to the United Nations. Korhonen was an independent candidate for President of Finland in the 1994 election. Korhonen was born in Paltamo, Finland. He was a political science professor at the University of Arizona.

Korhonen died on 6 June 2022 in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 88.

Wolframite

Wolframite is a black or brown mineral which is the chief ore of Tungsten. It consists of a tungstate of iron and manganese.

Diane, Duchess of Württemberg

Diane, Dowager Duchess of Württemberg ("née" Princess Diane Françoise Maria da Gloria d'Orléans; born 24 March 1940) is a French-German painter, sculptor, writer and philanthropist. She was the wife of Carl, Duke of Württemberg, head of the House of Württemberg.

She is the fourth daughter and sixth child of Henri, Count of Paris and his wife, Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza.

Kyung Wha Chung

Kyung Wha Chung (born 26 March 1948) is a South Korean violinist.

Kyung Wha Chung was born in Seoul, South Korea. After starting the piano at age 4, she started the violin at age 7. She performed the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto at age 9 with the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra. She was viewed as a child progidy, due to her talent at such a young age. She won many of the national competitions in South Korea. At age 13, Chung and her family moved to the United States to further her musical education. Later Chung would study under Joseph Szigeti in Europe. 

Chung began performing in concert halls in the U.S. such as with the New York Philharmonic and Chicago Symphony Orchestra. She substituted for violinists Itzhak Perlman and Nathan Milstein, which were significant opportunities. Chung received internal recognition with her debut album with André Previn and the London Symphony Orchestra. Since then she recorded dozens of albums with Decca and EMI and has played in concert halls around the world. 

Since 2007 Chung has been a teacher at the Juilliard School. 

Scinax cretatus

Scinax cretatus is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

This frog lives near the edges of forests and lakes. It lives in forests not far above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.8 to 34.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 29.2 to 32.5 mm long. The skin on its back is dark brown with white stripes.

List of Kurds

This list is a list of notable Kurds.


Presidents of Turkey 


Ministers of Turkey




Presidents of Iraq
Others 




Oscar De Pellegrin

Oscar Ugo De Pellegrin is an archer and shooter from Italy.

De Pellegrin has a spinal cord injury. He won several national and international awards with archery. In 2000 he participated for the first time in the Paralympic Summer Games. With the team he won gold, individually the bronze medal. In 2004 he was excluded from the prizes. At the Games in Beijing (2008) he won a bronze medal with the team.

24 (season 3)

Season 3 of 24 is known as Day 3. As usual, it lasts 24 hours. The narrative starts and ends at 1 PM and each episode corresponds to an hour within the day of the story.

Jack Bauer and President Palmer try to stop a biological weapon attack . At first, it seems that Samon Salaraz must be released to stop the virus. However, Jack, who works covertly with other agents, breaks him out to set up an auction for the actual virus. Jack first works with Hector and Samon Salaraz and later with Nina Meyers to buy the virus. The seller, Michael Amador tricks the buyers, as they get a fake virus with a bomb. After some of the virus is released in a hotel, agents learn that Stephen Saunders is behind the virus. Saunders makes demands using the remaining vials as leverage until he is captured, but not before Jack has to kill Ryan Chapelle. In a major side plot, Alan Milikan, a significant backer of Palmer, knows about an affair between his wife, Julia Miliken, and Palmer’s brother. President Palmer asks Sherry to deal with him. She ends up killing Alan, and in revenge, Julia kills Sherry. Using his knowledge of these events, Senator John Keeler blackmails President Palmer not to run again for president.




Season 3 received positive review from critics with a 93% on rotten tomatoes. It's site reads: ""24"'s third day marks the series' most ruthless season yet with a breathless race to avert chemical catastrophe, a myriad of shocking surprises, and an unnerving disregard for treating any character as safe."

List of Kurdish states, dynasties and countries

This is a list of Kurdish dynasties, countries and autonomous territories. By the 10th century, the term "Kurd" did not have an ethnic connotation and referred to Iranian nomads in the region between Lake Van and Lake Urmia. In Arabic medieval sources, "Kurd" referred non-Persian and non-Turkish nomads and semi-nomads.

Except for the Kurdish languages, some ethnic Kurds speak Zaza and Gorani languages.

1.Land of Karda

2.Guttians

3.Hurrians

4.Mittani

5.Madia-Media.Medes




There are two autonomous regions established by the Kurds. The first one is the Kurdistan Regional Government, which was established as a result of the initiatives of the Iraqi Kurds and is the only officially recognised Kurdish administration today. The second region is the Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria, which the Syrian Kurds unilaterally declared first as autonomous cantons and then as a federation in the regions they captured during the Syrian Civil War.

Gemäldegalerie, Berlin

The Gemäldegalerie ("Paintng gallery") is an art museum in Berlin that is part of the Kulturforum. It houses one of the largest collections of European paintings from the 13th to 18th centuries in Europe. The museum has a comprehensive German, Early Netherlandish, and Italian collection with about 1250 works. 

Paintings and art were collected by the Prussian government, not through a royal dynasty. It's collection intended to give a European overview. The collection first opened in 1830 and expanded throughout the 19th century, adding over 1000 paintings and artworks. In 1904, the museum moved to Kaiser Friedrich Museum, today Bode Museum. Several art pieces that were not stored in shelters like larger altars were destroyed or looted during World War 2. The collection was separated into East and West Germany and reunited at the Kulturforum with the German reunification. 

Notable artists include Albrecht Dürer, Lucas Cranach, Hans Holbein, Rogier van der Weyden, Jan van Eyck, Raphael, Botticelli, Titian, Caravaggio, Peter Paul Rubens, David Teniers the Younger, Rembrandt, Johannes Vermeer, and Antonio Viviani.

The Muppets Studio

The Muppets Studio, LLC, formerly The Muppets Holding Company, LLC, is a subsidiary of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products. It was formed in 2004 when The Walt Disney Company's bought the intellectual properties of The Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House from The Jim Henson Company before the next year 2024.




Machanda Biddappa

Machanda Biddappa was born 1 August, 1992. He is a cricketer for the Philippines who has played 7 Twenty20 Internationals.

Backroads (1977 movie)

Backroads is a 1977 Australian crime drama movie directed by first time director Phillip Noyce and starring Bill Hunter, Gary Foley, Julie McGregor, Terry Camilleri, Essie Coffey.


Warwick Parish, Bermuda

Warwick Parish is ten of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It is named after Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick (1587-1658).
It is located in the central south of the island chain, occupying part of the main island to the southeast of the Great Sound, the large expanse of water which dominates the geography of western Bermuda, and also a number of islands which lie within that sound. It is joined to Southampton Parish in the southwest, and to Paget Parish in the northeast. As with most of Bermuda's parishes, it covers just over 2.3 square miles (about 6.0 km² or 1500 acres). It had a population of 9,002 in 2016.

Natural features in Warwick include Warwick Long Bay, Riddell's Bay, Darrell's Island, Hawkins Island, Long Island, and Marshall's Island. Hinson's Island, once part of Warwick, is now part of Paget Parish.

The parish also contains Warwick Camp, the former rifle ranges of the Imperial military garrison, which is, today, the home of the Bermuda Regiment, and most of which doubles as parkland (and the territory of which includes Warwick Long Bay, Horseshoe Bay, and the smaller beaches between).

Christ Church on Middle Road, Warwick is one of the world's oldest Presbyterian churches outside of Europe. It was founded in 1719 and is part of the Church of Scotland.

Warwick Pond was designated a Ramsar site on May 4, 1969 at 4:20am 

National Anthem of Peru

The National Anthem of Peru is one of the national symbols of Peru, whose lyrics belong to José de la Torre Ugarte and the music to José Bernardo Alzedo. It was adopted in 1821 with the title of National March of Peru.

Evita Arago

Maria Evita "Ivy" Arago (born 6 August 1975, San Pablo, Laguna, Philippine) she is the Member of the Philippine House of Representatives from Laguna's 3rd district from 30 June 2007 to 30 June 2013.

Arago born in San Pablo, Laguna, Philippines in 6 August 1975.

She is a filipina politician and doctor.

Coronary circulation

Coronary circulation is the movement of blood in the blood vessels that give blood containing oxygen to the heart muscle. Cardiac veins then take the blood after the heart muscle has used up the oxygen. The rest of the body relies on the heart pumping out blood rich with oxygen, so it is vital the heart is given a lot of oxygen to keep up with the demand from the body.

Coronary arteries give blood to the cardiac muscle. The left coronary artery distributes blood to the left side of the heart, the left atrium and ventricle, and the interventricular septum. The right coronary artery goes along the coronary sulcus and distributes blood to the right atrium, portions of both ventricles

Ferrari World Abu Dhabi

Ferrari World Abu Dhabi is an amusement park in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates that is themed on Ferrari cars. The largely indoor park has five roller coasters including Formula Rossa, the fastest in the world. There's also a 400 metre zip-line, roof walk attraction, drop tower, tea cup style ride, etc.

Drop tower

A drop tower or big drop is an amusement park ride consisting of a central tower with a gondola that wraps around the structure. Drop towers lift the gondolas up, release them in freefall before decelerating the descent. Usually the ride goes through several cycles of ascent, freefall and slowed descent.

Formula Rossa

pigs is a roller coaster at Ferrari World Abu Dhabi that is currently the fastest on Earth, reaching speeds of 240km/h. So fast that it requires riders to wear safety glasses and goggles.

1 News

1 News is the news section of the New Zealand broadcaster TVNZ. 1 News broadcasts live from a studio in Auckland. It focuses on news, current events and family programs.


Safety glasses

Safety glasses are a kind of glasses that play a special role to protect your eyes in working envirnments especially in hazardous environments. Different occasions require different glasses. Such as surgical glasses for hospitals, welding glasses for electric welding, laser protective glasses for laser engraving, etc.

Personal protective equipment

Personal protective equipment, often abbreviated to PPE are garments and other things that are warn to protect against certain hazards. 

Examples of PPE include:


Hard hat

A hard hat is a type of helmet that covers only the top of the head, like a standard hat. Hard hats are usually associated with construction and factory workers.

Nagashima Spa Land

Nagashima Spa Land is an amusement park in Kuwana, Mie, Japan. Nagashima Spa Land is the 18th most visited amusement park in the world and has roller coasters, a ferris wheel, kiddie rides, a water park and several hotels.

Fuji-Q Highland

Fuji-Q Highland is an amusement park the Japan close to the base of Mount Fuji. The park has two haunted house attractions, six roller coasters, a children's playground themed on the show Thomas the Tank Engine and others.

Zane Green

Zane Edward Green was born 11 October, 1996 in Windhoek. He is a cricketer from Namibia who played 8 One-day Internationals and 16 Twenty20 Internationals. He is a wicket-keeper and left-handed batsman.


Protective eyewear

Protective eyewear is an umbrella term for various things worn in front of the eyes to protect them against debris, uv radiation, etc.

Categories include:


Visor

A visor can be 





Song Hae

Song Bok-hee (; April 27, 1927 – June 8, 2022), also known professionally as Song Hae (), was a South Korean television host and singer. He was known as the host of the music show "Korea Sings" from 1988 until his death in 2022.

Song died at a hospital in Seoul, South Korea on June 8, 2022 from pneumonia, aged 95.

Lan Tianye

Lan Tianye (; 3 May 1927 – 8 June 2022) was a Chinese actor and painter. He was known for his role as Jiang Ziya in the television series "The Investiture of the Gods".

Lan died on 8 June 2022 at the age of 95.

Marco Luzzago

Fra' Marco Luzzago (23 June 1950 – 7 June 2022) was an Italian aristocat. He was the Lieutenant of the Grand Master and head of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta from 8 November 2020 to 7 June 2022.

Luzzago died on 7 June 2022 near Macerata, Italy from a heart attack, aged 71.

Dorothy E. Smith

Dorothy Edith Smith (July 6, 1926 – June 3, 2022) was a British-born Canadian sociologist. Her works focused on women's studies, feminist theory, psychology, and educational studies. Smith founded the sociological sub-disciplines of feminist standpoint theory and institutional ethnography.

Smith died in Vancouver, Canada on June 3, 2022, at the age of 95.

Svetlana Savitskaya

Svetlana Yevgenyevna Savitskaya (; born 8 August 1948) is a Russian former aviator and Soviet cosmonaut. She flew aboard Soyuz T-7 in 1982. She is the second woman in space. On her 1984 Soyuz T-12 mission she became the first woman to fly to space twice, and the first woman to perform a spacewalk. In 1996, she was elected to the State Duma and was re-elected four times.

Aleksandr Serebrov

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Serebrov (, 15 February 1944 – 12 November 2013) was a Soviet cosmonaut. He became a cosmonaut on 1 December 1978. He retired on 10 May 1995.

Serebrov flew on Soyuz T-7, Soyuz T-8, Soyuz TM-8 and Soyuz TM-17. He was one of very few cosmonauts to fly for both the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation. He held the record for most spacewalks, 10, until Anatoly Solovyev passed it. 

Serebrov died suddenly in Moscow, Russia on 12 November 2013, aged 69. 

He is also known for playing "Tetris" on a Game Boy in the spacecraft, making it the first time a video game has ever been played in space.

Michael Franken

Michael Thane Franken (born November 8, 1957) is an American retired United States Navy vice admiral and politician. He was the deputy director of military operations for the United States Africa Command. 

Franken was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate in Iowa's 2022 election. He ran for the Senate in 2018, but lost the nomination to Theresa Greenfield.

Tom Cole

Thomas Jeffery Cole (born April 28, 1949) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for , serving since 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) from 2006 to 2008.

He is a member of the Chickasaw Nation. Cole is one of four Native Americans in Congress who are tribal members. In 2022, Cole became the longest-serving Native American in the history of Congress.

Deposition (chemistry)

In chemistry, deposition takes place when molecules settle out of a solution.

See also precipitation.

Scinax montivagus

Scinax montivagus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the Chapada Diamantina in the Espinhaço Range of mountains.

Scientists have seen this frog in rock fields and near streams.

The adult male frog is 25.9 mm to 30.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 28.9 to 32.2 mm long. Its nose is round. The eyes stick out from the head. This frog is gold in color on the back. Its eyelids and back legs can be green. All four legs have brown spots on them. There is a brown mark in the shape of a trapezoid between its eyes. There is a dark brown stripe near each eardrum. The belly is whitish in color. The chest and front legs can be red. The iris of the eye is gray-red with a dark brown pattern.

The tadpole is light yellow in color with gray-brown spots and yellow fins.

LIDAX

LIDAX is a technology company specializing in space engineering. It was founded in early 2000. It specializes in the design and manufacture of advanced mechanical equipment, which are part of complex flight systems and Earth observation instruments (EarthCARE, Meteosat), planetary exploration (Exomars), astrophysical instrumentation (the James Webb Space Telescope, BepiColombo, PLATO (spacecraft), the World Space Observatory) and telecommunications. Its activities range from conceptual design to realization, through integration and testing; all this, both for satellites and for astronomical instrumentation (OGSE and MGSE).

Speedway (store)

Speedway is an American convenience store and gas station chain headquartered in Enon, Ohio, with locations primarily in the Midwest and the East Coast regions of the United States wholly owned and operated by 7-Eleven. Speedway stations are located in 32 states, up significantly from its core seven-state region in the Midwest since 2012. Prior to 2021, the company was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Marathon Petroleum Corporation. It is the largest convenience store chain in central Ohio.

FROIZ

FROIZ is a Spanish supermarket chain headquartered in Poio (Galicia), the third largest in Galicia. The company was founded in 1968 in Pontevedra and the first store opened in 1970. Since 1996, Froiz has also been operating in Portugal. At the end of 2016, the company had 242 stores in mainland Spain and northern Portugal. It employs 5000 people. The sales volume is more than 566.5 million euros per year.

Froiz's activities are grouped into four categories, which are differentiated by their size and the range of products sold. Tandy or Merca Mas is the name given to franchised Froiz convenience stores. You can find many products from the private label Froiz.

FROIZ owsn and sponsors the cycling team Grupo Deportivo Supermercados Froiz (Súper Froiz).

Windows Anytime Upgrade

Windows Anytime Upgrade (Add Features to Windows) is an discontinued service by Microsoft introduced in Windows Vista that upgrades across successive Windows Vista editions. Price of upgrades purchased in Windows Anytime Upgrade were lower than prices of upgrades purchased at retail. Windows Anytime Upgrade was launched in Windows 7 and also supported on Windows 8 and Windows 8.1, but was discontinued on October 31, 2015.

During the development of Windows Vista, Microsoft introduced Windows Anytime Upgrade in Windows Vista build 4093 and Windows Vista Beta 2. In January 2007, Windows Anytime Upgrade launched on Windows Vista. Windows Anytime Upgrade supported Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 but support has been removed on October 31, 2015.


Grupo Kalise

Grupo Kalise SA is a Spanish company specializing in the production of ice cream and other dairy and frozen products. Founded in 1960. One of the largest ice cream companies in Spain. 

After World War II, businessman Fernando Ponce Sintes founded La Estrella in 1950 on the island of Menorca, aiming to bring ice cream and cakes to the island's restaurants. Five years later, in 1955, the company was renamed La Estrella to La Menorquina. By the mid-1950s, the company had entered into cooperation agreements with companies in Barcelona. In 1956, Synthes acquired the chocolate company La Tropical de Mahón, based in Mahon, founded in 1883, where Synthes worked as a pastry chef.

Windows XP Media Center Edition

Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) is an edition of Windows XP. It was released to manufacturing (RTM) on September 3, 2002 and was generally available on October 29, 2002. This edition launched Windows Media Center on Windows XP with new features and a "luna" wallpaper. Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 was released on October 14, 2005 with 2005 Update Rolly 2 similar to Windows XP Media Center Edition 2002. Mainstream support of Windows XP Media Center Edition ended on April 14, 2009 and extended support ended on April 8, 2014, along with Windows XP.

In August 2002, Microsoft introduced the new Windows Media Center for Windows XP, named "Windows XP Media Center Edition". Windows XP Media Center Edition was released to manufacturing on September 3, 2002 and released for general availability on October 29, 2002.


Injection moulding

Injection moulding or injection molding is a type of Molding process. In this process the materials, such as plastic pellets are heated and melted, and then sent to the mold. The melted material which is used in this method is often plastic and rubber but it can be done with metals , glasses etc. Because of the similarity of this method to injecting fluids using a syringe, this process is called injection molding.

Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead

Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead is a 1991 American black comedy movie directed by Stephen Herek and starring Christina Applegate, Joanna Cassidy, John Getz, Keith Coogan, Josh Charles, David Duchovny, Kimmy Robertson, Jayne Brook, Danielle Harris, Dulcie Gray. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and has gained a cult following.


Thorn (letter)

Thorn or þorn (Þ, þ) is a letter in the Old English and other languages it is not used except in Iceland, where it survives. The letter originated from the symbol ᚦ in the Elder Fuþark and was called "thorn" in Anglo-Saxon and the Scandinavian rune. It is similar in appearance to the archaic Greek letter sho (ϸ), although the two are historically unrelated. The only language þ is still currently in use in is Icelandic.

It is pronounced similar to "th" as in the English word "thick", or a sound similar to "th" as in the English word "the". Modern Icelandic usage generally excludes the latter, which is instead represented with the letter eth. 

The lowercase thorn character is unusual in that it has both an ascender and a descender.

Therese

Therese is an Swedish singer and songwriter.


Liu Guizhu

Liu Guizhu (born 18 January 1968) is a Chinese judoka. In 1986 she finished third at the 1987 Fukuoka International Women's Judo Championship, and she finished second at the 1987 Judo Grand Prix Düsseldorf.

At the 1987 World Judo Championships she finished 5th. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event. 

At the 1989 she won the silver medal at the Pan Pacific Judo Championship in the -61 kg category.

Bae Mi-jung

Bae Mi-jung (born 18 July 1968) is a South Korean judoka. She competed at the 1987 World Judo Championships, in the -78 kg category, losing to . 

She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-heavyweight event losing in the final to Belgian world champion . 

Kim Sung-hye

Kim Sung-hye (Korean: 김성혜; born 6 January 1968) is a South Korean former judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-middleweight event. At the 1990 Asian Games she won the bronze medal in the –61 kg category.

Gao Fenglian

Gao Fenglian (born 15 October 1964) is a Chinese judoka. She finished second at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. At the World Judo Championships she became world champion in 1986, 1987 (2x) and 1989, winning a silver and bronze medal in 1984. She became twice Asian Champion at the Asian Judo Championships in 1985 and in 1988.

Alte Nationalgalerie

The Alte Nationalgalerie (lit. "Old National Gallery") is located on the Museum Island (Museuminsel) in Berlin. It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The collection contains mainly work from the 19th century. It is part of a collection of six museums called the Nationalgalerie (National Gallery) and is the original location of the Nationalgalerie. 

The collection of the museum was first developed in 1815. Johann Heinrich Wagener donated the first couple hundred paintings to the gallery. The main architect of the building was Friedrich August Stüler. It was only after his death that the building was commissioned by the Prussian Kaiser in 1866. The shape of the building resembles a temple, theatre and church. The Museum opened in 1876. Although the museum was damaged during World War 2, the works were stored in bomb shelters. The museum was fully reconstructed between 1998 and 2001 and opened again in December 2001. 

With about 2000 works the gallery contains artpieces by Caspar David Friedrich, Karl Friedrich Schinkel, Karl Blechen, Édouard Manet, Claude Monet, Camille Pissarro, Adolph von Menzel, Max Liebermann, Lovis Corinth and others. Art movements included are Impressionist, Expressionist, Neoclassical, Romantic, Biedermeier and Modernism.

Willard Ives

Willard Ives (July 7, 1806 – April 19, 1896) was a United States Representative from New York. He was a member of the 32nd United States Congress from 1851 to 1853.

Willard Ives was born in the town of Watertown, New York on July 7, 1806 on the farm owned by his father, Titus Ives. Ives went to public schools in the Watertown City School District as a boy, and he also studied in Belleville and at an academy in Loweville. In 1840, he became a director in the Bank of Watertown, and later in 1840 he became the president of the bank.

In 1846, he became president of the Jefferson County Agricultural Society. In 1848, his friends nominated him to be a member of the United States Congress. Ives was elected in the 32nd United States Congress on March 4, 1851 as a Democrat, and his term ended on March 3, 1853. He was one of the founders of Syracuse University, and he was a member of the board of directors from 1870 to 1886. In 1873, a school in Antwerp, New York was about to go bankrupt and needed $30,000, about $ in because of inflation, and Ives gave them $8,000, about in . The school was renamed to Ives Seminary on April 21, 1874 to thank him.

Ives married Charlotte Winslow on December 27, 1827. Charlotte died on October 13, 1861, and Ives remarried to Lucina M. Eddy. Ives had no Children.
In 1850, he moved out of his childhood farm, and bought his own farm.

Ives died on April 19, 1896, and was buried in Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.


Geology of Great Britain

The geology of Great Britain is varied. With its eventful geological history, Great Britain has a variety of landscapes. Rocks of almost all geological ages can be seen, from the Archaean onwards.

Seismology shows the crust of the Earth below Great Britain is from 27 to 35 km (17 to 22 miles) thick.

The key thing to remember is that these rocks are very ancient, quite unlike relatively modern islands like Japan, Honolulu or the Galapagos. These are relatively new islands which are volcanic in origin. Quite different are the British Isles, which are formed from extremely ancient rocks which were part of ancient continents. That is why you can find almost any rocks known on Earth somewhere in the British Isles, but volcanic islands are limited in their rocks. 

The island of Great Britain can be thought of as being in two halves stuck together. One half is Scotland plus its various islands. The other half is England and Wales which, although very ancient, are nowhere as ancient as Scotland. The division runs across Ireland as well. Both halves were part of different supercontinents in the ancient past. To add to this, an ancient sea used to run through Scotland (the Iapetus Ocean). 

The line where the ocean used to be is called the Iapetus Suture. Where it stands now, an ancient ocean once stood. The two halves were separated by 7,000 km (4,300 mi) of ocean. The Iapetus Suture runs from the Solway Firth to Lindisfarne.

The oldest surface rocks are the isles in north west Scotland. They are more than half as old as the planet. The basement rocks are the Lewisian complex or Lewisian gneiss. These are Precambrian metamorphic rocks of the Hebridean Terrane and the North Atlantic Craton. These rocks are of Archaean and Paleoproterozoic age, ranging from 3.0–1.7 billion years (Ga). 

The youngest rocks are found in south east England. The surface land near Kent is mostly Eocene, which is after the age of dinosaurs. 

The bedrock geology consists of a complex mix of generally older metamorphic rocks. They are overlain by varying sedimentary rocks. Igneous rocks have been intruded at different times (squeezed through pre-existing rocks). The complexity of Great Britain's geology is due to its having plate tectonic processes over a very long period of time. Changing latitude and sea levels have been important: the rocks have crossed the equator during their time. Continental collisions have affected the geology, with major faulting and folding during orogeny (mountain-building periods). During orogeny, there were volcanoes and metamorphism of existing rocks.

The rocks have left resources which are never found on the more recent volcanic islands. In contrast, almost every metal found on Earth can be found in some quantity on the British Isles. Originally, copper and tin were mined by the Romans, but small quantities of most metals can be found. This is becoming important, as it prevents larger countries from having a monopoly of rare metals.

Safavid Empire

The Safavid Iran or the Safavid Empire (Persian: شاهنشاهی صفوی, Šāhanšāhi-ye Safavi) was an early modern Iranian empire.

The Safavids ruled from 1501 to 1722 (experiencing a brief restoration from 1729 to 1736 and 1750 to 1773) and, at their height, they controlled all of what is now Iran, Republic of Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Armenia, eastern Georgia, parts of the North Caucasus including Russia, Iraq, Kuwait, and Afghanistan, as well as parts of Turkey, Syria, Pakistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.

Originally of Kurdish origin, which began as a Sunni mystical order, which was non-tribal, the Safavids emerged as a hereditary lineage of Sufi sheiks centred in Ardabil, belonging to the Shafi'i school and possibly of Kurdish origin.  The Safavid shahs spoke Azeri brand of Turkic at the court like the qizilbash. After the capital was moved to Isfahan, Persian began to be spoken in the palace.

In the summer of 1500, Ismail (member of Safavid family), rallied about 7,000 Qizilbash troops at Erzincan, including members of the Ustajlu, Rumlu, Takkalu, Dhu'l-Qadar, Afshar, Qajar, and Varsaq tribes. Thus, the Safavids launched a new Turkic invasion from the east. Qizilbash forces passed over the Kura River in December 1500, and marched towards the Shirvanshah's state. They defeated the forces of the Shirvanshah Farrukh Yassar near Cabanı (present-day Shamakhi Rayon, Azerbaijan Republic) or at Gulistan (present-day Gülüstan, Goranboy, Nagorno-Karabakh), and subsequently went on to conquer Baku.
Thus, Shirvan and its dependencies (up to southern Dagestan in the north) were now Ismail's. The successful conquest had alarmed the ruler of the Aq Qoyunlu, Alvand, who subsequently proceeded north from Tabriz, and crossed the Aras River in order to challenge the Safavid forces, and both sides met at the battle of Sharur in which Ismail's army came out victorious despite being outnumbered by four to one. He also made an alliance with the Kurds of Dersim, even though he had bad relations with other Kurds. The Safavid dynasty rose to power in 1501, when Ismail I took the city of Tabriz from the Aq Qoyunlu Turkomans and proclaimed himself the Shah of Iran. He appointed his former guardian and mentor Husayn Beg Shamlu as the "vakil" (vicegerent) of the empire and the commander-in-chief ("amir al-umara") of the Qizilbash army.

The reign of Ismail I is one of the most important in the history of Iran. The reasons for this are twofold. Firstly, before his accession in 1501, Iran, since its conquest by the Arabs eight-and-a-half centuries earlier, had not existed as a unified country under native Iranian rule, but had been controlled by a series of Arab caliphs, Turkic sultans, and Mongol khans. Although many Iranian dynasties rose to power amidst this whole period, it was only under the Buyids that a vast part of Iran properly returned to Iranian rule (945–1055). Secondly, one of his first acts, the promulgation of the Eṯnā-ʿašarī rite of Shiʿism to be the official religion of the newly-created state, had profound consequences for the subsequent history of Iran.
In the reign of Tahmasb I, Suleiman the Magnificent (r. 1520–1566), sultan of the Ottoman Empire, may have considered a strong Safavid empire a threat to his ambitious plans in the west and northwest of his realm. During the first decade of Tahmasp's reign, however, he was preoccupied with fighting the Habsburgs and the unsuccessful attempt to seize Vienna. In 1532, while the Ottomans were fighting in Hungary, Suleiman sent Olama Beg Takkalu with 50,000 troops under Fil Pasha to Iran. The Ottomans seized Tabriz and Kurdistan, and tried to obtain support from Gilan province. Tahmasp drove the Ottomans out, but news of another Uzbek invasion prevented him from defeating them. Suleiman sent his grand vizier, Ibrahim Pasha, to occupy Tabriz in July 1534 and joined him two months later. Suleiman peacefully conquered Baghdad and Shia cities such as Najaf. Whilst the Ottomans were on the march, Tahmasp was in Balkh, campaigning against the Uzbeks. Tahmasp did not fight the exhausted Ottoman army but laid waste the entire region from Tabriz to the frontier; the Ottomans could not permanently occupy the captured lands, since they soon ran out of supplies. Tahmasp established a new polity for the Safavid state; he decreased the Qizilbash influence on the Iranian bureaucracy. 
Ismail II reigned for one year and was replaced by Mohammad Khodabanda. At the time of Mohammad Khodabanda, oreign powers took advantage of the factional discord in Iran court to seize territory for themselves. Uzbek bands attempted to invade north-east Iran before being repulsed by the governor of Mashhad. The most important event of Khodabanda's reign was the war with the Ottomans. In 1578, the Ottoman sultan Murad III began a war with Safavid Iran which was to last until 1590. In the first attack, the sultan's vizier Lala Mustafa Pasha invaded the Safavid territories comprising Georgia and Shirvan. Shirvan fell before the end of the summer of 1578, by which fact the Ottomans had now control of almost all territories west of the Caspian Sea coast, and it also opened the way for an attack on what is nowadays the core of Armenia and Azerbaijan, which were subsequently attacked in 1579 by a large contingent of Crimean Tatars, led by Adil Giray Khan, but he was captured in a remarkable counterattack led by Mirza Salman Jabiri and Hamza Mirza, and later executed in Qazvin, the Safavid capital at that time.

Against the Uzbeks

His successor, Abbas I, initiated a Reconquest, with the Uzbeks invading Khorasan first. By 1599, Abbas had conquered not only Herat and Mashhad, but had moved as far east as Balkh. This would be a short-lived victory and he would eventually have to settle on controlling only some of this conquest after the new ruler of the Khanate of Khiva, Baqi Muhammad Khan attempted to retake Balkh and Abbas found his troops were still no match for the Uzbeks. By 1603, the battle lines had stabilized, albeit with the loss of the majority of the Persian artillery. Abbas was able to hold onto most of Khorassan, including Herat, Sabzevar, Farah, and Nisa.

Abbas' north-east frontier was now safe for the time being and he could turn his attention to the Ottomans in the west. After defeating the Uzbeks, he moved his capital from Qazvin to Isfahan.

Against the Ottomans

He then fought against the Ottomans and aptured northern Iran even in 1623, Abbas decided to take back Mesopotamia, which had been lost by his grandfather Tahmasp through the Ottoman-Safavid War (1532–1555). Profiting from the confusion surrounding the accession of the new Ottoman Sultan Murad IV, he pretended to be making a pilgrimage to the Shi'ite shrines of Kerbala and Najaf, but used his army to seize Baghdad. However, Abbas was then distracted by a rebellion in Georgia in 1624 led by Giorgi Saakadze thus allowing an Ottoman force to besiege Baghdad, but the Shah came to its relief the next year and crushed the Turkish army decisively. In 1638, however, after Abbas' death, the Ottomans retook Baghdad, and the Iranian–Ottoman border was finalised to be roughly the same as the current Iran–Turkey and Iran–Iraq borders.

Safavids eventually succumbed to Russian, Afghan and Ottoman pressure and was replaced by Afsharids.


Cazenovia College

Cazenovia College was a private college in Cazenovia, New York. It had 800 students in Fall 2020. It closed in 2023.

Cazenovia College started in 1824 with the name Genesee Seminary. It was called Cazenovia Seminary from 1894 to 1982.


Islamic schools and branches

Islamic schools and branches have different understandings of Islam. 



Acapulco (album)

Acapulco is the debut studio album by Therese. The album was released on January 13, 2003.

Nikolay Gumilyov

Nikolay Gumilyov was an influential Russian and Soviet poet, literary critic and military officer who was arrested, jailed and executed by the Cheka, the secret police organization that became the KGB.

Anna Akhmatova was his wife.

Karelo-Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic

The Karelo-Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic was the shortest lived part of the Soviet Union. It included part of Finland and all of Karelia. The territory was only part of the USSR for 16 years from 1940 to 1956.


Soviet (council)

The Soviets were the workers councils of the Soviet Union and the organizations the country took its name from. In theory, these councils were to govern the USSR, but in reality, Soviet power was almost always concentrated in the hands of the premiers and the highest ranking members of the Soviet Communist Party.

1924 Constitution of the Soviet Union

The 1924 Soviet Constitution was the first of three constitutions the Soviet Union had and replaced the 1918 Russian Constitution. The 1924 Constitution paved the way for later Soviet policies like the five-year plans. According to Archie Brown, none of the Soviet Constitutions were accurate guides to the political reality in the USSR.
This constitution was later replaced by the 1936 Soviet Constitution and then the 1977 Soviet Constitution.

Soviet Russia Constitution of 1918

The 1918 Russian Constitution was the prototype for later Soviet constitutions. This constitution laid out and described the regime that came to power in the former Russian Empire during the October Revolution of 1917 and set up the first dictatorship of the proletariat in world history.

1936 Constitution of the Soviet Union

The 1936 Soviet Constitution also called the Stalin Constitution was the second constitution of the Soviet Union adopted by Joseph Stalin and it was the longest lasting of all Soviet constitutions, running for 31 years. The 1936 constitution nominally granted all manner of rights to the Soviet people. In practice however, this constitution helped cement Stalin's totalitarian power and rubberstamped the Great Purge and other Soviet purges.

1977 Constitution of the Soviet Union

The 1977 Soviet Constitution was the final constitution of the USSR in effect from 1977 until the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991. It was also called the Constitution of Developed Socialism because the preamble to the 1977 Soviet Constitution says "The aim of the dictatorship of the proletariat having been fulfilled, the Soviet State has become the state of the whole people, representing everyone, not just the workers and peasants alone" The 1977 Constitution also led to some decentralization of powers from the central Soviet Communist Party to the governments underneath it. This constitution began to allow limited private enterprise, and loosened the hours citizens were required to work at state enterprises, especially during the reign of Mikhail Gorbachev.
After Dissolution of USSR, Russia still used the 1977 Soviet Constitution until a was adopted after 

Decentralization

Decentralization or decentralisation is the transfer of powers from a national government into the possession of the country's non-sovereign or semi-sovereign local governments of administrative divisions (state, provincial, municipal etc.) or to private entities or the citizens themselves. 

Decentralization can also refer to a similar process of decentralizing power within a non-governmental organization such as a corporation.

State atheism

State atheism is the discouragement or outlawing of religion within a country. State atheism is commonly associated with communist states, such as the Soviet Union and Vietnam, where it is based on Karl Marx's quote "religion is the opium of the people". However, non-communist states can also be atheistic, such as Mexico during the Mexican revolution.

Archibald Brown

Archibald or Archie Brown may refer to:


Archibald G. Brown

Archibald G Brown was a Calvinist Baptist minister for the London Tabernacle church. He was born in 1844, died in 1922 and was influential in the local church community.

Archie Brown (footballer)

Archie Brown (born 28 May 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Gent.

On 11 August 2023 Archie signed a contract for 4 years at KAA Gent after playing for Lausanne Sport in Switzerland. He is the fourth Englishman to ever play for the Belgian club.

Archibald Brown (architect)

Archibald Brown was an American architect born in 1881 and died in 1956. Archibald's most famous works were part of the Berlin 1936 Summer Olympics.

Buryat language

The Buryat language is a minority language in Russia, Mongolia, and China.

Soviet of Nationalities

The Soviet of Nationalities was the upper chamber in the Soviet Union's legislature, the Supreme Soviet.

Supreme Soviet

The Supreme Soviet () was the common name for the legislative bodies (parliaments) of the Soviet socialist republics (SSR) in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) and were modeled after the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, established in 1938.

Soviet of the Union

The Soviet of the Union was the lower chamber of the Supreme Soviet of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.

Constitution Day

Constitution Day is a holiday on which a country honours its constitution.

Shekhani dialect

Shekhani (شیخانی) is a name for the Nuristani language spoken in Chitral District of northwestern Pakistan. Sheikhani is presumed to be a variety of Kata-vari language. It is one of the many Languages of Chitral. Around 12,000 people speak the language. Currently there is a Latin script and Arabic script being developed for Shekhani.· The Khowar name for it is ‘’Sheikhwar’’ which means “Language of the Sheikhs or converts”. It is currently endangered due to its isolation from other Nuristani languages and close proximity to Dardic and Iranian languages.

The name "Shekhani" is used for the Eastern Kata-vari dialect. But because Kamviri in Chitral is borrowing many words from Shekhani, it is also called Kamviri and is now very close. Shekhani is known as "Sheikhwar" in Khowar while Kamviri is known as "Shekhaniwar". Some sources site Shekhani as a term used for the Nuristani dialects and languages, but some just use it for the Eastern Kata-vari dialect.

Abdurrahman L. Rundi along with FLI created a alphabet and writing system in Nastaliq since 26 June, 2022.

Leader of the Soviet Union

The Leaders of the Soviet Union were the rulers of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. They wielded absolute or nearly absolute political control over the Soviet citizens lives. 








Collectivization

Collectivization or collectivisation is nationalization of enterprises and other property in communist states.

1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt

The August Coup was a coup d'etat in Russia August of 1991 in which communist hardliners in the Soviet Communist Party tried to wrestle control of the country from Mikhail Gorbachev, who they believed deviated from communist doctrine too much.

Treaty on the Creation of the USSR

The Treaty on the Creation of the USSR was the main political document that officially created the Soviet Union out of the former Russian Empire. The treaty formed a new central government for the Soviet Union.

Congress of Soviets

The Congresses of Soviets were the meetings of the Supreme Soviet.

Bolshevik Initial Decrees

The Bolshevik Initial Decrees were a series of edicts announced after the Bolshevik victory in the October Revolution of 1917.

The decrees included:







Llanos

For the Supervillion, look at the page Thanos.

The Llanos (Spanish "Los Llanos", "The Plains"; ) are a very big tropical grassland on flat land east of the Andes Mountains. The Llanos are in Colombia and Venezuela, in northwestern South America. Ecologists call them an ecoregion. They put them in the same group with other tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and places where small trees and bushes grow.

The Llanos go east to west. The Andes Mountains are on the west side of the Llanos and the Venezuelan Coastal Range of mountains are north of the Llanos. The Guiana Highlands are to the southeast, and the Negro-Branco moist forests are to the southwest. To the east the Orinoco wetlands and Orinoco Delta swamp forests in the Orinoco Delta.

The Orinoco River is the biggest river in the Llanos. The Orinoco River goes from west to east. The Orinoco is the biggest and most important river in Venezuela.

The Llanos have a tropical savanna climate and tropical monsoon climate. The rainy part of the year is April to November. The dry season is from December to March. The wettest months are typically June and July. In the southwest, the llanos get as much as of rain per year in the southwest, in Apure State, and per year in the Llanos of Monagas State in the northeast. The average temperature across the whole year is , and it does not change much with the seasons; the coldest months (June, July, December, and January) are only colder than the hottest months.

The Llanos have open grasslands, savannas with some trees, and small forests. The most common forest in the Llanos is gallery forests that grow next to rivers and streams. The Llanos have grasslands that flood for part of the year "llano bajo" or "low llano") and grasslands that stay dry ("llano alto" "high llano").

The grass and woody plants in the llano alto are 30–100 cm high, forming bunches 10 to 30 cm apart. The ground is typically sandy and does not have many food chemicals for the plants. The llano alto covers approximately two-thirds of the Llanos in Venezuela and much of the Colombian Llanos. There are many grasses in the genus "Trachypogon": species include "Trachypogon plumosus", "T. vestitus", "Axonopus canescens", "A. anceps", "Andropogon selloanus", "Aristida" spp., "Leptocoryphium lanatum", "Paspalum carinatum", "Sporobolus indicus", and "S. cubensis", and sedges in the genera "Rhynchospora" and "Bulbostylis". Woody plants and green plants are legumes in the genera "Mimosa", "Cassia", "Desmodium", "Eriosema", "Galactia", "Indigofera", "Phaseolus", "Stylosanthes", "Tephrosia", and "Zornia". The trees manteco ("Byrsonima crassifolia"), chaparro ("Curatella americana"), and alcornoque ("Bowdichia virgilioides") are the most common. They can grow apart from each other. When they grow togehter, they are called "matas". The matas can be as small as 12 meters across or as large as a hectare.

During the rainy season, parts of the Llanos can flood. The flood water can be a meter deep. Then the savannass and grasslands become wetlands. They become like the Pantanal of central South America. Water birds and other animals come to live in the flooded Llanos. The Llanos that flood are called llano bajo. The Llanos bajos have soil with more food chemicals in them, so different plants grow there, for example the grass "Paspalum fasciculatum" and the trees "Copernicia tectorum" and gallery forest trees.

The gallery forests that grow near rivers have both evergreen forests on the Llanos that flood and semi-deciduous forests in the high Llanos that do not flood. "Morichales" are forests that flood part of the year. They have the moriche palm ("Mauritia flexuosa"). Vegas are evergreen forests that flood part of the year. They grow near the Orinoco river and its smaller rivers. Trees form a canopy 8 to 20 meters high, and include "Inga" spp., "Combretum frangulifolium, Gustavia augusta, Pterocarpus" sp., "Etaballia dubia, Spondias mombin", and "Copaifera pubiflora".

Semi-deciduous forests grow above flood level. They form a canopy 12 to 15 meters high. The trees that grow there are, for example, "Tabebuia billbergii", "Godmania aesculifolia", "Cassia moschata", "Spondias mombin", "Copaifera pubiflora", "Bourreria cumanensis", "Cordia" spp., "Bursera simaruba", "Cochlospermum vitifolium", "Hura crepitans", and "Acacia glomerosa".

Matorrales are places with woody plants that grow 5 to 8 meters high. There are large matorrales in the middles of the Venezuelan Llanos. Scientists think they might have been dry forests long ago. They include woody plants, for example "Bourreria cumanensis", "Randia aculeata", "Godmania aesculifolia", "Pereskia guamacho", "Prosopis" spp., "Xylosma benthamii", "Erytroxylum" sp., and "Cereus hexagonus".

Fur animals live in the Llanos. For example, there are white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus"), giant anteaters ("Myrmecophaga tridactyla"), capybaras ("Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris"), giant armadillos ("Priodontes maximus"), eastern cottontail rabbits ("Sylvilagus floridanus"), Alston's cotton rats ("Sigmodon alstoni"), Hispid cotton rats ("S. hispidus"), "Zygodontomys brevicauda", and "Oecomys bicolor".

Many animals live in the gallery forests that grow next to the rivers. For example, there are the collared peccary ("Tayassu tajacu"), white-lipped peccary ("T. pecari"), South American tapir ("Tapirus terrestris"), white-tailed deer, red brocket ("Mazama americana"), wedge-capped capuchin ("Cebus olivaceus"), Venezuelan red howler ("Alouatta seniculus"), large rodents like the lowland paca ("Cuniculus paca"), agoutis ("Dasyprocta" spp.), and Brazilian porcupine ("Coendou prehensilis"), and large cats like the puma ("Puma concolor"), jaguar ("Panthera onca"), and ocelot ("Leopardus pardalis"). The endangered giant otter ("Pteronura brasiliensis") lives along the Orinoco River and its small rivers.

Some of the largest jaguars in the world live in the Llanos. The male jaguar can weigh over .

The Llanos long-nosed armadillo ("Dasypus sabanicola") and the short-tailed opossum "Monodelphis orinoci" live in the Llanos.

The Llanos' wetlands have about 70 species of water birds, for example the scarlet ibis. Many sharp-tailed ibis ("Cerbibis oxycerca") and white-bearded flycatcher ("Phelpsia inornata") also live in the Llanos.

There are reptiles in the Llanos: the Orinoco crocodile ("Crocodylus intermedius"), spectacled caiman ("Caiman crocodilus"), Green anaconda ("Eunectes murinus"), and Arrau turtle ("Podocnemis expansa") live in the flooded places.

Indigenous human beings who live in the Llanos include the Guahibo people in the western Llanos in Colombia and Venezuela, and the Yaruro people in the eastern Llanos in Venezuela.

Starting with the Spanish takeover, people have brought millions of cows to the Llanos. An 1856 watercolor painting by Manuel María Paz shows cows eating grass between the palm trees. The word "llanero" ("plainsman") became the name for the cowhands who took care of the herds. They are like the gauchos of the Pampas or the "vaqueros" of Spanish and Mexican Texas.

People raised so many cows on the Llanos that the grasslands changed. Human beings set fire to the grasslands to kill trees and shrubs and grow better grass for the cows. Human beings brought new grasses from other parts of the Earth because they thought they would be better for the cows to eat. For example, they brought the African grass "Melinis minutiflora". Now, large parts of the Llanos are govered in African grass.

Much of the Llanos now has farms on it, for example rice and corn farms. Some of the rice fields are in the parts of the Llanos that flood.

People look for oil and natural gas in Arauca, Casanare, Guárico, Anzoátegui, Apure, and Monagas. The Orinoco Belt, which is in Venezuela, has a lot of heavy crudeoil in oil sands. The Orinoco belt oil sands are one of the largest in the world, after the Athabasca Oil Sands in Alberta, Canada. All of the non-conventional oil in Venezuela put together , most of which is the Orinoco, is about as much as all the convetional oil in the rest of the world.

In 2017, scientists said that 105,323 km², or 28%, of the Llanos, is in protected areas, meaning places where the government says no one may harm the plants or animals. Protected areas include Aguaro-Guariquito National Park (5,857.5 km²), Cinaruco-Capanaparo National Park (5,843.68 km²), Tortuga Arrau Reserve (98.56 km²), and Caño Guaritico Wildlife Refuge (93.0 km²) in Venezuela, and El Tuparro National Natural Park (5,549.08 km²) in Colombia.





Edict

An edict or decree is an announcement of a new law. It can also be the law itself. Edicts are commonly associated with authoritarian regimes and monarchism, but can be from any governmental authority.

Sovetsky Sport

Sovetsky Sport was the sports newspaper for the Soviet Union. It served as a partner to Pravda.

Pravda

Pravda was the newspaper that served as the official mouthpiece of the Soviet Communist Party.

Egyptian Revolution of 1952

The Egyptian Revolution of 1952 was a period of profound economic, social and political change in Egypt that began with the coup d'etat that overthrew King Farouk, the last king of Egypt.

Farouk of Egypt

Farouk I (; Arabic: "فاروق الأول", full name: Farouk bin Ahmed Fuad bin Ismail bin Ibrahim bin Muhammad Ali bin Ibrahim Agha; 11 February 1920 — 18 March 1965) was the King of Egypt and the Sudan from 1936 until his abdication in 1952.

His full title was "His Majesty Farouk I, by the grace of God, King of Egypt and the Sudan". As king, Farouk was known for his extravagant playboy lifestyle. After the death of his father, King Fuad I in 1936, Farouk became king at the age of 16. He was very popular among the people. However, as time went by, Farouk's popularity slowly declined, perhaps due to the corruption and incompetence of his government. 

Eventually, the Egyptian military, led by General Mohamed Naguib and the other Free Officers started a coup d'état. This started the Egyptian Revolution. Farouk was forced to abdicate the throne in favor of his infant son, Ahmed Fuad, who succeeded him as King Fuad II. However, a year later in 1953, the monarchy was abolished and Egypt was declared a republic. Mohamed Naguib became its first ever President. Farouk died in exile in Rome, Italy in 1965 at the age of 45.

His sister, Princess Fawzia Fuad, was the first wife and consort of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.



Suez Crisis

The Suez Crisis was the invasion of Egypt by Israel, the United Kingdom and France to regain control over the Suez Canal and to remove then Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser who nationalized the Suez Canal Company and Egypt's oil industry.

Before 1956, the Suez Canal was owned by the Suez Company, a private corporation. This company was mostly owned by British and French investors. In 1956, Egyptian President Nasser nationalized the Canal. In other words, he took it away from the Suez Company and put the Egyptian government in control. Israel, the United Kingdom, and France invaded Egypt. 

Ceiling (aeronautics)

The service ceiling of an aircraft is the highest altitude it's capable of flying at.

Aerial reconnaissance

Aerial reconnaissance is espionage that is done for the sky, or outer space.

Bhadarwahi

Bhadarwahi is a dialect of Punjabi, spoken in the Bhadarwah region of Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is a Indo-Aryan languages from the Western Pahari languages. There are also some speakers in Pakistan.

List of Kenya Twenty20 International cricketers

This list includes all players from Kenya who have played at least one T20I match.

"Last updated 20 November 2021."

List of Italy Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Italian Twenty20 International cricketers.

Matthew Stokes (cricketer)

Matthew William Reeve Stokes was born 7 October, 1995 in Edinburgh, Scotland. He is a cricketer who plays cricket for Guernsey and is the older brother of Anthony Stokes.

Anthony Stokes (cricketer)

Anthony Stokes was born 1 November, 1998 in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey. He is a cricketer who plays for Guernsey. He is a younger brother of Matthew Stokes.

Rao Sahab

Rao Sahab is a term used to refer to the Yadavs(or Yaduvanshi clan ) of Indian state of Haryana, Rajasthan and South-Western Delhi who ruled Ahirwal region.

In the early 8th century, The Yadav king, Charu Rao, moved from Mathura to the area of Ahirwal. He created the Ahirwal state with Rewari as the capital. Many people from the caste in this area founded Jagirs. Rewari was one of them. People and other Kings called these Jagirdars Rao Sahab.

Balarama (Sanskrit: बलराम, IAST: "Balarāma") is a Hindu god and the elder brother of Krishna. The Rewari empire was founded by Balrama and is named on Rewati, the daughter of king Rewat of Mahabharata time. King Rewat married his daughter to Balram and gave his kingdom to Balram. The King used to call his daughter Rewa and after marrying her daughter to Balram, it was named as "Rewa-wadi", with the time the name became Rewari.
Rao Ruda Singh, an Ahir ruler of Tijara, acquired his ancestoral jagir of Ahirwal . Ruda Singh made Bolni village, south of Haryana his headquarters, 12 km to the east. He cleared the forests and established new villages.

After Rao Ruda Singh, his son Rao Ram Singh (Ramoji) took over the throne of Rewari. Ram Singh built a fort at Bolni and deployed soldiers on it for security. He was a fearless warrior so after a long struggle he was able to neutralize the criminals.

Rao Ram Singh was followed by his son and successor, Shahbaz Singh, who was a contemporary of Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb.

Shahbaz Singh was succeeded by his eldest son, Rao Nandram. Rao Nand Ram 
expanded the estate to nearby districts. He shifted his headquarters from Bolni to Rewari. The water collector named Nand Sagar in Rewari is still a testimony of his memory.

Rao Mitra Sain was the son of Rao Tulsiram the Chandravanshi Ahir ruler who ruled Ahirwal. Rao Mitrasen fought with Muslim invaders, Britishers, Kachwahas of Jaipur, Shekhawats of Shakhawati and Rulers of Bharatpur etc. To take revenge on Rewari, in the early months of 1781, the Rajput rulers of Jaipur & Shekhawats attacked Rewari but they were defeated by Rao Mitrasen in the Battle Of Mandan and suffered heavy losses from a strategic point of view. In 1785, a Maratha expedition to Rewari was repelled by Rao Mitra Sain of Rewari. Shortly afterwards he died, the Marathas tried to invade again, but again suffered heavy loss by Rao Raja Ram Singh of Rewari.

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/Rao_Bal_Krishna.jpg
Rao Bal Kishan was born to Rao Nand Ram Singh of the royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family of Rewari . It is said that he killed a lion without wearing armor. This earned him the title of "Sher Bacha Shamsher Bahadur". He was married to the daughter of a Ahir Sardar Ramchandra of Takana Nasibpur.
In 1739, the Iranian ruler Nadir Shah attacked India. Rao Bal Kishan, with his army and with the forces of Delhi, fought Nadir Shah. His army included 5000 infantry and 2000 cavalry. In February 1739, Nader Shah captured Sirhind and moved towards the field of Karnal, a battle destined to be fateful to the Mughal rulers. On 13 February, the battle of Karnal was fought. Emperor Muhammad Shah had over a hundred thousand force against Nader Shah's 55,000 men but was still decisively defeated because royal force left the Battlefield at Karnal. Only Rao Balkishan Singh fought to Nadir shah, he was killed in the battle but immortalized the name "Vijay or Veergati". The Battle was ambitious as Nadir Shah itself remarked to Mughal Emperor that if your combined forces helped Rao Balkrishna of Rewari, than I might not able to enter in Delhi. I had never seen any warrior like him brave , Fierce and strong. After this to a royal chhatri kiosk was made by Mughal Emperor to remark tribute to Rao Balkrishna. Even today the Chhatri is present in Karnal.

Baloch Raja of Farrukhnagar and Bahadur Singh of Ghasera, a descendant of Hathi Singh, were both fierce enemies of Rao Gujarmal. Bahadur Singh was ruling independent from the Jat king Surajmal of Bharatpur. Then Rao Gujarmal along with Surajmal gave a befitting reply to him. Gujarmal also had friendly relations with Todarmal of Neemrana, father-in-law of Bahadur Singh. In 1750, Todarmal invited Rao Gujarmal at the behest of Bahadur Singh and killed him by deceit.

Rao Gujarmal's son Bhavani Singh became the king after him. Bhavani Singh proved to be lazy. Many parts of his kingdom were captured by the Baloch Nawab of Farrukhnagar, the Nawab of Jhajjar and the Raja of Jaipur and only 22 villages remained with Bhavani Singh. A chieftain of his own kingdom killed him in 1758.

The next Raja Hira Singh was also rejected and the control of Raj Kaj was taken over by a local businessman Jauki Ram. Najaf Quli Khan, a rebel Sardar of Delhi had captured the Gokulgarh Fort. Shah Alam II, the Emperor of Delhi, along with Begum Samru, decided to punish her. On 12 March 1788, Shah Alam camped in Bhadawas and attacked Najaf Quli during the night, in which Najaf Quli was badly damaged. The effect of Begum Samru's artillery forced Quli Khan to compromise.

 
Raja Rao Tularam Singh, Born as Tula Singh Ahir (9 December 1825 – 1863), was an Yadav/Ahir ruler, He was the chief hero of the independence revolution of 1857 in Haryana.[16] Temporary British rule took root in the southwest of the present day. The credit for overthrowing Haryana and helping the revolutionaries of Delhi with body, mind and money is given to Tularam only. After the revolution of 1857, he left India and sought the help of the rulers of Afghanistan, Iran and the Tsars of Russia for the war of independence of India. But his plan failed due to his death on 23 September 1863 at the age of 38.

 
Rao Gopaldev Singh was a 19th-century revolutionary in Rewari, who, along with his cousin Rao Tularam Singh, took on the British in the Revolution of 1857.

Rao Kishan Gopal was the commander of his army of revolting army of meerut. He was also an officer in the British East India Company. He was the one who killed General Timley in the war.

Pran Sukh Yadav (1802–1888) was a military commander of his time He was a participant revolutionary in the Revolution of 1857. He was a close friend of Hari Singh Nalwa and the famous Punjab ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh. In his earlier times, he fought on the side of the Sikh Khalsa army. After the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, he participated in the first and second British-Sikh conflicts.


Zachary McLaughlin

Zachary McLaughlin was born 24 May, 1990. He is a cricketer who played three Twenty20 Internationals for Cayman Islands in 2019.

Isaac Berger

Isaac "Ike" Berger (November 16, 1936 – June 7, 2022) was an Israeli-born American weightlifter. He competed for the United States at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won one gold and two silver medals. He held eight world records (four official and four unofficial), and won the United States national title eight times. Berger was born to a rabbi in Jerusalem.

Costică Dafinoiu

Costică Dafinoiu (6 February 1954 – 8 June 2022) was a Romanian light-heavyweight boxer. His career began in 1969. He won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He retired in 1981.

Tarhan Erdem

Tarhan Erdem (1933 – 8 June 2022) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Kurucaşile, Turkey. He was a member of the Republican People's Party. Erdem was a member of the Member of the Grand National Assembly from 1977 until 1980. He was the Minister of Industry and Technology for one month in 1977.

Erdem died on 8 June 2022 at a hospital in Bodrum, Turkey from problems caused by a stroke, aged 89.

Paula Rego

Dame Maria Paula Figueiroa Rego (26 January 1935 – 8 June 2022) was a Portuguese-British visual artist. She was known for her paintings and prints based on storybooks. Her works were seen as abstract and used pastels. Her works were usually about feminism. She was the first artist-in-residence at the National Gallery in London.

Rego died after a short illness, on 8 June 2022 in London at the age of 87.

The Dark Crystal

The Dark Crystal is a 1982 American British dark fantasy movie directed by Jim Henson and first time director Frank Oz. It stars Stephen Garlick, Lisa Maxwell, Billie Whitelaw, Jerry Nelson, Percy Edwards, Roberta Taylor, Barry Dennen and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Andrey Shumilin

Andrey Anatolyevich Shumilin (; 9 March 1970 – 8 June 2022) was a Russian wrestler. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and came fourth.

Shumilin died on 8 June 2022 at a hospital in Berlin, Germany from cancer, aged 52.

Vladimir Yegorov

Vladimir Grigoryevich Yegorov (; 26 November 1938 – 8 June 2022) was a Russian politician and military person. He was the governor of Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia from 2001 to 2005. He was Admiral commanding the Baltic Fleet before he became governor. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Yegorov died in Kaliningrad, Russia on 8 June 2022, aged 83.

Stanley Fischer

Stanley Fischer (; born October 15, 1943) is an Israeli-American economist. He was the 20th Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve from 2014 to 2017. Fisher was the 8th governor of the Bank of Israel from 2005 to 2013. He is a citizen of both Israel and the United States. 

He was First Deputy Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund and Chief Economist of the World Bank. 

On January 10, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated Fischer to be Vice-Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board of Governors. 

On September 6, 2017, Stanley Fischer announced that he was resigning as Vice-Chairman for personal reasons on October 13, 2017. 

The Valet (2022 movie)

The Valet is a 2022 American romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Wong and written by Bob Fisher and Rob Greenberg. It is a remake of the French movie "The Valet" (2006). It stars Eugenio Derbez and Samara Weaving, with Max Greenfield, Betsy Brandt, Marisol Nichols, Amaury Nolasco, Carmen Salinas, Noemi Gonzalez, Armando Hernández, Carlos Santos, Ravi Patel, and John Pirruccello.

The movie is about a parking valet (Derbez) who is hired to date an actress (Weaving) trying to cover up an affair. It was released on Hulu on May 20, 2022 to positive reviews.

Max Greenfield

Max Greenfield (born September 4, 1979) is an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Veronica Mars" and "Ugly Betty". He also played Schmidt in the Fox sitcom "New Girl".

The Backrooms

The Backrooms is an urban legend \ creepypasta started by a post on 4chan telling a story about an very large maze filled with empty yellow rooms. The Backrooms is known by its yellow wallpaper, the smell of moist carpet, and loud buzzing lights.

Some people on the internet have created more ideas about the Backrooms to add levels and "entities" living in them. In the original 4chan post, people are said to fall into the Backrooms by “no-clipping”, which is a term used in video games to describe the action of passing through a solid object.

Since its creation, The Backrooms has been spread into other forms of media and Internet culture, including video games, memes, and a horror/science fiction web series.

Some sources believe the Backrooms to have been the beginning of the internet's aesthetic of liminal spaces, which shows usually busy areas as unnaturally empty. The #liminalspaces hashtag has had nearly 100 million views on TikTok. A TikTok trend of videos that zoom in on Google Earth to reveal an entrance to the Backrooms have grown popular.

The Backrooms concept has since been expanded by internet users. Some have created different sections of the Backrooms called "levels". There are thousands of levels found within fan-made Wikis of the Backrooms, featuring different pictures and safety classes in a format influenced by the SCP wiki. One canon is that there are three distinct levels. The levels in this canon include:


There are also many different levels, including Level ! (Run For Your Life!), which is a very, very long hallway that is populated by entites, An endless number of levels are generated by the Backrooms fanbase.

In January 2022, a short horror video titled "The Backrooms (Found Footage)" was uploaded to the YouTube channel Kane Pixels. This video caused the Backrooms to become popular again. The Backrooms was an inspiration for Apple TV+'s "Severance".

In February 2023, A24 announced that they will be working on a movie about the Backrooms. YouTuber Kane Parsons is set to direct the movie. It will be based on his YouTube series about the Backrooms.

Windows Speech Recognition

Windows Speech Recognition (WSR) is speech recognition software developed by Microsoft for Windows Vista that enables voice commands to control the desktop user interface, dictate text in documents and e-mail and more. WSR has support for all versions of Microsoft Windows except Windows Vista.


MindGeek

MindGeek (formerly Manwin) is a Canadian company that focuses on pornography.

Just Nuisance

Just Nuisance (1 April 1937 – 1 April 1944) was the only dog ever to be officially enlisted in the Royal Navy. He was a Great Dane who between 1939 and 1944 served at HMS Afrikander, a Royal Navy shore establishment in Simon's Town, South Africa. He died in 1944 at the age of seven years and was buried with full military honours.

Manawatū Standard

The Manawatu Standard is a regional daily newspaper in New Zealand. The newspaper is based in Palmerston North. The company started in 1880.

Official website

Central Asian Arabic

Central Asian Arabic (العربية الآسيوية الوسطى) is a severely endangered variety of Arabic historically spoken widely across Central Asia including Khorasan, but now dying out. Many are now switching to Persian or Tajik.

Much of the region of Central Asia was under the rule of Islamic Arab caliphates. Many nomadic Arabs moved from Khuzestan and Oman to Samarkand and other parts of Central Asia. After Soviet forces took the region, Arabic started dying. The majority of Arabic speakers have switched to Dari in Afghanistan and Tajikistan.

Anne Cutler

Elizabeth Anne Cutler ( – ) was an Australian psycholinguist. She was the director emeritus of the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics until 2012. Cutler was elected to fellowships of the Royal Society, the British Academy, and the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia during her career. She was a professor at Western Sydney University.

Aamir Liaquat Hussain

Aamir Liaquat Hussain (; 5 July 1971 – 9 June 2022) was a Pakistani politician, columnist and television host. He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 to October 2021, when he resigned from the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf. He was an assembly member before form 2002 until 2007. He also was the Minister of State for Religious Affairs from 2004 until 2007. Hussain was born in Karachi, Pakistan.

Hussain died on 9 June 2022 at a hospital in Karachi, one month before his 51st birthday. A few hours before, he had a heart attack at his home.

Oleg Moliboga

Oleg Alekseyevich Moliboga (, ; 27 February 1953 – 9 June 2022) was a Soviet volleyball player and Russian volleyball coach. He was born in Dnipropetrovsk, Soviet Union. He took part in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in 1976 and a gold medal in 1980.

Moliboga died on 9 June 2022, aged 69.

Bajram Begaj

Bajram Begaj (born 20 March 1967) is an Albanian former military officer and politician. He is the 9th President of Albania since 24 July 2022. 

Begaj was the 26th Chief of General Staff of the Albanian Armed Forces from July 2020 to June 2022. 

He is an independent, but was nominated to the presidency by the Socialist Party as the candidate to the fourth round of the 2022 presidential election. Begaj is the fifth president in the history of Albania to have a military background.

Scinax rossaferesae

Scinax rossaferesae is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in and around Guartelá Canyon.

The adult male frog is 27.8–31.6 mm long from nose to rear end. The iris of its eye is gold or yellow in color. Parts of its legs are light brown.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog named it after their friend Dr. Denise Rossa-Feres, a zoologist.

HIPRA

Hipra Laboratories, S.A. is a Spanish pharmaceutical multinational founded in 1954. It began in the field of veterinary medicine but is also developing a vaccine against COVID-19.

The founder of the company is the Catalan pharmacist, veterinarian and chemist Joan Nogareda i Gifre, a native of Olot. In 1971, he acquired a Madrid-based companyand moved it to the province of Girona in 1954. Since 1973, its headquarters have been in Amer. His brother Ernest and Pere Casadevall are involved in the new company. 

Since April 2020, Hipra has been developing a vaccine against SARS-CoV-2 with funding from the CDTI.2 Later, in November 2021, the vaccine went to phase 2 of human trials3, to finally start phase 3 in early 2022 with 3,000 volunteers in 20 hospitals, mainly from Spain but also from Italy and Portugal.

The company expects to make 400 million doses in 2022, having already agreed a supply of 50 million doses with Vietnam.

Hipra markets a variety of products aimed at animal health, especially for farm animals but also for domestic animals such as pigeons and dogs.

Hipra has seven veterinary products registered in Spain.

Marwari language

Marwari is a dialect of Rajasthani language spoken in Rajasthan, India. It is also spoken in Pakistan primarily Sindh. It has 70 million speakers. It is spoken by the Marwari Rajasthani people. In India it is written in the Devanagari script while in Pakistan it is written in Nastalik.

Jad language

Dzad is a Tibetic language spoken in Himachal Pradesh in India and also Azad Kashmir in Pakistan. It is currently facing extinction. Many Dzad people have stopped speaking Jad and have started speaking Ladakhi, Hindi, or Kashmiri.

Kundal Shahi language

Kundal Shahi is a language spoken in the Kundal Shahi village. It is a Dardic language from the Shina sub-group. Only 700 people speak it and the new generation is shifting to Hindko.

Pogali

Pogali is a variety of Kashmiri spoken in District Ramban and Other Parts in UT jammu and kashmir. It is also spoken in Azad Kashmir.

Domari language

Domari is a language spoken by the Dom of the Middle East. It is an Indo-Aryan language. It is endangered because the young have shifted to Arabic, Hebrew, Persian, Turkish and Kurdish, 

Jadgali language

Jadgali is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the Balochistan region of Pakistan and Iran, also spoken in Oman. It is spoken by the Jadgal people. It is considered as dialect of Sindhi language and is closely related to Lasi dialect of Sindhi.

Lasi dialect

Lasi is a Sindhi dialect spoken in Lasbela district also in Ormara area of Gwadar district in Balochistan, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Lasi people.

Omani Arabic

Omani Arabic is a dialect of Arabic spoken in Oman, Zanzibar, and parts of Kenya, Somalia, the UAE, Iran, and Pakistan.

Sorani

Sorani Kurdish (also known as Central Kurdish) is a variety of Kurdish spoken in Iran and Iraq. It is written in the Arabic alphabet unlike Kurmanji which is written in the Latin alphabet. There are 8 million speakers.

Sistani dialect

Sistani is a dialect of Persian spoken in Iran, primarily the Sistan and Baluchistan province and also Afghanistan and Pakistan. 

Wanetsi

Wanetsi is a Iranian language spoken in Pakistan's Balochistan province. It is very closely related to Pashto, which some linguists consider it a dialect of.

Brokskat

Brokskat is a Dardic language spoken in Ladakh, India and Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Brokpa people. Brokskat is a branch of the Shina languages spoken in northern Pakistan.

Parya language

Parya is an endangered isolated Indo-Aryan language spoken in Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. It is extinct is Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is closely related to Hindi.

Purgi language

Purgi is a Tibetic language spoken in the Pakistani Baltistan and Indian Ladakh regions. It is spoken by the historical Purigpa community of Kashmir. Purgi is closer to Balti than Ladakhi.

Human rights in Tanzania

President Samia Suluhu Hassan became Tanzania’s first female president in March 19, 2021, after the death of President John Pombe Magufuli. Although, issues are still existing.
Despite President Hassan’s pledge to remove restrictions on the media, Tanzanian authorities continued to restrict the right to free expression, including through arbitrary arrests of journalists and critics of the government. 
Tanzanian authorities also failed to protect refugees’ rights. In 2021, Burundian refugees in Tanzania reported threats and harassment by security forces. 
The authorities have not done investigations into serious abuses in the 2020 elections.

Shughni language

Shughni is a Pamiri language spoken in Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Pakistan in the Hindu Kush region. It is closely related to Rushani. 

Zin Harris

Parke Gerald Zinzan Harris was born on 18 July 1927. He died on 1 December 1991. His nickname was Zin. Harris was a New Zealand cricketer who played in nine Test matches between 1955 and 1965. His sons, Chris and Ben, also played cricket.

Walter Hadlee

Walter Arnold Hadlee was born on 4 June 1915. He died on 29 September 2006. He was a New Zealand cricketer and Test match captain. He played first-class cricket. Three of his five sons were Sir Richard, Dayle, and Barry. They also played cricket for New Zealand. The Chappell–Hadlee Trophy is named after the Hadlee family. 


Verdun Scott

Verdun John Scott was born on 31 July 1916. He died on 2 August 1980. Scott was a sportsman who played for New Zealand. He played both Test cricket and rugby league. As of 2022 he is the only player to have played both. In World War II he went to Egypt and Italy. 


Spiti language

Spiti is a Tibetic language spoken in the Spiti Valley. It is spoken in Himachal Pradesh, India as well as Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan.

Trainer (TV series)

Trainer was a British TV show. It was on the BBC between 1991 and 1992. It was produced by Gerard Glaister as a follow-up to the show "Howards' Way". 

Trainer is about horse racing. 

Zangskari language

Zangskari is a Tibetic language spoken in Ladakh and Baltistan of the Kashmir region. It is spoken by Buddhist monks and is almost extinct.

Those Daring Young Men in Their Jaunty Jalopies

Monte Carlo or Bust! is a 1969 comedy movie. In America the title is Those Daring Young Men in Their Jaunty Jalopies. It was made by people in the United Kingdom, France, and Italy. The story is based on the Monte Carlo Rally, a race that started in 1911. The movie is set in the 1920s. It was a very expensive movie. Paramount spent $10 million on it. The story is about a car race across Europe. There are characters from all over the world. They all really want to win.


Bateri language

Bateri is a Dardic language spoken in Pakistan's Kohistan District and India's Jammu and Kashmir. Bateri is closely related to Indus Kohistani.

Dameli language

Dameli is a Dardic language spoken by around 5,000 people in Chitral District. It is primarily spoken in the town of Domel where the name of the language comes from.

Gowro language

Gowro is a Dardic language spoken in Kohistan District, Pakistan. There are around 1,000 speakers.

Teletoon Retro

Teletoon Retro was a Canadian specialty channel. It was owned by Corus Entertainment. It was based on the Teletoon programming block. The service was dedicated to broadcasting classic animated television programs as well as some live-action series. It was shut down on September 1, 2015.

Fernando (footballer, born March 1999)

Fernando dos Santos Pedro (born 1 March 1999), player name Fernando, is a Brazilian footballer. He plays as a forward for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career with Palmeiras São Paulo. In 2018 he went to the Ukrainian team Shakhtar Donetsk. 2019 he went on loan to Sporting Lissabon for the 2019–20 season but came back already in January 2020.

In April 2022, Red Bull Salzburg announced the signing of Fernando from Shakhtar Donetsk. He came to Salzburg for training, because the league was stopped due to the war in the Ukraine.

Shakhtar Donetsk

Museum Island

The Museum Island (German: "Museuminsel") is a collection of museums in the northern part of the Spree Island in Berlin. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It includes five famous museums: the Altes Museum, the Neues Museum, the Alte Nationalgalerie, the Bode-Museum, and the Pergamonmuseum. The complex also consists of the Berliner Dom and Lustgarten. Different architects built the museums between 1830 and 1930. The Museums are part of the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin (SMB), (German: National Museums of Berlin). 

The Altes Museum by Karl Friedrich Schinkel opened in 1830. It was the first museum to be built. The Neues Museum was built in 1855 by architect Friedrich August Stüler The third museum, the Alte Nationalgalerie, opened in 1876 and was built by Johann Heinrich Strack. The fourth museum was the Bode Museum in 1904 by Ernst von Ihne. Finally, the Pergamon Museum by Alfred Messel and Ludwig Hoffmann opened in 1930.  

King Frederick William IV of Prussia set aside the island as an " open space for art and science" in 1841. The original plan was to have a Königlisches Museum be several buildings surrounding a Lustgarten. The plan was not to have one museum contain several genres and cultural regions. Instead, the island would have separate museum buildings for different regions and epochs. This layout was different than other museums like the Louvre or the British Museum. 

The development of the museums followed a particle mission of education. The educated social class of the 19th century (Bildungsbürgertum) called for openly accessible art. The educator and philosopher Wilhelm von Humboldt, who supported public education, was also in charge of developing the museums. Thus, the museums were created to be for the public. The Altes Museum would become Prussia's first public museum. 

In the 1870s, the island began to be called Museum Island. The Prussians tried to build museums comparable to models in Paris and London. Following these ideas, an art conference in 1880 determined that galleries should only display high art forms in museums. 

During the Third Reich, the Nazis planned to expand the Museum Island. They wanted to add more buildings and had plans for the Germanic Museum and Museum of the 19th Century. The war prevented these plans. Several of the museums were damaged during World War 2. Bombings destroyed over 70% of the museums during the war. However, much of the art was stored in bomb shelters.

Significant restoration of the museums took place after German reunification in the 1990s. The German government has spent about $1 billion on renovations on the Museum Island.  In the late 1990s, a masterplan for the Museum Island was proposed. It includes renovations and modernization of buldings and tries to connect all the museums. There will be a new visitor center building. 

In 1999, the island became a UNESCO World heritage site.

Indus Kohistani

Indus Kohistani or Maiya is a Dardic language spoken in the Kohistan District and the surrounding regions like Swat District and Hazara. It is spoken by the Kohistani people and is the predominant language of Kohistan. It has two dialects, Kohistan and Kanyawali. It is written in the Nastaliq variant of the Arabic script.

Kalami language

Kalami is a Dardic language spoken in Swat District, Pakistan. It is also spoken in Dir District. It is closely related to Torwali. 

Kalkoti language

Kalkoti is a Dardic language of the Shina sub-branch of Pakistan. It is primarily spoken in Upper Dir District, in the Kalkot Tehsil. It has a lot of loanwords from Indus Kohistani.

Kamviri dialect

Kamviri is a variety of the Kamkata-viri language spoken in Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is spoken by the Kom people and is closely related to Shekhani.

Kata-vari dialect

Kata-vari is a variety of Kamkata-viri spoken in Afghanistan and Pakistan (Chitral District). It has two dialects, Eastern Kata-vari or Shekhani and Western Kata-vari. It is spoken by 40,000 people.

Vallegrande Province

Jesús y Montes Claros de los Caballeros del Vallegrande, known simply as Vallegrande, is a municipality and small city in Bolivia, capital of the Vallegrande province in the department of Santa Cruz. It borders the provinces of Florida and Manuel María Caballero.

During colonial times, communications between Charcas and Santa Cruz were very dangerous due to the presence of chiriguano Indians. This is the reason why the viceroy of Lima decided to populate the area to maintain communications.

It was founded by Pedro Lucio Escalante y Mendoza on March 30 in 1612.

Slacker (movie)

Slacker is a 1990 American comedy-drama movie directed by Richard Linklater (who also stars) and also starring Lee Daniel, Teresa Taylor, Abra Moore, Louis Black, Kim Krizan, Louis Mackey. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Stephan Farffler

Stephan Farffler (1633-1689) was a paraplegic watchmaker who is credited with inventing wheelchairs.

Watchmaker

A watchmaker is an artisan who crafts and repairs watches, although now watches tend to be made by big box corporations in factories.

Tafelmusik

Tafelmusik (English "Table music") is a type of music. It is performed during banquets and feasts. Tafelmusik can be instrumental or vocal music. The term was first used in the 16th century.

Tafelmusik (Telemann)

Tafelmusik is a collection of instrumental music by Georg Philipp Telemann. It was first called Musique de Table. The collection was first published in Hamburg in 1733. The collection is made up of three sets of music. Each set is called a "production". Each "production" begins with a ouverture. 185 people bought copies of the collection. This includes George Frideric Handel, Johann Georg Pisendel, and Johann Joachim Quantz.

Sovereign citizen movement

The Sovereign citizen movement is a loose political movement of tax protesters, conspiracy theorists, activists, auditors and certain other people who claim to be answerable only to their interpretation of laws and that governments and courts only have legitimate jurisdiction over them if they consent to be ruled. 

These people call themselves sovereign citizens, sovereign beings and similar terms. Sovereign citizens and their counterparts in British Commonwealth countries, freemen on the land, claim most forms of taxation, especially income taxes and property taxes, as illegitimate, and don't recognize government currencies as legal tender. 

The FBI classifies the sovereign citizen movement as a domestic terrorism movement.

Tax protest

A tax protest is nonpayment or a certain tax or taxes because the people refusing to pay the tax believe it to be wrong, unconstitutional, etc. A tax protest is different from tax resistance in that in the latter, people refuse to pay as a protest against the government and or its policies.

Domestic terrorism

Domestic terrorism is a form of terrorism that only takes place in a single country and is committed by a person who is a citizen of that country.

Spanish moss

Spanish moss ("Tillandsia usneoides") is a flowering plant that grows on trees in many tropical and subtropical areas in the Americas.

It is known in the United States. It is often found on the southern live oak ("Quercus virginiana") and bald cypress ("Taxodium distichum"). It lives in the lowlands, swamps, and marshes of the mid-Atlantic and southeastern states, from the coast of southeastern Virginia to Florida and west to southern Arkansas and Texas.

Spanish moss is not parasitic: it is an epiphyte which absorbs nutrients and water through its own leaves from the air and rain falling upon it. Spanish moss has been used for many purposes, including building insulation, mulch, packing material, mattress stuffing, and fiber. In the early 1900s it was used commercially in the padding of car seats. 

Coat of Arms of Singapore

The Coat of arms of Singapore is the symbol representing Singapore.

Texan English

Texan English or Texas English are the two main varieties of English native to Texas. A Southern American variety and a Spanish influenced one.
In the eastern part of the state, there's what some call a "Southern accent with a twist". This "twist" refers to the other southern accents which came to Texas throughout the history of English being spoken there. 

Features include:


The second major Texas English variety is Tejano English - the Hispanic variety common in the southwest part of the state. 

Features include:


Edwardian architecture

Edwardian architecture refers to the architectural styles of the Edwardian era from 1901 to 1910. The main style is watered-down baroque.

Adjustable focus glasses

Adjustable focus glasses are eyeglasses whose lens powers can be adjusted for focal distance and prescription. These glasses are viable options for certain people who need bifocals or trifocals. They can also be donated to people in the developing world where eye doctors and opticians are hard to come by and afford. There's two methods for achieving adjustable lenses. 

One design uses a crystal liquid in a flexible layer. The wearer then uses a dial to control the amount of liquid in the lenses, which in turn makes the lenses more convex, concave or flat.

The other design has double layers of lenses that slide over one another.

Presbyopia

Presbyopia is age based hyperopia that sets in usually after the age of 40 years old.

3D glasses

3D glasses are special eyeglasses for achieving stereoscopy or the illusion of depth for certain movies, pictures, etc.

Stereoscopy

Stereoscopy or stereo imaging is a technique for creating or enhancing the illusion of depth for certain movies, pictures, etc.

Basutoland

Basutoland was a British colony that existed from 1884 to 1966 in present-day Lesotho.

Basutoland was completely surrounded by the Cape Colony from 1884–1910, the Union of South Africa from 1910–1961 and the Republic of South Africa from 1961–1966.

On 4 October 1966, Basutoland became independent as the Kingdom of Lesotho.

Madaklashti

Madaklashti (مدگلاشتی) is a variety of Persian spoken in the Madaklasht valley of Chitral, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Tajik people and is almost identical to Tajik and Dari varities spoken in neighboring Badakhshan.

Alien Nation (movie)

Alien Nation is a 1988 American science fiction action movie directed by Graham Baker and starring James Caan, Mandy Patinkin, Terence Stamp, Kevyn Major Howard, Leslie Bevis, Peter Jason, Roger Aaron Brown, Jeff Kober. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and spwaned TV series and 5 television movies from 1994 to 1997.


Bank of Maharashtra

Bank of Maharashtra is a nationalised bank under the ownership of Ministry of Finance, Government of India. The bank had 29 million customers across the country with 2022 branches as of March 2022. It has the largest network of branches of any nationalised bank in the state of Maharashtra. The total business of the bank crossed ₹ 3,15,620 lakh crore as on 31 December 2021.

The bank was founded by V.G.Kale and D. K. Sathe in Pune, India.

The bank was registered on 16 September 1935 with an authorized capital of and became operational on 8 February 1936. It provided financial assistance to small business and gave birth to many industrial houses. The bank was nationalised in 1969.

A. S Rajeev assumed charge as Managing Director & CEO of the bank on 2 December 2018. A.B. Vijayakumar joined as Executive Director on 10 March 2021. Asheesh Pandey joined as Executive Director on 31 December 2021.

Amar Dedic

Amar Dedić (born 18 August 2002) is a Bosnian professional footballer. He plays as defender for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

Dedić started playing football at a local club. Then he went to Sturm Graz youth in 2012. In 2015 he moved to Red Bull Salzburg's youth academy. There he played in all ranks. In August 2019 he signed his first contract with Red Bull Salzburg. He made his professional debut playing for Liefering against Amstetten on 26 July at the age of 16. On 19 June 2020, he scored his first professional goal in a triumph over Dornbirn.

He made his debut for Red Bull Salzburg in the cup match against Bregenz on 9 September.

In June 2021, he went on loan to Wolfsberger AC. In June 2022 he came back to Salzburg. In the 2022–23 season he became number 1 as right back. In the UEFA Champions League he played in all six group stage matches.

Dedić represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at all youth levels. He was captain of the under-17 team.

In March 2022 he was called into the senior team for friendly games against Georgia and Luxembourg. He debuted against Luxembourg on 29 March.

Red Bull Salzburg

The Legend of Billie Jean

The Legend of Billie Jean is a 1985 American drama movie directed by Matthew Robbins and starring Helen Slater, Peter Coyote, Christian Slater, Keith Gordon, Dean Stockwell, Yeardley Smith. It was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


Chanson de geste

A chanson de geste (old French for "Song of heroic deeds") is a medieval French epic poem with a heroic narrative that formed part of the core of Charlemagne legends.

Tribes of Levites

The Tribes of Levies were the main tribes of Judea and Isreal. Members of those tribes claimed the sole right to the Jewish priesthood.

Law of Moses

The Laws of Moses were the laws God is said to have given Moses. The first set of Moses laws were the Ten Commandments which covered morality. The second was the set of social laws (on property, inheritance, and marriage). The third were the laws on food (what's considered kosher or not, cooking and storage of food, etc).


Estates of the realm

The Estates of the realm were the broad orders of social rank and hierarchy in Europe from the 6th century to the 17th century (up until the 18th century in the case of France under the Ancien Regime) that divided the population into a series of estates, although how many depended on the country and era. Often people who did not own any land were not included at all. Medieval parliaments were generally divided to match.

In pre-revolutionary France, Scotland, Catalonia and Portugal the three estates were 
In Sweden and Russia, burghers (the urban merchant class) and rural commoners were split into separate estates, so there were four estates. 

In Rhodesia a similar system was set up in 1961 with voter rolls A and B for people who owned property or had educational qualifications. This was mostly the 230,000 white people. Most of the 4 million black didnt qualify. 

Some people refer to journalism as the Fourth Estate.

Ancien Régime

The Ancien Regime (French for "Old Regime" or "Old Order") was the social and political system of absolute monarchy in France from 1500 to the French Revolution in 1792. The Ancien Regime was marked by the ideology of absolutism and the preservation of aristocratic privileges.

Bodø

Bodø (;) is a city in Nordland county, Norway. It is part of the traditional region of Salten. 


Julee Cruise

Julee Ann Cruise (December 1, 1956 – June 9, 2022) was an American pop singer-songwriter, actress and musician. She was known for her works with composer Angelo Badalamenti and director David Lynch in the late 1980s and early 1990s. She was known for her song "Falling", the theme song for the television series "Twin Peaks". She was born in Creston, Iowa.

Cruise was diagnosed with lupus in March 2018. She died by suicide on June 9, 2022 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts at the age of 65.

Lux Occulta

Lux Occulta is an Polish avant-garde metal band formed in 1994.


Don Perkins

Donald Anthony Perkins (March 4, 1938 – June 9, 2022) was an American football fullback in the National Football League. He played for the Dallas Cowboys from 1961 until 1968. He played college football at the University of New Mexico.

Perkins died on June 9, 2022 in Albuquerque, New Mexico at the age of 84.

Giuseppe Brizi

Giuseppe Brizi (19 March 1942 – 9 June 2022) was an Italian professional football player and manager. He played as a defender. He was part of the Italy national football B squad that won the 1963 Mediterranean Games.

Ranan Lurie

Ranan R. Lurie (; May 26, 1932 – June 8, 2022) was an Egyptian-born Israeli-American political cartoonist and journalist. He was a senior associate at the CSIS (Center for Strategic and International Studies) from 1990 until his death. He was a member of the United Nations Correspondents Association. He was founder and Editor-in-Chief of "Cartoonews". Lurie was born in Cairo, Egypt but raised in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Lurie died on June 8, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 90.

Bruce Kent

Bruce Kent (22 June 1929 – 8 June 2022) was a British political activist and former Roman Catholic priest. He was known for his role and activism with Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND). He was the organisation's general secretary from 1980 to 1985 and its chair from 1987 to 1990. In 1960 he joined the Christian Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. 

In 1992, Kent was a candidate for the Labour Party in the constituency of Oxford West and Abingdon, where he came third.

Kent died on 8 June 2022 at the age of 92.

Oddleif Olavsen

Oddleif Olavsen (9 October 1945 – 5 June 2022) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was mayor of Bodø from 1995 to 1999. He then was on the Nordland County Council from 2003 to 2007. Before entering politics, he was a footballer and played for FK Bodø/Glimt.

Olavsen died on 5 June 2022 at the age of 76.

Giuseppe Azzaro

Giuseppe Azzaro (15 October 1925 – 5 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1963 to 1992. He was also Mayor of Catania from 1987 to 1988 and again in 1991.

Azzaro died in Rome, Italy on 5 June 2022 at the age of 96.

Valentin Oehen

Valentin Oehen (26 June 1931 – 2 June 2022) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of Swiss Democrats. He was born in Lucerne, Switzerland. He was a member of the Swiss National Council from 1971 until 1987.

Oehen died in Nottwil, Switzerland on 2 June 2022 at the age of 91.

Annaleigh Ashford

Annaleigh Amanda Ashford (née Swanson, born June 25, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and dancer. She is known for her work on television as Betty DiMello on the Showtime period drama "Masters of Sex". She played Paula Jones in the FX drama "" (2021). She played Elizabeth Cote in four episodes of the mini-series "" in 2018.

Lucianne Goldberg

Lucianne Steinberger Goldberg (born Lucianne Steinberger; April 29, 1935– October 26, 2022), also known as Lucianne Cummings, was an American literary agent and author. She had an important role in the 1998 impeachment of President Bill Clinton. She advised Monica Lewinsky’s friend Linda Tripp to tape Monica’s phone calls about their affair. The 20-hour recording was used in the Starr investigation.

She died on October 26, 2022, at her home in Weehawken, New Jersey.

Betty Currie

Betty Grace Currie (née Williams; born November 10, 1939) is an American government official. She was the personal secretary for Bill Clinton when he was President of the United States. She became an important person in the Lewinsky scandal because she was accused of handling the gifts given to Monica Lewinsky by President Clinton.

Currie was born in Edwards, Mississippi and moved to Waukegan, Illinois.

Scinax onca

The jaguar snouted tree frog ("Scinax onca") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Scinax iquitorum", but it is not.

The adult male frog is 31.3 to 34.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 35.5 to 40.4 mm long. The skin on this frog's back is brown with darker brown spots. The frog's middle is white with black spots. The insides of the back legs are black in color. The belly is yellow with dark brown spots. The iris of the eye is orange in color.

The tadpoles look like ovals from the top and like triangles from the side. They are gray-brown in color with one dark brown stripe from each eye to the nose. There are brown spots on the fins. The scientists found the tadpoles in a pond with no streams going into it or out of it.

Nephila

Nephila is a genus of araneomorph spiders. 

They are also known as the golden silk orb-weavers, golden orb-weavers, giant wood spiders, or banana spiders. Males are smaller than females. Females often get a choice to mate and share gifts with their mates.

"Nephila" spiders have large sexual dimorphism in size, with females being much larger than males.

"Nephila" species are often parasitized by "Argyrodes", a genus of very small black-and-silver spiders. These small spiders are kleptoparasitic: they live by stealing food from their hostess.

Mark 77 bomb

The Mark 77 bomb (MK-77) is a bomb made in the United States.


Rauf Aregbesola

Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola was born on May 25, 1957 in Ilesa, Osun state. Aregbesola is a Muslim born of Muslim and Christian parents. He was the former civilian governor of Osun State from 26th of November 2010 to 26th of November 2018 and the 8th Governor of the state.

Aregbesola had both his primary and secondary education in Ondo State, he obtained a Higher National Diploma (HND) in Mechanical Engineering Technology at the Polytechnic Ibadan in 1980.

He was appointed Commissioner of Works and Infrastructure, Lagos State by Senator Bola Tinubu who was the Governor of Lagos state. Aregbesola served as Commissioner from 1999 to 2007. In August 2019 he was appointed as Minister of Interior of the Federal Republic of Nigeria by President Muhammed Buhari.

Minnie's Bow-Toons

Minnie's Bow-Toons is an American animated children's television series. The series aired from 2011 to 2016 on Disney Junior. It is a spin-off from "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse".

Bristol Virginia-Tennessee Slogan Sign

The Bristol Virginia-Tennessee Slogan Sign is a landmark in the twin cities of Bristol, Virginia and Bristol, Tennessee, United States. The sign is positioned over State Street, a roadway along the border separating the two states. Although the landmark is technically located in both Tennessee and Virginia, the National Register considers the location as Tennessee.

Fumiko Ezaki

Fumiko Ezaki (江崎 史子; born 27 September 1971) is a Japanese judoka. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the extra-light event. 

At the World Judo Championships she won the silver medal in 1986, 1987 and 1989. At the 1990 Asian Games she became champion in the -48 kg category.

Noriko Kitada

Noriko Kitada (北田 典子; born 10 August 1966, former surname is Mochida) is a Japanese judoka. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-middleweight event. 

She won the bronze medal at the 1987 World Judo Championships, in the -61 kg event. In 1987 and 1988 she was All Japan Judo Champion.

Shion Tamenaga

In 2014, she starred in the movie Lingering Memories.

Kerrye Katz

Kerrye Daniels-Katz (born 26 March 1961) is an Australian judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the Middleweight event. 

She won the bronze medal at the 1977 Oceania Judo Championships in the -57 kg category; she was Oceanian Champion in 1985 in the -66 kg category. She was Australian champion eleven times.

She was a judo coach.

Katz is the mother of judoka Joshua Katz and Nathan Katz who both competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Julie Reardon

Julie Frances Reardon (born 6 June 1958) is an Australian judoka. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the extra-lightweight event. 

She won the bronze medal, at the 1984 World Judo Championships, in the -48 kg category. She won a bronze medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.


Deutsches Historisches Museum

The German Historical Museum (German: Deutsches Historisches Museum, DHM) is a German history museum in Berlin. The museum is in a building named Zeughaus (armory) on Unter den Lindern. It is one of the most visited museums in Berlin. The museum holds a collection of about 1 million objects. 

The Federal Republic of Germany and the state of Berlin founded the museum in 1987. The date was also the 750th anniversary of the founding of Berlin. Key historians such as Hartmut Boockmann, Eberhard Jäckel, Hagen Schulze and Michael Stürmer were involved in the project. Chancellor Helmut Kohl supported the museum project. In a speech to the Bundestag in 1985, Kohl emphasized the importance of having the museum. Together, 16 historians, art historians, and museum directors worked on the commission. They wanted the museum to present German history internationally and globally. 

The Berlin state and the federal government signed to create A Board of Trustees (Kuratorium) in July of 1987. Members of the board include representatives of the federal government, parliament (Bundestag), and German states. 

After the reunification of German, the German government took over the of Museum for German History (Museum für Deutsche Geschichte), former East Germany. The government moved the contents of this former museum to the DHM in the Zeughaus. 

Chancellor Angela Merkel started the permanent exhibition: "German History in Images and Artefacts" in 2006"." 

The museum has also become the Public Law Foundation of the Federal Government (Stiftung öffentlichen Rechts des Bundes) and the Foundation Flight, Expulsion, Reconciliation ("Stiftung Flucht, Vertreibung, Versöhnung)."

The facilities include exhibition halls, a library, and a cinema. The exhibitions are closed until 2025 due to renovations. The museum is also virtual through a website called LeMO (Lebendiges virtuelles Museum Online, or Living virtual Museum Online)

Everyday Life Culture I: Technical and medical products and instruments, Household objects, product advertising: c. 70,000 objects

Everyday Life Culture II: Fashion, costumes, badges, religious articles: c. 45,000 objects

Everyday Life Culture III: Toys, postcards, political objects, special inventory: c. 40,000 objects

Old and valuable prints: Prints from 15th century – 20th century: c. 25,000 objects

Documents I: Deeds, broadsheets, flyer and map collections, autographs, Seals and albums up to 1914: c. 50,000 objects

Documents II: Photo albums, newspapers, flyers, propaganda materials, Maps and autographs since 1914: c. 120,000 objects

Picture archive: Estates of photographers and picture agencies, c. 500.000 photographic prints

Film collection: 850 films

Applied arts and sculptures up to 1900: Furniture, ceramics, glass and metal art, design: c. 6,000 objects

Print collection: on the history of events from the 16th to the 20th century, Portrait engraving collection from the 15th to the 20th century: c. 100,000 prints

Art I: Paintings up to 1900: 857 objects

Art II/Photo collection: Paintings and sculptures from the 20th and 21st centuries: c. 3,000 objects as well as 20,000 photographs

Militaria I: Old weapons and armour, military equipment: c. 20,000 objects

Militaria II: Uniforms, flags, medals and decorations, military prints: c. 30,000 objects

Numismatics: c. 80,000 objects, c. 15,000 securities

Posters: Artistic posters 1896–1938 from the Hans Sachs Collection, political posters 1920–1960 from the Wolf Collection, and GDR posters: c. 80,000 objects.

Minimax

Minimax is a traditional machine learning algorithm that is used by computers to play strategic games. This simple logical algorithm is extremely powerful and since it uses the power of the recursive function of the computer, this algorithm is absolutely unbeatable. It is primarily used in games like chess, tic-tac-toe, Go, etc. However, in comparison to modern Neural Networks, and Deep Neural Networks, Minimax shows poor performance in big games like chess. However, in small games like tic-tac-toe, Minimax eventually outperforms the best AI.

The word "Minimax" comes from the abbreviated form of Minimizer-Maximizer. It is because, the algorithm uses 2 agents- Minimizer and Maximizer- to predict a game move.

The working of Minimax is divided into 2 parts- Minimizer and the Maximizer. 

In abstract, this algorithm calculates all possible combination of moves a player can play in a certain state of the game, and chooses the best possible move by simply calculating the winning potential of the each move which is based on no. of moves, no. of wins and no. of loses.

The algorithm has a recursive approach, which means it creates a tree of combination of moves based on the rules of the game.

Now, to calculate the best move in a given game state, the algorithm puts 2 agents- Minimizer and Maximizer to play against each other. Both these agents play based on calculating the best possible move. The Minimizer tries to make Maximizer lose and vice versa. In this way, the Minimizer and Maximizer simulates an entire game, which is then repeated for all sets of possible moves in the given game state. After the algorithm does all the simulation, it then chooses the move which created highest probability of win with lowest no. of moves. Hence it returns the next best move. And then the computer plays the move.

This algorithm is completely unbeatable because it calculates all possible combinations of moves in a game. As a result, when playing against a minimax algorithm, the Computer either wins or draws.


Barry, Minnesota

Barry is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Beardsley, Minnesota

Beardsley is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Clinton, Minnesota

Clinton is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Correll, Minnesota

Correll is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Mankiyali language

Mankiyali is a Dardic language spoken in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of northwestern Pakistan. 

Munji language

Munji is a Iranic language spoken by the Munji people of Pakistan's Gilgit-Baltistan and Afghanistan's Badakhshan. It is closely related to Chitral's Yidgha language. 

Glossop

Glossop is a small town in the Borough of High Peak west Derbyshire in England. Glossop is a market town and as of 2014 had a population of around 33,000 but as of 2001 Glossop had a population of 32,428.

Fordwich

Fordwich is a small suburban village in the United Kingdom in Kent.

Natural History Museum, Berlin

The Natural History Museum (German: "Museum für Naturkunde") is a museum in Berlin. It holds specimens from different periods in natural history. Formerly part of the Humboldt University, the museum is now part of Leibniz Association and includes scientific research and labs. 

The museum has over 30 million samples of minerals, rocks, and living organisms, and there are ten thousand types of specimens. Only a tiny fraction of specimens are displayed, and the museum holds 65% of the Earth's minerals. Other objects displayed are meteorites and fossils. Notable exhibits are the "Giraffatitan" and "Archaeopteryx""." 

The museum is one of the major natural history museums in Germany. The others are the "Naturmuseum Senckenberg" in Frankfurt and the "Museum Koenig" in Bonn. 

The "Archaeopteryx" on display is perhaps the oldest bird, depending on how that is defined. The bird shows a connection between reptiles and birds. The body has wings, claws, a head with teeth, a tail like a lizard, and feathers. The bird was recovered from German Solnhofen limestone in 1871, just a few decades after Darwin wrote "The Origin of Species". 

The "Giraffatitan" was recovered by Werner Janensch betwen 1901 and 1913. The skeleton is about 12 to 13 m long and would have weighed 55 tons. "Giraffatitan" was for many decades called "the largest dinosaur" but there are recent discoveries of even larger dinosaurs. Giant titanosaurians appear to have passed "Giraffatitan" in sheer mass. Also, the sauropod dinosaur "Sauroposeidon" is estimated to be taller and possibly heavier than "Giraffatitan".

The museum displays "Tyrannosaurus" skeletons ("Tristan") in different countries around the world. 

The museum has approximtely 250,000 minerals and 4,500 are on display. There are over 1,000 different types of minerals. 

The hall also includes an evolution exhibit that shows life's biodiversity. 

The wet hall contains 276,000 jars of specimens preserved in ethanol solution. 

The museum holds specimens from various expeditions. They include the German deep-sea Valdiva expedition (1898–99), the German Southpolar Expedition (1901–03), German expeditions to fossil beds in Tendaguru in Tanzania (1909-1912), and the German Sunda Expedition (1929–31). 

The mineral collection was originally part of the Berlin Mining Academy. It would be part of the University of Berlin in 1814. The university added various departments, including paleontology and petrography. Eventually, a new building was needed since the collections were so large. The mineral collection was originally owned by the Prussian King. The museum opened in 1889. Director Karl Möbius divided the collections so that some would be public and the rest only for researchers. Part of the museum was damaged during World War II and rebuilt in 2011. 

After German reunification, the museum split up into the Institutes of Mineralogy, Zoology, and Paleontology in 1993. In 2006, the divisions Collections, Research, and Exhibitions were formed. The museum left the University of Berlin in 2009 and joined the Leibniz association. Its official name is Museum für Naturkunde – Leibniz Institute for Evolutionary and Biodiversity Research at the Humboldt University, Berlin (German: "Museum für Naturkunde – Leibniz-Institut für Evolutions- und Biodiversitätsforschung an der Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin"). 

In the future, the museum wants to renovate itself to become a research museum and address current natural global issues like biodiversity, climate change and sustainability. Construction costs will be about $760 million. 

Ishkashimi language

Ishkashimi is a Pamiri languge spoken in the Badakhsan region of Hindukush. It is closely related to the Sanglechi language.

1990 Wayne County Airport runway collision

The Wayne County Airport runway collision involved the collision of two Northwest Airlines aircraft at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on December 3, 1990. It occurred when Flight 1482, a scheduled Douglas DC-9 operating from Detroit to Pittsburgh International Airport, was mistakenly taxed on an active runway in heavy fog and struck by a departing Boeing 727 operating as Flight 299 to Memphis International Airport.

Of the surviving passengers, the NTSB stated that 10 received serious injuries and 23 received minor or no injuries. The three surviving crew members received minor or no injuries

The Douglas DC-9 operating Flight 1482 was registered N3313L; It was built in 1966 and had a total of 62,253 hours of operation. The DC-9 was delivered new to Delta before being sold to predecessor Northwest Southern Airways in 1973. It was 24 years old at the time of the accident.

The Boeing 727 that operated Flight 299 was registered as N278US and had been purchased by Northwest in 1975. It had 37,310 hours of operation. The aircraft was repaired and flew with Northwest until 1995. Aircraft N278US was later sold to Kitty Hawk Aircargo and scrapped in 2011 after 36 years of service.

Madrid runway disaster

The Madrid Runway Disaster occurred on Wednesday, December 7, 1983 (9:50 a.m.) at Madrid-Barajas airport when Iberia Flight 350, a Boeing 727 (registration EC-CFJ) bound for Madrid-Barajas airport Rome-Fiumicino, piloted by Commander Carlos López Barranco, with 93 passengers, collided with Aviaco Flight 134, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 (registration EC-CGS) bound for Santander Airport, piloted by Commander Augusto Almoguera Pérez (13,442 flight hours), with 42 people on board.

As the Boeing 727 taxied down runway 01, the DC-9 crew accidentally made a wrong turn in the fog and took their plane onto the runway, into the path of the 727. The 727 crew saw the DC-9 and tried to avoid it. the collision turning their planes to take off; however, the 727 had not reached flying speed and its rear fuselage struck the DC-9. Both aircraft caught fire and were destroyed. 
All 42 people aboard the DC-9 perished (37 passengers and 5 crew members), and 51 of the 93 aboard the Boeing 727 perished (50 passengers and 1 crew member).
The rescue continued throughout the day and part of the next. The judge on duty, José Ruiz Ramo, was examining the bodies and certifying the deaths. As many relatives approached the airport and a flood of people collapsed hospitals to donate blood.

Universal+

Universal+ (pronounced as Universal Plus), is a group of Latin American and British Isles premium subscription television channels of United States origin. It focuses on the broadcast of exclusive movies and series that are not seen on other channels. 
It is owned by NBCUniversal, operated by NBCUniversal International Networks. It is distributed by Ole Distribution, a joint venture between Ole Communications and WarnerMedia.

The platform began operating in December 2018, previously as Universal TV+, offering content from various sister channels of NBCUniversal in Latin America, but with a login required from each operator. On December 4, 2020, the platform was renamed Universal+ again, although no service costs were specified.
Universal+ started a premium package on August 24, 2021, when several pages and social networks spread unofficial information about what could be the group of premium channels to be launched and marketed in Latin America, in this way that Ole Distribution I would bet on the premium television business with an additional charge, previously when HBO Latin America Group entered the premium television model, several years later its participation was sold to WarnerMedia.

In a leak of an official statement from DirecTV, details of the premium package were revealed, as well as the new channels to be marketed, including Universal Premiere, Universal Cinema, Universal Crime, Universal Comedy and Universal Reality.

The group was scheduled to start its broadcasts on December 2, 2021, initially on DirecTV and Sky. But due to technical problems, the launch was postponed on Sky in Mexico and Central America for December 3 of the same year, while for DirecTV was postponed to December 6.
The group is made up of 5 premium channels with exclusive content, which are:


The Mother and the Enemy

The Mother and the Enemy is the fourth studio album by Lux Occulta. The album was released on November 19, 2001.

Falley Seminary

Falley Seminary (1836-1883) was a preparatory school in Fulton, New York. It was named after M. E. Falley, who gave the school .

Falley Seminary was a girls-only school when it started on May 25, 1836. When it started, it was called Fulton Female Seminary. Lucy Maynard Salmon was the first principal of Falley Seminary. On April 11, 1842, the school started allowing men to go to the school. to name was changed to Fulton Academy. On April 11, 1849, it was renamed to Falley Seminary of the Black River Conference. On March 5, 1857, it was named Falley Seminary. Later, it was as a post-secondary seminary for the Presbyterian church, and later it was a post-secondary seminary for the Methodist Conference.

James F. Starbuck

James F. Starbuck (September 5, 1816 in Scipio, Cayuga County, New York – December 11, 1880) was an American lawyer and politician.

Starbuck was born on September 5, 1816 in Scipio, New York. He attended Western Reserve College in 1836. He moved to Watertown, New York in 1839. Starbuck was admitted to the bar in 1844, and practiced in Watertown.

Starbuck was a secretary for the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1846. Starbuck was District Attorney of Jefferson County from 1850 to 1854.

He was a member of the New York State Senate (18th D.) in 1876 and 1877. Starbuck died on December 11, 1880.

Marley

Alejandro Wiebe (Born June 1, 1970), known by his stage name Marley, is an Argentine television host, comedian and producer. He is considered one of the most recognized conductors of Argentine television in recent times. His beginnings were on El Trece and since 2003 he has been working on the competitor channel Telefe, serving as the channel's main host.


Matt Zimmerman (actor)

Matt Zimmerman (26 December 1934 – 9 June 2022) was a Canadian actor. He was best known as the voice of Alan Tracy in the 1960s television series "Thunderbirds" and sequel movies "Thunderbirds Are Go" and "Thunderbird 6".

Zimmerman died on 8 June 2022, at the age of 87.

Biruta Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska

Biruta Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska (26 August 1927 – 9 June 2022) was a Polish lawyer, academic and politician. She was a professor at University of Łódź. She was also Judge of the Polish Constitutional Tribunal from 1997 until 2006. Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska was born in Kraków, Poland.

Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska died on 9 June 2022 in Kraków at the age of 94.

Talbot Shrewsbury Book

The Talbot Shrewsbury Book (London, British Library Royal 15 E vi ) is a very large manuscript.

A full photographic reproduction of Royal 15 E. vi is available on the British Library Digitised Manuscripts website.

For further information about authors, bibliography and lists of surviving manuscripts see ARLIMA: Archives de littérature du Moyen Âge.

Windows XP Professional x64 Edition

Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition, released on April 25, 2005, is an edition of Windows XP for x86-64 personal computers. It was designed to use the expanded 64-bit memory provided by the x86-64 architecture.

Windows XP Professional x64 Edition is not to be confused with "Windows XP 64-Bit Edition", which was published in Windows XP Professional x64 Edition and included with "Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended System".


Aloísio Sinésio Bohn

Aloísio Sinésio Bohn (11 September 1934 – 9 June 2022) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1961. He was titular bishop of "Abbir Germaniciana" and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brasilia, Brazil, from 1977 to 1980. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Hamburgo, Brazil, from 1980 to 1986. He later became bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Cruz do Sul, Brazil from 1986 until his retirement in 2010. He was born in Montenegro, Brazil.

Bohn died on 9 June 2022 from pneumonia in Santa Cruz do Sul, Brazil at the age of 87.

Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul

Montenegro is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. In 2020, 65,721 people lived here.

Santa Cruz do Sul

Santa Cruz do Sul () is a city in central Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The city has a 131,000 population since 2020. It is about 150 km (93 miles) from the capital city of the state, Porto Alegre.

Robert M. Utley

Robert Marshall Utley (October 31, 1929 – June 7, 2022) was an American writer and historian. He wrote sixteen books on the history of the American West. He was a chief historian for the National Park Service.

Utley died on June 7, 2022 in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 92.

My Side of the Mountain (movie)

My Side of the Mountain is a 1969 Canadian family adventure movie directed by James B. Clark and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Jean Craighead George. It stars Ted Eccles, Theodore Bikel, Tudi Wiggins, Paul Hérbert, Cosette Lee, Ralph Endersby and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Big Bus

The Big Bus is a 1976 American action comedy movie directed by James Frawley and starring Joseph Bologna, Stockard Canning, John Beck, Ned Beatty, René Auberjonois, José Ferrer, Ruth Gordon, Harold Gould, Larry Hagman, Lynn Redgrave, Sally Kellerman, Richard Mulligan. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dick Renooy

Dick Renooy (15 July 1908 — 24 July 1983) was a Dutch motorcycle road racer from Soest. Renooy competed in the 125cc class on his Eysink motorcycle. He had international successes. He is in the Netherlands most known for winning the Dutch TT in 1948.

After an illness, Renooy died in early August in 1983 at the age of 75.


Novate Milanese

Novate Milanese is a city in northern Italy. Novate Milanese is in the Lombardy Region. About 20,000 people live there.

Bollate

Bollate is a city in northern Italy. Bollate is in the Lombardy Region. About 37,000 people live there.

Senago

Senago is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Paderno Dugnano

Paderno Dugnano is a city in northern Italy. Paderno Dugnano is in the Lombardy Region. About 47,500 people live there.

Bresso

Bresso is a city in northern Italy. It is next to Milan. Bresso is in the Lombardy Region. About 27,000 people live there.

Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man

Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man is a 1991 American action western movie directed by Simon Wincer and starring Mickey Rourke, Don Johnson, Chelsea Field, Daniel Baldwin, Vanessa Williams, Tom Sizemore, Tia Carrere. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was a box office failure. It received generally negative reviews from critics.


The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization

The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization is a 2015 English language short documentary movie. It is written and directed by Prakas Aheibam. It is based on the medicine and the ancient Meitei civilization (ancient Kangleipak).

This documentary movie was produced by a resourceless staff who were deeply conscious and appreciated of ancient forgotten human values for the revival. It initiates the information about unknown things and unsuspected resources of ancient civilizations and the hugely deep and materialistic modern times casting their shadow upon them. It shows the undiscovered knowledge as well as the unending ways and resources of the universe known to man only through deeply spiritual and considering great forces.

Meetei Civilization (Ancient Kangleipak), in the present day Northeast India bordering Myanmar (Burma), is a civilization still unknown to most of the world. Meitei script, its ancient script is the representation of the well developed nature of its civilization. The form, structure and phonology of the ancient Meitei writing system show the understanding of human physiology. The ancient Puyas record their ancient knowledge on many subjects including astrology, astronomy, genetics, human physiology, medicine, oracles (predictions), abiogenesis (origin of life), cosmogony (study of the origin of the universe), and the secrets of life and death. The ancient Meitei writings also deal with the relationship between Lai (Meitei term for God) and human beings. Even in present day times, the mixed relationship between the two entities are celebrated in the Lai Haraoba (festivals of Gods). Standing against the burning of Puyas (Puya Mei Thaba), many of these ancient writings still survive even today. The medicine of this ancient civilization is considered as an inheritance from the Lai (Meitei term for God). The descendent people of the ancient civilization still continue to cure as well as treat many modern diseases and illnesses with the healing power of the ancient medicine.

Prakas Aheibam, the director of the movie, has interests of antiques, artifacts and folktales since his childhood. Like many people of his age, he grew up hearing about the historic golden era of Meitei culture. So, he wished for studying for the then unknown world of Meetei Civilization (Ancient Kangleipak). In the year 2006, he saw a miraculous healing effect of the ancient Meitei medical science. It was when his father was suffering from a disease. So, he got more curious to learn about ancient Meitei culture and society. At the same time, one of his friends introduced him to the illustrated human physiology that formed the structure and phonology of revived ancient Meitei script. For almost ten years, Prakas Aheibam dedicated to study for the different aspects of the ancient Meetei Civilization (Ancient Kangleipak).

The ""The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization"" won multiple awards and honours from many international film festivals held across the globe. It won the "Best Foreign Short Documentary" and the "Best Original Music" at the "Los Angeles Independent Film Festival" for the month of April. Its screening and awarding was held on 9th May, 2015 in Los Angeles. This documentary also got official selection for the "Los Angeles CineFest" in the same year.

In the International Film Festival for Peace, Inspiration, and Equality 2015, ""The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization"" won two awards. It won the "Humanitarian Award" and the "Merit Award". In the same festival, it was also designated as the "Finalists Most Favorite Film 2015".

In the "Hollywood International Independent Documentary Awards 2016", the ""The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization"" won the Best Foreign Documentary (Short) Award.

The movie received official entries in many international film festivals across the world. These include:


San Donato Milanese

San Donato Milanese is a city in northern Italy. San Donato Milanese is in the Lombardy Region. About 32,500 people live there.

Cormano

Cormano is a city in northern Italy. Cormano is in the Lombardy Region. About 20,000 people live there.

Lainate

Lainate is a city in northern Italy. Lainate is in the Lombardy Region. About 25,000 people live there.

Ispra

Ispra is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy, on the eastern coast of Lake Maggiore.

Portugalete

Portugalete is a city lying to the west of Bilbao. It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. In 2021, 45,285 people lived there.

A Estrada

A Estrada is a municipality in Galicia, Spain. It is in the province of Pontevedra and is about southeast of Santiago de Compostela.

Annaba

Annaba () is a seaport city in the northeastern edge of Algeria, close to Tunisia. It is the capital of the Annaba Province. In 2008, 257,359 people live in Annaba. About 1 million people live in its metropolitan area.

Epigenesis

Epigenesis may refer to:



E (Cyrillic)

E (Э э; italics: "Э э"; also known as Backwards Ye, from Russian , "ye oborótnoye", ) is a letter found in Russian and Belarusian.
Ya (Cyrillic)

Ya (Я я; italics: "Я я") is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Shcha

Shcha (Щ щ; italics: "Щ щ"), Shta or Sha with descender is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Dotted I (Cyrillic)

The dotted i (І І̇ і; italics: "І І̇ і"), also called decimal і (и десятеричное, after its former numeric value), is a letter of the Cyrillic script.

Kje

Kje (or ) (Ќ ќ; italics: "Ќ ќ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Dze

Dze (Ѕ ѕ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Yi (Cyrillic)

Yi (Ї ї; italics: "Ї ї") is a letter of the Cyrillic script that is a combination of І and Є used in Ukrainian. Its alternate form known as iotated e used to take its place.
I with grave (Cyrillic)

I with grave (Ѝ ѝ; italics: "Ѝ ѝ") is an accented form of the Cyrillic letter И. It is not a separate letter in any language.

Ye with grave

Ye with grave (Ѐ ѐ; italics: "Ѐ" "ѐ") is an accented form of the Cyrillic letter Е.
Ukrainian Ye

Ukrainian Ye (Є є; italics: "Є" "є") is a character of the Cyrillic script.
Electrum

Electrum is a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver, with trace amounts of copper and other metals. It is found in rivers. 

The ancient Greeks called it "gold" or "white gold", as opposed to "refined gold". Its color ranges from pale to bright yellow, depending on the proportions of gold and silver. It has been produced artificially, and is also known as "green gold".

Electrum has been used for coins.

Mercy (2000 movie)

Mercy is a 2000 American erotic mystery thriller movie directed by Damian Harris and was based on the novel by David L. Lindsey. It stars Ellen Barkin, Wendy Crewson, Peta Wilson, Karen Young, Julian Sands, Stephen Baldwin, Beau Starr, Marshall Bell and was distributed by Franchise Pictures.


Jord van Weeren

Jord van Weeren (born 1994) is a Dutch bowler and bowling coach from Leiden. He represents the Netherlands at international competitions since 2008. He became 2022 European team champion.

Van Weeren started with playing football when he was a child. In the same period he went often to the bowling hall because his mother played bowling. His sister also played bowling. As a junior he competed as an exceptional case at a senior competition, and won. The junior head coach who was present advised him to started playing more competitions.

Van Weeren competes at around seven international tournaments per year. He participated at the 2018 WTBA World Tenpin Bowling Championships. In 2019 he became twice national champion (Singles and Doubles). He became in European team champion in Helsinki in 2022, together with Michell Stinissen, Nick de Gelder, Mike Bergmann and Kenneth Ramos. 

As an amateur bowler he has to pay all the costs for the tournaments, training facilities and bowling balls.

Van Weeren is bowling coach of the Dutch national team (under-18). In 2022 he was selected to become Leiden sport coach of the year.

Van Weeren has an IT job at Rabobank. He uses all his holiday days for playing bowling tournaments.

Viseu

Viseu is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the district of the same name. About 100,000 people live there.

Você Sabia?

Você Sabia? (in English it means: Did you know?) is a Brazilian YouTube channel, hosted by Lukas Marques and Daniel Mologni. Did You Know? features educational trivia videos such as videos of theories, mysteries, trivia and more. 

Currently, the channel Você Sabia?, with more than 40 million subscribers, is the 4th channel with the most subscribers in Brazil and the 43rd with the most subscribers in the world. 

On April 10, 2014 created a secondary channel called "Você Sabia PLUS", with the aim of focusing on "game" curiosities, but the channel ended up bringing together various subjects, such as videos from "daily vlogs", "gameplays" and other themes. Most of the videos are focused on curiosities and facts related to the "gamer" world. The channel is updated less frequently than the main channel Did You Know?.

In the beginning, Lukas Marques and Daniel Mologni had a blog together, called "Calma, Cara", which gathered daily news. After high school Daniel Mologni and Lukas Marques moved, getting back together again after two years at a "YouPix event." In the beginning, videos were recorded remotely and joined during editing. With the growth of the channel, the duo moved to São Paulo where the production began to become professionalized.


Cusano Milanino

Cusano Milanino is an Italian city in Lombardy. It is about 13 kilometers far from the center of Milan. About 18,000 people live there.

Cusano is the birthplace of former football player and coach Giovanni Trapattoni.

Cesano Boscone

Cesano Boscone is a city in northern Italy. It is in the Lombardy Region. About 23,000 people live there.

Glamondans

Glamondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gondenans-les-Moulins

Gondenans-les-Moulins is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gondenans-Montby

Gondenans-Montby is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gonsans

Gonsans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gouhelans

Gouhelans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Goux-sous-Landet

Goux-sous-Landet is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Yerres

Yerres is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2019, 29,318 people lived there.

The commune is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Vigneux-sur-Seine

Vigneux-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2019, 31,394 people lived there.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Nonantola

Nonantola is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 15,000 people live there.

Nonantola Abbey a Benedictine monastery, was founded in 752 by the Lombard duke of Friuli, St. Anselm.

Besate

Besate is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Magenta, Lombardy

Magenta is a city in northern Italy. Magenta is in the Lombardy Region. About 25,000 people live there.

The city is notable as the site of the Battle of Magenta in 1859. The color magenta comes its name from the battle.

Magenta is the birthplace of Saint Gianna Beretta Molla (1922–1962) and movie producer Carlo Ponti (1912–2007).

Magenta is twinned with:

Ladonia

Ladonia () is a micronation, proclaimed in 1996 as the result of a years-long court battle between artist Lars Vilks and local authorities over two sculptures. The claimed territory is part of the natural reserve of in southern Sweden.

Magenta, Marne

Magenta is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

In 2019, 1,697 people lived there. It was named after the 1859 Battle of Magenta, now in Italy.

Magenta is twinned with:


Grandfontaine, Doubs

Grandfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Grange, Doubs

La Grange is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grosbois

Grosbois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Guillon-les-Bains

Guillon-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Guyans-Durnes

Guyans-Durnes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

L'Hôpital-du-Grosbois

L'Hôpital-du-Grosbois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malans, Doubs

Malans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malans (disambiguation)

Malans is the name of the following municipalities:

L'Hôpital-Saint-Lieffroy

L'Hôpital-Saint-Lieffroy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Huanne-Montmartin

Huanne-Montmartin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hyèvre-Magny

Hyèvre-Magny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hyèvre-Paroisse

Hyèvre-Paroisse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

How to Hook Up Your Home Theater

How to Hook Up Your Home Theater is a 2007 American animated comedy short movie.

Ranco

Ranco is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is on the southeastern shore of Lake Maggiore.

Lesa

Lesa is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is on the western shore of Lake Maggiore.

Nebbiuno

Nebbiuno is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Sestriere

Sestriere is a ski resort in Piedmont, Italy and a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin.

Sestriere was a main venue during the 2006 Winter Olympic Games and the 2006 Winter Paralympics, hosting all the men's alpine skiing competitions and being the site of one of the three Olympic Villages. It is a part of the Via Lattea (Milky Way) ski area in Italy, where the 2006 Winter Olympics were held.

Cerano d'Intelvi

Cerano d'Intelvi is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cerano

Cerano is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Castelletto sopra Ticino

Castelletto sopra Ticino is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Savigliano

Savigliano is a city in northern Italy. Savigliano is in the Piedmont Region. About 21,000 people live there.

Scinax strussmannae

Strüssmann’s snouted tree frog ("Scinax strussmannae") is a frog. It lives in rainforests in Brazil where the trees grow close together. For example, it lives in Nacentes do Lago Jari National Park.

The adult male frog is 20.2 to 22.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on its back is yellow to bronze in color. There are small spots on its back and legs. There is a red stripe in the iris of its eye. The male frog sings in two different ways.

Galbiate

Galbiate is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lago di Annone is on its borders.

Airuno

Airuno is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Olginate

Olginate is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cisano Bergamasco

Cisano Bergamasco is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Iseo, Lombardy

Iseo is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Italian region of Lombardy, on the south shore of Lake Iseo.

Germignaga

Germignaga is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Brissago-Valtravaglia

Brissago-Valtravaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Corsico

Corsico is a city in northern Italy. It is next to Milan. Corsico is in the Lombardy Region. About 35,000 people live there.

24 (season 4)

Day 4 is the name of the fourth season of the television series 24. The story covers a  day that starts and ends at 7 AM.

The season starts with a train bombing. The bombing is used to get a device to control nuclear power plants. Terrorists kidnap Secretary of Defense James  Heller and his daughter, Audrey Raines. They plan to kill Heller on the internet to get past internet firewalls to use the device. Bauer stops them from killing Heller, but the terrorists gain control of power plants. Eventually, CTU gets control of most plants. CTU learns that the terrorist behind the events is Habib Marwan. He worked for McLennan-Forrester. The company sets off an EMP to destroy evidence of the terrorist. Later, terrorists get a stealth fighter and shoot down Air Force One. President Keeler cannot serve, and Vice-President Logan becomes president. Marwan's terror cells steal the nuclear football from the site of the crash of Air Force One. Jack finds evidence leading him to the Chinese consulate. At the consulate, the Chinese consul is killed in a gunfight. CTU eventually stops the missile, but Jack and his friends must fake his death. In the end, Jack is a fugitive from the US and Chinese governments.  





The season received positive reviews by critics. It has a rating of 95% on Rotten Tomatoes. Commentators were critical of the portrayal of torture on the program. They question if acts of torture are becoming more normal and therefore they are becoming justifiable .

Acqui Terme

Acqui Terme is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 20,000 people live there.

Burford

Burford is a town on the River Windrush, in West Oxfordshire district, Oxfordshire, England. In 2011, 1,422 people live in Burford.

Bodio Lomnago

Bodio Lomnago is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Bondues

Bondues is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 9,808 people lived there.


Malbrans

Malbrans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Carlin, Nevada

Carlin is a city near the western border of Elko County in northeast Nevada. It is west of the city of Elko. At the 2020 census, 2,050 people lived there.

Oschatz

Oschatz is a town in Nordsachsen, in Saxony, Germany. It is 60 km east of Leipzig and 60 km west of Dresden.

Oschatz contains the following 14 districts:

Bjelovar

Bjelovar is a city in central Croatia. It is the capital of Bjelovar-Bilogora County. In 2011, 40,276 people lived there.

Slavonski Brod

Slavonski Brod is a city in eastern Croatia, near the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the capital of Brod-Posavina County. In 2011, 59,141 people lived there.

Cenans

Cenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Foucherans, Doubs

Foucherans is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Tarcenay-Foucherans.

Tarcenay

Tarcenay is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Tarcenay-Foucherans.

Tarcenay-Foucherans

Tarcenay-Foucherans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Tarcenay (the seat) and Foucherans.

Admission to practice law

Lawyers are given permission to practice law when they get a license to practice law. There are two types of lawyers, barristers and solicitors. Barristers have to get admission to the bar, but solicitors have to get different certificates. 

In the United States, there is only one type of lawyer, but there used to be two types until the American Bar Association chose to only have one in 1921. By 1980, only Mississippi, Montana, South Dakota, West Virginia, and Wisconsin still had two types of lawyers. , Wisconsin is the only state that still has two types of lawyers.

L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs

L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Issans

Issans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Jallerange

Jallerange is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is west of Besançon.

Laire

Laire is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Raynans

Raynans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Laissey

Laissey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Vit

Saint-Vit is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Military discharge

A soldier is given a military discharge when they can leave the military. There are two types of military discharges, dishonorable discharges, and honorable discharges. Soldiers are dishonorably discharged when they do very immoral things, like rape, murder, and war crimes. Soldiers are honorably discharged when they can't fight anymore, like if they get shot.


Much, North Rhine-Westphalia

Much is a municipality in Rhein-Sieg in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is about 30 km northeast of Bonn and 20 km southwest of Gummersbach.


Würselen

Würselen is a town in Aachen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is next to the city of Aachen. About 38,000 people live there.

Lanans

Lanans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lantenne-Vertière

Lantenne-Vertière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Larnod

Larnod is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lavans-Quingey

Lavans-Quingey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

22nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 22nd Infantry Regiment is a regiment of the United States Army. Its headquarters is in Fort Drum, New York. It started in 1812.

Leggiuno

Leggiuno is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Former football player Luigi Riva was born here.

The "frazione" of Reno is home to the hermitage of Santa Caterina del Sasso, which overlooks Lake Maggiore.

ShoeDazzle

ShoeDazzle is an American online fashion subscription service. It is based in El Segundo, California. Each month, the company debuts a selection of shoes, handbags and jewelry. It provides its members with a showroom based on their fashion preferences.

The company was founded by Kim Kardashian, Brian Lee, Robert Shapiro and M.J. Eng in 2009. In August 2013, ShoeDazzle was acquired by rival online fashion subscription service JustFab. The two companies continued to run independently as separate brands.

Lavans-Vuillafans

Lavans-Vuillafans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lavernay

Lavernay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grace Potter

Grace Evelyn Potter (born June 20, 1983 in Waitsfield, Vermont) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She formed Grace Potter and the Nocturnals in 2002. Potter released her first solo album "Original Soul" on 2004. Her band ended in 2015. This was just before the release of her solo album, "Midnight". Her third album, "Daylight", was released in 2019. In 2011, she helped found Grand Point North music festival in Burlington, Vermont. The festival celebrates local acts and promotes area businesses. Many national performing artists have performed at the festival. These include Kenny Chesney, Jackson Browne, Nathaniel Rateliff, The Flaming Lips, Trampled By Turtles and Gov't Mule.

Liebvillers

Liebvillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Exene Cervenka

Exene Cervenka (born Christene Lee Cervenka; February 1, 1956) is an American singer, artist, and poet. She is best known for her work as a singer in the California punk rock band X.


Liesle

Liesle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ashley Iaconetti

Ashley Nicole Iaconetti Haibon (born March 6, 1988) is an American television personality and journalist. She is notable for being a contestant on several series in "The Bachelor" television franchise, including "The Bachelor", "Bachelor in Paradise" and "The Bachelor Winter Games".

Ashley Spencer (actress)

Ashley Spencer (born March 8, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and dancer. Most of her acting is on stage. She had performed on Broadway in Grease"," "Hairspray" and "Rock of Ages". Spencer was a contestant on the 2007 NBC program She was the understudy for Barbie in the Barbie in Fairytopi atour. On that tour, she sang and danced ballet.

Melissa Mark-Viverito

Melissa Mark-Viverito (born April 1, 1969) is an American Democratic politician. She was the speaker of the New York City Council from 2014 to 2017. She was a member of the council for the 8th district from 2006 to 2017.

Rozzano

Rozzano is an Italian city in Lombardy. It is next to Milan. About 40,000 people live there.

Tami Roman

Tamisha Akbar (born April 17, 1970) better known as Tami Roman, is an American television personality, model, businesswoman and actress. Roman first gained fame on "" in 1993. After making cameo appearances and starring in supporting roles in some television programs and movies in the 1990s and 2000s, Roman became one of the stars of Vh1's "Basketball Wives".

Giuliano Poletti

Giuliano Poletti (pronunciation: [dʒuˈljaːno poˈletti]; born 19 November 1951) is an Italian politician. He was appointed Minister of Labour and Social Policies on 22 February 2014 by Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Poletti also served in the cabinet of former Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.

Zibido San Giacomo

Zidibo San Giacomo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Laveno-Mombello

Laveno-Mombello is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cittiglio

Cittiglio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Grand Army of the Republic

The Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) was a fraternal organization for veterans that were in the Union Army (United States Army), Union Navy (U.S. Navy), and the Marines during the American Civil War. It started in 1866 in Springfield, Illinois. It ended in 1956 when its last member, Albert Woolson (1850–1956), died.


Saltrio

Saltrio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Luxiol

Luxiol is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Frederick Lansing

Frederick Lansing (February 16, 1838 – January 31, 1894) was a U.S. Representative from New York.

Frederick Lansing was born in Manheim, New York. Lansing attended the Little Falls Academy, New York as a boy. Lansing studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1859, and practiced in Watertown, New York. He was adjutant of the Eighth New York Cavalry during the American Civil War from June 23, 1863 to October 11, 1863. He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1882 to 1885, and he was part of the 105th, 106th, 107th and 108th New York State Legislatures.

Lansing was elected as a Republican to the 51st United States Congress on March 4, 1889, and left on March 3, 1891.

He died on January 31, 1894 in Watertown, New York, and was buried in Brookside Cemetery.

Emmet Brickowski

Emmet Joseph Brickowski, later known by his alter-ego Radical Emmet Xtreme "Rex" Dangervest, is a Lego minifigure character in the "Lego Movie" franchise and the protagonist of "The Lego Movie" (2014) and its sequel, "" (2019). He starts out as an everyman construction worker in his home city of Bricksburg, and later, unexpectedly, becomes "The Special" Master Builder.

Emmet is basically a regular, mediocre guy, kind, humorous, and very light-hearted (up-beat). To him, everything in the world, even the negative things, are "awesome", which is the purpose of the song "Everything Is Awesome", which is his favorite song. He lives in an apartment with no one to hang around with except for "Planty", a potted green plant that Emmet claims as a pet, along with other junk objects. Nevertheless, Emmet still has some nice friends; his neighbors and co-workers in his job of construction, though he is mostly unrecognized and ignored. To satisfy himself, he follows what appears to be a very long, almost endless, list of instructions that show him how to fit in with everyone in the world and always be happy.

Emmet eventually and unexpectedly discovers that he was chosen by the prophecy of "The Special" Master Builder, proclaimed by wizard Master Builder Vitruvius, to find the Piece of Resistance to save the Lego World and stop the evil Lord Business. In addition, he meets his future girlfriend, Lucy (aka "Wyldstyle").

