At first, Emmet is stubborn and constantly fails to do things right when they have to be, being used to following instructions, unimpressive to the Master Builders. But when he discovers that everything in the Lego world is from the imagination of a child with amazing creativity, he finds his own inner power of creativity and becomes a true Master Builder. He is sent back to the Lego world where he makes a speech to Lord Business and saves the world celebrating with his new friends. Wyldstyle becomes his girlfriend, with Batman's blessing, at the end of the film.

In the sequel, Emmet must use his Master Builder skills to save his friends from a new danger. It turns out Emmet maintains his livelihood and is unaffected by the aftermath of the Duplo invasion unlike everyone else in Bricksburg (now called "Apocalypseburg"). Emmet also wants to have a bright future with Lucy, but Lucy disagrees due to the fact that everything is rather bleak than awesome. After Lucy and his friends are abducted by General Sweet Mayhem (Stephanie Beatriz) of the Systar System, under the orders of shape-shifter Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi (Tiffany Haddish), he meets Rex Dangervest (Radical Emmet Xtreme), a galaxy defending (referencing Peter Jason Quill from "Guardians of the Galaxy") archaeologist (in turn to the speculation that Chris Pratt was to be the next Indiana Jones), cowboy (referencing Josh Faraday from "The Magnificent Seven"), and raptor trainer (referencing Owen Grady from "Jurassic World"), who is later revealed to be a version of Emmet from the future, as a time-traveler.

After he destroys the cake wedding of Wa'Nabi and Batman, Emmet realizes the real intentions of Rex Dangervest, and Rex knocks him under the same dryer to ensure his existence where he and Rex began to fight but Rex defeats him by breaking him in half, but Lucy rallies the others into escaping from the storage bin (bringing them back into the LEGO world), and rescues him from Rex. They both overpower Rex and destroy his time machine and he is erased from existence. The LEGO universe is transformed into a mix-up of Apocalypseburg and the Systar System called "Syspocalypstar" which is peaceful. Emmet's dream house is rebuilt and Lucy reveals that she was one of the original artists of "Everything Is Awesome", much to Emmet's surprise.

It was initially rumored that Emmet was going to have a sister in the second film, but around a month before its release, it was denied and the sister role ultimately went to Bianca.

Emmet's first, and so far only, appearance in films not related to the original story was in the first spin-off film, "The Lego Batman Movie". In the beginning of the film when a local Gotham News Anchorman is explaining the results of Joker's bomb blast, footage of Emmet falling into the Infinite Abyss of Nothingness is shown to illustrate what would happen.

Emmet appears as the protagonist in the game, voiced by Keith Ferguson. He has several variants of himself, which can be used as entertainment or disguises required to make progress in a level.

Emmet appears again as the protagonist in this game, but this time voiced by A.J. Locascio. Like the first film's game, he has several variants of himself, which can be used as entertainment or disguises required to make progress in a level.

Emmet appears as a playable character in "Lego Dimensions". His Fun Pack also includes his excavator. Chris Pratt reprises his role.

Emmet has also been portrayed in other uses of popular media.

He appears in three episodes of the YouTube series "How It Should Have Ended" (HISHE): "The LEGO HISHE", "The LEGO HISHE 2 - The Alternate Ending" and "Lego Batman Is Jelly". In "The LEGO HISHE", Emmet is seen defeating the Duplo Aliens and saying hello to Lego Superman and Batman in the café. In "The LEGO HISHE 2 - The Alternate Ending", he is seen with other characters from the first movie in an alternate ending to the film where they have President Business jailed for his crimes, despite his change of heart. In "Lego Batman Is Jelly", Emmet appears to be disguised as Star-Lord (referencing their shared actor, Chris Pratt) as his "secret identity" after hanging around at a park playing banjo before going through "recreation".

Emmet and Lucy make an appearance in a 2014 episode of "The Simpsons", "Brick Like Me".

According to the first film's script, Emmet is 22 years of age, thus making him 27 in the sequel if accepted, with his year of birth as 1992. This would have meant that Emmet was about 13.5 years old when Lord Business stole the Kragle, as Emmet found the Piece of Resistance eight-and-a-half years later.

Despite being credited as so in the end credits of "The Lego Movie", Emmet's surname "Brickowski" is barely mentioned throughout the storyline of the franchise. In one scene from "The Lego Movie", Lord Business briefly refers to Emmet as "Brickowski", although this at first could have been interpreted as a clever insult. In "The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part", Rex Dangervest calls Emmet by his first name and surname, and jokes about it stating, "you're the reason I started wearing vests."

Although it is seen as a clever pun on a real person's surname ending in "-owski" (with "Brick-" coming from a Lego brick), Emmet's surname is believed to have drawn inspiration from former NBA player Frank Brickowski.

Emily Rutherfurd

Emily Kernan Rutherfurd (born September 18, 1974) is an American actress. She played Christine "New Christine" Hunter in the CBS sitcom, "The New Adventures of Old Christine" from 2006 to 2010.

Tepuihyla

Tepuihyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. People call them Amazon tree frogs or Tepui tree frogs in English. They live in mountains in eastern and south-eastern Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists also think they may live in Brazil. A tepui is a table-shaped mountain. There are tepuis in the Guiana Highlands.

These species are in this genus:

Yggdra Union: We'll Never Fight Alone

Yggdra Union: We'll Never Fight Alone," known in Japan as simply Yggdra Union", is a tactical role playing video game developed and published by Sting Entertainment. In other countries, "Yggdra Union" was published by Atlus in North America and 505 Games in Europe. Originnaly released on Game Boy Advance. Later ported to PlayStation Portable in 2007. It is the second installment of the "Dept. Heaven" series, after the first game "" released.

The game has followed by sequel called "Yggdra Unison: Seiken Buyuuden", that released exclusively on Nintendo DS in 2009.

The Hotel New Hampshire (movie)

The Hotel New Hampshire is a 1984 British American Canadian comedy-drama movie directed by Tony Richardson and was based on the 1981 novel of the same name by John Irving. It stars Rob Lowe, Jodie Foster, Beau Bridges, Nastassja Kinski, Amanda Plummer, Matthew Modine, Seth Green, Wallace Shawn and was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Artdink

The company began in June 21, 1986, and it was founded by Tatsuo Nagahama. The Artdink spiritual successor series "A-Train" series (better known as "A Ressha de Ikou" in Japan) released for the PC and Amiga, which was published by "SimCity" creators Maxis.

The other games developed by Artdink is; "Aquanaut's Holiday" (Sony), "Carnage Heart" (Sony), "Turnabout" (Natsume/Zoo Digital), "Tail of The Sun" (Sony), "AIV: Global Evolution" (Maxis), and "No One Canm Stop Mr. Domino!" (Acclaim/JVC Music Europe) for the PlayStation.

In 2022, Artdink was joined together with Square Enix, that released new title "Triangle Strategy" for Nintendo Switch.


The Last Guardian

The Last Guardian sometimes known as Hitoki no Ōwashi Trico in Japan is an action-adventure role-playing video game developed by Japan Studio and GenDesign and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.

"The Last Guardian" was planned released for PlayStation 3, but later the game has been removed into PlayStation 4. The game was created by Team Ico (who has publishing "Ico" for PlayStation 2 in 2001).

Just like the two prevolious games "Ico" (2001) and "Shadow of the Colossus" (2005), "The Last Guardian" takes player to finished the puzzle as to solved puzzles and explore the next areas.

The boy can climb on structures, carry objects such as barrels, and operated mechanism such as levers. Trico's size and agility allows it to through ands fight off against guards who attempt to capture that boy.

The player is returned to the last checkpoint if Trico is captured by guards, or if he falls from too great heights.

Big government

Big government means a government system which many people think of as either too large or too intrusive. Policies that are usually described as Big Government include laws on food (such as New York City's laws on soft drink sizes), laws on morality (like those against prostitution or drugs), or policies that seek centralization. 

A similar idea is Big Brother for an intrusive surveillance state.

Similar terms are parent government, nanny state (especially in British English), and managerial state.


Corporate welfare

Corporate welfare is a term for the subsidies, bailouts grants, etc bestowed by a country's government to major corporations, usually at the expense of small business and the rest of society. The corporations likeliest to receive these bailouts are banks, insurance companies (especially health insurance companies), car dealerships and a few others, especially during recessions.

Crony capitalism

Corporate cronyism also called crony capitalism or controlled capitalism is an economic system in which big businesses engage in lobbying for policies that stifle competition.

Lemon socialism

Lemon socialism is a pejorative term for government policies that subsidize or prop up large failing businesses, which are the lemon (product)s.

Health insurance

Health insurance is a form of insurance which pays for medical care. Exactly what such plans cover varies. There's "bare bones" insurance policies that don't pay for much more than emergency lifesaving treatments, and at the opposite side of the scale are plans that include everything except for elective procedures like plastic surgery.

Managerial state

The managerial state a concept critical of modern progressive democracy and Keynesian economics in which the government "micromanages" everything.

Rhodesia (1964–1965)

Rhodesia was short lived British colony that existed from October 24, 1964 until Rhodesia's UDI on November 11, 1965.

After Northern Rhodesia became independent as Zambia on October 24, 1964, Southern Rhodesia became simply known as Rhodesia because Northern Rhodesia no longer exists.

Dealership

A dealership is a type of business which sells certain items. These items may include automobiles, boats, other vehicles, manufactured homes or appliances.

Car dealerships are a very common form of dealership. The often sell either new or used automobiles. They will often also provide repairs to vehicles. New car dealerships most often only sell and repair vehicles from a specific maker. Used car dealership will often sell vehicles from many different makers and are less likely to provide repairs.

Manufactured home

A manufactured home is a house, such as a mobile home or modular home built in a factory. Manufactured homes are usually much less expensive than their site-built counterparts and they're quicker to build.

Modular home

A modular home is a house constructed in segments in a factory and then assembled on site. Modular homes differ from mobile homes in that modulars are built to a standard comparable to site-built houses and thus can have multiple storeys.

Lemon law

Lemon laws are government policies that provide remedies for consumers who unknowingly purchase defective or dangerous items (called "lemons"). Lemon laws particularly concern appliances, vehicles and other big ticket items.
Lemon (product)

Too big to fail

Too big to fail or too big to jail is a theory of economics as well as a pejorative term for corporate welfare supposedly being necessary because the businesses that receive it are considered so vital to the economy that should they fail and go under, the whole economic system might fall apart.

Lemon (product)

A lemon in business is a name for a product that is defective, unreasonably unsafe, counterfeit, etc.

Statism

Statism is any one of a range of doctrines and ideologies that the legal and political power of the state (and its monopoly on the legal use of force) is not only legitimate, but desirable. This contrasts with libertarianism and anarchism.

Monopoly on violence

The monopoly on the legal use of force, monopoly on violence or monopoly on legitimate violence is the property of a polity or government/state that differentiates it for all over organizations in a given territory. This monopoly upholds a government's sovereignty and jurisdiction and makes it the only organization that can legally imprison, tax, etc. Without such coercion, a state ceases to be a state. The social contract theory suggests a government's monopoly on the legal use of force is derived from the "consent of the governed".

Alagna Valsesia

Alagna Valsesia (Walser German: "Im Land", Piedmontese: "Alagna", Valsesiano: "Lagna") is a "comune" and small village high in the Valsesia alpine valley in the province of Vercelli, Piedmont, northern Italy. It is a tourist site for mountaineering and winter sports, and it is internationally known for the freeride off-piste skiing. It is at an elevation of just south of the Monte Rosa.

It was originally settled by Walser at the beginning of the 12th century.

On 1 January 2019, Riva Valdobbia was an independent comune merged to form the neighboring municipality of Alagna Valsesia.


Coercion

Coercion is using force or the threat of force to make somebody do something against their will. Types of coercion include extortion, robbery, blackmail, sexual assault/rape, etc.

Riva Valdobbia

Riva Valdobbia is a "frazione" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about north of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli. It's an Italian village of 265 people in the upper Valsesia, in the province of Vercelli, in Piedmont.

On 1 January 2019, it was an independent comune merged to form the neighboring municipality of Alagna Valsesia.

Deep state

The deep state is the organs of a government that operate in secret on potentially unauthorized networks, secret sites, etc. The concept is related to the deep web.


Shadow government

The shadow government, cryptocracy, invisible government or secret government is a conspiracy theory based on the notion that true political power resides not in the possession of elected officials, but private, secret organizations like a secret society, think tanks, intelligence agencies, etc.

It's All About Love

It's All About Love is a 2003 international science fiction romantic drama movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg and starring Joaquin Phoenix, Claire Danes, Sean Penn, Douglas Henshall, Alun Armstrong, Mark Strong. It did very poorly with critics.


Small government

Small government or limited government is a principle and theory about government systems that have minimal intervention into the lives of the citizenry.

Mass surveillance

The surveillance state, or mass surveillance is the intricate, invasive and constant surveillance of a large population by a government. 

People like Edward Snowdon and Bradley Manning have warned others about it.

Gaspard-Gustave de Coriolis

Gaspard-Gustave de Coriolis was a French mathematician, mechanical engineer and scientist. He is best known for his work on the supplementary forces that are detected in a rotating frame of reference, leading to the Coriolis effect.

Albano Vercellese

Albano Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Alice Castello

Alice Castello is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Alto Sermenza

Alto Sermenza is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former municipalities of Rima San Giuseppe and Rimasco.

Rima San Giuseppe

Rima San Giuseppe is a "frazione" of Alto Sermenza in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rimasco

Rimasco is a "frazione" of Alto Sermenza in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Arborio, Piedmont

Arborio is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Asigliano Vercellese

Asigliano Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about south of Vercelli.

Balmuccia

Balmuccia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Balocco

Balocco is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is the home of the Circuito di Balocco road-testing track.


Bianzè

Bianzè is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgo Vercelli

Borgo Vercelli is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgo d'Ale

Borgo d'Ale is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Buronzo

Buronzo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Campertogno

Campertogno is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caresana

Caresana is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Fobello

Fobello is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.

Fobello is next to these municipalities: Alto Sermenza, Bannio Anzino, Carcoforo, Cervatto, Cravagliana, Rimella, and Rossa.

Automobile engineers Vincenzo Lancia (1881–1937) and his son Gianni Lancia (1924–2014) were born here.


Cervatto

Cervatto is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caresanablot

Caresanablot is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Carisio

Carisio is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Wildcats (movie)

Wildcats is a 1986 American sports comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Goldie Hawn, Wesley Snipes, Swoosie Kurtz, Robyn Lively, Jan Hooks, James Keach, Woody Harrelson, LL Cool J, Gloria Stuart, Niki Corri. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Casanova Elvo

Casanova Elvo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Prettau

Prettau () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is the northernmost comune of Italy, on the border with Austria.


Segrate

Segrate is a city in northern Italy, next to Milan. Segrate is in the Lombardy Region. About 35,000 people live there. It is known for its mosque.

Alistair Ifill

Alistair Fitzwarren Ifill was born 12 September, 1976 in Georgetown. He is a cricketer who played 11 Twenty20 Internationals for the Cayman Islands.

Ted Raimi

Theodore Raimi (born December 14, 1965) is an American actor, director, comedian, and writer. He is known for his roles in the works of his brother Sam Raimi. He played Ted Hoffman in the "Spider-Man" trilogy. 

The Quarry (video game)

The Quarry is an interactive drama horror video game. It was developed by Supermassive Games and published by 2K Games. It is the spiritual successor to "Until Dawn" (2015). It was released for Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Series S in June 2022. 

Actors who have voice roles in the game are David Arquette, Siobhan Williams, Lin Shaye, Lance Henriksen, Grace Zabriskie, Ted Raimi, Ariel Winter, Ethan Suplee, Miles Robbins, Halston Sage, Zach Tinker, Brenda Song, Skyler Gisondo, Evan Evagora, and Justice Smith.

The game had over 1,000 pages in its script, and the game has a total of 186 different endings.

Antonio La Forgia

Antonio La Forgia (24 December 1944 – 10 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was born in Forlì, Italy. From 1996 to 1999, he was president of Emilia-Romagna and of the Emilia-Romagna Legislative Assembly from 2000 to 2005. From 2006 to 2013, he was deputy. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

La Forgia died in Bologna, Italy on 10 June 2022 at the age of 77.

Yuri Mamonov

Yuri Vasilyevich Mamonov (; 18 February 1958 – 11 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a Deputy of the State Duma for its 3rd convocation, between 2000 and 2003. Moamonov was born in Moscow, Russia. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia.

Mamonov died on 11 June 2022 at his house in Moscow, aged 64.

Bernd Bransch

Bernd Bransch (24 September 1944 – 11 June 2022) was a German footballer. He was born in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, East Germany. In 1972, he won an Olympic bronze medal. In 1976, he won a gold medal. He played for the East Germany national football team from 1967 until 1976, making sixty-four appearances. 

Bransch died on 11 June 2022 at the age of 77.

Pride (2014 movie)

Pride is a 2014 British historical comedy-drama movie written by Stephen Beresford and directed by Matthew Warchus. It based on the true story of a group of lesbian and gay activists who raised money to help families affected by the British miners' strike in 1984, which would become the Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners campaign. It stars Bill Nighy, Imelda Staunton, Dominic West, Paddy Considine, Andrew Scott, George MacKay, Joseph Gilgun and Ben Schnetzer.

The movie was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and three BAFTA Awards. It was released on 12 September 2014.

Scinax ruberoculatus

The red-eyed snouted tree frog ("Scinax ruberoculatus") is a frog. It lives in forests in Brazil, Suriname, and French Guiana.

The red-eyed snouted tree frog is smaller than other frogs in "Scinax". The adult male frog is 22.6–25.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 25.4–27.5 mm long. This frog is light gray or light brown in color, with a dark spot on its head. The scientists wrote that this spot looked like a human back tooth or like a moth to them. There is an off-white stripe on each side of the body. The upper half of the iris of the eye is red in color and the bottom half of the iris is gray in color. The belly is whitish.

The tadpole is about 22.2 mm long, with the tail. The body is bronze in color with darker brown spots. Young frogs are gray with darker spots. The irises of their eyes are red all around with black color around the iris.

The name "ruberoculatus" comes from the Latin words "ruber" for "red" and "oculatus" for "having eyes."

Tetris 99

Arika would later develop similar games called "Super Mario Bros. 35" and "Pac-Man 99", which instead involve the games "Super Mario Bros." and "Pac-Man".

La Vetta

La Vetta (or "The Ice Queen") is a symbolist work by Cesare Saccaggi. It was first shown at the 10th International Art Exhibition in Venice in 1912. It is currently kept in the painting gallery of the Cassa di Risparmio Foundation in Tortona.

The picture shows a human figure, with an edelweiss. In the background, snow-covered mountains can be seen. An exhausted young man tries to hold on to this figure. This scene is typical for the German philiosophy of the 19th century. It illustrates the concept of effort ("Streben"). The main figure shows the unattainable goal. The young man symbolisess the eternal desire to surpass himself. 



LGBTQ Pride Month

Pride Month is a thematic month where special attention is paid to the emancipation and acceptance of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, "queer", or questioning (LGBTQ) people.

In the United States, June is "LGBTQI+ Pride Month", given the Stonewall riots that took place in New York City in late June 1969, which was a huge boost to the LGBTI+ civil and liberation movements. LGBTQ+ marches and parades have taken place in many American cities since the 1970s, which were followed in many Western countries, although not always in late June.

Since 2012, the Google Search has displayed a rainbow-colored decor that changes annually for LGBT-related searches during Pride Month.

Since 1999, Democratic Presidents Clinton, Obama, and Biden have officially declared "Pride Month" in June"." Republican President Trump did this in 2019 via Twitter. During this month, many American organizations, institutions and companies are paying attention to LGBT+ issues, including through public and "marketing" campaigns. However, this can also involve queerbaiting, pinkwashing, and rainbow capitalism.

Despite June being Pride Month, in the United Kingdom many pride events are held in July, August and September.

Prefectures of China

In the People's Republic of China, provinces are broken into areas called prefectures. They are a kind of administrative division.

Prefectures are the "second-level divisions" of China. First, the country is broken into provinces and autonomous regions. Second, provinces and autonomous regions are broken into prefectures of various kinds. Third, prefectures are broken into counties. Fourth, counties are broken into towns and subdistricts.

Any second-level division of China can be called a prefecture. However, prefecture also means a particular kind of second-level division. For this reason, second-level divisions are also called prefecture-level divisions.

The kinds of prefecture-level divisions include:


Ion Plus

Ion Plus is an American TV network owned by Ion Media. It operated as a network available through an antenna or cable TV until February 28, 2021. The network originally launched in 2007 as Ion Life. The network featured home decoration, health, cooking, and travel shows. In 2019, Ion Media converted the network into a general entertainment format that matched that of parent network Ion Television, mainly showing crime drama shows. It then became Ion Life.

Under new ownership by the E. W. Scripps Company, the channel stopped being broadcast on February 28, 2021, as the new company preferred to bring over networks it already owned. Ion Plus and Qubo continues but is only available through smart TV services on television sets made by Vizio and Samsung and other free streaming services like The Roku Channel and Amazon Freevee.

Quaker Steak &amp; Lube

Quaker Steak & Lube is a casual dining restaurant chain based in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania. The original restaurant was built in 1974 by George "Jig" Warren and Gary "Mo" Meszaros in an abandoned gas station in downtown Sharon, and decorated with license plates and old automobiles. Originally a "cook your own steak" establishment, Quaker Steak's signature dish is now its chicken wings and the variety of sauces used to season them.

Nick at Nite

Nick at Nite (stylized as nick@nite) is an American nighttime programming block. It is broadcast on the same channel as Nickelodeon. It usually broadcasts from 5 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Mondays-Fridays) 9 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Saturdays) 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Sundays)ET/PT. The block is marketed as a separate network from Nickelodeon for ratings purposes, similar to Cartoon Network, Adult Swim's late-night block.

Nick at Nite primarily appeals to adult and older youth audiences, mainly carrying syndicated sitcoms and films from as recent as the mid-2010s to the late 1980s.

Via Nickelodeon, Nick at Nite is available in 92.0 million households in North America as of January 2016.


Kristen McMenamy

Kristen McMenamy (born December 13, 1964) is an American model. Her career was boosted due to the grunge fashion trend.

Melanie Paxson

Melanie Deanne Paxson (née Moore; born September 26, 1972) is an American actress. 
She is known for her roles as Jaclyn in Cupid, Sara Brennan in Happy Family. Paxson also appeared in television commercials in the early 2000s.

Lauren Vélez

Luna Lauren Vélez (born November 2, 1964) is an American actress. 
She is the identical twin sister of actress Lorraine Vélez. 
Her most notable roles are as 

Candice Olson

Candice Olson (born October 27, 1964) is a Canadian designer. 
She was the television host of Divine Design and Candice Tells All.

Melissa Francis

Melissa Ann Francis (born December 12, 1972) is an American television news personality.
Francis has been as an anchor and commentator for the Fox Business Network and Fox News. She used to work as an actress.

Diana Taurasi

Diana Lorena Taurasi (born June 11, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. She plays for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). 

Taurasi grew up in Chino, California. Taurasi's father, Mario, was raised in Argentina. He was a professional soccer player in Italy and played for several years as a goalkeeper.

Following a good high school career, Taurasi enrolled at the University of Connecticut and began playing for the women's basketball team during the 2000–2001 season. Playing as point guard and shooting guard, she led the team to three consecutive NCAA championships. Leading up to the final championship, her coach, Geno Auriemma, would declare his likelihood of winning with the claim, "We have Diana, and you don't."

Mark Foster (swimmer)

Mark Andrew Foster (born 12 May 1970) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics and world championships, and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games. Foster is a former world champion and won multiple medals in international competition during his long career. He competed primarily in butterfly and freestyle at 50 metres.

Pal's

Pal's Sudden Service, or Pal's for short, is a regional fast food restaurant chain. 
They are located in northeast Tennessee and southwestern Virginia. Their stores are concentrated in the Tri-Cities, Tennessee metro region. In 2020, the company had 30 locations.
The first Pal's opened in 1956 in Kingsport, Tennessee. Pal's CEO is Thom Crosby. 

1970s in American television

The decade of the 1970s saw big changes in television programming in the United States. The "family sitcoms" and rural programs stopped and more socially modern programs and "young, hip and urban" sitcoms started.

"The Red Skelton Show" and "The Ed Sullivan Show" were canceled after being broadcast for many decades. The "family sitcoms" of the 1950s and 1960s were replaced with newer ones like "The Brady Bunch". The series has been broadcast in syndication since 1974. Many children grew up with it. They think of the Bradys as the normal family in 1970s television. "I Dream of Jeannie" and "Bewitched" began to lose American interest. "I Dream of Jeannie" ended its run in 1970, followed by "Bewitched" in 1972. 

In 1971, CBS was being called the "Hillbilly Network" because the most of its hit shows were rural-oriented. It ended the shows "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Hee Haw", "Green Acres", "Mayberry RFD" and every program "that had a tree in it" as described by actor Pat Buttram. They were replaced with programs that appealed to younger urban viewers. Programming was called "social consciousness". It was lead by television producer Norman Lear. 

"All in the Family" ended television barriers. When the series was first broadcast in 1971, Americans heard the words "fag (short for "faggot")," "jigaboo," and "spic" on national television programming for the first time. "All in the Family" was a part of common dinner conversation in the country. Americans had not seen anything like it on television before. The program became the highest-rated program on U.S. television in the fall of 1971. It stayed in the top slot until 1976. "All in the Family" started a number of spin-offs, such as "Maude". It starred Bea Arthur. 

Maude was Edith Bunker's cousin and Archie's archenemy. She stood for everything liberal and was outspoken about civil rights and feminism. Like "All in the Family," Maude broke new ground in television. It presented American audiences with something they had never seen on television before when Maude said that she was planning to have an abortion. Maude was comfortable. She hired a black woman as her housekeeper. Maude's housekeeper, Florida Evans (played by Esther Rolle), became popular in her own right. She was given her own television series in 1974, "Good Times". The series starred John Amos and Rolle. "Good Times" was another hit for Lear. 

Lear developed two more programs in 1975. "The Jeffersons" is a spin-off of "All in the Family". Archie Bunker's black next-door neighbors moved to an apartment on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. "One Day at a Time" is about a single mother raising her two teenage daughters in Indianapolis.

With the rise in socially responsible programming, the television western slowly died out. The first programs to end were "The High Chaparral" and "The Virginian" in the spring of 1971. "Bonanza" ended a year after actor Dan Blocker died during surgery in 1972. CBS's "Gunsmoke" ended with a star-studded series finale in 1975. During this time, "Kung Fu", airing from 1972 to 1975, had a mix of Eastern philosophy and martial arts. "Bonanza" actor Michael Landon was on a television version of the popular children's book series "Little House on the Prairie". The series first aired in 1974 and ran for eight years. The competitor of the program was CBS's "The Waltons". It was about family unity during a different time and place (Virginia) during the Great Depression.

Medical programs were popular in the early 1970s. "Marcus Welby, M.D." was the first medical drama to deal with many subjects on television. The series aired for 7 seasons. "Emergency!" was also the first series ever to have both the paramedic and the emergency hospital. It starred Robert Fuller and Julie London. "M*A*S*H", starring Alan Alda, was about the days of the Korean War. It was a comedy drama.

By the mid-to-late 1970s, viewers no longer wanted socially responsible sitcoms. Former head of programming Fred Silverman left CBS and worked for ABC. He started the trend of TV about sexual gratification, humor and situations. It was nicknamed "jiggle television." Jiggle TV programs included the crime-fighting series "Charlie's Angels". It starred soon to be sex symbols Farrah Fawcett, Jaclyn Smith, and Kate Jackson

"Charlie's Angels" was one of many crime series during the 1970s. Another program, "Police Woman" was the first to have a female lead in the title role who also became a sex symbol. Other successful TV crime dramas included "The Streets of San Francisco", "Columbo", "Barnaby Jones", "The Rockford Files", "Starsky & Hutch" and "Kojak". The most popular was "Hawaii Five-O". For many years it was the longest-running crime show in the history of American television. Crime shows were then often criticized during the 1970s because they often had violent content. "CHiPs", an action-packed police-buddy show, first aired in 1977. The police rarely used their guns in the show. 

Science-fiction became more popular as the 1970s progressed. Many sci-fi programs were popular during this time. They included "The Six Million Dollar Man", "The Bionic Woman", "Battlestar Galactica", "Wonder Woman", "The Incredible Hulk" and "Fantasy Island".

Another popular medium in U.S. television moving into the 1970s was soap operas. They moved from being watched exclusively by housewives to having a sizable audience of men (who largely watched "The Edge of Night") and college students. The latter audience helped "All My Children" gain a devoted following, as it was on during many universities' traditional "lunch period." In a "TIME" article written in 1976, it was estimated that as many as 35 million households tuned into at least one soap opera each afternoon, the most popular being "As the World Turns". It routinely grabbed viewing figures of twelve million or higher each day.

The soap boom spawned a nighttime soap parody, "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman". The parody made a star out of Louise Lasser, who played the eponymous heroine. A rising soap opera toward the decade's end was "Ryan's Hope". It built on the success of the movie "Rocky". Despite "Ryan's Hope" starting earlier, the show's success came a while after the movie's release. The serial was about an Irish-American family running a pub in New York City. Television critics liked its realistic portrayal of an "ethnic" middle-class family in a contemporary setting. The show's matriarch, played by Helen Gallagher, won two Daytime Emmys. "General Hospital", a soap that spent most of the decade with bad ratings, saw a rise in popularity around late 1978 due to its more youthful focus. It would not become a ratings giant until the 1980s.

ABC aired "Soap", a sitcom that parodied soap operas. It had one of the first gay characters on U.S. television. Many stations refused to air the series (another storyline consisted of heroine Corinne Tate, played by Diana Canova, lusting after a priest who eventually left the priesthood to marry her). The escapist "fantasy" genre started in 1977 with "The Love Boat". The series involved popular movie and television stars in guest roles as passengers on a luxury cruise liner that sailed up and down the Pacific Coast. It was followed in 1978 with "Fantasy Island", starring Ricardo Montalban and Hervé Villechaize. 

Daytime television had several game shows. They aired alongside soap operas during the mornings and afternoons. During the early years of the decade, "The Hollywood Squares" (NBC) was the most popular. It won numerous Emmy awards. Hosted by masterly emcee Peter Marshall, nine celebrities in a large tic-tac-toe board respond to questions. Contestants must state whether they "agree" or "disagree" with the answers. If they are correct, their "X"/"O" symbol lights up in the celeb's box. The first to get three in a row or a five-square wins. 

"Match Game" (CBS) was the most popular game show from 1973 to 1977. Fun between the panel and "ringmaster" host Gene Rayburn made it popular. At one point, it was the highest-rated daytime TV show in U.S. history. The show launched a spin-off, "Family Feud" (ABC). It was the #1 game show of the late 1970s. Two families squared off in assuming the most common answers to surveys of 100 people across the nation with such questions as, "name a public figure most Americans dislike." The simple idea was the main cause of its success. Other successful game shows during this decade included "The Price Is Right" (still on the air to this day), "Let's Make a Deal", "The $20,000 Pyramid", "The Gong Show", "The Newlywed Game", "Password", "Tattletales", "Tic Tac Dough", "Bowling for Dollars", "Break the Bank" and "The Joker's Wild".

Another influential genre was the television newscast. Each of the three television networks had widely recognizable and respected journalists on their newscasts: CBS anchor Walter Cronkite was voted "The Most Trusted Man in America" many times over. He led in the nightly ratings. NBC's John Chancellor and David Brinkley were a strong second, while ABC was in third place in the news department until the 1990s. It had a newscast with Howard K. Smith.

The success of the 1971 television movie "Duel" signaled the rise of movies produced specifically for television. Some featured a hero or heroine whose life was in jeopardy, while others were pilots for proposed TV series to be picked up by a network. Still others centered on the destructiveness of a certain disease, whether medical or social. "Roots" is a multi-part miniseries that ran on a number of consecutive nights in early 1977. It proved to be a huge hit in the ratings and thus paved the way for others of its kind like "Shogun" and "The Thorn Birds".

Variety shows carried on in the 1970s with "The Carol Burnett Show". With a repertory company that included Vicki Lawrence, Harvey Korman and Lyle Waggoner, the veterans' series ran well into the mid-1970s. NBC aired a variety show of its own, starring African-American comedian Flip Wilson. "The Flip Wilson Show" became a success and became the first show headed by an African-American comedian to become a ratings winner.

In 1971, while Fred Silverman was still working for CBS, he spotted singing duo Sonny & Cher doing a stand-up concert. He decided to turn it into a weekly variety show. In addition to some entertaining stand-up banter between the husband and wife, "The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour" would also have skits and music (mostly sung by Cher). The show was a ratings winner from the first episode and ran for three years. It was followed shortly after by singing duo Tony Orlando and Dawn.

Another group of singers who received a variety show in the 1970s were two of the famous singing Osmonds—Donny and his sister Marie. Sid & Marty Krofft set to work on their series and "Donny & Marie" premiered on ABC in the winter of 1976. Although the show became very popular, the Osmonds were equally ridiculed for their wholesome image and Mormon moral reputation (on an episode of "Good Times", the lead character, Florida, listed three things in the world you just can't do, and one was "smile wider than Donny and Marie").

Many prime-time programs of the 1970s were run by independent producers, often in association with a major Hollywood studio. A particularly successful independent producer at the dawn of the decade was Quinn Martin. Martin produced crime shows such as "The Streets of San Francisco", "Cannon", and "Dan August". The latter show was a one-season cop series, starring Burt Reynolds, that would find greater popularity after its star had hit it big at the cinema. Martin's success faded during the last half of the decade. Norman Lear produced the socially relevant "All in the Family" as well as more innocuous fare such as "One Day at a Time". Jack Webb oversaw "Adam-12" and "Emergency!." Glen A. Larson produced a number of shows in association with Universal TV "("McCloud", "Switch", etc.), "while David Gerber made a name for himself with such fare as Police Woman and Police Story. The latter was a one-hour anthology series with no series regulars. Among 1970s TV producers, was Aaron Spelling. He would go on to be perhaps, according to an article written by Michael Idato for The Sydney Morning Herald, "the most prolific producer in TV history." Like Quinn Martin, Spelling was known for producing crime dramas (S.W.A.T., Starsky & Hutch). Spelling also produced more escapist shows like The Love Boat, Fantasy Island, and Charlie's Angels. There was also Family, a socially relevant hour-long series. It would win a number of Emmys during its four-year run. Spelling's success would continue well into the 1990s.


Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show

Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show is an animated road comedy television film that serves as the series finale of the animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

It was produced by a.k.a. Cartoon. It premiered on Cartoon Network on November 8, 2009. Series creator Danny Antonucci directed the film and co-wrote it with Jay Batistan. "Big Picture Show" centers on an adventure that the adolescent Eddy takes his friends Ed and Edd on to find his older brother after their most recent money-making scheme leaves their cul-de-sac in a state of devastation that harms its other participants.

Antonucci and a.k.a. Cartoon spent two years working on the movie before it was finished in 2009. To focus more on this, he shortened the show's sixth season to two episode segments after getting approval from Cartoon Network to work on a movie. Its title characters are respectively voiced by Matt Hill, Sam Vincent and Tony Sampson while David Paul Grove, Kathleen Barr, Erin Fitzgerald, Peter Kelamis, Janyse Jaud and Keenan Christensen play their neighbors. Terry Klassen, the show's voice director, was cast as Eddy's Brother while Patric Caird composed its score.

"Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show" had high ratings for Cartoon Network, posting double and triple digit ratings delivery gains. It was also released on the iTunes Store. It has been praised as a strong conclusion for "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

Below is a list of voice actors.

Tim Hill

Timothy Joseph Hill (born May 21, 1958) is an American animator, film director, screenwriter, editor, voice actor and producer.
Hill began his career in the 1990s as a television writer, director, storyboard artist and editor for "Rocko's Modern Life" (with Stephen Hillenburg), "Exit 57", "KaBlam!", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Ed, Edd n Eddy" (with Danny Antonucci) and "Kenny the Shark". He also created the KaBlam! skit Action League Now!!

Hill directed the films "Muppets from Space", "Max Keeble's Big Move", "", "Alvin and the Chipmunks", and "Hop (movie)". Hill was a screenwriter for "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie". He later directed another "SpongeBob" film "".
Hill has been married to actress Veronica Alicino, whom he frequently casts in minor roles in his films, since June 24, 1997. He is the nephew of director George Roy Hill.

Yankee Doodle in Berlin

Yankee Doodle in Berlin is a 1919 American silent World War I comedy movie. It was directed by F. Richard Jones. The movie stars Bothwell Browne, Ford Sterling, Bert Roach, Malcolm St. Clair, Marie Prevost, Chester Conklin, Heinie Conklin, Eva Thatcher.

Poena cullei

Poena cullei, or the penalty of the sack was an ancient Roman form of execution imposed on people convicted of patricide, or the murder of one's parents. It involved being sewn into a sack with vicious animals, most commonly a monkey, snake, and chicken, but others were sometimes used as well. The sack was then thrown into a body of water to sink. In the course of drowning, the animals would attack one another and the human in the bag.

Poena cullei probably varied in frequency of usage. The earliest account of which dates to 100 BCE and by 300 CE it had largely fallen out of favour. The method of execution enjoyed a short resurgence in Germany during the medieval era.

Sack

A sack usually refers to a rectangular-shaped bag.

Sack may also refer to:




Patricide

Patricide is the crime of killing one's parents, especially the father.

Cement shoes

Cement shoes, or Chicago shoes is a method of execution, murder or body disposal that involves weighing the body down so it can't float after being tossed into the water. This was a way of getting rid of snitches by organized crime like the mafia. Very few confirmed cases are known.

Jim Braude

James Spencer Braude (born May 7, 1949) is a lawyer, former union official, and Boston radio and television personality.

Scaphism

Scaphism or The Boats was a method of execution where the condemned was sandwiched between two canoes or halves of a log, force fed milk and honey and be left in the middle of a stagnant body of water. The victim was also covered in the milk and honey and generally stripped naked. The smell of this cocktail and the inevitable excrement attracted insects and other vermin to devour the body.

List of countries and territories where Afrikaans or Dutch are official languages

This is a list of countries where Dutch or Afrikaans are official languages. 


Blowing from a cannon

Blowing from a cannon was a method of execution in which the victim was tied to the mouth of a cannon which was fired immediately after. The method was popular with British colonial authorities in India and used on revolters. This method of capital punishment was favoured by the British as a Hindu belief states that the body must be intact to go into the afterlife. In Africa, the Portuguese colonial authorities also used the method.

Brazen bull

The Brazen bull, bronze bull or Sicillian bull, or occasionally Bull of Phalaris was an apparatus, shaped like a bull used to cook people alive. The bull is said to have been invented by Perilaus of Athens to please the tyrant of Sicily, Phalaris, although the inventor was the first it was used on. The bull is said to have had a door to one side, through which the condemned would be shoved and then locked in. A fire would be lit under the bull and the victim was roasted alive as the metal was heated. A special system of pipes in the head of the bull acoustically converted the screams of victims into the sounds of an actual bull. Some scholars and historians question whether the Brazen bull even existed or was simply made up as a form of propaganda.

Submarino

Submarino is a 2010 Danish Swedish drama movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg and is based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Jonas T. Bengtsson. It stars Jakob Cedergren, Peter Plaugborg, Patricia Schumann. 


Lingchi

Lingchi, slow slicing or death by a thousand cuts was a method of execution by dismemberment used primarily in China, but also used in Vietnam and Korea from 900 to 1900. In this method, a knife was used to methodically cut off various portions of the body, eventually resulting in death. Lingchi was reserved for crimes deemed especially heinous such as high treason and the process continued a while after the victim had died.

Silk (2007 movie)

Silk is a 2007 Canadian drama movie directed by François Girard and was based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Alessandro Baricco. It stars Michael Pitt, Keira Knightley, Kōji Yakusho, Miki Nakatani, Alfred Molina, Mark Rendall, Kenneth Welsh and was distributed by New Line Cinema.


Windows Mobile 6.1

Windows Mobile 6.1 is a sixth version of Windows Mobile operating system, released on April 1, 2008. It is a minor upgrade to the Windows Mobile 6.0 platform and a redesigned Home screen featuring horizontal tiles that expand on clicking to display more information. This was not supported in the Professional editions. Windows Mobile 6.1 has ended of support on January 8, 2013, after Microsoft discontinued Windows Mobile.


Blue crane

The blue crane (Grus paradisea), also known as the Stanley crane and the paradise crane, is the national bird of South Africa. The species is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN.

During One Night

During One Night is a 1961 British drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Susan Hampshire, Sean Sullivan, Alan Gibson, Tom Busby, Jackie Collins, Don Borisenko, Colin Maitland, Sean McCan.

Epigenesis (geology)

Epigenesis In geology, is the modification of minerals in rocks after formation. 

A common example is marble. Laid down as chalk or other limestone, its nature is changed by being uplifted in a later mountain range. The heat and pressure turns the limestone into marble.

Silvanne Slot

Silvanne Slot (born 2004) is a Dutch water polo player from Veenendaal. She plays with ZV de Zaan in Zaandam and the junior national team.

Slot started with synchronized swimming but later started playing water polo at the age of eight years old at VZC because her brother also played water polo. With VZC she became 2015 national champion (under-11) and was named best player of the tournament. At VZC, having only one women’s senior team, she could train with the senior team. However she moved to Polar Bears Ede when she was thirteen years old because Polar Bears had multiple women’s team and having more development possibilities.

With Polar Bears she became national champion with the under-15 team and later also with the under-17 team. In 2020 she became for the first time national champion with the senior team. As of 2021 she lives during the week at the water polo academy in Eindhoven. She trains at the Tongelreep swimming pool around eighteen hours per week. In the 2021-22 season she won with Polar Bears the national championships, the national cup and the Supercup. With the junior national team she competed at the Diapolo Cup in Budapest; at the 2019 European U15 Water Polo Championship in Kirishi (Russia) and 2021 European Junior Water Polo Championship in Sibenik (Croatia).

Slot was nominated to become 2021 Veenendaal sport talent of the year.

Next to water polo she attends (MBO) for teaching assistant.

Fenna Achterberg

Fenna Achterberg (born 12 October 2004) is a Dutch track and field athlete from Veenendaal. She competes primarily in the heptathlon.

Achterberg started with athletics when she was seven years old. At the age of eleven she started competing including at the unofficial national championships. Over the years she improved at these championships. In those first years she mainly competed in hurdles and high jump. Later she focussed on the heptathlon.

She competed in 2019 for the first time at the official national championships (under-18). At the time she was 15 years old and won the silver medal in the heptathlon. The next year she won the silver medal at these championships. During the 2020-21 season she had a foot injury. It took a long time to determine the cause. She has had her foot in a cast and has been on crutches for 16 weeks. 

As of 2022 she still represents athletics club “Daventria”. She is trained by René Dannenburg in IJsselstein and she also trains at Ciko ‘66 in Arnhem to improve in javelin throw and improve further in the long jump, her best discipline.

Achterberg became the 2017 and again the 2020-2021 Veenendaal sport talent of the year.

Tepuihyla tuberculosa

The Canelos tree frog ("Tepuihyla tuberculosa") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador and Peru Scientists have seen it between 132 and 1076 meters above sea level.

This frog is green in color with dark lines on its back. The adult male frog is about 82.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 85.7 mm.

The frog's name comes from the bumps (tubercules) on the skin of the frog's back.

James L. Venable

James Lewis Venable is an American composer. He works in American film and television. He is known for his scores to the Cartoon Network animated television series "The Powerpuff Girls", "Samurai Jack", "My Life as a Teenage Robot" and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends". The latter was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Theme Music in 2005, the same score won a 2005 Annie Award—Venable's third—for achievement in music for an animated series. Among Venable's feature film scores are "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back", "Scary Movie 3", "4", and "5" and "EuroTrip". On August 3, 2004, Venable released an electronica album titled Holding Space with Screaming Fan Records.

Palula language

Palula (also known as Phalura, ) is a Dardic language spoken in Chitral District, Ashret, Biori, and Shishi. It is spoken by the Palula people, who are Dards. It is dying out in small villages, but it is dominant in Ashret and Biori. It is closely related to Shina.

Anees Bazmee

Anees Bazmee is an Indian movie director, producer, and screenwriter, known for his works in Hindi cinema.

The first movie Bazmee directed was "Hulchul" in 1995. His first commercial success came in 1998 with the movie "Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha", one of the highest-grossing Bollywood movies of the year. He achieved further success as well as recognition by directing the top-grossing comedies including "No Entry" (2005), "Welcome" (2007), "Singh Is Kinng" (2008), "Ready" (2011) and "Welcome Back" (2015), Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2 (2022) and also received praise for directing the moderately successful romantic thriller "Deewangee" (2002).

Kohistani Shina

Kohistani Shina is a Dardic language spoken in the Kohistan region of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Kohistani Shina differs from the Shina language because of the phonology. In 2021, Razwal Kohistani developed the first qaidah for Kohistani Shina.

Shumashti language

Shumashti is a Dardic language spoken by 1,600 people in Kunar and a few in Chitral, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Shumashti people, a Dardic ethnic group who are related to the Pashayi and Gawar people. 

Torwali language

Torwali is a Dardic language spoken by the majority in Swat District, Pakistan. Its language capital is Bahrain.

Ushoji language

Ushoji is a Dardic language spoken in parts of Kohistan District and Swat District in Pakistan.

Yidgha language

Yidgha is a Pamiri language spoken in Chitral, Pakistan. It is closely related to the Munji language and are sometimes treated as one language.

Funbag Animation Studios

Funbag Animation Studios, also known as Funbag Studios or Funbag was a Canadian animation studio. It was headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario. It was well known for working on animated television series such as "Undergrads", "Freaky Stories", "Toad Patrol", "Watership Down", "Anthony Ant", "King", "Mole Sisters", "The Eggs", "For Better or For Worse", "Faireez", "Seven Little Monsters", "Madeline", and "The Wiggles Show".
Funbag provided additional production services on projects such as "The Simpsons", "The Ren & Stimpy Show", "Beavis and Butt-head", "Robot Chicken", Flash Gordon, Vor-Tech: Undercover Conversion Squad, The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo, "Bruno the Kid", "LazyTown", "LeapFrog", "The Oz Kids", "The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island", "Sniz & Fondue", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Birdz", "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective", "WildC.A.T.s", "Little Bear", "The Magic School Bus", "The Lionhearts", "The Ripping Friends", "Ed, Edd n Eddy", "Urmel", "Aaahh!!! Real Monsters", "RoboRoach", "The New Woody Woodpecker Show", "The Oblongs", "Squidbillies", "" and "Franklin".
In April 29, 2007, the company closed due to a decline in business, and some of the employees at the studio founded New Bike Entertainment to secure Funbag's assets.

Funbag also had an office in India.

Bagri language

Bagri is a dialect of Malwai Panjabi and Marwari Rajasthani, spoken by the Bagri people of India and Pakistan. It is spoken in Rajasthan and Panjab.

Bhaya language

Bhaya is a possibly extinct Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan. The last time it was recorded was in 1998 where only 70 people spoke the language.

Tom Hooker

Tom Hooker or Thomas Barbey (born Thomas Beecher Hooker on November 18, 1957) is an American singer and photographer. He is one of the songwriters of most songs for popular Italo disco artist Den Harrow.

Carlijn Tukkers

Carlijn Tukkers (born 2000 or 2001) is a Dutch women's field hockey player who currently plays as a defender for Kampong. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became 2022 Junior World Cup champion.

At a young age Tukkers moved with her parents to Breda where she started playing field hockey with . After playing for two years with the seniors team she moved to HC Kampong in 2020. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became world champion at the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in South Africa.

Living in Bavel, her parents have played field hockey. Her two year older brother Jasper Tukkers plays for the Netherlands men's national field hockey team. She has also a six years younger sister who played field hockey at the youth team of BHV Push.

Tukkers studies business administration.

Miniatur Wunderland

Miniatur Wunderland (German for 'miniature wonderland') is a model railway and miniature airport museum in Hamburg, Germany. It is the largest model railway in the world. 

The railroad consists of about 16 km (9.9 miles) of tracks. The museum is organized by geographical regions. These include the made-up town of Knuffingen, Knufflingen Airport (based on the Hamburg airport), Austria, Hamburg, Central Germany, America, Scandinavia, Switzerland, Italy, and South America. The model occupies 1,545 m2 (16,630 sq ft) space. 

The models include the following: 1,300 trains, over 10,000 carriages, over 100,000 vehicles, 500,000 lights, 130,000 trees, and 400,000 human figurines. 

There are plans to include other regions such as Central America, the Caribbean, Asia, England, Africa, and The Netherlands.

Ted

Ted may refer to


Tepuihyla obscura

Tepuihyla obscura is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it high up in the Chimantá Massif, between 1800 and 2600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 32.05 to 37.12 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be 26.44 to 33.67 mm. The skin on the frog's back is gray or gray-brown in color with darker marks. 

The tadpoles swim in pools where the water is not deep, in puddles in rocks, or in peat bogs.

Kharkiv People's Republic

The Kharkov People's Republic (also known as the Kharkiv People's Republic) () was a short-lived self proclaimed quasi-state in Kharkiv, Ukraine.

The flag is still used by pro-Russian separatists, along with the new one (in which they differ by the color of the stripe above, the republican is green and the occupation is purple), proclaiming that the republic will be reconstituted with the help from Russia.

Vice President of Nigeria

The Vice President of Nigeria is the second-in-command to the President of Nigeria in the Government of Nigeria. Officially styled Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the vice president is elected alongside the president in national elections. The office is currently held by Kashim Shettima.

A person shall be eligible for the office of vice president if he or she is a citizen of Nigeria by birth, at least 40 years of age, is a member of a political party and is sponsored by that political party

The executive functions of the Nigerian vice president includes participation in all cabinet meetings and, by statute, membership in the National Security Council, the National Defence Council, Federal Executive Council, and the Chairman of National Economic Council. Although the vice president may take an active role in establishing policy in the Executive Branch by serving on such committees and councils, the relative power of the Nigerian vice president's office depends upon the duties delegated by the president.

Major Chukwuma Kaduna Nzeogwu orchestrated the bloody military coup d'état of 1966 which overthrew the First Republic, parliamentary system of government was abolished and the office of the Vice President was established with Babafemi Ogundipe becoming the first Vice President as Chief of Staff, Supreme Headquarters.

Under the 1979 Constitution, the second constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the President was both head of state and government. The president along with the vice president were elected for a four-year term. In the event of a vacancy, the Vice President would have served as acting president.

Major-General Muhammadu Buhari was made military head of state following the coup d'ètat of 1983, which overthrew the Second Republic, Major General Tunde Idiagbon became the Chief of Staff, Supreme Headquarters.

Chief Ernest Shonekan was made interim head of state of Nigeria following the crisis of the Third Republic.

General Sani Abacha led the palace coup d'ètat of 1993 which overthrew the Interim National Government.

Under the fourth Constitution of the Republic of Nigeria, the president is head of both state and government. The president is elected by for a four-year term. In the event of a vacancy the Vice President serves as acting president.

Babette Backers

Babette Backers (born 2003 or 2004) is a Dutch women's field hockey player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for HC Kampong. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became 2022 Junior World Cup champion.

Many of her family members played field hockey at and so she started playing at the same club. As a talented player, she became already as a c-junior a member of a HC Kampong selection. Since 2022 she is goalkeeper of the main women’s team. 

Backers played three years for the national team (under-16) and afterwards for the national team (under-18). She competed at the 2021 EuroHockey Youth Championship winning the bronze medal. Initially being a reserve player of the Netherland national team (under-21) for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in South Africa, she became a member of the team after the championships were postponed. She played during several matches and became with the team world champion.

Backers studies medicine.

Garcelle Beauvais

Garcelle Beauvais (born Beauvais-Nilon, November 25, 1966, Saint-Marc, Haiti) is a Haitian-American actress, TV personality, author and former model, known for her roles on "The Jamie Foxx Show" and "NYPD Blue", and in movies like "Coming to America" (1988) and its 2021 sequel, "White House Down" (2013) and "" (2017).

Losin' It

Losin' It is a 1983 Canadian American sex comedy movie directed by Curtis Hanson and starring Tom Cruise, Shelley Long, Jackie Earle Haley, John Stockwell, Henry Darrow, Mario Marcelino, Rick Rossovich.


Ofisa Tonu'u

Ofisa Francis Junior Tonu'u was born 3 February, 1970 in Wellington. He was a Samoan-New Zealand rugby player who played from 1992 to 1998 and also played cricket for Samoa in 2019.

 from Cricinfo

Kabutra language

Kabutra is a Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Kabutra people of Punjab, Pakistan. Kabutra is mutually intelligible with the neighboring Sansi language. It is highly endangered and almost extinct as more people shift to Saraiki or Punjabi.

Kangri language

Kangri is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Himachal Pradesh in northern India, mostly in the Kangra, Una and Hamirpur districts also spoken in some parts of Mandi and Chamba districts of Himachal Pradesh. Kangri is also spoken in Gurdaspur, Rupnagar and Hoshiarpur districts of Punjab, India, some speakers are also found in Janmu and in Pakistan.

Luna Fokke

Luna Fokke (born 9 March 2001) is a Dutch women's field hockey player who currently plays as a midfielder for HC Kampong. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became 2022 Junior World Cup champion.

Fokke is Born in 2001 and lived in Leidschendam. At the age of six years old she started playing field hockey at and later moved to HGC in Wassenaar. In the last match she played with HGC she made the only goal in the match, which resulted in the team being promoted to the main league. At the time she has finished high school and moved to Utrecht. She started studying computer science and started playing field hockey with HC Kampong in 2019. Playing as a midfielder, she scores very often.

As a member of the national team (under-18) she became 2018 Girls' EuroHockey Youth Championships champion. She was a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) that became world champion at the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in South Africa. She scored at these championships a total of 11 goals.

Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom

Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom (English: "My Name Is Yu Ming") is a 2003 Irish short film. Yu Ming goes to Ireland, where most of the population do not know Irish. It was directed by Daniel O'Hara and is 13 minutes in length.

Yu Ming (Diyu Daniel Wu) hates his job at a supermarket in China. He chooses to move to Ireland because a globe he spun in a library landed on it. He learns "Gaelic" for 6 months first because an atlas says it is Ireland's official language.

He asks an Australian receptionist in a Dublin hostel ""Ba mhaith liom leaba anseo"" ("I would like a bed here"). Thinking it is Chinese, he asks Enke, an Asian co-worker, to translate it. He says, "I am Mongolian."

Yu Ming asks a bartender ""Tá mé ag lorg obair"" ("I am looking for work"). He also thinks he is speaking Chinese. Paddy (Frank Kelly), an old man, can speak Irish, so he buys him a drink and tells him he is able to speak Irish.

Yu Ming now works as a bartender in the Gaeltacht (Irish-speaking) area of Connemara.

The line ""An bhfuil tusa ag labhairt liomsa?"" ("Are you talking to me?") is said multiple times throughout the film.


The film got several awards in festivals, including Aspen Shortsfest, Celtic Film and Television Festival and Irish Film & Television Awards.


Broadacre City

Broadacre City was a proposed development by Frank Lloyd Wright that would have given families one acre (0.40 hectare) each. It would have been an agrarian eutopia, part of the garden-city movement around four square miles or ten square kilometers in total size. The housing stock of Broadacre City would consist almost entirely of single family farmhouses. There would be a few office buildings and a train station, but it would primarily be a farming community. Almost all transportation would be done via private automobile, the city would be coal powered, and pedestrians would not be accommodated.

Rangri dialect (Malvi)

Rangri is a dialect of the Malvi languge spoken in the Himachal Pradesh in India. It has around 1,102,000 speakers.

Garden city movement

The Garden city movement was a 20th-century urban planning movement that promoted sprawling cities with plenty of greenbelt space in between.

Sky City 1000

Tokyo SkyCity or Sky City 1000 is a proposed arcology for Tokyo, Japan. It is a 202 story, tall vertical city. It would be home to 36,000 people and employ 100,000 people. The skyscraper would have 14 concave dish shaped modules called "space plateaus". These modules were later copied and adapted for use in the proposed SpaceCity 6000. Each space plateau would have green space. These spaces would be used as a courtyard for the apartments, office suites, stores and other indoor facilities on the plataeu.

Thali dialect

Thali is a variety of Saraiki spoken in Western Punjab, Pakistan. It is different than Saraiki because of its phonology and its pronunciation of letters. It is closely related to Derawali.

Minority Report (movie)

Minority Report is a 2002 science-fiction movie directed by Steven Spielberg. The movie is based on the short story "The Minority Report" (1956) by Philip K. Dick. It stars Tom Cruise as Precrime Chief John Anderton, Colin Farrell as Department of Justice agent Danny Witwer, Samantha Morton as precog Agatha Lively, and Max von Sydow as Precrime director Lamar Burgess. The movie takes place in the year 2054 in Washington, D.C. It deals with problems with pre-knowledge of crimes committed in the future. 

"Minority Report" premiered at the Ziegfeld Theatre on June 19, 2002, and was released in the United States on June 21, by 20th Century Fox.

The U.S. government wishes to use "Precrime" across the country. Three "precogs" can see murders committed in the future, but not murders of passion. Precogs predict that John Anderton will murder Leo Crow. Anderton flees and goes to the home of the founder of precrime. Dr. Iris Hineman says that sometimes there is a conflict in vision called a "minority report." Anderton kidnaps the precog Agatha from the facility. They arrive at Crow's place. It has photos of Anderton's son, who had died. Anderton believes that Crow killed Anderton's son, but Crow says he was setting it all up. Crow wants Anderton to kill him to benefit his family. Crow kills himself. Eventually, Anderton learns that Director Burgess had manipulated Precrime so that he could commit a murder five years ago. He is exposed and commits suicide. The program of Precrime is finally shut down. 


The cast also features Jessica Capshaw as Evanna, Precrime's transport pilot, Tyler Patrick Jones as Sean Anderton, John and Lara's son supposedly murdered by Crow, Jason Antoon as Rufus T. Riley, cyber parlor proprietor; Nancy Linehan Charles as Celeste Burgess, Lamar's wife; Victor Raider-Wexler as Attorney General Arthur Nash, Arye Gross as Howard Marks, Ashley Crow as Sarah Marks, David Stifel as Lycon, Anna Maria Horsford as Casey, Joel Gretsch as Donald Dubin, Tom Choi as Nick Paymen, Caroline Lagerfelt as Greta van Eyck and William Mapother (Tom Cruise's cousin) as a hotel clerk.

Cameron Diaz, Cameron Crowe, and Paul Thomas Anderson make uncredited cameo appearances as subway passengers.

"Minority Report" received positive reviews from critics. It has about 90% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The website reads: "Thought-provoking and visceral, Steven Spielberg successfully combines high concept ideas and high octane action in this fast and febrile sci-fi thriller." On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 80 out of 100 based on 37 critic reviews, indicating "generally positive reviews".


Freedom Ship

Freedom Ship is a proposed seastead and arcology that would endlessly roam the seas. The hull of Freedom Ship would not be an ordinary ship hull, but rather a group of barges. The floating city would have a length of 1800 meters (1989 yards or 5908 feet) and a beam (width) of 250 meters (273 yards or 820ft) with 25 decks (storeys). There would be 50,000 dwelling units, 3,000 commercial units, 2,400 timeshare units and 10,000 hotel rooms, as well as its own subway type system. The "ship" would be far too big to dock at most ports and thus would have smaller dinghy farries to shuttle passengers to and from shore.

Space elevator

A space elevator is a theoretical transportation device for cheaply sending people and cargo into orbit. If one can be built, a space elevator would make it possible to go to outer space without inefficient and often single use rockets, lowering the average cost to launch from the current average of $10,000 to $25,000 per kilogram to as little as $100 per kilo, thus making widespread civilian space travel and colonization economically feasible. The elevator would consist of a cable or tower stretching to a mid or geostationary orbit, with two tethers, one at the surface and the other at a space station. Some kind of climbing vehicle would go up and down it. No known building material is strong enough and with a low enough density to build a space elevator, but a material like carbon nanotubes could be it.

Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid

The Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid is a proposed pyramid shaped arcology that would be 2004 metres (2194 yards or 6,575ft ) tall. The geodesic pyramid would have the same proportions as the Great Pyramid of Giza, but unlike the Great Pyramid, would not be enclosed. Instead, each truss in the superstructure would hold a skyscraper.

James Baker (New Zealand cricketer)

James David Baker was born on 16 February 1988 in Tokoroa. He is a cricketer from New Zealand who played 4 Twenty20 Internationals for Samoa in 2019.

List of Bahrain Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Bahraini Twenty20 International cricketers.

Aviator glasses

Aviator glasses are sunglasses or eyeglasses with a double nose bridge and usually teardrop shaped lenses. Aviator glasses were originally made by Bausch and Lomb ( the company that would become Ray-Ban) for pilots in Second World War to protect their eyes while flying at high altitudes, and the glasses resemble pilot's goggles. Aviator glasses are not only made by RayBan, but also Randolph Engineering, American Optical, (the latter made the sunglasses worn by the Apollo program astronauts enroute to the Moon). As clear lens or slightly tinted eyeglasses, aviators were most popular during the 1970s to 1990s. As sunglasses, the style is most associated with police officers.

Bausch &amp; Lomb

Bausch and Lomb was an eye care products company that morphed into Ray-Ban.

American Optical Company

American Optical or AO Eyewear is an American company that designs, makes and sells eyeglasses, especially sunglasses. American Optical was founded in 1869 when two eyeglass-makers merged in Southbridge, Massachusetts. The company has been in operation since then. It is most well known for having made Aviator glasses for the Apollo program astronauts as well as the United States military.

Randolph Engineering

Randolph Engineering is an American company that manufactures and sells eyeglasses. Their main products are sunglasses and shooting safety glasses. The company is based in Randolph, Massachusetts. It dates to 1972. Along with American Optical, it is a contractors for the United States military.

Randolph, Massachusetts

Randolph, Massachusetts is a suburb of Boston, Massachusetts and is notable for being home to the glasses company, Randolph Engineering. This suburb is its own city and was named after Continental Congressman Peyton Randolph.

Ray-Ban Wayfarer

Wayfarer glasses are thick-framed, usually plastic/acetate eyeglasses or sunglasses with square or trapezoidal rims. The style was invented by Ray-Ban in 1956 and represented a refreshing break from the metal wire-rim glasses of the past. The original design resembles Cadillac tail fins. Wayfarer glasses are seen by many as synonymous with punk, hipster or "geek chic" style.

Horn-rimmed glasses

Horn-rimmed glasses are styles of eyeglasses with thicker acetate frames. Originally, the glasses were made of tortoiseshells or the horns of certain animals, but due to endangered species and environmentalist laws, shells and horns are no longer used. These glasses have become a popular geek-chic and hipster fashion item.

Contractor

A contractor is a person or company that performs work on a contract basis. The term may refer to:


GI glasses

GI glasses are prescription glasses from the United Sates military. They are given to soldiers and sailors, especially during basic training (boot camp). GI glasses have been officially known as Regulation Prescription Glasses (RPG) or similar names. A nickname for GI glasses is "Birth control glasses". Contact lenses are never permitted during basic training. 

Similar glasses without any metal may be issued to inmates at state and federal prisons.

Self-replicating machine

A self-replicating machine is a hypothetical machine that can make copies of itself.


Self-replicating spacecraft

Self-replicating spacecrafts, or Von-Neumann probes, are self-replicating machines. 

Hypothetically, they might one day exist. They would do it by removing material from asteroids, comets, planets etc to make more of themselves. The idea has figured in some space fiction writing, including "".

Grey goo

Grey goo or gray goo is an apocalyptic scenario involving molecular nanotechnology in which self-replicating machines consume all the matter on their home planet, then their planetary system, galaxy and possibly the entire universe to make more of themselves.

Paperclip maximizer

The Paperclip maximizer is a thought experiment and theory about self-replicating machines in which they turn everything into paperclips.

Molecular nanotechnology

Molecular nanotechnology is advanced nanotechnology that operates on the molecular scale.

Rivet spectacles

Rivet spectacles were the earliest known style of eyeglasses, dating back to the medieval period. They consist of two magnifying glass type objects attached at the handles to one another with rivets.

Pince-nez

Pince-nez (French for "nose pinchers") are eyeglasses without temple arms. They were relatively common during the 19th century.

Applied physics

Applied physics is a branch of physics with practical applications.

Central League

The Central League is a major baseball league in Japan.

Battle of Nicosia Airport

Nicosia International Airport () was Cyprus' main airport before the Turkish invasion.It is 5 km as the crow flies west of the Cypriot Presidential Palace. The longest runway is 2.7km. It was very strategically important as a major transport route for the island.

After the coup on 15 July 1974, Turkey using the justification of the power it thought it had via the Treaty of Guarantee to launch an invasion on the 20 July 1974. It began in the early hours of 20 July 1974 with Turkish paratroopers being dropped in the Capital of Nicosia mainly into the Turkish enclave of Kioneli and with an amphibious landing in Kyrenia supported by heavy airstrikes from the Turkish Air Force.

The 32nd Strike Company of the 33rd Commando was ordered to make a perimeter around Nicosia Airport.

Turkish troops were landing on Kyrenia, bombings had begun on the airport by the Turkish Air Force.

In the early morning of 21 July, the airport's runway was again a target of the Turkish Air Force.

After a day of fighting in Cyprus, the Greek junta under Dimitrios Ioannidis' leadership, decided to send the A' Raider Squadron, based in Crete, whose Commander was Major George Papameletiou, to help the Cypriot National Guard against the invasion with the operation being called Niki. At 22:35 pm the 15 Noratlas planes took off from Souda Air Force base. Only 13 of the 15 made it to Nicosia Airport, the other two landed in either Crete or Rhodes. At about 2:00 am, the first aircraft with codenames "Niki 1" and "Niki 2" landed. Due to miscommunication, they came under heavy fire from Cypriot anti-air fire. That downed "Niki 4", killing 32 Commandos.

A ceasefire was signed by both sides and was to take effect on 22 July from 16:00. During the day the Turkish Air Force took what advantage they had before the ceasefire. They bombed the airport destroying parts of the runway. At 16:00 when the ceasefire had taken effect, the 33rd Commando Battalion received intelligence that Turkish Military was preparing a surprise attack and subsequent takeover of the airport. The Commandos took security measures without any reinforcements being sent to them. At about 16:45 after the ceasefire had taken effect, the Turkish Air Force with 6 F-104 and 2 F-100 Super Sabre aircraft had begun bombing the airport again and destroyed a Cyprus Airways Trident.

On the morning of 23 July, more attacks on the airport had begun. Units from the Greek A' Raider Squadron (41st Strike Team) began arriving at the airport (After being placed in barracks elsewhere), armed with a few light machine guns, one 90mm recoilless rifle and one Browning 30mm.

The Commandos saw enemy infantry units getting closer to the airport fence and were ordered to fire warning shots. It became apparent to them that the Turkish Armed Forces were attempting to outflank them.

At 11 am the main battle began with Turkish tanks (Likely M47s) and mortars beginning to fire on Greek positions. As elements of the 3rd Strike Company began arriving at the airport, they came under heavy fire from attacking forces. The cars containing Majors Avramides and Kyriakos were hit. The cars fell into a ditch, and a heavy firefight ensued and eventually broke out of the kill zone. As this was happening, Turkish armored units began moving towards the west of the airport in an attempt to cover the Turkish infantry units coming in from the north and thus creating a form backward "L" Flanking maneuver. Commander Papameletious's car also fell under fire and the car was immobilized a few hundred meters away from the main gates of the airport. Papameletious took fire from both Turkish positions and from UNFICYPs barracks. He was eventually set free with the help of a BTR; By the end 1 Commando had been mortally wounded.

By the afternoon of the 23rd, the attacks were repelled by the defending forces with the Turkish forces making a hasty retreat.

Horology

Horology is the study of the measurement of time. The word comes from the Latin "horologium." It dates back to ancient civilizations who water clocks to measure time. Now, we use more accurate timekeeping devices, such as mechanical clocks and wristwatches. Today, atomic clocks, which use the vibrations of atoms to keep time, are the most accurate timekeeping devices in existence.

Default

Default is an Canadian rock band formed in 1999.


The House of Lies (1916 movie)

The House of Lies is a 1916 American silent drama movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Edna Goodrich, Juan de la Cruz, Kathleen Kirkham, Lucille Ward, Herbert Standing. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Big Fix (1978 movie)

The Big Fix is a 1978 American comedy thriller movie directed by Jeremy Kagan and was based on the novel by Roger L. Simon. It stars Richard Dreyfuss, John Lithgow, Susan Anspach, F. Murray Abraham, Fritz Weaver, Ron Rifkin and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Loft apartment

A loft apartment is a type of apartment. It is usually in a building that used to be a warehouse or factory. It is easy to change the layout in a loft. Hard loft apartments are units in converted historic industrial buildings. Soft lofts are units meant to look like former industrial spaces but in newer buildings that were built to be apartments.

Sick Abed

Sick Abed is a 1920 American silent comedy movie directed by Sam Wood and was based on the 1918 play by Ethel Watts Mumford. It stars Wallace Reid, Bebe Daniels, Tully Marshall, John Steppling, Winifred Greenwood, Robert Bolder and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Loft (area)

A loft is an alcove or room that sits above and is open to a lower level. Lofts can be used for storage, sleeping, etc. A loft with completely vertical walls can be called a mezzanine.

Domenic Sarno

Domenic J. Sarno (born May 4, 1963) is the current mayor of Springfield, Massachusetts. First elected in 2007, Sarno has won re-election three times since and is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the longest-serving mayor in Springfield.

Kim Driscoll

Kimberley Driscoll (born August 12, 1966) is an American politician and lawyer. Since 2023, she has been the 73rd lieutenant governor of Massachusetts under Governor Maura Healey. She was also the mayor of Salem from 2006 to 2023.

Tom Carvel

Tom Carvel (born Athanasios Karvelas (Greek: Ἀθανάσιος Καρβέλας); July 14, 1906 – October 21, 1990) was a Greek-born American businessman. He is known for the promotion of ice cream in the northeastern United States. He was the founder of the Carvel brand and franchise.

Susie Castillo

Susie Castillo (born October 27, 1979) is an American actress, TV host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who held the Miss USA title and competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants. She pursued a career in the media, making various television appearances and hosting shows such as MTV's Total Request Live as a VJ.

Ashley Moody

Ashley Brooke Moody (born March 28, 1975) is an American politician and attorney serving as 38th attorney general of Florida since 2019. Moody also served as a judge with the Thirteenth Judicial Court of Florida from 2007 to 2017.

Francis García

Francis García (born José Francisco García Escalante on April 6, 1958 – October 10, 2007) and known by the artistic name "Francis" was a Mexican entertainer who was a famous actress, vedette and stage costume designer.

Juan Carlos Esguerra Portocarrero

Juan Carlos Esguerra Portocarrero (born March 13, 1949) is a Colombian lawyer and politician. He has served in the Colombian Government as the 7th Minister of Justice and Law, the 28th Ambassador of Colombia to the United States, and as Minister of National Defence.

Juan Carlos Pinzón

Juan Carlos Pinzón Bueno (born December 22, 1972 in Bogotá) is a Colombian diplomat, politician and economist. He is the current Ambassador of Colombia to the United States and former Minister of Defence. Pinzon comes from a military family, his father was a Colonel in the Colombian Army.

Rubén Salazar Gómez

Jesús Rubén Darío Salazar Gómez (Spanish pronunciation: [ruˈβen salaˈsaɾ ˈɣomes]; born 22 September 1942) is a Colombian prelate of the Catholic Church who was Metropolitan Archbishop of Bogotá from 2010 to 2020. He was made a cardinal in 2012. He was Metropolitan Archbishop of Barranquilla from 1999 to 2010.

Raquel Garza

Raquel Garza is a Mexican actress and comedian.

Rebecca Lynn Howard

Rebecca Lynn Howard (born April 24, 1979) is an American country music artist. She has charted seven singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and has released three studio albums. Her highest-charting single, "Forgive", peaked at No. 12 on the country music charts in 2002. She is a founding member of the country-rock group Loving Mary.

Tatu Baby

Katherine "Kat" Flores (born October 28, 1987), known professionally as Tatu Baby, is an American tattoo artist and reality television personality.
She was a contestant on Ink Master season 2 in 2012, where she placed fourth, followed by season 3 of the same show in 2013, where she placed third. She currently stars as a main cast member in Cartel Crew (2019–present), another reality television show based on people who have connections to drug cartels. 
Tatu Baby has remained active as a tattoo artist in Miami, Florida.

Shaunie O'Neal

Va'Shaundya Karlette "Shaunie" Nelson (born November 27, 1974) is an American television personality, entrepreneur, philanthropist. She is also one of the executive producers of VH-1's reality TV series, Basketball Wives, Basketball Wives LA, and Baller Wives. She was a film marketer and wife of former NBA player Shaquille O’Neal.

Evelyn Lozada

Evelyn Alexandra Lozada (born December 10, 1975) is an American television personality, model, and spokesperson. Lozada is best known as one of the six main cast members in the VH1 reality series Basketball Wives throughout its run beginning in 2010.

Draya Michele

Andraya Michele Howard (born January 23, 1985) is an American television personality, model, actress, and fashion designer.

Andraya Michele was born and raised in Reading, Pennsylvania. She has two children. She has one child with her ex-fiancé. She has another with Orlando Scandrick. She is of African-American and Italian descent.

Michele first came to the attention of the public as the girlfriend of Chris Brown. She was part of the first cast of the VH1 series "Basketball Wives LA" in 2011. In the same year, she had her first acting role in "Will to Love" with Keshia Knight-Pulliam and Marques Houston. She was a part of the cast of "Basketball Wives LA" until the end of the fourth season in 2015. She had a small role in the 2016 movie "The Perfect Match".

She owns many fashion lines. These include her swimwear line "Mint Swim" launched in 2011 and her clothing line "Fine Ass Girls" launched in 2013. In November 2016, she started another clothing line, "Beige & Coco".



The Dooley and Pals Show

The Dooley and Pals Show, sometimes shortened to just Dooley and Pals, is an American children's television series.

The Big Comfy Couch

The Big Comfy Couch () is a Canadian children's television series. 
The programs is known as Le Monde de Loonette [English: The World of Loonette or Loonette's World] when broadcast in Quebec and France, and El sofa da la imaginación [English: The Couch of Imagination] when broadcast in Latin America and Spain.
It aired from March 2, 1992, until December 29, 2006. It was produced by Cheryl Wagner and Robert Mills, directed by Wayne Moss, Robert Mills and Steve Wright. It premiered on March 2, 1992, in Canada and on January 9, 1995, in the United States on PBS stations across the country. The program was also broadcast on Treehouse TV from 1997 to 2011.

Hi-5 (American TV series)

Hi-5 (also known as Hi-5 USA) is an American children's television series. It was produced by Kids Like Us. It aired on Discovery Kids and TLC on the Ready Set Learn blocks of both networks. It is based on the original Australian series of the same name. The program is known for its educational content and pop music appeal. The series premiered on February 24, 2003. The program was nominated for three Emmy Awards.

The show centers around a band called Hi-5 ( Kimee Balmilero, Karla Mosley, Curtis Cregan, Jennifer “ Jenn “ Korbee & Shaun Taylor-Corbett ) as they perform songs, read stories, play games and have fun together.

Song of the Week - The Cast of Hi-5 perform a song based on the episode’s topic. much like the original show, the Song of the Week appears 10 times in 5 episodes from the beginning of the episode to the end of the episode.

Sharing Stories - The Cast of Hi-5 ( Chatterbox in Episode 1 ) would read aloud stories not focusing on the episode’s topic. After the stories were done, the segment transferred to the Song of the Week segment at the end of the show.

Puzzles and Patterns - The segment focuses on Kimee doing something that focuses on the topic, but a purple tentacle-like troublemaking monster named Jup Jup ( portrayed and voiced by Curtis Cregan ) creates problems for what Kimee is doing. Jup Jup is not seen by anyone in the show. ( except in an episode where Chatterbox finds him when she was looking for a friend. ) Jup Jup is one of the two characters that appeared on the original Australian show and came back to the USA show.

Kidsongs

Kidsongs is an American children's media franchise. It includes Kidsongs Music Video Stories on DVD and video, The Kidsongs TV Show, CDs of favorite children's songs, song books, sheet music, toys and an e-commerce website. 

It was created by producer/writer Carol Rosenstein and director Bruce Gowers of Together Again Video Productions (TAVP), both of whom are music video and television production veterans. They had produced and directed over 100 music videos for Warner Records (WBR) and took their idea of music videos for children to the record label.































Blue's Clues &amp; You!

Blue's Clues & You! is an American live-action educational television series for children. It was developed by Traci Paige Johnson and Angela C. Santomero for Nickelodeon. The series is a revival of the 1996–2006 "Blue's Clues" television series. Josh Dela Cruz is the host of the series. It is produced by Canadian animation studios 9 Story Media Group, and Brown Bag Films and Produced In Association With YTV It's first broadcast was on Nickelodeon and YTV on November 11, 2019.

Blue's Room

Blue's Room is an American kids' puppet television series spin-off from Blue's Clues. It was created by Traci Paige Johnson and Angela Santomero. The show aired on Nickelodeon as part of its Nick Jr. block, and it started out as short segments on Blue's Clues episodes in Season 6 from February 8, 2004 to March 29, 2007. It is produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Joshua Jones (TV series)

Joshua Jones was a British stop motion children's television series produced by Bumper Films in 1992.

Rocky Hollow

Rocky Hollow was a 1983 stop motion animation children's television series made in Wales and produced by Rockscene Ltd. The show was narrated by Peter Sallis, who later became the voice of Ratty in The Wind in the Willows and the voice of Wallace in Wallace & Gromit. This was the first children's television show to be produced by Bumper Films for S4C. These were in production with S4C, Mike Young Productions and Prism Art and Design Ltd.

Robert H. Smith (philanthropist)

Robert Hilton Smith (July 21, 1928 – December 29, 2009) was an American builder-developer and philanthropist. He took over his father's real estate development business. Smith developed much of the Crystal City neighborhood, south of Washington, D.C.

Brush Script

Brush Script is a casual connecting script typeface. It was designed in 1942 by Robert E. Smith for the American Type Founders (ATF).

Mistral (typeface)

Mistral is a casual script typeface. It was designed by Roger Excoffon for the "Fonderie Olive" type foundry, and released in 1953. The Amsterdam Type foundry released a version in 1955.

Harald Bohr

Harald August Bohr (22 April 1887 – 22 January 1951) was a Danish mathematician and footballer.

After receiving his doctorate in 1910, Bohr became a mathematician. He founded the field of almost periodic functions.

His brother was the Nobel Prize-winning physicist Niels Bohr.

He was a member of the Danish national football team for the 1908 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal at there.

Old quantum theory

Quantum theory is the basis of modern physics. It explains the behavior of matter and energy on the atomic and subatomic level.

Warren's tree frog

Warren's tree frog ("Tepuihyla warreni") is a frog. It lives in Guyana. Scientists have seen it on Mount Roraima and Mount Ayanganna.

Human rights in Suriname

Suriname faces various human rights issues. It is from the beginning of the country's history with their native Maroons. The issues are corruption, human trafficking, abuse and violence against women and children, child labour, and criminal defamation laws.

Human rights in Benin

The human rights situation in Benin is considered to be generally above average for sub-Saharan Africa.

Human rights in Cameroon

As of 2020, Cameroon "currently prosecutes consensual same sex conduct more aggressively than almost any country in the world".

Human rights in Gabon

Gabon, also known as the Gabonese Republic is a sovereign state located in Central Africa along the Atlantic coastline. Gabon gained its independence from France in 1960. Human rights are rights that are inherent and universal to all human beings. Typical human rights include, freedom of speech, freedom of slavery, freedom of fair representation, a right to adequate living standards and exclusion of child labour.

Human rights in Senegal

In 2016, Senegalese President Macky Sall has said he will never legalize gay sex. He said: "Never, under my authority, will homosexuality be legalized in the Senegalese lands."

Human rights in Sierra Leone

Human rights in Sierra Leone are very bad in Sierra Leone. They have improved slowly since the end of its civil war in 2002. Among the major human-rights problems in Sierra Leone are "security force abuse and use of force with detainees, including children; conditions in prisons and jails; people being arrested without reason; long detention, excessive bail, and bad legal representation; interference with freedom of speech and press; using force against demonstrators; corruption; discrimination and violence against women, discrimination based on sexual orientation; female genital mutilation (FGM); child abuse; human trafficking, including children; and forced child labor".

Sierra Leone has agreed to or ratified the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman and Degrading Treatment or Punishment, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights.

In September 2011, Sierra Leone's First UPR Report was adopted by the UN Human Rights Council (HRC) in Geneva. Of the 129 recommendations made by the review committee on 5 May 2011, the government of Sierra Leone said that it had already implemented 57.

In November 2012, Sierra Leone was elected to the U.N. Human Rights Council.

Male homosexuality is illegal but female is not. People who are known to be gay suffer social discrimination. There are secret LGBT support groups in the country. Lesbians are often raped. These rapes are often planned by their families with the intention of "turning them straight".

Human rights in Togo

Togo's constitution and laws forbid discrimination "based on race, gender, religion, disability, language, or social status". Although these prohibitions are not enforced enough. 

Togo's constitution and laws guarantee freedom of speech and of the press, but there are considerable restrictions on those rights. Many journalists are being fined or sued for defamation. Some are engaging in self-censorship to avoid lawsuits or violent reprisals.

R211 (New York City Subway car)

The R211 is a class of New Technology Trains currently being built by Kawasaki Railcar Manufacturing for the B Division on the New York City Subway and the Staten Island Railway. The order consists of three subunits referred to as the R211A, R211T, and the R211S. The R211As and R211Ts are to perform revenue service on the B Division whereas the R211S will do so on the Staten Island Railway. 

Delivery of the R211 cars began at the end of June 2021. They contain new features such as wider doors, Wi-Fi, LED-lit doorways, improved digital displays, and open gangways.

The majority of the fleet will replace the 748-car R46 fleet. The contract is split into three parts: R211A, R211S, and R211T.

If all options are exercised, the order would total 1,612 cars, or 640 standard cars and 437 gangway cars. Any extra cars that do not replace existing rolling stock will be used to expand the fleet.

The doors on the R211s are 58 inches (150 cm) wide, wider than the current MTA standard of 50 inches (130 cm). This design change partially incorporates a design feature of the R110A prototype subway cars. The new doors are projected to reduce station dwell time by 25 to 30 percent.

The new cars have Wi-Fi installed, USB chargers, digital advertisements, digital customer information displays, illuminated door opening alerts, and security cameras, unlike the current New York Technology Trains, which lack these features. Each car contains an on-board computer system that could detect breakdowns in critical systems such as braking and door-opening.

Exterior features include large windows, LED headlights, and a blue strip with gold accents on the sides. Features similar to trains with rollsigns (R40 to R68A).

Changes to the R211 include updated FIND displays and flip seats for wheelchairs. Looped stanchions are installed on all R179 cars, as well as some R46, R62A, and R160 cars. The R211 was part of an action plan to fix the subway's state of emergency in 2017.

In addition to various screens throughout the train, touch screen displays are present throughout the subway cars, allowing people to zoom in and out of the map.

All R211A and R211T cars are equipped for CBTC in conjunction with the ongoing automation of the B Division lines. All R211S cars are equipped with cab signaling.

The R211 Design Master Plan was approved by the MTA in December 2011. The order was planned to be 75 feet (23 m) in length, the same length as the R46 cars. Open-gangways, which would allow passengers to seamlessly walk throughout the train or units were also considered.

The contract was originally supposed to be awarded in early 2017, but was pushed back to mid-2017. The base order consisted of 285 cars, with 10 R211T cars, 75 R211S cars, and 200 R211A cars. There were two option orders; the first option order contained 740 cars.

On April 24, 2017, the breakdown of the order was changed again. The base order now includes 535 cars, with 10 R211T cars, 75 R211S cars, and 450 R211A cars. This change was made to allow for faster deliveries of the R211 cars.

In May 2017, the MTA quietly built a mockup of the R211 in a sparsely-used section of the 34th Street-Hudson Yards station's mezzanine. The model was completed and made publicly accessible from November 30 to December 6, 2017.

In August 2017, Bombardier Transportation was banned from bidding on the R211 contract due to various delays and problems associated with the R179 contract. Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Alstom Transport were seen as two of the likely bidders for the contract.

The MTA Board has awarded Kawasaki Rail Car, Inc, a subsidiary of Kawasaki Heavy Industries of Kobe, Japan, the $1.4 billion base order for the first 535 new R211 cars. The cars are anticipated to be delivered from 2020 to 2023.

Kawasaki has announced that the first test trains will be delivered in 2020. The cars are being assembled at factories in Lincoln, Nebraska and Yonkers, New York. Kawasaki also announced that there would be two option orders, with the first consisting of 640 cars in 89 sets.

The entire order will consist of 1,612 cars with both options exercised. The delivery of the base order is scheduled to be completed by August 2023, with option 1 and option 2 completed by December 2024 and October 25, respectively. In October 2018, it was confirmed that the second option order would consist of 89 sets from 437 cars.

The first R211A train was scheduled to be delivered in July 2020, but was delayed to January 2021. The first two test trains of ten R211T open-gangway cars would have been delivered in May 2021. Thereafter, new R211 cars would've been produced and delivered at a rate of 40 cars per month.

A decision on whether to continue deliveries of Kawasaki's R211 open-gangway or standard trainsets has been put on hold until the end of the year. If the two option orders of 1,077 cars were exercised, deliveries would have continued through late 2025.

Delivery of the first cars for the R211T and R211S test trains was delayed. The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic had impacted global supply chains. Kawasaki planned to deliver 22 cars per month, an independent engineering consultant for the MTA described as "aggressive".

Delivery of the first cars for the R211A and R211T test trains has been delayed again. Delivery of the base order of R211As had to be underway by November 2023 so there would be enough cars to test a communications-based train control (CBTC) system.

The first set of R211As was delivered to the New York City Transit Authority in June 2021. The test train was delivered despite a lack of staff in Nebraska and a shortage of important parts. It was prepared at Coney Island Yard for several weeks before being tested.

Human rights in Ivory Coast

Ivory Coast is a sub-Saharan nation in West Africa. 
It is a representative presidential democracy where rights are protected in the constitution, international law, and common law. As a member of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, it is a party to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights.

Male prostitution in Pakistan

Male prostitutes in Pakistan usually range from 15 to 25 years of age , but a few of them are in their early 30s while some are as young as 13. Prostitution is a short-term profession — there is an age limit, says a retired prostitute. 

Male and gay prostitution is increasing in Pakistan, though gay prostitution is not a recent phenomenon in the country. British explorer Richard Francis Burton, who visited the Sindh region long before the British conquest, documented a brothel of boy prostitutes in Karachi. Today many areas of large cities in the country have become virtual red-light districts for gay sex. Male prostitutes operate their business in every city and major town in Pakistan. Clients of male prostitutes come from every class, age group and profession. Homosexual men belonging to the upper and middle classes frequently pick up male prostitutes from video game shops, restaurants and cold-drinks spots. 

Many boys are frequently used by the police without getting paid. Plainclothes police officers are often involved in the extortion and blackmail of male prostitutes.

Male prostitution has become common place in the Pakistani province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and has taken roots in the society as a norm and sign of financial muscle. Bacha bazi as it is known, where children especially young boys are dressed as women and forced to sing and dance in front of men, who later take them for sexual pleasure and pay the family dowry.

Ghera language

Ghera is a Indo-Aryan language of Hyderabad, Pakistan. It is very closely related to Urdu and Gurgula.

Gurgula language

Gurgula is a variety of Rajasthani spoken in Sindh, Pakistan.

35th New York Infantry Regiment

The 35th New York Infantry Regiment, also called the Jefferson County Regiment, was an infantry regiment of the Union Army in the American Civil War.

The 35th New York Infantry Regiment was allowed to be created by the New York state government on May 25, 1861. The regiment was created in Elmira on June 11, 1861. The soldiers of the regiment left New York State on July 9, 1861.

There were 10 outposts of the 35th New York Infantry regiment:

The regiment was camped on Meridian Hill, then it moved to Arlington House and did construction work on Fort Tillinghast and Fort Craig. The regiment then moved to Falls Church, Virginia from Winter 1861 to 1862. The regiment left the camp in March 1862, for the Manassas movement and moved to Falmouth, Virginia in April. In late August 1862, the regiment fought in the First Battle of Rappahannock Station. The regiment fought in the second battle of Bull Run. 13 soldiers were killed in the Battle of South Mountain, and 67 soldiers were killed in the Battle of Antietam. The regiment was camped at Sharpsburg, Maryland in October 1862.

1,250 people volunteered to be a soldier in the 35th New York Infantry regiment. 1 officer and 25 soldiers in the regiment were killed in action.





El Al Flight 1862

El Al Flight 1862 was an aviation accident that took place on October 4, 1992 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. A Boeing 747 cargo jet from the Israeli airline El Al, coming from New York, made a stopover at the Amsterdam-Schiphol airport to refuel its tanks and carry out various operations on the ground. After this technical stop, the flight was scheduled to continue its journey to Tel Aviv. A few minutes after takeoff, engine number 3 fell off due to metal fatigue with the pins that connected the engine pylon to the wing. Engine number 3 proceeded to knock off engine number 4 from the right wing. The aircraft became uncontrollable and crashed in an Amsterdam neighborhood called Bijlmermeer. For this reason, the accident is also known as the Bijlmer Disaster.

All 4 of the occupants on board were killed, along with 43 ground fatalities when the Boeing 747 slammed into an 11 story apartment building.

The crash is the deadliest aviation disaster to occur in the Netherlands.

The crash was depicted in National Geographic documentaries Seconds From Disaster episode "Amsterdam Air Crash" and Air Crash Investigation episode "High Rise Catastrophe".

Xanadu (Rush song)

Xanadu is a song by the Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is from the band’s 1977 album "A Farewell to Kings". It is about eleven minutes long, starting with a five-minute-long instrumental section. Then it moves to a story written by Neil Peart. That story was inspired by the Samuel Taylor Coleridge poem Kubla Khan.

In the lyrics, the narrator talks about looking for a place called "Xanadu" that will make him live forever. After he finds it, a thousand years pass. The narrator is left "waiting for the world to end", talking about himself as "a mad immortal man".

The song is based on the poem Kubla Khan. This poem was written by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Although the song does not say where "Xanadu" is, mentions of Kubla Khan hint that it is a mythical place based on Shangdu, the historical summer capital of the Mongol Empire.

Rolling Stone magazine readers asked about the top 10 Rush songs of all time voted "Xanadu" as number six.


Televizija OBN

Televizija OBN or OBN TV is a television channel based in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was launched in July 23, 1996.

Telefe Noticias

Telefe Noticias is the news unit of the Argentine television network Telefe. It is responsible for the production of four newscasts, a web portal and pages on social networks. It covers both Argentine and international news, along with live coverage, special reports and specialist analysis.
The news editions are broadcast live to the rest of America and Europe by Telefe Internacional.

On March 7, 2022, Telefe Noticias renewed its graphics, its studio and its musical curtain.

In 1976, the year in which the military dictatorship calling itself the Argentine National Reorganization Process began, the channel was administered by the Argentine Air Force. With this, the quality of the news takes on a more officialist tone than it had before, but stronger due to censorship and the absence of freedom of expression promulgated by the de facto government.

In December 1983, when democracy returned, The argentine President Raúl Alfonsín appointed an inspector for the channel that continued with the officialist tone, but with more freedom of the press and without implanting the terrorism characteristic of the previous government. The news show is renamed to "The News" in January 1984.

On January 15, 1990, after the tender for the privatization of Channel 11 in Buenos Aires, which would be renamed Telefe, the newscast changed its name again, first to simply First Edition and Second Edition; and later to Telefe Noticias on July 30, 1990. In 1991 the extra edition was broadcast late at night for coverage of the Gulf War.

In 1993, the information direction of Telefe decided to launch a new news channel, which it called "Red de Noticias" and would compete with the Artear Todo Noticias signal. With this, Telefe Noticias concentrated the most important news and in the satellite signal other journalistic programs that would complement the information. Journalists such as Rosario Lufrano, Fanny Mandelbaum, Ulises Lencina, Laly Cobas, Carlos Asnaghi, Guillermo Barletta and Amalia Rosas, manage to consolidate themselves in the newscasts of both channels.

However, in 1998, Red de Noticias ceased its broadcasts due to low audience levels, despite the fact that some of the journalists who were fired, such as Mandelbaum, Lufrano, Lencina, Cobas and Asnaghi, denounced censorship by the company.

On April 5, 1999, after the closure of Red de Noticias and the layoffs, the central edition (Second edition) of the news program was canceled despite measuring an average of 20 audience points per day. In this way, only one broadcast of the shipment remained on the air, at 12:00. The reasons for the closure would have been for political reasons, since in that same year there were general presidential elections.

However, three years later, after the economic crisis in Argentina in 2001 and the successive changes in the national government, the evening edition resurfaced on August 12, 2002, now led by Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez. Omar Fajardo reinforces the first noon edition led by Jorge Jacobson and Paula Trapani.

As of 2003, in addition to the noon and evening editions already normalized, a third began to be broadcast at midnight, called at that time "Diario de Guerra" (War Diary). The program had a short duration of about 10 to 15 minutes and focused especially on the Iraq War. It was presented by the same journalists as in the central edition: Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez.

Months later, as the general national elections approached, the news program went from being called Diario de Guerra (War Diary) to Diario de elecciones (Elections Diary), now dedicated entirely to the candidates. But in 2004 it also began to deal with other types of news, nationally and internationally, with which it again changed its name to Diario de Medianoche (Midnight Diary), consolidating itself in that time slot.

After 13 years in front of the news, the journalist Jorge Jacobson, retires from the program in September 2010; he is replaced by Adrián Puente, an event that occurred on October 11 of that year, when Telefe Noticias also made a change of graphics and studio.

In 2009, the 4 editions of Telefe's news programs have been definitively consolidated, although they have changed their format and broadcast sections on entertainment, technology, information technology and research. It also launched its 2.0 website with 24-hour news programming.

The most important change, in addition to the format and the way of giving the news, are the modifications and extensions of schedules in order to increase the audience. The noon edition, which was 1 hour long, went on to last somewhere between 75 or 90 minutes and was moved to 13:00. The same thing happened with the 7:00 p.m. edition, which went on to air at 8:00 p.m. For 2021, these two editions are 75 minutes long.

On May 9, 2011, a new edition began, in the morning, called Baires Directo, which is hosted by Érica Fontana and Gustavo López; it has a tendency to journalistic magazine. Because of this, Fontana stopped hosting the Diario de Medianoche (Midnight Diary).

Its content manager, Francisco Mármol, announced on Twitter that a new edition would be released in 2013 that would air on weekends. On August 5, the studios are renewed for the third and last time with a new desk, newsroom in the background and central control of the newscast. On November 4 of the same year, Milva Castellini left Telefe Noticias at 13 to host Baires Directo and exchanged for her respective host, Érica Fontana.

In February 2014, Gustavo López left Baires Directo, being replaced by Adrián Puente.

On January 23, 2017, the noon news was moved to noon due to the premiere of ¿En que mano esta?.

On September 1, 2017, Telefe left the Carlos Calvo 1530 studios in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires to move to the new studios located in the Buenos Aires town of Martínez. On September 4, the studios and graphics of Telefe Noticias and Baires Directo were renewed, which was renamed Buen Telefe. which happens to be broadcast at 1:00 p.m. Adrián Puente hosts the morning news and other journalists. Milva Castellini returns to the 1:00 p.m. edition accompanied by Nicolás Repetto and Érica Fontana as co-hosts of the edition. The only news program that continues with the name Telefe Noticias is the one at 8:00 p.m., which is hosted by journalists Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez. On September 5, Diario de Medianoche was renamed Staff, hosted by Gisela Busaniche, Ignacio "Nacho" Girón, Federico Ini and Jowi Campobassi.
On August 3, 2020, Telefe Noticias relaunched Buen Telefe, with new graphics and a new studio, maintaining the musical curtains of 2017. In October, Telefe Noticias is launched as a television channel within the Pluto TV online platform, available to all Latin America.

On November 3, 2020, Telefe Noticias organized detailed coverage of the US elections in conjunction with CBS, since both networks belong to ViacomCBS.

On November 25, 2020, due to the death of Diego Maradona, there was a special coverage of 9 hours and 30 minutes, from 1:00 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.








James Galway

Sir James Galway (born 8 December 1939) is an Irish virtuoso flute player from Belfast, nicknamed "The Man with the Golden Flute". He established an international career as a solo flute player. In 2005, he received the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music at the Classic Brit Awards.


186th New York Infantry Regiment

The 186th New York Infantry Regiment was a regiment of the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was created on September 5, 1864 in Sackets Harbor. The regiment was mustered out on June 2, 1865. The colonel was Bradley Winslow.

The companies of the regiment were mustered in from September 5, 1864, to September 29, 1864. The soldiers in the regiment were some of the first soldiers to get inside of enemy fortifications in the Siege of Petersburg on April 2, 1865, and it helped to capture Fort Mahone. The regiment fought in the Battle of Boydton Plank Road from October 27, 1864 to October 28, 1864. The regiment fought in the Battle of Fort Stedman on March 25, 1865. The regiment fought in the Appomattox Campaign from March 28, 1865 to April 9, 1865. The regiment was mustered out on June 2, 1865. When the regiment was discharged, the soldiers were recruited to the 79th New York Infantry Regiment.

There were 10 companies of the 186th New York Infantry Regiment:


The colonel was Bradley Winslow. The Lieutenant Colonel was E. Jay Marsh. The Major was Abraham D. Sternberg.

The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange

The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange is an American live-action/animated television series. It was created by Aaron Horvath and Dane Boedigheimer for Cartoon Network. The series is based on the characters from the web series "The Annoying Orange". That series was created by Boedigheimer and Tom Sheppard. It was produced by Boedigheimer, Annoying Orange, Inc., Cartoon Network Studios, and Warner Bros. Animation. A preview of the series was broadcast on May 28, 2012. The official premiere was on June 11, 2012. The series ended in 2014. It had a total of two seasons and sixty episodes, with a total of thirty episodes per season.

Rodolfo Barili

Rodolfo Roque Hernani Barili (Born; November 30, 1972) is an Argentine journalist, broadcaster and television presenter. Since 2002, he has been the host and executive producer of Telefe Noticias on the central newscast at 20, together with the journalist Cristina Pérez. From 2010 to 2016, he served as journalistic manager for the three editions of the Telefe newscast.
Since October 5, 1993, he has worked as a journalist for Telefe Noticias, where he joined at the age of 20, while still a student, and has held the most varied positions within the news structure: chronicler, responsible for special reports, special envoy, election coordinator and live mobile, a task he performed daily, live from anywhere in the country, for four years until he was appointed presenter.

At that time he began hosting the nightly and early morning news segments of Red de Noticias, the network's 24-hour information channel.

Since August 12, 2002 she leads, together with Cristina Pérez, the central news broadcast of the channel.

For five years he was the host of Diario de Medianoche, a segment that was born as Diario de Guerra, the first thematic news program on Argentine television, which gave specific coverage to the Iraq conflict from its beginning. The good results gave rise to the need to create a nightly news broadcast, which Barili also hosted together with Pérez.

Throughout his career he has made the most varied coverage, including the attack on the AMIA, the Cromañón tragedy (hosting a special program lasting more than 6 hours), the institutional, political and social crisis of 2001 (conducted an exceptional broadcast after the fall of President Fernando De la Rúa and covered live the violent incidents from Plaza de Mayo and Plaza de Congreso that arrived in the following days). 

He investigated clandestine gambling in the country, bringing the faces of Argentina's most important "capitalists" to the national screen for the first time.  The investigation earned him a nomination for the TEA awards and also threats from those sectors, until then hidden and unpunished, denounced in court in 1998.
She has interviewed alone and live all the Constitutional Presidents of Argentina since the return of democracy (Raúl Alfonsín, Carlos Menem, Fernando De la Rúa, Néstor Kirchner, Mauricio Macri and Alberto Fernández), with the exception of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. 

He made special coverage of the María Soledad Morales cases (El Diario del Juicio), the 20 years of the Juicio a las Juntas in 2005 (he conducted a special broadcast of Diario de Medianoche live from the courtroom of the Federal Chamber), El Complot [2004] (program and research on the last days and fall of De la Rúa), Náufragos de la Vida [2004] (special program on recovery of addicts), 20 years of Democracy [2003] (live program from Plaza de May when the aforementioned anniversary is fulfilled on December 10), among others. 

In 2011, after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, he visited the country where the natural disaster occurred, together with Rubén Groba, manager and technician of the news program.  He covered from Hiroshima to Nagasaki. 

In 2012, on the occasion of the thirty years of the Malvinas War, Barili made a special report of different chapters on the life of the Argentines who inhabit the islands and participated in the war. 

Rodolfo Barili was moderator of the first televised presidential debate in Argentine history, in 2015. He also fulfilled the same role in the 2019 national elections, where he moderated one of the segments.

Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold

Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold is a 1986 American Israeli adventure comedy movie directed by Gary Nelson and is loosely based on the 1887 novel "Allan Quatermain" by H. Rider Haggard. It is the sequel to "King Solomon's Mines". It stars Sharon Stone, Richard Chamberlain, James Earl Jones, Henry Silva, Robert Donner, Larbi Doghmi, Cassandra Peterson and was distributed by Cannon Films. It was a box office disappointment.


Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon

Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon is the first studio album by American rapper Pop Smoke. It was released after his death on July 3, 2020, by Victor Victor Worldwide and Republic Records. A deluxe edition of the album that includes fifteen additional songs was released on Pop Smoke's birthday (July 20) of that year. The album is a drill, trap, and R&B record.

Following Pop Smoke's murder February 19, 2020, rapper 50 Cent executive-produced "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon". 50 Cent completed Pop Smoke's record by calling the featured artists and meeting the deadlines. After the album was completed, 50 Cent took Pop Smoke's mother to an awards event. Jess Jackson rebuilt the tracks, mixed and arranged the album to get the professional sound of a large recording studio. Pop Smoke had established the Shoot for the Stars Foundation before he died, with the objective of assisting children in reaching their goals while living and growing up in tough situations by giving access to technology and other services.

"Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" contains six singles. "For the Night" and "What You Know Bout Love" both reached the top-10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "The Woo", "Mood Swings", "Make It Rain", and "Hello" all reached the top-85. 

"Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States. It gave Pop Smoke his first number-one hit in that country. Following its release, all 19 tracks on the standard album charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100, giving the late rapper the most entries all together on the Hot 100 posthumously (after death). "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" spent 34 weeks in the top five of the "Billboard" 200, making it only the fourth album in the twenty-first century to do so. 

In April 2019, Pop Smoke was introduced to record executive Steven Victor by record producer Rico Beats. Pop Smoke told Victor after signing to Victor Victor Worldwide and Republic Records that he had previously sung for church services. In addition to rapping, he had experience as a singer. Pop Smoke performed an unreleased song called "Something Special" and a track called "What You Know Bout Love" for Victor. The latter song made a lasting impression on the Victor Victor executives, convincing them that Pop Smoke was more than "just another drill rapper from Brooklyn." Because Victor worked closely with rapper Kanye West as the chief operating officer of his record label GOOD Music at the time, Victor knew that many of rap's most popular musicians had been successful in introducing new sounds into the public. Pop Smoke would go on to make a series of mixtapes focused solely to Brooklyn drill. Pop Smoke would release his first album that showed his melodic side with bigger, more mainstream songs like "Something Special" after establishing himself as the "leader" of the subgenre that was growing in New York City.

On February 19, 2020, Pop Smoke was staying at a Airbnb owned by Teddi Mellencamp and her husband, Edwin Arroyave, in Hollywood Hills, California. Four hooded males broke into Pop Smoke's rental house. One of them was wearing a ski mask and was holding a gun. Pop Smoke was transported to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center where he died a short time later at the age of 20.

In March 2020, rapper 50 Cent said on his Instagram account that he had been listening to Pop Smoke's music and had chosen to work as executive producer on his new album. As the executive producer, 50 Cent contacted Roddy Ricch, Drake, and Chris Brown to see if they wanted to appear on the album. During an Instagram live a few weeks later, 50 Cent remembered a meeting he had with Pop Smoke in an office for the first time. When 50 Cent stood up, he saw that Pop Smoke was writing down everything he said on his phone. 50 Cent said that he had "fallen in love" with Pop Smoke and that he would executive produce his album. In a later interview with "Billboard", 50 Cent explained that he would not be paid as the album's executive producer since he wanted to finish it because of his relationship with Pop Smoke. Following the end of the production, 50 Cent helped Pop Smoke in honoring his wish to take his mother to an awards show. In January 2020, Pop Smoke began creating the Shoot for the Stars Foundation to assist young people in reaching their goals due to living and growing up in tough situations by providing access to technology and other tools. Pop Smoke's family announced that the foundation would continue after his death.

Pop Smoke had recorded the first songs for "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" before signing with Victor Victor Worldwide. Pop Smoke wanted to show how he had changed musically after finishing his first two mixtapes "Meet the Woo" (2019) and "Meet the Woo 2" (2020). Pop Smoke flew to Los Angeles in mid-February 2020 to record as much music as possible for the album. He recorded the album's final songs in the final days of his life. Pop Smoke and his team planned to finish the album in Los Angeles, during his first headlining concert tour, Meet the Woo Tour, in the first week of March 2020. While he was on tour, the record was supposed to be mixed and mastered.

"Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon", according to Danny Schwartz of "Rolling Stone", mixes "drill's swooping rhythms with austere Atlanta trap that Migos and Zaytoven mastered mid-decade". It has, according to Charles Lyons-Burt of "Slant Magazine", "ill-advised forays into R&B found on DaBaby's "Blame It on Baby"". The staff of "Billboard" said the album "gestures toward R&B and more soulful sounds". The album opens with "Bad Bitch from Tokyo", which has drumbeats, ad-libbed harmonies, crows cawing, and Pop Smoke rapping about his own death. "Aim for the Moon" featuring Quavo is a drill track that with braggadocio, hi-hats, and bass. Pop Smoke and Quavo rap about enjoying their wealth. 

"For the Night" featuring Lil Baby and DaBaby is a hip hop, trap, and soul song with lyrics about night-time occurrences. The song's main instruments are an acoustic guitar, folk flutes, heavily autotuned vocals, and processed moans from Lil Baby and DaBaby. "44 Bulldog", the fourth track, is a drill song with enigmatic barks and sung synth tones. The song was named after the Charter Arms Bulldog, double-action revolver. Pop Smoke claims to be the king of New York and shows his hate towards 6ix9ine on the R&B song "Gangstas", which has minimalist piano and snare drums. The drill tracks "Yea Yea" and "Creature" featuring Swae Lee are about a "tough-guy rapper pivot[ing] seamlessly into romance on the horizon," according to Craig Jenkins of "Vulture". "Snitching," a trap song featuring Quavo and Future, is a song in which Pop Smoke raps about the threats he faced daily, while Quavo and Future rap about how people should be aware about the world's traitors. "The Woo", a trap song featuring 50 Cent and Roddy Ricch, interpolates 50 Cent's tracks "Candy Shop" and "Hate It or Love It." 

"Make it Rain" which features rapper Rowdy Rebel. He was in prison at the time and had to record his verse by telephone. "West Coast Shit" featuring Quavo and Tyga interpolates the lyrics of Too Short's 2003 single, "Shake That Monkey". Pop Smoke and Tyga rap about the wonders of the United States' west coast. "Enjoy Yourself" featuring Karol G is a Latin trap and urbano with lyrics about a deep reflection on love. The song contains a sample of a song named "Drink Freely" by Moroccan-American rapper French Montana. "Something Special" is an R&B-bounce song that samples Fabolous' "Into You" from 2003. Pop Smoke is obsessed with his new partner and their new love in the lyrics. "Mood Swings", an R&B song featuring Lil Tjay, is about having sex with women who don't use birth control. An R&B track, "What You Know Bout Love" samples Ginuwine's song "Differences". The song, which has a hi-hat and finger snaps, is about Pop Smoke having passion for his lover. The R&B track "Diana", features King Combs and includes parts from Playa's 1998 single "Cheers 2 U". The lyrics are about Pop Smoke being lustful and taking a strong aim at love. "Got It on Me" is a hip hop track that interpolates 50 Cent's "Many Men (Wish Death)" lyrics. Pop Smoke begs his enemies for mercy in the lyrics. "Tunnel Vision (Outro)" is a drill track in which Pop Smoke looks foward to the future and wishes to make an impact in the music industry. The album ends with the bonus track "Dior", a drill and hip hop song about flirting with women and buying the most up-to-date expensive clothes.

Pop Smoke had wanted the album to be released in summer, close to his birthday on July 20. Before his murder, the album was to have been released on June 12, Memorial Day, an American federal holiday. Pop Smoke's team announced on May 14, 2020, that the album had a planned release date of June 12, 2020, The lead single "Make It Rain" was released on that date instead. Victor announced they had pushed the album's release back to July 3, 2020, due to the George Floyd protests against police brutality and racism. Pop Smoke's estate announced they had signed a co-publishing deal with Warner Chappell Music covering his past music and "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon".

The deluxe edition of the album was released on July 20, 2020, on what would have been Pop Smoke's 21st birthday. It features fifteen additional tracks, including remixes of three songs from the original album. The first single from the album, "Make it Rain", peaked at number 49 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It peaked within the top-75 of charts in Canada and the United Kingdom. "Enjoy Yourself" was released as a promotional single on July 2, 2020. It peaked at number 56 on the Hot 100. "The Woo" was released as the album's second single on July 8, 2020. An accompanying music video, which Eif Rivera directed, was released on July 20, 2020. The song peaked at number 11 on the Hot 100. It reached the top-10 in Canada, New Zealand, Portugal, and the United Kingdom. "The Woo" was nominated for Song of Summer at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards.

The album's third single "Mood Swings" was released on August 21, 2020. A visualizer for the track that featured Jordyn Woods and Dylan and Dakota Gonzalez, was released on August 20, 2020. Later, a music video for the song was directed by David Wept and was released on October 7, 2020. A remix featuring the voice of American singer Summer Walker was released as a single on September 18, 2020. "Mood Swings" reached number 17 on the Hot 100. It reached the top-10 in Australia, Denmark, Ireland, New Zealand, and the United Kindgom. It topped the charts in Portugal. "For the Night" was released as the album's fourth single on October 3, 2020. The song peaked at number six on the Hot 100, giving Pop Smoke his first top-10 hit in the United States. It further peaked with the top-10 in Canada, New Zealand, Norway, and Portugal. It was nominated for Best Collaboration at the 2021 BET Awards.

The album's fifth single "What You Know Bout Love" was released on October 30, 2020. Oliver Cannon directed the song's music video. The video was released on December 22, 2020. The song peaked at number nine on the Hot 100, giving Pop Smoke his second top-10 hit in the United States. It also reached the top-10 in Australia, Austria, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, and Switzerland. "What You Know Bout Love" was nominated for Favorite Rap/Hip Hop Song at the 2021 American Music Awards. It won Hip-Hop Song of the Year at the 2022 iHeartRadio Music Awards. "Hello" featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie was released as the album's sixth and final single on February 9, 2021. The song peaked at number 83 on the Hot 100 while reaching the top-80 in Austria, Canada, Ireland, and Switzerland.

Emma Coronel Aispuro

Emma Modesta Coronel Aispuro (; born July 2, 1989) is an American former teenage beauty queen.

Hans Island

Hans Island (Inuktitut and ; Inuktitut syllabics: ; ; ) is an uninhabited island with an area of . It is in the centre of the Kennedy Channel of Nares Strait. It is within the territorial waters of both Canada and Greenland (Denmark). 

The island has likely been part of Inuit hunting grounds since the 14th century. It was claimed by both Canada and Denmark until June 14, 2022, when both countries agreed to split the island in half. 

<mapframe text="The Hans Island border" latitude="80.826389" longitude="-66.458333" zoom="12" width="350" height="400" align="center">
</mapframe>

Magnolia (movie)

Magnolia is a 1999 American epic psychological drama movie written, directed and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson. It stars Jeremy Blackman, Tom Cruise, Melinda Dillon, Philip Baker Hall, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ricky Jay, William H. Macy, Alfred Molina, Julianne Moore, Michael Murphy, John C. Reilly, Jason Robards and Melora Walters. 

"Magnolia" received positive reviews. Cruise was nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the 72nd Academy Awards, and won the award in that category at the Golden Globes of 2000. 

Ronni Solbert

Romaine Gustave Solbert (September 7, 1925 – June 9, 2022) was an American artist, photographer, and author. She was known as an illustrator of books. Her best known work was "The Pushcart War". She illustrated books with her partner Jean Merrill.

Solbert died in Randolph, Vermont, on June 9, 2022, at the age of 96.

Richard Prosser

Richard Ivor Prosser (15 January 1967 – 10 June 2022) was a New Zealand politician, writer, and winemaker. He was a member of New Zealand First party and was a Member of parliament from 2011 to 2017. 

Prosser died in London, England on 10 June 2022 at the age of 55.

Joel Whitburn

Joel Carver Whitburn (November 29, 1939 – June 14, 2022) was an American author and music historian. He was born in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin. He was known for his work with "Billboard".

Whitburn died on June 14, 2022 at the age of 82.

Somewhere in the Night (movie)

Somewhere in the Night is a 1946 American psychological thriller movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz‎ and starring John Hodiak, Nancy Guild, Lloyd Nolan, Richard Conte, Josephine Hutchinson, Sheldon Leonard. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Gabino Díaz Merchán

Gabino Díaz Merchán (26 February 1926 – 14 June 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate, theologian, and philosopher. He was the Archbishop of Oviedo from 1969 to 2002 and the President of Episcopal Conference of Spain from 1981 to 1987. He was born in Toledo, Spain.

Díaz Merchán died on 14 June 2022 in Oviedo, Spain at the age of 96.

Giuseppe Pericu

Giuseppe Pericu (20 October 1937 – 13 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He later joined the Democratic Party of the Left in 1996. He was the mayor of Genoa from 1997 to 2007. He was born in Genoa. From 1994 until 1996, he was a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.

Pericu died on 13 June 2022 in Genoa at the age of 84.

Mayra Flores

Mayra Nohemi Flores (born January 1, 1986) is a Mexican-born American politician. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives for from 2022 to 2023.

She won the special election to replace former Congressman Filemon Vela Jr. She is the first Mexican-born woman to be a member of the United States Congress. 

Before her election to Congress, Flores used hashtags supporting the QAnon conspiracy theory on an Instagram post, though she has denied ever being a supporter of QAnon.

Flores lost her campaign for a full term in the November 2022 midterm elections to Democrat Vicente Gonzalez in the district that was redrawn that year. She left office in January 2023.

Flores was born in Mexico to migrant farmworkers. Her family moved to the U.S. when she was six years old and she gained American citizenship at 14. She was raised in Southern Texas. Even though she was raised in a conservative Democrat immigrant family in Texas, she said she supports the Republican Party because of her anti-abortion views.

Flores has worked as a respiratory therapist and lived in Los Indios, Texas. She is married to a U.S. Border Patrol agent and has four children.


Connie Conway

Connie Conway (born September 25, 1950) is an American politician. She is the U.S. representative for since 2022. She was a member of the California State Assembly from 2008 to 2014. She was a member of the board of supervisors for Tulare County from 2000 until 2008. Conway is a member of the Republican Party.

Carlos Ortiz (boxer)

Carlos Ortiz (September 9, 1936 – June 13, 2022) was a Puerto Rican professional boxer. He won three world titles, two at lightweight and once at light welterweight. He was seen as the best Puerto Rican boxers of all time. Ortiz had the record for the most wins in unified lightweight titles in boxing history at 10.

In 1991, Ortiz was honored into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Ortiz died on June 13, 2022 in New York City at the age of 85.

Henri Garcin

Henri Garcin (born Anton Albers; 11 April 1928 – 13 June 2022) was a Belgian actor. He appeared in more than 100 movies from 1956 to 2022. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium. He was known for his roles in "Someone Behind the Door", "Verdict" and "The Pink Panther". His career began in 1957 until 2016.

Garcin died on 13 June 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 94.

Hari Chand

Hari Chand (1 April 1953 – 13 June 2022) was an Indian long-distance runner. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, where he came eighth. In the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow he came 10th in the 10,000 meter run. He ran barefoot in Montreal.

Chand died on 13 June 2022 in Hoshiarpur, India from a long illness, aged 69.

Hoshiarpur

Hoshiarpur () is a city in Hoshiarpur district in the Doaba region of the Indian state of Punjab. It was founded during the early part of the fourteenth century.

Terry Sanderson (writer)

Terry Sanderson (16 November 1946 – 12 June 2022) was a British secularist and gay rights activist, author, and journalist. He was president of the National Secular Society from 2006 to 2017. He was a columnist for "Gay Times".

In 2021, Sanderson was diagnosed with bladder cancer. He died on 12 June 2022 from the disease, aged 75.

Comes and Goes

Comes and Goes is the fourth and final studio album by Default. The album was released on September 29, 2009.

Jim Ryan (politician)

James E. Ryan (February 21, 1946 – June 12, 2022) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was the 40th Attorney General of Illinois from 1995 until 2003. He was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Governor of Illinois in 2002. He unsuccessfully ran again in 2010. He was the State's Attorney of DuPage County from 1984 until 1995.

Ryan died at his home in Wheaton, Illinois on June 12, 2022 from a long-illness, aged 76.

Daniel Pope Cook

Daniel Pope Cook (1794 – October 16, 1827) was a politician, lawyer and newspaper publisher. He was an anti-slavery activist. He was the state's first attorney general, and then congressman. Cook County, Illinois, is named after him.

Cook died on October 16, 1827, at the age of 32 in Scott County, Kentucky.

Phil Bennett

Philip Bennett (24 October 1948 – 12 June 2022) was a Welsh rugby union player. He played as a fly-half for Llanelli RFC and the Wales national team. He began his career in 1966. He made his Wales debut in 1969.

Bennett was honored into the World Rugby Hall of Fame in 2015.

Bennett died on 12 June 2022 in Felinfoel, Wales at the age of 73.


The Thin Man (movie)

The Thin Man is a 1934 American mystery comedy movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and was based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett. It stars William Powell, Myrna Loy, Maureen O'Sullivan, Nat Pendleton, Henry Wadsworth, Porter Hall, Cesar Romero, Edward Brophy, Natalie Moorhead. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and spawned five sequels. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1935.


Rolando Serrano

José Rolando "Loco" Serrano Lazaro (13 November 1938 – 13 June 2022) was a Colombian football midfielder. He was born in Pamplona, Norte de Santander, Colombia. He played for the Colombia national football team and during their game at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. 

Serrano died in Cúcuta, Colombia on 13 June 2022, aged 83.

Pamplona, Norte de Santander

Pamplona (pronounced ) is a city in Norte de Santander, Colombia.


Achito Vivas

Adelmo Achito Vivas (born 1 March 1934) is a retired Colombian footballer. He competed for the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. Vivas was born in Buenaventura, Colombia. Vivas spend most of his career playing for Deportivo Pereira.

Hernando Tovar

Hernando Tovar Brizneda (born 17 September 1938) is a Colombian former footballer. He played as a defender. He played for the Colombia national team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Santa Fe.

Eusebio Escobar

Eusebio Escobar Ramírez (born 2 July 1936) is a Colombian footballer. He played for the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. Escobar is one of the all-time leading goal-scorers in the history of the Colombian league. He played for Deportivo Cali, Atlético Bucaramanga, América de Cali, Deportivo Pereira, Deportes Quindío, Atlético Nacional, Independiente Medellín and Deportivo Manizales.

Jairo Arias

Jairo Arias Serna (born 2 November 1938) was a Colombian footballer. He played for the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He played with the team from 1962 until 1963, making four appearances. From 1957 until 1959 and from 1961 until 1962, he played for the Atlético Nacional. He also played for Once Caldas from 1963 until 1964 and again in 1965.

Adolfo Pedernera

Adolfo Alfredo Pedernera (15 November 1918 – 12 May 1995) was an Argentine football player and coach. He was widely considered as one of the best world football players in the 1940s. He was also regarded one of the greatest Argentine players of all time. He played for the Argentina national team from 1940 until 1946. Despite the mid-attack position (at the time a sort of "buoy" in the penalty area with the sole task of putting the ball in the net), Pedernera is more of a demi-striker: he loves to return often to midfield, dragging himself behind the scorer and leaving the field free to fellow warders. Gifted with an extraordinary technique: he has the incredible ability to always be able to serve the less marked partner with millimeter pitches. His powerful and precise shot allowed him to score hundreds of career goals. Pedernera won the Copa América in 1941 and 1946, being named the "Best Player" of the latter. He also was elected the 12th-best South American footballer of the 20th century in a poll by the IFFHS in 2000, and his name appears in the list of the 100 greatest all time footballers selected from the magazine "FourFourTwo" in 2017, in which he holds the 58th place.

Nicknamed el Maestro, he is considered to be the footballer who invented the role of attacking midfielder, at the time known as center-attack. He played almost every role in the attack, from the center forward to the playmaker.

He was so passionate about the ball that he treated it in childhood as a pet and, as a teenager, he was the ball boy at Racing, where his brother Raúl played. He tried to start his career there, but he was not approved. He caught the attention of Huracán, but before signing for the Parque Patricios team, a friend invited him to try his luck at River Plate. He would end up professionalizing there, debuting in 1935, still 16 years old. His debut was against Ferro Carril Oeste, where he dribbled past José Della Torre, a player for the Argentina national team.

He consecrated himself as conductor of the mythical riverplatense team known as La Máquina, winning five titles in the Argentine championship in the eleven years he spent at the club. Left-handed, but also skilled in his right leg, he was considered the brains of the squad, having played successfully in the five offensive positions of the different formations that squad had - Pedernera had played with idols of the 1930s, such as Bernabé Ferreyra, Carlos Peucelle and Renato Cesarini, and the following decade, where he composed the most remembered attack, together with Juan Carlos Muñoz, José Manuel Moreno, Angel Labruna and Félix Loustau. He, in turn, always praised that a good part of the Machine's success was also due to players in other positions, who provided good plays to those attackers. 

In 1947, he and the goalkeeper José Soriano left River, hired by the small Atlanta, which ambitions to form a great squad to win titles. However, Villa Crespo 's team failed in their attempts, even ending up in the last position, relegated. His departure, by the way, opened a vacancy for Alfredo Di Stéfano to shine that year; until then, he had not been able to find space on the River. Di Stéfano even considered him the best he had seen play.

After the failure at Atlanta, Pedernera went to play for the team where he could have started his career, Huracán. I would end up not staying so long at Globo; a strike broke out among Argentine players in 1949. They demanded medical assistance for their families, a minimum wage for the category and the extinction of the pass, to be free to choose where they would like to play, but they were not granted. Pedernera was precisely one of the leaders of the players' union, and was one of many South Americans attracted by the tempting offer of Eldorado in what had become Colombian football, whose clubs rebelled against the local federation and FIFA itself to organize a cosmopolitan and highly profitable championship. Pedernera was signed by Millonarios, who called up several other Argentines, among them Di Stéfano himself.

As part of the so-called Ballet Azul, he won four Colombian championships in the six years he spent with the Bogotá team. In 1955, he returned to Huracán - it was part of an agreement imposed by the other South American federations, angry with the departures of their main players without being able to demand any money from them (since the Colombian league was outside FIFA's jurisdiction) which established a deadline in which such a situation could persist, and all players must then be returned to their clubs of origin. Pedernera was already 37 years old at that time and soon retired. He would later return to River Plate, working in the millionaire youth ranks.

Pedernera was part of the talented Argentine generation that ended up being deprived of playing in a World Cup due to, among other factors, the occurrence of the Second World War, which left no conditions for the tournament to be held in the 1940s. He made his debut for the Argentina national team in 1940, scoring one of the goals in a 3–1 victory over arch-rivals Uruguay. The following year, he would join the Albiceleste squad that became South American champion, which he would again be in the other two editions he played in, in 1942 and 1946.

Obdulio Varela, who became famous as the leader of the Uruguayan title in the 1950 World Cup, declared, when asked if he feared Brazil 's forwards, the host that the celestials would beat in this tournament: "You forget that I faced Pedernera... and like him, there is no one".

In addition to his work in the youth ranks of River Plate, Pedernera has coached the top teams of arch-rivals Boca Juniors, San Lorenzo and even the Argentina national team. He was the coach of Colombia - where his prestige is even greater than in his homeland - in the 1962 World Cup, the first for which the Colombians qualified.

Club

International

Individual

Dolní Břežany

Dolní Břežany is a city in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 4,400 people living here.

Southern Oregon

Southern Oregon is a region of Oregon in the USA, it consists of 4 counties plus another 3 which are sometimes considered a part of it and is located west of the Cascade Range. As of 2015 it had a population of 471,000, 564,000 including all 7 counties.

Always included:
Total population: 471,013

Sometimes included:
Total seven-county population: 564,446

Russ Diamond

Russell H. Diamond (born July 26, 1963) is an American politician and businessman. He was born in Hershey, Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives since 2015. He is a member of the Republican. Diamond took part in the legal tries to overturn Joe Biden's the 2020 victory results in Pennsylvania.

In June 2022, Diamond was diagnosed with "treatable" prostate cancer.

Tim Sale

Tim Sale (May 1, 1956 – June 16, 2022) was an American comics artist. He was born in Ithaca, New York. He won the 1999 Eisner Award. He was known for his works with DC Comics and illustrated the comics "", "" and "Superman For All Seasons".

On June 13, 2022, Sale was hospitalized in Seattle, Washington under serious condition. He died three days later from kidney failure at the age of 66.


Graham cracker

A graham cracker (said or in America) is a sweet tasting cracker (biscuit) made with graham flour. The flour was created in the United States in the mid-19th century. The crackers are eaten as a snack food. Most of them are honey- or cinnamon-tasting.

Monte Duida tree frog

The Monte Duida tree frog ("Tepuihyla aecii") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Cerro Duida. It is a large, table-shaped mountain. It is made of sandstone.

Murod Nazarov

Murod Nazarov (; born 16, November, 1980) is an Uzbek Vice-president of the polo federation of Uzbekistan and Deputy of Tashkent city council. 

Murad Nazarov is married and has 14 children. In 2002 he married Umida Nazarova. From a joint marriage he had 3 daughters and 2 sons. In December 2021, Nazarov adopted 9 children (2 boys and 7 girls) from the House of Mercy in Tashkent.




LANSA Flight 508

LANSA Flight 508 was a plane crash that occurred on December 24, 1971 over the Peruvian Amazon jungle with a balance of 91 dead and with only one young survivor, Juliane Kopcke.
It is the deadliest lightning strike disaster in history.

Flight 508 took off late around noon heading to Pucallpa and then continued to the city of Iquitos in the middle of the Peruvian jungle. 

It crossed the Peruvian Andes at 7000 m in good weather, having made its last report when it flew over Oyón in the Sierra de Lima, entering 40 minutes after takeoff in Amazonian skies where a bad weather front was germinating. The plane lost height to 6,000 m and began to shake, causing concern among the passengers. 

The developing storm was a Cumulonimbus type with intense electrical activity and the aircraft was subjected to turbulent air currents. 

The voice of a Flight attendant was heard over the loudspeakers: 

The shakes became more and more violent and the carry-on luggage spilled out of their cubicles. The plane descended about 4,000 m and the pilot was looking for denser air to make an emergency landing. 

At about 12:36 p.m., a lightning bolt is said to have struck the plane over the right wing and set fire to the fuel tank (a fact that was never actually proven with certainty), the fire causing general structural failure. that departed the aircraft at tail level: 

Juliane Koepcke, the only survivor, fell from an altitude of 2,000 meters, next to the burning wreckage of the plane, into the jungle.

LANSA

Líneas Aéreas Nacionales S.A (LANSA) was a Peruvian airline based in Lima. It was established in 1963. After its last Lockheed Electra crashed on Christmas Eve 1971, LANSA stopped operations on January 4, 1972.

Its base was the Jorge Chávez International Airport. It operated flights inside and outside the country. Within the country it made itinerary flights, beginning its operations with Lockheed 749 Constellation aircrafts.
The airline is sadly remembered for the series of accidents that they had. They were caused by bad maintenance/operations of aircrafts. 
It had its first accident on April 27, 1966, during a flight from Lima to Cuzco. The ship crashed against Mount Talsula, in Sierra de Yauyos, Lima. 49 occupants were killed. This was due to an error by an American pilot. 
Later, on August 9, 1970, another fatal accident occurred. It was a Lockheed L-188A Electra. It took off from the Velasco Astete airport in the city of Cuzco in the afternoon. They caused the failure of engine number 3 -an Allison turboprop- while trying to take off. The captain of the aircraft continued with this operation. But they failed to maintain the speed necessary for the ascent, a fact that was aggravated by retracting the flaps with the consequent loss of lift, causing the aircraft to lean to the left. Finally it hit the ground in the San Jerónimo sector. As a result of this accident, 99 of the 100 occupants on plane and 2 farmers on ground at the time of impact have died. 

In 1972, they stopped operations. Their remaining fleet just had only one Lockheed L-188 Electra. This is because others had already been lost.

Jorge Chávez International Airport

Jorge Chávez International Airport (Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Chávez) is the main air terminal in the Lima metropolitan area. 
It is located in the constitutional province of Callao. It is the most important airport in Peru, since it has the majority of international and domestic flights in the country. They serve more than 22,000,000 passengers per year.

Its location in the middle of the west coast of South America has made it an important hub for the subcontinent. It stands out for its enormous projections in the connection of flights between the Americas. This resulted in a sustained growth in the flow of passengers, cargo and mail. 
It is the center of operations for South America for LATAM with its Peruvian associate LATAM Peru and for Sky Airline with its Peruvian associate Sky Airline Peru.

Muster (military)

Mustering is taking care of soldiers in a military unit. Mustering in is starting a military unit, and mustering out is disbanding a military unit.

Groveport, Ohio

Groveport is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.

Whitehall, Ohio

Whitehall is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.

Worthington, Ohio

Worthington is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.

Montgomery, Ohio

Montgomery is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

Mount Healthy, Ohio

Mount Healthy is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

North College Hill, Ohio

North College Hill is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

Norwood, Ohio

Norwood is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

Waterville, Ohio

Waterville is a city in Lucas County, Ohio, United States.

Germantown, Ohio

Germantown is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Moraine, Ohio

Moraine is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Oakwood, Montgomery County, Ohio

Oakwood is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Trotwood, Ohio

Trotwood is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Reminderville, Ohio

Reminderville is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States.

Twinsburg, Ohio

Twinsburg is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States.

Johnson, Minnesota

Johnson is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Odessa, Minnesota

Odessa is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Amboy, Minnesota

Amboy is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Eagle Lake, Minnesota

Eagle Lake is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Good Thunder, Minnesota

Good Thunder is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Mapleton, Minnesota

Mapleton is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Pemberton, Minnesota

Pemberton is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Clair, Minnesota

St. Clair is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Vernon Center, Minnesota

Vernon Center is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

John W. Lippitt

John W. Lippitt (April 21, 1822 Adams, Massachusetts – May 15, 1896 Solsville, New York) was an American politician from New York.

Lippitt was born on April 21, 1822 in Adams, Massachusetts. When he was young, his family moved to a farm near Solsville, New York.

He was the town supervisor of the Madison for many terms, starting in 1861. He was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Madison County for more than twelve years.

He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1864 and 1872, and he was a member of the New York State Senate in 1878 and 1879.

He was buried at the Indian Opening Cemetery in Madison.


Fellowship, Louisiana

Fellowship is an unincorporated community in La Salle Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Monterey, Louisiana

Monterey is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jewish Museum Berlin

The Jewish Museum Berlin ("Jüdisches Museum Berlin") is a museum that shows the history of Jews in Germany from the Middle Ages to the present day. It is the largest Jewish museum in Europe, with two buildings and about 3,500 square meters (38,000 square feet) of space. It has a library and archives and holds lectures, concerts, and conferences. The W. Michael Blumenthal Academy of the Jewish Museum is connected to the museum. The museum is one of the most visited museums in Germany, with 2,000 visitors each day and 700,000 annually.

The first Jewish Museum in Berlin opened on January 24, 1933. This was six days before the Nazis took power. The building was on the Orienburger Straße next to New Synagogue. The museum was new because it showed modern Jewish art. The museum wanted to show that Jewish history was alive and part of German culture. The Nazis shut down the museum on Kristallnacht in November of 1938. 

A "Society for a Jewish Museum" was formed in 1976. A couple of years later, the Berlin museum added a Jewish Department. In 1988, the city had a competition for the building design of the museum. Daniel Libeskind won for his zigzag design structure. The building was completed in 1999, and the museum opened in September 2001. Michael Blumenthal was the first director of the museum until 2014.

The museum has two main buildings. One is the Kollegienhaus and is in baraque style. The other is a modern building by Libeskind. The modern building contains a unique zig-zag shape and is a form of deconstructivism. The architect wanted the building to address the Holocaust in Berlin's Jewish history. 
There is much symbolism in the Libeskind structure. Empty voids fill the building. They represent "That which can never be exhibited when it comes to Jewish Berlin history: Humanity reduced to ashes." Three Axes in the structure have particular significance. Each represents paths of Jewish life in Germany: continuity, emigration and the Holocaust. The second axis of the museum connects with the Garden of Exile. The third axis connects with the Holocaust Tower.  

The new permanent exhibition has five parts. It is called "Jewish Life in Germany: Past and Present". Each part is about a different period in Jewish history in Germany. The sections are Jewish life in Ashkenaz, the emancipation of the Jews, Englightenment, Natinalsocialism, and the present. The largest sections are for the time of National Socialism and after 1945. There are several rooms just for Judaism as a religion and religious art and music. There is further a tour with narration about culture and religion. 
The past exhibition from 2001 to 2017 was "Two Millennia of German Jewish History". It showed history from the view of Jews as a minority. The exhibition included figures like Glikl bas Judah Leib and Moses Mendelssohn. The museum has had several special exhibitions. The most recent ones have been: "Welcome to Jerusalem" (2017-2019); "Cherchez la femme" (2017); "Golem" (2016-2017); "Snip it! Stances on Ritual Circumcision" (2014-2015); "A Time for Everything. Rituals Against Forgetting" (2013-2014).

The museum has an installation called "Shalekhet – Fallen leaves." It is a collection of 10,000 faces of metal plates in the Memory Void. Visitors are encouraged to walk on the metal and hear the sounds it makes. Menashe Kadishman dedicated his work to victims of the Holocaust, violence, and war. 
"The Gallery of the Mission" is another installation in the museum. It contains black mirrored glass cases which depict destroyed objects of Jewish culture. They are Encyclopaedia Judaica, Jewish hospital in Frankfurt, and the "Großer Kopf" sculpture by Otto Freundlich.

The museum and Friends and Patrons of the Jewish Museum Berlin annually give out an award called Prize for Understanding and Tolerance. Past recipients include: 

YAK-Service Flight 9633

YAK-Service Flight 9633 was an air accident that occurred at 16:02 (local time) on September 7, 2011. A Yakovlev Yak-42D passenger plane operated by the Russian airline Yak Service crashed in the Yaroslavl region (Russia). The plane overrun the runway at Tunoshna airport before taking off, hitting an antenna mast, caught fire and crashed on the Volga River bank. 44 people died, including all members of the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl ice hockey team.

The tragedy is commonly known as the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash.

On takeoff, one of the pilots accidentally applied braking to the wheels on takeoff, preventing the aircraft from leaving the ground as it overran the runway at Tunoshna. The aircraft finally left the ground on the grass, flew for a few hundred feet, struck a cell/lighting tower at the end of the runway, and entered a aerodynamic stall as the pilots aggressively attempted to climb away from foilage and trees located on the other side of the Volga River. The left wing struck the ground and caused the aircraft to drag along the ground for a few hundred feet before hitting the riverbank, breaking up, and exploding on impact.

Investigation determined that several factors caused the accident. This includes poor training, incorrect calculation of takeoff speed by the flight crew, and bad application of wheel braking by one of the pilots, who had incorrectly placed feet on the pedals. It was later revealed that the pilot had used forged documents to obtain permission to fly the plane, and that both crew members did not have the needed training to fly the Yak-42.


Pope-elect Stephen

Pope-elect Stephen (died 25 March 752) was a Roman priest. He was chosen to become pope in March 752. He died of a stroke before he was consecrated. At that time, a person became pope after he was consecrated. So, Stephen is considered only a . He is not considered a real pope.

Punjabi dialects and languages

The Punjabi dialects and varieties refers to the linguistically classified groups of the Punjabi language such as its dialects and varieties, which are spoken around the Punjab region of Pakistan and India. The Punjabi dialects and languages have been made into three groups:

Punjabi is a language derived from Sanskrit and Pali. Many varieties or dialects spoken in northern India and Pakistan, such as Dogri, Bilaspuri, Bhattiyali and Kangri are said to be related to Punjabi and even share mutual intelligibility, to some extent, with proper Punjabi varieties.

Pahari-Pothwari people

The Pothwari people or the Pahari people are a linguistic group native to the Pothohar Plateau in North Western Punjab region in Punjab (Pakistan) and Kashmir. They are the majority in the Pothohar Plateau in Pakistan. A minority are found in Indian Kashmir and Punjab following the partition of 1947.

Speakers of Pothwari are Panjabis. 

Lahnda

Lahnda, also known as Lehndi or Western Punjabi, is a group of Punjabi dialects and varieties, within the north-western Indo-Aryan language family. It is spoken in Pakistan and India, which originates in areas of western Punjab region, as well as in Hazara region of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Saraiki and Hindko are often grouped in the Lahnda dialects. When the partition of India occurred in 1947, many speakers of Lahnda varieties migrated to areas of eastern Punjab in India. Today the dialects of Lahnda spoken in both Pakistan and India are mixed in origin.

Lahnda includes the following varieties: 
"Ethnologue" also adds the Majhi dialects transitional between Lahnda and Eastern Punjabi; these are spoken by about 66 million people.

Northern Hindko

Northern Hindko or Hazari Panjabi is a dialect of Hindko spoken in the Hazara Division. It is the most spoken variety of Hindko dialect of Panjabi.

Haryanvi language

Haryanvi is a dialect of Panjabi language,spoken in Haryana, India. It is also spoken by Muslim Haryanvis who settled in Karachi, Hyderabad and other cities of Pakistan who call it Rangri.

Jandavra language

Jandavra is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan. Around 5,000 people speak it. It is also spoken in Rajasthan, India.

National Transportation Safety Board

The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is an independent U.S. government investigative agency responsible for civil transportation accident investigation. Upon request, the NTSB may assist the military and foreign governments with accident investigations. The agency is headquartered in Washington D.C.


The US President Joe Biden has nominated board member Jennifer Homendy to serve as the next Senate-confirmed chair.

The Hex Girls

The Hex Girls (or simply Hex Girls) are a fictional female band created by writers Rick Copp and David A. Goodman. It was portrayed by actresses and singer-songwriters Jennifer Hale (as lead singer and guitarist Thorn, real name Sally McKnight), Jane Wiedlin (as drummer and back-up singer Dusk) and Kimberly Brooks (as keyboardist and back-up singer Luna). Hale, Wiedlin and Brooks write and perform original songs for the band.



Nicktoons (British and Irish TV channel)

Nicktoons (or sometimes Nicktoons Network) is a network that had its launch in the late 70s. It was the network to air the first three Nicktoons, (The Ren and Stimpy Show), (Doug) and (Rugrats). It's one of the most famous channels in the UK. Its most famous shows are Hey Arnold, Spongebob SquarePants and The Loud House.

Kalkot Tehsil

Kalkot is a tehsil of Upper Dir District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located in the northern most point in Pakistan's Pakhtunkhwa. Muhammad Zada is the current tehsildar and he is from the Pakistan Muslim League party.

Terara Network

Terara Network is an Ethiopian news commentary organization. It focuses on Ethiopian political issues. It has faced issues with law enforcement in the country as its owner who founded the company has been arrested for 4 months without charge. The company is one of many journalistic organizations in Ethiopia who has faced trouble and persecution by the government of Ethiopia.

Wynne Bradburn

Wynne Pennell Bradburn was born 24 November, 1938 in Thames and died 25 September, 2008 in Hamilton. He is a former cricketer who played 2 tests for New Zealand in 1963/64. He twice carried the bat in first class matches. He is the father of New Zealand cricketer Grant Bradburn.

Richard Onnes

Richard Pieter Onnes (10 February 1945 — 13 July 2016) was a Dutch volleyball player. He was a member of the Dutch national team playing 54 matches.

Onnes was born in Hoogeveen in 1945. At young age he played both football and volleyball. On the advice of his gymnastics teaches he chose for volleyball. He played volleyball with Olhaco in Hoogeveen. He played for the junior national team. He made his debut for the Dutch national team in 1965. He played 54 matches for the national team, among others at the West-European championships. He couldn’t compete at the 1969 West-European championships because he didn’t had the time for it. 

With his club Olhaco he finished second during the 1965-66 season in the Eredivisie, the Dutch highest league. Onnes moved Olhaco and played for Belgian club Hoevoc during the 1967-68 season. Later in 1968 he moved to SFC in Assen. After a disagreement with the trainer about training sessions, he left SFC in March 1969 together with Jan Blaauw. However, later he returned to SFC. From 1971 he couldn’t play for two years due to his work. He returned at SFC in January 1973. 

Onnes became volleyball trainer of Durac ‘66 in January 1968.

Onnes was married to Jennie Bruins. They had two children and three grandchildren. Onnes died on 13 July 2016, at the age of 71.

Thurman D. Rodgers

Thurman Donell Rodgers (December 1, 1934 – June 9, 2022) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army. From March 1979 to April 1981, Rodgers served as commanding officer of the 7th Signal Brigade.

Eva Steininger-Bludau

Eva Steininger-Bludau (21 July 1951 – 9 June 2022) was a German politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She was in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2010 to 2017. She was born in Castrop-Rauxel, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.

Steininger-Bludau died on 9 June 2022 at the age of 70.

Vitaly Prilukov

Vitaly Mikhailovich Prilukov (; 25 February 1939 – 11 June 2022) was a Russian military officer and politician. He was deputy chairman of the KGB from March to August 1991 and was on the Supreme Soviet of Russia from 1990 to 1993.

Prilukov died on 11 June 2022 at the age of 83.

Anatoly Mikhaylov

Anatoly Arkadyevich Mikhaylov (; 14 September 1936 – 13 June 2022) was a Soviet athlete. He competed mainly in the 110-metre hurdles. He competed for the USSR in the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan, where he won the bronze medal.

Mikhaylov died on 13 June 2022, aged 85.

Cho Min-ho

Cho Min-ho (, 4 January 1987 – 15 June 2022) was a South Korean professional ice hockey center. He played for Anyang Halla. Cho was born in Seoul, South Korea. He also played for the South Korea men's national ice hockey team. His career began in 2009 and he stopped playing in 2021.

Cho died from lung cancer in Seoul on 15 June 2022 at the age of 35.

Joe Lombardo

Joseph Michael Lombardo (born November 8, 1962) is an American law enforcement officer and politician who is the 31st Governor of Nevada since 2023. He was the 17th sheriff of Clark County from 2015 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. Lombardo was the Republican nominee for Governor of Nevada in the 2022 election and defeated Democratic incumbent governor Steve Sisolak.

Ayarzaguena's tree frog

The white-lipped tree frog or Ayarzaguena's tree frog ("Tepuihyla edelcae") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it between 1700 and 2100 meters above sea level. It lives in the Auyántepui and the Los Testigos Range of mountains.

Ondrej Rigo

Ondrej Rigo (17 December 1955 – 14 June 2022) was a Slovak serial killer and necrophile. He killed women in Bratislava, Munich and Amsterdam from 1990 to 1992. He served until his death a life sentence for nine murders and one attempted murder in Leopoldov Prison in Slovakia. 

Rigo was diagnosed with a schizoid personality disorder and an antisocial personality disorder as well as necrophilia.

Yuri Fedotov

Yury Viktorovich Fedotov (, 14 December 1947 – 16 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was executive director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) and director-general of the United Nations Office at Vienna (UNOV) from 2010 until 2019. He was the Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom from 2005 until 2010. Fedotov was born in Sukhumi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union. From 2002 until 2005, he was the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Fedotov died on 16 June 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 74.

Shopkeeping Goddesses

Shopkeeping Goddesses or Shopkeeper Goddesses (, ) are the goddesses in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism). They are worshipped by the people in Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). These goddesses are known for market for different shops. Different stories have different answers to how many shopkeeping goddesses there are. They are Cheng Leima, Chinga Leima, Heipok Leima, Hei Leima, Laa Leima, Phu Leima, Pishum Leima, Thangching Leima, Waisheng Leima, Waithou Leima and Waal Leima.


Vikidia

Vikidia is a free online encyclopedia based on wiki, content has a general theme adapted for children and teenagers, and is open to the participation of people of all ages.

One of the users who joined this project, Mathias Damour (registered under the name Astirmays), differed in that the texts should be corrected a priori instead of being created and edited by the children themselves, not believing that they would see a closing agreement in the aforementioned discussion. That is why on November 17, 2006, autonomously and independently of the Wikimedia Foundation, the Vikidia wiki was launched. 

As of December 2022, Vikidia has articles in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Russian, Armenian, Greek, Catalan, Basque, and Sicilian. For example, the section in French contains 37.1 thousand articles, in English - 4.2 thousand articles, in Russian - a few hundred.

Mathias Damour

Mathias Damour (born in 1975 in France) is founder of the free project Vikidia, in 2006. 

Following the proposal of a French Wikipedia user, the possibility that between users and the Wikimedia Foundation an encyclopedia for children was evaluated. The idea was to make some Wikipedia articles that would be selected and then adapted for a young audience. This discussion also carried over to other language versions of Wikipedia, Currently lives in Annecy, France, Prior to Vikidia, he was a French Wikipedia contributor using the Astirmays account.

The English version was created in 2014.

In 2022 it had more than 4,000 articles.

Animals Are Beautiful People

Animals Are Beautiful People (also called Beautiful People) is a 1974 South African nature documentary movie.
It was written, produced, directed, filmed and edited by Jamie Uys, about the wildlife in Southern Africa, presented with comedic elements. It was filmed in the Namib Desert, the Kalahari Desert and the Okavango River and Okavango Delta. 
It received the 1974 Golden Globe Award for Best Documentary Film.

The film, a critical and commercial success, was independently made by Uys, also known for his later African comedy The Gods Must Be Crazy (1980).


Airline, Texas

Airline is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Muppets from Space

Muppets from Space is a 1999 American science-fiction comedy-drama movie. 
It was directed by Tim Hill (in his feature film directorial debut) and written by Jerry Juhl, Joseph Mazzarino, and Ken Kaufman. The sixth theatrical movie in "The Muppets" franchise, it is the first Muppets film to not be a musical and the first film since the death of Muppets creator Jim Henson to have an original Muppets-focused plot. In addition to the Muppet performers, the film stars Jeffrey Tambor, F. Murray Abraham, David Arquette, Josh Charles, Hollywood Hogan, Ray Liotta, and Andie MacDowell. In the film, Gonzo attempts to discover his origins after having nightmares. After he and Rizzo the Rat are captured by government officials during his search, Kermit the Frog and the rest of the Muppet gang must save them.

Jerry Juhl

Jerome Ravn Juhl (July 27, 1938 – September 27, 2005) was an American television and film writer, best known for his work with The Muppets.

Joey Mazzarino

Joseph Mazzarino (born June 4, 1968) is an American actor, puppeteer, writer and director. He is best known for his roles on "Sesame Street" as Murray Monster, Stinky the Stinkweed and other Muppets, and being head writer and director on "Sesame Street". He has won 22 Emmy Awards for his work.

Jamshied Sharifi

Jamshied Sharifi (born October 17, 1960) is an American composer and musician. He was born in Topeka, Kansas to an Iranian father and an American mother. At an early age, Sharifi was exposed to Jazz and Middle Eastern music by his father and to European classical and church music by his mother. He began to study classical piano at age five and quickly developed a thirst for musical instruction and a desire to improvise. At age nine he began studying guitar and drums, and at age ten added flute.

Bill Barretta

Paul Barretta (born June 19, 1964) is an American puppeteer, actor, producer, writer, and director. He is best known for providing the puppetry and voice of many Muppet characters . These include Pepe the King Prawn, Johnny Fiama, Big Mean Carl, and Bobo the Bear. He also did Rowlf the Dog, The Swedish Chef, Mahna Mahna and Dr. Teeth after the death of Muppet creator Jim Henson.

Dave Goelz

Dave Goelz (born July 16, 1946) is an American puppeteer and puppet builder known for his work with the Muppets. As part of the Muppets' performing cast, Goelz performs Gonzo the Great, as well as Dr. Bunsen Honeydew, Waldorf (after Jim Henson's death), Zoot and Beauregard, originating on "The Muppet Show". Goelz's puppeteering roles also included in "Fraggle Rock", "The Dark Crystal", and "Labyrinth". Outside of puppeteering work, he was also the voice of Figment in the Journey into Imagination with Figmentattraction at Epcot.

Richard Pearson (movie editor)

Richard Pearson (born 1961) is an American movie editor. He works for action movies. Pearson, with Clare Douglas and Christopher Rouse, received the BAFTA Award for Best Editing for "United 93" (2006).

Els Mulder-Kruims

Els Mulder-Kruims (born 1957) is a former Dutch volleyball player. She was a member of the Dutch national team. She played with the national team 166 matches. She competed at several European Championships and two World Championships. At the 1981 Spring Cup in Wien she was the most valuable player. When she left the national team in 1985, she received a medal of honor from the Assen municipality.

On club level Mulder-Kruims made here debut in the Eredivisie at the age of 16 in 1973 with SFC. She later played with Sudosa in Assen. Due to private reasons she moved to DL/Amsterdam in 1982. She retired in 1987.

She married to Reinhardt Mulder who played korfball at elite level at DOS’46.

Jogi language

Jogi is a variety of Marwari spoken in parts of Sindh in Pakistan and Gujarat in India. The people who speak Jogi are the Jogi people.

Kauravi dialect

Kauravi is a group of dialects of Hindustani that originated in the city of Delhi, India. Nowadays it is spoken around India like Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Punjab and even in Karachi, Pakistan. It is also known as Khariboli, the ancestor to Urdu which then created modern Hindi.

Kachi Koli language

Kachi Koli is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan as well as a smaller community in Gujarat, India. Many of the Kachi Koli speakers have now migrated to Malawi and they are Hindu.

Kim family

The Kim family is a three-generation lineage of North Korean leaders. It started from the country's founder and first leader, Kim Il-sung. The Workers' Party of Korea calls it the Mount Paektu bloodline and some people call it the Kim Dynasty. The family has ruled North Korea since 1948.

The Kim family has been at the helm of North Korea since its founding. Kim Il-sung, the founding leader, established the regime in 1948. His son, Kim Jong-il, succeeded him, followed by Kim Jong-un, the current leader. The family's rule has been marked by authoritarianism, isolationism, and nuclear ambitions, shaping North Korea's complex history.

Wadiyara Koli language

Wadiyara Koli is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan and Gujarat, India. Wadiyara Koli is closely related to Kachi Koli.

Memoni language

Memoni is an Indo-Aryan language spoken only by Kathiawari amd Bantva Memons from Kathiawar region of Gujarat, India. Memoni is also spoken in Sindh, Pakistan by Kathiawari memons who migrated to Sindh after partition. Memoni is a transitional language of Sindhi, Gujarati, Urdu, and Persian.

Johann Gerhard König

Johann Gerhard König was born on 29 November 1728. He was a German botanist and physician by profession. Johann Gerhard served in the Tranquebar Mission, India before joining service under the Nawab of Arcot, and then the English East India Company. John Gerhard was fascinated by collecting natural history specimens including plants, particularly those of medical interest. Many species are named after him including the curry tree ("Murraya koenigii"). He died on 26 June 1785.

Eline Wiltens-Braaksma

Eline Wiltens-Braaksma (born 1960) is a former Dutch volleyball player. 

She was a member of the Dutch national team. She played with the national team 53 matches including at two European Championships and the 1982 World Championships. After the World Championships she left the national team. 

On club level she played with Sudosa where she retired in 1983. In November 1984 she stated to help the team to return for four matches. After years of not playing volleyball, she started playing again in 1992 and returned in 1993 to Sudosa where she played in the first and second division. She played with the team until the late 1990s when she was already over 40 years old. She started playing with DOK in Dwingeloo in th first division and retired in 2004.

Carina Hiemink

Carina Hiemink (28 September 1953 - 12 October 2014) was a Dutch volleyball player.

She was a member of the Dutch national team. She played a total of 36 matches witn the national team, including at the 1977 European Championships and the 1978 World Championships.

Hiemink started playing volleybal at high school. On club level she played in the 1970s with Sudosa SFC and Sudosa. She was the captain of the team. She retired in 1982 after a volleyball career of 14 years.

Hiemink was the daughter of a book seller in Assen. She attended the (ALO). She worked at KMBO-Assen. Hiemink had two children. Hiemink died in Assen on 12 October 2014 at the age of 61.

Deathtrap (movie)

Deathtrap is a 1982 American black comedy mystery movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1978 play of the same name by Ira Levin. It stars Christopher Reeve, Michael Caine, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth, Henry Jones, Joe Silver and was distributed by Warner Bros..


You Win Again (Bee Gees song)

"You Win Again" is a song from 1987. It was written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb. It was performed by the Bee Gees. The band released it as a single in late 1987 and from their album "E.S.P.". It marked the start of the band being popular again. It was a No. 1 hit in a lot of European countries, and it topped the UK Singles Chart. That made it the band’s first song to top that chart in over eight years. It also made them the first band to score a UK No. 1 hit in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.

Wuthering Heights (song)

"Wuthering Heights" is a song by English singer and songwriter Kate Bush.
It was released as Bush’s first single on 20 January 1978. The release was through EMI Records. The song was based on the 1847 Emily Brontë book that was also called Wuthering Heights. The song was released as the lead single from Bush's first studio album, The Kick Inside. It was number one on the UK Singles Chart for four weeks. It is still Bush's biggest hit. It also reached the top of the charts in Australia, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and Portugal. This song made Bush the first female singer in the United Kingdom to make a number-one single out of a song that she wrote herself. It was covered by Pat Benatar for her 1980 album "Crimes of Passion".

We're Good

"We're Good" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa. It is from the album . The album is from 2021. It is the deluxe version of Dua Lipa’s second studio album, which is just called Future Nostalgia 2020. The song was written by the singer, Emily Warren, Scott Harris, and Sly. Sly handled actually making the song. It was released m for digital download and streaming on 11 February 2021. It was the lead single from the album, and it came out at the same time as the album too. "We're Good" is a bossa nova and 2000s-styled, midtempo (not very fast or very slow) tropical-pop song with trap and reggae rock parts. It talks about the singer imagining a friendly breakup with her ex-boyfriend.

Walter Sedlmayr

Walter Sedlmayr was born on 6 January 1926. He was a popular German stage, television, and movie actor. He was born in Bavaria. He was killed by two of his half-brothers on 14 July 1990.

Mewari language

Mewari is a variety Marwari spoken in Rajasthan, India, primarily the Mewar region and Sindh, Pakistan near the border with India. It is the second most spoken language in Rajasthan after Marwari.

Persian Romani

Persian Romani also known as Ghorbati/Qorbati (قوربتی) is a Persian and Romani mixed language spoken in Khorasan (Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan) as well as Central Asia (Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Kyrgyzstan). It has mostly Persian vocabulary with a few additional native Romani words.

Sindhi Bhili (dialect)

Sindhi Bhili/Bhilki is a dialect of Sindhi Language spoken by the Hindu Sindhi Bhil and Sindhi Meghwar, community of Pakistan scattered across Sindh and Balochistan.

Loarki language

Loarki is a Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan as well as Rajasthan, India.

Campion, Western Australia

Campion was a town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is on the Koorda–Bullfinch Road. Chandler is nearby, and the closest main town is Mukinbudin. Now Campion is a ghost town. Nobody lives there.

Campion was named after Sir William Campion. He was the Governor of Western Australia from 1924 to 1931.

Retired soldiers started the town as part of a soldier settlement scheme. They built a school in 1925 and a railway siding in 1927. The siding was used until 1957.

The "Emu War" of 1932 happened in Campion.


All Saints (All Saints album)

All Saints is the debut studio album by English girl band All Saints. The album was released on November 24, 1997 through London Records. It spawned the biggest single "Never Ever.

Guerrilla of Ñancahuazú

The Guerrilla of Ñancahuzú was a war that took place between November 3, 1966 and October 9, 1967 in Bolivia, in the department of Santa Cruz. This conflict was between the Bolivian National Liberation Army, led by Ernesto Gevara and supported by Cuba and the Soviet Union, against the Bolivian army, supported by the United States.

The result was a victory for the Bolivian army and the CIA with the capture and execution of "Che" Guevara.

The guerrilla begins with the organization of a guerrilla group in Bolivia commanded by Ernesto Guevara who, after his failed attempt to establish a communist dictatorship in Africa, tries in South America, using Bolivia as an ideal point for the expansion of his ideals. The CIA warned and prepared the Bolivian Army in anti-guerrilla struggle which allowed them to capture Che Guevara in La Higuera (Vallegrande Province) on October 8, 1967 in the Quebrada del Churo, Che was executed by the Bolivian Army on October 9, 1967.

Meitei mythology

Meitei mythology or Manipuri mythology is a collection of myths about the religious and cultural traditions of the Meitei people, the largest ethnic group of Manipur. Meitei myths are a part of Meitei culture (Manipuri culture) and explain various natural phenomena, how the human civilization developed, and the reasons of many things happening. Most of the Meitei legends are found in the Meitei language (Manipuri language) books.

Mythical narration plays an important role in nearly every ways of Meitei literature. Some of the best known literary sources are:
Mythical beings include gods, goddesses, mythical creatures and many others.

Campbell Scott

Campbell Scott (born July 19, 1961) is an American actor, producer and director. His roles include Steve Dunne in "Singles", Mark Usher in "House of Cards", Joseph Tobin in "Damages", Richard Parker in "The Amazing Spider-Man" and "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" and Lewis Dodgson in "Jurassic World Dominion".

Chamber of Representatives of Uruguay

The Chamber of Representatives () is the lower house of the General Assembly of Uruguay ("Asamblea General de Uruguay"). The Chamber has 99 members, elected for a five-year term with at least two members per department.

General Assembly of Uruguay

The General Assembly of Uruguay () is the legislative branch of the government of Uruguay, and has two chambers: the Chamber of Senators and the Chamber of Representatives. General Assembly has 130 voting members: 99 representatives and 30 senators, the Vice President of the Republic, who is the President of the General Assembly, and the Senate has the right to vote. 

The legislature meets in the Legislative Palace in Montevideo. Both senators and representatives serve for five-year terms.

Vice President of Uruguay

The vice president of Uruguay is the person with the second highest position in the executive branch of the Uruguayan government, after the President of Uruguay. The Vice President replaces the elected President in case of his death or absence. The vice president is also an officer in the legislative branch, as president of the Chamber of Senators and of the General Assembly.

The current Vice President is Beatriz Argimón, who took office on March 1, 2020.

Danilo Astori

Danilo Ángel Astori Saragosa (April 23, 1940 – November 10, 2023) was a Uruguayan social democratic politician. He was Vice President of Uruguay from 2010 to 2015. He was the Minister of Economics and Finance from 2005 to 2008.

In October 2023, Astori was hospitalised with a fractured hip; he subsequently died of respiratory failure on 10 November 2023, at the age of 83.

Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez

Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez (born 29 August 1962) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the Vice President of Uruguay from 1 March 2015 to 13 September 2017.

Rodolfo Nin Novoa

Rodolfo Nin Novoa (born 25 January 1948) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the 14th vice president of Uruguay from 2005 to 2010. He also was Minister of Foreign Relations of Uruguay from 2015 to 2020 under Tabaré Vázquez.

Luis Antonio Hierro López

Luis Antonio Hierro López (born June 6, 1947) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the 13th vice president of Uruguay from 2000 to 2005 under Jorge Batlle. He was a member of the Colorado Party. Hierro López was National Representative, Senator and as Ministry of the Interior. He also was President of the Chamber of Representatives. 

Jorge Pacheco Areco

Jorge Pacheco Areco (April 9, 1920 – July 29, 1998) was a Uruguayan politician and member of the Colorado Party. He was the President of Uruguay from December 6, 1967 to March 1, 1972.

Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez

Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez (January 25, 1940 – April 27, 2021) was a Uruguayan politician, lawyer, and newspaper columnist. He was Vice President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995. He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. He was a member of the National Party. Aguirre Ramírez was also a member of the Senate of Uruguay from 1985 until 1990.

Aguirre Ramírez died on April 27, 2021 in Montevideo from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 81.

Hugo Fernández Faingold

Hugo Fernández Faingold (born 1 March 1947) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the Vice President of Uruguay from 1998 until 2000. He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. He was a member of the Colorado Party. In 1989, he unsuccessfully ran for President of Uruguay.

Beatriz Argimón

Beatriz Argimón Cedeira (born 14 August 1961) is a Uruguayan politician. She is a member of the National Party (PN). She is the 18th Vice President of Uruguay since March 1, 2020. 

She was a National Representative for Montevideo Department between 2000 and 2010, and has been a member of the National Party Board since 2009. 

Artigas Barrios

Artigas Barrios (7 July 1937 – 16 June 2022) was an Uruguayan politician. He was born in Lascano, Uruguay. He was a member of the National Front Party. Barrios was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 2000 until 2005. He also was an Intendant of Rocha Department from 2005 until 2015.

Barrios died on 16 June 2022 in Montevideo, Uruguay from pneumonia, aged 84

Jan Klijnjan

Jan Klijnjan (26 February 1945 – 15 June 2022) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a midfielder and striker. He made 11 appearances for the Netherlands national team between 1967 and 1972. Klijnjan was born in Papendrecht, Netherlands.

Klijnjan died on 15 June 2022 in Dordrecht, Netherlands at the age of 77.

Don Neely

Donald Owen Neely (21 December 1935 – 16 June 2022) was a New Zealand cricket historian, administrator and player. He was the president of New Zealand Cricket from 2006 until 2009. He wrote over 30 books on New Zealand cricket. Neely was born in Wellington, New Zealand. A player, he played for the Wellington cricket team from 1964 until 1968 and Auckland cricket team from 1968 until 1971.

Neely died on 16 June 2022 in Wellington at the age of 86.

Jean-Jacques Barthe

Jean-Jacques Barthe (27 June 1936 – 10 June 2022) was a French PCF politician. Barthe was born in Calais, France. He was a member of the French National Assembly from 1973 until 1988. Barthe was also the Mayor of Calais from 1971 to 2000. Barthe was also a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe from 1981 until 1982.

Barthe died on 10 June 2022 in Calais at the age of 85.

Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe

The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) is the parliamentary body of the Council of Europe. They focus on making and passing laws in the European Union supporting human rights, democracy and the rule of law.

The Assembly is made up of 306 members. They meet four times a year for week-long sessions in Strasbourg, France.

The Assembly held its first session in Strasbourg on 10 August 1949, making it one of the oldest international assemblies in Europe. 

Some of they goals they focus on are:

Dom Phillips

Dominic Mark Phillips better known as Dom Phillips (23 July 1964 – 13 June 2022) was a British journalist and freelance writer for The Guardian, he wrote for the Washington Post, The New York Times and The Financial Times.

On June 5, 2022, he and Brazilian indigenous peoples expert Bruno Araújo Pereira disappeared in the remote Javari Valley on the western edge of Brazil's Amazon state, one of the most remote areas of the rainforest.

On June 3, 2022, The expert on Indigenous peoples Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips arrived at Lago do Jaburu, a town near the surveillance base of the National Indian Foundation (Funai) on the Ituí River, so that Phillips could visit the place and conduct interviews with indigenous people. They then went to the community of São Rafael where they would hold a meeting with a local fisherman nicknamed "Churrasco". The objective of the meeting was to discuss the joint work between riverside residents and indigenous people in the surveillance of the Javari Valley, a territory highly affected by invasions and criminal activities. However, the resident was not in the community. Bruno and Dom traveled down the Itaguaí River to the municipality of Atalaia do Norte and then disappeared.

The Brazilian embassy released a statement that his body had been found on Monday, 13 June, but retracted it the following day, apologizing to Phillips' family for "information that did not prove correct."

On 15 June, a man named Amarildo da Costa da Oliveira, who was arrested days before in connection with the case, confessed to shooting and killing both Phillips and Pereira. He also told the police where the remains were buried. The remains were then discovered by the Brazilian authorities, who sent them to the country’s capital, Brasilia, to be examined.

On 17 June, the remains that were discovered were identified as belonging to Phillips, these were authenticated through dental records. The second body - believed to be of Pereira, was still being examined.

Tony Boskovic

Anton "Tony" Boskovic (27 January 1933 – 16 June 2022) was a Croatian-born Australian soccer referee. He was born in Blato, Croatia. He refereed two matches in the FIFA World Cup, one in 1974 and one in 1982. He entered the Football Federation Australia Hall of Fame in 1999.

Boskovic died on 16 June 2022, aged 89.

Father of the Bride (2022 movie)

Father of the Bride is a 2022 American romantic comedy movie directed by Gaz Alazraki. It is based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Edward Streeter. The movie stars Andy García, Gloria Estefan, Adria Arjona, Isabela Merced, Diego Boneta, and Chloe Fineman. It is the third filmed version of the story, after the original 1950 movie and the 1991 remake. It was released on June 16, 2022, by Warner Bros. Pictures and HBO Max to positive reviews.

Diego Boneta

Diego Andrés González Boneta (born November 29, 1990) is a Mexican actor, producer and singer. He appeared in the movie "Rock of Ages" (2012) and the "Netflix" biographical series "" (2018). 

Boneta has triple citizenship, the other two being from the United States and Spain.

Edward Streeter

Edward Streeter (August 1, 1891 – March 31, 1976), sometimes credited as E. Streeter, was an American novelist, banker and journalist. He was best known for writing the 1949 novel "Father of the Bride" and his "Dere Mable" series. Streeter was born in Buffalo, New York. He began writing novels while he was Vice President of Fifth Avenue Bank.

Streeter died on March 31, 1976 in New York City, aged 84.

Nancy Meyers

Nancy Jane Meyers (born December 8, 1949) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. She is made "Private Benjamin" (1980), "Irreconcilable Differences" (1984), "Baby Boom" (1987), "Father of the Bride" (1991), "Father of the Bride Part II" (1995), "The Parent Trap" (1998), "What Women Want" (2000), "Something's Gotta Give" (2003), "The Holiday" (2006), "It's Complicated" (2009), and "The Intern" (2015).

Meyers was nominated for an Academy Award for best screenwriting for "Private Benjamin" (1980).

Cass Sunstein

Cass Robert Sunstein (born September 21, 1954) is an American legal scholar and politician. He studies of constitutional law, administrative law, environmental law, and law and behavioral economics. 

He wrote "The World According to Star Wars" (2016) and "Nudge " (2008). He was the Administrator of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2012.

In 2008, he married Samantha Power.

Dominik García-Lorido

Dominik Cristina García-Lorido (born August 16, 1983) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in "The Lost City" as Mercedes Fellove and "City Island" as Vivian Rizzo. Her father is actor Andy García. She also had a role in the television series "Magic City".

Johnny Groen

Johnny Groen (born 6 December 1945) is a former Dutch volleyball player and coach.

He was a member of the Dutch national team. He played among others at the 1968 West European Championships in Germany.

After playing with Oldehove in Leeuwarden he moved to Oranje Nassau in Groningen. At the time he played with Oranje Nassau he also played with the National Military Team in 1967. In the late 1960s he moved to SFC in Assen where he became the most important player of the club. In September 1969 the chairman of the club Blokkeer in Rijswijk stated that Groen would move to that club. This was at the time denied by Groen. However in May 1970 he announced that he would moved to Blokkeer in The Hague where he as also offered by the club a job and a house. However, he didn’t move directly from Assen where he lived, as he wanted to complete his studies physical education in Groningen first. Groen's departure was seen as an important loss for the club. In 1975 he was the main attacker of the club Gaggenau and became with the club national champion. In the late 1970s Groen played with Viano. He had a conflict with the team in February 1979.

In mid-1979 he became volleyball trainer of LUSV in Leiden.

Ragamuffin War

The Ragamuffin War (Portuguese: "Guerra dos Farrapos" or "Revolução Farroupilha") was an uprising that began in southern Brazil. It started in the province (current state) of Rio Grande do Sul in 1835.


Jan Koster

Jan Koster (29 June 1943 — 3 April 2013) was a Dutch footballer, professional volleyball player, volleyball coach and pub owner. During his playing career he played as a libero for 16 years in the Dutch Volleyball League, being a key person for the teams he played with. 

Koster didn’t accept the offer to play for the national team. Although not playing for the national team, Koster was named as one of the best volleyball players of Drenthe in the 1970s and possibly one of the best ever Dutch libero players.

During his best years he was nicknamed due to his good technique (translated: Jan with the golden hands) or (translated: Jan with the velvet hands).

Af young age Koster played both volleyball and football. As a footballer he played with Asser Christelijke Voetbalvereniging and made his debut in the first league at the age of 16. Two years later he didn’t want to combine football and volleyball and chose, also because of his friend, for volleyball.

He played a total of 16 seasons in the Dutch volleyball league. He started playing with SUES and he played afterwards with SFC in Assen. Koster was a key person for the team. After Hans Zaaijer and Jelke Smit left the club, Koster also left SFC in 1973 and became player and trainer with Oranje Nassau in Groningen. He also started studying economics in Groningen. The team was very dissatisfied that he left, also because negotiations had already been done with him. However, he returned as coach at SFC for the women’s team. He trained the women’s team for three seasons until 1977. He was successful with the team. He stopped because he couldn’t combine it anymore with his job as pub owner. He was from 1981 coach of Lycurgus, replacing .

During his career Koster played for the national student team and the national militairy team. He was invited, but didn’t accept the offer to play for the main national team.

Koster worked as a gymnastic teacher. Koster took over pub “Havenzicht” in 1975 together with volleyball player Piet Swieter, but short after it became his own cafe. The cafe was a well known meeting place for (known) volleyball players, basketball players and other sportspeople. Koster had a room above Havenzicht but lived somewhere else.

Koster died in 3 April 2013. Koster was described after his death by coach of the 1996 Olympic winning team Joop Alberda as “legendary”. After his death, Havenzicht was closed after almost 150 years in July 2020.

Tepuihyla luteolabris

The Marahuaca tree frog ("Tepuihyla luteolabris") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen on two table-shaped mountains: Marahuaca Norte in Amazonas and Cerro Galicia in Sierra de San Luis.

Human rights in Burundi

Burundi has been cited as a State guilty of human rights abuses. The 2010 Transparency International report named Burundi as the most corrupt country in East Africa.

Human rights in Rwanda

Human rights in Rwanda have been violated on a grand scale. The greatest violation is the Rwandan genocide of Tutsi in 1994. The post-genocide government is also responsible for grave violations of human rights.

LGBT rights in Kenya

Homosexual acts are illegal in Kenya and punishable by up to 14 years in prison. Although the state often turns a blind eye to prosecute gay people. 
According to a 2013 survey by the Pew Research Center, 90% of Kenyans believe that homosexuality should not be accepted by society. 
While addressing a joint press conference with President Barack Obama in 2015, President Kenyatta declined to assure Kenya's commitment to gay rights. He said that "the issue of gay rights is really a non-issue... But there are some things that we must admit we don't share. Our culture, our societies don't accept."

Human rights in South Sudan

Human rights in South Sudan are a long term issue. It is part of the country's violent history.

Human rights in Ethiopia

Ethiopia has a long history of social conservatism and same-sex activity is considered a minor phenomenon. In addition to that, there is no clear evidence of same-sex activity in the past until 2008, ensued by rapidly but rare appearance of LGBT scenes through urban areas of Addis Ababa.

Human rights in China

There is disagreement about human rights in China. The Chinese Communist Party, the government of the People's Republic of China and their supporters say that existing policies and enforcement measures are sufficient to guard against human rights abuses. Other countries and their authorities (such as the United States Department of State, and Global Affairs Canada), and some international non-governmental organizations including Human Rights in China and Amnesty International, and citizens, lawyers, and dissidents inside the country, say that the authorities in mainland China organize such abuses. They say freedom of speech, movement, and religion of its citizens are not respected.
The Chinese authorities say that they define human rights differently. They include economic and social as well as political rights, all in relation to "national culture" and the level of development of the country. Their definition is not the same as in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The Chinese constitution has the Four Cardinal Principles which they say are more important:


In 2001, homosexuality was removed from the official list of mental illnesses in China. China recognizes neither same-sex marriage nor civil unions.

According to the criminal law of the PRC, only females can be victims of rape, and a man who has been raped cannot accuse the rapists (who can be men or women) of rape. However, the criminal law of the PRC's constitution in mainland China had been amended in August 2015. Thus, males can be victims of indecency, but the articles on the criminal law which are related to rape still remain unchanged, so male rape victims can only accuse the rapists of indecency.

In 2023 China got the lowest ranking in the world for safety from state actions and the right to assemble by the New Zealand Human Rights Measurement Initiative. It did much better on economic indicators, such as the right to food, health and housing.

Seaxburh of Wessex

Seaxburh (died c. 674) was a queen of Wessex.

Vyt-lès-Belvoir

Vyt-lès-Belvoir is a commune (township) in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.

Vacation Bible school

A Vacation Bible School (VBS) is a kind of religious education for children. Churches usually hold the schools for a week during the summer, but how long each VBS lasts can change. Vacation Bible Schools sometimes happen during other times of the year, too.

Vaghri language

Vaghri is a Indo-Aryan language of Sindh, Pakistan. It is closely related to Wagdi, Bauria, and Gujarati.The speakers of Vaghri are Hindu.

Wagdi language

Wagdi is a language spoken in Southern Rajasthan, India as well as in Sindh, Pakistan. It is sometimes considered a dialect of the Bhili language.

Tengrism

Tengrism is a shamanistic indigenous pagan religion of the Turkic peoples.

The highest deity of the religion is Khan Tengri (Sky God). Because of the importance of this deity, the religion has the features of monotheism. There are also parts of the religion that are polytheistic and animistic. 

The relationship to Shamanism is the subject of controversy. According to some, the Tengrist cult of heaven and shamanism are two different traditions. According to others, this cult existed as a part of shamanism. There is no male circumcision in Tengrism. Parents who become believers in Modern Tengrisim do not circumcise their male children.

Modern Tengrism started at the time of the end of the Soviet Union in the intellectual circles of the Turkish peoples in Central Asia. It is most common with the Tatars, Kazakhs and Kyrgyz people. A return to the surviving traditions is also taking place in Yakutia and Tuva. Similar movements also exists in Turkey.

Tepuihyla shushupe

Tepuihyla shushupe is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: high up in the rivers Ere and Campuya. This is in Peru but near Colombia. They saw it 145 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 85.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 85.7 mm long. The iris of the eye is whitish in color with red around the outside. The scientists looked at living frogs. They saw they were light green in color on the back and yellow-green on the belly. This frog has bumps on its skin. There is dark brown color on the back of each bump. Parts of the legs are whitish in color and parts are yellow-green. This frog has extra skin on the sides of all four legs.

This frog lives on high places where the ground is flat There are many dead leaves on the ground, many tree roots, and small wet places nearby. When scientists caught the first frog to examine, it was sitting in a hole in a tree.

The scientists named this frog "shushupe" because that is like the name of a snake in the language spoken by the humans who live nearby. This snake's scientific name is "Lachesis muta". Stories say that this snake can sing. "Lachesis muta" lives in the same places as "Tepuihyla shushupe". Scientists think people heard the frog sing and thought it was the snake singing. 

Jan Vlieg

Jan Vlieg (born 1 February 1950) is a former Dutch table tennis player, head coach and president of the Dutch national table tennis federation (NTTB).

His brother Anne Vlieg is also a former table tennis player and national head coach.

Vlieg was born in Workum on 1 February 1950. In 1962 he moved to Middelstum. Vlieg started playing table tennis in 1965. Hè became Dutch National Student Champion. Vlieg became founder, chairman and coach of “Midstars”. He was the coach Midstars became national champion. He was the head coach of the Dutch national selections of the Dutch national table tennis federation (NTTB) in the 1980s until September 1990. In 1985 Vlieg selected his brother Anne Vlieg for the national selection, and not national champion . On his own costs he made sure that the Chinese table tennis player Li Ji Shu came to the Netherlands, to help improving the level of the Dutch players. In March 1989 he became Groningen sport coach of the year.

Vlieg became president of the NTTB from 1 September 1990, initially with a contract until the 1992 Summer Olympics. The 1992 European Championships had never been that successful for the Netherlands with four medals including a gold one of Bettine Vriesekoop. His contract was extended as he was president until 1 September 1993.

Vlieg has criticized the amount of media coverage of small sports, like table tennis.


Elysia

Elysia is a genus of sea slugs, They are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Plakobranchidae. These animals are very colorful. They can look like nudibranchs, but are not very closely related to them. They are sacoglossans, commonly known as sap-sucking slugs.

"Elysia" sea slugs eat algae. Some species such as "E. viridis" and "E. chlorotica" use the chloroplasts in the algae for themselves. The chloroplasts line the slug’s digestive tract. It lets the slugs live by photosynthesis for several months at a time. Exactly how the slugs use the chloroplasts is unclear. Many of the proteins used by chloroplasts are encoded in the genome of their cells. There are hunreds of these proteins. They are made in the cell’s nucleus. They are then moved into the chloroplast. This lets the slug.

This genus was said to be in the family Stiligeridae. It has also been placed in the family Elysiidae.

Jabsco pump

A Jabsco pump, neoprene vane pump or self-priming neoprene vane pump, is a type of pump used for liquid handling. 
They are used when water or other liquids must be pumped. In this type of pump, the fluid is sucked continuously, with a capacity depending on the size of the pump and the speed of rotation of the neoprene impeller. 

It has a cylindrical compartment with a false deflector that turns it into an oval. Inside the cylinder rotates an impeller with radial neoprene blades, whose turning movement ensures the formation of variable volume chambers with the compartment wall. Since the impeller is in a non-central position, the formation of chambers (delimited by the impeller blades) of variable volume occurs, between which the fluid passes, which the blades suck from the inlet hole and push towards the hole. exit. 

The first self-priming neoprene vane pumps date back to a 1953 patent issued to Jabsco. The US patent USA no. 422,191 for a "self-priming neoprene pump." In 1982 another patent was given to Jabsco UK (1982-12-23, Priority to GB08205279A) extending the number of blades of the neoprene impeller to 16. 

The unique shape of the neoprene impeller rotating inside the oval cavity makes this pump completely self-priming. It can also automatically pump the water needed to cool a boat's engine. This works even if the pump is mounted above the water level, as a vacuum is created in the unit that sucks water from any level and from environments as varied as they can be: the sea, a lake or a stream. 

The neoprene blade unit can be used with any potable water storage tank as it applies a pressure to the water distribution circuit equal to the strong depression with which it sucks water from the tank and no pressure tank or air compressor system are needed. The system is easy to install. If instant hot water is needed, simply connect the vane pump outlet to a water heater.


A Classic Case

A Classic Case is an album by Jethro Tull, playing with the London Symphony Orchestra. The album was released on December 31, 1985.

Persian language in Pakistan

Persian has been the official language of Pakistan until modern times. The modern region of Pakistan has been part of many Iranian and Persian empires since its discovery and many varieties of Persian including Dari had been the language of communication between the different ethnicities. In Pakistan, Persian has now become a minority language and had been replaced by Urdu by the British. Islamabad and Tehran maintain an active archival library in F-8. The library is named after a local poet and Pir Shah Ghareeb Nawaz and is the largest archive of Persian literature this side of the Indus.

Lucius Junius Brutus

Lucius Junius Brutus was the founder of the Roman Republic, and one of the first consuls in 509 BC. He was the nephew of the King of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus. Brutus had been summoned by the noblewoman Lucretia after she had been raped by the King's son. She believed that the rape defiled her, and she committed suicide by stabbing herself with a knife. It is said that Brutus held the knife, shouting for the overthrow of the Monarchy.
Brutus led a revolt, which resulted in the overthrow of the Monarchy. Brutus then made an oath, that never again will there be a King of Rome. He was elected as the first Consul, along with Lucretia's husband, Lucius Tarquinius Collatinus. Soon the Royal Family tried to regain the throne, with two of the conspirators being Brutus' two sons. The conspirators were all executed, including his two sons. Collatinus was also removed, with a number of reasons suggested by scholars.
Tarquinius tried to retake the throne again, and led an army to war. In the Battle of Silvia Arsia, as it was called, both Tarquinius and Brutus stabbed each other, causing their deaths.

Walgoolan, Western Australia

Walgoolan is a small town in the eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is between Merredin and Bodallin along the Great Eastern Highway. Walgoolan was started between 1895 and 1899. It began as a railroad siding. Land was set aside for a townsite in 1913. Lots were surveyed in 1922. The townsite was gazetted in 1923.

The name of the town is Aboriginal and means "place where the short bushes grow".

After World War I, nearly 100 settlers took land in the area. They planted cereal crops, mostly wheat. 

In 1932, Emu War, started in Walgoolan.

The Great Depression and many droughts hurt the area. By 1940 there was only one shop and the townsite was abandoned soon after. By 2010 only 10 families remain in the district.

Chandler, Western Australia

Chandler is a rural place between Merredin and Mukinbudin in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. 

The town was started to support the nearby alunite (a source of potash) mine at nearby Lake Campion. The mine was a state government project with government employees. A potash works was built in the town in 1943.

After World War II, the government closed down the plant. Australian Plaster Industries started production of gypsum in 1949 that is used to make plaster of paris and plasterboard. Then, the town grew and had two main streets, over 70 houses, a telephone exchange, a school, and powerhouse. Production stopped in 1952. The whole town was sold off in 1953.

The town was named after Mr J Chandler, a farmer, who had discovered the alunite deposits.

Robert Dudley

Robert Dudley is the name of:



2022 Formula One World Championship

The 2022 FIA Formula One World Championship was a motor racing championship for Formula One cars, which was the 73rd running of the Formula One World Championship. It is recognised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the governing body of international motorsport, as the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars. The championship was contested over twenty-two Grands Prix, which were held around the world, and ended earlier than in recent years to avoid overlapping with the FIFA World Cup.

Drivers and teams competed for the titles of World Drivers' Champion and World Constructors' Champion, respectively. The 2022 championship saw the introduction of significant changes to the sport's technical regulations. These changes had been intended to be introduced in 2021, but were delayed until 2022 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Max Verstappen, who was the reigning Drivers' Champion, claimed his second title at the Japanese Grand Prix, while his team, Red Bull Racing, achieved their fifth World Constructor Championship, and first since 2013, at the following United States Grand Prix. Mercedes were the reigning Constructors' Champion.

This was the final season for four-time World Champion Sebastian Vettel. Seven-time Champion Lewis Hamilton endured a difficult season with Mercedes failing to secure either a pole position or Grand Prix win during the season, the first time either occurrence had happened in his Formula One career since it began in 2007.

The following constructors and drivers are currently under contract to compete in the 2022 World Championship. All teams compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli. Each team is required to enter at least two drivers, one for each of the two mandatory cars.

Prior to the 2021 Dutch Grand Prix, Kimi Räikkönen announced his intention to retire at the end of the championship, ending his Formula One career after 19 seasons. Räikkönen's seat at Alfa Romeo was filled by Valtteri Bottas, who left Mercedes at the end of 2021. George Russell replaced Bottas, vacating his seat at Williams which was filled by former Red Bull Racing driver Alexander Albon.

Formula 2 driver Zhou Guanyu graduated to Formula One with Alfa Romeo, in place of Antonio Giovinazzi, who left the team at the end of 2021.

Nikita Mazepin was originally due to compete for Haas for a second consecutive year. Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine and Uralkali's title sponsorship cancellation, his contract was terminated. He was replaced by Kevin Magnussen, who last competed in with the same team.

During Bahrain Grand Prix weekend, Sebastian Vettel tested positive for coronavirus. He was replaced at Aston Martin by reserve driver Nico Hülkenberg, who last raced at the 2020 Eifel Grand Prix, driving for former team Racing Point. Vettel was also replaced by Hülkenberg at the subsequent Saudi Arabian Grand Prix.

During the Italian Grand Prix weekend, Alexander Albon suffered from appendicitis. He was replaced at Williams by the Mercedes reserve driver 2020–21 Formula E and 2019 Formula 2 Champion Nyck de Vries, who made his Formula One race debut.

<div style="overflow-x: auto; margin: 1em 0">
!style="vertical-align:middle"|
! style="vertical-align:middle;"|Driver
!BHR
!SAU
!AUS
!EMI
!MIA
!ESP
!MON
!AZE
!CAN
!GBR
!AUT
!FRA
!HUN
!BEL
!NED
!ITA
!SIN
!JPN
!USA
!MXC
!SAP
!ABU
! style="vertical-align:middle" |Points
! 1
! 366
! 2
! 253
! 3
! 252
! 4
! 207
! 5
! 202
! 6
! 180
! 7
! 101
! 8
! 78
! 9
! 65
! 10
! 46
! 11
! 32
! 12
! 29
! 13
! 23
! 14
! 22
! 15
! 13
! 16
! 12
! 17
! 11
! 18
! 6
! 19
! 4
! 20
! 2
! 21
! 2
! 22
! 0
!style="vertical-align:middle"|
!style="vertical-align:middle"|Driver
!BHR
!SAU
!AUS
!EMI
!MIA
!ESP
!MON
!AZE
!CAN
!GBR
!AUT
!FRA
!HUN
!BEL
!NED
!ITA
!SIN

Religion of Sikkim

The most common religions of Sikkim are Hinduism and Vajrayana Buddhism.

Season (television)

A season in television is the group of episodes that that are broadcast in one year. The term is commonly used in North American television. In British television, the term series is used. 

In the United States, Canada and Mexico, a series is a set of television program episodes that are broadcast with the same title. A series last for one or many years. Each year of the series is called a season. Since the late 1960s, a season has commonly included between 20 and 26 episodes. Before then, a season would often have at least 30 episodes. Some series had as many as 39 episodes in a season.

Until the 1980s, most new programs for the United States were first broadcast in the "fall season". This ran from September through March. Is usually included from 24 to 26 episodes. These episodes were rebroadcast during the spring (or summer) season, from April through August. Because of cable television and the Nielsen sweeps, the "fall" season now normally lasts to May. A "full season" on a now usually runs from September through May for at least 22 episodes.
A full season is sometimes split into two parts. A break is taken around the end of the calendar year. When this is done, the last half of the episodes are often referred to with the letter B. For example, "The last nine episodes (of "The Sopranos") will be part of what is being called either "Season 6, Part 2" or "Season 6B". Since the 1990s, these shorter seasons also have been referred to as ".5" or half seasons. In them, the run of shows between September and December is labeled "Season X", and the second run between January and May labeled "Season X.5". Examples of this include the 2004 version of "Battlestar Galactica", ABC's "FlashForward" and ABC Family's "Make It or Break It".

Newer broadcast television series are often ordered (funded) for just the first 10 to 13 episodes. This is done to see if there is audience interest. If a series is popular, the network places a "back nine order" and the season is completed to the regular 20 to 26 episodes. A series that is already popular will normally have a full-season order at the start of the season. A midseason replacement is a series of usually 10 to 13 episodes. They are used to take the place of an original series that was not "picked up" for a full season because it was not well liked by the audience. A "series finale" is the last episode of the series before the program is no longer produced.

A standard television season in the United States runs from late September to May. During the summer months of June through mid-September, network broadcast reruns of their popular programs, new series that are not expected to have high ratings and other specials. Reality and game shows have also been used in this part of the schedule.

In India, the programs are usually called "serials". A series is usually at least 200 episodes, of 20 to 25 minutes each. On special episodes, referred to as "Maha-Episodes", the episodes last up to about 45 to 50 minutes. The program is broadcast until the (television rating point) is a little less than decent. The rating points depend on many things. Series which fail to attract TRP for a long time are usually ended.

In the United Kingdom and other countries, these sets of episodes are called a "series". In Australia, the broadcasting may be different from North American usage. The terms "series" and "season" are both used and are the same. 
Australian television does not follow "seasons" in the way that American television does. For example, there is no "fall season" or "fall schedule". For many years, popular night-time dramas in Australia would run for much of the year. They would only go into recess during the summer period. This is from December to February in Australia. During this time, ratings are not taken. Popular dramas would usually run from February through November each year. Many drama series, such as "McLeod's Daughters", have between 22 and 32 episodes in each season. soap operas would usually begin a new season in late January. Their season finale would be in late November. The show would be off air for two months. Depending on the schedule this time off is sometimes longer. In recent years, a new season begins in early February. The season finale would broadcast in early December. Australian situation comedy series' seasons are about 13 episodes long. They begin any time between February and November.

British shows have tended toward shorter series in recent years. For example, the first series of the science fiction programme "Doctor Who" in 1963 had forty-two 25‑minute episodes. It had a similar number each year until it was reduced to twenty-five for 1970. This was done because of changes in production. It also reduced the actors' workload. The revival of "Doctor Who" from 2005 has had thirteen 45‑minute episodes. There are some series in the United Kingdom that have a larger number of episodes. For example "Waterloo Road" started with 8 to 12 episodes. From series three onward, it increased to twenty episodes. Series seven will contain 30 episodes.

Vigil (movie)

Vigil is a 1984 New Zealand drama movie directed by first time director Vincent Ward and starring Penelope Stewart, Frank Whitten, Bill Kerr, Fiona Kay, Gordon Shields.


The Angry Birds Movie 2

The Angry Birds Movie 2 is a 2019 computer-animated comedy movie. It is based on Rovio Entertainment's "Angry Birds" video game series, produced by Columbia Pictures, Sony Pictures Animation, and Rovio Animation, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.


The Philadelphia Experiment (movie)

The Philadelphia Experiment is a 1984 American Canadian science fiction romantic fantasy movie directed by Stewart Raffill and was based on the 1979 novel by Charles Berlitz and William L. Moore. It stars Michael Paré, Nancy Allen, Eric Christmas, Bobby Di Cicco, Louise Latham, Kene Holliday and was distributed by New World Pictures. It was followed by a sequel in 1993.


Martial law under Ferdinand Marcos

At 7:17 pm on September 23, 1972, Filipino president Ferdinand Marcos announced on television about the martial law.

The Buccaneer (1958 movie)

The Buccaneer is a 1958 American adventure movie directed by first time director Anthony Quinn and starring Inger Stevens, Henry Hull, Claire Bloom, Charles Boyer, Charlton Heston, Lorne Greene, Robert Warwick, E. G. Marshall. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a remake of the 1938 movie of the same name.


Tepuihyla rodriguezi

Rodriguez's Amazon tree frog, Senaris' tree frog, Kaieteur Tepui tree frog, or Gorzula's Amazon tree frog ("Tepuihyla rodriguezi") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists have seen it between 366 and 2440 meters above sea level.

Ramananda

Sri Ramanandacharya was a poet, who was to Vaishnavism. Most Hindu people think that he started Ramanandi Sampradaya. He was born in 1199 CE, and died some time from 1495 CE.

Lineage of Ramanandacharya starts from Lord Ram and in that lineage Ramanandacharya comes at 22nd position :

परधाम्नि स्थितो रामःपुण्डरीकायतेक्षणः ।
सेवया परया जुष्टो जानक्यै तारकं ददौ ॥ १॥

श्रियः श्रीरपि लोकानां दुखोद्धरणहेतवे ।
हनूमते ददौ मन्त्रं सदा रामाङ्घ्रिसेविने ॥ २॥

ततस्तु ब्रह्मणा प्राप्तो मुह्यमानेन मायया ।
कल्पान्तरे तु रामो वै ब्रह्मणे दत्तवानिमम् ॥ ३॥

मन्त्रराजजपं कृत्वा धाता निर्मातृतां गतः ।
त्रयीसारमिमं धातुर्वसिष्ठो लब्धवान् परम् ॥ ४॥

पराशरो वसिष्ठाच्च सर्वसंस्कारसंयुतम् ।
मन्त्रराजं परं लब्ध्वा कृतकृत्यो बभूव ह ॥ ५॥

पराशरस्य सत्पुत्रो व्यासः सत्यवतीसुतः ।
पितुः षडक्षरं लब्ध्वा चक्रे वेदोपबृंहणम् ॥ ६॥

व्यासोऽपि बहुशिष्येषु मन्वानः शुभयोग्यताम् ।
परमहंसवर्य्याय शुकदेवाय दत्तवान् ॥ ७॥

शुकदेवकृपापात्रो बह्मचर्यव्रतेस्थितः ।
नरोत्तमस्तु तच्छिष्यो निर्वाणपदवीं गतः ॥ ८॥

स चापि परमाचार्यो गङ्गाधराय सूरये ।
मन्त्राणां परमं तत्त्वं राममन्त्रं प्रदत्तवान् ॥ ९॥

गङ्गाधरात् सदाचार्यस्ततो रामेश्वरो यतिः ।
द्वारानन्दस्ततो लब्ध्वा परब्रह्मरतोऽभवत् ॥ १०॥

देवानन्दस्तु तच्छिष्यः श्यामानन्दस्ततोऽग्रहीत् ।
तत्सेवया श्रुतानन्दश्चिदानन्दस्ततोऽभवत् ॥ ११॥

पूर्णानन्दस्ततो लब्ध्वा श्रियानन्दाय दत्तवान् ।
हर्यानन्दो महायोगी श्रियानन्दाङ्घ्रिसेवकः ॥ १२॥

हर्यानन्दस्य शिष्यो हि राघवानन्ददेशिकः ।
यस्य वै शिष्यतां प्राप्तो रामानन्दः स्वयं हरि ॥ १३॥

तस्माद् गुरुवारल्लब्ध्वा देवानामपि दुर्लभम् ।
प्रादात्तुभ्यमहन्तात गुह्यं तारकसंज्ञकम् ॥ १४॥

एवं परम्परा सौम्य प्रोक्ता श्रीसम्प्रदायिनाम् ।
मन्त्रराजस्य चाख्यातिर्भूम्यामेवमवातरत् ॥ १५॥

Lineage of Sri Sampraday:-

Sri Rama—

Srimati Sita—

Sri Hanuman—

Sri Brahma—

Sri Vasishta—

Sri Parashara—

Sri Veda Vyasa—

Sri Sukadevacharya—

Sri Bodhayan— (Bodhāyan Vrittikar)

Sri Gangadharacharya—

Sri Sadaanandacharya—

Sri Rameshwaranandacharya—

Sri Dvaranandacharya—

Sri Devanandacharya—

Sri Shyamanandacharya—

Sri Shrutanandacharya—

Sri Chidanandacharya—

Sri Purnanandacharya—

Sri Shriyanandacharya—

Sri Haryanandacharya—

Sri Raghavananadacharya—

Sri Ramanandacharya (Anand Bhashyakar)

Anne Vlieg

Anne Vlieg (born 1956) is a former Dutch table tennis player and head coach of the Dutch national table tennis federation (NTTB).

Vlieg competed about 70 times for the Dutch national team, but never won main prizes. He became once second at the national championships and became national double champion together with Han Gootzen.

His brother Jan Vlieg is also a former table tennis player and national head coach.

Born in Ferwerd in 1956 he moved at the age of five to Medemblik. Vlieg started playing table tennis at the age of 10 with table tennis club Midstars. He played in the first team together with brother Jan Vlieg and Tom Pitstra. At the end of the 1970s, they played in the national Eredivisie (main Dutch national league), competed in the National Cup and played with the club at European Cup. The first Europa Cup appearance was in 1977. In 1980 he moved to club ‘t Hooge Huys in Alkmaar.

As a member of the national table tennis team he played c. 70 matches. He competed at European Championships and World Championships. 

In 1978 he was involved in a dispute about the European Championships selection. At the 1978 NTTB-Cup Vlieg had to withdraw due to a foot injury as a result of playing indoor football. Due to this head coach Bert Schoofs didn’t select Vlieg for the European championships because, according to him, Vlieg “took a conscious risk and that shows an incorrect approach to table tennis”. Vlieg didn’t like the reasoning of Schoofs. Table tennis club “Tempo Team” also didn’t support the reasoning of the selection procedure including stating that playing indoor football is not a reason not to select Vlieg, as Bert van der Helm (who was selected) just returned from winter sport. As a result of the of “Tempo Team” the two “Tempo Team” players (Bert van der Helm and Nico Slobbe) who were selected to play the European Championships were removed from the selection. Vlieg was asked to join the team, however, Vlieg was solidair with Van der Helm and Slobbe and refused. After long discussions, the disagreement was settled and all three players were allowed to participate.

He was not a continuous member of the national selection. He returned in the selection in 1982, and again in 1985 when his brother was national head coach.

Vlieg suffered from mental problems when competing under pressure, resulting in, according to himself as a “mop backhand”.

Vlieg became a table tennis trainer. He became national head coach. Vlieg also coached several national table tennis teams. In 1993 when he was coach at VSB/Harkstede, “Treffers” made an offer that he would become their main trainer. In the late 1990s he became, together with his brother, trainer-coach of their original club: Midstars. The team returned to the Dutch highest league (Eredivisie) and became national champion.

Vlieg got burned out and quit his job at table tennis federation. He later started his own table tennis business in which his son is involved also.

Honestly, Nevermind

Honestly, Nevermind is the seventh studio album by Canadian rapper Drake. It was surprise-released on June 17, 2022, through OVO Sound and Republic. It is mostly a dance album.

24 (season 5)

Season 5 of the series 24 is known as Day 5. The season has 24 episodes with each lasting one hours in the story. It begins and ends at 7 a.m. The Season was on Television from January to May of 2006 and is considered the best season of the TV show. The season got 12 Primetime Emmy Award nominations and won five including Outstanding Drama Series. Critics praised Kiefer Sutherland, Gregory Itzin and Jean Smart for their acting.

Assasins frame Jack Bauer for the murder of President Palmer and attempt to kill those who helped Jack fake his death. Jack follows leads and ends up at Ontario airport. American President Logan and Russian President Suvarov are signing an anti-terrorist agreement. Terrorists take control of the same airport where Jack is and hold hostages. They threaten to kill the hostages if the treaty is signed. Jack helps officials to stop the terrorists. The terrorists, however, used the hostages as a diversion to acquire nerve gas. Jack learns that the White House Chief of Staff was involved. Nerve gas is used in a mall and unsuccessfully at a hospital. The terrorists release nerve gas in the CTU building, killing several workers. The last canister is used in a submarine, but also without success. The rest of the gas gets destroyed, but Jack learns President Logan was behind the attacks. The rest of the story involves Jack trying to get a recording to implicate Logan. With the first lady's help, Jack uses a listening piece to record the president confessing his crimes. Logan must relieve his presidency. In the very end, the Chinese kidnap Bauer.





The season received very positive reviews from critics. It has 100% on Rotten Tomatoes. According to the website: ""24" defies the law of diminishing returns with a spectacular fifth season that features White House intrigue, some of the most harrowing set-pieces in the series yet, and a heroically committed performance by Kiefer Sutherland."

Nieuwsblad van het Noorden

The Nieuwsblad van het Noorden (; "Newspaper of the North") is a former regional daily newspaper from the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. It was published from 1888 to 2002. In 2002, it was merged with the "Groninger Dagblad" and the "Drentse Courant" into the "Dagblad van het Noorden", which published its first edition on 2 April 2002.
The first issue of the "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden" appeared on 2 June 1888. Until 1997 its offices were in a 1903 Jugendstil building in the Gedempte Zuiderdiep designed by .

During the German occupation in World War II, the "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden", like many other Dutch newspapers, published anti-Semitic and pro-German articles. In 1944 they refused to hire a chief editor who was a member of the Dutch National Socialist Movement and publication of the newspaper was suspended. At that time, the Dutch National Socialist movement was the only legal party in the Netherlands. The paper reappeared on 26 January 1946, some time after the liberation of the Netherlands, with a circulation of 35,000 copies.

The "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden" came under criticism in 2000 with the publication of "Het Schandaal" (The Scandal) by Johan van Gelder, which threw new light on the newspaper's relationship with the German occupiers. The revelations in the book were in stark contrast to the representations of the two owners, the brothers Nico and Jan Abraham Hazewinkel.

From 2 April 2002 the newspaper was succeeded by the "Dagblad van het Noorden", a fusion with the "Groninger Dagblad" and the "Drentse Courant", which had previously been publishing together. All were published at that time by Hazewinkel Pers (Press). The "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden" published at midday; the other two were morning papers, as is the "Dagblad van het Noorden".


Old East Slavic

Old East Slavic (traditionally also Old Russian; ; ; ) was a language used during the 10th–15th centuries by East Slavs in Kievan Rus'.

Topography of Terror

The Topography of Terror (German: "Topographie des Terrors") is a history museum in Berlin, Germany. It is both indoors and outdoors. More than one million people visit the museum each year. It is the most visited museum in Berlin.

The buildings that were the headquarters of the SS and Gestapo were destroyed in 1945. For several decades, these buildings were somewhat forgotten. The location was a dump site. East Germany built the Berlin Wall in 1961 that went along the Niederkirchnerstrasse. The site was in East Germany and next to the wall. 

Dieter Hoffmann-Axthelm wrote about the importance of the site in 1978. However, the first exhibit on the destroyed buildings would only be in 1987. Excavators and researchers found a Gestapo prison cell, where prisoners had been tortured and killed. They decided to make a museum out of the site. They formed an exhibition in East Germany in 1989. After reunification, the city kept the part of the wall next to the site.

In 1992, further plans were to improve the site and create a building. There was an architectural competition, and Peter Zumthor won it. There was not enough money, so construction stopped. The city destroyed the structure and started a new building in 2004. The building design was by Ursula Wilms and the landscape by Heinz W. Hallmann. The building cost €20 million and took 2 years to build. The new museum opened in May of 2010. 

The museum shows the history of the Gestapo, SS, and Third Reich and their crimes. It includes the grounds of the former Main Office and headquarters of the Gestapo, SS and Reich Security. It is the central location where the Nazis planned most of their crimes including the Holocaust. The Berlin Wall is also part of the museum.
The permanent indoor exhibition is "Topography of Terror: Gestapo, SS and Reich Security Main Office on Wilhelm- and Prinz-Albrecht-Straße". It contains photos, documents, videos, and audio about the institutions and their crimes. There are five parts to the exhibition. They include The National Socialist Takeover of Power (I); Institutions of Terror (SS and Police) (II); Terror, Persecution and Extermination on Reich Territory (III); SS and Reich Security Main Office in the Occupied Countries (IV); and The End of the War and the Postwar Era (V). There are maps of the layout of SS stations (Leitstellen) and the structure of the Concentration Camps. 
The permanent exhibition outdoors is "Berlin 1933–1945: Between Propaganda and Terror". It tells how the National Socialists rose to power in Berlin and they changed the city. The main sections are Weimar Republic (I), Establishing the Führer's Dictatorship (II), Berlin and the "People's Community" (III), Wartime in Berlin 1939–1945 (IV); and Berlin and the Consequences of the Nazi Regime (V). There are documents, photos, and newspaper articles. Behind the glass, one can see ruins of buildings. 

Visitors can take live tours or audio tours of the museum's historic site. It includes 15 stations with photos, documents, and 3-D graphics and provides an overview of the grounds.

Special temporary exhibits have been on different topics. They are including German occupation and resistance, Kristallnacht, Nazi ghettos and concentration camps, trials of the Nazis, the press and propaganda, labor policy and laws, the people's court, different stages of the war, and the Nazi's rise to power. 
There have been exhibitions on people including Albert Speer, Adolf Eichmann, Fritz Bauer, Martin Luther, and . 
There are several past exhibits for various people groups who suffered and died under the Nazis. Exhibitions included historians' research projects, historical documents, and archival photos. 
Below is a partial list of special exhibitions since 2010: 

Alija Izetbegović

Alija Izetbegović (, ; August 8,
1925 – October 19,
2003) was a Bosnian politician, lawyer, philosopher and author. He became the first president of the Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992. He had one son, Bakir Izetbegović.

Izetbegović died on October 19, 2003 of heart disease complicated by injuries suffered from a fall at home.


Adolfo Orrù

Adolfo Orrù (20 November 1909 - 29 November 1995) was an Italian engraver painter and sculptor.

Orrù Adolfo, born in Sassari on November 20, 1909, was a woodcutter , painter and sculptor. He followed a classical course of study. He got a law degree from the University of Sassari. Trained by attending the circle of Sassari artists, he started engraving in 1934. 

He participated in the Littorali dell'Arte (1934-1936), in the Sardinian trade unions (from 1934), in the Colonial Art Exhibition held in Naples in 1935. He also participated in national exhibitions in the main Italian cities such as Bologna, Florence at the II Rome Quadrennial , at the XX Venice Biennale and at the International Woodcut in Warsaw (1936).
He moved to Rome in 1945, a moment in which the capital of liberated Italy was fervent with new stimuli also in the artistic world and over time he succeeded in affirming itself in the Eternal City. Also in 1945 he married with Pia Mura. On November 16, 1964 he joined the Tiberina Academy (founded in 1813 for promoting cultural heritages). 
In the last period of his artistic activity he worked for sacred art, participating in the National Art Exhibition of the Holy Year 1965 and the National Art Exhibition of the Holy Year 1975. On 2 June 1971 he received the honor of Knight of the Order "Al Merito della Repubblica Italiana".

Sonya Singha

Sonya Singha (; born April 8, 1994) is a Thai actress, singer, and host.
Kat was in a duo with Patt Piraya. She was also a host to KamiKaze Channel. She was under Kamikaze company from 2010 to 2013. In 2013, she signed a contract with Channel 7.

Swinton O. Scott III

Swinton O. Scott III is an animation director and creator. He is best known for his work on The Simpsons.

Scott worked with producers Lou Scheimer and Hal Sutherland of Filmation, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment, Gabor Csupo and Arlene Klasky, and Phil Roman following Dane Boedigheimer. On September 2, 2021, it was announced that Scott would be directing Diary of A Wimpy Kid, a Universal Peacock-exclusive film released on December 23, 2022.
He directed four episodes of Futurama, 7 episodes of The Simpsons, three episodes of The Looney Tunes Show, an animation episode of The Angry Beavers, three supervising episodes of God, the Devil and Bob, and one episode of Family Guy. Scott also worked on Camp Lazlo, the creator of The Juice.




Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone

Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone are an American television writing, animation and production team at Warner Bros. Animation and formerly at Cartoon Network Studios. Brandt was born on December 24, 1961, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Cervone on November 15, 1966, in Melrose Park, Illinois.
The duo are best known for doing various projects about Scooby-Doo, The Flintstones, Tom and Jerry, and Looney Tunes. They had also worked on Animaniacs, Duck Dodgers, The Looney Tunes Show, The Juice, and various other projects. Brandt had also voiced Spike Bulldog in various Tom and Jerry direct-to-DVD movies.

Pavel Cherenkov

Pavel Alekseyevich Cherenkov (July 28, 1904 – January 6, 1990) was a Soviet physicist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1958 with Ilya Frank and Igor Tamm for the discovery of Cherenkov radiation, made in 1934.

Cherenkov died on January 6, 1990 at a hospital in Moscow, Russia at the age of 85.

Hudson, New Hampshire

Hudson is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Litchfield, New Hampshire

Litchfield is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lyndeborough, New Hampshire

Lyndeborough is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Mason, New Hampshire

Mason is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Merrimack, New Hampshire

Merrimack is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Milford, New Hampshire

Milford is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Boston, New Hampshire

New Boston is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Ipswich, New Hampshire

New Ipswich is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Pelham, New Hampshire

Pelham is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Peterborough, New Hampshire

Peterborough is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Temple, New Hampshire

Temple is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Wilton, New Hampshire

Wilton is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. It is located on the south side of New Hampshire, and had a population of 3,896 in the year 2020.

Windsor, New Hampshire

Windsor is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Addison, Vermont

Addison is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Bristol, Vermont

Bristol is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Pierre-Joseph Proudhon

Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (15 January 1809 in Besançon – 19 January 1865 in Paris) was a French socialist, politician, economist and founder of Mutualism. He was the first to call himself an "anarchist" and is considered to by some to be the "father of anarchism".

Murder of Anastasiya Meshcheryakova

Anastasiya Meshcheryakova (August 16, 2011 – February 29, 2016) was a 4-year old Russian girl who was murdered and beheaded on 29 February 2016 in Moscow by her Uzbek nanny, Gulchehra Boboqulova, who had been looking after her for three years.

Utopian socialism

Utopian socialism is the name for the early movements of socialism: They are based on the idea of an ideal state, and on shared property. They started before the revolutions of 1848. The idea of socialism started after the French Revolution. The socialism movements can be claissified into several time periods; the first of these periods is called Utopian socialism, or early socialism. 

Well known people who were part of Utopian socialism were Henri de Saint-Simon, Robert Owen, Charles Fourier, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon and Étienne Cabet.

Skid Row (Los Angeles)

Skid Row is, in general, an impoverished urban area with high rates of crime. It can also be a red-light district.

Recently it has come to mean a particular neighborhood in Los Angeles. This Skid Row is a poor urban area with high rates of crime and drug use and prostitution. The area is officially known as Central City East. It covers fifty city blocks (2.71 sq mi) immediately east of downtown Los Angeles.

The Los Angeles Skid Row has a large population (about 4,200–8,000) of homeless people. It has been known for its homeless population since at least the 1930s.

The question of why this has been tolerated in one of the world's most important cities has itself a long history. The city includes Hollywood, Santa Monica and other wealthy areas. It has voted Democrat in all kinds of elections since the 1980s. 

Bawaria people

The Bawaria are a Saraiki tribe in Punjab and Sindh, Pakistan. They speak the Saraiki language and number 26,000. Most of the Hindu Bawarians left to India during the partition. The ones in India speak Hindi and number 193,000. The Bawaria in both India and Pakistan are seminomadic.

Perú Mágico

Peru Magico is an international television channel.

Bridge loan

Bridge loans help in bridging the gap between short-term cash requirements and long-term loans. Bridging loans are usually offered for between 1-18 months, with the loan repayable in full at the end of the term. Unlike other forms of borrowing the monthly interest is often rolled into the loan, meaning there are no repayments to make during the term of the loan.

The application process is usually far simpler than for other types of borrowing and applications can complete very quickly, usually in 5-14 days.

Bridge loans are largely used by businesses. A typical usage of bridge loans is seen in the Real Estate sector, when the builder secures this loan for the construction of property since he can realize the value of the property only after it is sold. This scenario holds good for any business that sells goods & services and gets payment only at the end. This loan acts as the gap financing. It can be used to purchase raw materials and other equipment to start production.

Tepuihyla exophthalma

The big-eye slender-legged tree frog ("Tepuihyla exophthalma") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists think it may also live in Brazil. They have seen it in exactly three places.

Zoltán Dörnyei

Zoltán Dörnyei () (11 March 1960  – 10 June 2022) was a Hungarian-born British linguist. He was a professor of psycholinguistics at the University of Nottingham in the United Kingdom. He was known for his work on second language acquisition and the psychology of someone learning a second language.

Steinar Amundsen

Steinar Amundsen (4 July 1945 – 16 June 2022) was a Norwegian sprint canoeist. He won a world title in 1970 and 1975. He also won an Olympic gold medal in 1968. He also won a bronze medal at the 1972 Games. Amundsen was born in Bærum, Norway.

Amundsen died on 16 June 2022 in Røyken, Norway at the age of 76.

Røyken

Røyken is a district and village ("bygd") in Buskerud in Viken County, Norway.

Michael Stephen Kanne

Michael Stephen Kanne (December 21, 1938 – June 16, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Judge of the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit from 1987 until his death. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana from 1982 until 1987. He was nominated to both courts by President Ronald Reagan. Kanne was born in Rensselaer, Indiana.

Kanne died on June 16, 2022 in Rensselaer at the age of 83.

Mike Pratt (basketball)

Michael P. Pratt (August 4, 1948 – June 16, 2022) was an American basketball player and coach. He played for the Kentucky Colonels from 1970 until 1972.

Pratt died on June 16, 2022 in Lexington, Kentucky from colon cancer at the age of 73. 

Sid Ahmed Ferroukhi

Sid Ahmed Ferroukhi (; 11 July 1967 – 17 June 2022) was an Algerian politician. He was a member of the National Liberation Front. He was born in Bologhine, Algeria. From 2017 until 2019, Ferroukhi was a member of the People's National Assembly.

Ferroukhi died on 17 June 2022 in Rouïba, Algeria from cardiac arrest at the age of 54.

Valentin Uritescu

Valentin Uritescu (; 4 June 1941 – 17 June 2022) was a Romanian actor. He was best known for his roles in "The Conjugal Bed" and "The Last Assault".

Uritescu died on 17 June 2022 in Bucharest, Romania from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 81.

Lennie Rosenbluth

Leonard Robert Rosenbluth (January 22, 1933 – June 18, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in New York City. Rosenbluth played for the Philadelphia Warriors between 1957 until 1959.

Rosenbluth died on June 18, 2022 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the age of 89.

Mark Shields

Mark Stephen Shields (May 25, 1937 – June 18, 2022) was an American political columnist, advisor, and commentator. He was a commentator for "PBS NewsHour" from 1988 to 2020. Shields was also a regular panelist on "Inside Washington". Shields was moderator and panelist on CNN's "Capital Gang" for 17 years. Shields was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts.

Shields died on June 18, 2022 at his home in Chevy Chase, Maryland from kidney failure, aged 85.

David Brooks (commentator)

David Brooks (born August 11, 1961) is a Canadian-American conservative political cultural commentator. He worked for "The New York Times". He was a movie critic for "The Washington Times" and a reporter for "The Wall Street Journal", He also worked for "Newsweek", "The Atlantic Monthly" and "PBS NewsHour". Brooks was an executive director of the Aspen Institute from 2018 until he was forced to quit in 2021 because of a conflict of interest.

Ilka Soares

Ilka Soares (21 June 1932 – 18 June 2022) was a Brazilian actress and model. She was in the 1949 movie "Iracema". Soares was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Her acted from 1949 until 2013.

Soares died at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro on 18 June 2022 from lung cancer at the age of 89.

Marc Nathanson

Marc B. Nathanson (born May 12, 1945) is an American politician and businessman. He was the United States Ambassador to Norway since 2022. He started the company Falcon Cable. In 2008, his net worth was $1.1 billion by "Forbes Magazine".

John D. Ong

John Doyle Ong (born September 29, 1933) is an American business executive and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to Norway from 2002 to 2005 during the George W. Bush presidency. Ong was born in Uhrichsville, Ohio.

François Vatel

François Vatel () (1631 – 24 April 1671) was the majordomo (in French, "maître d'hôtel") of Nicolas Fouquet and prince Louis II de Bourbon-Condé.
Vatel was born either in Switzerland or in Paris in 1625, 1631, or 1635. Many people credit him with creating "crème Chantilly" (Chantilly cream), but this is wrong. There is no documentation of this which appeared during his lifetime, and the whipped, flavored cream was known at least a century earlier. 

Vatel served Louis XIV's superintendent Nicolas Fouquet in the inauguration "fête" at the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte that took place on 17 August 1661.

Vatel was responsible for organizing a banquet for 2.000 people, in honor of Louis XIV. The banquet took place in April 1671 at the Château de Chantilly. Madame de Sévigné wrote in a letter, that Vatel was very upset, because the seafood he had ordered, did not arrive on time. Because of this, and other small problems, he committed suicide by running himself through with his sword; his body was discovered when someone came to tell him of the arrival of the fish.

This incident is thought to be the origin of the idiom "died for want of lobster sauce", a phrase meaning to die or be devastated due to a minor disappointment or mishap.

In 2000, Roland Joffé made a movie about "Vatel. In it, Gérard Depardieu plays Vatel." According to the movie, Vatel committed suicide when he realized he was nothing more than property in the eyes of the nobility, his social superiors.


Quick Change

Quick Change is a 1990 American crime comedy movie directed by Howard Franklin and Bill Murray (who also stars). It also stars Geena Davis, Randy Quaid, Jason Robards, Philip Bosco, Phil Hartman, Stanley Tucci, Victor Argo, Tony Shalhoub, Kurtwood Smith. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was based on book of the same name.

Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party

The Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party (ALDE Party) is a European political party made of 60 national-level liberal parties from across Europe. The ALDE Party are part of the Liberal International. It was founded on 26 March 1976 in Stuttgart. On 30 April 2004, the ELDR was remade as an official European party, the "European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party" (ELDR Party).

Venstre (Denmark)

Venstre (, ), full name Venstre, Danmarks Liberale Parti (), is a conservative-liberal, agrarian political party in Denmark. They have a economically liberal and pro-free-market ideology.

Venstre is the major party of the centre-right in Denmark, and the second-largest party in the country. The party had the most Prime Ministers than any other Danish party. 

Uffe Ellemann-Jensen

Uffe Ellemann-Jensen (, informal: (1 November 1941 – 18 June 2022) was a Danish politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1993. He was leader of the Danish Liberal Party Venstre from 1984 to 1998 and President of the European Liberals from 1995 to 2000. Ellemann-Jensen was born in Haarby, Denmark.

Ellemann-Jensen was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2011 and in 2019, the cancer metastasized to his spine. He died on 19 June 2022 from the disease in Copenhagen, Denmark at the age of 80.

Opal Lee

Opal Lee (born October 7, 1926) is an American retired teacher, counselor, and activist. She worked to make Juneteenth a federal holiday in the United States. She has been called the "grandmother of Juneteenth".

Lee was born in Marshall, Texas. She studied at the University of North Texas.

Lee campaigned for many years to make Juneteenth a federal holiday. She began a lead to walk each year, representing the 2.5 years it took for news of the Emancipation Proclamation to reach Texas. At the age of 89, she walked from Fort Worth, Texas to Washington, D.C., leaving in September 2016 and arriving in Washington in January 2017. She was hoping to inspire President Barack Obama to make Juneteenth a holiday. 

On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed Senate Bill S. 475, making Juneteenth the eleventh federal holiday. Lee was at the White House for the signing.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Lee began working at a food bank, farm and community garden during the pandemic to help communities affected by it.

J. Hans D. Jensen

Johannes Hans Daniel Jensen (born June 25, 1907 – February 11, 1973) was a German nuclear physicist. During World War II, he worked on the German nuclear energy project, known as the Uranium Club, where he contributed to the separation of uranium isotopes. After the war, Jensen was a professor at the University of Heidelberg.

Jensen died on February 11, 1973.

Bert van der Helm

Bert van der Helm (born 1948 in Zoeterwoude) is a former Dutch table tennis player and coach.

Van der Helm competed 189 times for the Dutch national team, competing at five European Championships and five World Championships. 

Van der Helm became 25 times national champion.

Van der Helm became table tennis coach. During the 1980s he was head coach of the men’s national team and have been criticized by players. In 1994 he refused to become head coach of the Dutch national team.


Sphaenorhynchus

Sphaenorhynchus is a genus of frogs. They are in the family Hylidae. They are the lime treefrogs or hatchet-faced treefrogs. They live in the places where water goes into the Amazon and Orinoco Rivers in South America. They live in the Guianas, Trinidad, and Brazil. Most of them live in Brazil in the Atlantic Forest.

Scientists think the frogs in "Sphaenorhynchus" are closely related to the frogs in "Scarthyla" and "Scinax". Faivovich and other scientists (2005) put "Sphaenorhynchus" in the group Dendropsophini. "Dendropsophus", "Lysapsus", "Pseudis", "Scarthyla", "Scinax", and "Xenohyla" are in Dendropsophini too.

"Sphaenorhynchus" are small and middle frogs in size. They are bright green or yellow green in color. Their faces come together to a point. Most frogs have skin flaps on each side of the rear end. There is some webbed skin on the front feet and more webbed skin on the back feet. Male frogs have a vocal sac on their necks so they can make sounds.

These species are in the genus "Sphaenorhynchus":

Sphaenorhynchus lacteus

The Orinoco lime tree frog, orange frog, or ghost frog ("Sphaenorhynchus lacteus") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 25.5-41.5 mm long fron nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 38.4-45.7 mm long. The skin on the back is smooth; it does not have bumps or warts. The skin on the back is green. Its eyes are yellow. The pupil of the eye makes a line side to side. There is a stripe of color from each eye down to the nose. The belly is white. Parts of the legs are blue.

The adult female frog lays her eggs in the water or on leaves in the water.

The largest tadpoles are 54.6 mm long, with the tail. The tadpoles are purple in color with yellow eyes. Parts of the sides of the tadpoles' bodies are silver or gold in color.

Sometimes human beings keep these frogs as pets.

Second Family of the United States

The second family of the United States is the family of the vice president of the United States, who is second highest ranking official of the U.S. federal government. 

Members of the second family consist of the vice president, the second lady or second gentleman of the United States, grandchildren, stepchildren, in-laws, etc. 

Kamala Harris, the 49th and current vice president and her immediate family is the current second family of the United States since January 20, 2021.

The second family is designated to live in the Number One Observatory Circle as the vice president's family, as well as for the sake of their protection and safety.

The United States Secret Service is in charge of protecting the second family at all times. As part of their protection, the vice president, second lady or gentleman, and other immediate family members are given Secret Service codenames. The use of these codes are used due to security and safety reasons.

Maria Goeppert Mayer

Maria Goeppert Mayer (June 28, 1906 – February 20, 1972) was a German-born American theoretical physicist, and Nobel Laureate in Physics. The nuclear shell model of the atomic nucleus was her idea. She was the second woman to win a Nobel Prize in Physics. Marie Curie was the first.

Mayer died on February 20, 1972 at a hospital in California, United States at the age of 65.

Twin Atlantic

Twin Atlantic are a Scottish alternative rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. The band’s current core lineup consists of Sam McTrusty (vocals, guitar), Ross McNae (bass), Joe Lazarus (drums) and Barry McKenna (guitar).

Twin Atlantic's music has been described as alternative rock, power pop, emo pop, and indie rock.

Current members

Former members

Timeline


Family of Kamala Harris

The Family of Kamala Harris is the immediate and current second family of the United States following her inauguration as the 49th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2021. 

The Harris family is of African, Asian, Indian, and Jewish descent. 

Members of the Harris family consist of:

Kamala Harris – Vice President of the United States since 2021

Doug Emhoff – Husband of Kamala Harris, Second Gentleman of the United States since 2021

Maya Harris – Sister of Kamala Harris (b. 1967)

Tony West – Brother-in-law of Kamala Harris (b. 1965)

Meena Harris – Niece of Kamala Harris (b. 1984)

Cole Emhoff – Stepson of Kamala Harris (b. 1994)

Ella Emhoff – Stepdaughter of Kamala Harris (b. 1999)

Shyamala Gopalan Harris – Mother of Kamala Harris (1938–2009)

Donald J. Harris – Father of Kamala Harris (b. 1938)

Albert van Midden

Albert van Midden (22 January 1948 – 31 July 2019) was a Dutch road racing cyclist and track cyclist. Initial being active as an amateur cyclist, he was professional from 1968 until 1975. He won the amateur race of the 1968 Six Days of Rotterdam. In January 1969 he won, together with Rini Wachtmans, Harrie Steevens and René Pijnen, the Nations Prize in Antwerp.

On the road he competed in among others the 1970 Vuelta a España and 1971 Tour of Flanders.

In June 1973, he was at the last moment removed from the 1973 Tour de France team, due to “underachievement”. 

Burger wars

Burger wars is a competition between some fast food restaurants such as McDonald's, Burger King, etc.

Backpage

Backpage.com was a classified advertising website founded in 2004. 

Sphaenorhynchus mirim

Sphaenorhynchus mirim is a frog. Scientists have seen it in one place: Fazenda Gemada in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 15.7 – 18.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The frog's head is wider than it is long. This frog is bright green in color with white spots on its back. It has some yellow color on its toes.

Scientists think this frog is sexually mature early. The tadpoles grow reproductive organs before they become frogs. Scientists think this is so they can make young soon after becoming frogs.

This frog lives in the same places as "Dendropsophus elegans", "Dendropsophus minutus", and "Scinax alter".

Yate

Yate is a town and civil parish in South Gloucestershire, England. In 2011, 27,789 people lived there.

Oundle

Oundle is a market town in North Northamptonshire, England. In 2011, 5,735 people lived there.

Pocklington

Pocklington is a market town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. In 2011, 8,377 people lived there.

List of The Powerpuff Girls (2016 TV series) episodes

"The Powerpuff Girls" is an American animated television series based on the original 1998 series by Craig McCracken, which is directed by Nick Jennings and Bob Boyle. The series premiered on April 4, 2016. Voice actor Natalie Palamides announced that the series was renewed for a second season that premiered on March 3, 2017 with the series' first 22-minute special, "The Last Donnycorn". The third season premiered on April 8, 2018 and ended on June 16, 2019, marking the end of the series after 3 seasons, 119 episodes, and after airing for 3 years.

During the course of the series, 119 episodes of "The Powerpuff Girls" aired over three seasons.

<onlyinclude><onlyinclude>

Symphonic Music of Yes

Symphonic Music of Yes is the debut studio album by London Philharmonic Orchestra. The album was released on October 26, 1993.

South Lawn (White House)

The South Lawn at the White House in Washington, D.C., is directly south of the house and is bordered on the east by East Executive Drive and the Treasury Building, on the west by West Executive Drive and the Old Executive Office Building, and along its curved southern perimeter by South Executive Drive and a large circular public lawn called The Ellipse. the South Lawn is sometimes described as the back lawn of the White House.

North Lawn (White House)

The North Lawn at the White House in Washington, D.C., is bordered on the north by Pennsylvania Avenue with a wide view of the mansion, and is from the East Executive Drive and the Treasury Building, and on the west from West Executive Drive and the Old Executive Office Building. the North Lawn is sometimes described as the front lawn.

1948 Ashgabat earthquake

The 1948 Ashgabat earthquake (; ) was on 6 October with a surface wave magnitude of 7.3. The earthquake hit Turkmenistan near Ashgabat.

Modulator

A modulator can change the properties of a wave by transmitting a modulation signal that interacts with the Carrier-signal (the wave).

The Sins of Rachel Cade

The Sins of Rachel Cade is a 1961 American drama movie directed by Gordon Douglas and was based on the 1956 novel by Charles Mercer. It stars Angie Dickinson, Roger Moore, Peter Finch, Errol John, Woody Strode, Scatman Crothers, Mary Wickes and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Tahir Dar

Mohammad Tahir Dar was born 17 March, 1975. He is a Bahraini cricketer who played four Twenty20 Internationals in January 2019.

Macao (movie)

Macao is a 1952 American adventure crime movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and Nicholas Ray. It stars Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, William Bendix, Thomas Gomez, Gloria Grahame, Brad Dexter, Edward Ashley, Emory Parnell and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Oxford High School shooting

On November 30, 2021, a gunman opened fire on students at Oxford High School (Michigan). The school is near Detroit, in Michigan. 

The gunman killed four people and injured six others. The shooter Ethan Crumbley, is a 15-year-old sophomore student at the school. He was taken into custody. On October 24, 2022, Crumbley plead guilty to all of the charges put against him. 

On December 8, 2023, Ethan was sentenced to Life imprisonment without the possibility of Parole, plus 24 years, Ethan’s parents trials are still ongoing.

Once the shootings happened, the school was plunged into lockdown. Some students were evacuated to a nearby Meijer shop.

At 12:55 PM, police arrived at the school after receiving at least 100 911 calls. The shooter was arrested unharmed, without putting up a fight.

Ethan Robert Crumbley (born April 28, 2006) in Atlantic Beach, Florida, was identified as the shooter he was taken to the county's detention center and placed under suicide watch, At a young age played first-run shooter games such as Call of Duty and enjoyed horror films. 

In Crumbleys journal he detailed "I want to shoot up my school so badly". 

U.S. Representative Rep. Elissa Slotkin, whose district includes Oxford High School, tweeted about the shooting, calling it a "dark & painful day" for the state.

Gennady Burbulis

Gennady Eduardovich Burbulis (; 4 August 1945 – 19 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was known as a close ally to President Boris Yeltsin. He helped create the Belavezha Accords. He was born in Pervouralsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Burbulis was a member of the State Duma from 1994 until 2000. He was also the First Deputy Prime Minister of Russian SFSR/Russian Federation from 1991 until 1992.

Burbulis died of a heart attack while at a conference in Baku, Azerbaijan on 19 June 2022, aged 76.

Dave Wickersham

David Clifford Wickersham (September 27, 1935 – June 18, 2022) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1960 to 1969 for the Kansas City Athletics, Detroit Tigers, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Kansas City Royals. Wickersham was born in Erie, Pennsylvania.

Wickersham died on June 18, 2022 in Kansas City, Missouri at the age of 86.


2023 Formula One World Championship

The 2023 FIA Formula One World Championship is a planned motor racing championship for Formula One cars. This will be the 74th running of the Formula One World Championship.

Drivers and teams are scheduled to compete for the titles of World Drivers' Champion and World Constructors' Champion, respectively. The season was dominated by defending champion Max Verstappen, who cruised to his third consecutive Drivers' Championship title at the Qatar Grand Prix, winning a record 19 out of 22 Grands Prix held and finishing on the podium 21 times (also a record number for most podiums in a season) by the end of the championship. His team, Red Bull Racing achieved their sixth Constructors' Championship title, the second consecutively, at the preceding Japanese Grand Prix. Red Bull Racing won 21 out of 22 Grands Prix, breaking the team record for highest percentage of Grand Prix wins in a season at 95.45%, beating McLaren's 1988 season. Verstappen also broke the record for the highest Grand Prix win percentage for drivers, with a win rate percentage of 86.36%, beating the previous record set by Alberto Ascari in 1952.

The following constructors and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2023 World Championship. All teams are due to compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli.

Honda returned as a named engine supplier to Red Bull Racing and AlphaTauri, with both teams' engines badged as Honda RBPT While Red Bull Powertrains had planned to take over assembly and maintenance of the engines from this season onwards, it was later agreed that Honda would continue its technical support of Red Bull Racing and AlphaTauri until the end of 2025.

Sebastian Vettel retired at the end of the 2022 championship ending his Formula One career after 16 seasons. His place at Aston Martin was taken by Fernando Alonso, who left Alpine after two seasons. His replacement was initially announced as the 2021 Formula 2 Champion and reserve driver Oscar Piastri. Shortly after the announcement, Piastri stated that he had not signed a contract for 2023 and that he would not be driving for Alpine. Pierre Gasly, who had a contract to drive for AlphaTauri, moved to Alpine, replacing Alonso. Gasly was replaced by the 2020–21 Formula E and 2019 Formula 2 Champion Nyck de Vries.

Daniel Ricciardo left McLaren after two seasons. He had a contract to drive for the team in 2023, but it was terminated during the 2022 championship by mutual agreement. Ricciardo's seat was filled by Piastri, who made his Formula One debut. Ricciardo then proceeded to become a reserve driver for Red Bull.

Nicholas Latifi left Williams after spending three seasons with the team. His seat was filled by Logan Sargeant, who made his Formula One debut by graduating from Formula 2 and became the first American Formula One driver to compete since Alexander Rossi in 2015 with former team Marussia and the first to compete full-time since Scott Speed in 2006 with former team Toro Rosso.

Mick Schumacher is left Haas after two seasons. His seat was filled by Nico Hülkenberg who last competed in Formula One as a full-time race driver in 2022 with former team Aston Martin.

Nyck de Vries was relieved of his driving duties for AlphaTauri after underperforming in the first ten races of his rookie season. His seat will be filled by Daniel Ricciardo from the Hungarian Grand Prix. Ricciardo had raced with the team, which at the time was called Toro Rosso, in the 2012 and 2013 seasons. However, during the Dutch Grand Prix, only his third race of the season, Ricciardo broke a metacarpal bone in his left hand in a crash during the second practice session.

As a result, Red Bull Racing and AlphaTauri's reserve driver Liam Lawson made his Formula One debut at the race. Lawson continued to substitute in for Ricciardo at the Italian, Singapore, Japanese and Qatar Grand Prix Ricciardo is set to return for the Unites States.

The 2023 calendar was due to feature twenty-three Grands Prix, but will have twenty-two instead because the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix being called off due to severe weather issues.

The Chinese and Qatar Grands Prix are scheduled to return to the calendar, after last being held in and , respectively. 

The Qatar Grand Prix, along with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, were initially planned to be moved to new, purpose-built circuits, before being retained in Lusail and Jeddah, respectively.

The Las Vegas Grand Prix is due to make its debut, with the race planned to be held in November on a new street track across the Las Vegas Strip. It will be the first Grand Prix which will be held in Las Vegas since the season with the Caesars Palace Grand Prix and the third race in the calendar to be held in the United States for the first time since the same season.

The Russian Grand Prix was under contract to feature on the 2023 calendar. It was originally meant to switch its venue from the Sochi Autodrom to Igora Drive, located on the outskirts of Saint Petersburg. However, the Grand Prix had its contract terminated in response to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The French Grand Prix will not feature on the 2023 calendar although the promoters of the Grand Prix stated that they would aim for a rotational race deal by sharing its slot with other Grands Prix. The Grand Prix will return in 2025 at the Circuit de la Sarthe, Le Mans in 11-years contract.

The Chinese Grand Prix was initially due to be part of the calendar after last being held in , but it was cancelled for the fourth consecutive year due to the ongoing difficulties presented by the COVID-19 pandemic in the country. The Grand Prix will not be replaced and is expected to return for the 2024 season.

The Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, which was scheduled to take place on 21 May as the sixth round of the championship, was cancelled on 17 May due to flooding in the area.

The following 19 Grands Prix are contracted to form a part of the 2023 World Championship:

The following 3 Grands Prix are under contract to run in 2022, but do not have a contract for 2023:


Compromising Positions

Compromising Positions is a 1985 American mystery comedy movie directed by Frank Perry and was based on the 1978 novel by Susan Isaacs. It stars Susan Sarandon, Raul Julia, Mary Beth Hurt, Joe Mantegna, Edward Herrmann, Judith Ivey, Deborah Rush, Josh Mostel and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Microsoft Office 2003

Microsoft Office 2003 (codenamed Office 11) is an office suite made by Microsoft for its Windows operating system.

Office 2003 was released to manufacturing on August 19, 2003 and was later to retail on October 21, 2003, exactly two years later after the release of Windows XP, it was successor to Office XP and predecessor to Office 2007. Mainstream support of Office 2003 ended on April 14, 2009, extended support ended on April 8, 2014, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows XP.
Office 2003 is incompatible with Windows NT 4.0, Windows 98, Windows ME and was compatible with Windows 2000 SP3, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 and no longer supported with Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.

Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 1 was release on July 27, 2004, this Service Pack has updates to fix bug issue of Microsoft Office 2003, the new features is "Cached Exchange" on Microsoft Word 2003.

Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 2 was release on September 27, 2005.

Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 3 was release on September 17, 2007.

In April 2009, Microsoft will be ended support of Office 2003 because was no longer supported after release in 2003. Mainstream support of Office 2003 was ended on April 14, 2009 and extended support ended on April 8, 2014, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows XP. In August 2015, Microsoft announced that Office 2003 will not supported on Windows 8.1 and Windows 10.


Faded (Alan Walker song)

"Faded" is a song by Alan Walker with vocals by singer Iselin Solheim. The song was very successful and reached the top 10 in many countries.

It is the 21st most viewed video on YouTube, with more than 3.2 billion views. "Faded" is also the 48th most streamed song on Spotify, with more than 1.5 billion streams.

Louise Marwood

Louise Marwood (born 13 March 1979) is an English actress and comedian. She is known for portraying the role of Chrissie White in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale", which she played from 2014 until 2018. In addition to her work on "Emmerdale", she has also had roles on "Holby City", "Hollyoaks", "The Bill", "", "Casualty" and "Coronation Street".

Sphaenorhynchus carneus

The Napo lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus carneus") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Brazil. Scientists think it may also live in Bolivia. It lives between 50 and 140 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 15.1 to 19.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 19.0 to 22.5 mm long.

This frog can change color. At night, this frog is pale green with lighter lines. During the day, it is dark green with reddish-brown marks.

The adult frogs live in partly open areas. When the males sing for the females, they sit partway in the water.

Todd Gilliland

Todd J. Gilliland (born May 15, 2000) is an American race car driver. He is the son of former NASCAR Driver and Team Owner David Gilliland. In 2023, he is splitting time between the Nos. 38/36, and 15/51 for Front Row Motorsports and Rick Ware Racing. 

Canhoteiro

José Ribamar de Oliveira, best known as Canhoteiro (24 September 1932 - 16 August 1974) was a Brazilian footballer, He was 168 centimeters tall and was a extremely fast left winger with excellent technique. He was quick and particularly adept at dribbling, he scored many goals. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest players in the history of São Paulo, and he is considered to be one of the best dribblers ever. It was said that what Garrincha did on the right wing, Canhoteiro did it on the left wing, but despite having joined the national team at the same time, they have played together sometimes. Equal on opposite sides of the pitch, both interpreted football in a cheerful and playful way. He is recognized by many as one of the finest left-wingers of all time. His nickname was "The Garrincha of the left".

Canhoteiro was born in the city of Coruata on September 24, 1932. There, his father Cecilio kept a tent where he sold corn porridge and tapioca to workers. Canhoteiro spent his childhood there, who, contrary to the wishes of his father, did not particularly bother himself with studying and reading books. Cecilio was very afraid that he would spend his life just like himself, selling porridge. Later, he began playing football, playing for the youth team Moto Club da San Luis. At the same time, he got his first job: thanks to his friendship with market traders, he, while still a very young man, began working as a truck driver for short distances. He then played for the amateur club Paysandu de San Luis.

At the beginning of 1949, the president of the America club from the city of Fortaleza, Livio Correia Amaro, managed to convince Cecilio that his son went to this team to play football professionally after showing the president his great skills and dribbling. He immediately began to stand out for his game and even played for the national team of the state of Ceara. In April 1954, Canhoteiro moved to São Paulo, who paid 100,000 cruzeiro for the striker's transfer. He made his debut for the team on 8 April against Corinthians, where he beat the club's defender, Idario, 14 times. At the club, Canhoteiro ousted Teixerinho from the squad. On April 18, he already scored the first goal for the club, hitting the Linense goal. The following year, the winger helped the team win the Small World Cup, and two years later, win the Sao Paulo State Championship. In 1960, the striker was part of the São Paulo team that played the first game of the newly built Morumbi Stadium with Montevideo 's Nacional; the national team beat the Uruguayan team with a score of 3:0, and Canhoteiro scored one of the goals. In the same year, the footballer suffered a very serious knee injury, which was inflicted on him by the Corinthians player Homero Oppi. The winger recovered from the injury, but he could no longer show his former level. In total, for Sao Paulo, he spent 415 games (230 wins, 95 draws and 90 losses), of which 338 matches in starting lineup, and 105 goals, according to third data, he spent 415 matches in the team and scored 103 goals. In 1963, Cañoteiro left for Mexico, to the Nacional club. There he played until 1965, and then spent two seasons in Toluca, where he scored 7 goals. Then the player returned to Brazil, signing a contract with Nacional". He later played for Saad and Araras.

In the national team of Brazil, Canhoteiro made his debut on November 17, 1955 in a 3-3 draw against the Paraguayan national team, at the stake of which was the Copa Oswaldo Cruz 1955. It was a successful debut as Canhoteiro in 6 minutes and his scored his first and only goal. In 1956, Canhoteiro participated in the 1956 Copa América, where Brazil finished fourth. At that tournament he played in four matches against: Chile, Peru, Argentina and Uruguay. Canhoteiro also participated in the 1957 Copa América where Brazil ended up as runners-up but only played once. In 1958 he was close to going to the World Cup, but he was left off after losing a place to Mário Zagallo and Pepe as well as the fear of flights so he was unnamed for the tournament. The last time for the Canhoteiro national team appeared on September 20, 1959 in a 1-0 win against Chile's national team, with Copa O'Higgins 1959 at stake. In total, he appeared 19 times for the Brazilian national team and scored 1 goal.

After completing his career as a football player, Canhoteiro could not find himself in life for a long time. He started using drugs and alcohol. Thanks to friends, he was able to get a job at the State Bank of São Paulo, where he worked in a local restaurant and he was always smiling. On August 13, 1974, after eating feijoada and washing it down with caipirinha and beer, he began to complain of a severe headache. Before going to work in a restaurant, Canhoteiro went to his friends where he fainted. He was taken to the hospital after being diagnosed with a stroke. Three days later he died on August 16, at the age of 41 and his funeral was held days later.

!Total||19||1

São Paulo

Brazil
Individual

RS (rapper)

RS was the musical name of Jay-Ronne Grootfaam. He was an important drill rapper from Amsterdam. Drill rap is a form of rap that celebrates violence.

Grootfaam rapped about violence, crime and his life in Amsterdam.

On September 3rd 2019, Grootfaam was killed with a knife. The killer was part of a rap group that Grootfaam was in conflict with. It was the first time in the Netherlands that someone died as a result of a drill rap conflict.

Ivan I of Moscow

Iván I Danilovich Kalitá (Russian: Ива́н I Данилович Калита́; 1 November 1288 – 31 March 1340 or 1341) was Grand Duke of Moscow from 1325 and Vladimir from 1332.

Ivan was the son of the Prince of Moscow Daniil Aleksandrovich.

Gedenkstätte Berliner Mauer

The Gedenkstätte Berliner Mauer (Berlin Wall Memorial) is a monument to remember the Berlin Wall. It is also to remember those who died trying to cross the wall. Over one million people visit the site each year. It is one of the most popular sites in Berlin. 

The German Historical Museum proposed to have a memorial. Kohlhoff & Kohlhoff designed the memorial. The German government and the city of Berlin created the monument in 1998. The final memorial site opened in 2008. An extension was added in 2013. 

There is a Chapel of Reconciliation, visitor center, documentation center, a 60-meter section of the Berlin Wall and a window of remembrance. The memorial has four areas. They are The wall and the "Todesstreifen" (death strip), Destruction of the city, Building of the wall and "Es geschah an der Mauer" (It happened at the wall). 

The memorial itself includes a preserved part of the Berlin wall structure. This includes a strip of land that is enclosed by two walls. There is also a watch tower just like one when Berlin was divided. The inscription on the memorial is: In memory of the divided city and the victims of communist tyranny. Visitors cannot access the memorial and it is enclosed, but one can see it from the Documentation Center. 

The Documentation Center holds a permanent exhibition called “1961 | 1989. The Berlin Wall.” It presents the history of the wall. The center is located across the street from the memorial on Bernauer Straße. 

The Window of Rememberance remembers the 132 people who died trying to cross the wall. It includes names and pictures of people who died.  

The Chapel of Reconciliation structure is the site of a church that was along the wall. The wall separated the churchgoers of the Protestant Reconciliation Parish from the church building. The building symbolized the divide of Germany. West Germany destroyed the building in 1985 but kept the altarpiece and bells. There is a new chapel building with services.

Alaska (1996 movie)

Alaska is a 1996 American adventure survival movie. It was directed by Fraser Clarke Heston and produced by Andy Burg. The story was written by Andy Burg and Scott Myers. The director's father, Charlton Heston, plays the main antagonist.


The story is about two children who search through the Alaskan wilderness for their lost father, after his airplane crashed into a mountain. During their journey, they find a polar bear cub who helps them to find their father. However, an evil poacher who wants to capture the bear, follows close behind the children and the polar bear.

The movie was filmed in the Purcell Mountains of British Columbia in Canada and the city of Vancouver.

The movie was a "box office bomb", because the money earned at the box office (cinemas) was $11,829,959, compared to the movie budget of $24 million.

The reviews by movie critics were also negative. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has an approval rating of only 23% based on reviews from 13 critics, with an average of 4.70 out of 10.

Murder of Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips

The Murder of Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips took place in Brazil. On June 5, 2022, Brazilian indigenous expert Bruno Araújo Pereira and British journalist Dom Phillips disappeared during a trip to Vale do Javari. It is the second largest indigenous land in Brazil, at the western end of the Amazon River.

Two brothers were arrested and suspected of involvement in the disappearances. A few days later, one of them confessed that he had killed them. He told the police where he had buried the bodies. He also told them where the boat that the men were using sank. The police found human remains at the location. The forensic examination was completed on June 17. It confirmed that one of the bodies found was that of Phillips.

The two men traveled to Lago do Jaburu and were to continue their journey to the community of São Rafael. They were to have a meeting with a local fisherman. The crime occurred on the road between São Rafael and the municipality of Atalaia do Norte. The case had wide repercussions in the Brazilian and international media, and mobilized societies and trade associations.

On June 5, the Union of Indigenous Organizations of the Javari Valley (Univaja) organized two search teams that left Atalaia do Norte and Tabatinga. However without success, the entity released a note on its social networks denouncing the disappearance and asking for efforts in the search. For its part, the Federal Police announced that it was investigating the event, but gave no further details.

On June 7, the Military Police searched the residence of Amarildo da Costa de Oliveira, known as "Pelado", after receiving an anonymous tip about his supposed participation in a disappearance. He was arrested for possession of drugs and ammunition of restricted use. At the time, the police seized the suspect's speedboat, where traces of blood were found and sent for analysis. On 12 June, the firefighters' team in Atalaia do Norte found a backpack, a laptop and a pair of sandals near Amarildo's house. The following day, Dom Phillips' family was wrongly informed by the Brazilian Embassy in the United Kingdom that the bodies had been found.

On June 15, Amarildo confessed his participation in the crime and indicated to the authorities where he had buried the bodies, as well as the place where Bruno and Dom's boat sank. The Federal Police found human remains at the indicated location and did not rule out further arrests. The day before the confession, Amarildo's brother, Oseney da Costa de Oliveira, was arrested.

On June 18, police arrested a third suspect in the killings, Jefferson da Silva Lima.

Pereira's funeral was held on June 24 in Recife, Pernambuco and Phillips's funeral was held on June 26 in Nitéroi, Rio de Janeiro. The bodies of both men were cremated. As of June 27, the police continue to investigate to determine all those responsible for ordering and carrying out the murders.

La Voz Argentina

La Voz Argentina is a talent show broadcast by Telefe. It is the local adaptation of the international singing contest franchise The Voice that was created by the Dutch television producer John de Mol and had adaptations in various countries around the world. The program is produced by Telefe and the British company ITV Studios.

Telefe has produced four editions of the program. 
The first season of the program premiered on Sunday, July 1, 2012. It ended on December 2, 2012 with Gustavo Corvalán, from the Soledad team, as the winner. 
The second season premiered in October 2018 and ended in December of the same year with Braulio Assanelli, from the team of Venezuelan Ricardo Montaner, as the winner.
In 2020, the third season was announced, which finally premiered on June 24, 2021 and ended on September 5, 2021, with Francisco Benítez, from the Soledad team, as the winner. 
In 2022, Telefe announced the production of a fourth season that premiered on June 5 of the same year.

La Voz finds the best voice in Argentina (although people from other countries can participate). To do this they must go through a series of stages that go from blind auditions to live shows, these have been changing or varying their dynamics throughout the seasons.

In this first stage, the coaches have their backs to the participants and are guided only by their voice. 
If the voice of the participant pleases the coaches, they will press the button ("I want your voice") that will turn their chair in front of them, to finally meet him/her and show that the participant has been selected. If more than one coach presses the button, the participant will have the option to decide with which of the coaches he/she wants in this competition. If only one coach presses the button, the participant automatically goes to his team. 
If none of the coaches presses the button, it means that the participant is eliminated.

In the battles, each coach groups the members of his team into pairs, so that they face each other in a ring and sing the same song, thus showing their best vocal and artistic skills. At the end of each performance, only one of them advances to the next round. Beginning with the third season, at this stage each coach receives the opportunity for the «Stole», two in total, which allow them to save and incorporate into their teams contestants eliminated by other coaches during this round. In each season, each coach receives the help of invited mentors, who help him advise his participants to show off and perform well, providing their point of view to make the best decision for the team.

This stage was only included in the first season. During this, the nine participants who survived the battles will face a new elimination. Each coach will select their six best artists, who will qualify directly to the Live Shows. The remaining three will duel, singing the song that made them qualify for the "blind auditions". Two of them will be saved by their coach and will qualify for the next stage, so that each team will have one eliminated and eight artists who qualify.

This stage was added from the second season. During this round, a pair of contestants from the same team are selected to perform at the same time, but unlike battles, each contestant sings a song. At the end of both presentations, each coach selects one of them to advance to the next round. In this phase, each coach can steal participants who have lost in their Knockout, in the second edition there were two "steals" per coach and in the third only one.

In the Playoffs, participants perform in team rounds to once again prove their talent.
In the second season, each coach had to save 2 participants (of the 8 in total), while the others went to vote by phone, SMS and/or digital platform, so that the public could save 2 more in this way. In this playoff, the coach is left with 4 participants. 
In the third edition the rules were changed, there was no telephone and/or digital platform vote, each coach saved 6 participants (of the 8 in total) and the remaining two were directly eliminated.

In this last phase, each participant presents himself to the public (however, it is not broadcast live), showing musical performance in order to get more votes from the audience. 

Not only solo songs will be presented, but each participant will perform a duet with her coach or together with the other participants. One of the four finalists will be chosen as the winner.

In the third season, the program added a new competition phase already presented in other editions around the world called "El Regreso" which is exclusive to telefe.com and its digital platforms. Contestants who failed to turn a chair in the blind auditions and who have been eliminated in the battles and knockouts, have the opportunity to be selected by the fifth coach Emilia Mernes to face each other in different rounds and make it back to the competition. major.

High Sheriff of Kent

The high sheriff is the oldest secular office under the Crown (prior to 1974 the office previously known as sheriff).

William Woodgate

William Woodgate (26 August 1638 - 18 January 1717) was High Sheriff of Kent in 1700, he was the son of John Woodgate.

He married Mary Sillcock of Benenden, Kent in 1658, they had 1 child, William Woodgate (1661-1758)

John van Vliet

Johannes “John” van Vliet was a Dutch professional boxer from Overschie. He competed in the heavyweight category and was 85 kg. He competed at professional international competitions in Europe between 1929 and 1932.

Van Vliet made his debut on 15 June 1929 in Chatelineau against Gustave Limousin. He lost as a result of corner retirement. The same year he also lost from the later German Olympian Ernst Pistulla in Bockbrauerei. 

In 1930 he fought against Paul Hofman (in Rotterdam), Canadian Larry Gains (in Leicester) and Emil Stich (in Saarbruecken).

Van Vliet had a fight in 22 April 1931 in the Royal Albert Hall in London (UK). He lost the 10-rounds fight against the British John Pettifer. The referee stopped the fight in the third round because the eye of Van Vliet was serious injured. The revenue of the fight was for war blind people. 

On 13 May 1931, Van Vliet had a fight in Aken against the German Hans Blaschek. It was a fight of three thirty seconds rounds. Van Vliet was stonger during the fight. In the second round Blaschek was down for nine seconds, in the second round twice and in the last round three times nine seconds. However, 20 seconds before the end of the fight his eye injury opened again and started blooding (the injury from the fight against Pettifer) and the referee had to stop the fight.

Van Vliet had a fight on 29 September 1931 in Antwerp (Belgium). He lost this fight from Berr Melsow on points.

On 25 January 1932 he went knock out in a fight against French Maurice Griselle. On 7 November 1932 there was a scheduled fight of Van Vliet against Belgian Harry Staal during the international boxing competition in Rotterdam. However, the fight didn’t take place because Van Vliet retired from boxing.

NRI Haadsa

NRI Haadsa is a crime-based episodic show inspired by true stories of crimes involving non-resident Indians in India. The 14-part series showcases stories of kidnapping, murder, a faux marriage proposal and many other crimes aired by Colors TV, Voot and MX Player. The series is hosted by Rushad Rana.




Cornwall, Vermont

Cornwall is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Ferrisburgh, Vermont

Ferrisburgh is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Goshen, Vermont

Goshen is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Granville, Vermont

Granville is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Hancock, Vermont

Hancock is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Leicester, Vermont

Leicester is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Monkton, Vermont

Monkton, also known as Monkton Boro, is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,079 people lived there.

Gustave Limousin

Gustave Limousin (13 May 1908 — 27 March 1964) was a Belgian boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions in Europe between 1927 and 1938.

Limousin made his debut on 8 October 1927 in Chatelineau against Deschepper and won (KO). During his career he had 88 fights, winning 53 of them (20 losses, 9 draws). 

Limousin became national champion. In a fight to become 1930 European Champion he lost against German Olympian Ernst Pistulla in Berlin in December 1930.

ANSES

The National Social Security Administration (Spanish: Administración Nacional de la Seguridad Social; mostly known for its acronym ANSES) is a decentralized entity of the Argentine national public administration dependent on the Ministry of Labor, Employment and Social Security that manages social security benefits.

ANSES was created on December 26, 1991 by Decree No. 2,741.

The Man in the Moon

The Man in the Moon is a 1991 American coming-of-age drama movie It was directed by Robert Mulligan. The movie stars Reese Witherspoon, Tess Harper, Sam Waterston, Emily Warfield, Jason London, Bentley Mitchum. It is Witherspoon's first movie. The movie was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Mambo (movie)

Mambo is a 1954 Italian American drama movie directed by Robert Rossen and starring Silvana Mangano, Michael Rennie, Vittorio Gassman, Shelley Winters, Katherine Dunham, Mary Clare, Eduardo Ciannelli. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Thinking Out Loud

"Thinking Out Loud" is a song by Ed Sheeran in his 2014 album "×". It was produced by Jake Gosling, and written by Ed Sheeran and singer Amy Wadge. The song was released in the United States on 24 September 2014; it also reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.

BBVA Tower

The BBVA Tower () is a skyscraper of commercial and financial offices. It is the main headquarters of the BBVA bank in Argentina.
The tower is located in the area of the financial center and business complex of Catalinas Norte, in the Retiro neighborhood in the Buenos Aires. It is the eleventh tallest building in the city.

It is the headquarters of BBVA Argentina. Construction began in early 2012 and opened in April 2017. The tower, which has reached its final height and has become one of the 10 tallest buildings in Buenos Aires.

The tower opened on April 20, 2017 and was attended by the CEO of the company and the vice president of the Argentina, Gabriela Michetti.

X (Ed Sheeran album)

× (which is pronounced "multiply") is the second album by Ed Sheeran. It was first released in Australia and New Zealand on 20 June 2014, and then across the world three days later. The album was a major success, reaching number 1 in 15 countries, including the United States ("Billboard" 200) and the United Kingdom (UK Albums Chart). 

Five singles were released from the album: "Sing", "Don't", "Thinking Out Loud", "Bloodstream" (a collaboration with Rudimental), and "Photograph".

BBVA Argentina

BBVA (previously known as Banco Francés and BBVA Francés) is an Argentine banking subsidiary. It belongs to the Spanish parent company of BBVA.

In 2019, BBVA unifies its brand worldwide and BBVA Francés was renamed BBVA.

It was founded as Banco Francés del Río de la Plata on October 14, 1886, in a historical period in Argentina where a large number of entities of its type emerged, many of which would quickly disappear due to the Panic of 1890.

In 1888, the shares of the Banco Frances, which are still on the market, began to be listed on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange. In 1926, the new headquarters of the entity was inaugurated, on the corner of Bartolomé Miter and Reconquista streets, in the heart of the financial city of Buenos Aires.

In 1959, she was one of the winners of the first loan that Eximbank made to Argentina. In 1968, the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York acquired 50% of the shares, and began a process of strengthening and expanding the French Bank in the field of wholesale banking.
During the 1970s, the Compañía de Seguros Sud América reconverted its real estate assets into Banco Francés shares, in a procedure led by a new board of directors highly influenced by Luis María Otero Monsegur. In this way, South America acquired a large number of shares of the Bank. In 1975, Morgan Guaranty landed in Argentina, and therefore sold its share to two Argentine companies: Sud América Seguros de Vida and Alpargatas. From that moment the French Bank began to adopt other functions, such as retail banking.
In the first half of the 1980s, the number of branches of the Banco Frances doubled in three years, managing to also cover loans to medium-sized companies, while consolidating the retail branch.

Between 1986 and 1989, the Banco Francés had a joint venture with the Bankers Trust Company, developing investment banking. In 1988, 22 branches of the Banco Español/Banco Comercial del Norte were acquired, and that same July the offshore branch began operations in the Cayman Islands: the Banco Francés del Río de la Plata (Cayman) Ltd.
In 1991 Alpargatas sold its share to Sud América Inversiones and Eduardo F. Constantini. At the same time, more branches were acquired from Banco Santander and Chase Manhattan Bank, reaching 62 of them.

In December 1996, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya (currently Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria) acquired 99.90% of the shares of Otar S.R.L., from Otero Monsegur y Areco, majority shareholder of Sud América Inversiones, holder, in turn, of the 30.04% of the capital of Banco Francés. The operation was carried out at 375 million dollars.

In August 1997, the Bank acquired 71.75% of Banco de Crédito Argentino, with which it merged, strengthening itself with the absorption of the competitor entity.
As of March 2006, BBVA Banco Francés had 232 retail branches throughout the country and 27 branches specializing in small and medium-sized businesses.

In 2012, it became the main sponsor of the two most successful football clubs in Argentina, sporting the "BBVA" or "BBVA Francés" logo on the front of their shirts, starting in January at Club Atlético Boca Juniors and since July at Club Atlético River Plate. Since 2015 it has also sponsored "Talleres de Córdoba".

Star Channel

Star Channel (formerly known as FOX and later Fox Channel) is a Latin American subscription television channel of US origin, owned by The Walt Disney Company Latin America and operated by Disney Media Networks Latin America. It is mainly aimed at the family audience.

It began broadcasting on August 14, 1993 under the Fox name, presenting comedy, action, and drama series under its original name (except for The Simpsons and Futurama), as well as films of various cinematographic genres. Since 2005, it has had a block of cartoons for adults, broadcast from Monday to Friday at night called ¡No Molestar! (¡Do Not Disturb!).

On November 5, 2018, the channel was renamed to Fox Channel. After the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney in 2019, and in order to avoid relating it to the current Fox Corporation, on November 27, 2020, Disney announced that the Fox channels would be renamed under the name Star, issue that was finalized on February 22, 2021.

On August 14, 1993, Fox extends its broadcasts to Latin America. Its programming had a high percentage of series aimed at families and adults. In its beginnings, the signal broadcast old series from 20th Century Fox such as Batman and Lost in Space, among other series. The most watched series on the channel are The Simpsons [citation needed], which is broadcast to this day, along with series such as Dark Angel, Buffy The Vampire Slayer, The X-Files, Ally McBeal, among others. In addition, the signal broadcasts a block of movies since its inception, either from 20th Century Fox, as well as from other film production companies such as Dreamworks, and is characterized by transmitting suspense, action, drama, comedy and animated films.

In 1994, Fox had blocks dedicated to the family and the sports world, so some of them were on the channel itself to date. Its first blocks were Cine Fox, Fox Kids and Fox Sports.

In 1999, the Hispano-American signal decided to create an animated block on Sundays named Animated Sunday, where series such as The Simpsons, Futurama and Los Reyes de la Colina, among other series, were broadcast. That same year they created the website canalfox.com to see information about the series, channel programming, movies, etc.

In 2005, Fox decided to change the name of animated Sunday to Do Not Disturb!, a section that has the same characteristics as the previous block, but during the commercials, acid dialogues of some subject are shown.

In 2007, the Fox website changes its name to mundofox.com but the theme of the site is the same and includes special sites for the series, videos and image galleries.

That same year, Fox created the first original series for Latin America: Final Time, an adaptation of the Argentine series of the same name. It is produced in Colombia by the production company Fox Telecolombia and has the participation of renowned Ibero-American actors. This series also aired on FX.

In 2008, and as part of its 15th anniversary, Fox organized a contest where viewers could take a photo with any object, but as long as it bore the figure of an oval that represents the letter "O" of the Fox brand, having a recognized success since more than 350,000 photos per minute (approximately) were sent to the site.

Starting in 2012, the Fox site is renamed canalfox.com again, as it reserved the mundofox.com site for the launch of MundoFox.

On October 15, 2013, the channel premiered a new graphic package for its 20th anniversary. On August 17, Fox kicked off its 20th anniversary celebration with a 24-hour marathon of The Simpsons. On December 28, 2014, the channel began broadcasting 16:9 programming for series originally shot in that aspect ratio. On February 9, 2015, Fox debuted a new graphics package.

On November 5, 2018, the channel changed its typography, graphics, and renamed itself Fox Channel.

On February 22, 2021, the channel was renamed as Star Channel. This change also affected Fox Life and Fox Premium, which were renamed Star Life and Star Premium respectively.
Through the commercial success, other channels associated with Star (formerly Fox) have been released:


How to Play Golf

How to Play Golf is a 1944 short movie by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was directed by Jack Kinney. It was distributed by RKO. It was a part of a series where Goofy learned to play various sports.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

ZooMoo

ZooMoo is an international pay television channel. It is owned by Singapore's Beach House Pictures and New Zealand's NHNZ. The channel was first launched in Brazil in September 2001 in high definition (HD). On 7 January 2006, ZooMoo was launched in Singapore.

Antonio Stradivari

Antonio Stradivari (1644 18 December 1737) was an Italian luthier (a person who makes stringed instruments). He made violins, violas, cellos, guitars, and harps. The instruments he made are called "Stradivarius", or "Strad" for short. Many people think that he is the greatest violin maker. Around 650 of the instruments he made survive.

Bruno Pereira

Bruno da Cunha Araújo Pereira (August 15, 1980-June 2022) was a Brazilian indigenous expert and defender of the causes of native peoples.

In 2019, he led the largest expedition to contact isolated indigenous people in the last 20 years. However, after pressure from rural sectors linked to the government of Jair Bolsonaro, he was removed from his post in October of that year by the then executive secretary of Sergio Moro in the Ministry of Justice, Luiz Pontel.

Bruno was married to the anthropologist Beatriz Matos, with whom he had two children. He also had a third child from another relationship.

In June 2022, along with British journalist Dom Phillips, they were killed while traveling through Valle de Javari, the second largest indigenous land in Brazil, at the western edge of the Amazon. They went to interview the indigenous people in a place called Lago do Jaburu and then moved to the community of São Rafael, where they would meet with a local fisherman. The crime occurred on the road between the community and the municipality of Atalaia do Norte.

Pereira and Phillips received death threats for their work helping protect Indigenous people of Amazonas from drug traffickers as well as from illegal miners, loggers, and hunters.

Two brothers were detained by the Brazilian Federal Police (PF) on suspicion of being involved in the disappearances. Days later, one of them confessed that he had killed Bruno and Phillips and told the Federal Police where he had buried the bodies, as well as the place where the boat in which Phillips and Pereira were traveling sank. The police found human remains in the indicated place and did not rule out more arrests. However, forensic analysis still needs to be completed to confirm that the bodies are those of Bruno and Phillips.

One of the two brothers, nicknamed "El Pelado", was arrested a few days after June 5, accused of possession of illegal ammunition. In addition, his boat was seen chasing Bruno and Dom's when they were near their destination, the city of Atalaia do Norte. They disappeared on June 5, and everything suggests that they died around that date.

Atalaia do Norte

Atalaia do Norte is a municipality in the interior of the state of Amazonas, in the North Region of Brazil, the Southwest Amazonian Mesoregion and the Alto Solimões Microregion, southwest of Manaus, the state capital, 1,136 kilometers away.

The city of Atalaia do Norte is known throughout the world for occupying a large part of the indigenous area of ​​the Javari Valley, which is the largest Indian reservation in the world and has been the scene of one of the largest falls cosmic events of modern history, which came to be known as the "Curuçá River Event".

The State Department of Education and Teaching Quality (SEDUC) maintains five schools in the municipality, providing secondary and primary education.

Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Port-au-Prince

The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (), better known as the Port-au-Prince Cathedral (), was a cathedral located in Port-au-Prince, Haiti built between 1884 and 1914 and would be consecrated until 1928. It was destroyed during the January 12, 2010 Earthquake.

During the Earthquake, the roof and the bell towers collapsed, except for the walls which resisted, at that moment the nunciature and the archiepiscopal offices would collapse where Archbishop Joseph Serge Miot and Vicar General Charles Beniot would die.

In 2012, the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince together with Faith & Form magazine launched an international competition on the reconstruction of the cathedral, which was won by the Puerto Rican architect Segundo Cardona who planned to use the old building for the reconstruction of this new cathedral. the construction is still in a state of ruins.


Sabrina (1954 movie)

Sabrina is a 1954 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Billy Wilder and was based on the 1953 play "Sabrina Fair" by Samuel A. Taylor. It stars Audrey Hepburn, Humphrey Bogart, William Holden and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1955. It was remade in 1995.


Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey

Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey is a 1988 American biographical drama movie directed by Michael Apted and was based on the 1985 book of the same name by Dian Fossey. It stars Sigourney Weaver, Bryan Brown, Julie Harris, Iain Glen, Iain Cuthbertson, Maggie O'Neill and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1989.


Family Dollar

Family Dollar is an American variety store chain in the United States. Family Dollar is headquartered in Matthews, a suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. The chain employs 1,400 people.


Mudashiru Obasa

Mudashiru Ajayi Obasa (born 11 November 1972) is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and member of All Progressives Congress. He was born in Agege in Lagos, Nigeria. He had his primary education at St Thomas Acquinas Primary School, Surulere, Lagos. He then attended Archbishop Aggey Memorial Secondary school, Mushin, Ilasamaja, Lagos where he obtained the West Africa School Certificate. He received a bachelor's degree in law from Lagos State University, Lagos in the year 2006.

2022 French legislative elections

Legislative elections in France were held on 12 and 19 June 2022 to elect the 577 members of the 16th National Assembly. The elections took place after the 2022 French presidential election, which was held in April.

Turnout for the first round was a record low 47.5%. Ensemble, a pro-Emmanuel Macron coalition came in first place. The newly formed socialist environmentalist NUPES coalition led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon finished second.

In the second round, which had a higher turnout than that of the 2017 French legislative election, Macron's Ensemble coalition won the most seats, 250, in the National Assembly but also lost majority control, causing a hung parliament. NUPES won a large amount of seats, having a total of 151 seats.

Ensemble Citoyens

Ensemble () is a liberal political coalition in France. It was formed in November 2021 as Ensemble Citoyens. It includes La République En Marche! (LREM), Democratic Movement (MoDem), Agir, Territories of Progress (TDP), Horizons, En commun, and the Progressive Federation. This coalition is seen as a supportive of President Emmanuel Macron.

New Ecological and Social People's Union

The New Ecologic and Social People's Union (, NUPES) is a left-wing alliance of political party in France led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon. It was formed on May Day 2022. Parties supporting this are La France insoumise (LFI), the Socialist Party (PS), the French Communist Party (PCF), Europe Ecology – The Greens (EELV), Ensemble! (E!), and Génération.s (G.s).

This party was founded for the 2022 French legislative election and its goal was to reject Emmanuel Macron's Ensemble Citoyens on the centre-right a majority in the National Assembly. Some left-wing parties agreed to create a coalition to make Mélenchon the Prime Minister of France. 

NUPES won the most seats outside of Ensemble, causing Macron not to have a majority, however they won about 22% of the seats on the National Assembly. They did win 31% of the popular vote, however the far-right National Rally will most likely be the opposition party because NUPES is an alliance of parties. Mélenchon said that NUPES and the French Left should form a united, single group in Parliament.

Aleksei Parshin

Aleksei Nikolaevich Parshin (; 7 November 1942 – 18 June 2022) was a Russian mathematician. His works focused in arithmetic geometry. He was most well-known for his role in the proof of the Mordell conjecture.

Parshin died on 18 June 2022 in Moscow, Russia
at the age of 79.

Carol Raye

Carol Raye (17 January 1923 – 19 June 2022) was a British-born Australian actress, comedian, singer, dancer, and radio and television producer and director.

Raye was best known as the producer and starring in "The Mavis Bramston Show". She was also in the soap opera "Number 96" as Baroness Amanda von Pappenburg. She also played herself in "The Mike Walsh Show" and was a regular panellist on the game show "Blankety Blanks".

Raye died on 19 June 2022 in Sydney, Australia at the age of 99.

Regimantas Adomaitis

Regimantas Adomaitis (31 January 1937 – 20 June 2022) was a Lithuanian actor. He was born in Šiauliai, Lithuania. His career began in 1963. 

His best known roles were in "Nobody Wanted to Die" (1966), "East Corridor" (1966), "Feelings" (1968), "King Lear" (1971), "" (1973), "Devil's Bride" (1974), "Centaurs" (1978), "Faktas" (1981), "The Trust That Has Burst" (1983) and "Moscow Saga" (2004).

Adomaitis died on 20 June 2022 in Vilnius, Lithuania from a heart attack caused by his cancer treatment at the age of 85.

Colin Grainger

Colin Grainger (10 June 1933 – 20 June 2022) was an English footballer. He played outside left and had a 16-year career in the Football League from 1950 to 1966. He made seven appearances for the England national football team between 1956 until 1957. He was born in Havercroft, West Yorkshire, England. 

Grainger played for Sunderland A.F.C. between 1957 until 1960, making 120 appearances. From 1953 until 1957, he played Sheffield United F.C., making 88 appearances. He also played for Port Vale F.C. and Doncaster Rovers F.C..

In March 2020, Grainger was moved to a care home in Kirklees, West Yorkshire. He died on 20 June 2022, ten days after his 89th birthday.

England

Woolley Miners Welfare

Chris Massoglia

Christopher Paul Massoglia (born March 29, 1992) is an American actor and politician. He is a conservative. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His best known movie roles are in "A Plumm Summer" (2007), "The Hole" (2009), "" (2009), "The Matchbreaker" (2016) and "Reagan" (2022).

In 2021, Massoglia was elected to the city council in Blaine, Minnesota.

Heinrich Müller (Gestapo)

Heinrich Müller was a high-ranking German "Schutzstaffel" (SS) and police official during the Nazi era.

Verónica Alcocer

Verónica Alcocer García (born May 26, 1976) who has been the First Lady of Colombia since 2022. She is the wife of the former mayor of Bogotá and president of Colombia, Gustavo Petro.

She spent a few years wanting to be an artist, however she later studied law.

She has a son from another marriage. Her and Petro were married in 2003 and they have two children together. During Petro's political career, she was the subject of many death threats and spying.

19th of April Movement

The 19th of April Movement (), or M-19, was a Colombian guerrilla movement. After the guerrilla movement broke apart, it became a political party, the M-19 Democratic Alliance (), or AD/M-19.

The group was created after the possibly rigged presidential elections of 19 April 1970.

The group's ideas were seen as nationalism, but its main goal was to open up democracy in Colombia. In the 1980s, the group had about 1,500 and 2,000 members, making it the second largest guerrilla group in Colombia after the FARC. 

Today, the group is no longer active however senior members later became politicians and members of Humane Colombia. President-elect Gustavo Petro was a member of this group.

Zipaquirá

Zipaquirá () is a city of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.

Enrique Peñalosa

Enrique Peñalosa Londoño (born 30 September 1954) is a Colombian politician. He was mayor of Bogotá from 1998 until 2001 and elected again in 2015, with his term finishing in 2019. He has also worked as a journalist.

Claudia López Hernández

Claudia Nayibe López Hernández (born 9 March 1970) is a Colombian politician. She has been the Mayor of Bogotá since 2020. She was a Senator of the Republic of Colombia from 2014 until 2018. She was the vice-presidential candidate in the 2018 presidential election for the Green Alliance party. 

In October 2019, she was elected mayor of Bogotá, becoming the first woman and as well the first openly LGBT person to be elected to this office.

Jordi Bonet i Armengol

Jordi Bonet i Armengol (12 May 1925 – 20 June 2022) was a Spanish architect. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. His father worked with Antoni Gaudí. He was known as the construction manager of the Sagrada Família from 1987 until 2012. In 2019, he was nominated to be a member of the Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon.

Bonet died on 20 June 2022 in Barcelona at the age of 97.

Sebastian Duterte

Sebastian "Baste" Zimmerman Duterte (; ; born November 3, 1987) is a Filipino politician. He is the mayor of Davao City since 2022. Before, he was deputy mayor from 2019 until 2022. He is the youngest son of former President Rodrigo Duterte.

Feelings (1968 movie)

Feelings () is a 1968 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Algirdas Dausa and Almantas Grikevičius. It stars Regimantas Adomaitis, Juozas Budraitis, Algimantas Masiulis, Vytautas Paukštė.

Ria Christina Fariñas

Ria Christina Gerodias Fariñas (born March 6, 1984) is a Filipino politician. She represented the 1st District of Ilocos Norte in the Philippine House of Representatives from 2019 until 2022.

She lost her re-election bid in May 2022 to Sandro Marcos, the son of the presidential candidate Bongbong Marcos, in a landslide.

Sandro Marcos

Ferdinand Alexander Araneta Marcos III (, ; born March 7, 1994), mainly known as Sandro Marcos, is a Filipino politician. He is the member of the Philippine House of Representatives from 1st district of Ilocos Norte since 2022. He is the oldest of three sons of President Bongbong Marcos and first lady Liza Araneta Marcos.

The Nun's Story (movie)

The Nun's Story is a 1959 American drama movie directed by Fred Zinnemann and was based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Kathryn Hulme. It stars Audrey Hepburn, Peter Finch, Edith Evans, Peggy Ashcroft, Beatrice Straight, Dean Jagger, Ruth White, Patricia Bosworth, Colleen Dewhurst, Lionel Jeffries and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 8 Academy Awards in 1960.


Maurice Griselle

Maurice Griselle (born 14 October 1908) was a French boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions between 1925 and 1936.

Griselle made his debut on 14 November 1925 at the Central Sporting Club in Paris against Pavel Simanowski and won on points. During his career he had 108 fights, winning 60 of them (41 losses, 7 draws). 

In 1931 he fighted against Belgian Pierre Charles for the European title. The match took place on 8 July in Brussels and lost on points. Griselle was in 1932 French national champion.


Sphaenorhynchus platycephalus

The South American lime tree frog or Lutz' lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus platycephalus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it higher than 1000 meters above sea level.

Jack Etienne

Jack Etienne (born 11 October 1902) was a Belgian boxer. He competed in the light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions between 1922 and 1935.

Etienne made his debut on 24 January 1922 in Oostende against Mignon and won (KO). During his career he had 157 fights, winning 107 of them (40 losses, 9 draws). 

In 1931 he fought against Dutchman Rienus De Boer for the European title. The match took place on 17 November 1931 in Odeon, Rotterdam. Etienne won the fight. A few months later, on 11 January 1932 he won again from De Boer.

Etienne went knock out in a fight against Jock McAvoy in the first round on 8 October 1934.


Rienus de Boer

Rienus de Boer (5 January 1905 — 8 January 1973) was a Dutch boxer. He competed in the light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions between 1929 and 1946.

De Boer made his debut on 10 October 1929 in Rotterdam against Huib Brandse and won (KO). During his career he had 127 fights, winning 66 of them (41 losses, 20 draws). 

In 1931 he fought against Belgian Jack Etienne for the European title. The match took place on 17 November 1931 in Odeon, Rotterdam. Etienne won the fight. A few months later, on 11 January 1932 he lost again from Etienne.

De Boer was in multiple years Dutch national champion. On 25 February 1936 he fought for the European title against Heinz Lazeck in Wien and lost (corner retirement).


Caleb Swanigan

Caleb Sylvester Swanigan (April 18, 1997 – June 20, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Purdue Boilermakers at Purdue University from 2015 until 2017. He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. Swanigan played for the Portland Trail Blazers between 2017 until 2019 and again for a short time in 2020. He later played for the Sacramento Kings between 2019 until 2020.

Swanigan died on June 20, 2022 in Fort Wayne, Indiana at the age of 25.

Jack Nance

Marvin John Nance (December 21, 1943 – December 30, 1996) was an American actor. He worked with moviemaker David Lynch many times. He was in Lynch's first movie "Eraserhead" (1977). He was also in "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991) as Pete Martell.

Nance died at his apartment in South Pasadena, California on December 30, 1996, one week after his 53rd birthday. The cause of death was a subdural hematoma from an injury he got in a street fight the morning before.

Wim Dik

Dik died on 19 June 2022 in Rotterdam at the age of 83.

Nicolas Cantu

Nicolas Cantu (born September 8, 2003), also known as Junky Janker, is an American actor, Voice actor animator, stand-up comedian and YouTuber.

Cantu is best known for his role as Gumball in "The Amazing World of Gumball", and as Prince James in "Sofia the First" for 14 episodes from 2016 to 2018. On YouTube, his channel currently has over 400 thousand subscribers. In 2020, Cantu stars in "The Walking Dead" spin-off series set a decade after the original one, named "The Walking Dead: World Beyond". And recently in 2023 Teenage 

Marcel van Dam

Marcel Parcival Arthur van Dam (; born 30 January 1938) is a retired Dutch politician and journalist. He is a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). He was born in Utrecht, Netherlands. He had roles in the Joop den Uyl and Dries van Agt governments.

Van Dam was a member of the House of Representatives from 1977 until 1981 and again from 1982 until 1986. He was the State Secretary for Housing and Spatial Planning from 1973 until 1977. He later was Minister of Housing and Spatial Planning from 1981 until 1982.

He also worked as a political commentator for "de Volkskrant".

Ludwig I of Bavaria

Ludwig I or Louis I (born 25 August 1786 – died 29 February 1868) was the King of Bavaria from 1825 until the 1848 revolutions. He was born in the Hôtel des Deux-Ponts in Strasbourg, his father Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria was an officer in the French army at Strasbourg.

Maximilian I became the Elector of Bavaria and Count Palatine of the Rhine on 16 February 1799 and the King of Bavaria on 1 January 1806.

Ludwig succeeded his father on the throne in 1825.

Alex Rely

Alex Rely also known as The Peruvian Brown Panther (18 July 1898 — 1966) was a Peruvian boxer. He competed in the middleweight category. He fought between 1918 and 1928.

De Boer made his debut on 1 June 1918 in Iquique against Jim Johnson and won on points. During his career he had 49 fights, winning 29 of them (13 losses, 4 draws). He became continental champion in 1926.

Iselin Solheim

Iselin Løken Solheim (born June 20 June 1990), also called Iselin, is a Norwegian singer-songwriter. She is best known for her vocals in the songs "Faded", "Sing Me to Sleep", and "Just for a Moment".

Iselin Løken Solheim was born in Naustdal, Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. She performed in Norway's 2007 "Idol - Jakten på en superstjerne", where she reached the top 40. In 2009, she studied music at Kiringssal Folkehgskule in Sandefjord, where she began writing her own songs, and in 2010 she studied "popular Music & Sound Technology" at the Institute for Performing Arts in Liverpool.

She later returned to Norway and signed with Bisi Music, where she released her first song, called "What's Happening". It was "Song of the Week" for Radio Norge, which is Norway's national radio station.

She provided uncredited vocals for Alan Walker's EDM songs "Faded" and "Sing Me to Sleep".

Josie and the Pussycats (TV series)

Josie and the Pussycats (formatted as Josie and the Pussy Cats in the opening titles) is an American animated television series based upon the Archie Comics comic book series of the same name created by Dan DeCarlo. Produced for Saturday morning television by Hanna-Barbera Productions, 16 episodes of "Josie and the Pussycats" aired on CBS during the 1970–71 television season and were rerun during the 1971–72 season.

Dan DeCarlo

Daniel S. DeCarlo (December 12, 1919 – December 18, 2001) was an American cartoonist best known for having developed the look of Archie Comics in the late 1950s and early 1960s, modernizing the characters to their contemporary appearance and establishing the publisher's house style up until his death. As well, he is the generally recognized co-creator of the characters Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Josie and the Pussycats (the title character of which was named for his wife), and Cheryl Blossom.

Geranium

Geranium is a group of flowering plants. It is a genus with 422 species. "Geranium" flowers have five petals. The flowers can be coloured white, pink, purple or blue. Geraniums will grow in any soil that is not too wet.

Geraniums can be annual, biennial, or perennial plants. These plants are often called cranesbills. They are found in temperate areas of the world and the mountains of the tropics, but mostly in the eastern part of the Mediterranean region.

Some caterpillars eat geraniums. Several species of "Geranium" are gynodioecious. Gynodioecy is a rare breeding system where female and hermaphroditic plants coexist in a population.

The species "Geranium viscosissimum" (sticky geranium) seems on the way to becoming carnivorous.

Sometimes members of the genus "Pelargonium" are also called geraniums. "Pelargonium" species are also grown as garden plants. Sometimes members of the "Geranium" genus are called "hardy geraniums", to tell them apart from "Pelargonium".


Statehood Day (Slovenia)

Statehood Day () is a holiday in Slovenia. It takes place on 25 June. The holiday is the day the country said is was indepentant from Yugoslavia in 1991. The formal declaration of independence did not come until 26 June 1991 but Statehood Day is 25 June. This is because that was the date when the first acts about independence were passed and Slovenia became independent. This declaration started the Ten-Day War with Yugoslavia, which Slovenia won.

Statehood Day is not the same as Slovenia's Independence and Unity Day. That holiday is celebrated each year on 26 December. It honours the 26 December 1990 statement of the results of the plebiscite held three days earlier. In that, 88.5% of all Slovenian voters wanted Slovenia to become a sovereign nation.


DHL

DHL is an -American founded German international logistics company. The company is providing courier, parcel delivery and express mail services. DHL is a division of the multinational logistics company Deutsche Post. DHL delivers more than 1.6 billion packages a year. It is headquartered in Bonn, Germany.

At the beginning of the mass adoption of containers for shipping goods in the 1960s, mail services, mostly monopolies, were inefficient. The cargo documents related with the contents of the containers often also traveled by ship, so they arrived after the cargo, causing the accumulation of containers in the ports.
Between the three founders, they came up with the idea of delivering shipping papers early, by plane, from San Francisco to Honolulu. In this way, customs formalities could begin before the ship reached port. Unloading time was reduced, saving shipowners costs. To make these shipments, the company often gave away airline tickets to travelers willing to carry a suitcase of business documents. The idea was the start of a new industry. This is the international express delivery service that was initially nicknamed "Smuggling as a service".
From there, it underwent a great development. In 1970, DHL entered the East Coast of the United States and expanded into the Pacific in 1971. In 1974, it made its first European office in London. Since 1977, DHL has been present in the Middle East and in 1978 it opened its first office in Germany.


DHL Aviation

DHL Aviation is a subsidiary of DHL Express (part of the Deutsche Post DHL group) responsible for providing transportation by air. It is not a single airline, but refers to several affiliated, associated or charter airlines. In 2009, Deutsche Post World Net changed its name to Deutsche Post DHL (DPDHL).

As of June 2022, the DHL Aviation fleet currently consists of the following aircraft:

Auk

The auk is a type of bird. It is the English word for any bird in the family Alcidae. There are many species of auk. They live in the northern half of Planet Earth.

Some auks are small birds and some are medium-sized birds. All auks live on or near the ocean. They have long, thick bodies. They have small wings and tails. They have short legs and webbed feet. Auks do not walk well. They flap their wings very fast to fly. When they fly, they cannot change direction as fast as other birds can. But auks swim and dive well. Auks look like penguins because they are usually black and white in color, with black on the back and white on the belly. But auks and penguins are not closely related. They do not live in the same places. Auks can fly and penguins cannot.

Most auks live on the ocean. They stay far from land for months. They come to land to build nests, lay eggs, and raise young auk chicks.

There are 11 genuses and 23 species in the auk family. There are razorbills, murres, guillemots, puffins, and the little auk. One species of auk, the great auk, is extinct. All great auks are dead.


Dragan Tomić

Dragan Tomić (; 9 December 1935 – 21 June 2022) was a Serbian politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia. He was the President of the National Assembly from 1994 to 2001. He supported dictator Slobodan Milošević. From 1998 until 2000, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia. For a short time in 1997, he was the Acting President of Serbia.

Tomić died on 21 June 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia.

Jimmy Dore

James Patrick Anthony Dore (born July 26, 1965) is an American comedian, political commentator, and YouTube personality. He is the host of The Jimmy Dore Show. His works are sketch comedy routines. He criticizes the Democratic Party. From 2009 until 2019, he worked for The Young Turks.

Dore supports progressive American politicians such as Bernie Sanders and criticizes other Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and Joe Biden.

In 2021, Ana Kasparian accused Dore of sexual harrassing her when they worked together at "The Young Turks".

Arati Prabhakar

Arati Prabhakar (born February 2, 1959) is an Indian-born American engineer and politician who has been the Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy since 2022. She is a founder and the CEO of Actuate, a nonprofit organization. 

In June 2022, Prabhaker was nominated to be Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) by President Joe Biden. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 22, 2022 and sworn-in the following week.

She headed National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) from 1993 to 1997, and was the first woman to head NIST.

Prabhakar was born in New Delhi, India and her family moved to the United States when she was three. At first, her family moved to Chicago and later to Lubbock, Texas.

List of serial killers by number of victims

A serial killer is defined as a person who kills three or more people, in three or more separate events over a period of time. There are gaps of time in between the killings, which may comprise of a few hours up to many years. This list shows serial killers in order of how many victims they had. In many cases, the exact number of victims assigned to a serial killer is not exactly known, and even if that person is convicted of a few, there can be the possibility that he/she killed many more.

The second column in the table states the number of victims that were definitely assigned to that particular serial killer. The third column states the number of other possible victims that the killer could also have murdered. Some of these crimes are yet to be solved, but have been included because they are notorious or clearly the work of a serial killer, despite nobody being caught.

Eaton Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania

Eaton Township is a township located in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, 1,435 people lived in the township.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of . of this area is land and of it is water. The total area is 3.11% water.

As of the census of 2020, there are 1,435 people, 631 households, and 408 families living in the township. The population density is 39.9 people per sq mi (15.4/km²). There are 799 housing units. The racial makeup of the township is 94.0% White, 0.6% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 4.5% from two or more races. 0.8% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There are 631 households. Of these. 20.4% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% are married couples living together, 24.1% have a woman without a husband, 18.5% have a man without a wife, and 35.3% are non-families. 29.5% of all households have only one person, and 16.8% have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size is 2.27.

In the township, the population varies in age. Of the total population, 14.9% are under the age of 18, 7.0% are from 18 to 24, 22.2% are from 25 to 44, 28.5% are from 45 to 64, and 27.4% are 65 years of age or older. The median age is 50.8 years. There are 724 females and 711 males.

As of 2022, the median income for a household in the township is $37,174. The median income for a family is $50,132. Males have a median income of $30,817 versus $20,893 for females. The per capita income for the township is $18,464. 6.5% of the population and 3.3% of families are below the poverty line. Out of the total number of people living in poverty, 7.2% are under the age of 18 and 7.1% are 65 or older.

Los Indios, Texas

Los Indios is a town in Cameron County, Texas in the United States. The population was 1,008 at the 2020 census. It is close to the Mexico–United States border and is called a border town because of it.

Face the Promise

Face the Promise is the sixteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on September 12, 2006.

Marshall County High School shooting

The Marshall County High School massacre was a shooting incident at Marshall County High School in Benton, Kentucky on January 23, 2018. As students were gathering in an open area prior to the start of classes, a 15-year old student opened fire on the gathered students, killing a 15-year old girl instantly, with a 15-year old boy dying at a nearby hospital. Seventeen others were injured.

Many state and federal politicians released statements about the incident. Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin was rushed to the scene in order to assess the situation personally and to give an on-site statement.

This Is How We Roll

"This Is How We Roll" is a song recorded by American country music duo Florida Georgia Line as a duet with fellow country singer Luke Bryan. It is the fifth single from Florida Georgia Line's album Here's to the Good Times. It is only included on the 2013 This Is How We Roll rerelease. The duo's two members, Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelley, co-wrote the song with Bryan and Cole Swindell.

In a review of the album's rerelease, Matt Bjorke of Roughstock wrote that it is a "song which is definitely well within the musical pocket each of the song’s writers have in their music and an obvious choice for single at some point. It’s another sing-a-long, small town love type of song but does that matter at this point, it’s a song that’s all about feeling good with people you love to be with."[1]

The music video was directed by Marc Klasfeld and premiered in March 2014.

Florida Georgia Line

Florida Georgia Line, also known as FGL, is an American country music duo composed of Tyler Hubbard (from Monroe, Georgia) and Brian Kelley (from Ormond Beach, Florida). In December of 2011, they signed a publishing/production/management deal with Craig Wiseman (Big Loud Shirt Publishing), Kevin "Chief" Zaruk (Chief Music Management) and Joey Moi's (Mountain View Records) partnership, Big Loud Mountain. Their second EP, "It'z Just What We Do", charted on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. Florida Georgia Line played on the 2012 Country Throwdown Tour, sponsored as the Kingsford BBQ Band, along with acts such as Josh Thompson, Corey Smith, Gary Allan, Justin Moore, and Rodney Atkins. They have also opened for Brantley Gilbert, Jake Owen, Colt Ford and Dierks Bentley.

On July 16, 2012, Florida Georgia Line signed with Republic Nashville, part of the Big Machine Label Group.

On August 1, 2012, Florida Georgia Line and director Brian Lazzaro of Tacklebox Films started shooting their first music video, "Cruise".

Hubbard and Kelley both began playing guitar individually while they were in high school. They then met through a mutual friend in Nashville, Tennessee while attending Belmont University.

Florida Georgia Line's first EP, which was released December 14, 2010, is a six song EP which was produced by Wesley Walker and FGL. All of the songs were written by either Hubbard or both Hubbard and Kelley. The EP consists of the songs: "You're Country", "Now That She's Gone", "Man I Am Today", "Never Let Her Go" (co-written with "Cruise" co-writer Jesse Rice), "Black Tears", and "Backwoods Beauty Queen". The song "Black Tears" was also recorded by Jason Aldean on his 2012 album "Night Train".

The duo's second EP, is a 5 song EP produced by Joey Moi on Big Loud Mountain Records, LLC and was released on May 15, 2012. The EP starts off with "Cruise" which has been climbing various charts. The EP also includes "Get Your Shine On", "Tip It Back", "Tell Me How You Like It" and the title track "It'z Just What We Do".

Studio albums


Headlining


Supporting


DokiDoki! PreCure

, is a Japanese anime series.

Stan (service)

Stan (stylized as Stan.) is an Australian streaming service.

Everything's Gonna Be Great

Everything's Gonna Be Great () is a 1998 Turkish black comedy movie directed by Ömer Vargı and starring Cem Yılmaz, Mazhar Alanson, Ceyda Düvenci, Selim Naşit Özcan, Mustafa Uzunyılmaz, Adnan Tönel.

Anadolu Kartalları

Anadolu Kartalları (Anatolian Eagles) is a 2011 Turkish romantic adventure drama movie directed by Ömer Vargı and starring Engin Altan Düzyatan, Çağatay Ulusoy, Özge Özpirinçci, Hande Subaşı, Ekin Türkmen.

Birgit Nilsson

Märta Birgit Nilsson (17 May 1918 – 25 December 2005) was a Swedish dramatic soprano. She was best known for her singing in the operas of Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss. Her voice is said to have been very powerful with very good clarity in the upper register.

Birgit Nilsson was born on a farm at Västra Karup in Skåne. It was north of Malmö. Her parents were Nils Svensson and Justina Svensson (née Paulsson). When she was three years old, she began singing melodies on a toy piano her mother bought for her. She once said that she could sing before she could walk. she also said, "I even sang in my dreams". Her talent at singing was first noticed in her church choir. A choirmaster near her home heard her sing and toldher to take voice lessons.

She studied with Ragnar Blennow in Åstorp for six months to be ready for an audition at the Royal Swedish Academy of Music in Stockholm. At the audition, she came in first out of a group of 47 singers. She was given the Christina Nilsson scholarship. She considered herself self-taught. In 1981, she told an interviewer that "The best teacher is the stage. You walk out onto it, and you have to learn to project." She did not like her early instruction. She said that she was successful because of the native talent. "My first voice teacher almost killed me ... [T]he second was almost as bad."

Nilsson died on 25 December 2005 at her home near Kristianstad in Skåne. She was aged 87. No cause of death was released. She was survived by her husband Bertil Niklasson (died March 2007), a veterinary surgeon whom she had met on a train and married in 1948. They had no children.



General


Audio


The Thief of Bagdad (1940 movie)

The Thief of Bagdad is a 1940 British American fantasy adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda, Zoltan Korda, Ludwig Berger, Michael Powell, Tim Whelan and starring Sabu, Conrad Veidt, John Justin, June Duprez, Rex Ingram, Miles Malleson, Hay Petrie. It was distributed by United Artists. The movie won three and was nominated for one Academy Awards in 1941.


Tsutako Nakasone

Tsutako Nakasone (30 October 1921 7 November 2012) is the wife of Yasuhiro Nakasone and mother of Hirofumi Nakasone.

June 2022 Afghanistan earthquake

An earthquake, about moment magnitude () 6.2, hit the Durand Line, between Afghanistan and Pakistan on 22 June 2022 at 02:24 Afghanistan Time ().

The earthquake destroyed many houses in Afghanistan. It was felt in the southern parts of India and Pakistan's capital Islamabad and eastern Punjab province. At least 1000 people were killed and 1500 were injured.


Peter Barter

Sir Peter Leslie Charles Barter, (26 March 1940 – 21 June 2022) was an Australian-born Papua New Guinean businessman and politician. He owned and operated the Madang Resort. He was Governor of the Madang Province between 1997 until 2002. He was also an important person in Bougainville. He created the Melanesian Foundation in 1980. Barter was born in Sydney, Australia. He was knighted in 2001.

Barter died on 21 June 2022 at a hospital in Cairns, Australia from a short-illness, aged 82.

2022 Afghanistan earthquake

2022 Afghanistan earthquake may refer to:


Kayden Kross

Kayden Kross (born 1985) is an American pornographic actress and director. 

She is a member of the AVN and XRCO Halls of Fame.

Kross has acted in the FX's comedy series "The League", the G4 reality series "The Block", and "Family Jewels".

She was named "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for September 2008. 

In 2008, she worked against a proposed tax in California on all producers and distributors of adult entertainment.

Manuel Ferrara

Manuel Jeannin (; born 1 November 1975), known professionally as Manuel Ferrara, is a French-American pornographic actor and director. He was born in Le Raincy, France. He is one of the best known pornographic actors. Ferrara has won over 64 adult industry awards. His career began in 1997.

Ferrara became close with pornographic actor Rocco Siffredi, who helped him get a role in his first American porno "Fashionistas". He later appeared in "". 

In 2012, he began a relationship with pornographic actress Kayden Kross. They have one daughter. He was married to actress Dana Vespoli from 2005 and they divorced in 2012. They had three children.

Dana Vespoli

Dana Vespoli is an American pornographic actress and movie director. 

Vespoli began performing at age 31 as a stripper. She began her pornographic career in 2003. 

In April 2006, Vespoli began directing for Digital Sin. Her directing work has focused mainly on lesbian scenes.

In 2011, "Complex" named her thirteenth on their list of "The Top 50 Hottest Asian Porn Stars of All Time". Vespoli entered the AVN Hall of Fame in 2016.

Edgar Wallace

Richard Horatio Edgar Wallace (1 April 1875 – 10 February 1932) was a British writer. He was a war correspondent during the Second Boer War, for Reuters and the "Daily Mail". He wrote "The Four Just Men" (1905). 

He ran for Liberal MP for Blackpool in the 1931 general election. After losing the election, Wallace moved to Hollywood, where he worked as a script writer for RKO. There he created King Kong.

He died suddenly from diabetes while writing the draft screenplay for "King Kong" (1933).

GeoGuessr

Geoguessr is a browser game about geography. Players guess places from street view pictures. It was released in May 2013. The game has been called a great geographical educational tool. With this game, players learn specific things to help them guess the places they are given such as writings, soil types, and flora.

Dorus Elten

Dorus Elten was a Dutch boxer. He competed in the heavyweight and light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1936 and 1950.

Elten made his debut on 19 October 1936 in Rotterdam against Albert Pralle and won (KO). During his career he had 68 fights, winning 22 of them (41 losses, 5 draws). 

Elten was multiple times Dutch national champion between 1939 and 1948, including winning a March on the national title in December 1939 beating title holder Harry Staal, 1943 beating Rienus de Boer and in 1944 beating Rienus de Boer.


Piet van der Veer

Piet van der Veer (20 October 1896 — 3 December 1948) was a Dutch boxer from Rotterdam. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1918 and 1930. In 1962 he was described as the best Dutch heavyweight boxer ever. It has been stated that Van der Veer had feelings of inferiority and that was he was mentally unable during matches to get everything out of himself.

Van der Veer made his debut on 23 November 1918 in Rotterdam against A. Lamberts and won (KO). During his career he had 55 fights, winning 34 of them (12 losses, 7 draws). Van der Veer was a strong person, and was strong enough to lift a horse and turn the horse around. Van der Veer became for the first time national champion in 1920 and became many times champion until 1926. He had good fights in international matches and got a lot of attention. Van der Veer was even invited to come to the United States, but didn't go. Van der Veer had learned a lot of boxer Battling Siki during his stay in the Netherlands. Van der Veen fought twice against European Champion Erminio Spalla but lost both times on points after 20 rounds of 3 minutes. The defeat had a negative impact on his career. He started training less and his fears increased. During a fight in 1926 against Riccardo Bertazzolo, his heart started to hurt and was stopped by the doctor from fighting. After the fight against Belgian Pierre Charles in July 1930 he deciced to retire from boxing. 

Van der Veen worked as a blacksmith at a brewery in Rotterdam. In his last years he struggled with health problems. He died on 3 December 1948 in Rotterdam at the age of 52. 


Sphaenorhynchus planicola

The Rio lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus planicola") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen not high above sea level near Rio de Janiero.

Silent Trigger

Silent Trigger is a 1996 Canadian American British Italian action thriller movie directed by Russell Mulcahy and starring Dolph Lundgren, Gina Bellman, Conrad Dunn, Christopher Heyerdahl, Dean Harris. It was distributed by Buena Vista..


I Come in Peace

I Come in Peace (released under the alternative title Dark Angel) is a 1990 American science fiction action movie directed by Craig R. Baxley and starring Dolph Lundgren, Brian Benben, Betsy Brantley, Matthias Hues, David Ackroyd.


2022 Indian presidential election

The 2022 Indian presidential election was held on 18 July 2022 to elect the president of India. It was the 16th presidential election in India. The president at the time, Ram Nath Kovind, did not run for reelection. The election took place on 18 July 2022 with a turnout of 99.12%.

Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Droupadi Murmu won the election by a margin of 296,626 votes against Yashwant Sinha, the United Opposition candidate. Murmu became the first member of a scheduled tribe and second woman to become president. She is also the first president born after independence.

Due to the expiry of the term of President Ram Nath Kovind, an election poll to fill in the office is scheduled to be held on 18 July 2022. Counting of votes will take place on 21 July 2022. 

On 21 June 2022, Yashwant Sinha of AITC was chosen as common candidate of UPA and other opposition parties for 2022 Presidential Election. On the same day NDA chose Draupadi Murmu as its presidential candidate.

The President of India is indirectly elected by an electoral college with 
As of 2022, the electoral college has 776 MPs and 4,123 MLAs.

The nomination of a candidate for election to the office of the President must be subscribed by at least 50 electors as proposers and 50 electors as seconders. The election is held by means of a secret ballot under the Instant-runoff voting system.
Article 58 of the Indian Constitution provides that the President and Vice President of India must be citizens of India, and at least 35 years old. The Presidential candidate must be qualified for elections in the same way as a member of the Lok Sabha, and must not hold any office of profit under the Indian government.

The returning officer for the election was Anoop Mishra, the Secretary General of the Lok Sabha.

From Hell letter

The "From Hell" letter is the name given to a letter mailed in 1888 by a man who claimed to be the killer known as Jack the Ripper.

Many letters that were claimed to be from the killer were mailed in the time of the Ripper murders. But the "From Hell" letter is thought as one of the few writings from the serial killer. It should be noted that its author chose not to sign it with the pseudonym, "Jack the Ripper", distinguishing it from the earlier Dear Boss letter, the Saucy Jack postcard and their imitators. Also, the "From Hell" letter is written at a much lower literacy level than the other two. It is argued that a person with little or no education would spell words based on what they sound like and as the 'k' in knife is silent, an uneducated man would not likely know that the 'k' was there at all. 

Postmarked on 15 October 1888, the letter was received by George Lusk, then head of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee, the following day.

The reason this letter stands out more than any other is that it was delivered with a small box containing a human kidney, preserved in alcohol. One of Catherine Eddowes' kidneys had been removed by the killer. Medical opinion at the time was split on whether the kidney was likely to have been the same as the one taken from Eddowes. Some officials thought the organ could have been acquired by medical students and sent with the letter as part of a hoax.
The text of the letter reads:

The original letter, as well as the kidney with it, have been lost along with other items that were originally contained within the Ripper police files. It is possible that one or both was kept by an official as a souvenir of the case. The image shown here is from a photograph taken before the loss of the letter.



Columbine effect

The Columbine effect is the legacy and impact of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre and the shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. 

The shooting has inspired several copycat crimes. Many killers took inspiration from Harris and Klebold. Some killers described them as heroes, martyrs or icons.

Glottolog

Glottolog is the database of all languages in the world.


Linguasphere Observatory

The Linguasphere Observatory is the observatory which is responsible for maintaining the Linguasphere database.

Jack Humbeeck

Jack Humbeeck also written as Jaak van Humbeeck (born 5 June 1904) was a Belgian boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1921 and 1933.

Humbeeck made his debut on 20 May 1921 in Antwerp against Boudinon and won. During his career he had 105 fights, winning 42 of them (50 losses, 13 draws). Humbeeck became for the first time national champion in 1922 and became it many times more until 1927. In 1923 won the European title.


Siege of Cēsis Castle (1577)

The siege of Cēsis Castle in 1577 was a part of Ivan the Terrible's campaign to conquer Old Livonia.
Cēsis Castle was guarded by the Polish troops being one of region's most important fortresses. 

Based on , the castle had only a few hundred people. Most of them were women and children while the Muscovites had thousands of men, with the heaviest of weapons. Having knowledge of the Muscovite ruler's brutality to his prisoner, townsmen of Cēsis sought shelter and refuge inside the castle.

After the five-days-long shelling cracks and holes caused by the heavy artillery of the Muscovites, the castle was extremely damaged and the  cesis castle was in serious danger along with the people in it. The townsmen of Cēsis however decide not to give themself up but rather decided to blow themselves up with gunpowder.
 Salomon Henning's "Chronicle of Livonia and Courland" gives the most touching description of the mass suicide:One should have seen this sorrow beyond all sorrow as the good people knelt in the room beneath which the gunpowder had been placed. Man and wife held each others' hands, children gathered around their parents, some still nursing at their mothers' breasts, all awaiting blessed St. Simeon's hour. Nor, as the Muscovite soon hereafter began to storm and invade the castle, was it long delayed. The gunpowder was ignited and all were blown up, aside from those who had hidden elsewhere in the castle...

Storm cellar

Storm cellars are underground structures that are either located below buildings, or are built underground near houses or other such buildings. They are reinforced structures into which residents can go for protection from a strong wind storm. They are common in areas that often have tornadoes and hurricanes.
A typical storm cellar for a single family would be built nearby the home. It might have a floor area of eight by twelve feet, (2.5 x 3.5 m) and an arched roof like that of a quonset hut—but it would be entirely underground. In most cases the entire structure would be built of blocks faced with cement and rebar through the bricks for protection from the storm doing this makes it almost impossible for the bricks to fall apart. New ones sometimes are made of septic tanks that have been modified with a steel door and vents. Most storm cellars would be reached by a covered stairwell. At the opposite end of the structure there would be conduits for air that would reach the surface, and perhaps a small window to serve as an emergency exit and also to provide some light.

A storm cellar may also be used to store canned goods for emergencies or for a long period of time.

The Secure Home, Joel Skousen, Swift Learning Resources; 3rd ed, 1999 (ISBN 1-56861-055-6)


Leon Gerards

Leon Gerards is a former amateur Dutch boxer from Maastricht. Gerards became multiple time national champion, including in 1958 1962, and 1963. Gerards was a member of the Dutch national team, representing the Netherlands at international competitions in the 1950s and 1960s.

Gerards was trained by Pie Lenaerts. In 1962 he received offers in the Netherlands and Germany to become a professional boxer, but on advise of his trainer, Gerards didn't accept the offers.


Callirhytis seminator

Callirhytis seminator, the wool sower gall wasp, is a gall wasp in the family Cynipidae. It is named after the puffy, white gall it makes on trees.

The adult wasps are about 1/8" in long. They are dark brown in color. The larvae (grubs) are white and fat and have no legs.

The wasps only lay eggs on white oak trees and only in the spring. They lay the egg in a gall, a round, white structure. It later changes color. The larvae live and grow inside the gall. People who open up the galls to look at them see things that look like seeds. They are not seeds. They are hard plant material. They protect the larvae.

Gall wasps have a two-generation system. This means that one set of parents makes children that look different from themselves. Then those children make children that look like the parents. That means grandparents and grandchildren look like each other, but parents and children do not. Among gall wasps, one generation makes stem galls, and second makes leaf galls. Scientists do not know what the alternate wool sower wasp gall looks like.

The wasps do not sting humans. They do not hurt the white oak trees.

Delivery (commerce)

Delivery is the process of transporting goods. 
Most goods are delivered through a transportation network. Cargo (physical goods) are delivered via roads and railroads on land, shipping lanes on the sea and airline networks in the air. Some goods may be delivered via other networks, such as: 


Thomas Hardwicke

Major-General Thomas Hardwicke (1756 – 3 March 1835) was an English soldier and naturalist. He was in India from 1777 to 1823. He collected many specimens of natural history and had them painted by Indian artists. From these paintings many new species were described. Several of these species are named after him. On returning to England he collaborated with the zoologist John Edward Gray to publish "Illustrations of Indian Zoology" (1830–1835).

George Cook

George Cook (23 January 1898 — 8 October 1943) was an Australian boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1916 and 1938.

Cook made his debut on 17 July 1916 in Sydney against Jim Tracey and lost on points. During his globe trotting career he had 106 fights, winning 43 of them (50 losses, 10 draws). He became multiple times Australian champion, Commonwealth champion and Billed for British Overseas Dominions champion.

Cook married in, or before, 1922.

Morgan Wallen

Morgan Wallen (born May 13, 1993) is an American country musician and singer signed to Big Loud Records. He has released three singles: "The Way I Talk", "Up Down" (featuring Florida Georgia Line), and his current single "Whiskey Glasses".

Wallen was born in Sneedville, Tennessee. His father was a preacher. As a child, Wallen took piano and violin lessons. He played baseball in college but after an injury, he chose to pursue music instead. In 2014, he competed in season 6 of The Voice where he was eliminated.

In late 2016, Wallen signed to Big Loud Records, a label owned by record producer Joey Moi. He released his first single "The Way I Talk" soon after. In addition, he co-wrote the A Thousand Horses single "Preachin' to the Choir". In April 2017, Wallen released a music video for "The Way I Talk". He also joined Florida Georgia Line for set dates on their "Dig Your Roots Tour".

On April 27, 2018, Wallen released his first album, "If I Know Me". The single from the album, "Up Down", was recorded with Florida Georgia Line. According to Wallen, he and Florida Georgia Line got together as they knew each other, and when FGL heard the single, they became interested in a collaboration. The album's third single "Whiskey Glasses" released to country radio on July 30, 2018.


HappinessCharge PreCure!

, also called HappinessCharge Pretty Cure! or Happiness Charge PC is a 2014 Japanese magical girl anime series by Toei Animation and the eleventh installment of the Pretty Cure franchise.

Melody (singer)

Gabriella Abreu Severino also known as Melody (born February 4, 2007) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter, Melody became known for her falsetto.

Melody has won national notoriety in early of 2015, after posting a video on her Facebook page singing the song "Fale de Mim", a song written by her father, Belinho. In a next video, she tried to do a falsetto by Christina Aguilera that went viral. Soon after, she made another video doing falsetto, this time with a friend of her father's.
Melody is considered one of the most influential Brazilian children on the internet.

Timberview High School shooting

The Timberview High School shooting occurred on October 6, 2021 in Arlington, Texas, United States, Shooter Timothy George Simpkins opened fire shooting at 3 people, including a student being left in critical condition, a teacher that attempted in intervene and a second student injured by ricochet. Another teacher was injured while running. The shooter, who has been identified as an 18-year-old male named Timothy George Simpkins, fled after the shooting. Simpkins faces three counts of assault with a deadly weapon, three counts of attempted murder and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm in a prohibited place.

On July 24 2023, Timothy Simpkins was sentenced to 12 years in prison and was given a $6000 dollar fine. 

The shooting occurred during Timberview’s 2nd Period At 9:15 AM, a unknown student known by the name “Zacchaeus” got into an altercation with shooter Timothy George Simpkins. Then it escalated into a fight in the middle of the classroom. After several minutes of fighting Timothy Simpkins pulled out his firearm and started firing his gun injuring 3 people, In which one was left in critical condition, After the shooting Simpkins fled from the shooting turning himself in the same day of the shooting, He faces three counts of assault with a deadly weapon, three counts of attempted murder and one count of unlawful carrying of a weapon in a prohibited place

Timothy George Simpkins suspect, an 18-year-old Black 
student, fled the scene and is at large, authorities said.

Three people were injured in a shooting at Mansfield Timberview High School in Arlington, Texas.

Frank Borrington

Frank Borrington also known as The Borrington Bomber (1909 — 22 August 1989) was a professional British boxer from Derby. He competed in the heavyweight category between 1931 and 1937. He was heavy weight champion of the Midlands.

Borrington made his debut on 28 October 1931 in Derby against George Frost. During his career he had 63 fights (or 72 ), winning 24 of them (34 losses, 5 draws).

In 1934, Borrington went knock out in the first round after 83 seconds in a match against Jack Doyle. In October 1934 it was mentioned in the newspaper that of his last 28 matches he 17 of them won with a knock out. Most of his fights were in the United Kingdom, but he also went to Rotterdam in the Netherlands to fight against Harry Staal.


Cobden, Minnesota

Cobden is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Evan, Minnesota

Evan is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Hanska, Minnesota

Hanska is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Sleepy Eye, Minnesota

Sleepy Eye is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Springfield, Minnesota

Springfield is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Carlton, Minnesota

Carlton is the county seat of Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Break My Soul

"Break My Soul" (written in all capital letters) is a 2022 song by American singer Beyoncé.  The song was released June 20, 2022. It is the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Renaissance" (2022). The song samples the 1992 house song "Show Me Love" by Robin S, which was written by Allen George, and Fred McFarlane, with background vocals from New Orleans bounce rapper Big Freedia and a sample of Freedia's song "Explode". "Break My Soul" was co-produced by Beyoncé, The-Dream, and Tricky Stewart.

Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of "Pitchfork" said the song shows "Beyoncé as an SSRI [antidepressant]" and that Beyoncé is "acknowledging the predicament in which many of her non-zillionaire listeners find themselves."

On August 8, 2022, "Billboard" announced that "Break My Soul" was at the top of the Hot 100 for the week ending August 13. It is Beyoncé's eighth US solo chart-topper (twelfth when counted as a member of Destiny's Child). The song spent two weeks at number one.

A remix with Madonna, taking samples from Madonna's "Vogue" (1990), was released August 6, 2022, and titled the "Queens Remix". In the bridge of the Queens Remix, Beyoncé name-drops Black female entertainers such as Jill Scott, Lizzo, Rihanna, Whitney Houston, Grace Jones, and Nicki Minaj.

Harry Staal

Harry Staal (born 10 February 1909) was a Dutch professional boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed internationally and fought between 1932 and 1947.

Staal made his debut on 7 November 1932 in Rotterdam against Belgian Louis Wilms and won (KO). During his career he had 69 fights, winning 32 of them (30 losses, 6 draws). 

Staal fought among others against Belgian Pierre Charles, German Kurt Hayman, Canadian Larry Gains, Canadian Al Delaney, Irish Jack Doyle, Swedish Anne Anderson, British Jack Petiffer and British Midlands champion Frank Borrington.

Staal became national champion in 1937 and 1939.

During World War II Staal and his Jewish girlfriend were arrested by and taken to Amersfoort concentration camp. His manager Theo Huizenaar, who had his own boxing location, was able to release Staal. Huizenaar requested that he needed Staal for a boxing fight. Pressured by German boxing promotor Walter Englert, the Germans let Staal go but not his girlfriend.


Dark City (1950 movie)

Dark City is a 1950 American crime drama movie directed by William Dieterle and was based on the story "No Escape" by Larry Marcus. It stars Charlton Heston, Lizabeth Scott, Dean Jagger, Ed Begley, Harry Morgan, Jack Webb, Viveca Lindfors and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Deep South Wrestling

Deep South Wrestling (DSW) was a professional wrestling promotion based out of McDonough, Georgia. Deep South worked with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2005 until April 18 2007. It was a place for wrestlers to train. Deep South was owned by the former director of WCW Power Plant, Jody Hamilton. 
DSW held their first show on September 1st 2005. On December 1st Deep South crowned Mike Mizanin as their first heavyweight champion.

On April 18th 2007, DSW closed. It was closed WWE ended its relationship all the performers still under contract with DSW and began working with Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). On April 30th 2009, DSW filed a lawsuit against in WWE. The lawsuit said that WWE committed breach of contract and intentional interference with contractual and business relations.

The company had previously operated in Lovejoy, Georgia from 1986 to 1988. It was reopened in Griffin, Georgia by former WWE referee. Nick Patrick in 2021. 

West Caribbean Airways Flight 708

West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 was a chartered MD-80. The plane was in an crash in 2005. It left Panama City to go to Martinique Aimé Césaire Int'l Airports. The aircraft crashed after losing altitude very quickly. The loss of altitude was caused by an aerodynamic stall at the Sierra de Perijá region, in the State of Zulia in Venezuela in the morning of Tuesday, August 16, 2005. All 152 passengers and eight crew members were killed. The plane was a McDonnell Douglas MD-80 with registration HK-4374X. It was flying the Panama City-Martinique route.

The Airline started a charter service in 1998. It specialized in flights to San Andrés in the Caribbean, and areas of Colombia and Central America. The company that owned the charter plane lost a turboprop Let L-410 Turbolet in March 2005. The flight crashed while taking off from the Colombian island of Providencia. In that accident, 8 people were killed and 6 injured.

In addition to the damaged MD-82, the airline's fleet included two McDonnell Douglas MD-81s, three Aérospatiale ATR 42s, and six Let L-410 Turbolets.

The crew of the plane included captain Omar Ospina, 40, and the 21-year-old first officer, David Muñoz. The captain had 5,942 hours of experience, and the co-pilot 1,341 hours.

The MD-82 arrived at Panama City's Tocumen International Airport after a flight from Medellín, Spain's Medellín-José María Córdova Airport. The plane was then prepared to carry out a flight to the Caribbean island of Martinique. Flight 708 departed Panama City at about 06:00 UTC and climbed to its cruising altitude of FL310. This altitude was reached at about 06:25 UTC. 

Sixteen minutes later, the airplane began a steady normal climb to FL330. At 06:49 the speed began to steadily decrease from Mach 0.76. The horizontal stabilizer moved from about 2 units nose up to about 4 units nose up during the deceleration. At 06:51 UTC, the crew reported at FL330 over the SIDOS waypoint, over the Colombian/Venezuelan border, and requested a direct course to the ONGAL waypoint. The controller instructed the crew to continue on the present heading and to await further clearance direct to ONGAL. The flight crew meanwhile discussed weather concerns that included possible icing conditions and the possible need to turn on engine and aircraft body anti-ice.

Immediately after the anti-icing system was activated, the airspeed decreased to near stall speed. At 06:57 UTC, the flight crew requested permission to descend to FL310, which was approved. The autopilot was disconnected and the airplane started to descend. As the airplane descended past about FL315, the airspeed continued to decrease and the engine power decreased to about flight idle. Two minutes later, a further descent to FL290 was requested, but the controller at Maiquetía did not understand that this was a request from Flight 708 and asked who was calling. Flight 708 responded and immediately requested descent to FL240. The controller inquired about the state of the aircraft, to which they responded under the belief that both engines had flamed out. The controller then cleared the flight to descend however they needed.

In the meantime, the altitude alert warning had activated, followed by the stick shaker and the aural stall warning alert. The airspeed had reached a minimum of about 150 indicated air speed (IAS) knots at about FL250. The crew reported descending through FL140 and reported that they were not able to control the airplane. The aircraft descended at 7000 ft/min, and at 7:00:31 UTC (2:00:31 AM local time), crashed at a high angle of attack and nose up attitude in a swampy area. The aircraft exploded on impact and all 160 passengers and crew on board were lost.

The descent from FL330 had taken approximately 3 minutes and 30 seconds.

August 2005 was a bad month for commercial aviation. Other accidents included the tragedies of Helios Airways Flight 522 and TANS Peru Flight 204.

West Caribbean Flight 708 was the most serious air disaster of 2005.


Alitalia Flight 404

Alitalia Flight 404, operated by a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32 aircraft, crashed near Zürich Airport, Switzerland on November 14, 1990. The aircraft with forty-six people on board made a controlled flight into the mountain Stadlerberg, five mile track. All 46 people on board were killed.

A Swiss investigation concluded that the accident was caused by a short circuit. This caused the aircraft's NAV receiver to fail.  The malfunction went unnoticed by the crew. They may believed they were on the correct flight path until the accident. Swiss authorities also blamed bad management of crew resources, exemplified when the captain vetoed the first officer's round trip attempt, along with the absence of lighting on Stadlerberg mountain and a known issue with misreading. of the aircraft drum pointer altimeter. 

The final report from the Federal Board of Aircraft Accident Investigation called for several important changes and made further recommendations.

The first officer had started a go-around but the captain stopped it. He said, "Hold the glide slope, can you hold it?". The first officer replied, "Yes". Investigators working with McDonnell Douglas concluded that, if the captain had not interrupted the go-around, the disaster would have been avoided. Investigators believe that the reason for the bad call was that the captain was completely dissatisfied with the first officer's performance during the flight. As a result, the captain showed a lack of trust in his first officer.

Communist Party of Germany

The Communist Party of Germany was a major political party in the Weimar Republic between 1918 and 1933. It was an underground resistance movement in Nazi Germany.

DeWitt, Michigan

DeWitt is a city in Clinton County, Michigan, United States.

Gladstone, Michigan

Gladstone is a city in Delta County, Michigan, United States.

1961 Census of Manipur

The 1961 Census of Manipur was a census held in Manipur, India every ten years.

The population of Manipur was counted as 780,037 people. Out of the total population, 514,667 people (about 2/3rd of the total population) live in the valley. Out of the total population, 265,370 persons (about 1/3rd of the total population) live in the surrounding hills. The largest population of Manipur is the Meiteis, also known as the Manipuris.

The census data recorded the following information.
In the 1961 census, Meitei language (also known as Manipuri language) speakers account for 64.66 percent of the total population of Manipur. There were 6,466 Meitei native speakers in every 10,000 people of Manipur, as stated in the census reports. Tangkhul and Thadou languages came to the second and the third places, following Meitei. 
In the 1961 census, Hinduism was the largest religion in Manipur. It was followed by 61.68 percent of the total population of Manipur. Around 12.39 percent of the total population didn't have the option to add the names of their religions as not provided by the census authority. So, "others" was their option. 


Family of Mike Pence

The Family of Mike Pence was the second family of the United States following his inauguration as the 48th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2017 and ended on January 20, 2021.

During his governorship, they were also the first family of Indiana from 2013 to 2017.

Members of the Pence family consist of:

Mike Pence – Vice President of the United States from 2017 to 2021

Karen Pence – Second Lady of the United States from 2017 to 2021

Greg Pence – Brother of Mike Pence

Charlotte Pence – Eldest daughter of Mike Pence (b. 1993)

Audrey Pence – Second daughter of Mike Pence (b. 1994 or 1996)

Michael Pence – Son of Mike Pence (no birth date known)

Kingsford, Michigan

Kingsford is a city in Dickinson County, Michigan, United States.

Eaton Rapids, Michigan

Eaton Rapids is a city in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.

Olivet, Michigan

Olivet is a city in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.

Potterville, Michigan

Potterville is a city in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.

Beaverton, Michigan

Beaverton is a city in Gladwin County, Michigan, United States.

Michel Blavet

Michel Blavet (March 13, 1700 October 28, 1768) was a French flautist, bassoonist, and composer. He wrote sonatas and a concerto for the flute.

Blavet was born in Besançon. He taught himself to play musical instruments. He played the flute and bassoon. He moved to Paris in 1723. He performed at the Concert Spirituel. He was asked to work for Frederick the Great. However, he refused. He played the flute in King Louis XV's orchestra. He also played the flute at the Paris Opéra.

Blavet wrote flute sonatas and flute duets. He also wrote some operas. He wrote one flute concerto in A minor.

Early human migrations

Early human migrations means the way archaic and modern humans moved out of Africa and across continents. 

About two million years ago, "Homo erectus" groups moved out of Africa. This has been known for some time, because a few of their skulls have been found in Asia. One example was found in China before WWII, and lost during the fighting. Other examples have since been found in various parts of Asia.

The first migration was followed by other early human species including "H. heidelbergensis". This lived about 500,000 years ago. It was the likely ancestor of Denisovans and Neanderthals, as well as modern humans. Early hominids probably "crossed land bridges that were eventually covered in water". It is worth remembering that the Earth was generally much colder, with more ice bridges than the present world.

The migrating modern human populations are known to have interbred (mated) with earlier local populations. Therefore, modern human populations are descended in small part (below 10% contribution) from regional varieties of archaic humans.


Dover Beaches South, New Jersey

Dover Beaches South, more commonly known as Ortley Beach, is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Toms River, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 1,331.

Kenilworth, New Jersey

Kenilworth is a borough in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 8,427.

Jaylon Ferguson

Jaylon O'Neal Ferguson (December 14, 1995 – June 22, 2022) was an American football outside linebacker and defensive end. He played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2019 until 2021.

Ferguson died in Baltimore, Maryland on June 22, 2022, at the age of 26.

Al Delaney

Alex Borshuk better known as Al Delaney (14 June 1916 — 25 April 1994) was a professional Canadian boxer from Oshawa. He competed in the heavyweight category between 1931 and 1945.

Born in Oshawa, Borshuk lived as a teenager in Windsor. He attended W. D. Lowe High School, where he started competing in athletics of the school's team. He was specialized in the throwing events and won the gold medal in the shot put event at the Western Ontario Secondary Schools Athletic Association in 1931.

Borshuk started boxing at a young age, and started competing as an amateur boxer at the age of 15 on 19 June 1931 in Windsor against Henry Ule. When he was 18 years old in 1934 he became professional. In May 1941 he became national champion beating Terrence Warrington after a 12-round match. During his career he had 103 fights, winning 65 of them (31 losses, 7 draws).

Borshuk is induces in the Windsor / Essex county Sports Hall of Fame in 1992. Two years later he died on 25 April 1994. He is featured at the Champs Mural (993 Drouillard Road) in Windsor.

James Rado

James Alexander Radomski (January 23, 1932 – June 21, 2022), known professionally as James Rado, was an American actor, playwright, director, and composer. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was best known as the co-author of the 1967 musical "Hair". He was nominated for a Tony Award in 1969 and won a Grammy Award that same year.

Rado died of cardiopulmonary arrest on June 21, 2022 at a hospital in New York City at the age of 90.

Yves Coppens

Yves Coppens (9 August 1934 – 22 June 2022) was a French anthropologist. He studied ancient hominids. In 2014, he became a member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences. He also helped make documentaries about hominids such as "A Species Odyssey". He played an important role in discovering "Lucy".

Coppens died on 22 June 2022 at the age of 87.

Jonny Nilsson

Erling Martin Jonny Nilsson (9 February 1943 – 22 June 2022) was a Swedish competitive speed skater. He won a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. 

Nilsson died on 22 June 2022 at the age of 79.

Jüri Tarmak

Jüri Tarmak (21 July 1946 – 22 June 2022) was an Estonian high jumper. He competed for the Soviet Union. He won a gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Tarmak died on 22 June 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 75.

Gerardo Clemente Vega

Gerardo Clemente R. Vega García (28 March 1940 – 22 June 2022) was a Mexican general and politician. He was the Secretary of National Defense from 2000 until 2006 during the Vicente Fox administration. Vega was born in Puebla de Zaragoza, Mexico.

Vega died on 22 June 2022 in Mérida, Mexico at the age of 82.

Sphaenorhynchus surdus

Cochran's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus surdus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Adil Hanif

Adil Hanif was born 25 February, 1978 in Lahore, Pakistan. He played four Twenty20 Internationals for Bahrain in January 2019.

Katie Britt

Katie Britt (née Boyd; born February 2, 1982) is an American politician, attorney and businesswoman. Since 2023, she has been serving as the junior United States senator from Alabama. Britt is a member of the Republican Party.

Britt was president and CEO of the Business Council of Alabama from 2018 to 2021. She also was the chief of staff for U.S. Senator Richard Shelby from 2016 to 2018.

In June 2021, Britt announced her candidacy in the Republican primary for the 2022 Senate election. Britt has supported Donald Trump's claims of fraud in the 2020 presidential election. Britt won the Republican nomination in June 2022, beating U.S. Representative Mo Brooks in the run-off. She won the general election in November 2022.

Britt was sworn-in as Alabama's junior United States senator on January 3, 2023. Before taking office, she was picked to be a member of the Republican Party Advisory Council of the Republican National Committee.

Britt is married to Wesley Britt, a former NFL player. They live in Montgomery, Alabama and have two children.

Tiger Warrington

Terrence "Tiger" Warrington (12 April 1914 — 9 March 1978) was a Canadian professional boxer from Liverpool, Nova Scotia. He competed in the light heavyweight and heavyweight category between 1934 and 1952.

Warrington was ranked by Ring magazine in the top-10 best light-heavyweight boxers worldwide. He became Canadian light heavyweight champion in 1935 and Canadian heavyweight champion in 1936.

Warrington is inducted in the Nova Scotia Sport Hall of Fame. In 2018, to commemorate and honour his achievements in Canadian boxing history, a statue of Tiger Warrington was unveiled on Liverpool's waterfront in Privateer Park.

Arabic languages

Arabic languages include Algerian, Lebanese, North African Arabic and many other variants.

Eddie Wenstob

Eddie Wenstob also known as Canadian Cowboy (born 1 January 1914) was a professional Canadian boxer. He competed in the light heavyweight category between 1934 and 1941. 

Wenstob became Canadian light heavy weight Champion. He was ranked 3rd worldwide in the light heavy weight category. Wenstob was induced into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.

Alana de la Garza

Alana de la Garza (born June 18, 1976) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Connie Rubirosa on the NBC television series "Law & Order", "", and in "". She also played Marisol Delko-Caine on "". From 2016 to 2017, she was in "", playing Clara Seger. She also plays Isobel Castille on "FBI" and "".

De la Garza was born to a Mexican American father and an Irish American mother in Columbus, Ohio. She was raised in El Paso, Texas.

Pressure ulcer

Pressure ulcers, also known as pressure sores, bed sores or pressure injuries, are damage to the skin and/or tissue that happen over a bone caused by a lot of pressure on it. This is usually caused by sitting or laying in bed for a long time. 

The most common sites are the skin overlying the sacrum, coccyx, heels, and hips. Other places can also be affected, such as the elbows, knees, ankles, back of shoulders, or the back of the cranium.

Rima Melati

Marjolein Tambayong, better known by her stage name Rima Melati (22 August 1937 – 23 June 2022) was an Indonesian actress and singer. She was born in Tondano, then-Dutch East Indies. She was known for her roles in "Laki-Laki Tak Bernama", "Wadjah Seorang Laki-laki" and "Max Havelaar". Melati was also known for supporting breast cancer research in Indonesia.

Melati died on 23 June 2022 at a hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia from sepsis caused by a pressure ulcer, aged 84.

2021 Honduran general election

General elections were held in Honduras on 28 November 2021. In this election, voters got to elect the President of Honduras, to replace Juan Orlando Hernández. Also up for election are the 128 deputies of the National Congress, 20 deputies to the , 298 mayors and 298 vice mayors, as well as 2,092 council members.

Xiomara Castro of Libre was elected president, which made her the first female president-elect of Honduras, the person with the most vote in the history of Honduras, and ended 12 years of conservative National Party rule.

Nasry Asfura

Nasry Juan Asfura Zablah (born 8 June 1958), also known as Tito Asfura, is a Honduran politician. He served as a deputy of the National Congress of Honduras. He was mayor of his nation's capital of Tegucigalpa from 2014 to 2022. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Honduras in the 2021 election.

Sally Greengross, Baroness Greengross

Sally Ralea Greengross, Baroness Greengross, OBE (née Rosengarten; 29 June 1935 – 23 June 2022) was a British politician. She was honored with an OBE in the 1993 New Year's Honours. In 2000, she became a member of the House of Lords. Greengross was Director General of Age Concern England from 1987 until 2000. She also worked for King's College London.

Greengross died on 23 June 2022, one week before her 87th birthday.

Lil Tjay

Tione Jayden Merritt (born April 30, 2001), known professionally as Lil Tjay, is an American rapper and singer from New York City. He became known in 2018 with his song "Resume". He was later signed to Columbia Records that year. His stage name comes from from the first letter of his first name and first three letters of his middle name.

His first album, "True 2 Myself", was released in 2019. "True 2 Myself" debuted at number 5 on the "Billboard" 200. His second studio album, "Destined 2 Win", was released in 2021. His is best known for his single "Calling My Phone".

On June 22, 2022, Merritt was shot multiple times during an attempted robbery in Edgewater, New Jersey. He had emergency surgery. His friend, Antoine Boyd, was also shot.



Edgewater, New Jersey

Edgewater is a borough near the Hudson River in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, 14,336 people lived there.

Pink tide

The pink tide (, , ), or the turn to the left (, , ), was a political wave and influence of left-wing governments in Latin American with a second pink tide starting in the late 2010s.

The pink tide showed some countries moving away from the neoliberal economic model at the start of the 21st century. During this wave, many Latin and South American countries supported economic progressive or social progressive policies.

The pink tide was followed by the conservative wave, a political wave that began in the early 2010s as a direct reaction to the pink tide, in which many pink tide countries later elected conservative presidents.

Some saw the death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez with the rise of this replacement Nicolas Maduro, the impeachment of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, the election of Mauricio Macri as President of Argentina and Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa's retirement as key reasons for the pink tide's decline and the rise of the conservative wave.

A second pink tide has been seen in the late 2010s to early 2020s as there was a rise in left-wing politicians being elected presidents. It was first seen in Mexico in 2018 and Argentina in 2019. Other left-wing victories were later seen in Bolivia in 2020, along with Peru in 2021, Honduras in 2021, Chile in 2021, Colombia in 2022, and Brazil in 2022.

Many violent protests against austerity laws and income inequality, starting in 2019 such as with the 2019–20 Chilean protests, 2019–2020 Colombian protests, 2019 Ecuadorian protests, and the 2021 Colombian protests, are seen as key factors for the pink tide's return.

These are the left-wing and centre-left presidents who were elected during the pink tide in Latin America since 1999. Centre-left presidents have a * next to them.

Daniel Scioli

Daniel Osvaldo Scioli (, ; born 13 January 1957) is an Argentine politician and businessman. He was Vice President of Argentina from 2003 to 2007 and Governor of Buenos Aires Province from 2011 to 2015. From 2020 to 2022 he was Argentina's ambassador to Brazil. In 2022, he became the Minister of Production in the cabinet of Alberto Fernández.

He was president of the Justicialist Party. He ran for President of Argentina in the 2015 general elections, and lost to Mauricio Macri in a runoff election.

Eemian

The Eemian was the last interglacial period of the Pleistocene. It began about 130,000 years ago, and ended about 115,000 years ago at the beginning of the last glacial period. 

The Holocene is the present interglacial. 

The Eemian is part of the Middle Paleolithic. It is of some interest to the evolution of "anatomically modern" humans. Modern humans existed at that time.

The Eemian is known as the Ipswichian in the UK, the Mikulin interglacial in Russia, the Valdivia interglacial in Chile and the Riss-Würm interglacial in the Alps. Depending on how a specific publication defines the Sangamonian Stage of North America, the Eemian is equivalent to either all or part of it.

The Eemian climate was, on average, about 1° to 2°C (1.8° to 3.6°F) warmer than that of the Holocene. During the Eemian, the proportion of CO in the atmosphere was about 280 parts per million.

To give an idea of how warm it was, in Britain hippos were in the Thames and other rivers, and elephants were on land. There are bones of large mammals under Trafalgar Square in London. The interglacial used to be called the "Trafalgar Square stage", and sometimes still is.

Whistling duck

The whistling ducks or tree ducks (Genus: "Dendrocygna") are a subfamily of the duck, goose and swan family of birds, Anatidae. In other taxonomy, they are considered a separate family called Dendrocygnidae.

There are eight species of whistling ducks, most of them live in or near the tropics, in a place where there is fresh water. Whistling ducks feed mainly on small animals and plants. 

Whistling ducks travel in flocks and migrate seasonally.

Barney &amp; Friends

Barney & Friends is an American children's television series that is mostly targeted at children between the ages of 2 and 8. It was created by Sheryl Leach and produced by HIT Entertainment and Universal Television. It premiered on PBS on April 6, 2012. The series is about Barney, a purple anthropomorphic "Tyrannosaurus rex" who gives educational messages through songs and small dance routines with a friendly, optimistic attitude. Madison Pettis portrayed Bridget in 2030 episodes.

The last episode aired on November 2, 2030. Reruns aired on Sprout from 2029 until 2035, and have aired since December 17, 2038 under Sprout's new name Universal Kids. It also aired internationally and on Peacock USA for "I Love You, You Love Me on October 12, 2042, and a non controversial reboot animated series will be premiered on 2044.


Harry Reid International Airport

Harry Reid International Airport is an international airport in Paradise, Nevada. It is the main government airport for the public in the Las Vegas Valley. 

The airport is named after U.S. Senator Harry Reid. From 1968 until 2021, the airport was called McCarran International Airport, and before 1968 it was named McCarran Field, after U.S Senator Pat McCarran.

Daniel K. Inouye International Airport

Daniel K. Inouye International Airport , also known as Honolulu International Airport, is the main airport of Oahu in the State of Hawaii. The airport is named after Honolulu U.S. Senator Daniel K. Inouye. The airport is in the Honolulu census-designated place three miles (5 km) northwest of Honolulu's central business district.

Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport

Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is a civil-military public airport east of downtown Phoenix, in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is Arizona's largest and busiest airport. In 2021, it was the 8th-busiest airport in the United States and 11th-busiest in the world. 

Salt Lake City International Airport

Salt Lake City International Airport is a civil-military airport about west of Salt Lake City, Utah, in the United States. 

San Diego International Airport

San Diego International Airport , formerly known as Lindbergh Field, is an international airport northwest of Downtown San Diego, California, United States. The San Diego County Regional Airport Authority owns and operates the airport.

Kinetic Art

Kinetic art is depiction of motion in art objects. Kinetic art is a term that today most often refers to three-dimensional sculptures. "Manifesto of Futurism" written by the Italian poet Filippo Tommaso Marinetti and published in 1909 was first document who emphasized the need of speed, changes.

Kinetic art originated in the 20-30s of the XX century. Experiments in creating dynamic plastics are found in futurism, Dadaism, Bauhaus and Russian constructivism.

Björn Koreman

Björn Koreman (born 6 March 1991) is a Dutch long-distance runner competing in the marathon. His trainer is Bram Wassenaar.

Koreman played football for a few months when he was four years old. He switched to playing handball as his sister played handball and his mother was on the board of the handball club. He played at the highest youth level, but stopped while attending high school.
He wasn’t focus on sports and also smoked from the age of 13 until 22. He started training seriously when he was 24 years old. A few years later, when he broke up with his girlfriend in 2018 he started increasing his training sessions and ran 10 weeks in a row 100 kilometers per week. Half a year later he finished seventh at the Dutch National Marathon Championship. Later he finished second in the . In December 2020 he set a time at the Wien Marathon of 2:11.07 reaching the Dutch time limit for the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Since January 2021 he represents the NN Running Team. In March 2021 he broke two ribs in an attempt to catch a shoplifter. He was injured for two months and wasn’t able to qualify for the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics (as multiple runners ran the time limit). At the 2022 Rotterdam Marathon he set a new personal best of 2 hours 10 minutes and 32 seconds and qualified with the time for the marathon event at the 2022 European Championships in München.

List of monarchs of Iran

This list is a list of monarchs of Iran.
Medes and Persia 

Achaemenid Empire 

Parthian Empire 

Sasanian Empire

Safavid Empire 

Afsharid Empire 

Zand Empire

Qajar Empire 

Pahlavi Empire 

Beach Picnic (movie)

Beach Picnic is the animated short film a Donald Duck.

Piet Brand

Piet Brand (30 June 1904 - 20 September 1981) was a Dutch boxer from Rotterdam. He competed in the light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions including under contract in the United States. He fought between 1922 and 1934 and became multiple times national champion.

Brand made his debut on 24 May 1922 in Rotterdam against Moup Van Ploegh and won. During his career he had 74 fights, winning 40 of them (26 losses, 8 draws). 

In March 1926 Brand became national champion in the light heavyweight category after winning met a knock out from Herman van 't Hof. The next year, in April 1927 he defended succesfully his national title in a match against Arie van Vliet after the match was stopped due to medical concertns of the ear of Van Vliet. In 1928 Brand became national light heavyweight champion, after Herman van 't Hof failed to defend the title.

In 1929 Brand signed a contract with American boxing manager Tom O'Rourke for three years. However, Brand was only able to get a visa for half a year. During these six months in the United States he fought in Bronx against Ralph Ficucello and in Philadelphia against Billy Jones, Matt Adgie and Tiger Jack Payne. 

In April 1934 Brand became national champion, after winning from Rienus de Boer. 

Brand was born on 30 June 1904. During his stay in the United States in 1930 he got engaged with Dutch swimmer To de Jel (1906-1992). After having had their reception in October 1930, they married on 29 January 1931. Brand had a thrift shop at the "Jagthuisstraat" in Rotterdam. Brand died on 20 September 1981 at the age of 77. He is burried in Voorburg, together with his wife who died eleven years later in 1992.


It's a Mystery

It's a Mystery is the fifteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on October 24, 1995.

Couldn't Get It Right

Couldn't Get It Right is a 1976 song by British blues rock band Climax Blues Band and is from their eighth album "Gold Plated". It peaked at number 10 in the UK, number 3 in USA, number 8 in Canada and Ireland, number 9 in South Africa and number 29 in New Zealand. It was used in the opening credits to "Bob the Builder" and in an episode of "Fringe".

Michael Bracewell (cricketer)

Michael Gordon Bracewell was born 14 February, 1991 in Masterton. He is a New Zealand cricketer who has played for Otago and Wellington in the Plunket Shield and scored 141 not out in the Super Smash to record the highest Twenty20 score in New Zealand cricket in 2021/22. He is the nephew of John Bracewell and Brendon Bracewell. He is the cousin of Doug Bracewell and comedian Melanie Bracewell.

LAPA Flight 3142

LAPA Flight 3142 was a domestic scheduled passenger flight operated by a Boeing 737-204C registration LV-WRZ. On August 31, 1999, it caused the fourth most serious accident in the history of Argentine aviation. 65 people were killed.

It was to leave from the Jorge Newbery Airport in the city of Buenos Aires at 8:36 p.m. on that day. It was bound for the Ingeniero Taravella Airport in the city of Córdoba. They were carrying 98 passengers and 5 crew members. Due to some inconveniences in engine no. 1, 4 take-off positions were lost while the mechanics checked it and finally it was located at the head of the runway. 

At 8:54 p.m. (local time), during the takeoff operation, the aircraft did not take off and continued its flight beyond the limits of the airport. It crossed the "Avenida Costanera Rafael Obligado" Street. The plane dragged a car that was circulating. It finally collided with road machines, an embankment and a gas regulating plant. The loss of fuel and the gas expelled by the rupture of the plant caused a fire that killed most of the passengers who had survived the crash.
The Argentinean Civil Aviation Accident Investigation Board (JIAAC) established that the "immediate cause" of the accident was the pilot Gustavo Weigel's failure to extend the flaps to increase the aircraft's lift. In addition, the alarm that alerted about the wrong position of the flaps were ignored for 52 seconds. The pilots continued to taxi, and let the aircraft exceed V1 speed or decision speed, which once reached made it impossible to stop the takeoff. 

The report found that there was serious negligence on the part of the captain Gustavo Weigel and first officer Luis Etcheverry, who died in the accident, as well as a series of shortcomings on the part of the airline.



Piedras Negras, Coahuila

Piedras Negras (), is a city and capital of the municipality of the same name in the state of Coahuila de Zaragoza, Mexico, it is located in the most northeastern part of the state and has a metropolitan population of 245,155 inhabitants and borders with the texan city of Eagle Pass and is connected to it through three international bridges.

It was founded by 34 men who would settle on the western side of the Rio Grande on June 15, 1850 as Nueva Villa de Herrera, due to the establishment of Fort Duncan on the US side. in 1880 coal reserves would be discovered and then a railway would be built between 1881 and 83 and on December 1, 1888 it would be elevated to the rank of city and would be renamed Ciudad Porfirio Díaz although after the fall of Díaz in 1911 it would be renamed to his name original.

It would suffer a flood on April 26, 2004 where 31 people would die, and on April 24, 2007 it would be affected by an F4 Tornado where three people would die while seven people would die in Eagle Pass, and between June 14 and 15, 2013, 10,000 houses would flooded due to the rise of the river, where there would only be one fatality.

On October 21 of each year, International Nacho Day is celebrated where a three-day Nacho Fest is celebrated in the United States and Mexico since the 90s where in 1940 Ignacio "Nacho" Anaya García invented the nacho at the Victory Club restaurant In this city.

The Annual Bike Fest is also celebrated where for three consecutive days there are concerts, food sales, acrobatic shows, etc. where it ends with a raffle for a new motorcycle.

This region generates a large amount of the national production of coal, one of the most economically important non-metallic minerals in the state.



Elfen Lied

The series' title is German for "Elves' Song" or more formally "song of the elves" and takes its name from the song "Elfenlied", which is featured in the story. "Elfen Lied" involves themes of discrimination, social alienation, identity, prejudice, revenge, abuse, jealousy, regret, and the value of humanity.

James Drees

James Henry Drees (July 6, 1930 – June 20, 2022) was an American politician. He was born in Manning, Iowa. He was in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1995 to 2001 as a member of the Democratic Party. 

Drees died on June 20, 2022 in Carroll, Iowa at the age of 91.

New York Mills, Minnesota

New York Mills is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,294 at the 2020 census.

Ernane Galvêas

Ernane Galvêas (1 October 1922 – 23 June 2022) was a Brazilian economist and politician. He was president of the Central Bank of Brazil from 1968 to 1974 and again from 1979 to 1980. He was also Minister of the Economy from 1980 to 1985. Galvêas was born in Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, Brazil.

Galvêas died on 23 June 2022 at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from problems caused by throat cancer surgery at the age of 99.

Cachoeiro de Itapemirim

Cachoeiro de Itapemirim () is a city in the south of Espírito Santo, Brazil. The population is about 210,000. 

Kid Icarus (series)

Kid Icarus sometime known in Japan as is the platform video game series developed by Nintendo R&D1 and published by Nintendo.

The player can control Pit, a main character of the series. Every series he's got a power to defeat Palutena.

Myrrh

Myrrh was one of the three gifts brought to the infant Jesus by the Three Wise Men. It is, like frankincense, a gum-resin from a tree.

The question as to why, out of three gifts, the wise men should bring two similar gum-resins, is puzzling. It certainly means they were highly valued at the time.

Myrrh could be added to wine. It has some analgesic properties, and is used in traditional Chinese and Indian remedies.

Exodus 30:23–25 says Moses was to use 500 shekels of liquid myrrh as an ingredient of the sacred anointing oil.

1951 Census of Manipur

The 1951 Census of Manipur was a census held in Manipur, India every ten years.
In the 1951 census, Meitei language (also known as Manipuri language) speakers account for 65.29% of the total population of Manipur. 

Tondabayashi


From Japanese census data,


Chogha Zanbil

Chogha Zanbil () is an ancient site located in Khuzestan Province, Iran. This site was built by the Elam civilization. This place is one of the few ziggurats outside Mesopotamia.


To de Jel

To Brand-de Jel (4 July 1906 - 3 August 1992) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer from Rotterdam. De Jel was a member of the swimming club Onderlinge Dameszwemclub representing the club at national and international competitions.

In 1925 she finished second at the national championships in the 100 metres freestyle. With Onderlinge Dameszwemclub she swam together with Truus Baumeister, Marie Baron and Marie Braun the Dutch national record in the 4x 50m freestyle in July 1926. De Jel was also 3000 metres record holder. With Onderlinge Dameszwemclub she also competed internationally, including in Brussels in 1925, and Duisburg in 1926.

De Jel was born on 4 July 1906. De Jel got engaged in 1930 with professional boxer Piet Brand when he was boxing in the United States. After having had their reception in October 1930, they married on 29 January 1931. De Jel died on 3 August 1992 at the age of 86. She is burried in Voorburg, together with his husband Brand who died 11 years earlier in 1981.


Sphaenorhynchus dorisae

Doris's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus dorisae") is a frog. It lives in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists think it may also live in Bolivia. Scientists have seen it between 50 and 300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26 to 29 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is green with small white and yellow spots. The iris of the eye is bronze in color.

This frog sits on plants in the water. It stays in pools, large lakes, and flooded places. Scientists have seen it near "Pistia" plants. 

HM Prison Manchester

HM Prison Manchester is a high-security men's prison in Manchester, England.

Herman van 't Hof

Herman van 't Hof (19 February 1903 — 25 July 1980) was a Dutch boxer and boxing club owner from Rotterdam. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1921 and 1929. Van 't Hof is the only Dutch professional boxer who became in three different weight classes national champion. In 1926 he was the light heavyweight European champion.

During his career he had 67 fights, winning 52 of them (12 losses, 2 draws). 

Van 't Hof started as an amateur and made his debut on 26 August 1921 in Antwerp against Arthur van Maroey. At his first South Holland Championships he won the title after winning three matches in a row at one evening. As an amateur boxer he won several national titles. 

Van 't Hof became professional in 1921 at the age of 18. In 1922 he became national champion in the lightweight category after winning from Piet Dijksman with a knock-out in the second round. Later he became also national champion in the middleweight category, light heavyweight category and again in the middleweight category. Van 't Hof is the only Dutch boxer ever who became national champion in three different weight classes.

In January 1926 he won the match for the European light heavyweight title against the Swiss Louis Clement. He lost his title later to Fernand Delarge in July 1926 in what was told to be an “easy match”. In winning position he went knock out due to inattention in the 15th round. Van ‘t Hof tried to regain the European title in January 1927 from Delarge, but lost after in the 15th round due to medical indication.

Boxing was banned in the Netherlands after a tragic death of Dirk Romme and his manager Freek Braak became unemployed. Van 't Hof went to England. After a fight against Sid Turner that he didn’t win, the press wrote great stories about him. Sporting Life even compared Van 't Hof to the French world champion, writing the “rebirth of Carpentier” and “the Netherlands is becoming a boxing nation”. He was successful, winning 11 of the 15 fights in 1923 he had 15 fights. It was after his career criticized whether it was responsible and sensible competing in so many heavy fights in such a short period.

He had 16 more fights after he returned, including fighting the legendary German Max Schmeling. His last fight was against Paul Hofman on Christmas Day in 1929 and beating him in the 8th round with a knock out.

After his own career, Van 't Hof started his own boxing gym in 1930 in the attic in West Rotterdam. In 1938 he moved his boxing gym to another place in Rotterdam. He trained among others national champions Dorus Elten and Bram Eversteijn. During the World War II German bombing of Rotterdam in 1940 his gym was destroyed. He continued with giving private lessons. Later he started again a boxing gym inside the clubhouse of “De Toekomst” in Crooswijk. With help from other he got a larger boxing gym furnished with a fixed ring and warm showers. In 1974 the “Herman van 't Hof Rotterdam Boxing Club” was founded and became an appreciated boxing association.

He died in 1980 in the residential and care complex Hoppesteijn; located near the current boxing gym.


Leo Max Frank

Leo Max Frank (April 17, 1884-August 17, 1917) was a Jewish American industrialist. He was superintendent at a pencil factory in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1913, he was accused of the rape and murder of Mary Anne Phagan, an employee at the factory. 

The attorney who prosecuted Frank was Hugh Dorsey. Dorsey was related to Luther Rosser, who was Frank's defense attorney. 

The main prosecution witness against Frank was James Conley. Conley was a janitor. He said that Frank asked him to help cover up the murder. Frank and his defense attorneys said that Conley was the real murderer. Before that there had been other suspects in the murder, including James Gantt, a former employee fired by Frank for theft, Arthur Mullinax, who witnesses said they saw with Mary the night of her alleged murder and Paul Bowen, who was arrested at a hotel because a woman said that she heard him confess to the murder but was released for lack of evidence. 

Frank was convicted of the murder and sentenced to death. Governor John Slaton reduced the sentence to life in prison upon reviewing the evidence. Relatives of Phagan kidnapped Frank from prison and lynched him in 1917. In Atlanta, Frank was president of B'Nai Brith, a quasi-Masonic fraternity for Jews. His case led to the founding of the Anti Defamation League.


Şekerpare (movie)

Şekerpare is a 1983 Turkish comedy movie. It was directed by Atıf Yılmaz.


B'nai B'rith

B'nai B'rith is a social organization for Jews. It was founded in October, 1843. Its founders were Freemasons, and although Freemasonry is a completely separate organization it borrowed its symbols and rituals from Freemasonry.


The Girl with the Red Scarf

The Girl with the Red Scarf () is a 1978 Turkish romantic drama movie directed by Atıf Yılmaz and was based on the short story "The Red Scarf" by Chinghiz Aitmatov. It stars Türkan Şoray, Kadir İnanır, Ahmet Mekin, Hülya Tuğlu, İhsan Yüce, Nurhan Nur, Cengiz Sezici.

Hugh Dorsey

Hugh Manson Dorsey (1871-1948) was a prosecuting attorney, judge and Governor of Georgia. He was famous for his role as the prosecuting attorney in the murder of industrialist Leo Max Frank in 1913.

The Misfortune of Being Ned

The Misfortune of Being Ned is a 2013 American short animation series. It was created by the producers Teen Titans Go! and ThunderCats series Michael Jelenic. It originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States November 5, 2013 to September 11, 2014. This is produced by Williams Street and Turner Studios distributed by Cartoon Network Productions Ned voice of Yeardley Smith

The Fruit of Evolution


Michael Jelenic

Michael C. Jelenic (born May 12, 1977) is an American television writer, producer, and animator. He is best known for co-developing "Teen Titans Go!" alongside Aaron Horvath for Cartoon Network. He and Horvath both wrote the feature movie "Teen Titans Go! To the Movies" (2014) and the both wrote the series Cartoon Network's "The Misfortune of Being Ned" (2013–2014).

Aaron Horvath

Aaron James Horvath (born August 19, 1980) is an American animator, television writer, producer, and director. He is best known for co-developing "Teen Titans Go!" with Michael Jelenic and the creator of "The Misfortune of Being Ned" for Cartoon Network.

Teen Titans Go! To the Movies

Teen Titans Go! To the Movies is a 2014 American animated superhero satire movie where the teen titans go back in time to stop all the superheros from being created so robin can star in his own movie and after finding out the movie director is slade, defeat Slade and life goes back to normal.

It is based on the television series Teen Titans Go!. The television series is based on the DC Comics superhero team of the same name. 
This movie is written and produced by series developers Michael Jelenic and Aaron Horvath. It was directed by series producer Peter Rida Michail and Horvath. The screenplay was made by Luke Cormican. The events of the movie take place during the fifth season of the series. It is the most recent feature movie to date from Warner Bros. Animation to be released outside of Warner Animation Group, and was the first time on Warner Bros. Pictures released a first theatrical feature movie.

Yery

Yery, otherwise referred to as Yeru, Ery, Eru or Y (Ы Ы̇ ы ы̇; italics: "Ы" "Ы̇" "ы" "ы̇") is a letter in the Cyrillic script.
Allenstown, New Hampshire

Allenstown is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Andover, New Hampshire

Andover is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Boscawen, New Hampshire

Boscawen is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Canterbury, New Hampshire

Canterbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Danbury, New Hampshire

Danbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Dunbarton, New Hampshire

Dunbarton is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Epsom, New Hampshire

Epsom is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Henniker, New Hampshire

Henniker is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hill, New Hampshire

Hill is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hooksett, New Hampshire

Hooksett is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Newbury, New Hampshire

Newbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Northfield, New Hampshire

Northfield is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Pembroke, New Hampshire

Pembroke is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Salisbury, New Hampshire

Salisbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sutton, New Hampshire

Sutton is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Wilmot, New Hampshire

Wilmot is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Auburn, New Hampshire

Auburn is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Deerfield, New Hampshire

Deerfield is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

East Kingston, New Hampshire

East Kingston is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Greenland, New Hampshire

Greenland is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hampstead, New Hampshire

Hampstead is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Newington, New Hampshire

Newington is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Northwood, New Hampshire

Northwood is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Plaistow, New Hampshire

Plaistow is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Raymond, New Hampshire

Raymond is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Rye, New Hampshire

Rye is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Seabrook, New Hampshire

Seabrook is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

South Hampton, New Hampshire

South Hampton is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stratham, New Hampshire

Stratham is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Windham, New Hampshire

Windham is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Madbury, New Hampshire

Madbury is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

Middleton, New Hampshire

Middleton is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

Milton, New Hampshire

Milton is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Durham, New Hampshire

New Durham is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

Croydon, New Hampshire

Croydon is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Goshen, New Hampshire

Goshen is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Grantham, New Hampshire

Grantham is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Langdon, New Hampshire

Langdon is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lempster, New Hampshire

Lempster is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Plainfield, New Hampshire

Plainfield is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Washington, New Hampshire

Washington is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Història de la Marina Catalana

The Història de la Marina Catalana (History of the Catalan Navy) is a book written by Arcadi Garcia Sanz. It enumerates all aspects of the Catalan Navy in the trade and in the war, its exploits and conquests, a historic collection ranging from prehistoric times to the present day. 
The book describes the sea battles, the activities of the seamen, to end detailing aspects of maritime law.
Besides explaining the history of the Catalan Navy, the book treats especially the period from the Middle Ages until the 16th century, with the important aspect of the slope of the merchant marine, which made Catalonia one of the trading powers of the Mediterranean.

It is not limited to political events and war at sea. It is immersed in the study of the seamen, the organization of maritime transport, vessels, maritime law and commerce, and the knowledge of the Catalans of all ages, in the navigation's art and in the navigation's science.

Prologue by Jose María Martínez-Hidalgo . Collection. "Aedos Catalan Encyclopedia". (Editorial Aedos, Barcelona 1977), 29.5 cm. 449 p. 15 f. which include appendices and indexes. Profuse illustrations in the text, with 17 sheets enlarged outside the text. 



Tineke de Jongh

Tineke “Tine” de Jongh sometimes written as Tineke de Jong (born 1934 or 1935) was a Dutch athlete, who competed in the long jump and sprint events in the early 1950s. She was a member of athletics club . 

She broke the national junior records in the long jump and in the 4x 50 metres relay and the senior national record in the 10x 100 metres. She competed in the long jump event at the 1950 European Athletics Championships.

De Jongh started with athletics at the end of 1949 with athletics club in Amsterdam. The club had at the time multiple international athletes including Fanny Blankers-Koen.
In June 1950 she broke the junior national record in the long jump, after jumping twice a distance over 5.45 metres.

In early August 1950 she became with Sagitta junior national champion in the 4x 80 metres relay together with Rita Aronson, Catrien de Goede and IJmke Vaal. During these championships they broke twice the Dutch junior national record. In the heats with a time of 40.7 seconds and in the final 0.1 faster in a time of 40.6 seconds.

While improving De Jongh broke her long jump personal record, and so the national junior record to a distance of 5.565 metres. Due to her good results, after not even a year active in athletics, De Jongh was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 1950 European Athletics Championships in Brussels in the long jump event. She was the youngest participant of the Dutch team. With her age of 15 years old, she was too young by the athletics regulations, but was granted a dispensation. To feel comfortable she stayed with family members who lived in Brussels, instead at a family hotel in a suburb of Brussels where the Dutch national team stayed. In the morning of the long jump competition she was very nervous and tried in the morning of the match To try to relax she started playing the piano, but according to herself she was still very nervous. She jumped 5.32 metres, a lot less than her personal best of 5.63 metres, and finished eighth.

In 1951 she ran during a club competition 10.8 in the 80 metres, and competed at the national club championships in the long jump. Her last competition of the season was a battle between Sagitta and Zaanland on 22 September. 

In 1952 she broke with her club Sagitta the national record in the 10x 100 metres relay. Together with Gre de Jongh, Fanny Blankers-Koen, Nel Büch, Sonja van der Stam, Dicky van Dijk, Ina Vervoorn, Rita Huis, Wil Visser and Lieske Kuyper she set a time of 2 minutes and 4.1 second. They were 2.5 seconds faster as old record set 8 years earlier of athletics club Zeeburg.

In 1953 she was missed at the National Club Championships.

De Jongh attended high school in Amsterdam.

The Bible: In the Beginning

The Bible: In the Beginning is a 1966 Italian American epic religious drama movie directed by John Houston (who also stars) and was based on the first 22 chapters of "The Bible". Also starring Michael Parks, Ava Gardner, Peter O'Toole, Richard Harris, George C. Scott, Franco Nero, Stephen Boyd, Ulla Bergryd, Claudie Lange, Anna Orso, Pupella Maggio and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1967.


John Ermine of the Yellowstone

John Ermine of the Yellowstone is a 1917 silent American western movie directed by Francis Ford (who also stars) and was based on the novel of the same name by Frederic Remington. Also starring Mae Gaston, Mark Fenton, Duke Worne, Elsie Van Name and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Hard Promises (movie)

Hard Promises is a 1991 American romantic comedy movie directed by Martin Davidson and starring Sissy Spacek, William Petersen, Jeff Perry, Brian Kerwin, Mare Winningham, Peter MacNicol, Amy Wright. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


The Wiz (movie)

The Wiz is a 1978 American fantasy musical adventure movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1974 musical of the same name by William F. Brown. It stars Michael Jackson, Diana Ross, Richard Pryor, Ted Ross, Nipsey Russell, Lena Horne and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1979.


I, Robot (movie)

I, Robot is a 2004 American German science fiction action movie directed by Alex Proyas and starring Will Smith, Bruce Greenwood, Bridget Moynahan, Shia LaBeouf, James Cromwell, Fiona Hogan, Chi McBride. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2005.


Takaishi, Osaka


From Japanese census data,


Symphony No. 45 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 45 is a symphony that was written in 1772. It is also called the Farewell symphony.

Haydn was working for Prince Nikolaus I, Prince Esterházy when he wrote the symphony. He stayed in Eszterháza, a palace in Hungary. Often, he had to stay there for a long time. The musicians who worked the prince wanted to go home. They wanted to see their families. They asked Haydn to help them. So, Haydn wrote the "Farewell" symphony. In the fourth movement, the musicians blew out a candle and left one by one. In the end, only Haydn and Luigi Tomasini stayed. They played the violin. This was meant to be a message to the prince. The musicians wanted to leave. The prince understood the message. So, they left Eszterháza the next day. 

The symphony is written in the key of F-sharp minor. This symphony is the only symphony to be written in F-sharp minor from the 18th century. The opening of the first movement is written in the "Sturm und Drang" style. The second movement's tempo is adagio. The third movement is a minuet. The fourth movement starts with the tempo of presto. However, in the second half of the movement, the tempo becomes adagio.

John Stocker (voice actor)

John Stocker (born August 13, 1947) is a Canadian voice actor. His career began in the 1970s.


Navarra Television Awards

The Navarra Television Awards are awards given by the Navarra Television media outlet since 2016 to recognize the work of those Navarrese who have stood out for different reasons in the Autonomous Community of Navarra.

The prizes are awarded to sports, social, youth, business values and to the exemplary people.

The Young Values Award is sponsored by Eroski, the Cultural Values Award is sponsored by the Tres Reyes Hotel in Pamplona, the Social Values Award is sponsored by Banco Santander, the Sports Values Award is sponsored by Urzante, the Business Values Award is sponsored by CaixaBank and the exemplary town award is sponsored by the Government of Navarra .

The Navarra Television Awards are born from the initiative of Carlos Ciriza, a Navarrese sculptor, who, supported by Navarra Television, decides to start some awards that bear the name of the communication medium.

Approximately three months before the gala, a web form is opened where viewers submit their proposals. It is then a team from Navarra Television who selects the three people finally nominated who will compete for the award. From then on, a web form is opened where viewers can vote for their favorites, and on the day of the gala the winner is announced, who is the one who has received the most votes.

The gala is organized as follows: it is organized in the afternoon of any given day, and in it, a trophy designed by Carlos Ciriza is presented to the winner of the award. To do this, each category is awarded at different times, separated from each other by performances by Navarran and national artists, and each award is announced by two journalists from Navarra (not necessarily from Navarra Television) by opening an envelope at the time. Moments before, a video made with each of the candidates is shown, and the winner receives the trophy from the sponsors of the value itself.

In the 1st edition of the winners, which was held on November 24, 2016 at the Palacio de Congresos y Auditorio de Navarra (Baluarte) in Pamplona, ​​the winners were the doctor Jesús Alfaro, Adriana and Beatriz de Bodegas Ochoa, the company Code Matrix , the Navarre Paralympics and the town of Milagro (Navarra)

In the II edition, also celebrated in Baluarte, the winners were Iñaki Redín, Isabel Villanueva, Carlota Ciganda, the company Postres Ultzama and the town of Ochagavía .

In the IV edition, the winners were Natalia Lacunza in young values (against Vanessa Garde and Mario Cornago), Mai Garde (against Alberto Undiano Mallenco and Juan Peralta Gascon ) in the sports values category, the Association of Family Members of Enfermos de Alzheimer de Navarra (against 'Los de Bronce' and the IES Plaza de La Cruz) in the category of social values, the Association for the Development of the Navarra Family Business (against Ana Monreal ) in the category of business values, The Pamplonesa (compared to the 'Flamenco on fire' festival and Alfredo Sanzol ) in the category of cultural values and Tafalla (compared to Roncesvalles and Legarda ) as an exemplary town. The gala was attended by the President of the Government of Navarra, María Chivite. Ruth Lorenzo, the magician Miguel de Lucas, the duo Bruno and Lorena Jiménez or the monologist Aroa Berrozpe, participated in this gala.

In the V edition, the capacity had to be limited due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and only the nominees for the award could attend. The gala featured high-level artists such as Javier Erro (a contestant on La voz (Spain) in 2018) and musical performances by Cepeda, Carlos Right, as well as Serafín Zubiri from Navarra.

In the VI edition, an Honorary Award for Social Values was given to journalist David Beriain, for his work as a journalist. The winners were STI Norland in business values (against Grupo Apex and Falcón Electrónica), Raduan Hamdai (against Carlos González and Nicolás Atanes) in the category of young values, Beatriz Zudaire (against Asier Martínez and Iñaki Narros) in the category sporting values, Juan Larreta (against Ayuda Contenedores and Pamplona Hotels) in the category of social values, the discovery and investigation of the 'Loizu Man' (against Maite Beaumont and La Kukula) in cultural values and Unzué (against Valcarlos, Cintruénigo) as an exemplary town. The gala featured the singer Nerea Rodríguez, the magician Miguel de Lucas, the singer Anne Lukin and Los Tenampas, the Navarrese monologist Aroa Berrozpe, and the Orfeón Pamplonés with the song "Por Esto Cantamos Juntos". Counselor Elma Saiz attended the event on behalf of María Chivite .


Navarra Television

Navarra Television is a channel of the regional television of Navarra, which broadcasts general content but especially news from the Foral de Navarra.

It was founded after the merger of two autonomous Digital Terrestrial Television channels in the area of the Autonomous Community of Navarra .

It began its regular broadcasts on May 14, 2012 on DTT. Its programming has information as one of its basic axes, not only at regional level, but also at national and international level.

This channel was born after the merger of Canal 6 Navarra and Popular Television, in the search of a regional channel after the end of the also a private channel Canal 4 Navarra.
Thanks to this merger, they have access to all the money offered by the Government of Navarra as aid for regional television channels that broadcast in its territory. This change was announced just a few weeks before the merger. In this new stage, content worthy of a regional channel and information in Basque will be promoted thanks to a team made up of professionals from Canal 6 Navarra, Canal 4 Navarra and Popular TV Navarra. Said change becomes effective at 2:00 p.m. on Monday, May 14, 2012, when the logo of Canal 6 Navarra disappears for that of the new Navarra Television.

On January 20, 2021, they got a large grant of 1.3 million euros from the Government of Navarra.

Since its launch, Navarra Television broadcasts through two channels:

It broadcasts in high definition.

Its programming is similar for the entire Community. It is based on current news, on entertainment magazines of its own production, etc.

Its programs are:


This is broadcast in Spanish and Basque. Emission of plenary sessions and commissions of the Parliament of Navarra, Senate and Congress of Deputies. Programming in Basque: "Mugi Zaitez" with Íñigo Ciganda, stories of entrepreneurs in Navarra and all the job offers in the Autonomous Community and "Nafarroako Albisteak" with Oihane Garzáron, the latest news of the week on Saturday at 2:00 p.m.

Since 2016, Navarra Television has also handed out awards that bear its name. It aims to recognize the work of outstanding people in the Navarre Foral Community.


Diario 16

Diario 16 (digital newspaper) is a Spanish digital newspaper, published daily, that was reborn at the end of 2015 after having closed its rotary press in 2001. Despite having a different editorial team, the header is the same as in its old written edition, but with a new and different slogan: ""The newspaper of the Second Transition"". María José Pintor Sánchez-Ocaña and Cristina Fallarás were the directors. José Antonio Gómez is the current director.

In addition to the daily digital publication, the header also publishes a monthly magazine with the same name.

The head of the newspaper passed from Grupo Voz to Multimedia Ediciones Globales, SL, of Grupo EIG (Energy & Information Group), at some point between 2001 and 2015. MEG, SL is chaired by Manuel Domínguez Moreno, and its staff is made up of former editors of the magazine Cambio 16 . 


David Newman

David Louis Newman (born March 11, 1954) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, composer and conductor. He is known for his movie scores. In his career more than thirty years, he has composed music for nearly 100 feature movies. 

Newman stated composers like Alfred Newman, John Williams, Elmer Bernstein, Maurice Jarre, Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Leonard Bernstein, Dave Grusin, Alan Menken, Bruce Broughton, Lalo Schifrin, John Barry, Howard Shore, Irwin Kostal, Basil Poledouris, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Randy Newman, Michael Kamen, Ennio Morricone, George Gershwin, Duke Ellington, Mark Mothersbaugh, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill and Buddy Baker as Influences

He received an Academy Award nomination for writing the score to the 1997 movie "Anastasia".

He was an cousin of Randy Newman.

Oingo Boingo

Oingo Boingo () was an American new wave band. It was formed by songwriter Danny Elfman in 1979. The band was created from a surrealist musical theatre group, The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo. Elfman had led and written material for that group for years before creating Oingo Boingo. Their highest charting song, "Weird Science", reached No. 45 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Oingo Boingo were known for their high energy concerts and experimental music. Their music can be described as mixing rock, ska, pop, and world music. The band made music over 17 years. They used many different genres and had many line-up changes. Their best-known songs include "Only a Lad", "Little Girls", "Dead Man's Party" and "Weird Science".

Compound document

In computing, a compound document combines different other documents of different formats or types. Very often, this is done using a text processing software. For example, a document may contain images, or audio, as well as text. Technically there are different ways to do this; two common ones are linking and embedding. As an example, a Wikipedia page with an image is also a compound document.

Selbach

Selbach was a great Scottish king who ruled Dál Riata from 700 to 723, when he retired to become a monk. He is well recorded, and defeated Beli II, the king of Strathclyde, at Lorg Ecclet. He also fought Ainbcellach, his brother and contestant for the throne, at Finnglen in 719, and was victorious. However, then he was defeated by Dúnchad Bec (Duncan the Small, a ruler from Kintyre), another rival, the same year. Selbach died in 730, three years after fighting his son's great enemy Eochaid mac Echdach.

Indo-Iranian peoples

Indo-Iranian peoples or Indo-Iranic peoples, is the name given to the group that covers Iranic peoples, Indo-Aryans and Nuristanis today. In the historical sense, it is the group that defined itself as Aryan and eventually split into Iranians, Indo-Aryans and Nuristanis. They spoke the Indo-Iranian branch of Indo-European languages. 

Brainstorming

To brainstorm is to think about and try to come up with ideas or solutions to a problem, either on your own or in a group.

Angus Buidnech

Angus Buidnech (maybe spelled Aonghas, please check this article if you can read this language) was a legendary king of Dál Riata accounted for by the "Senchus fer n-Alban", which says he was the son of Fedelmid mac Senchormac.

He may have ruled from around 360 to 405, when he died. He was the great-great-great-grandfather of the royal hero Fergus Mór. Angus probably waged war against Pictish kings Gartnait II (360-387) and Talorc I (387-405), and was said by some to be the first Scot born in Scotland. It is unknown what his epithet, "Buidnech", meant, but it is known that "Buí" is Irish for "yellow", maybe referring to this king's hair colour. Angus is remembered by George Buchanan in 1588 with the words "A good king who was slain by the Picts". Buchanan also said he succeeded his uncle, not his father, as most traditions say.

Rozina Cambos

Rozina Cambos (; 17 December 1951 – 4 December 2012) was a Romanian-born Israeli actress. After emigrating to Israel from Romania in 1983, she rose to prominence as a stage actress at the Habima Theatre and the Cameri Theatre. She also starred in several movies such as the 2010 film "The Human Resources Manager".

Cambos died of leukaemia on 4 December 2012, aged 60.

Turan Depression

The Turan Depression, Turan Lowland or Turanian Basin is a low-lying desert basin region stretching from southern Turkmenistan through Uzbekistan to Kazakhstan. The lowland region lies to the east of the Caspian Sea and southeast of the Aral Sea in the vast Aral–Caspian Depression. Some of it is above sea level. It is one of the largest expanses of sand in the world, covering an area of around 3 million km. On average, the region receives less than 15 inches (381mm) of rainfall per year. The Karakum desert lies at the southern portion of the Turan Lowlands.

About 80% of it is desert or desert-like. In the south there are rivers, and oases. Cotton and different kinds of wheat are grown there. In the desert-like areas, there are only small bushes, and camels and goats live there. There are a number of rivers. The most important of these are the Amu Darya and the Syr Darya. Both flow into Aral Sea. The Amu Darya River runs in a southeast–north-westerly direction through the lowlands. It used to flow into the South Aral Sea, currently it dries up in a desert called Aralkum. Syr Darya flows into North Aral Sea. 

The three most important cities are Daşoguz in Turkmenistan, and Nukus and Urgench in Uzbekistan. Vpadina Akchanaya in Turkmenistan is 267 feet (81 meters) below sea level.

Eochaid Cairbre

Eochaid Cairbre, which can be translated into English as Haughey the Charioteer, was a legendary king of Scotland who ruled from probably 165 to 186. He was the son of the High King of Ireland Conaire Cóem and Queen Saraid, as well as brother of a king of Munster, where he used to live. According to one source, he was killed by a court musician and was buried in Ulster. Eochaid was possibly given Dál Riata when his brother received Munster.

North Aral Sea

The North Aral Sea is the northern part of the Aral Sea. It is also called little Aral Sea. It split form the rest in 1987 and 1988. The southern part of the Aral Sea was called South Aral Sea. North Aral Sea is mainly fed by Syr Darya. There is a dam, called Dike Kokaral, which separates it from the rest of the Aral Sea. The dam had a poor design, but in 2005, the government of Kazakhstan could improve it. Since then the water levels of the lake have risen.

Finn Døssing

Finn Døssing Jensen (27 April 1941 – 24 June 2022) was a Danish footballer. He played as a centre forward. He began his career with Viborg FF. He played for the Denmark under-21 team in 1963. 

Døssing died on 24 June 2022, aged 81.

Artie Kane

Artie Kane (born Aaron Cohen; April 14, 1929 – June 21, 2022) was an American pianist, movie score composer, and conductor. In 1976, he was nominated for a Grammy Award. During his career, he conducted on over 60 movie scores for MGM, Disney, Universal, Fox, Warner Brothers, Sony, and Paramount. His career lasted from 1944 until 2004.

Kane died on June 21, 2022 at his home in Whidbey Island, Washington at the age of 93.

Alexander Jefferson

Alexander Jefferson (November 15, 1921 – June 22, 2022) was an American Air Force officer. He was known as one of the Tuskegee Airmen, the 332nd Fighter Group. He was in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.

Jefferson died on June 22, 2022 in Detroit at the age of 100.

South Aral Sea

South Aral Sea was the name for the southern part of the Aral Sea. Because of diverting water for irrigation starting in the 1960s, the Aral Sea began to dry up. In the 1980s, a dam was built, splitting it into a small North Aral Sea, and the large southern part. In the 2000s, the souhern part split into a western and eastern half, but has mostly dried up. The desert that grew from it is called Aralkum today.

The West Aral Sea is expected to stabilize at , a mean depth of , and a maximum depth of , assuming groundwater discharge at the rate of per year. The Eastern Sea dried up completely in the summer of 2009, apart from the small permanent Barsakelmes Lake (between the Northern and Western seas), but it received some water from snow melt in the spring of 2010. It is expected to alternate between complete desiccation in the summers and the occasional flood from the Amu Darya or spillover from the dam holding back the North Aral Sea, though a second dike, begun in 2010, may reduce the incidence of the latter.

In 2015, the Western Sea was starting to split into two, as the channel that connects the central part of the sea and the small North-Eastern part was growing skinnier. (This can be seen on the 2014 picture.) Since 2018, the split has been complete.

Zhang Sizhi

Zhang Sizhi (; 12 November 1927 – 24 June 2022) was an Chinese human rights lawyer. He was a professor at Central University of Finance and Economics. He was known for defending many of the protesters involved in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.

Zhang died from an illness in Beijing, China on 24 June 2022 at the age of 94.

Fatikh Sibagatullin

Fatikh Saubanovich Sibagatullin (; ; 1 May 1950 – 24 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of United Russia. He was in the State Duma from 2007 to 2021. Sibagatullin was born in Tatar ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Sibagatullin died at a hospital in Moscow, Russia from cardiac arrest on 24 June 2022 at the age of 72.

Gianpaolo Bissi

Gianpaolo Bissi (2 May 1941 – 23 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1987 to 1992. Bissi was born in Teglio, Italy.

Bissi died in Teglio on 23 June 2022 at the age of 81.

Teglio

Teglio ("Téi" in Valtellinese dialect) is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about northeast of Milan.

Ernst Jacobi

Ernst Gerhard Ludwig Jacobi-Scherbening (11 July 1933 – 23 June 2022) was a German actor. He acted in the 1979 movie "The Tin Drum" and was the narrator in "The White Ribbon". His started acting in Berlin, Germany in 1957. He retired in 2009.

Jacobi died on 23 June 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 88.

Source:



Stien Kaiser

Christina Wilhelmina "Stein" Baas-Kaiser (20 May 1938 – 23 June 2022) was a Dutch speed skater. She was born in Delft, Netherlands. She won a gold and silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Kaiser also won two bronze medals at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Kaiser died on 23 June 2022 at the age of 84.

Dickon Mitchell

Dickon Amiss Thomas Mitchell (born 8 October 1978) is a Grenadian politician and lawyer. He is the Prime Minister of Grenada since 24 June 2022. He is also the leader of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) since 2021. He led his party to victory in the 2022 general election.

New York State Rifle &amp; Pistol Association, Inc. v. Bruen

New York State Rifle & Pistol Association, Inc. v. Bruen, 597 U.S. ___ (2022) , abbreviated NYSRPA v. Bruen, also known as NYSRPA II or Bruen (to distinguish it from the 2020 case), is a landmark decision of the United States Supreme Court about the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution. 

In a 6–3 decision, the majority ruled that individuals can carry concealed guns in public in June 2022.

Thiomargarita magnifica

Thiomargarita magnifica is a species of sulfur-oxidizing gammaproteobacteria. It is found growing underwater on the leaves of red mangroves from Guadeloupe archipelago in Lesser Antilles. This bacterium is the largest known bacterium, with an average length of 10 mm and some reaching 20 mm. The bacterium was found in February 2022. 

2022 Oslo shootings

On 25 June 2022, two people were killed and 21 more injured in a mass shooting at three places in Oslo, Norway. The shootings are believed to have target Oslo Pride, the local LGBT pride parade. The police is investigating the shootings as an act of Islamic terrorism. A 42-year old naturalised Iranian immigrant was arrested. He has been charged with murder, attempted murder and terrorism.

Zero She Flies

Zero She Flies is the third album by the folk singer Al Stewart. It was released in 1970. It is the first of Stewart’s albums that has a song about history. The song is called "Manuscript". It is about the things that started World War I, like the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.

All tracks composed by Al Stewart; except where indicated.



Zeko Burgess

Zeko Burgess is a cricketer from Bermuda. In August 2019, Burgess started to play on Bermuda's team for the Regional Finals of the 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier tournament. In November 2019, he played on Bermuda's team for the Cricket World Cup Challenge League B tournament. This happened in Oman. Burgess went into List A for Bermuda on 6 December 2019. He played against Uganda.

The Black Phone

The Black Phone is a 2021 American supernatural horror movie. It was directed by Scott Derrickson. The movie was written by Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill. It is based on the 2004 short story of the same name by Joe Hill. The movie stars Mason Thames, Madeleine McGraw, Jeremy Davies, James Ransone and Ethan Hawke. The movie is about a kidnapped teenager (Thames) and how he uses a mysterious telephone to talk with the dead victims of his kidnapper "The Grabber" (Hawke).

The movie was released by Universal Pictures in the United States on June 24, 2022. It had many positive reviews from critics.

Zatheria

Cladotheria (also called Zatheria) is a clade of mammals—that means a group of mammals who all evolved from the same ancient creature. Cladotheria has marsupials, placentals, and some kinds of extinct animals like dryolestoids, amphitheriids and peramurids. This clade was named in 1975 by Malcolm McKenna. In 2002, scientists called it a node-based taxon that had "the common ancestor of dryolestids and living therians, plus all its descendants". A different definition was written in 2013. Then scientists said that Cladotheria has all groups of mammals that are more like a house mouse than they are like the animal Spalacotherium tricuspidens.

Joe Hill (writer)

Joseph Hillström King (born June 4, 1972), pen name Joe Hill, is an American writer. He wrote the novels "Heart-Shaped Box" (2007), "Horns" (2010), "NOS4A2" (2013), and "The Fireman" (2016). He also wrote the short story collections "20th Century Ghosts" (2005) and "Strange Weather" (2017); and the comic book series "Locke & Key" (2008–2013). 

King is the son of authors Tabitha and Stephen King.

Youngblood (5 Seconds of Summer song)

"Youngblood" is a song by the pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer. It was written by Calum Hood, Ali Tamposi, Andrew Watt, Ashton Irwin, and Luke Hemmings. Andrew Watt and Louis Bell helped make it. The song was put out by Capitol Records on 12 April 2018. It was the second single from the band’s third album, which was also called "Youngblood.

Year of the Cat

Year of the Cat is the seventh album by Al Stewart. It was released in 1976. It was made and engineered by Alan Parsons. The song “Year of the Cat", which was also written by Peter Wood, was so popular that it helped sell the album. AllMusic said that song was "one of those 'mysterious woman' songs". The album was a top five hit in the United States. Another song from the album was "On the Border". A third song was “Lord Grenville". That song was about a sailor and explorer named Sir Richard Grenville.

All tracks composed by Al Stewart, except where indicated.

Side 1

Side 2



X Offender

"X Offender" is the first song to be released by the American band Blondie. It was written by Gary Valentine and Debbie Harry for the band's first album, also called Blondie. The song was released as the album's lead single in June 1976.

Wolfgang (wrestler)

Barry Young was born 3 December 1986. He is a Scottish professional wrestler. His “wrestler name” is Wolfgang. He lives in Ayr, Scotland. Wolfgang is a Wrestling Coach at GPWA Glasgow Asylum. He also used to be an NXT UK Tag Team Champion.

Vuillafans

Vuillafans is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Adventure Time: Fionna and Cake

Adventure Time: Fionna and Cake is an upcoming American animated streaming television series. It is a spin off of the Cartoon Network series "Adventure Time", which was created by Pendleton Ward. It is the third series in the franchise. It will be released via HBO Max and is about Fionna the Human and Cake the Cat, which are female versions of Finn the Human and Jake the Dog. It will have ten half-hour episodes.

Quasi-state

A quasi-state or state-like entity is a political entity that does not represent a fully autonomous sovereign state.

Amos Guttman

Amos Guttman (; 10 May 1954 – 16 February 1993) was a Romanian-born Israeli film director. He emigrated to Israel with his family, aged seven. He later became a successful film director. Being an openly gay man, he directed films in relation to his own personal life, such as "Bar 51", "Drifting" and "Amazing Grace". He was considered to be a pioneer of LGBT film in Israel.

Guttman died of AIDS on 16 February 1993, aged 38.

2022 Monkeypox outbreak in the United States

The 2022 Monkeypox outbreak in the United States is part of the bigger outbreak of human Monkeypox caused by the Monkeypox virus.

Based from the CDC map of the United States. This data is updated by the CDC Mondays-Fridays.


Sphaenorhynchus bromelicola

Bahia lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus bromelicola") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Thomas Mifflin

Thomas Mifflin (January 10, 1744 – January 20, 1800) was an American merchant, soldier, and politician from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Early in the Revolutionary War, Mifflin left the Continental Congress to serve in the Continental Army. He was made a major, then became an "aide-de-camp" of George Washington.

On August 14, 1775, Washington appointed him to become the army's first quartermaster general, under order of Congress. Even though he preferred to be on the front line, people said he was good at his job. Because he failed to properly supply Washington and the troops at Valley Forge, questions were raised. People said he had warehoused and sold supplies, instead of bringing them to Washington and his troops. After a talk with Washington, Mifflin asked to be relieved as quartermaster general but was persuaded to resume those duties because Congress did not find a replacement.

Mifflin's leadership in the Battle of Trenton and the Battle of Princeton led to a promotion to major general. In Congress, there was debate regarding whether a national army was more efficient or whether the individual states should maintain their own forces. As a result of this debate the Congressional Board of War was created, on which Mifflin served from 1777 to 1778. He then rejoined the army but took little active role, following criticism of his service as quartermaster general. He was accused of embezzlement and welcomed an inquiry; however, one never took place. He resigned his commission, but Congress continued to ask his advice even after accepting his resignation.
Although Mifflin's family had been Quakers for four generations, he was expelled from the Religious Society of Friends when he joined the Continental Army, because his involvement with the military contradicted that faith's pacifistic doctrines. Mifflin became a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1768 and served for two years as its secretary. He served from 1773 to 1791 as a trustee of the College and Academy of Philadelphia (now the University of Pennsylvania), including two years as treasurer (1773–1775).


Daryl Mitchell (New Zealand cricketer)

Daryl Joseph Mitchell (born 20 May 1991) is a New Zealand cricketer who represents Canterbury in domestic cricket, and plays for the national team. He is the son of New Zealand rugby union coach and former player John Mitchell.

Daryl made his debut for Northern Districts in 2011-12. Initially he started as a batsman but later he became an all-rounder. He is also known for his excellent fielding. In 2022, Mitchell participated in 2022 Indian Premier League tournament and was a part of Rajasthan Royals team. 

Love Chronicles

Love Chronicles is the second album by Al Stewart. It was released in September 1969 and was his first album released in the United States.

All tracks composed and arranged by Al Stewart



Bonus tracks

Fred Wilt

Frederick Loren Wilt (December 14, 1920 – September 5, 1994) was an American Olympic athlete and Federal Bureau of Investigation agent.

Bösel

Bösel is a municipality in the district of Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.


Cappeln

Cappeln is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 7 km southeast of Cloppenburg.

Cappeln has the following rural communities:


Emstek

Emstek is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 8 km east of Cloppenburg.

Dixie, Louisiana

Dixie is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

The Verve Pipe

The Verve Pipe is a American rock band formed in 1992.


Harry Gration

Harry Gration, MBE, DL (22 October 1950 – 24 June 2022) was an English journalist and broadcaster. He was one of the main anchors for the BBC Yorkshire programme "Look North".

Gration died suddenly on 24 June 2022, at the age of 71.


Linda Coffee

Linda Nellene Coffee (born December 25, 1942) is an American attorney and pro-choice activist. She is from Dallas, Texas. Coffee argued "Roe v. Wade" before the United States Supreme Court along with Sarah Weddington . She argued for abortion and why it should be legal in the United States. Coffee was a member of the Women's Equity Action League.

Poolesville, Maryland

Poolesville is a town in western Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. 5,742 people lived there at the 2020 United States Census.

Donda West

Donda C. West (née Williams; July 12, 1949 – November 10, 2007) was an American academic. She was a professor and chair of Chicago State University's Communications, Media and Theater. She was the mother of rapper Ye, better known as Kanye West.

West was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma however spent most of her life in Chicago, Illinois. 

She began her teaching career in the early 1970s at Morris Brown College in Atlanta and began working at Chicago State University in 1980. West taught English at Nanjing University for a year as a scholar through the Fulbright U.S. Scholar Program. 

On November 10, 2007, West died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack caused by plastic surgery-related problems and coronary artery disease at age 58. After her death, an investigation showed the surgeon who gave her the surgery had a history of alcohol offenses and had two major medical legal issues.

After her death, California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed the "Donda West Law" in 2009, that makes it mandatory for patients to receive medical clearance through a physical examination before going through elective cosmetic surgery.

Kanye also named his tenth studio album, released in 2021, "Donda", after his mother. Kanye donated student tickets to Chicago State University, the university where Donda worked at, for the listening session of the album.

2024 Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election

The Next Liberal Democratic Party leadership election can be held in 2024 to elect the next President of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan. The winner of the election is expected to lead the party in the upcoming .

Spritz Veneziano

Spritz Veneziano is an Italian low-alcohol cocktail. It consists of prosecco, bitters and soda water. It often served as aperitif. Spritz is considered one of the most popular alcohol cocktails. 

The birthplace of Spritz is Venice. 

Rule, Britannia!

"Rule, Britannia!" is a British patriotic song. The text comes from a poem by James Thomson. The music was written by Thomas Arne. It was originally the final movement of Arne's play, "Alfred".

This version is taken from . It includes the full text of "Alfred".
<poem>
When Britain first, at Heaven's command
Arose from out the azure main;
This was the charter of the land,
And guardian angels sang this strain:
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

The nations, not so blest as thee,
Must, in their turns, to tyrants fall;
While thou shalt flourish great and free,
The dread and envy of them all.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

Still more majestic shalt thou rise,
More dreadful, from each foreign stroke;
As the loud blast that tears the skies,
Serves but to root thy native oak.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

Thee haughty tyrants ne'er shall tame:
All their attempts to bend thee down,
Will but arouse thy generous flame;
But work their woe, and thy renown.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

To thee belongs the rural reign;
Thy cities shall with commerce shine:
All thine shall be the subject main,
And every shore it circles thine.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

The Muses, still with freedom found,
Shall to thy happy coast repair;
Blest Isle! With matchless beauty crown'd,
And manly hearts to guard the fair.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."
</poem>

Christiaan Petit

Christiaan Simon Petit was a Belgian born, Dutch long-distance runner.

In 1934 and 1936 he won the Singelloop Utrecht. The time in 1936 was with 13 minutes and 42 seconds a new Dutch national record over 2 miles.

In July 1934 he ran the 3000 metres in Antwerp below the national record, but because there was not an official time keeping it wasn’t registered as an official Dutch record.

In August 1934 he became national champion in the 5000 metres.
Due to this performance he was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 1934 European Athletics Championships in Turin in the 5000 metres event. He didn’t finish the race at the championships, due to flank pain in the fifth lap.

Petit was born on 26 October 1912 in Liege, Belgium. His mother Mathilde Philomène Bol was from Heerlen and his father Eduard Etienne Petit was from Oudenbosch. He married to Maria Luise Bertha Kupka on 22 December 1938. He died on 26 December 1984 in Heerlen af the age of 72.

Waigali language

Waigali is a Nuristani language spoken in Nuristan Province, Afghanistan. It is spoken by the Waigal people who are Nuristani. It is also spoken in Chitral District due to the War in Afghanistan.

Hindi in Pakistan

Pakistani Hindi is a variety of Hindi nearly extinct. It is spoken by some Hindu communities in Pakistan. Most Pakistani Hindus are now speaking Sindhi Bhil.

Sphaenorhynchus palustris

The Linhares lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus palustris") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Begoña Gómez

María Begoña Gómez Fernández (Bilbao, 1975)is a Spanish politician, She is the wife of the Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez wife. Although there is no official position of First Lady in Spain, she acts as First Lady informally.

On March 14, 2020, Gomez tested positive for COVID-19. 

She has been accused of having political positions without a university degree.

The Black Stallion (movie)

The Black Stallion is a 1979 adventure movie directed by Carroll Ballard. It is based on the children's book "The Black Stallion" by Walter Farley. It is about the friendship of the boy Alec Ramsey and an Arabian horse. The movie stars Kelly Reno, Teri Garr, Hoyt Axton, Mickey Rooney, and the Arabian horse Cass Ole. Francis Ford Coppola was one of the producers, and his father, Carmine Coppola composed the music.

It is the summer of the year 1946. Alec Ramsey is on a ship with his father off the coast of North Africa. Alec discovers a black stallion on the ship. It is tied to ropes and upset. Alec feeds the hourse sugar. The owner rebukes him. Later Alec's father shows him the things he won from a card game. Two items are a pocket kife and a small statue of Bucephalus. Bucephalus was the horse of Alexander the Great. 

The ship catches fire and begins to sink. Alec cuts the horse loose and falls into the water. The horse rescues Alec from drowning. The two are the only ones to survive. They get lost on a desert island. The horse saves Alec from a snake. The two slowly get closer together. Eventually, the boy rides the horse. A fishing ship rescues the two. 

Alec is back home, and there is a ceremony for him. His horse stays in the backyard until it runs away. Alec looks for the horse everywhere and meets Snoe (and Napoleon). Snoe tells him where Black might be. This leads Alec to the barn of Henry Dailey. Henry found the horse and is a retired racehorse jockey. Henry and Alec become friends and decide to have the horse race. One night, Henry secretly has someone from the racing industry watch the horse run. The news spreads about how fast this new "mystery horse" is. Alec wants to race. His mother gives in after protesting. Alec joins a race against the top two jockeys in the country. He is behind in the beginning, but catches up and wins. He has memories of riding on the island. 

The movie had good reviews from critics. It has a 90% on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was nominated two Academy Awards in Best Actor in a Supporting Role and Best Film Editing. At the Golden Globe Awards, Carmine Coppola was nominated for Best Original Score. The movie was ranked #64 on the American Film Institute list Cheers. The film is part of the National Film Registry, because it is considered culturally significant.



Antonio Montero Moreno

Antonio Montero Moreno (28 August 1928 – 16 June 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. Montero Moreno was born in Churriana de la Vega and was ordained to the priesthood in 1951. He served as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seville and was titular bishop of Regiana from 1969 to 1980

Moreno died on 16 June 2022 in Cádiz, Spain at the age of 93.

Munji people

The Munji are a tribal group formerly based in Badakhshan province of Afghanistan. They number around 7,800. Now they are based in Chitral District. They are mostly Shia Muslims. They speak the Munji language.

Pulmapilt

Pulmapilt is a 1980 Estonian science fiction movie directed by Raul Tammet and starring Rein Aren, Lembit Ulfsak. It was distributed by Mosfilm.


Abortion in Canada

Abortion in Canada is legal at all stages of pregnancy, regardless of the reason. It is publicly funded as a medical procedure under the combined effects of the federal Canada Health Act and provincial health-care systems. However, access to services and resources varies by region. While some non-legal barriers to access still exist, Canada is the only nation with absolutely no criminal restrictions on abortion. Nevertheless, no providers in Canada offer abortion care beyond 23 weeks and 6 days as outlined by provincial regulatory authorities for physicians.

In Canada, abortion was formally banned in 1869. It would remain illegal for the next 100 years. In 1969, the "Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1968–69" legalized therapeutic abortions, as long as a committee of doctors certified that continuing the pregnancy would likely endanger the woman's life or health. In 1988, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in "R. v. Morgentaler" that the existing law was unconstitutional, and struck down the 1969 Act. The ruling found that the 1969 abortion law violated a woman's right to “life, liberty and security of the person” guaranteed under Section 7 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms established in 1982.

In Canada, all surgical abortions are performed by a physician, with nurse practitioners, pharmacists and midwives able to provide medications for non-invasive medical abortions within nine weeks (63 days) of gestation. Canada has had a relatively stable abortion rate since decriminalization; the rate of recorded abortion per 1000 women of childbearing age (15-44) was 10.2 in 1974, rising to 16.4 abortions per thousand women in 1997, and declining to 10.1 abortions per 1000 women in 2020. However, these rates of abortion only reflect the number of abortions reported by abortion clinics and hospitals. They do not account for unreported abortions in these setting or count abortions induced by prescription drugs such as mifepristone and misoprostol taken at home, and so these official rates of abortion undercount the true rate of abortion. Nevertheless, Canada has a low abortion rate overall compared to other countries,


Pop Smear

Pop Smear is the debut studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on December 9, 1993.

Todd Astle

Todd Duncan Astle was born 24 September, 1986 in Palmerston North. He is a New Zealand cricketer who played 5 tests, 9 one-day internationals and 5 twenty20 internationals. He is the son of Alec Astle and is not related to Nathan Astle.
On 16 February 2023, at the age of 36, Astle announced his retirement from international cricket through an instagram post.

Rex Austin

William Rex Austin (23 May 1931 – 23 June 2022) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party. He was born in Riverton, New Zealand. Austin was a member of the New Zealand Parliament between 1975 to 1987. 

Austin died on 23 June 2022 in Invercargill, New Zealand at the age of 91.

Javier Cárdenas (footballer)

Javier Cárdenas Martínez (8 December 1952 – 25 June 2022) was a Mexican football midfielder. He played for Mexico in the 1978 FIFA World Cup and from 1975 until 1979. He also played for Deportivo Toluca. Cárdenas was born in Mexico City.

Cárdenas died on 25 June 2022 at the age of 69.

Russell Watt

James Russell Watt (29 December 1935 – 25 June 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the All Blacks, between 1957 and 1962. He played 42 matches for the All Blacks including nine international.

Watt died on 25 June 2022 in Silverstream, New Zealand at the age of 86.

2021–22 Los Angeles Lakers season

The 2021–22 Los Angeles Lakers season was the 75th season of the team. It was the 74th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA).


Thue Christiansen

Thue Christiansen (25 February 1940 – 26 June 2022) was a Greenlandic teacher, visual artist, and politician. Christiansen was best known as the designer of the current flag of Greenland. Christiansen was elected to the Inatsisartut (Parliament of Greenland) for Siumut in 1979. He was the Greenlandic Minister of Culture and Education from 1979 until 1983.

Christiansen died on 26 June 2022, at his home in Hals, Denmark, at the age of 82. 

Shareef O’Neal

Shareef Rashaun O'Neal (born January 11, 2000) is an American basketball player who was signed with the Los Angeles Lakers and now plays for the NBA G League Ignite.

The son of Hall of Fame player Shaquille O'Neal, he attended Crossroads School in Santa Monica, California.
As a senior forward, O'Neal was ranked among the top high school basketball players of his class. He was a redshirt during his first season in college with the UCLA Bruins, when he had a heart surgery. He played as a reserve for the Bruins in 2019–20 before transferring midseason to the LSU Tigers.

Frank Moorhouse

Frank Thomas Moorhouse (21 December 1938 – 26 June 2022) was an Australian writer. He was best known for having won the 2001 Miles Franklin Literary Award for his novel, "Dark Palace" and "Cold Light".

Moorhouse died at a hospital in Sydney, Australia on 26 June 2022 at the age of 83.


Edgware

Edgware () is a suburban town in northern Greater London, mostly in the London Borough of Barnet.

As of 2011, the town had a population of 76,506 and is made up of five wards from both Barnet and Harrow boroughs.

Air France Flight 296

Air France Flight 296 was a test flight of an Air France Airbus A320, chartered by Air Charter International, at the air show in Habsheim, Alsace, France on June 26, 1988. The approach was to take place with the plane at 100 feet (33 m), but the plane descended to a lower height than expected and crashed at the end of the runway, killing 3 passengers on board, this being the first fatal accident of an Airbus A320 in the world.

The crew of flight 296 was commanded by Captain Michel Asseline, who was sent to prison for this act and sentenced by the French justice system to 10 months in prison and 10 months of probation.

As the aircraft approached Habshiem Airfield, the Airbus A320 was prepared for the flyover by Captain Asseline, who was the pilot flying. The first officer then warned the captain of the low altitude of around 100 feet. The aircraft was not stabilized and continued to descend to 30 feet, with an according Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS) callout. The aircraft was at a low speed and as the aircraft stabilized itself in a nose up attitude, Captain Asseline called out, "TOGA power, go around track!" The flight crew began a go around and applied maximum go around thrust, as commanded. As the engines reached approximately 84 percent N1, the A320 flew into trees at the end of the runway during the airshow, and burst into flames upon impacting the ground.

The impact and the fire resulting from the fuel fire killed 3 people on board, these being two young children and one adult. During the evacuation of the plane, the passengers left through the emergency exits, while a woman tries to remove a 7-year-old girl from the plane whose seat belt got stuck in her seat, killing both of them. The other child was found dead in the rubble.

Captain Asseline, First Officer Mazière, two Air France employees and the sponsor of the event, president of the local flight club, were charged with the crime of involuntary manslaughter, of the group Captain Asseline was the only one who ended up in jail convicted to 10 months in prison, while the rest ended up on probation.

It was found that the Airbus had actually went against Captain Asseline's flight control inputs and deflected the elevators down to prevent the aircraft from stalling. This later became known as the Alpha Protection system.
The episode "Blaming the Pilot" of the TV series "Survival in the Sky" featured the accident.

The Discovery Channel Canada / National Geographic TV series "Air Crash Investigation" featured the accident and subsequent investigation in a season 9 episode titled "Pilot vs. Plane" and included an interview with Captain Michel Asseline, survivors, and accident investigators.

The episode "Disastrous Descents" of the TV series "Aircrash Confidential" produced by WMR Productions and IMG Entertainment, featured the accident and included an interview with Captain Michel Asseline.


Eddystone, Pennsylvania

Eddystone is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,459 at the 2020 census.




The Drum (1938 movie)

The Drum (released in the U.S. as Drums) is a 1938 British adventure movie directed by Zoltan Korda and was based on the 1936 novel of the same name by A. E. W. Mason. It stars Sabu, Raymond Massey, Roger Livesey, Valerie Hobson, David Tree, Desmond Tester, Roy Emerton and United Artists.


KL Rahul

Kannaur Lokesh Rahul (born 18 April 1992) is an Indian cricketer.
India vs Australia: Making progress toward working on myself as an initial hitter, says KL Rahul 

Damián De Santo

Damián Álvaro De Santo (Born June 12, 1968) is an Argentine actor and former singer. He acted in theater, cinema and television.

He has been married for years to Vanina Bilous, a tango dancer. He has two children, Joaquín and Camilo. Although he is not much of a soccer fan, he is a River fan. He was the boyfriend of the Argentine singer Laura Miller. Since 2005, he has lived for much of the year in the town of Villa Giardino in Cordoba, where he owns a complex of cabins.

APTRA

The Asociación de Periodistas de la Televisión y Radiofonía Argentina (APTRA) () is an entity that brings together press workers from Argentine television and radio.

It stands out for annually awarding the Martín Fierro Awards to the television and radio production of the previous year.

On June 9, 1959, ten journalists met at the headquarters of the Argentores Association with the purpose of supporting and promoting the improvement of television and radio broadcasting and formalized the beginning of the institution under the first presidency of Manuel Ferradás Campos. That same year the first awards ceremony was held at the Cervantes National Theater.

Jorge Lanata

Jorge Ernesto Lanata (Born September 12, 1960) is an Argentine journalist and writer. He has ventured into various genres such as investigative journalism, literature, documentaries, television, cinema and theater. of magazine, He has participated in the foundation of newspapers, magazines and news portals.
He comes from a lower-middle class family from the town of Sarandí, in the district of Avellaneda (province of Buenos Aires). When he was seven years old, his mother was bedridden as a result of a brain operation for cancer. He was educated by his aunts and his grandmother.

His first interview was with the poet Conrado Nalé Roxlo, whom he looked for in the telephone book. He did it after in elementary school someone close to them was asked for an interview, but he went further.

He began writing in "Colmena", the medium of his secondary school ―Colegio San Martín (de Avellaneda)―, and the newspaper La Ciudad de Avellaneda reproduced some of those notes.

In 1974, at the age of 14, he began working with the writing of informative cables at Radio Nacional. That year he won the Second Municipal Essay Prize with "The social issue in Argentine cinema." In 1978 he graduated from Colegio San Martín.

During the last civic-military dictatorship in Argentina (1976-1983), he worked as a waiter in a bar that still exists. In 1977, he wrote notes for the magazine "Siete Días".

In 2006 he received the «Premio a la Libertad» ("Freedom Award"), granted by the Atlas Foundation for a Free Society, which promotes the free market and of which he is one of its exclusive members. He participates in talks and debates organized by another liberal NGO: Fundación Libertad.

In 2013 he was offered to run as a politician but he refused, arguing that he is a journalist and that he only dedicates himself to reporting.

Together with his ex-partner Andrea Rodríguez they had his first daughter, Bárbara. He was married to Patricia Orlando from 1984 to 1986, then to Silvina Chediek from 1990 to 1991, and finally to Sara Stewart Brown between 1998 and 2016 (with whom he had his second daughter, Lola).
In 2012 Lanata came back to TV with a new show called "Periodismo para todos". The 2013 edition worked with the case of "the K money trail".

In December 2015 the Citizen's Lab, at the Munk School for Global Affairs, at University of Toronto, identified Lanata and several other South American opposition figures as having their cellphones targeted for extrajudicial surveillance by government associated hackers.

The Gorgon

The Gorgon is a 1964 British Hammer horror movie directed by Terence Fisher and starring Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Barbara Shelley, Richard Pasco, Patrick Troughton, Jack Watson.


Netherlands at the 1930 Women's World Games

The Netherlands competed with a team of five athletes at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague from 6 to 8 September 1930.

With a total of 9 points, the Netherlands finished 6th.

There was a predetermined selection procedure to qualify for the Women's World Games. A team of 5 athletes was announced by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation on 27 August 1930. The team moved to Prague on 2 September 1930.
Schuurman won the silver medal in both the 100 metres and 200 metres behind the Polish Stanisława Walasiewicz, with a "chest width" difference in the 200 metres.
Gisolf won the silver medal in the high jump event. During the final, Gisolf got injured herself during her successfull jump of 1.57 metres toring thigh muscle during the run. She then tried to jump, to great encouragement from the crowd, but failed and had to and had to withdraw from the competition. Because of this Braumuller, the only remaining participant, won.

Keith Micah Tan

Keith Micah de luna Tan also known as Mike Tan or Atorni Mike is a Filipino politician. He served as the congressman of Quezon's 4th District from 2022 after his mother Angelina "Helen" Tan served-three terms from 2013-2022.

He is the son of Governor Angelina "Helen" Tan and Ronnel Tan.

Dalimil Klapka

Dalimil Klapka (22 May 1933 – 14 June 2022) was a Czech actor and dubber. He was born in Prague, Czech Republic. His career began in the 1960s and he dubbed Lieutenant Columbo in the Czech version of "Columbo", Abe Simpson in "The Simpsons" and Yoda in "". Also also voiced the Beggar in the Czech animated movie "Goat Story" and its sequel.

Klapka died on 14 June 2022 at a Prague hospital from prostate cancer, aged 89.

Canta Conmigo Ahora

Canta Conmigo Ahora was an Argentine talent show produced by LaFlia Contents. was the Argentine version of the British program All Together Now broadcast by the BBC One network. The presenter was Marcelo Tinelli. This TV show was broadcast by eltrece and produced by LaFlia Contents.
It is a singing contest that brings together 100 experts in the same place. They will meet many singers who seek to win the contest. 

At the beginning of May, the show program LAM announced that of the 100 jurors, some will be great figures recognized throughout the country and that among them, was the singer-songwriter Coti, thus being the first confirmed member of the jury. 

On May 10, 2022, the casting was launched to participate in the program.

The protagonist of the program, in addition to its participants, will be the team of 100 jurors who will be different people who have to do with the musical world, of these only 15 will be recognized figures, here is the list of those confirmed:


Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge

The Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge is a rope bridge near Ballintoy in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.


Belle Meade, Tennessee

Belle Meade is a city in Davidson County, Tennessee. Its total land area is . Its population was 2,901 at the time of the 2020 census.

Showmatch

Showmatch was an Argentine entertainment and humor program. It was hosted by Marcelo Tinelli. 
Showmatch has aired for years as one of the most successful programs in the history of Argentine television. It is due to its great impact on the industry and its high audience numbers, generally managing to beat all its competition. These factors have managed to keep the program over time, considering it a true phenomenon. However, since 2015, the average rating of the program has dropped, getting low ratings never seen before. 2021 became the worst year for the program.

It began broadcasting on April 4, 2005 on Channel 9. It was produced until 2017 by Ideas del Sur. It is the continuity of Videomatch, also from the same production company. From 2006 until its end, on December 10, 2021;  and except for the year 2013 and 2020 that did not air; was broadcast on El Trece. From 2018 to 2021, the production is in charge of LaFlia Contents.

After the rupture at the end of 2017 with Grupo Indalo (temporarily renamed Grupo Ceibo) after a year with many conflicts that almost caused the end of the program's broadcasts, the continuity of Showmatch was confirmed for 2018 and 2019 with the support of El Trece. 

However, as it turned out, the program had to change its name, since the Showmatch brand would not belong to the new production, so the possibility of taking the Videomatch name again was considered. However, given the protection of said name because it is owned by Telefe, the name used for the 2018 season is simply "Bailando 2018". In mid-June, it was confirmed that the program would return to its title Showmatch as before until its final season, in 2021.

Sébastien Lecornu

Sébastien Lecornu (; born 11 June 1986) is a French politician. He is in the government of Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne as Minister of the Armed Forces since 2022. 

Marco Mendicino

Marco Mendicino (; born July 28, 1973) is a Canadian politician. He has been the Minister of Public Safety since October 26, 2021. He is a member of the Liberal Party. Mendicino represents Eglinton—Lawrence in the House of Commons since 2015. He was the Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship from 2019 to 2021.

Joachim Nagel

Joachim Nagel (born 31 May 1966) is a German economist and banker. In 2022, he became the President of the Bundesbank. He became a member of the Bank for International Settlements in 2020. He was a board member of the Deutsche Bundesbank from 2017 until 2020.

Waking Ned Devine

Waking Ned (titled Waking Ned Devine in Australia and North America) is a 1998 British Irish French American comedy movie directed first time director Kirk Jones. It stars Ian Bannen, David Kelly, Susan Lynch, Susan Gilmore, James Nesbitt, Fionnula Flanagan and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 100 metres

The 100 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930, entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.

The heats took place on 6 September.

Sources:

Source:

Source:

Source:

Sources:

The semi-finals took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions. The top two athletes of each semi-final qualified for the final.

Sources

8 September
Sources:

Minerva, New York

Minerva is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 773 at the 2020 census. The town is named after the Roman goddess of wisdom, Minerva.

Fabrizio Frizzi

Fabrizio Adriano Frizzi (5 February 1958 – 26 March 2018) was an Italian television presenter. He was best known for presenting a number of Rai-based television shows such as "L'eredità", "Scommettiamo che...?" and the Italian version of "Identity". He was also an occasional voice actor, giving his voice to Woody in the Italian broadcasts of the "Toy Story" films and other media.

On 26 March 2018, Frizzi died following a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 60.

Party wall surveyor

The Party Wall Surveyor is a professional who specializes in the resolution of disputes arising under the Party Wall etc Act 1996. As of 1 July 1997, this legislation was only applicable to England and Wales. It replaced Part VI of the London Building Acts (Amendment) Act 1939, which only applied to Inner London Boroughs. 

Surveyors appointed under the provisions of the Act have a duty to the Act and not to the party or parties that appointed them. As the surveyor has an 'appointing owner', there is no client-surveyor relationship in the normal sense. The person appointed as a 'surveyor' under section 10 of the 1996 Act is not required to possess surveyor qualifications (or any other profession) and may accept the appointment if he or she is not a 'party to the matter'.

It is possible for owners to appoint someone who has a good working knowledge of the Act. A party wall surveyor is responsible for resolving disputes between neighbours when proposed building works affect party structures, or are within a specified distance from a neighbour's property. The surveyor (Agreed Surveyor, where both parties agree on one individual) or surveyors (where both parties appoint their own surveyor) will resolve the dispute by making an Award, which is legally binding on both parties.


Clingmans Dome

The clingmans dome is a mountain in the Smokey Mountain that has been created by air pressure that keeps the shape of the bubble. The clingmans dome tower as of 27 June 2022 was finished building 62 years ago and was made to allow visitors an opportunity to see the mountains and valleys surrounding Clingman's Dome with an unobstructed view. This is located at the border of Tennessee-North Carolina.

Sphaenorhynchus pauloalvini

Paolo's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus pauloalvini") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Some scientists believe that this frog should be in a group by itself, the sub-genus "Gabohyla". Other scientists think this frog should be in "Sphaenorhynchus".

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 200 metres

The 200 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadiumfrom 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930, entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.

6 September

Sources:

The semi-finals took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions. The top two athletes of each semi-final qualified for the final.

Sources:

8 September
Sources:

Walter Huston

Walter Thomas Huston ( ; "né" Houghston; April 5, 1883 – April 7, 1950) was a Canadian actor and singer. Huston won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre". His son was director John Huston. His grandchildren are Anjelica Huston, Danny Huston and Allegra Huston.

On April 7, 1950, Huston died of an aortic aneurysm in his hotel room in Beverly Hills, California two days after his 67th birthday.

Fred Zinnemann

Alfred Zinnemann (April 29, 1907 – March 14, 1997) was an Austrian Empire-born American movie director and producer. He won four Academy Awards for directing and producing movies. He also won a BAFTA Award and two Golden Globe Awards.

His best known movies were "The Search" (1947), "The Men" (1950), "High Noon" (1952), "From Here to Eternity" (1953), "Oklahoma!" (1955), "The Nun's Story" (1959), "A Man For All Seasons" (1966), "The Day of the Jackal" (1973), and "Julia" (1977). His movies have received 65 Oscar nominations, winning 24.

His parents were Austrian Jews. He graduated with a law degree from the University of Vienna in 1927. He later studied at Ecole Technique de Photographie et Cinématographie in Paris to become a cameraman. Both of his parents were killed during the Holocaust.

Zinnemann died of a heart attack in London, England on March 14, 1997 almost one month before his 90th birthday.

White-faced whistling duck

The white-faced whistling duck ("Dendrocygna viduata") is a whistling duck that breeds in sub-Saharan Africa and many parts of South America.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 800 metres

The 800 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague, from 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 800 metres events.

6 September

Sources:

8 September
Sources:

Wu Jin-yun

Wu Jin-yun (3 March 1939 – 27 June 2022) was a Taiwanese athlete. She competed in the women's shot put and the women's discus throw at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Wu died on 27 June 2022, aged 83.

A Martinez

Adolfo Larrue Martínez III (born September 27, 1948) is an American actor and singer. He acted in the daytime soap operas "Santa Barbara", "General Hospital", "One Life to Live", "The Bold and the Beautiful", and "Days of Our Lives".

Martinez plays Mayo in the television series "Queen of the South".

In June 2022, Martinez was cast as Master Pakku in the Netflix live-action series "".

His father was Mexican with Apache descent while his mother was of Northern European descent.

Mercedes Funes

Mercedes Romina Funes (Born; January 1, 1979) is an Argentine movie, stage and television actress. She is known for the antagonistic roles of her playing mostly villains. In 2010, she became recognized for having played the character of Luz Inchausti in the Argentine youth series "Casi Ángeles".

Funes born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina on January 1, 1979, but after a while, she went to live with her family in Buenos Aires. There, at the age of 10, she convinced her parents to take her to a casting for a television program, where she was accepted and she began her acting career in Superclán (1990). 

After 7 years of relationship, on April 22, 2006, Funes married actor Nicolás Vázquez in the Nuestra Señora del Guadalupe church. On August 15, 2007, she divorced the actor. Some time later, she began a relationship with a stock accountant named Fernando, with whom she was a couple until 2016. Since 2017, she has been in a relationship with Cecilio Flematti, whom she married on November 29, 2019.

Paso Internacional Los Libertadores

The Paso Internacional Los Libertadores, also called "Cristo Redentor" is a border crossing in the Andes Mountains between Argentina and Chile. It is the main route between Los Andes, Valparaíso Region, (Chile) and the province of Mendoza, (Argentina), in addition to allowing the passage of heavy vehicles between both countries.

On the Argentine side, the access road has a slight incline until it finally enters a tunnel at 3,500 meters above sea level. The Chilean side has a large number of curves to save the steep slope.

To avoid a possible collapse of the border crossing in the event of a prolonged disabling of the main tunnel, the construction of two new tunnels has been proposed. The first is the Juan Pablo II Tunnel, which would be built 20 km from the current one at a height of 2,250 meters above sea level and would have a length of 27.2 km. This tunnel would join the towns of Horcones in Argentina, and Juncal in Chile.

The other proposed tunnel, called Paso Las Leñas, would be built at 2,050 meters above sea level and would have a length of 13 km; uniting the commune of Machalí in Chile, with the town of El Sosneado, near San Rafael, in Argentina.


Altitude sickness

Altitude sickness is the harmful effect of high altitude. The mildest form is known as acute mountain sickness (AMS)
It is caused by rapid exposure to low amounts of oxygen at high elevation.
The severity of the disorder is related to the speed of ascent and the altitude reached. These symptoms disappear when going to lower altitudes. It occurs from 2,500 meters in altitude, up to the so-called "death zone" at 7,500 meters in altitude.
The main cause is hypoxia (lack of oxygen in the body). Atmospheric pressure decreases with height, which affects the bio-availability of oxygen, since the pulmonary alveoli are not capable of transporting the same amount of oxygen to the blood as in a situation of higher pressure. Although it is known that hypoxia is the cause of this problem, the exact mechanism by which it causes it is still unknown.

The amount of oxygen available to sustain mental and psychological attention decreases as altitude increases. The availability of oxygen and nitrogen, as well as their density, decrease with increasing altitude.
Dehydration due to accelerated loss of water vapor due to altitude can lead to symptoms of altitude sickness. The speed with which one ascends, the initial height, physical activity, as well as individual susceptibility are factors that contribute to this discomfort.
Altitude sickness can be prevented by climbing slowly. In most cases, symptoms are temporary and usually reduce as altitude acclimatization occurs. However, in extreme cases, altitude sickness can be fatal.


Essen (Oldenburg)

Essen (Oldenburg) is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on the river Hase, about north of Quakenbrück and southwest of Cloppenburg.

Essen has the following villages: Addrup, Ahausen, Barlage, Bartmannsholte, Beverdiek, Bevern, Bokel, Brokstreek, Calhorn, Darrel, Essen proper, Felde, Gut Lage, Herbergen, Hülsenmoor, Nordholte, Osteressen, Sandloh and Uptloh.

Addrup

Addrup is a village in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Addrup borders the villages of Gut Lage, Uptloh, Bevern, Calhorn and Stadtsholte within the Essen (Oldenburg) municipality. To the east, Addrup borders Lüsche in Bakum in Vechta. Being on the border of the districts of Cloppenburg and Vechta, Addrup is in the center of the Oldenburg Münsterland.


Friesoythe

Friesoythe (Saterland Frisian: "Ait" or "Äit") is a town in Cloppenburg, Lower Saxony, Germany, on the river Soeste, northwest of Cloppenburg, and southwest of Oldenburg.


Garrel

Garrel is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 15 km north of Cloppenburg, and 25 km southwest of Oldenburg.

Lastrup

Lastrup is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 15 km southwest of Cloppenburg.

Lindern

Lindern is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km west of Cloppenburg.

Löningen

Löningen () is a town in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The town is on the river Hase, about 25 km southwest of Cloppenburg.

Molbergen

Molbergen is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany, about west of Cloppenburg.

Looney Tunes: Rabbits Run

Looney Tunes: Rabbits Run is a 2015 American animated direct-to-video adventure comedy movie.
It is based on The Looney Tunes Show, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the first new Looney Tunes direct-to-video movie in nine years since Bah, Humduck! A Looney Tunes Christmas. The movie was directed by Van Partible, a creator on Johnny Bravo and storyboard supervisor on Looney Tunes: Back in Action & writer for Mike Lu & Og. He was also a director on the 2011 TV series, The Looney Tunes Show. 
It was released on August 4, 2015 by Warner Home Video, but it was released early on July 7, 2015 on Vudu and Walmart.

Bethen

Bethen is a small town on the edge of the German city Cloppenburg in Lower Saxony. It is a Marian shrine, as such first mentioned in 1448.

Scharrel

Scharrel (Saterland Frisian: Skäddel) is a village and former municipality in Lower Saxony. In 1974 the until then independent municipality became part of the newly formed municipality of Saterland in Cloppenburg.


Bophuthatswana

Bophuthatswana, officially called the Republic of Bophuthatswana, was a Bantustan that became independent from South Africa during Apartheid, but like other Bantustans, only South Africa recognised its independence. The official languages were Setswana, English and Afrikaans.


Lefatshe leno la bo-rrarona

Lefatshe Leno la Bo-Rrarona was the national anthem of Bophuthatswana, a Bantustan that was recognised as independent by South Africa during Apartheid. It is stated as the national anthem in the Constitution of Bophuthatswana.

Arensch

Arensch is a local part of Cuxhaven, a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Döse

Döse (Low German: "Döös") the northernmost town in Lower Saxony, Germany at the point where the River Elbe flows into the North Sea. It is a borough of the city Cuxhaven and a popular seaside resort. Döse is west of Grimmershörn in the borough of Cuxhaven and is one of the tourist centres of the region of Cuxland.

Armstorf

Armstorf is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Belum

Belum is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Beverstedt

Beverstedt is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km southeast of Bremerhaven, and 40 km north of Bremen.

Beverstedt was the seat of the former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") Beverstedt. 

Beverstedt (Samtgemeinde)

Beverstedt is a former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat was in the town Beverstedt. It was disbanded on 1 November 2011, when its municipalities combined into the municipality Beverstedt.

The collective municipality Beverstedt had the following municipalities:

Appeln

Appeln is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Altes Amt Ebstorf

Altes Amt Ebstorf is a former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Uelzen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat was in the village Ebstorf. At the 1 November 2011 local government reform, the collective municipality Bevensen and Altes Amt Ebstorf combined to form the new collective municipality Bevensen-Ebstorf.

The collective municipality Altes Amt Ebstorf had the following municipalities:



Am Dobrock

Am Dobrock is a former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the convergence of the rivers Oste and Elbe, about 25 km east of Cuxhaven, and 15 km south of Brunsbüttel. Its seat is in the village Cadenberge. On 1 November 2016 it was combined into the collective municipality Land Hadeln.

The collective municipality Am Dobrock had the following municipalities:


Zeppelin (movie)

Zeppelin is a 1971 British World War I action adventure drama movie directed by Étienne Périer and starring Michael York, Elke Sommer, Peter Carsten, Marius Goring, Anton Diffring, Andrew Keir, Rupert Davies, Alexandra Stewart, Clive Morton. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and is rated PG in New Zealand.


Martin Fierro Awards

The Martín Fierro Awards are the television and radio awards in Argentina, organized by the Argentine Association of Television and Radio Journalists (APTRA).

Since its first edition in 1959, the Martín Fierro awards have been considered the most relevant and recognized awards for Argentine television and radio within the country.

They were given for the first time in 1959. In addition, prizes are awarded to the best of cable television and to the best of the interior of the country. Likewise, since 2018, the Martín Fierro Digital Awards have been awarded, which reward content creators on digital platforms. 

The ceremony, which takes place every year, is usually accompanied by a dinner, and brings together celebrities and stars of the Argentine show business. Most of the broadcasts were made live, achieving high audience levels and also controversies that reverberated before, during and after the event.

WWE 2K20

WWE 2K20 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on March 12, 2019.

WWE 2K19

WWE 2K19 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on October 5, 2018.

WWE 2K18

WWE 2K18 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on October 6, 2017.

WWE 2K17

WWE 2K17 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on October 7, 2016.

WWE '13

WWE '13 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on July 20, 2012.

The Key (1983 movie)

The Key () is a 1983 Italian erotic drama movie directed by Tinto Brass and was based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Junichiro Tanizaki. It stars Frank Finlay, Stefania Sandrelli, Barbara Cupisti, Ricky Tognazzi, Ugo Tognazzi.

Unseptbium

Unseptbium is a hypothetical chemical element with atomic number 172. Based on the trends of the periodic table, it would likely be a noble gas. It has the symbol Usb.

The O2 Arena

The O2 Arena, also known as the O2, is an indoor arena in the centre of the O2 entertainment center on the Greenwich Peninsula in southeast London. It opened in 2007. It has the second-highest seating capacity of any indoor venue in the United Kingdom.

Neila Tavares

Neila Tavares (18 September 1948 – 4 June 2022) was a Brazilian actress, television presenter and journalist. She was born in Niterói, Brazil. Tavares began her career in 1968. She was known for her roles in telenovelas such as "Anjo Mau" and "Gabriela". She retired from acting in 2013. She also worked as a presenter for Rede Manchete and TVE Brasil. 

Tavares died from emphysema on 4 June 2022 in Rio das Ostras, Brazil at the age of 73.

Rio das Ostras

Rio das Ostras (, ) is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.

Eiko Kaneta

Eiko Kaneta ( "Kaneta Eikō"; 30 December 1942 – 17 June 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He was in the House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005. Kaneta was born in Asahikawa, Japan.

Kaneta died in Tokyo, Japan on 17 June 2022 from heart failure at the age of 79.

Michael C. Stenger

Michael C. Stenger (1950/1951 – June 27, 2022) was an American law enforcement officer. He was the 41st Sergeant at Arms of the United States Senate from April 16, 2018, to January 7, 2021. He resigned after a mob of Donald Trump supporters attacked the United States Capitol. Before, he was a United States Secret Service agent.

Stenger died on June 27, 2022 at the age of 71.

Enyobeni Tavern disaster

On 26 June 2022, at least 21 people died during a celebration at the Enyobeni Tavern, a nightclub in East London, Eastern Cape, South Africa. Four more people were injured. No causes of death have been found.

Cause of death

In law, medicine, and statistics, cause of death is the official reason that caused a human's death, which may be recorded on a death certificate. A cause of death is done by a medical examiner. The cause of death is a specific disease or injury, instead of manner of death which is a small number of categories like "natural", "accident", "suicide", and "homicide". 

East London, Eastern Cape

East London (; ) is a city on the southeast coast of South Africa. It is in the Eastern Cape province. The city lies on the Indian Ocean coast. In 2011, East London had a population of over 267,000.

2022 Kremenchuk missile strike

On 27 June 2022, missiles from the Russian Armed Forces were fired into central Kremenchuk in Poltava Oblast, hitting the Amstor shopping mall and the Kredmash road machinery plant. The attack killed at least 20 people and injured at least 56. A three-day period of official mourning was declared in the city.

Russia's defence ministry officially said they were reponsible for the attack, saying that they hit a weapons depot in a nearby factory and that the detonation of munitions caused the fire to spread to the shopping centre. 
On June 29, the United Kingdom's Defence ministry said that it is possible that the missile was not aimed at the mall, but that is was intended to hit a nearby infrastructure target.
Russian media and officials carried conflicting stories about the attack. Those claims were found to be false by multiple organizations.

2022 Missouri train derailment

On June 27, 2022, the "Southwest Chief", a passenger train operated by Amtrak, derailed near the small town of Mendon, Missouri. This was caused by the train hitting a dump truck that was in the way of a railroad crossing near Mendon.

The train was travelling from Los Angeles to Chicago, with stops. 243 passengers and 12 crew members were onboard. Three deaths have been reported, two onboard the train and the truck driver, along with at least 50 injuries.

Dump truck

A dump truck, known also as a dumping truck, dump trailer, dumper trailer, dump lorry or dumper lorry or a dumper for short, is a truck-like vehicle used for transporting dirt, gravel, or waste for construction.

Varinder Singh

Varinder Singh (16 May 1947 – 28 June 2022) was an Indian field hockey player. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. He also competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. Singh was born in Jalandhar, then-British Raj.

Singh died on 28 June 2022 at a private hospital in Jalandhar at the age of 75.

The Journey of Natty Gann

The Journey of Natty Gann is a 1985 American family adventure movie directed by Jeremy Paul Kagan and starring Meredith Salenger, John Cusack, Ray Wise, Lainie Kazan, Scatman Crothers, Barry Miller, Garry Chalk, Bruce Boa. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.


Loincloth

A loincloth is a piece of cloth or leather that covers the gentitals, and sometimes the buttocks. Usually, it is held in place by piece of string or a belt. Loincloths have been used all over the world. A G-string is a modern version of a loincloth. 

Like a Rock

Like a Rock is the thirteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on April 14, 1986.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 80 metres hurdles

The 80 metres hurdles at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 80 metres hurdles event.
Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition. Gold medal winner Maj Jakobsson and British Cornell are not on the published enterants overview.

The heats took place on 6 September 1930.

The semi-finals took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions. The top two athletes of each semi-final qualified for the final.

8 September
Sources:

Sphaenorhynchus prasinus

Bokermann's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus prasinus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Instinctive drowning response

The instinctive drowning response is a reaction humans have when they are close to drowning. The response is more common in non-swimmers. 
It is focused on trying to keep the mouth above water to without using too much effort, and trying to signal for help

Elthorne Park High School

Elthorne park high school is a english secondary school located in Ealing, London. It is home to many students ranging from year 7 to a 6th form.

Cüneyt Arkın

Fahrettin Cüreklibatır (7 September 1937 – 28 June 2022), better known by his stage name Cüneyt Arkın, was a Turkish movie actor, director, producer and martial artist. He was known for his movie roles in "The Mine", "Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam" and "Paramparça". Having starred in more 300 movies and television series, he is widely considered one of the most prominent Turkish actors of all time. In his roles, Arkın did all of his dangerous stunts often without safety equipment and was injured many times. Arkın was born in Odunpazarı, a district in the city of Eskişehir, Turkey.

Arkın died on 28 June 2022 from cardiac arrest at a hospital in Istanbul, Turkey at the age of 84.

Fina García Marruz

Josefina García-Marruz Badía (28 April 1923 – 27 June 2022), also known as Fina García Marruz, was a Cuban poet and literary researcher. García Marruz was born in Havana, Cuba. She won the National Prize for Literature in 1990. She also won the Pablo Neruda Ibero-American Poetry Award (2007), and the Reina Sofía de Poesía Iberoamericana (2011). 

García Marruz died on 27 June 2022 in Havana at the age of 99.


Natalka Sniadanko

Natalka Volodymyrivna Sniadanko () is a Ukrainian writer, journalist, and translator. She translates texts from German and Polish into Ukrainian. In 2011, Natalka won the Joseph Conrad Korzeniowski Literary Prize in 2011.

Ivan Gel

Ivan Gel (July 17, 1937, Klitsko (today Lviv Raion) – March 16, 2011) is a Ukrainian politician and dissident. He was a cofounder and a member of the Ukrainian Helsinki Group. Gel was an active participant in public and political life. He is an author of the book "Faces of Culture" about Ukrainian culture under the Russian occupation.

Petro Bolbochan

Petro Bolbochan (October 5, 1883, Yarivka village, Chernivtsi Oblast - June 28, 1919, Balyn village, Khmelnytskyi Oblast) is Ukrainian military figure, colonel of the Army of the Ukrainian People's Republic. From November 1918 to January 1919, Bolbochan was the Defense of Northeastern Ukraine. During the First World War he was an officer of the 38th Tobolsk Regiment.

Hennadii Vatsak

Vatsak Hennadiy (born February 9, 1972, Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian businessman and philanthropist. He owns the "Vacak" Confectionery House. In 2015, he was elected as a deputy of the Vinnytsia Regional Council from the Petro Poroshenko Bloc. He served as the Secretary of the Standing Committee of the Regional Council on Legality. Vatsak Hennadiy was Deputy of Ukraine of the IX convocation. He was a member of the deputy group "For the Future". 

Kite (brand)

Kite is a brand of backpacks and stationery. The company founded in 2007. The range includes more than 190 models of backpacks. They are made children's preschool backpacks, orthopedic school backpacks, backpacks for the city, sports bags are made.

Mamamusic

Mamamusic is a Ukrainian record label. Yurii Nikitin privately owned and operated the company. Now Mamamusic supports Verka Serdyuchka, Olha Horbachova, KAZKA band, Roxolana.

OWOX

OWOX  is a Ukrainian software company. The team creates a web analytics and business intelligence products and services. Vladyslav Flaks is the CEO of OWOX.

Lifecell

lifecell is a Ukrainian mobile telephone network operator. The company is a branch of Turkcell. Lifecell's dialing prefixes are +38063, +38093 and +38073.

István Tóth

István-Elod Tóth (born 1951) is a former Hungarian Olympian. He won the silver medal in wrestling, at the Olympic Games in Moscow, 1980. He was World Champion in 1979 and 1981.

Laughing gull

The laughing gull ("Leucophaeus atricilla") is a type of gull in North and South America. Laughing gulls are omnivores, they eat plants and animals. 

The laughing gull breeds on the Atlantic coast of North America, the Caribbean, and northern parts of South America. 

Bokel, Lower Saxony

Bokel is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Spennymoor

Spennymoor is a town in Tyne and Wear.


Frelsdorf

Frelsdorf is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Heerstedt

Heerstedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Hollen

Hollen is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Kirchwistedt

Kirchwistedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Lunestedt

Lunestedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Osterndorf

Osterndorf is a town in the collective municipality of Beverstedt, in Cuxhaven, Lower Saxony, Germany.

Stubben

Stubben is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Bülkau

Bülkau is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Second Hellenic Republic

The Second Hellenic Republic was a Greek republic. It existed between 1924 and 1935. The republic was founded after the fall of the Kingdom of Greece.

Tessa Gordon

Tessa Gordon (born 27 January 1967) is a Trinidad and Tobago-born Canadian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight event. She won a bronze medal at the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships.

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal and at the Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the gold medal in 1986 and the silver medal in 1988.


Amparo Dols

Amparo Dols (born 25 July 1968 Valencia) is a Spanish taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing third in the Featherweight division, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport,

She won a bronze medal at the 1988 European Taekwondo Championships in the –55 kg category.

The Hurt Locker

The Hurt Locker is 2008 American war thriller movie directed by Kathryn Bigelow. It stars Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, Brian Geraghty, Christian Camargo, Ralph Fiennes, David Morse, and Guy Pearce. The movie is set in the Iraq War and is about an Explosive Ordnance Disposal team. The movie was a major critical success. Many critics consider it the best movie of 2009 and one of the best films of the 2000s. The movie is part of the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress. 

It is the year 2004 during the Iraq War. Sergeant First Class William James replaces Matthew Thompson, who died from an improvised explosive device (IED). William leads an explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) team to disarm bombs and explosives. Sergeant J. T. Sanborn and Specialist Owen Eldridge are also on the team. There are 38 days left on their job to disarm bombs. 

James becomes friends with an Iraqi child called Beckham, who sells him DVDs. The other team members think that William is reckless with the bombs. Once, James goes back for his gloves near the bomb. Tension develops. Sanborn considers killing William with the explosives. The team meets British mercenaries and private military contractors. They have two prisoners. Together they are attacked. The prisoners try to escape but are shot. 

At a warehouse, William finds a body of a boy. There is a bomb in the body. He thinks it is Beckham. The team evacuates the warehouse, but Lieutenant Colonel John Cambridge dies in an explosion. He is a psychiatrist and friend of Eldridge. James tries to find the one responsible for the boy's death. His team splits up, and Eldridge is captured. Eldridge is rescued but shot in the leg. The next day, James meets Beckham but does not talk. Eldridge is taken to surgery and blames James. James and Sanborn have to disarm a bomb on a man two days later. James cannot rescue the man, and the man explodes with the bomb. Sanborn says he cannot stand it anymore and wants to go home to his family. 

After the end of their rotation, James returns to his ex-wife Connie and his son. He is bored and prefers to disarm bombs. He starts another line of duty that is now 365 days. 


The movie had very positive reviews. It has a 97% on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics found the movie to the gripping, intense and full of suspense. Roger Ebert rated it the best film of 2009 and second best movie of the decade. It made the top ten lists of many movie critics. Critics praised Jeremy Renner for his acting and Kathryn Bigelow as director. Veterans criticized that the movie was inaccurate in portraying the Army. The movie had nine nominations at the 82nd Academy Awards. It won the following six: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Film Editing. "The Hurt Locker" was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards. Kathryn Bigelow won several awards for directing including a BAFTA Award, Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Director, and Best Director Award from Chicago, Boston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and New York' film critics groups. 

North Sea Empire

The North Sea Empire was a union with England, Denmark, and Norway. It lasted between 1013 and 1042.

Kandhkot

Kandhkot is the city and tehsil in Kashmore district in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is 98th largest city of Pakistan.

Poste Italiane

Poste Italiane (English: "Italian Post") is an Italian postal service. In addition to postal services, the company provides logistics, financial and insurance services throughout Italy.

An organization dealing with postal services in Italy was founded in 1862. This was a consequence of the postal reform. In 1996, Poste Italiane became a state-owned business ("Società per Azioni"). In February 1998, the Ministry of the Treasury appointed Corrado Passera, as the CEO of the newly formed Poste Italiane. In 2011, Poste Italiane acquired UniCredit MedioCredito Centrale. In 2014, the Italian government approved the sale of 40% of the company's shares. In 2016, another 35% of shares were transferred from the ministry to Cassa Depositi e Prestiti.

Nici Mür

Nici W. Mür (born 1900s) was a Dutch sprinter and discus thrower in the 1920s. She was a member of Hygiëa, The Hague and the national team.

Her earliest national level competition was at the 1925 Dutch national championships where she won with her club the silver medal in the 4x 80 metres relay. In 1926 she became Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres.

In 1927, after good individual performance at the district champhinships, she became a week later national champion in the discus throw event. At the national championships Mür also became for the second consecutive year Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres together with Martha Kolthof, Willy Hamerslag and Nettie Grooss with a time of 55 seconds.

In the reports of her national discus throw title it was somehow criticized that het trow was over four meters below the national record. She showed in September 1927 she was a good discus thrower, throwing 24.11 metres in an out of competition record attempt, beating the old record of Martha Kolthof. For her record she received a special prize. While newspapers reported it as a new national record, the record was not recognized by the Dutch athletics federation.

Mür represented the Netherlands at two international competitions. She competed at the international competition against Belgium. She also competed at the international tournament against Germany in Dortmund. Only a few women’s events were included at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The Netherlands could only send a limited amount of athletes. Mür was a reserve athlete and didn’t compete at the Games.

On of her last competitions, was the 1929 regional championships where she won the discus throw event.

My Little Pony: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks

My Little Pony: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks, simply known as Rainbow Rocks, is a 2014 flash animated fantasy musical movie based on Hasbro's toy line and media franchise, which is a spin-off of the 2010 relaunch of My LIttle Pony.

National Geographic Channel Korea (American TV channel)

National Geographic Korea was an American Korean language television channel. The channel began in 2009 and ended in 2022.

Grammarly

Grammarly is a Ukrainian-American online text editor based on artificial intelligence. The editor checks spelling, grammar, punctuation and other mistakes. Established in 2009 by Ukrainians Alex Shevchenko, Max Lytvyn, and Dmytro Lider. In 2018, Grammarly launched the beta version. As of 2022, it is available as a browser extension. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, USA. The company's offices are located in Kyiv, New York and Vancouver.

Joe Aillet Stadium

Joe Aillet Stadium (formerly Louisiana Tech Stadium) is a college football stadium in Ruston, Louisiana and the home field of the Louisiana Tech University Bulldogs football team, which competes in Conference USA. The football stadium replaced the original Tech Stadium where the school's football program played its home games on campus until 1967.

Netguru

Netguru is a Polish software company. Its headquarters is in Poznań, Poland. The company was three times in Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 Central Europe ranking, and twice on the "FT 1000," the Financial Times list of fastest-growing companies in Europe. 

The company was founded in 2008 by Wiktor Schmidt, Jakub Filipowski, and Adam Zygadlewicz. In 2014, Netguru moved into Israel and the Middle East markets. In 2015, the company joined the London fintech community. In 2018, Netguru reached an annual turnover of about PLN 80 million. In 2019, Netguru's chief operating officer Marek Talarczyk became the company's new CEO.

Louisiana Scholars' College

The Louisiana Scholars' College at Northwestern State University, or "Scholars' College" as it is known by its students and faculty, is Louisiana's only designated four-year, selective-admissions honors college in the liberal arts and sciences.

Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo

PGNiG or Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo (English: Polish Oil Mining and Gas Extraction) is a Polish oil and gas company. PGNiG is controlled by the state. The company headquartered in Warsaw, Poland. PGNiG is listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 

PGNiG was established in 1982. In 1996, the company was transformed into a joint-stock company. In 2004, it became Sp (Spółka Akcyjna). In 2011, PGNiG purchased 99.8% of Vattenfall Heat Poland's assets. In 2018, PGNiG signed a contract with Cheniere Marketing International. In 2021, PGNiG was ranked №58 in the Arctic Environmental Responsibility Index (AERI).

Islanders

Islanders may mean:


Fire Country

Fire Country is an American drama television series created by Max Thieriot that is set to air on CBS on October 7, 2022. The series is produced by CBS Studios and Universal Television, with Thieriot, Tony Phelan, and Joan Rater serving as executive producers.

In "Fire Country", seeking redemption and a shortened prison sentence, young convict Bode Donovan (Thieriot) joins a firefighting program that returns him to his small Northern California hometown, where he and other inmates work alongside elite firefighters to extinguish massive blazes across the region.


Fire Country was created by Max Thieriot. On November 15, 2021, the show was put into development at CBS, with Thieriot serving as executive producer. Tony Phelan and Joan Rater were also announced as executive producers. On February 4, 2022, it was officially ordered to pilot. Shooting for the pilot took place from March to April 2022, in Vancouver, Canada. It was directed by James Strong.

On May 12, 2022, "Fire Country" was officially picked up to series.

Casting for the main cast started in February 2022 with Max Thieriot, and ended with Jules Latimer. 


Courtesy name

In East Asia, a courtesy name () is a name given to a person when they become an adult. It is also known as a style name. Today, not many Chinese people have courtesy names.

Castle Keep

Castle Keep is a 1969 American World War II comedy-drama movie directed by Sydney Pollack and was based on the 1965 novel of the same name by William Eastlake. It stars Burt Lancaster, Patrick O'Neal, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Peter Falk, Scott Wilson, Tony Bill, James Patterson, Bruce Dern, Michael Conrad and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Alexi Giannoulias

Alexander Giannoulias ( ; born March 16, 1976) is an American financier and politician who is the Illinois Secretary of State. Giannoulias ran as the Democratic nominee for Secretary of State in 2022. He was the 72nd Illinois Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. He is a Democrat.

He was a candidate in the 2010 elections for the United States Senate, but lost to Republican Mark Kirk.

Waqas Ahmed (Norwegian cricketer)

Waqas Ahmed was born 9 June, 1991 in Oslo. He is a Norwegian cricketer who plays Twenty20 Internationals for Norway.

Jonathan Jackson (Illinois politician)

Jonathan Luther Jackson (born January 7, 1966) is an American Democratic politician, business professor, businessman and social justice activist. He was the national spokesman for the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition. His father is activist Jesse Jackson. He is the member of the United States House of Representatives for Illinois's 1st congressional district since 2023.

2022 Melilla incident

On June 24, 2022, at least 37 migrants were killed at the during an issue with Moroccan and Spanish security forces. Issues broke out as between 500 and 2,000 people gathered in the early hours of the day to cross the border with Spain.

The incident happened in the morning when around 2,000 migrants crossing from Morocco tried to attack and break through the Melilla border fence. Security forces from both nations managed to stop the crowd. But they resulted in violent fighting with the migrants lasting for two hours. Spanish and Moroccan officials said that migrants had assaulted their border guards with weapons and they had to fight back in self-defense. According to authorities, fleeing migrants trampled over each other causing a human stampede and killing several people. Several other migrants fell from the fence onto the ground. At least 18 migrants were killed, five of them died during the crossing attempt and thirteen of them died from their injuries in the hospital. Morocco said that at least 63 other migrants had injuries and that 140 Moroccan officers had been hurt, five seriously, and 49 were lightly injured. The Moroccan Association for Human Rights said that 29 migrants had been killed, while 133 people managed to cross the fence. A number of from Spain to Morocco took place. An called Walking Borders estimated at least 37 killed. NGOs also reported that two Moroccan gendarmes were killed.

Prime Minister of Spain Pedro Sánchez said that the incident was a "well-organized, violent assault" by organized crime groups and thanked Spanish and Moroccan security forces for their actions.

Sidi Salem cemetery operators prepared several graves where the Moroccan authorities plan to bury the deceased.

Among the detainees held in custody in , a group of 32 people with the most serious offences were charged by the Moroccan public prosecutor's office. They were charged with "organizing and facilitating the clandestine entry and exit of people to and from Morocco on a regular basis", kidnapping and retention of a civil servant to use them as a hostage, setting a fire in the forest, and insults and violence against Moroccan law enforcement agents. Another group of 33 detainees were charged with minor offences.

Faced with the informative silence throughout the day of the events and the leaking of videos and photographs of several unconscious, neglected, bloody, crowded and dead migrants in police custody, the situation took on a lot of international media coverage. The Prime Minister of the , () justified the intervention and pointed out that “it is necessary to recognize the extraordinary work that the Moroccan Government has done in coordination with the security forces of the State of Spain for try to avoid a violent assault, it has been well-resolved by the two security forces", in addition to recognizing and thanking" the importance of having with a strategic partner such as Morocco "and pointing out the mafias as the only culprits of the events that occurred". Several of the actions condemned by human rights organizations have also occurred in Spanish jurisdiction and not only in Morocco, as initially pointed out. The denied in statements to that it knew anything about this matter. According to Moroccan police sources, it was an action measured "by the use of very violent methods" by migrants and that they died "only by the avalanche of people" while crossing it.

Algerian President publicly accused Morocco of having committed "a carnage" in Melilla. President-elect of Colombia expressed his solidarity with the families of the "massacred victims". He also reaffirmed his commitment "to all African peoples fighting hunger and for life." Due to media pressure, the convened an emergency meeting with representatives of African states to justify the actions alleging the violence by migrants when crossing the prison. In the case of the European Commission, its spokeswoman for Foreign Affairs and Security, , postulated that the European authorities had contacted the Moroccans to try to understand the event, but avoided demanding any report or research commission.

10 NGOs requested the identification and return of the remains to their families instead of a swift burial in the Sidi Salem cemetery near Nador.

On June 26, hundreds of people demonstrated in Madrid, Barcelona and other Spanish cities against the "massacre" of at least 37 migrants. They asked for explanations for what happened, both from the Spanish and the Moroccan governments.

On June 27, the African Union Commission called for an investigation into the Melilla tragedy.

2022 Aqaba toxic gas leak

On 27 June 2022, a toxic gas leak happened at the Port of Aqaba in Aqaba, Jordan. A container carrying 25 tons of chlorine fell from a crane onto a docked ship and leaked. The incident killed at least fourteen people and injured more than 265.

2022 San Antonio trailer deaths

On June 27, 2022, 51 bodies were found in and around a tractor-trailer near Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, United States. The deaths happened during an illegal immigrant smuggling attempt in South Texas. It is the deadliest smuggling incident of its kind in American history.

Three people have been taken into custody.

Colin Blakemore

Sir Colin Blakemore, , Hon (1 June 1944 – 27 June 2022) was a British neurobiologist. His works focused in vision and the development of the brain. 

He was Yeung Kin Man Professor of Neuroscience and Senior Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute for Advanced Study, City University of Hong Kong. He was an Emeritus Professor of Neuroscience at the University of Oxford. 

He was called by "The Observer" as both "one of the most powerful scientists in the UK" and "a hate figure for the animal rights movement" for his support of animal testing in science.

Dennis Egan

Dennis William Egan (March 3, 1947 – June 28, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alaska Senate representing Juneau from 2009 to 2019. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the Mayor of Juneau from 1995 to 2000. Before politics, he was a radio broadcaster for KINY. Egan was born in Juneau. 

Egan died on June 28, 2022 in Salem, Oregon at the age of 75.

Katja Husen

Katja Husen (12 June 1976 – 28 June 2022) was a Turkish-born German biologist and politician. She was a member of Alliance 90/The Greens. She was in the Hamburg Parliament from 2004 to 2008. Husen was born in Istanbul, Turkey.

Husen died after falling off her bike in Bayrischzell, Germany on 28 June 2022 at the age of 46.

Hichem Rostom

Hichem Rostom (26 May 1947 – 28 June 2022) was a Tunisian actor and theatre director. He has appeared in more than 70 movies. His career began in 1987. He was known for his role in "Golden Horseshoes" (1989). 

Rostom died on June 28, 2022 in Tunis, Tunisia at the age of 75.


Ryuzo Sasaki

Sasaki died on 28 June 2022 from problems caused by a heart attack at a Fukui hospital, aged 65.

Rolf Skoglund

Rolf Fredrik Skoglund (11 August 1940 – 28 June 2022) was a Swedish actor. He won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 2007. He was known for his roles in "Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret", "Fångarna på fortet" and "Jönssonligan spelar högt". Skoglund was born in Stockholm, Sweden. His career began in 1963 and he retired in 2021.

Skoglund died on 28 Junee 2022 at his home in Stockholm from non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 81.

Summer of '42

Summer of '42 is a 1971 American teen romantic drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Jennifer O'Neill, Gary Grimes, Jerry Houser, Christopher Norris, Lou Frizzell. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won an Academy Award in 1972 and was nominated for 3 Oscars.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 4 × 100 metres relay

The 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 7 to 8 September.

The heats took place on Sunday 7 September as the last event of the day, with bad weather conditions. The top two nations of each heat qualified for the final.
The final took place on 8 September 1930.
Sources:

The names in "italic" are highly likely the runners of these nations, as these sprinters are the nations' main 100 metres athletes at the Games.

2022 Ecuadorian protests

A series of protests against the economic policies of Ecuadorian president Guillermo Lasso, caused by increasing fuel and food prices, began on 13 June 2022. The protests are being led by Indigenous activists such as members of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE). The protests have been joined by students and workers. Lasso declared a state of emergency and later extended it on 22 June. The protests have caused food and fuel shortages as protestors have blocked exits and entries to the country's capital of Quito. The protest ended on 30 June 2022 after a government deal was made.

Quell and Co.

Quell and Co. is a 1982 American German Mexican western movie directed by William Witney (his final film) who also stars. It is also known as "Showdown at Eagle Gap".


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 60 metres

The 60 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 6 to 7 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 800 metres events.

The heats took place on 6 September 1930.

The semi-finals took also place on 6 September 1930. The first two persons of each semi-final qualified for the final

The final of the 60 metres event took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions.

Media Center Ukraine

Media Center Ukraine (Ukrainian: Медіацентр Україна) is a civic initiative that gives support and advice to media covering events. The Media Center has a platform for organizing and hosting important news events. Numerous Ukrainian and foreign media talked about Media Center Ukraine. For example, The New York Times, Rolling Stone, TSN, Hindustan News Hub, ArmyInform, etc.

Media Center Ukraine was founded in March 2022 by media professionals, the government, and the business community. Their aims is representing information about the Russo-Ukrainian War.

The first site of Media Center Ukraine was opened in Lviv. Later, similar sites were set up in Kyiv and Kharkiv.

Patron (dog)

Patron (; born 2019) is a detection dog of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine. He is a Jack Russell Terrier. He found bombs in the Chernihiv, Ukraine. He was awarded the Medal for Dedicated Service, in May 2022. He catch out 236 unexploded Russian explosive devices during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. He became famous from a video on Facebook.

On 27 May 2022, Patron was awarded the Palm Dog Award for its work at the Cannes Film Festival.

Meta History: Museum of War

Meta History: Museum of War is a NFT-museum. It was created by the Ukrainian crypto community and supported by the Ministry of Digital Transformation of Ukraine. The project covers the chronology of the events of the Russian military invasion of Ukraine. The museum team want to share truthful information about the war to the global digital community, and raise money to support Ukraine. The funds are planned to be used to restore Ukrainian museums and theaters. They were damaged by the Russian occupiers.

TIS-Grain

TIS-Grain (Ukrainian "ТІС-Зерно") is the largest grain terminal in Ukraine, a national leader in grain transshipment.

TIS-Grain is owned by TIS-Grain LLC, founded in 1999. Oleksiy Fedorychev is the founder and owner of 100% of the shares. Ihor Chobitko is the director of the terminal. The terminal is in the waters of the port "South", northeast of Odessa. Occupies a land plot of 14 hectares. The specialization of the terminal is transshipment of grain cargoes in the port "Southern"; storage of grain in warehouses.

Kormotech

Kormotech LLC (Ukrainian ТОВ «Кормоте́х») is a Ukrainian company, the largest producer of pet food in Ukraine. Production facilities are in the village of Prylbychi, Yavoriv district, Lviv region.

As of 2019, the company has about 650 employees. Products are exported to 19 countries.

Kormotech LLC produces under four brands:


Meest

Meest is an international postal and logistics operator. It delivers of all types of items. Meest is part of the Meest Group, a postal and logistics group formed by the international Meest Corporation Inc., Toronto, Canada in 1989. It mainly focuses on North America to Ukraine parcels delivering.

The company "Meest" is part of the postal logistics group "Meest Group", which was formed from the international corporation "Meest" (Meest Corporation Inc., Toronto, Canada) in 1989.

Franz Schneider

Franz Schneider (born c. 1900s) was a German sprint canoeist from in Cologne, who competed in the 1930s.

Schneider won three times the German title in the K-2 1000 metres event from 1931 to 1933 together with Paul Wevers, also from Cologne. Representing Germany, the duo won the gold medal at the in the F-2 event over 10 kilometres.

Ovostar Union

Ovostar Union (WSE: OVO) is an agro-industrial Ukrainian agricultural holding. It is one of the three largest producers of chicken eggs in Ukraine. The company produces products under the brands "YASENSVIT" (eggs) and "OVOSTAR" (egg products).

In 2021, 1.69 billion eggs were collected, the total population was 8.4 million individuals, including 7.0 million laying hens.

ISTA

ISTA is the manufacturer of starter batteries in Ukraine. "ISTA" was the first in Ukraine to start providing a full cycle of battery production. NJSC "ISTA" is part of the group of companies "Ukrprominvest", owned by Petro Poroshenko.

In 1992, the Ukrainian government decides to establish ISTA and to build the country's first plant for the production of lead-acid batteries.

In 1995, the first stage of the Ista-Center CJSC plant was put into operation.

In 2001, the second accumulator plant - LLC DOZ "Energoavtomatika" is started.

In 2003, the plant for recovery of lead-containing materials of Ukrsplav LLC was launched.

In 2006, the plant for production of polypropylene cases - Open Company "Interplast" is put into operation.

In 2007, it started delivering batteries to the enterprises of one of the leading car manufacturers - Renault concern.

Artemsil

Artemsil is a state-owned company for salt production in the Donetsk region, Ukraine. One of the largest in the world, the maximum annual production reaches 7226.3 thousand tons. It was stopped because of the Russian invasion on Ukraine and constant missile shellings of the plant by Russian armed forces.

It was formed in 1976. It consists of five mines (mines) with a completed cycle of salt production, ancillary services, significant housing and social funds. Number of workers - 3780 people. The production activity has been counted since 1881 - the commissioning of the Bryantsev mine. Mine № 1 has been in operation since 1898. The administrative center is the city of Soledar.

On March 3, 2020, Artemsil was put up for auction. But at the end of the year, the company was removed from the list of facilities allowed for privatization.

Myronivska Power Station

Myronivska power station is a thermal power plant in the Donetsk region. It uses coal to extract energy. It is owned by PJSC "Donetskoblenergo".

Myronivska power station was put into operation on October 15, 1953, with the capacity of 100 MW.

In 2004, after reconstruction, the boiler № 9 and the turbogenerator № 5 (electric capacity of 115 MW) were put into operation.

Ukrposhta

Joint-stock company "Ukrposhta" (Ukr. "Укрпошта") is a state-owned postal company, subordinated to the Ministry of Infrastructure of Ukraine, a national postal operator. Together with a private post operator Nova Poshta, Ukraposhta are the leaders of pacels delivery in Ukraine.
The company provides universal postal services. They are approved by the National Commission for Communications Regulation. The company also has the exclusive right to issue, put into circulation and organize the distribution of postage stamps, stamped envelopes and cards, as well as withdrawal them from circulation in Ukraine.

The company has 24 regional branches, the Directorate of Mail Processing and Transportation and Avtotranspost. Ukrposhta is one of the largest companies in the country (60,000 employees) and has about 11,000 branches that provide coverage in 100% of settlements in Ukraine.
On April 12, 2017, PJSC Ukrposhta rebranded the company. To replace the winged envelope, a new logo was chosen for the mail horn, which is transformed into a geolocation icon - a pin. The new logo, according to the head of Ukrposhta Ihor Smilianskyi, should reflect the positive changes in the company. The new brand concept was developed free of charge by the advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi.

In 2020, the company delivered 238.5 million units in Ukraine and abroad. written correspondence, 44.6 million parcels and small packages, paid 12.1 million transfers and 64.5 million pensions and cash benefits.

Ukrposhta together with Nova Poshta are leaders in the delivery and e-commerce market of Ukraine.

In March 2022, in Zaporizhia Oblast the Russians opened fire on a Ukrposhta car, killing two employees of the company.

In the Zaporozhye region, the enemy opened fire on a Ukrposhta car, killing two employees of the company. 

David Weiss Halivni

David Weiss Halivni () (27 September 1927 – 29 June 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born American-Israeli rabbi and scholar. His works focused on Jewish Sciences. He was a Professor of Talmud. He was the "Reish Metivta" of the Union for Traditional Judaism's rabbinical school. Halivni was born in Kobyletska Poliana, Czechoslovakia. 

In 1993, he became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2006, he was honored with the Israel Prize.

Halivni died in Jerusalem, Israel on 29 June 2022, aged 94.

Yehuda Meshi Zahav

Avraham Zvi Yehuda Meshi Zahav (July 19, 1959 – June 29, 2022) was an Israeli social activist. He was a member of the Haredi Jewish community. He was known for being the founder and chairman of ZAKA. Meshi Zahav was born in Jerusalem, Israel. 

In April 2021, after being accused of sexual harassment and rape, Meshi Zahav shot himself in the head and was in a coma. He died from his injuries a year later on June 29, 2022 at the age of 62.

Svema

OJSC Svema (formerly Svema) is a Ukrainian and former Soviet enterprise for the production of movie, photo and X-ray film, photo paper, tape and cassettes. Located in the city of Shostka, Sumy Oblast. Founded on October 1, 1931.

Shostka Research and Production Association "Svema" was considered an ace of high technology in the field of fine chemistry. And specialized in the production of professional and amateur films and photographic films, magnetic tapes for audio, video, computer equipment, as well as aerospace photographic films, radiographic films, adhesive tapes, printing inks. The products were intended for both the civilian and military sectors. Delivered to CMEA countries and developing countries.

On May 31, 2019, the Ministry of Justice of Ukraine scheduled an auction for the sale of the property of Svema JSC.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – long jump

The long jump event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the final being held on 8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the long jump event.

The final took place in the morning of 8 September.

Between sources there are some differences in the distances. This might be typo errors, or possibly a mix-up with the qualification.

Taejo of Joseon

Taejo of Joseon (4 November 1335 – 27 June 1408) was the first king of the Joseon dynasty. His given name was Yi Seong-gye (). He changed his name to Yi Dan () after he became king. He ruled Korea from 1392 to 1398. He was a general of the Goryeo dynasty before he became king.

After the fall of the Yuan dynasty in 1368 resulting in the weakened remnants of Northern Yuan only controlling Mongolia and the northeast, in the first lunar month of 1370 Goryeo ordered Yi Seonggye (Li Chenggui), the future founder of Joseon, to attack remnants of Korean loyalists of Northern Yuan in the northern Korean peninsula and retrieve ethnic Koreans who were still loyal to Northern Yuan there to bring them back to Korea. The Goryeo Army appointed Yi Seonggye as the Marshal of the Northeast, and Chi Yongsu and Yang Boyuan as the Marshal of the Northwest.

In the first month of the lunar calendar in 1370 , King Gongmin of Koryo sent Li Chenggui to lead 5,000 cavalry and 10,000 infantry. They traveled more than 600 miles from Huangcaoling in the northeast of Koryo to Xuehanling, and traveled another 700 miles. On the first month of Jiachen, they crossed the Yalu River. That night, the sky was filled with purple air in the northwest. The Koreans considered this a sign of victory. At that time, Li (Yi) Wulu Timur, the Tongzhi of Dongning Prefecture (Dongnyeong Prefectures), fled to Yuluoshan City ( Wunü Mountain City ).

Yi Seonggye marched into Yedun Village (也顿村之战), but the Korean leader in the village who was loyal to Northern Yuan, Wulu Timur sent troops and failed. He said "my ancestors are Koreans, I can surrender", and led more than 300 households to surrender. Ulu Timur later renamed it "Yuanjing". Under the leadership of Gao Anwei (Go Anwi), the remnant Yuan army continued to resist in Yingcheng and was surrounded by the Koryo army.

Yi Seonggye took the soldier's bow and shot more than 70 arrows into the city, with a hundred hits. Go Anwi abandoned his family and fled the city at night. The next day, more than 20 Northern Yuan army leaders led their congregation to surrender. In other areas, the Northern Yuan army surrendered. Goryeo has more than ten thousand households. The more than 2,000 cattle and hundreds of horses obtained were all returned to the common people, and the common people moved to Korea in large numbers. From the imperial city in the east to Dongning Mansion (Liaoyang) in the north and from Hainan in the west to Yalu. Many Koreans in Liaodong returned to the Korean peninsula after this campaign.

Yi Seonggye captured the deputy envoy of Yuan Privy Council and more than 300 households including Li Yuanjing, Li Boyan, Li Changshou, Li Tianyou, Xuanduoshi, Jin'a, and Luding in Dongning Prefecture. When Yi Seonggye entered Kuiluo, he heard crying in the ruined wall, and asked people to check it out. A man stood naked and wept, saying: "I am the Zhuangyuan of the Yuan Dynasty and I worshiped him. Li Renfu of your country is the same year as me." Yi Seonggye gave it to him. He put on clothes, gave him a horse to ride, and brought him to Goryeo. King Gongmin gave him the name Han Fu. Later loyal to Yi Seonggye.

Yi Seonggye, the founding king of Joseon was known to have been a master archer. In a battle against Japanese pirates, Seonggye, assisted by Yi Bangsil, killed the young samurai commander "Agibaldo" with two successive arrows, one arrow knocking out his helmet, with the second arrow entering his mouth. Yi Seonggye, from his archery experience in Liaodong judged a conflict with the Ming to be suicide, hence he disobeyed orders from Goryeo to seize Liaodong from the Ming and instead overthrew Goryeo. In his letter to General Choi Young, Seonggye lists as one of five reasons not to invade Ming China as during the monsoon season, glue holding together the composite bow weakens, reducing the effectiveness of the bow.

Sphaenorhynchus caramaschii

The lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus caramaschii") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in Brazil's states São Paulo, Paraná, and Santa Catarina.

Torbeši

The Torbeši also known as Macedonian Muslims () are Macedonians with Islamic belief in the Republic of North Macedonia.

Vallahades

The Vallahades () or Valaades () also Patrioytlar were a Muslim-Greek people population of the Bektashi-Tarika who lived along the river Haliacmon in southwest Macedonia (Greece); in and around Anaselitsa (modern Neapoli) and Grevena. The Greek term Vallahades derived from the Muslim word Vallahi, the meaning of this word is: (By Allah). They were expelled from Greece to Turkey after the Treaty of Lausanne at The 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey. They settled there in East Thrace and Anatolia. and have become completely assimilated into the Turkish Muslim mainstream as Turks.
In Turkey this Group is known as Patriyotlar (Vatanseverler). The Patriyotlar once lived in the . Because of their pro-Ottoman-Turkish attitude, at the Balkan Wars, this Group of Muslims were called patriōtēs (πατριώτης) by the Greeks. The name Patriyotlar in Turkish means Vatanseverler. At the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey about Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, this Muslim-Group was expelled by the Greeks and moved to Turkey and settled in Edirne, Lüleburgaz, Çorlu and Büyükçekmece in East Thrace and Samsun and Manisa and other Citys in Anatolia. The first Generation only speak Patriyotça a Macedonian-Greek dialect, and not Turkish, yet there descendants only speak Turkish and fully assimilated.

Eeles Landström

Eeles Enok Landström (3 January 1932 – 29 June 2022) was a Finnish pole vaulter. He was also a businessman and politician. He won two European titles, in 1954 and 1958, and competed at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics, winning a bronze medal in 1960. He was born in Viiala (present-day Akaa), Finland. From 1966 to 1972, he was a member of the Parliament of Finland as a member of the Liberals Party.

Landström died on 29 June 2022, aged 90.

Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania

Plymouth Meeting is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The settlement was founded in 1686. 7,452 people lived in Plymouth Meeting at the 2020 census.

Rushden

Rushden is a town in Northamptonshire.

Tilden Daken

Tilden Daken (June 14, 1876 – April 24, 1935) was an American landscape painter. He was known for his oil paintings of California states. He also painted in Alaska, Mexico, Baja, the Hawaiian Islands, the South Seas, and parts of the East Coast of the United States. Daken exhibited in the famous galleries in New York, Chicago, Cincinnati, Los Angeles, and San Francisco, and at the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition.

Maurice Grosser

Maurice Grosser (October 23, 1903 – December 22, 1986) was an American painter, art critic, and writer. He was the longtime companion of Virgil Thomson. Maurice Grosser was born on October 23, 1903, in Huntsville, Alabama. He designed the scenery for two operas by Virgil Thomson: "Four Saints in Three Acts" (1934) and "The Mother of Us All" (1947). Grosser died on December 22, 1986, in Manhattan.

Paintings by Maurice Grosser are at the Museum of Modern Art, the Brooklyn Museum, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, and the Huntsville Museum of Art.

John Cameron Swayze

John Cameron Swayze (April 4, 1906 – August 15, 1995) was an American news commentator and game show panelist during the 1940s and 1950s. He later became best known as a product spokesman.

Swayne died on August 15, 1995 in Kansas, United States at the age of 89.

Harry Rosen Inc.

Harry Rosen Inc. is a Canadian retail chain with 17 luxury men's clothing stores. Harry Rosen operate for 40 percent of the Canadian market in clothes for man in 2008.

The company was founded by Harry Rosen in 1954. In 2009, Harry Rosen opened their own website. Shipping is limited to Canadian addresses.

Yidgha people

The Yidgha are a Iranic people living in Chitral District. They number around 9,600 and speak the Yidgha language. They follow Shia Islam.

Paimiut, Alaska

Paimiut is a small town located in Alaska by the Yukon River. It has a population of 2, of which has declined since the 2000s.

1999 Algarve Cup

The 1999 Algarve Cup was an invitational women's football tournament. China won the event defeating the US, 2-1, in the final. It was China's first victory against the USA since 1993 and their first win over them since 1993.

The host and the seven teams invited are Australia, China, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Portugal, Sweden and the United States.

The eight teams were split into two groups that played a round-robin group stage with playoff to determine seventh and eighth place. The winners of each group would compete for first and second place and the winners of the groups would be crowned champions.
There are 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and none for a loss.


Villains (album)

Villains is the second studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on March 26, 1996.

Jim Pappin

James Joseph Pappin (September 10, 1939 – June 29, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the of the National Hockey League (NHL). He won the Stanley Cup in 1964 and 1967 with the Toronto Maple Leafs. He also played for the Chicago Black Hawks.

Pappin died on June 29, 2022 at his home in Palm Desert, California. Before he died, Pappin said that he was diagnosed with cancer.

Bill Woolsey

William Tripp Woolsey (September 13, 1934 – June 25, 2022) was an American competition swimmer. He represented the United States at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, where he won a gold medal. Four years later at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, he won a silver medal. Woolsey was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Woolsey died on June 25, 2022 in California at the age of 87. 

Ford Konno

Ford Hiroshi Konno (born January 1, 1933) is a former Japanese–American competition swimmer. He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He won two gold medals and a silver medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Four years later, he won another silver medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

Leo Posada

Leopoldo Jesús Posada Hernández (April 1, 1936 – June 23, 2022) was a Cuban-American professional baseball outfielder. He played for the Kansas City Athletics of Major League Baseball from 1960 through 1962. 

Posada died on June 23, 2022 in Miami, Florida from pancreatic cancer, aged 86.

Orby TV

Orby TV was an American direct broadcast satellite provider. It transmitted digital satellite television in the United States. The company was shut down on March 1, 2021.

Climate change denial

Climate change denial is the denial of climate change. They do not believe climate change exists.


The Love Special

The Love Special is a 1921 American drama movie directed by Frank Urson and starring Wallace Reid, Agnes Ayres, Theodore Roberts, Lloyd Whitlock, Sylvia Ashton, Clarence Burton, Snitz Edwards. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jeongjong of Joseon

Jeongjong of Joseon (26 July 1357 – 24 October 1419) was the second king of the Joseon dynasty. His given name was Yi Bang-gwa (). He became king after his father, king Taejo, abdicated (resigned) from the throne. He himself abdicated in 1400.

China Airlines Flight 140

China Airlines Flight 140 was a scheduled flight between Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Nagoya Airport in Nagoya, Japan. On April 26, 1994, the Airbus A300 B4-622R was completing a flight and was approaching Nagoya airport, when, just before landing, several pilot errors of not correcting their actions and speed caused the plane would end up crashing to the ground, killing almost all the passengers.

It was the most serious air disaster of 1994.

To date, this accident remains the deadliest in China Airlines history, and the second deadliest aviation accident on Japanese soil, behind Japan Airlines Flight 123. Also, it is the third worst accident in the history of the Airbus A300 after Iran Air Flight 655 and later surpassed by American Airlines Flight 587 with 265 fatalities.

On 3 May 1994, the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) of the Republic of China (Taiwan) ordered China Airlines to modify the flight control computers following Airbus's notice of the modification. On 7 May 1994, the CAA ordered China Airlines to provide supplementary training and a re-evaluation of proficiency to all A300-600R pilots.

Following the accident, China Airlines decided to withdraw its flight CI140 on this route and changed it to CI150 after the crash. China Airlines now operates this route with the Airbus A330-300 aircraft and the A300 has since been retired.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – high jump

The high jump event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 7 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the high jump event.

The qualification took place in the morning of 7 September 1930, under bad weather conditions.

The final took place in the afternoon of 7 September. The weather was still bad and it rained during the competition. The track was wet which affected the performance.

The British Marjorie Okell and Mary Milne couldn't jump above 1.50 metres. After the German Helma Notte was not able to jump higher than 1.53 metres, there were two remaining competitors, the German Inge Braumüller and the Dutch Carolina Gisolf. Both Braumüller and Gisolf jumped 1.57 metres. Gisolf got injured during her successfull jump of 1.57 metres toring thigh muscle during the run. She tried to continue jump, to great encouragement from the crowd, but was not able to jump the 1.57 metres. Braumüller was also not able to jump the 1.57 metres. The competition was decided by a toss, which was won in favor of the German.


Calgary Junior Hockey League

The Calgary Junior Hockey League is a Junior "B" ice hockey league based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.


List of Nigeria Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Nigerian Twenty20 International cricketers.

América TV

América TV (call sign LS 86) is an Argentine television channel. Its headquarters is in the city of La Plata, Buenos Aires. Its signal is produced in the city of Buenos Aires.


Loves of a Blonde

Loves of a Blondie (), also known as A Blonde in Love, is a 1965 Czech romantic black comedy-drama movie directed by Miloš Forman and starring Hana Brejchová, Vladimír Pucholt, Vladimír Menšík, Ivan Kheil, Jiří Hrubý. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1966.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – shot put

The shot put event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium on 6 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the shot put event.

The final took place on 6 September.

Nauru national soccer team

The Nauru national soccer is the soccer team that comes from Nauru. The teams current Ello Ranking is 184. The team does not have a FIFA Ranking because the team is not part of FIFA.

South Africa national soccer team

The South Africa national soccer team () is represents South Africa in international men's soccer.

Where Love Has Gone (movie)

Where Love Has Gone is a 1964 American romantic drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars Susan Hayward, Bette Davis, Mike Connors, Joey Heatherton, Jane Greer, DeForest Kelley, Anne Seymour and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1965.


Rolando Andaya Jr.

Rolando "Nonoy" Gutierrez Andaya Jr. (March 10, 1969 – June 30, 2022) was a Filipino lawyer and politician. He represented the 1st District of Camarines Sur in the Philippine House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006 and again from 2010 to 2019. He also was the 32nd Majority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2018 until 2019. 

Andaya Jr. was found dead on June 30, 2022 at his apartment in Naga, Philippines with a gunshot wound to his head at the age of 53.

Naga, Camarines Sur

', officially known as the ' (Central Bikol: "Syudad nin "; Rinconada Bikol: "Syudad ka "; ) or the Pilgrim City of Naga, is a in the of the Philippines. In the , it has a population of people.

Peter Aho

Peter Aho was born 2 March, 2003. He is a Nigerian cricketer who has played 16 Twenty20 Internationals for Nigeria where he has taken a five wicket bag and a hat-trick. He also played in the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup in South Africa.

List of Tanzania Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Tanzanian Twenty20 International cricketers.

Sonny Barger

Ralph Hubert Barger (October 8, 1938 – June 29, 2022), better known as Sonny Barger, was an American outlaw biker, author and actor. He was a founding member of the Oakland, California chapter of the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club in 1957. He wrote five books, and appeared on television and movies. He was born in Modesto, California. He played the role of Lenny "The Pimp" Janowitz in the television series "Sons of Anarchy".

Barger died on June 29, 2022 in Oakland, California from throat cancer, aged 83.



Mats Traat

Mats Traat (23 November 1936 – 27 June 2022) was an Estonian poet, translator and novelist. Traat was born in Arula, Otepää Parish. His career began in 1962. He published over 20 anthologies of poetry. His poetry was about social commentary and society's love for science. He also wrote about the indigenous Estonian population. His short story, "The Cross of Power," won the Friedebert Tuglas Award for Short Prose.

Traat died on 27 June 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 85.


Martha Kolthoff

Martha Cecile Kolthoff (27 January 1908 — ‎15 September 1999) was a Dutch sprinter, javelin thrower and discus thrower in the 1920s. She was a member of Hygiëa, The Hague.

Her earliest achievement was in September 1923, becoming champion of South Holland in the athletics’ triathlon. In 1924 she won in this competition the javelin throw. In September 1925 she broke with the national record in the 4x 80 meters. Later the month she became national champion in the athletics’ triathlon ahead of Leny Rombout and . She also became with her club national champion in the 4x 80 metres relay.

In 1927 she became Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres together with Nici Mür, Willy Hamerslag and Nettie Grooss with a time of 55 seconds.

On 31 July 1927 Kolthof set the first official Dutch national record in the discus throw with 23.84 metres.

During an out of competition record attempt in September 1927 Nici Mür threw in discus throw 24.11 metres, so further than the record of Kolthoff. Kolthof broke during this record attempt session the national records javelin throw with 27.25 metres. While a special prize was awarded for the new record and these records were mentioned in newspapers as new national records, the records were never recognized by the Dutch athletics federation. Kolthof lost eventually the record in August 1928 to .

Kolthoff was born on 27 January 1908 in Batavia, Dutch East Indies. She was the only child of father Abraham Kolthoff (1863-1940) who was director Officer of Health 1st class of the K.N.I.L. and worked in in Batavia. Her mother was Johanna Cornelia Brandon (1870-1947). They moved back to the Netherlands where she married to mechanical engineer Lucas Ruinen (1901-1993) on 20 August 1937 in The Hague. They had four children together.

Mohammad Shtayyeh

Mohammad Ibrahim Shtayyeh () (born 17 January 1959) is a Palestinian politician, academic and economist. He became prime minister of the Palestinian National Authority in March 2019.

England Grand Prix

The "England Grand Prix" is a Formula One non-championship event that is part of the Formula One.

The inaugural England Grand Prix to held by Donington Park in 1994 before merged to British Grand Prix in 2010.

President of the Palestinian National Authority

The President of the Palestinian National Authority () is the highest-ranking political position (same to head of state) in the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). The President nominates the Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority.

Nura Pakhang

Nura Pakhang () is a Meitei-Portuguese bilingual song. It was sung by Manipuri folk musical artist Mangka Mayanglambam and the artists of Portuguese musical band "Clã". The music video was directed by Romi Meitei. It was released worldwide on 28 April 2017. It is a part of an album called "T(H)REE". It is a musical collaboration between Portuguese and Asian musicians in unique ways.

Portuguese music video producer David Valentim contacted Manipuri folk music artist Mangka Mayanglambam and her lyricist father Mayanglambam Mangangsana through email about his desire to collaborate Portuguese music with Meitei music.

When the collaboration between the two musical cultures was confirmed and finalised, Manipuri musical lyricist Mangangsana sent three musical tracks to the Portuguese producer David Valentim through email. David chose the song "Nura Pakhang" among the three. Clã also wrote their own musical lyrics to mix it with the Meitei folk song. All these processes of conversations were done through emails and the song was finally created. Interestingly, Mangka Mayanglambam and her father Mayanglambam Mangangsana had never met David Valentim and the Portuguese artists of "Clã" in real life. So, the artists couldn't record the song together but it doesn't affect their touring together in the musical journey. It's director Romi Meitei who met both teams of Meitei and Portuguese artists.

The first part of the music video was made in Manipur of India and its later parts are made in Porto of Portugal. The contributions of the lyrics are mainly credited to Carlos Tê, Hélder Gonçalves, Manuela Azevedo and Mayanglambam Mangangana. "Nura Pakhang" shows the way in which two different things depend on each other in a way that make sense together. The sound of the music video crosses jazzy pop rock with traditional Manipuri music.

The song "Nura Pakhang" was released was released worldwide on 28th April 2017.

Regarding radio broadcasting, it was released on "Antena 3", one of the biggest radio channels in Portugal.

According to an interview with Mangka Mayanglambam by IANS (Indo-Asian News Service), she said:
<poem>"The song was launched in April. It is played on radio in Portugal and is available on the internet. But I will be able to distribute it after June. I never thought of earning a profit from this project. All the proceeds will go to Make a Wish Foundation."</poem>

Mangka believes that language is not a barrier. She said to the IANS:
<poem>"Music is a Universal language, still each and every place has its own culture. It's best to follow our culture."</poem>

Ahmed Qurei

Ahmed Ali Mohammed Qurei (or Qureia; , ), also known by his "Arabic "kunya"" Abu Alaa (, ) (March 26, 1937 – February 22, 2023) was a former Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. He was speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council. He was a senior leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO).

Nabil Shaath

Nabil Ali Muhammad (Abu Rashid) Shaath (, , also spelled Sha'ath; born 9 August 1938) is a senior Palestinian official. He was the Acting Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority for a few days in December 2005.

Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority

The prime minister of the Palestinian National Authority was the position of the official head of government of the Palestinian Authority government, active between 2003 and January 2013. It was officially transformed into the State of Palestine. 

On 6 January 2013 the Palestinian National Authority was officially transformed into the State of Palestine and the position of the prime minister of the Palestinian National Authority became the prime minister of the State of Palestine.

Ismail Haniyeh

Ismail Abdel Salam Ahmed Haniyeh (; sometimes transliterated as Haniya, Haniyah, or Hanieh; born 29 January 1962) is a senior political leader of Hamas. He was the disputed Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. In September 2017, he became Chief of Hamas's Political Bureau.
Haniyeh is married to Amal Haniyeh and the couple have 13 children. In 2009, the family lived in Al-Shati refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip. In 2010, the couple shifted to the Rimla neighborhood in Gaza City. In 2020, He went to Qasem Soleimani's funeral, in Tehran, Iran. After visiting some other countries he decided to permanently reside in Doha, Qatar. His family joined him there in 2021. 
On 17 October 2023, during Israel–Hamas war an airstrike by israeli forces in Sheikh Radwan neighborhood in Gaza City reportedly killed 14 Palestinians, Haniyeh's brother and nephew were among the victims while several other family members were also injured.

Rami Hamdallah

Rami Hamdallah (; born 10 August 1958) is a Palestinian politician and academic. He was the Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. He also was president of An-Najah National University in Nablus.

Salam Fayyad

Salam Fayyad (, ) is a Palestinian politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority and Finance Minister.

He was Finance Minister from June 2002 to November 2005 and from March 2007 to May 2012. Fayyad was Prime Minister between June 2007 and June 2013.

Fayyad resigned from the cabinet in November 2005 to run as founder and leader of the new Third Way party for the legislative elections of 2006.

Prime Minister of the State of Palestine

The prime minister of the State of Palestine is the head of government of the State of Palestine. The post was created in January 2013, when the Palestinian National Authority was officially renamed into the State of Palestine.

President of the State of Palestine

The president of the State of Palestine is the head of state of Palestine. Since 2013, the title president of the State of Palestine became the only title of the Palestinian president.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – discus throw

The discus throw event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 7 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the discus throw event.

The qualification took place in the morning of 7 September 1930, under bad weather conditions.

Polish Halina Konopacka won the qualification ahead of German Tilly Fleischer and Italian Vittorina Vivenza. Swedish Elsa Svensson, Latvian Karlson and British Weston also qualified. The Dutch Dora Wevers had three invalid throws and so didn't qualify.
The final took place in the afternoon of 7 September. The weather was still bad.

Rawhi Fattouh

Rawhi Fattuh (, , also transliterated as Rauhi Fattouh; born 23 August 1949) is the former Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council and was the interim President of the Palestinian Authority, after the death of Yasser Arafat on 11 November 2004 until January 15, 2005. He was elected to the Central Committee of Fatah in December 2016.

Aziz Dweik

Aziz Dweik ( ; ) (born January 12, 1948) is the Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC) since 18 January 2006. He is seen as the Interim President of the Palestinian National Authority since 19 October 2016.

List of programs broadcast by Discovery Family

This is a list of television programs broadcast by the U.S. cable television channel Discovery Family.

This is a list of programs that have formerly aired on Discovery Kids (1996–2010), The Hub Network (2010–2014), and Discovery Family (2014–present).

An asterisk (*) indicates that the program had new episodes aired on Discovery Family.

Sphaenorhynchus botocudo

Sphaenorhynchus botocudo is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 23.9-29.3 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a black line from the nose to each eye. It has a white spot under each eye. It has a white stripe with brown color around it from each eye to the middle of the body.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games

The athletics competitions at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague were held from 7 to 9 September 1930 at the Letná Stadium. 

The athletes competed in 12 events: running (60 metres, 100 metres, 200 metres, 800 metres, 4 x 100 metres relay and hurdling 80 metres), high jump, long jump, discus throw, javelin, shot put and triathlon (100 metres, high jump and javelin). Several world records were set.

At some days there were 20000 spectators in the stadium.

Source

Terry O'Quinn

Terrance Quinn (born July 15, 1952), known professionally as Terry O'Quinn, is an American actor. He is best known for portraying the role of John Locke in the ABC drama mystery series "Lost", which ran for six seasons (2004–2010). He also played the title role in "The Stepfather" and "Stepfather II", and played Peter Watts in the crime drama series "Millennium", which ran for three seasons (1996–1999). 

Jack Gordon (ice hockey)

John "Jackie" Gordon (March 3, 1928 – June 27, 2022) was a Canadian ice hockey manager, coach and player. Gordon played 36 games in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers from 1946 to 1961. He was also head coach of the Minnesota North Stars from 1970 to 1973. He also was a general manager of the North Stars from 1974 to 1978 and of the Vancouver Canucks from 1985 to 1987.

Gordon was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He died on June 27, 2022 at the age of 94.

Dmitry Stepushkin

Dmitry Fyodorovich Stepushkin (; September 3, 1975 – June 30, 2022) was a Russian bobsledder. He won three medals in the four-man event at the FIBT World Championships with two silvers (2005, 2008) and a bronze (2003). Stepushkin also competed in three Winter Olympics in 2002, 2006 and 2010. Stepushkin was born in Chkalovsk, Russia.

Stepushkin died on June 30, 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 46.

Human rights in the Central African Republic

The Central African Republic, which the United Nations High Commissioner said is having "the most neglected crisis in the world", has an very bad human rights record. It was rated 'Not Free' by Freedom House from 1972 to 1990, in 2002 and 2003, and from 2014 to now. It was rated 'Partly Free' from 1991 to 2001 and from 2004 to 2013.

Human rights in Uganda

Human rights in Uganda refers to the difficulty of getting international rights standards for all citizens. It is difficult to solve the problems of proper sanitation facilities, home insecurity, bad infrastructure development, and mistreatment of LGBT people, women, and children. 

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – javelin throw

The javelin throw event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the javelin throw event.

The qualification took place ion 8 September 1930.

The final took place on 8 September.

Liesel Schumann won the competition in a new world record. With her performance of 42.3 metres she improved the former world record of Braumuller (40.37). Augustine Hargus who finished second was with 40.99 metres als better than the former world record.

Damel

The Damel are a Dardic group who live in Damel Valley, Chitral District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Most Damels speak Dameli while others speak Gawar-Bati. They number around 8,300 and are Sunni Muslims.

Julia Morley

Julia Evelyn Morley (née Pritchard; born 25 October 1939) is a British businesswoman, charity worker, and former model. She is the chairman and CEO of the Miss World Organization. She is the widow of Miss World creator, the late Eric Morley.

Dards

The Dards are a group of un-mixed Indo-Aryan people living in Northern Pakistan, Western Jammu & Kashmir, and Eastern Afghanistan who speak the Dardic languages. A very small minority also live in Xinjiang, China and Tajikistan.

Dardic is a geographical phrase, not a ethnic or linguistic one. It is not used by any of its speakers. Dardic languages are mostly Indic, but have a huge amount Iranian loanwords from Pashto, Yidgha, or Ormuri. 

Grupo Telefe

Grupo Telefe (legally Television Federal S.A.) is an Argentine conglomerate dedicated to the production of audiovisual content and the operation of terrestrial television licenses. The company, created in 1989, belongs to the multinational Paramount Global since November 2016.
On December 6, 2012, Telefe presented its voluntary adaptation plan before the Argentinean Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services in order to adapt to the Audiovisual Communication Services Law, where it proposed to put Neuquén channels 7 and 9 up for sale in Bahía Blanca. The plan was approved two years later on December 16, 2014, leaving the two channels for sale. On December 29, 2015, changes were made to several articles of the law (among them Article 45, which indicated that the licensee could not cover with its open media more than 35% of the country's population); as a result of the elimination of the limit percentage of national coverage, Telefe would no longer have the obligation to sell the two channels, being able to keep the 8 channels from the interior in its possession. On February 2, 2016, the National Communications Entity (successor to AFSCA) decided to file all adaptation plans (including Telefe's) as a consequence of this, Telefe no longer has the obligation to sell any of its television channels.

On November 3, 2016, it was announced that the US group Viacom had reached an agreement to buy Telefe and its channels for US$345 million. The purchase was finalized on November 15. The ENACOM approved the transfer of Telefe and its licenses to Viacom on March 30, 2017.

On August 13, 2019, CBS Corporation and Viacom announced that they had reached an agreement to merge their respective business units (including Grupo Telefe) under the umbrella of the former (to be renamed ViacomCBS).The merger was completed on December 4. 

As of February 16, 2022, ViacomCBS was renamed Paramount Global.


Jennifer O'Neill

Jennifer O'Neill (born February 20, 1948) is a Brazilian-born American actress, model, author, and activist. She is known for her modeling and spokesperson career with CoverGirl. She acted in the Oscar-winning 1971 movie "Summer of '42." She also starred in the cult horror movie "Scanners" (1981) and the television series "Cover Up" (1984–85). She has also been active in the anti-abortion-rights movement.

O'Neill was born to a wealthy family in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She was raised in New Rochelle, New York and Wilton, Connecticut. O'Neill went to school at the Dalton School in Manhattan. She got married at age 17.

When she was young, she was an equestrienne and was on the covers of "Vogue", "Cosmopolitan", and "Seventeen", earning $80,000 in 1962.

O'Neill has been married nine times to eight husbands (she married, divorced, and remarried her sixth husband Richard Alan Brown). She has three children from three fathers.



Gloria Romero (actress)

Gloria Romero (; born Gloria Galla; December 16, 1933) is an American-born Filipina actress. She was called the "Queen of Philippine Cinema" in the 1950s. She acted in "Tanging Yaman", "Nagbabagang Luha" and "Dalagang Ilocana". She played Imelda Marcos in the biopic movie "Iginuhit ng Tadhana".

David R. Nagle

David Ray "Dave" Nagle (born April 15, 1943) is an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives. He represented Iowa's 3rd congressional district from 1987 to 1993. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Nagle was born in Grinnell, Iowa. He was the Chair of the Iowa Democratic Party from 1982 to 1985. 

Nagle ran for the U.S. House of Representatives again, but he lost the Democratic nomination. He tried to run for the U.S. Senate, but quit after he was arrested for public intoxication in 1998.

Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services

The Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services (, AFSCA) was an Argentine state agency. It was created by the Audiovisual Communication Services Law as the authority in charge of enforcing law.

The entity began its activities on December 10, 2009. It was established by presidential decree 1525/2009. Martín Sabbatella was appointed as its president, at the head of a board of directors made up of parliamentarians from the three main blocks, representatives of the universities and of the Federal Council.

On December 23, 2015, the AFSCA was intervened by the President Mauricio Macri. This was through a decision challenged before the Justice. On December 30, 2015, the Chief of Staff Marcos Peña announced that President Macri had sanctioned a decree of necessity and urgency. The number was not specified. In addition, the date was not published in the Official Gazette, which provided for the elimination of the AFSCA and its merger with the AFTIC. This led to a new public body called the National Communications Entity (ENACOM). 

On January 4, 2016, the decree of necessity and urgency 267/2015 signed on December 29, 2015, announced by the Chief of Staff, was published in the Official Gazette.

The AFSCA was led by a seven-member board, consisting of the following:


SponsorBlock

SponsorBlock is a free and open-source browser extension that skips segments of YouTube videos. Users make them, which other users can vote on. It is recommended on Firefox's add-on store. , it has over 175,000 downloads on Firefox and over 600,000 downloads on Google Chrome.

Only sponsorships could be skipped until more categories (such as self-promotion or intermissions) were added in June 2020. An update in January 2022 added support for marking whole videos as sponsorships.

Users submit segments of videos and choose a category for them. Those segments are automatically skipped. When a segment is skipped, a small pop-up appears for a few seconds to allow the user to vote on it or "unskip" it. The number of segments each user has submitted and skipped is tracked.

The extension was on Mozilla's Extension Spotlight on July 21, 2020, and is the highest rated recommended Firefox extension.

Willy Hamerslag

Willy "Wil" Hamerslag, often only referred to only by her surname Hamerslag (born 1900s) was a Dutch athletics competitor in the 1920s, specialized in the high jump and long jump. She was a member of Hygiëa, The Hague.

Hamerslag won multiple medals at national championships. She became 1925 national champion in the long jump with 4.885 metres. At the same championships she finished second in the athletics’ triathlon and third in the high jump. 

In 1927 she became the first official national record holder in the high jump with a height of 1.395 meter.

In September 1927 she became Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres together with Nici Mür, Martha Kolthof and Nettie Grooss with a time of 55 seconds.


Cadenberge

Cadenberge (in High German, in Low Saxon: Cumbarg) is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2016, the former municipality Geversdorf is part of Cadenberge.

Land Hadeln

Land Hadeln is a place in Northern Germany. It is a historic landscape and used to be an administrative district. Its seat is in Otterndorf on the Lower Elbe, the lower reaches of the Elbe River, in the Elbe-Weser Triangle between the estuaries of the Elbe and Weser rivers.



Cajundome

The Cajundome is a 13,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Lafayette, Louisiana. The Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns men's and women's basketball programs play there. University events and commencement ceremonies including high school graduations also happen there.

East New York

East New York is an American drama television series created by William Finkelstein &
Mike Flynn. It is set to premiere on CBS on October 2, 2022.

East New York follows Regina Haywood, the newly promoted police captain of East New York, an impoverished, working class neighborhood at the eastern edge of Brooklyn. She leads a diverse group of officers and detectives, some of whom are reluctant to deploy her creative methods of serving and protecting during the midst of social upheaval and the early seeds of gentrification.


Tanging Yaman

Tanging Yaman (International Title: A Change of Heart) is a 2000 Filipino family drama movie directed by Laurice Guillen and starring Gloria Romero, Dina Bonnevie, Edu Manzano, Johnny Delgado, Joel Torre, Marvin Agustin, Hilda Koronel. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Universo (TV network)

Universo is an American television channel.

A.k.a. Cartoon

a.k.a. Cartoon is a Canadian animation studio located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was founded on April 1, 1994, by Danny Antonucci.


The Brothers Grunt

The Brothers Grunt is an adult animated comedy television series. It originally aired from August 15, 1994, to April 9, 1995, on MTV.

The main characters were named after famous crooners of the 1950s: Frank (Sinatra), Tony (Bennett), Dean (Martin), Bing (Crosby), Sammy (Davis Jr.), and Perry (Como), all voiced by Maurice LaMarche.


Note: "All episodes directed by Danny Antonucci"

These episodes are unreleased, but have been uploaded to YouTube in June 2019 by YouTube user Oecobius33. Three of these episodes might have been produced, but are currently unconfirmed.


Lupo the Butcher

Lupo the Butcher is a 1987 Canadian animated short comedy movie. It was directed and written by Danny Antonucci.

Cartoon Sushi

Cartoon Sushi is an adult-animation showcase program that aired on MTV from 1997 to 1998. It was made by Eric Calderon and produced by Nick Litwinko. 















by Magnus Carlsson

Vincent Adewoye

Vincent Dimeji Adewoye (born 23 May 2000) is a Nigerian cricketer. He played the Twenty20 Internationals for Nigeria. His first Twenty20 International match was in May 2019. This game was against Kenya.

El Nueve

Channel 9, known by its brand name El Nueve (stylized as elnueve) is an Argentine television station that broadcasts from the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. The station was inaugurated on June 9, 1960.


Isle of Beauty, Isle of Splendour

Isle of Beauty, Isle of Splendour is the national anthem of Dominica. The words were written and the music were both made in 1967. It became the national anthem in 1978.

<poem>
Isle of beauty, isle of splendour,
Isle to all so sweet and fair,
All must surely gaze in wonder
At thy gifts so rich and rare.
Rivers, valleys, hills and mountains,
All these gifts we do extol.
Healthy land, so like all fountains,
Giving cheer that warms the soul.
Dominica, God hath blest thee
With a clime benign and bright,
Pastures green and flowers of beauty
Filling all with pure delight,
And a people strong and healthy,
Full of godly reverent fear.
May we ever seek to praise Thee
For these gifts so rich and rare.
Come ye forward, sons and daughters
Of this gem beyond compare.
Strive for honour, sons and daughters,
Do the right, be firm, be fair.
Toil with hearts and hands and voices.
We must prosper! Sound the call,
In which everyone rejoices,
"All for Each and Each for All."
</poem>

ENACOM

The National Communications Entity (, mostly known by its acronym ENACOM) is the national communications and media regulator of Argentina. Created in 2016 by presidential decree, it is in charge of complying with the Law 26,522 on Audiovisual Communication Services and Law 27,078 Argentina Digital —known as the Telecommunications Law—, until then the responsibility of AFSCA and AFTIC.

On December 23, 2015, President Mauricio Macri intervened by decree the Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services (AFSCA) and the Federal Authority for Information and Communication Technologies (AFTIC). The judge in Administrative Litigation of La Plata, Luis Arias, granted a precautionary measure to avoid the intervention of the entities.

List of national anthems by language

This is a list of national anthems by the language(s) they are most commonly sung in.

Below are anthems that are sung in more than one language most of the time. It does not include countries like Canada, Finland or Switzerland, where the national anthem has official lyrics in many languages but is only sung in one most of the time.

Derek Charke

Derek Charke (; born 1974) is a Canadian classical composer and flutist.

Derek Charke has been working as a composer for film and television since the early 1990s. In that time he has written more than 100 film and television scores which have been broadcast worldwide.

When at home in Toronto, Ontario, Derek was busy as a session player, arranger, producer and flutist which ultimately led to his work as a composer for film and television in 1994. The diversity of his craft offered him the opportunity to compose for a variety of programming including animation, documentaries, comedy and drama. In the animation world, he worked extensively with Danny Antonucci both while at 20th Century Fox and later when Antonucci started his own studio - a.k.a. Cartoon. It was for the studio that he composed the score for the animated series "The Brothers Grunt" that aired on MTV. Later, he wrote all of the music for another a.k.a. Cartoon production, Cartoon Network’s "Ed, Edd n Eddy". Additionally, he has composed music for popular TV series including "The Outer Limits" (Showtime/SyFy), "The Dead Zone" (USA Network), "Wildfire" (ABC Family), "These Arms of Mine" (CBC) and "Kink" (Showcase), among several others. Patric Caird also has an extensive career in feature film composition. In 2000, his music for film garnered him a Genie Award (Canada's Oscar) for the Infinity Features film "Here's to Life!" with Kim Hunter, James Whitmore and Ossie Davis. His film credits also include the film "Dead Heat" with Kiefer Sutherland, Ann Marie Fleming's "The French Guy" (Park City Film Music Festival Gold Medal) and National Lampoon's "Going the Distance" among others. In 2014, Patric Caird composed the score for the Fox series "Rake" starring Greg Kinnear. Patric Caird continues to compose for film, television, theater and new media.
In 2012, Derek Charke won the Juno Award for Classical Composition of the Year for his work, "Sepia Fragments." The following year Charke's work, "Between the Shore and the Ships" received an ECMA for Classical Composition of the Year. Derek's compositions increasingly pair electroacoustic elements—many of which are derived from environmental sounds—with acoustic instruments. Ecological sound as an artistic statement on environmental issues has become an impetus for many works, and his interest in the Arctic has like-wise played a role in many of his compositions. His music bridges a divide between this play of pure sound, collecting natural and environmental sound, and a continuation of the Western "classical" tradition—albeit with contemporary and popular influences.
Derek Charke earned his bachelor's degree in composition at the University of North Texas, a master's degree in composition from the Royal Academy of Music, a master's degree in flute and a doctorate degree in composition from the University at Buffalo. While at Buffalo he studied composition with David Felder and flute with Cheryl Gobbetti Hoffman. Previous composition teachers included Louis Andriessen, Steve Martland and Cindy McTee.
Charke is an associate professor of music theory and composition at Acadia University School of Music in Nova Scotia, Canada. Charke is also co-director of the Acadia New Music Society, and he actively performs as both a soloist and new music improvisor on the flute. In addition to his responsibilities as a full professor at Acadia University, Charke is an associate composer of the Canadian Music Centre (CMC).
To date, Charke has got many awards and commissions, including a BMI student composer award for his work "Xynith", the Outstanding Undergraduate Award in Composition from the University of North Texas, and an honorable mention from the Kubik Prize for his composition "What do the Birds Think?" Charke has been commissioned by ensembles such as Duo Turgeon, the Kronos Quartet, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra, and the St. Lawrence String Quartet. Dr. Charke and his wife currently live in Kentville, Nova Scotia.


Dwayne Hill

Dwayne Hill (born June 5, 1966) is a Canadian voice actor. In 2009, he was nominated for two Gemini Awards, one in the solo category for "Grossology", the other, which he won, was for best ensemble in "Atomic Betty". Overall, he has voiced over 20 animated series, playing hundreds of voices as well as voicing over 100 commercials each year. One of his most recent roles is Cat in the PBS animated series "Peg + Cat" Super Stadium Worldand Braceface which was nominated for an Emmy Award among the best performances in animated series.
His biggest on-camera roles include playing Coach Carr in "Mean Girls", "The Safety of Objects" which premiered at the 2001 Toronto International Film Festival, and "The Truth About the Head", which won 3 awards at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival including the Kodak short film award. Dwayne has appeared in over 100 commercials, including the Bud Light spot "Mr. Silent Killer Gas Passer" for the "Real Men of Genius" campaign, which won a Gold Clio in Cannes. From 1997-2003, Hill played "Mr. Voiceman", the off-camera announcer on the YTV game show "Uh Oh!".


Rob Tinkler

Robert Tinkler is a Canadian voice actor.

He provides voices for a number of cartoons and anime shows. He voiced Max in "The Adventures of Sam & Max: Freelance Police", Delete in the children's animated series "Cyberchase", Pelswick Eggert in Pelswick, and Howie in "Almost Naked Animals".

In anime, he provides the voice of Crimson Rubeus in the DIC Entertainment dub of "Sailor Moon", Gingka Hagane, the main protagonist in "", Athrun Zala in the Ocean Studios dub of "Mobile Suit Gundam SEED" and Brooklyn Masefield in "Beyblade G-Revolution". In feature films, he voiced Buddy in "The Nut Job".


Patricia Bullrich

Patricia Bullrich (born June 11, 1956) is an Argentine politician who is a candidate for President of Argentina in the 2023 election. She chairs the Republican Proposal (PRO) party. She was a deputy for the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires in the periods 1993-1997 and 2007-2015, Minister of Social Security between October and December 2001 and Minister of Security of Argentina between 2015 and 2019.

Following the election of Mauricio Macri to the presidency on 22 November 2015, it was announced that Bullrich had been nominated the Minister of Security of Argentina.

She finished high school in 1975. She wanted to become a sociologist and a lawyer, until finally in 2001 she graduated with a degree in Humanities and Social Sciences with an orientation in Communication from the University of Palermo. In 2009 she obtained a Master's degree in Political Science and a Doctorate in Political Science from the University of San Martín (UNSAM).

Stuart Stone

Stuart Stone (born Stuart Eisenstein) is a Canadian film, television, and voice actor as well as a producer of television, film and music. He is best known for his roles as Ronald Fisher in the 2001 cult film, "Donnie Darko", and Ralphie Tennelli on "The Magic School Bus" animated television series from 1994 to 1997. Stone has also toured as a comedian and rapper.


Adam Greydon Reid

Adam Greydon Reid (born April 27, 1972) is a Canadian actor, writer, producer and director.


Julie Lemieux

Julie Lemieux (born December 4, 1962) is a Canadian voice actress and comedian.
Lemieux has provided the voice for characters such as Sammy Tsukino in "Sailor Moon", young Darien Shields in "Sailor Moon R: The Movie", and Peruru in "Sailor Moon SuperS: The Movie". 

She has also played Funshine Bear in "Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot" and "The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie". She was also the voice of Dumpty in "Polka Dot Shorts" and Rupert Bear in the animated TV series of the same name. Lemieux also acted as Warren in "Monster by Mistake" and Toby of the new anime production "Pandalian". 

She has recently worked on the television series "What It's Like Being Alone"; She has voiced Hunter Steele in the English version of "Spider Riders", Ikki in "Medabots Spirits", and Wilbur the Calf in "Wilbur". 

She is also the voice for Renee in the TV series "Jacob Two-Two", Mariah Wong in the English anime version of "Beyblade", Runo in "Bakugan Battle Brawlers", Antique Annie in "Producing Parker", Louise in "Max & Ruby", Bounce in "Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends", Chance Happening in "Grojband", Clancy in "Julius Jr.", Greta in "Detentionaire", Bud Compson in "Arthur", Oona in "Curious Minds", Fuzzy Snuggums in "Spliced", Dabs Looman in "Skatoony", Granny Butternut in "Numb Chucks", Cali in "PAW Patrol", Josee and Kelly in "Total Drama Presents: The Ridonculous Race", and Flo in "Total DramaRama".


Peter Keleghan

Peter Keleghan is a Canadian actor and writer, perhaps best known for portraying Ben Bellow in the comedy series "18 to Life", Clark Claxton Sr. in the comedy series "Billable Hours" and Ranger Gord in "The Red Green Show".
Keleghan was born in Montreal, Quebec. He earned his BA in English Drama from York University in Toronto, Ontario.
Keleghan is married to actress Leah Pinsent.


Alyson Court

Alyson Stephanie Court (born November 9, 1973) is a Canadian actress.

Beginning her career as a child actress, her first role was on the series "Mr. Dressup" (1984–1994) and she made her film debut in "" (1985). Court continued to appear in educational productions, landing the lead role of Loonette the Clown on the series "The Big Comfy Couch" (1992–2002).

As a voice actress, Court has appeared in several animated series. She is mostly known as Lydia Deetz in "Beetlejuice", Jubilee in "X-Men", Nazz and May Kanker in "Ed, Edd n Eddy", Burrito in "Eckhart" and Willa in "Curious Minds". She was also the original voice of Claire Redfield in the "Resident Evil" franchise, voicing the character for all of her appearances from "Resident Evil 2" (1998) to "Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City" (2012).


Stephanie Morgenstern

Stephanie Morgenstern (born December 10, 1965) is a Canadian actress, filmmaker, and screenwriter for television and film. 

She has worked on stage, film, and television in both English and French. Her most widely seen roles have been "The Sweet Hereafter, Maelström, Julie and Me" and "Forbidden Love".

Morgenstern is also known by anime fans as the voice of Sailor Venus in the DIC Entertainment English dub of "Sailor Moon" in the first few seasons as well as the movies. She also voiced the role of Regina of Dino Crisis 1 en Dino Crisis 2 of the famous franchise of Capcom.


Mark Rendall

Mark Rendall (born October 21, 1988) is a Canadian film, television and voice actor.

His roles include the lead in the 2004 movie, "Childstar" and Mick in season 1 of the Canadian television drama series "ReGenesis". He played Bastian Bux in the TV series, "Tales from the Neverending Story", and the title character in "The Interrogation of Michael Crowe".
He has also done voice work for the television series "Jane and the Dragon" and "Time Warp Trio", and starred in the popular PBS Kids TV series "Arthur" (seasons 7–8; season 6 redub). Recently, Rendall has appeared in several Hollywood films.

KBS America

KBS America is a Korean TV channel in the US.

Discovery Familia

Discovery Familia is an American Spanish-language family-oriented specialty television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery. The network launched on August 9, 2007.

The channel airs preschool-intended programming, programming for kids from 6 a.m to 11 a.m and family-oriented adult programming from 11 a.m to 6 a.m ET/PT.

As of February 2015, approximately 5.8 million American households (or 5% of households with television) receive Discovery Familia.


Saigon Broadcasting Television Network

SBTN is a Vietnamese channel in the US.

Shakuhachi meets Pena

Shakuhachi meets Pena is a musical composition and performance. It is a mixture of the performances of the traditional Japanese musical instrument Shakuhachi and the traditional Meitei musical instrument Pena. It is a maiden collaboration of traditional music between the two nations, India and Japan. It was performed by Motonaga Hiramu of Japan and Mayanglambam Mangangsana with his daughter Mangka Mayanglambam of Laihui, Imphal. It was performed at "The Giving Tree", Sangaiprou, Imphal West on the 28 November 2016. It was performed on the last day of a 3 day workshop on Shakuhachi conducted as a part of the "Manipur Japan Summit 2016". It was organised by the "Laihui" in collaboration with the Art Heals Trust, Imphal, Manipur and the The Japan Foundation, New Delhi.

According to Motonaga Hiromu, both Shakuhachi and Pena (musical instrument) have their own traditional styles of playing and they need to create something new to represent the traditional Meitei music. He further said that it took his team 7 continuous days to bring out their collaborative performance.

Mangka Mayanglambam said that it took her 5 days in learning the Japanese lullaby "Komori Uta" completely. Motonaga Hiromu gave her the Japanese lyrics in Latin script. However, her pronunciations differ and Motonaga Hiromu corrected her everyday. Both Hiromu and Mangka concluded that the tonal vibrations of "Komori Uta", the Japanese lullaby were very much similar to the Manipuri language lullaby named ""Tha Tha Thabungton"".

Enchantment (1921 movie)

Enchantment is a 1921 American romantic comedy movie directed by Robert G. Vignola and starring Marion Davies, Forrest Stanley, Corinne Barker, Maude Turner Gordon, Huntley Gordon, Edith Shayne. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jaroslav Škarvan

Jaroslav Škarvan (3 April 1944 – 21 June 2022) was a Czechoslovak handball player. He competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal. He was born in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia.

Škarvan died on 21 June 2022, aged 78.


Vladimir Zelenko

Vladimir (Zev) Zelenko (1973 – June 30, 2022) was a Ukrainian-American physician, writer and conspiracy theorist. He was known for promoting a three-drug combination of hydroxychloroquine, zinc sulfate, and azithromycin as treatment for COVID-19. He also spread misinformation about the COVID-19 vaccination.

Zelenko died on June 30, 2022 at age 48, from cancer in New York City.

Alternate Prime Minister of Israel

The alternate prime minister of Israel () is the "de facto" deputy of the prime minister of Israel and the second highest ranking cabinet minister. His job is to replace the prime minister of Israel in a rotation government.

A Kiss in the Dark (1925 movie)

A Kiss in the Dark is a 1925 American silent comedy movie directed by Frank Tuttle and was based on the novel by Frederick Lonsdale. It stars Adolphe Menjou, Aileen Pringle, Lillian Rich, Ann Pennington, Kenneth MacKenna, Zeppo Marx and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Rosita (Sesame Street)

Rosita is a Muppet character on the children's television series "Sesame Street". Fluent in both American English and Mexican Spanish, she is the first regular bilingual Muppet on the show. Rosita comes from Mexico and likes to play the guitar.

Rosita was originally designed to look similar to a fruit bat and bore the name Rosita, La Monstrua de las Cuevas ("the monster of the caves"). However, her wings were removed in 2004 (the show's 35th season), but reinstated in 2021 (in the show’s 52nd season). She wears a ribbon in her hair, but in difference to Zoe she only wears one instead of two.

Rosita was introduced to the series in 1991.

Count von Count

Count von Count (known simply as the Count) is a mysterious but friendly vampire, Muppet on the long-running PBS/HBO children's television show "Sesame Street" who is meant to parody Bela Lugosi's portrayal of Count Dracula. He first appeared on the show in the Season 4 premiere in 1972, counting blocks in a sketch with Bert and Ernie.

Tjahjo Kumolo

Tjahjo Kumolo (1 December 1957 – 1 July 2022) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Minister of Administrative and Bureaucratic Reform from 2019 until his death. He also was the Minister of Home Affairs in President Joko Widodo's cabinet from 2014 to 2019. Kumolo was also a member of the People's Representative Council from 1987 to 1997 and again from 1999 to 2004. Kumolo was born in Surakarta, Indonesia.

Kumolo died on 1 July 2022 at a hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia at the age of 64.

Grandma's Boy (1922 movie)

Grandma's Boy is a 1922 American silent family comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Anna Townsend, Dick Sutherland, Noah Young, Charles Stevenson.


Bert and Ernie

Bert and Ernie are two Muppet characters who appear together in numerous skits on the long-running PBS/HBO children's television show, "Sesame Street". Originated by Frank Oz and Jim Henson, the characters are currently performed by puppeteers Eric Jacobson and Peter Linz; Oz performed Bert until 2006.

Arden Cho

Arden Lim Cho (born August 16, 1985) is an American actress, singer and model. She is best known for her role as Kira Yukimura on "Teen Wolf". 

Richard Hunt (puppeteer)

Richard Hunt (August 17, 1951 – January 7, 1992) was an American puppeteer. 

He is best known as a Muppet performer on "Sesame Street", "The Muppet Show", "Fraggle Rock", and other projects for The Jim Henson Company. His roles on "The Muppet Show" included Scooter, Statler, Janice, Beaker, and Sweetums and characters on Sesame Street include Gladys the Cow, Don Music, and Forgetful Jones.

Longeville

Longeville () is a commune. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Doubs department in eastern France.

As the name suggests, Longeville is a long, narrow village It is the highest commune in the canton.

The Capusin and Mont Belvoir slopes, which are 850m high, dominate the valley of the Loue River.

Cheese production is an important industry, especially Comté. Comté is a hard cheese made of cow's milk. It is similar to Gruyère.



Onans

Onans () is a commune. It is in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region which is in eastern France.


Henk Blok

Henk Blok (born 4 January 1922) is a former Dutch volleyball coach.

Blok was for almost 40 years coach of the men’s and later women’s national volleybal team.

In 1946 he graduated from the Sport Academy in The Hague and started working there as a teacher. He was trainer in athletics, basketball and volleyball. The volleyball group got the name “Celebes”, after the street name were two of his pupils lived. In 1940 the volleyball club was founded under that name. In this team were among others , Jan van Zweeden, Rinus van Zweeden and Henny de Ruijter.

The men’s teams were unbeaten, but at the time there was not a national competition. After the Dutch national volleyball federation, Nederlandse Volleybalbond, was founded in 1948 the women’s team started winning prizes. The team became in the second year (1949) national champion. The women’s became again national champion in 1955, 1956, 1958 and 1959. The team also played internationally, including to Moscow in 1962 during the Cold War. In later year, when Blok still had an assisting role, the team became national champion in 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1969 and 1972 (the later two under new club name Haag ’68).

Blok was head coach for almost 15 years of the Netherlands women's national volleyball team until between 1949 and 1963.

After being coach of the women’s, Blok became in 1963 head coach of the Netherlands men's national volleyball team and stopped coaching the women’s national team. The national team became West-European Champion in Brussels. With this result the team also qualified for the 1964 Summer Olympics where volleyball was played for the first time. Blok pointed out that volleyball was not professional enough to come to world class achievements.

After a disappoint 1967 European championships he stopped as head coach in 1968.

In 1970 he received a medal of honor from the Dutch volleyball federation.

Blok was born on 4 January 1922 in Statenkwartier, The Hague, as the second of four children. His father was teacher and his women house wife. When he was young he did fencing and boxing. During World War II he has to leave his home as the Germans occupied the area. With having a Student card he didn’t had to move to Germany. Near the end of the war he moved to Sleeuwijk with an illegal document, with false SS stamps. He helps distributing food from Biesbosch farmer to Gorinchem. After the war he moved back to The Hague, where he graduated in 1946 and became teacher. In 1958 he married to Annet, a student he met when he was teacher at the Sports Academy. They had three children (son Michiel, and dochters Marlie and Dorien) and eight grand children. He retired in 1987. In November 2021, at the age of 99, he gave his last interview.

Newspaper articles about Blok — via Delpher

64 Zoo Lane

64 Zoo Lane is an American children's cartoon animated series. It was created by An Vrombaut. The series is made by the American animation Studio Millimages and the American-based Zoo Lane Productions. The Itsy Bitsy Entertainment Company worked on Series 1 and 2.






<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


BMX Bandits (movie)

BMX Bandits is a 1983 Australian American action adventure comedy movie directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Nicole Kidman (in her debut), Bryan Marshall, David Argue, Angelo D'Angelo. It was distributed by Filmways Australasian Distributors.


List of Sierra Leone Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Sierra Leone Twenty20 International cricketers.

Sphaenorhynchus canga

Sphaenorhynchus canga is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

The adult male frog is 26.2–30.2 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a white line from each eye all the way to its rear end. It has a dark line from its nose to past the eye. The skin on the frog's back is light green in color. It has dark brown spots on its body. It has lighter brown spots on all four legs. There are shining lines on its face and the sides of its body. The belly is light green. Its skin is partially see-through: A person can look through its skin and see the muscles and green bones underneath. The iris of the eye is gold in color with brown marks.

Scientists have seen this frog in permanent bodies of water and semi-permanent bodies of water. Sometimes, people see it in temporary bodies of water. The male frog sings for the female frog while sitting on plants that float on the water.

Scientists have seen this frog on ironstone rocks that stick out. These places are called "canga."

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – triathlon

The triathlon events at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium. It was the first time of a combined track and field event at the Women's World Games. The triathlon event consisted on 100 metres, high jump and javelin throw competitions. The event concluded on 8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the thriathlon event.

On 8 September, after all three the events.

Músc mac Conaire

Músc mac Conaire was a legendary Irish prince who probably ruled parts of Munster in the 2nd century AD. He was the son of High King Conaire Cóem and Sariad ingen Conn.

Conaire Cóem

Conaire Cóem was a legendary Gaelic king who ruled the Irish and Scots. He reigned, according to the later historian Geoffrey Keating, from 136 to 143, and from 150 to 164 according to scholar George Buchanan. Conaire was the son of Mug Láma and the husband of Sariad ingen Conn, the daughter of Conn of the Hundred Battles.

1930 Women's World Games

The 1930 Women's World Games (Czech and Slovak III Ženské Světové Hry v Praze, French 3è Jeux Féminins Mondiaux ) were the third regular international Women's World Games, the tournament was held between September 6 - September 8 at the Letná Stadium in Prague.

The games were organized by the Fédération Sportive Féminine Internationale under Alice Milliat as a response to the IOC decision to include only a few women's events in the 1928 Olympic Games. The games attended an audience of 20,000 spectators.

The tournament was opened with an olympic style ceremony on 6 September 1930 at the Letná Stadium. The ceremony was attended by 20,000 spectators. It was bad weather with rain during the ceremony. The opening ceremony started with the parade of nations where the seventeen nations walked into the stadium. United Kingdom led the way, followed by the other countries in order of the czech alphabet. The teams were welcomed by Svagrovsky, the third chairman of the Fédération Sportive Féminine Internationale. Then there was a speech by the first mayor of Prague. After the speaches, thousands of carrier pigeons were released. There was a dance performance by 2000 youngsters, with loud enthusiasm from the audience.


In a source of the Czech Association for Olympic and Sport Philately also the sports shooting (4 and 6mm rifle, shooting from a 6mm pistol), Kayak and Swedish canoe races are listed as sports of the Games.

The games were attended by 200 participants from 17 nations. A special commemorative medal was issued for the participants.

Next to the above listed nations, the United States competed in the basketball America Zone tournament but didn’t qualify for the final.


Mug Láma

Mug Láma, (Anglicised as Mogald and Mogold) was a legendary king of Scots who ruled in the Ulaid. According to the 16th-century humanist scholar George Buchanan he succeeded Lughaid Allathach and ruled from 114 to 150.

Zishan Shah

Zishan Shah was born on 1 October 1987 in Brøndby. He is a cricketer from Denmark. He played for that country in a tournament in 2005.

Desmond Elliot

Desmond Elliot was born on the 4 of February 1974, he is a movie actor from Nigeria and also a movie director and politician. Elliot who has acted in more than two hundred films and many television programs, won the best-supporting actor in a drama at the 2nd Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards and was also selected for the best-supporting actor at the 10th Africa Movie Academy Awards 

Yesterdays (Guns N' Roses song)

"Yesterdays" is the third song on the Guns N' Roses album Use Your Illusion II. It was written by Axl Rose, West Arkeen, Del James and Billy McCloud. The song is also on the band’s 2004 compilation Greatest Hits. There is a Vegas version on the album Live Era '87–'93. The song ended up at number eight on the UK Singles Chart and at number 72 on the US BillboardHot 100.

Yemen national under-17 football team

The Yemen national under-17 football team is a team of football players under 17 from Yemen. The team is controlled by the Yemen Football Association and played in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Finland.

Willoughby Gray

John Willoughby Gray MBE was born on 5 November 1916. He died on 13 February 1993. He was an English actor on television and in movies. He is best known for playing Sir John Stevens in "Howards' Way".

Rashidi Yekini

Rashidi Yekini (23 October 1963 – 4 May 2012) was a Nigerian professional footballer who played as a forward. He is the all-time top goalscorer for his nation. He was widely considered as one of the best football players in Africa. 

His professional career, which lasted for more than 20 years, was mainly with Vitória de Setúbal in Portugal, but he also played in six other countries besides his own.

Yekini scored 37 goals as a Nigerian international footballer, and represented the nation in seven big tournaments, including two World Cups where he scored the country's first-ever goal in the competition. He was also named the African Footballer of the Year in 1993.

Wife Number Two

Wife Number Two is a 1917 American silent drama movie. It was directed and written by William Nigh. The movie starred Valeska Suratt. It was the second to last silent movie that Suratt acted in. The movie is lost. That means no one can watch it or find any copies of it.

Enoch Adeboye

Enoch Adejare Adeboye was born on 2nd of March 1942, He is a Nigerian pastor, General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God in Lagos. Enoch Adejare Adeboye was born to a small village in Ifewara, near Ife, in Osun State, Nigeria. He was born into a very poor family background.

Terri Hawkes

Teresa Anne "Terrie" Hawkes (born May 11, 1958) is a Canadian actress and writer.


Susan Roman

Susan Roman (born April 12, 1957) is a Canadian voice actress and voice director, best known for voice acting the role of Lita/Sailor Jupiter in the Canada DiC (and later Cloverway/CWi) dub of the anime, "Sailor Moon". She is one of the few voice actors to remain throughout the entire run of the Sailor Moon series.


Torrey DeVitto

Torrey Devitto is an American actress and musician. She plays Natalie Manning on NBC Chicago Med.

Foluke Adeboye

Foluke Adeboye was born on the 13th of July,1948. She is a wife to Enoch Adeboye. She was a child of the family of Jacob Adelusi Adeyokunnu, Ayeyokunnu was a prince of the kings family of Owa Obokun Oji in Ijeshaland, Osun State, Nigeria. Her father wasof the kings race. He was also a teacher in the Methodist mission and a Christian questioner. She is the oldest of six girls and four boys in the family.

Frndly TV

Frndly TV is an American television network.

Tony Daniels

Tony Daniels (born January 23, 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian voice actor.
He is well known for providing the voices of Uncle Flippy in "JoJo's Circus", as well as Jadeite and Wiseman in the original English dub of "Sailor Moon". He is also known for the voice of Gambit in "X-Men: The Animated Series" and "Marvel vs. Capcom" series. Daniels also provides voices for CBC Television and CBC News Network and appeared on camera in shows and films including "Code Name: Eternity", "Gracie's Choice", "Get Ed", and "Eerie, Indiana: The Other Dimension".

In the mid-2010s, he moved to New York City, however, he still does voice acting for Canadian productions.


Betty Cohen

Betty Susan Cohen (born July 27, 1956) is an American businesswoman and media executive. She is best known as the founder and original president of Cartoon Network from 1992 to 2001.
Cohen lives in New York City, New York.


Cartoon Cartoons

Cartoon Cartoons is a collective name used by Cartoon Network for their original animated television series originally aired between 1995 and 2003.


Diegetic music

Diegetic music or source music is a form of music in movies and dramas. It is when the audience hears the same thing the characters hear. In storytelling, it is called diegesis. Non-diegetic music is when the characters cannot hear the music. Diegetic sound can include noises of objects or voices in the story. 

Diegetic music is common in movies. The characters in a film hear something and the audience hears the same thing. If a character in the film turns on a CD player and listens to music and the audience hears it, this is called diegetic. In the film "Titanic", a string quartet plays music while the ship is sinking. The people on the ship hear the music and the audience hears the music. In "Apocalypse Now", helicopters are raiding a village. The leading colonel turns on a loud stereo with the music The Ride of the Valkyries by Richard Wagner. The soldiers hear this music and the audience hear it too. When Marty Mcfly plays his guitar in "Back to the Future", both the characters in the film and the viewers hear it. Marty plays music from the future. The listeners in the film do not know the music, but the music is still diegetic. 

There are variations to diegetic music. One is "metadiagetic" sound. These are sounds the characters imagine. The sounds are not heard in the surrounding reality. This is not that common in films. An example is in "Amadeus" (1984). Composer Antonio Salieri, played by F. Murray Abraham is reading music composed by Mozart and the audience hears what Salieri imagines in his head. There is no actual orchestra present in the scene playing the music. 

There is also "cross-over diegesis." This is when the music goes from diegetic to non-diegetic. "Non-diegetic" music is not heard by the audience. In "Star Wars", most of the score is "non-diegetic" orchestra work that John Williams composed. The music may describe characters or scenes like Leia's Theme or the Imperial March. However, only the audience hears this music. 

In musical theatre diegetic music has the same meaning. It is music in the narrative of the story. This is not necessarily when characters sing and are unaware. However, it is when there is a song literarily in the plot. For instance, in the "Sound of Music" the song Edelweiss is diegetic. Captain von Trapp is performing it in the story for others in the story.

FIFA 22

FIFA 22 is a 2021 association football simulation video game in Electronic Arts' "FIFA" series created by EA Vancouver and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the Playstation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Series S, Nintendo Switch, Google Stadia and Microsoft Windows.

2022 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2022 Atlantic hurricane season was an average season in terms of named storms, but slightly-below average in terms of Accumulated Cyclone Energy points. The season officially began on June 1, 2022, and ended on November 30, 2022. These dates, adopted by convention, historically describe the period each year when most Atlantic tropical cyclones form. The 2022 season was the first season since 2014 not to feature a pre-season storm.

This hurricane traveled from Mexico to Ireland.
This cyclone traveled from Cape Verde through the pacific Ocean

Carmen Osbahr

Carmen Osbahr-Vertiz (born April 21, 1962) is a Mexican-born American puppeteer, singer and voice actress who has performed Rosita in the popular hit children's series Sesame Street, since 1991. Osbahr has also performed Kiki Flores in The Puzzle Place and Lily in Johnny and the Sprites.

From September 8–10, 2017, she was an additional Muppet performer for a live show at the Hollywood Bowl titled The Muppets Take the Bowl, and the following year, she performed in London for The Muppets Take the O2.

Julia (Sesame Street)

Julia is a fictional character on the children's television program "Sesame Street". She is known for being the first "Sesame Street" character with autism.

Ryan Dillon

Ryan Dillon (born May 25, 1988) is an American puppeteer who has played Elmo since 2013, replacing Kevin Clash.

The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo

The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo is an American late-night talk show hosted by the Muppet character Elmo. It is a spin-off of "Sesame Street" and was developed exclusively for the HBO Max streaming service. The series, consisting of 13 episodes, debuted on HBO Max on May 27, 2020. The first three episodes were available at launch, after which new episodes were premiered weekly. Each episode runs for 15 minutes. In March 2021, the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on September 30, 2021, when the show moved to the service's Cartoonito section. However, in August 2022, the series was removed from HBO Max.

The host of the late-night talk show series is the Muppet character Elmo. The American program's main curricular goals are centered around children's bedtime routines, of which each episode demonstrates a different aspect. The Israeli program focuses primarily on long-form, in-depth celebrity interviews, designed to help younger viewers connect with others on a deeper level.

In Southeast Asia, the series is aired through HBO Go and episodes are released alongside their HBO Max releases in the United States. In Canada, the series premiered on Treehouse TV on September 5, 2020. In New Zealand, the series premiered on TVNZ OnDemand on January 8, 2021. The show began airing on Cartoon Network in the United States on January 28, 2022 under the Cartoonito brand.

Sesame Workshop announced the production of an Israeli adaptation of the series, titled "The Talk Show with Elmo" (תוכנית האירוח של אלמו), which is slated to premiere on Hop! Channel in October of the same year. 14 episodes have been produced.

The pilot show was directed by Benjamin Lehmann and was produced in January 2019, and features special guest Kacey Musgraves performing "Rubber Duckie". Full production of the series took place in November and December 2019.

In addition to Musgraves, confirmed guests were Jimmy Fallon, the Jonas Brothers, John Oliver, an uncredited actor Victor Joel Ortiz portraying Batman, Jason Sudeikis, Kwame Alexander, Sara Bareilles, Miles Brown, Ciara, Andy Cohen, Dan + Shay, Josh Groban, Mykal-Michelle Harris, H.E.R., Hoda Kotb, Lil Nas X, Blake Lively, John Mulaney, Pentatonix, Ben Platt, Jonathan Van Ness, Olivia Wilde and Sofia Carson. On March 29, 2021, HBO Max renewed the series for a second season.

"The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo" received positive reviews. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the first season of the show an 81% "fresh" rating based on 16 reviews with an average rating of 7/10. The critical consensus is: "With great guests, fun games, and a lot of silly songs, "The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo" is a fitting bedtime show for tots that parents may even enjoy as well". Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100, assigned a rating score of 70 based on 8 critic reviews, meaning favorable reviews for the first season.

The show has been reviewed by "The Hollywood Reporter", "Variety", "The Week", and Comic Book Resources among others.


Psi Ursae Majoris

Psi Ursae Majoris is a red giant star in the constellation Ursa Major. It is located 145 light years away from the Sun and Earth. It is nearly 20 times larger than the Sun.

Delta Ursae Majoris

Delta Ursae Majoris, also called Megrez, is a white star located in the constellation Ursa Major. It is 1.4 times as wide as the Sun, but 14 times brighter.

Gamma Ursae Majoris

Gamma Ursae Majoris, also called Phad or Phecda, is a white star in the exclusively northern constellation of Ursa Major, with a smaller companion star. The primary white star is 3 times wider than the Sun.

Mizar

Mizar or Zeta Ursae Majoris is a binary star located in the Ursa Major constellation. It is also a companion to the fainter binary star of Alcor. Both are white stars a few times larger than the Sun and are located 83 light years away from the Sun.

Alcor (star)

Alcor or 80 Ursae Majoris is a binary star located in the Ursa Major constellation. It is also a companion to the brighter binary star of Mizar. The main star is a white star a few times larger than the Sun. Alcor is located 83 light years away from the Sun along with Mizar.

36 Ursae Majoris

36 Ursae Majoris is a star, slightly larger and hotter than the Sun, located nearly 42 light years away in the exclusively northern constellation of Ursa Major. It is possible that the star has planets or brown dwarfs orbiting it. 

What Happened to Santiago

Lo que le Pasó a Santiago "("; "English: "What Happened to Santiago")" is a 1989 Puerto Rican drama movie directed by Jacobo Morales (who also stars) and also starring Tommy Muñiz, Gladys Rodríguez, René Monclova, Johanna Rosaly, Roberto Vigoreaux. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1990.


New Looney Tunes

New Looney Tunes, originally titled Wabbit: A Looney Tunes Production in the US and Bugs! in some markets for its first season, is an American animated television series from Warner Bros. Animation based on the characters from "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies". The series debuted on September 21, 2015, on Cartoon Network, and continued with new episodes beginning on October 5, 2015, on Boomerang. Part way through the first season, new episodes would premiere on Boomerang's video on demand service before airing on television.

Blair Tickner

Blair Marshall Tickner was born 13 October 1993 in Napier. He is a New Zealand cricketer who played two One Day Internationals and 8 Twenty20 Internationals for New Zealand. He is set to take over the bowling attack once Neil Wagner retires from international cricket.

Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal

Mohamed Haji Ibrahim Egal (August 15, 1928 – May 3, 2002) was a Somalia politician who served as the President of Somaliland from 1993 to his death in 2002. He previously served as the first Prime Minister of the Somali Republic for eleven days in 1960 and again from 1967 to 1969.

Egal died on May 3, 2002 in Pretoria, South Africa at the age of 73.

Between Rings

Between Rings: The Esther Phiri Story is a 2014 Zambian Finnish documentary co-directed by Jessie Chisi and Salla Sorri and is based on the story about Esther Phiri Zambia's first female boxing champion.

Sanya Dharmasakti

Sanya Dharmasakti (April 5, 1907 – January 6, 2002) was a Thai jurist, university professor and politician. He served as the 12th Prime Minister of Thailand from 1973 to 1975. Sanya Dharmasakti was one of the most influential figures in the politics of Thailand

Dharmasakti died on January 6, 2002 in Bangkok, Thailand at the age of 94.

NCS Group

NCS Group (also known as NCS Pte Ltd or "NCS", previously known as National Computer Systems) is a multinational information technology company headquartered in Singapore. NCS has over 12,000 staff located in more than 20 cities across Asia Pacific.

NCS was founded in 1981 when the Government of Singapore begin to strengthen information technology for both the public and private company.

It was restructured as a commercial entity in 1996 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of SingTel Group in 1997. NCS adopted its current name on 1 November 2003.In 2002, SingTel Aeradio merged with NCS, retaining much of its identity as NCS Communications Engineering (NCS Comms Engg).

In 2008, NCS bought 60% of local rival IT company's shares, Singapore Computer Systems, triggering a buyout of the company.

In 2020, NCS acquires digital services 2359 Media.

In 2005, Chong Yoke Sin became the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). She resigned in 2007 for personal reasons and Lim Eng took over as the CEO.

Lim retired in 2010 and Chief Operating Officer Chia Wee Boon took over as CEO.

On 1 August 2019, the Singtel Group appointed Ng Kuo Pin as the new CEO of NCS after Chia retired stepped down.

On 18 March 2022, Goh Sia Choon Jeffrey (sole Director and shareholder of SC Integrated Engineering Pte Ltd at the material time), Goh Hai Chew Edward (Director of NCS Communications Engineering Pte Ltd at the material time), and Lee Wen Han (Project Director of NCS CE at the material time), were charged in Singapore court for corruption practice. 

In exchange for advancing the SCI’s business interest with NCS CE and its parent company, NCS Group, Jeffrey gave bribe totalling about $96,000 Singapore Dollars in the form of air tickets, hotel stay at Israel, cash money and electronic products to Wen Han and Edward over 19 times between 17 May 2018 and 19 November 2019.

Jeffrey face 19 counts of corruptly giving bribe to Edward and Wen Han in exchange for business interests of SCI with NCS CE and NCS Group. Wen Han and Edward will each face 19 counts of conspiring to corruptly obtain bribe from Jeffrey as an exchange for boosting the business interests.

On 24 March 2020, Teo Joo Tye (Senior Technical Services Manager of NCS Group) and Ngiam Chee Chong (Director of Emersion IT Services Pte Ltd), were charged in Singapore court for corruption practice.

Teo Joo Tye accepted bribery from Ngiam Chee Chong, in exchange for Teo to recommend Emersion as a subcontractor of NCS Group to perform IT infrastructure works, relating to 13 contracts that were awarded to Emersion.

Soh Jun Sheng, a Malaysian desktop engineer from NCS Group, stole technology equipment worthing more than $62,000 in Singapore Dollars from the Info-Communications Media Development Authority (IMDA) while working under NCS Group. When Soh was working at NCS Group, he was deployed to IMDA for providing IT support and issuing laptops to IMDA employees. He was also allowed to access a few secured rooms at IMDA's office.

Soh owes the debt from gambling, and decided to steal technology equipment from IMDA and sell it at Carousell for profits to pay his gambling debt. While working in IMDA office, he stole 30 Lenovo ThinkPad laptops, 6 iPads, 6 Lenovo monitors, 17 docking stations, 80 Lenovo power adaptors, 25 laptop bags, and 32 Lenovo mice from the office. Soh's burglary act at IMDA was later discovered, an IT associate from NCS Group filed a police report and Soh was arrested on 4 June 2018. The police raided his home and office, and found numerous computer devices and accessories, some of which were belongs to Soh.

The IMDA later file a lawsuit against Soh. On 18 February 2019, Soh pleded guilty to 9 counts of criminal act and was sentenced to 2 years of imprisonment.

Esther Goh Tok Mui (Director of Business Development of NCS Pte Ltd at the time) was one of the women involved in the sex for contracts scandal with Peter Lim Sin Pang (commissioner of Singapore Civil Defence Force at the time). Between year 2010 and 2011, Esther Goh Tok Mui provided Lim Sin Pang sexual services or oral sex services in exchange for help in boosting the NCS Pte Ltd's business interests with the SCDF. Goh Tok Mui have sexual intercourse with Lim Sin Pang for a total of 7 times between April and November in 2011, at locations including a car park near to the Singapore Indoor Stadium and a HDB flat locate in Clementi.

Peter Lim Sin Pang was caught and arrested on 4 January 2012 by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau. He was later expelled by SCDF on 31 Aug 2013, and he was sentenced to 6 months of imprisonment for his corruption crime. The contract signed between SCDF and NCS were then reportedly investigated by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Because the incident had exposed, Goh Tok Mui left NCS Pte Ltd and it’s unknown if Goh was expelled or resigned.

On 16 February 2019, the Singapore's Ministry of Health (MOH) released statement stating that there was an error in the computer system, managed by NCS Group, for the Community Health Assist Scheme (CHAS). The error miscalculated the amount of health care aids applicants could receive through means-testing their income information. Thus, around 1,300 people received lower aids and 6,400 people received higher aids. 

The first problem in a result of a CHAS card holder was detected on 24 September 2018 by MOH. NCS Group was informed quickly, which then consider the problem by infrequent network connection problems. Between 9 October 2018 and 2 November 2018, another 5 more error cases were detected and leading into a deeper investigation. In November 2018, NCS Pte Ltd traced the reason of problems to a software version issue used on a server used by the system. The found issue happened during a merging of the system to another government data center in September 2018. The software version issue was resolved to fix an unrelated slow performance issue on 10 October 2018. However, wrong results created between 18 September 2018 and 10 October 2018 stays. 

Corrections were then carried out by MOH and NCS Group to estimate the impact on the affected applicants. MOH would then work with grant scheme administrators and healthcare institutions to follow up with notifications and repayment to the affected applicants. MOH reportedly had the intention to recover costs and expenses due to this incident from NCS Group as allowed in the contract between them.

On 18 October 2022, 9 foreign workers blocked the main entrance of NCS Hub, the company's headquarter in Singapore, and holding up signs protesting against the contractor company they work under for owing salary. Some workers holding signs written "欠債還錢" (owe money pay money) and one of them holds "上海忠記私人有限公司" (Shanghai Chong Kee Pte Ltd). The Singapore Police Force received call for assistance at around 1.50pm and deploy police officers to NCS Hub's entrance, the Ministry of Manpower confirms received alerts to the incident by the police. The NCS Group told the Singapore news media, Lianhe Zaobao, that this incident has nothing to do with NCS Group and claimed that it's a conflict between NCS Group's main contractor Shanghai Chong Kee Pte Ltd, and sub-contractor Zhengda Corporation, and the 9 workers who protested are employees under Zhengda Corporation. According to Zhengda Corporation, Shanghai Chong Kee did not make payment for weeks. The latter has since issued two cheques.

Echota Cherokee

The Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama is one of the nine state recognized native American tribes in Alabama and gained it's State recognition in 1984 in Opelika, Alabama. There are currently 57,896 Echota.

The current Chief of the Echota Cherokee is Emmett Turner. The Vice Chief is Rita Majors.

William A. Shedd, Jr.

Chief Joseph "Two Eagles" Stewart

Chief Thomas "Flying Bear" Hutto

Chief Joseph "Two Eagles" Stewart

Chief Wayne "Black Fox" Rasco

Chief David "Iron Bear" Sanderson

Chief Perry "Blue Wolf" White

Chief Billy "Gray Fox" Shaw

Chief Charlotte "Qua'Li" Hallmark

Chief Stanley "Lame Bear" Trimm

Chief Dennis "Red Stag" Wooten

Chief Rita "Drumgore" Majors

Chief Emmett Turner


The Freshman (1925 movie)

The Freshman is a 1925 American silent comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and Sam Taylor and starring Harold Lloyd, Jobyna Ralston, Brooks Benedict, Hazel Keener, Pat Harmon. It was distributed by Pathé Exchange.


Fran Brill

Fran Brill (born September 30, 1946) is an American retired actress and puppeteer.

There's a Girl in My Soup

There's a Girl in My Soup is a 1970 British romantic comedy movie directed by Roy Boulting and was based on the stage play of the same name. It stars Goldie Hawn, Peter Sellers, Tony Britton, Judy Campbell, Nicky Henson, Diana Dors, Oscar Quitak, Nicola Pagett, Gabrielle Drake, Thorley Walters, Christopher Cazenove and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. 


Nelleke Stuy van der Herik

Nelleke “Nel” Dikshoorn-Stuy van der Herik with surname also written as Stuy van den Herik is a former Dutch volleyball player. She played with AMVJ, Amsterdam and the Netherlands women's national volleyball team.

She was a player on the first Netherlands women's national volleyball team. She represented the Netherlands at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

She has multiple times been praised for her good smashes.

In the late 1940s main volleyball championships and leagues were born. Stuy van der Herik was a player on the early volleyball teams. In 1948 AMVJ became the first Dutch National Champion at the inaugural Dutch Volleyball League. Both AMVJ as the Dutch national team played against one of the United States women's national volleyball teams in their first intercontinental match ever.

She participated at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship, the inaugural European Volleyball Championships. As the national didn’t had at the time their own shirts, they borrowed the shirts of the national basketball team. Two years later she was also part of the team at the 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

After not playing for a while for AMVJ, she was drafted back into the volleyball team from December 1951.

In the later years no main international championships held. During these years she competed with the national team at international invitation matches, including against Belgium in January 1953. and in June 1953

Due to an undesirable altitude at a training of the national team in 1953, she was suspended by the Dutch Volleyball Association for two years, just like six other women and five men. In may 1954 the conflict was resolved and the suspension was lifted. The same month she was called-up for the international match against Belgium. In October 1954 she played at the international volleyball tournament (Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) in Paris. In November 1954 she played with the team against Belgium.

In February 1955 she played against France. Her last call-up for was later in February 1955, in preparation for the match against Belgium.

Where Are Your Children?

Where Are Your Children? is a 1943 American crime movie directed by William Nigh and starring Jackie Cooper, Gale Storm, Patricia Morrison, John Litel, Gertrude Michael, Anthony Warde, Addison Richards, Sarah Edwards, Betty Blythe. It was distributed by Monogram Pictures.

TANS Perú Flight 204

TANS Perú Flight 204 was a flight that crashed on August 23, 2005 near the Peruvian city of Pucallpa. 40 of the 98 people on board were killed.

The accident was the fifth most serious in August 2005, a dark month for commercial aviation, which also included, among others, the tragedies of Helios Airways Flight 522 and West Caribbean Flight 708.

Flight 204, carried out in a Boeing 737, left Lima's Jorge Chávez International Airport at 2:24 p.m. for a 53-minute flight to Pucallpa. At 14:52, the crew began the descent to the Pucallpa airport. 

At that time, the weather conditions began to worsen, preventing a visual approach from being made. Conditions continued to worsen, however the pilots continued with the maneuver. Suddenly the plane entered a heavy hailstorm that caused the pilots to lose situational awareness and fail to abort the maneuver. 

The plane finally crashed and split in two in the middle of the jungle at 15:09, just 5 kilometers from the airport.

40 of the people on the plane died. On board the aircraft were 73 Peruvians, 11 Americans, 4 Italians, 2 Brazilians, 1 Colombian, 1 Spanish and 1 Australian.
Flight 204 has been the subject of a "Reader's Digest" story and an MSNBC documentary. The Canadian TV series, "Air Crash Investigation", has also produced an episode about the accident named "Lack of Vision".

Karim Konaté

Karim Konaté (born 21 March 2004) is an Ivorian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for FC Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays for the Ivory Coast national team.

He started his career in the youth of ASEC Mimosas. In 2020 he became part of the first team. In his first season he scored 7 goals in 18 matches. 2022 he went on to the Austrian Bundesliga team FC Red Bull Salzburg where he signed a contract till 2027 and was loaned to FC Liefering. He made his debut for FC Liefering in July 2022 in the 2nd round of the Second League versus SK Vorwärts Steyr. 

He made his debut for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the away game against WSG Tirol on February 19, 2023. He came on in the 75th minute for Junior Adamu. He scored his first Bundesliga goal in the 85th minute. 

Konaté played his first match for thr Ivory Coast national team in a 0–0 World Cup 2022 qualifikation match against Mozambique on 3 March 2021.


Mr. Bean: The Animated Series

Mr. Bean is american animated sitcom comedy series produced by Cartoon Network Productions and Cartoon Network Studios and distributed by Warner Bros. Television. based on the 1990-1995 Live-action character of the same name created by Rowan Atkinson and Richard Curtis, The series centers Mr. Bean and Teddy episode returns to voice Van Partible and created by Mike Lazzo and Jeff Bennett aired on Cartoon Network from November 14, 2003 and July 1, 2022

In January 4, 2024, Season 4 was announced, set to release in 2025 on ITVX in the United Kingdom and Cartoonito in Europe.


Sphaenorhynchus cammaeus

Sphaenorhynchus cammaeus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Reserva Biológica de Pedra Talhada, 850 meters above sea level.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog wrote that the adult male frog was 24.8–29.3 mm long from nose to rear end. They only found one adult female frog. She was 26.6 mm long.

Mike Lazzo

Mike Lazzo is an American television producer, and the former executive vice president in charge of the Adult Swim programming block of Cartoon Network, and its production Williams Street the creator of Space Ghost Coast to Coast.

Helios Airways Flight 522

On August 14, 2005, Helios Airways Flight 522 covered the route between Larnaca International Airport (Cyprus), and Ruzyně International Airport (Prague, Czech Republic), with a stopover in Athens (Greece). The aircraft, a Boeing 737, collided with a mountain at 09:04 UTC on that day, near Grammatiko, 40 km north of Athens (with 115 passengers and six crew members on board), while on approach to Athens airport capital. All people on board died.

It is the deadliest aviation disaster in Greek history.

The flight captain was Hans-Jürgen Merten, a 59-year-old German pilot hired by Helios for the holiday season, who had been flying for 35 years and had a total of 16,900 flight hours, 5,500 of them on Boeing 737s. 

The first officer was Pampos Charalambous, a 51-year-old Cypriot pilot who had flown exclusively on Helios for the last five years, accumulating 7,549 flight hours throughout his career, 3,991 of them on the Boeing 737.

The bodies of 118 people were recovered. The passenger list included 93 adults and 22 children. The passengers comprised 103 Cypriot nationals and 12 Greek nationals.

The cause of the accident was due to the fact that after takeoff, as the aircraft gained altitude, a failure when configuring the pressurization regulator caused the loss of consciousness of both the pilots and the passengers due to hypoxia, turning the aircraft into at that time in a "ghost flight" that was only kept flying by the operation of the autopilot. Finally, already over Greek territory, it hit a hill due to lack of fuel.

The accident was the largest in the history of Greek aviation, along with one of the most serious in August 2005, a dark month for commercial aviation, which also featured, among others, the tragedies of West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 and TANS Perú Flight 204.

Slender-legged tree frogs

Osteocephalus is a group of frogs. In English, they are named the slender-legged tree frogs. They are a genus in the family Hylidae. They live in the Guianas, the Amazon Basin, Venezuela, Colombia, southeastern Brazil, and northeastern Argentina. Male frogs have warty, bumpy skin, and female frogs have smooth skin.

There are 25 species in "Osteocephalus":



Manaus slender-legged tree frog

The Manaus slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus taurinus ") is a frog. It lives in the places around the Amazon River and Orinoco River. This is in Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 71 to 92 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 90 to 101 mm. The male frogs have warty skin on their backs and the female frogs have no warts. The skin of the frog's back is brown. Some frogs have a light brown line down the middle of the back. The back legs have dark brown stripes going sideways. The iris of the eye is gold in color with black marks. The belly is light in color.

This frog lives in trees almost all the time. It hides during the day and looks for food at night. People have seen it in primary forest and secondary forest. When the male frogs sing for the female frogs, they sit on short plants or in the water. The female frog lays 2000 eggs at a time. The eggs are black in color. The female frog lays eggs on the surface of the water.

The tadpoles eat frog eggs. They eat the eggs of other types of frogs but also the eggs of the Manaus slender-legged tree frog.

Helios Airways

Helios Airways was a low-cost airline that operated various scheduled and charter flights between Cyprus and various European destinations.
The airline ceased its flights on November 6, 2006 due to the Cypriot government suspending the company's operations and freezing its bank accounts.


Badagry festival

Badagry festival is a yearly even which takes place in Badagry, a town in Lagos State, in Nigeria. It is planned by the African Renaissance Foundation (AREFO). The event shows the importance of the olden town during the slave trade period. It is a showcasing of culture and a display of African pride. The planner brings the native and culture-loving person's from many places of the world to come celebrate the festival. One of the most important is the physical showcasing by the masquerades, dancers, and fire eaters. It also shows football activities, the beating of Sato drum and freedom day happiness.
The festival started in 1999 to celebrate the end of slave trade period and the importance of the olden city during the period.
The SATO drum is a native drum usually beaten during celebrations,it is 3m tall and is played with 7sticks

Category African culture

Your Latest Trick

"Your Latest Trick" is a song by Dire Straits. It is the fourth song on the band’s fifth album, "Brothers in Arms" (1985). It was the album's fifth and last single. It was also on the live album "On the Night". The same live version is on "". The full-length version was on the compilation "".

You Could Be Mine

"You Could Be Mine" is a song by the American rockband Guns N' Roses. It is from their fourth album, Use Your Illusion II. The song came out on June 21, 1991. It was the first single from any of the "Use Your Illusion" albums. The song first came out in director James Cameron's 1991 movie, . Along with "Civil War", another song from Use Your Illusion II, You Could Be Mine was at number 29 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number three on the UK Singles Chart, and number one in Finland and Spain. It was also in the top five in more than 10 other countries.

Woman in the Moon

Woman in the Moon is a German science fiction silent movie. It was first shown on 15 October 1929 at the UFA-Palast am Zoo theater in Berlin. There were 2000 people in the audience. Many people say it is one of the first "serious" science fiction films. It was directed by Fritz Lang. it was written by his wife Thea von Harbou. It was based on von Harbou’s 1928 book, The Rocket to the Moon. In the US it was called By Rocket to the Moon. In the UK it was called Woman in the Moon. A large group of people watching got to see how rockets work for the first time. The movie was recorded between October 1928 and June 1929 at the UFA studios in Neubabelsberg, near Berlin.


Vinoth Baskaran

Vinoth Baskaran was born on 16 May 1990. He is a cricketer. He is from Singapore and is a Twenty20 International cricket.

Ventura Highway

"Ventura Highway" is a song by the band America. It was written in 1972. It is from the band’s album Homecoming. The song was written by Dewey Bunnell.

Vaufrey

Vaufrey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Usman Khawaja

Usman Tariq Khawaja was born on 18 December 1986. He is an Australian cricketer who plays for Australia and Queensland. Khawaja started playing first-class cricket for New South Wales in 2008. He played his first international (involving the whole world) match for Australia in January 2011. Khawaja was born in Pakistan and moved to Australia with his family when he was five. He has played county cricket in the United Kingdom. For a short time, he played in the Indian Premier League and the Pakistan Super League.

Timber (Pitbull song)

"Timber" is a song recorded by American rapper Pitbull featuring American singer Kesha. It was released on October 7, 2013, through Polo Grounds and RCA Records. It is from Pitbull's EP, "Meltdown" (2013). The harmonica in the song is sampled from Lee Oskar's 1978 song "San Francisco Bay", and "Timber" also samples "Face Down, Ass Up" by Luke featuring 2 Live Crew; Leo Klaskin's "Superman" Theme; and Pitbull's own "11:59" featuring Vain.

The song was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on June 23, 2022, for sales and streams of over 10 million equivalent copies in the US alone.

Duck Amuck

Duck Amuck is an American animated surreal comedy short movie. It was directed by Charles M. Jones and written by Van Partible. The short was released on September 15, 1965 as part of the Looney Tunes series, and stars Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny uncredited for ending.

Boar's tusk helmet

The boar's tusk helmet is a type of military headwear used in Mycenaean Greece. The helmet was made of ivory from a boar's tusks and attached in rows onto a leather base padded with felt. 

A description of a boar's tusk helmet appears in the tenth book of Homer's "Iliad" where Odysseus is armed for a night-raid against the Trojans.

The number of ivory plates needed to make a helmet ranges from 40 to 140. Also, around forty to fifty boars would have to be killed to make just one helmet.


Glaucetas

Glaucetas, or Glauketas (; flourished 315–300 BC), was a Greek pirate mostly active in the Aegean Sea during the 4th century BC. Little is known about his life. Glaucetas is mentioned in ancient Greek inscriptions, or stone markings, describing how the navy of Athens led by Thymochares attacked his base on the island of Kythnos. In the end, the Athenian navy removed Glaucetas from Kythnos thus "making the sea safe for those that sailed thereon."



New Haven, Vermont

New Haven is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Orwell, Vermont

Orwell is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Panton, Vermont

Panton is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Ripton, Vermont

Ripton is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Salisbury, Vermont

Salisbury is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Shoreham, Vermont

Shoreham is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Starksboro, Vermont

Starksboro is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Waltham, Vermont

Waltham is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Weybridge, Vermont

Weybridge is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Whiting, Vermont

Whiting is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Arlington, Vermont

Arlington is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Dorset, Vermont

Dorset is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Glastenbury, Vermont

Glastenbury is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Landgrove, Vermont

Landgrove is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Barnum, Minnesota

Barnum is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

The Calling

The Calling is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California. It was formed in 1996 by lead singer and guitarist Alex Band and guitarist Aaron Kamin. The current, official lineup of the band (as of 2020) consists of Band, Daniel Thomson and Travis Loafman. Thomson and Loafman have both joined The Calling in 2016. They are best known for their hit single, "Wherever You Will Go", which topped the Adult Top 40 for 23 weeks, making it the second longest running number one in the chart’s history and later named the number one song of the decade of 2000s on the Adult Pop Charts by "Billboard" magazine. Their debut album "Camino Palmero" was released in July 2001 and was a commercial success.

Their second album "Two", was released in June 2004. Its lead single "Our Lives" was featured in the closing ceremonies of the 2004 Summer Olympics as well as the opening song of the 78th annual Academy Awards.

The band broke up in 2005, but in 2013, The Calling reformed with a new lineup.

The band was formed by Alex Band (lead vocals) and Aaron Kamin (lead guitar, backing vocals) when Kamin was dating Band's sister. Kamin and Band initially began jamming and writing songs as far back as 1996, and began gigging under the band name "Generation Gap" with a drummer who was twice their age. At this stage, the band also included saxophonist Benny Golbin, giving the songs a more jazzy sound reminiscent of Dave Matthews Band. Eventually, Band and Kamin ditched the "Gap" lineup, and briefly switched their name to "Next Door", which itself was a nod to Ron Fair, a veteran music business executive and Band's neighbor.

They quickly found their own sound amongst radio rock acts of the early 21st century such as Matchbox Twenty, Third Eye Blind, Train, and Fastball. By 1999, Fair was impressed enough by the demos to sign them to a record deal with RCA. They changed their name to "The Calling", which reflected the band's sense of purpose.

While the RCA deal was a huge boost, it also created a new problem for Band and Kamin: they had no solid band and, thus, had hardly toured and built a fanbase. Rather than putting them out on the road and building regional support, Fair worked intensely with Band and Kamin for over two years perfecting the debut album. The Calling's first album was recorded from 1999–2001, with Sean Woolstenhulme (formerly with Lifehouse) (rhythm guitar), Billy Mohler (bass), and Nate Wood (drums). The Calling's first album, "Camino Palmero", was issued in July 2001 and quickly became a hit due to the strength of its single, "Wherever You Will Go", which was named the No. 1 Adult Pop song of the decade by "Billboard" magazine. The song was featured prominently in the television series "Smallville's" first-season episode "Metamorphosis". It was also featured in the 2000 film "Coyote Ugly" with the group performing in the background in the first club scene, and in early trailers in 2001 for the "Star Trek" prequel series "". In an episode of the CBS television drama "Cold Case", "Frank's Best", the song is played at the end of the episode. "Camino Palmero" ultimately sold more than five million copies worldwide and was certified gold in the United States.

In June 2002, Woolstenhulme left The Calling. His replacement was Dino Meneghin. Mohler and Wood left in October 2002. In November 2003, former members Wood and Mohler sued Band, Kamin, and the group's management, accusing them of mismanagement, fraud, and asking for an audit of the money that was spent during their tenures in The Calling. They claimed that they were promised a share of the royalties and profits from touring and merchandise. Band and Kamin claimed that the two were not entitled to any records of the royalties.

In June 2004, the group returned with "Two". The album had three singles and accompanying videos: "Our Lives", "Things Will Go My Way", and "Anything". However, "Two" had disappointing sales compared to their first album.

After a lengthy world tour in support of the album, Kamin and Band decided to disband The Calling. They played a farewell show in Temecula, California on June 6, 2005. Alex then began pursuing a solo career and played occasional shows.

On August 15, 2013, Alex Band reformed The Calling with new members. The band performed their comeback gig at Bally's Atlantic City on August 17. On August 18, Band was reportedly abducted by two men that robbed him, beat him severely, and dumped him on train tracks in Lapeer, Michigan. He was taken to an emergency room at a nearby hospital, where he was treated and released. After only a few shows, the group broke up again.

In October 2016, The Calling reformed with a new lineup and performed in Manila, Philippines the following month. The Australian company ""Unbreakable Touring"" announced that the band were to perform in areas such as Adelaide, Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne and Fremantle along with the rock band Juke Kartel and newcomer Mike Waters, but this was later postponed due to visa issues. In July 2017 it was announced that The Calling would be joining Lifehouse as support acts for Live's Australian leg of their world reunion tour.

Band said in an interview with Australian music website "may the rock be with you" in November 2017 that The Calling will be releasing new music soon.

Whilst on tour in February 2020 Band spoke in a video interview presentation with Welsh podcast SteegCast, in the video Band speaks of his future music plans and talks of new material, including even at some point releasing orchestral workings of some of The Calling's best known songs.

The band has cited that their influences include bands such as Pearl Jam, Bon Jovi, Live, Train, and U2.

Current members

Current touring musicians

Former members

Former touring musicians
Timeline

Murray Monster

Murray Monster is a fictional character and puppet on "Sesame Street". His puppeteer is Joey Mazzarino.

Krokodeilos Kladas

Krokodeilos Kladas (, 1425–1490) was a Greek military leader and rebel who fought in the medieval Peloponnese (called "Morea") against the Ottoman Empire for the Republic of Venice during the 15th century.

Krokodeilos Kladas, whose family moved from Epirus to the Peloponnese, was born in Koroni in 1425. His father was the Greek military chief Theodore Kladas. When Sultan Mehmed II conquered the Despotate of the Morea in 1460, Kladas surrendered Saint George Castle and was given in exchange Vardounia Castle in Mani, as well as the territory of Elos.

On 9 October 1480, Kladas led "stratioti" (Greek mercenary soldiers) from Koroni to attack Ottoman holdings in Mani. Both the Ottomans and the Venetians put a bounty on Kladas' head. This rebellion was joined in December by "stratioti" from Nafplion led by Theodore Bua. An army sent by the Ottoman sultan was defeated between Passavas and Oitylo in February 1481. Later that month, a larger army under Mohammed Bey drove Kladas to Porto Kagio where he was boarded onto a Neapolitan galley abandoning his revolt. A peaceful settlement of the rebellion was negotiated by the Ottoman governor of the Morea and Venetian official Bartolomeo Minio. Meanwhile, Kladas went with a Neapolitan army to Ottoman-controlled Albania to aid an anti-Ottoman revolt there. In 1490, he was captured in battle near Monemvasia and flayed alive 

The Kladas family is known in records from the Morea since 1296 when a ""Corcondille"" captured a castle controlled by the Franks for the Byzantine Greeks. Members of the family donated to a monastery at Mystra in 1366 and 1375. A "Krokodeilos" appears in the satire of Mazaris as one of the rebels against the Byzantine emperor Manuel II in 1415. The name "Krokontēlos" also appears on an inscribed donation to a church in Karytaina dated to the mid-1300s. Krokodeilos Kladas and his brothers are respected in Venetian sources. Also, Kladas was awarded Venetian knighthood and a gold robe just before the 1480 revolt.



Collin Dean

Collin Dean (born January 8, 2005) is an American actor.

Collin hails from Gilbert, Arizona, and he has an older sister named Michaela.

Dean was the voice of Lincoln Loud in the Nickelodeon animated series, "The Loud House" after replacing Grant Palmer in 2016. Collin Dean is also known for guest starring in the Cartoon Network animated series "Adventure Time" as "Tiffany," and for his background role in "Hotel Transylvania". Dean also had a minor role as one of the campers in the "American Dad!" episode, "Camp Campawanda," and co-starred with Elijah Wood in the 2014 Cartoon Network miniseries "Over the Garden Wall."

In 2012, he was cast as Todd in the Funny or Die short film, "Will Ferrell & Zach Galifianakis Debate Children".

In 2015, he appeared as Ruprecht the Elf, in the comedy horror Christmas film, "Krampus".


Grant Palmer

Grant Palmer (born August 30, 2002) is an American actor. He is best known for voicing Lincoln Loud in the Nickelodeon series, "The Loud House". After episode 22, he was supplanted by Collin Dean due to puberty, and has since had a recurring role as the character Grant from episode 52 onwards.

He also voices one of the Hatchlings in "The Angry Birds Movie". On camera, Palmer plays Waldo in "The Little Rascals Save the Day", Leland in "Comedy Bang! Bang!", and Nate in the Nickelodeon series "Game Shakers".

Liliana Mumy

Liliana Berry Davis Mumy (; born April 16, 1994) is an American actress. Between 2002 and 2006, she appeared as Jessica Baker in the two "Cheaper by the Dozen" movies and as Lucy Miller in the second and third films of "The Santa Clause" trilogy.

In animation, Mumy performed the voice of Mertle Edmonds in the "Lilo & Stitch" franchise. For Cartoon Network she has voiced Panini in "Chowder". For Nickelodeon, she has voiced Human Kimberly in "Catscratch", Roxy in the Nickelodeon revival of "Winx Club", and Leni Loud in "The Loud House".

Catherine Taber

Catherine Anne Taber (born December 30, 1979) is an American actress. She is known for voicing Padmé Amidala in "" and Lori Loud on "The Loud House".

Theodore Bua

Theodore Bua, or Theodore Bouas (Greek: Θεόδωρος Μπούας), was a 15th-century Greek military leader from Albania who served as a captain of the "stradioti" of the Republic of Venice.

When the Ottomans and the Venetians made peace in 1479 (Treaty of Constantinople), Theodore Bouas left the Venetian army and joined the revolt of Krokodeilos Kladas in the Peloponnese (called "Morea"). The Venetian official Bartolomeo Minio recorded an event where the Venetian commander of Nafplio sent a group of "stratioti" against Bouas and Mexa Busichi but the soldiers did not attack because they were compatriots. The rebellion failed after both leaders ended their alliance. Afterwards, Bouas returned to Venetian territory but was jailed in Monemvasia.


Caleel Harris

Caleel Harris (born April 19, 2003) is an American actor.

Murray

Murray might mean:


Murray Monster, a muppet in "Sesame Street"

Mazaris

Mazaris () was a 15th-century Byzantine Greek author who wrote a satire titled "Mazaris' Journey to Hades". Because his life is unknown, Mazaris has been loosely connected to two people with the same name: Manuel Mazaris, a hymnographer and "protonotarios" (or "chief notary") of Thessaloniki, and Maximus Mazaris, a monk and author of a book on rules of grammar. "Mazaris' Journey to Hades" may have been written between January 1414 and October 1415. It ridicules some Byzantine elites and exposes the evils of the lower classes in the Peloponnese.


Cineflix

Cineflix Media is a canadian global media production and distribution company.

Smithsonian Channel

Smithsonian Channel is an American pay television channel owned by Paramount Global, featuring content inspired by the Smithsonian Institution's museums.

The channel features original nonfiction programming that covers a wide range of historical, scientific, and cultural topics.


Mana (video game series)

Mana series known in Japan as Seiken Densetsu (lit. The Legend of the Sacred Sword) is an action role-playing video game released by SquareSoft (now Square Enix).

The series began with collaborations with "Final Fantasy" series called "Final Fantasy Adventure" ("Seiken Densetsu" in Japan and in Europe called "Mystic Quest") on June 28, 1991. Later after the first game was released, the "Mana" series had a standalone unit with the second installment "Secret of Mana" that was released in 1993 for Game Boy. In 1995, their third installment, "Trials of Mana" was released on Super Nintendo Entertainment System/Super Famicom, and at last "Legend of Mana" released on PlayStation. A remake of the original game, "Sword of Mana" (2003), was released for Game Boy Advance. All of the main original series were role-playing games, though they included a wide variety of gameplay mechanics, and the stories of the games were connected only thematically.

In 2006 and 2007, four more games was released as a part of "World of Mana" subseries, an attempt by Square Enix to release games in a series of variety genres and consoles. These series where the player can play "Childern of Mana" (2006), a dungeon crawler video game released on Nintendo DS. And "Dawn of Mana", an 3D action-adventre game in 2007 for PlayStation 2, and also "Heroes of Mana" (2007) a real-time strategy for the DS. Three more games have been released, after the "World of Mana" subseries ended. "Cirlcle of Mana" (2013), a card-battle game only sale in Japan for the GREE mobile platform, one year later "Rise of Mana" a free-to-play action role-playing game only in Japan for iOS, Android, and PlayStation Vita. The last game "Adventures of Mana" a remake of "Final Fantasy Adventure" released in 2016, for the PlayStation Vita.

The "Mana" series has also released other games, such as "Collection of Mana", "Friends of Mana", "Trials of Mana" (2020), and "Echoes of Mana" (2022) the new entry in the "Mana" series to celebrate 30th anniversary.

Moon over Parador

Moon over Parador is a 1988 American romantic comedy movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Richard Dreyfuss, Raul Julia, Lorin Dreyfuss, Dana Delany, Jonathan Winters, Fernando Rey, Sônia Braga, Polly Holliday, and Sammy Davis Jr.. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. 


The story is about an American actor (Richard Dreyfuss) who is asked to impersonate the dictator (Lorin Dreyfuss) of the fictional South American country of Parador, after he dies of a heart attack, by the second man (Raul Julia) so he can take power and become the dictator of Parador himself.


Kohei Saito

Kohei Saito (born 31 January 1987) is a Japanese philosopher and researcher. He studies the history of economics. He is especially interested in Karl Marx and his philosophy and economics. He is an associate professor at the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, University of Tokyo. He was one of the winners of 17th Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) Prize for 2020. He won the award for his work on "An Ecological Turn in Marxian Economics."

His book, "Marx in the Anthropocene : Towards the Idea of Degrowth Communism" (人新世のマルクス：脱成長のコミュニズムへの道) became a surprise best-seller. It is especially popular with younger Japanese people. It is part of a new popularity for Marx in Japan.




Andrew Moray

Andrew Moray (d. 1297) was a supporter of William Wallace and helped win the Battle of Stirling Bridge, he died of his wounds after the battle.

Tim David

Timothy Hays David is a Singaporean-Australian cricketer (b. 16 March, 1996 in Singapore). He played 14 Twenty20 Internationals for Singapore and scored the highest score for batsman for Singapore. He is the son of Rod David.


Miep de Vries

Hermina “Miep” van Zweeden-de Vries (born 3 April 1928) is a former Dutch volleyball player. She played with Boemerang, Amsterdam, and the Netherlands women's national volleyball team. In her last year, she played with RVC Rotterdam.

She was a player on the earliest Netherlands women's national volleyball team. She represented the Netherlands at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship. She was captain of the national team.

With Boemerang, she became multiple times national champion in 1951. With RVC she also became national champion in 1960.

De Vries participated at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship, the inaugural European Volleyball Championships. As the national didn’t have at the time on their own shirts, they borrowed the shirts of the national basketball team. Two years later she was also part of the team at the 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

In the later years no main international championships held. During these years she competed with the national team at international invitation matches, including against Belgium in January 1953 and in June 1953.

Due to an undesirable altitude at a training of the national team in 1953, she was suspended by the Dutch Volleyball Association for two years, just like six other women and five men. In may 1954 the conflict was resolved and the suspension was lifted. The same month she was called-up for the international match against Belgium. In October 1954 she played at the international volleyball tournament (Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) in Paris. In November 1954 she played her 15th international match in the match against Belgium.

In February 1955 she played against France. Her last international match was in May 1955 against Belgium. 

After the birth of her third child in 1959 she played with RVC Rotterdam. With RVC, where she was one of the key players, she became Dutch Women's Volleyball League champion in 1960.

De Vries was born on 3 April 1928 in Amsterdam. She married to international volleyball player Jan van Zweeden (1925-2001) on 13 July 1954, who was the brother of the head coach of the women’s team Cees van Zweeden. They had three children.

Osteocephalus planiceps

Osteocephalus planiceps is a frog. It lives in the places around the Amazon River. This is in Peru, Colombia, and Ecuador. Scientists think it might also live in Brazil. People have seen this frog between 200 and 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 48.0–68.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 49.9–84.9 mm long. It is brown, gray-brown, or yellow-brown in color. It has dark brown stripes across its legs. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with black marks. Its bones are green in color.

This frog looks for food at night. It lives in forests and open areas.

This frog's scientific name "planiceps" comes from the Latin words "planus" for "flat" and "ceps" for "head."

Rohit Sharma

Rohit Gurunath Sharma (born 30 April 1987) is an Indian international cricketer. He is the current captain of the Indian national team. Rohit is known for his six hitting capabilities and is considered as one of the best white ball cricketer ever.


Musi language

Musi, or also known as Musai is an Austronesian language spoken by the Musi people.

Musi people are the indigenous ethnic group native to the Musi regions (the regencies of Musi Banyuasin, Musi Rawas, North Musi Rawas, and Banyuasin)— in the southeastern Sumatra, Indonesia.

Musi language is the first language of Musi people who natively lives at the Babat Toman, the Sungai Lilin, the Bayung Lencir, and the Sekayu districts of Musi Banyuasin, also in the Banyuasin III district of Banyuasin Regency.

The classification of words in Musi language is not based on the semantics (meaning), but on the basis of their structural characteristics, namely according to their distribution in phrases or sentences. Words that have the same distribution and behavior are grouped into one type of word.

Based on the data obtained, words in the Musi language can be grouped into three groups, namely:

Word formation in Musi language can occur in three ways, namely:

In closed syllables, and are realized as and , respectively.

The analysis of the syntactic structure of Musi language is divided into two main parts, namely the syntactic structure and the sentence type.
The syntactic structure or syntax of Musi language can be divided into four main groups, namely:

The description of each of these structures will be clearly seen in the following descriptions. Each structure will be described in detail and the patterns will be illustrated through examples in Musi language's speech.

The following texts are the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Musi language along with the original declaration in English.
The following texts are the Parable of the Prodigal Son in Musi language along with its translation in English.
Here are examples of simple conversation in Musi language:


Palembang language

The Palembangnese also known as Palembang Malay ("Baso Palembang") or Musi is an Austronesian language spoken by Palembang Malay in South Sumatra, Indonesia. 

It has two separate but mutually intelligible dialect chains: Sari-sari and Jegho. It has become a "lingua franca" throughout major population centers in the province, and is often used polyglossically with Indonesian and other regional languages and dialects in the area.

Palembang language is a form of mixed language between the Malay and Javanese. Since parts of South Sumatra used to be under direct Javanese rule for quite a long time, the speech varieties of Palembang and its surrounding area are influenced by the Javanese down to their core vocabularies.

Musi people

Musi people (Musi: ) are indigenous ethnic group native to the Musi regions (the regencies of Musi Banyuasin, Musi Rawas, North Musi Rawas, and Banyuasin) in the southeastern Sumatra, Indonesia. They speak the Musi language and share common history and culture.

Musi language is the first language of Musi people who natively lives at the Babat Toman, the Sungai Lilin, the Bayung Lencir, and the Sekayu districts of Musi Banyuasin, also in the Banyuasin III district of Banyuasin Regency. It is also spoken by the Musi diaspora as the second language in the neighbouring regions; which covering the area of the Banyuasin I, the Banyuasin II and the Talang Kelapa districts of Banyuasin, the Ulu Musi district of Empat Lawang Regency, as well as in the North Musi Rawas Regency generally.

Dialectologists identify that there are at least two main dialectical groups of Musi language, namely the Sekayu Musi and Duson Musi. 

Eventhough Sekayu classified as part of the Musi languages, however it is not the native language of Musi people, but Sekayu people instead. Sekayu Musi predominantly spoken by the Sekayu people at the Sekayu district of Musi Banyuasin Regency in South Sumatra. Hence, due to its significant differences compared to Musi people in terms of ethnolinguistic historical background, some of Sekayu people disagree with these classification and rather identified their native language as 'Sekayu language' instead. The name of "Sekayu" itself seen (by Sekayu people) as valuable term that shouldn't be mixed with another entity. 

the Doson Musi which literally means "rural". Accordance to its name, the Doson Musi predominantly spoken by Musi people who lived in the rural areas of Musi Banyuasin and Musi Rawas regencies, hence the Doson Musi oftenly seen or regarded as the 'rube' variety of Musi language. 

Alluvium

Alluvium is loose earth which sits on top of consolidated sediment (~ rock). It usually consists of loose gravel and clay.

Where people live, it is usually covered with "made ground". That is what we call pavements, buildings, and roads. They are the most obvious examples of made ground. 

There is a discussion about what other sediment deposits should be included under the term "alluvium".

Javanism

Javanism may refer to: 

Dubai Police Force

The Dubai Police Force (Arabic: القيادة العامة لشرطة دبي) is the 17,500 strong police force for the Emirate of Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates. 
There are currently eleven Dubai police stations in the city.

The Dubai Police Force has several luxury and high-performance vehicles (to be used in tourist areas), which include:



All of these vehicles are used for patrolling tourist areas.

There are 27 stations and they operate 24 hours a day and operate daily, including on weekends and holidays. The stations provide services in six languages, and they provide services in the following categories:


Music languages

Music languages is a language family spoken mostly in the southeastern part of Sumatra. This language family is part of Javanesic, which part of larger Austronesian language family.

Annie Apperloo-Wichgers

An “Annie” Apperloo-Wichgers (born 1932) is a former Dutch volleyball player. She played with SOS, Utrecht and the Netherlands women's national volleyball team.

With SOS she became national champion in 1950. With the Netherlands women's national volleyball team she represented the Netherlands at the 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 1956 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

Wichgers was specialized in services and smashes.

After World War II, Wichers started playing volleyball with SOS in Utrecht. Quickly she became a player in the main team. She was invited to compete with the national team at the 1949 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, the inaugural European Volleyball Championships in Prague. However, her father didn’t wanted her to go, for study reasons.

In 1950 she became with SOS Dutch Women's Volleyball League champion. In 1951, with permission of her father, she competed with the national team to the 1951 European championships in Paris.

In the later years, no main international championships were held. During these years she competed with the national team at international invitation matches, including in 1953 against Belgium in January and June.

Due to an undesirable altitude at a training of the national team in 1953, she was suspended by the Dutch Volleyball Association for two years, just like six other women and five men. In may 1954 the conflict was resolved and the suspension was lifted. The same month she was called-up for the international match against Belgium. In October 1954 she played at the international volleyball tournament (Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) in Paris. In November 1954 she played against Belgium, in February 1955 against France and in May 1955 against Belgium.

In 1956 she played with the national team at the 1956 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, the first time the Dutch team competed at the World Championships. At the world championships she played her 25th international match.

Whichgers was born in 1932. She married Rinus Apperloo (1928-2016).

Senchus fer n-Alban

The "Senchus fer n-Alban" ("History of the Men of Scotland") was an Old Irish medieval text believed to have been compiled in the 10th century. It provides much information, however faulty, on the Gaelic kingdom of Dál Riata.

December 2001 riots in Argentina

The 2001 crisis in Argentina is sometimes known as the Argentinazo. () It was a political, economic, social, and institutional crisis. It was fueled by a revolt under the slogan "All of them must go!" (). This led to the resignation of the president of Argentina, Fernando de la Rúa, giving rise to a period of political instability during which five officials exercised the National Executive Power in a few months.

This happened within a larger crisis that lasted between 1998 and 2002. It was caused by a long recession that made a humanitarian, social, economic, financial and political crisis. During the crisis, 39 people were killed by state and private security agents.

The trigger for the crisis was the imposition of the "Corralito" on December 2, 2001. It was a government provision that restricted the withdrawal of cash from banks. This was designed by the then Minister of Economy Domingo Cavallo. This had a major impact on the lower class, mostly unbanked, and the middle class, which was strongly restricted in their economic movements.

On December 13, the workers' unions declared a general strike, and violent outbreaks began to take place in some cities in the country and in Greater Buenos Aires. They were mainly looting by unemployed and indigent sectors of the population, theft of trucks in the routes, common robberies and street cuts in the cities.

The revolt led to a social outburst on the night of December 19, 2001, soon after Fernando de la Rúa announced the establishment of a state of siege. Many people took to the streets throughout the country to express their discontent with the government and political representatives. This lasted all night and the next day, when the order was given to repress the demonstrators, 39 of whom were killed. Most of the people win the protests were self-convened and did not respond to any political party, union or structured social organization. 

On December 20 at 7:37 p.m., the president resigned and left the Casa Rosada by helicopter.

During the following twelve days there was a high level instability that also led to the resignation of successor president Adolfo Rodríguez Saa. 

The social and economic instability, as well as the ignorance of the legitimacy of political representatives, extended in the following years.

Javanesic languages

Javanesic is a language family belonging to the Javanic of Sundic. 
The Javanese language is the main Javanesic language, it spoken mostly on the island of Java with numerous dialects and registers.

Duan Albanach

"Duan Albanach" is a Middle Gaelic poem written in the reign of Malcolm III.

Dúnchad Bec

Dúnchad Bec was a man who ruled the peninsula of Kintyre, and rebelled against the king of Dál Riata, Selbach, in 719. He died in 721.

Eochaid mac Echdach

Eochaid mac Echdach was a king of Dál Riata from 726 to 733. He was the great-great-grandson of Eochaid Buide and the chief of the Cenél nGabráin, the descendants of Gabhrán mac Domangairt, who ruled Dál Riata in the 6th century. Eochaid presumably deposed Dúngal mac Selbaig, the previous king, and fought Dúngal's angry father in 727, emerging with success. Eochaid died in 733 and was succeeded by Muiredach, the cousin of Dúngal.

In the mountain (Filippini)

In the mountain (also known as In Montagna) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1890, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Pinacoteca Nazionale di Bologna.

The work is similar to Filippini's painting "The Chestnut Harvest". Filippini in the theme of work, always represents the same agricultural work, the harvesting of chestnuts, wood, corn pickers, the grazing of the flock, the picking of hemp. These are among Filippini's most interesting works, especially when the workers are women and the folkloric clothes she wears are evident. Only the industrial processing of the Maglio is an exception.




Loonatics Unleashed

Loonatics Unleashed is an American superhero animated television series produced by Warner Bros. Animation that ran on Kids' WB for two seasons from 2005 to 2007 in the United States.

2001 Massacre of Plaza de Mayo

The 2001 Massacre of Plaza de Mayo was a massacre in the Plaza de Mayo in Buenos Aires and its surroundings. It occurred on December 20, 2001.

Five people (Carlos Almirón, Gustavo Ariel Benedetto, Diego Lamagna, Alberto Márquez and Gastón Marcelo Riva) were killed there, four others were attempted to be murdered (Marcelo Dorado, Martín Galli, Sergio Rubén Sanchéz and Paula Simonetti). Others were injured. 

The events occurred under the presidency of Fernando de la Rúa during the December 2001 crisis in Argentina, during which 39 people were killed, including seven children between the ages of thirteen and eighteen.

The journalist Alberto Amato of the newsroom of the newspaper Clarín, a month after the massacre, referred to it with these words:

“The massacre of the Plaza de Mayo... bloodied the city with a violence and unreason that recognizes as the only precedent the terrible bombardment by naval aviation in June 1955, three months before the overthrow of Juan Perón... Among other responses that the judicial investigation include those that try to know if there was a moment, and therefore an order, that the repression of the protesters was carried out with bullets. And who gave that order. Who were the civilians who shot at the protesters protected by uniformed police?  Who owns the cars from which people were shot at close range and that a police chief defined with a euphemism that would be nice if it did not contain a tragedy: "civilian cars for police use..."? How was it that, if the decision of the then government was to prevent a hypothetical "takeover" of the Government House, the dead fell several blocks from the seat of power? Did some kind of “death squad” act on December 20? If Justice manages to answer these and other questions, it will elucidate another that is only tacitly formulated: what is the political will to investigate a massacre almost without precedent in the already violent contemporary history of Argentina.” 

There were 17 people indicted:

During the trial, more than 200 witnesses testified. In October 2015 the evidence stage was closed and the allegations began in November. May 22, 2016 the court issued the ruling:


Xabier Lezama

Xabier Lezama Perier (20 June 1967) was a Basque-Spanish artist. He was born in Bilbao, Biscay.

Creator who is part of the generation of contemporary Basque sculptors considered one of the main renovators of Basque sculpture in the second half of the 20th century. 

Around 1990, with his employment in the forge, he began working with iron, his concern for Basque art and culture increasing. In 2005 he opens a stage of experimentation and adopts surreal rhythms. The scale in Totemism had been approached at the end of the 1980s with his plastic experience, opening a new experience in his ethnic-cultural plastic inquiry.


The Flintstones: On the Rocks

The Flinstones On The Rocks is an American animated made-for-television comedy movie which aired on Cartoon Network from November 3, 2001. It was directed by Genndy Tartakovsky and David P. Smith and written by Dane Boedigheimer the also Annoying Orange


Alfie (1966 movie)

Alfie is a 1966 British comedy-drama movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and was based on the 1963 play of the same name by Bill Naughton. It stars Michael Caine, Shelley Winters, Millicent Martin, Jane Asher, Vivien Merchant, Julia Foster, Shirley Ann Field, Eleanor Bron and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1967 and was remade in 2004.

WWE 2K22

WWE 2K22 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on May 28, 2021.

Abismo de pasión

Abismo de pasión (by its English title: Abyss of Passion) is a Mexican telenovela for Televisa produced by Angelli Nesma Medina and written by Claridad Bravo Adams, it is a remake of the 1998 telenovela "Cañaveral de Pasiones".

It stars Sabine Moussier, Angelique Boyer, David Zepeda, Mark Tacher, René Casados, Eugenia Cauduro, Alejandro Camacho and Eric del Castillo as the protagonists, and Blanca Guerra, Salvador Zerboni and Altaír Jarabo as antagonists.

In the town of La Ermita, Yucatán, live two families with powerful chili processors in the region, the Arangos and the Castañons, of which Elisa Castañon is the daughter of Augusto and Estefanía Castañon, who has a friendship with Damían Arango, son of Rosendo and Alfonsina Arango. whose friendship was deteriorating due to the enmity of these two families, Gael is a child who is cared for by the priest Guadalupe "Lupe" and who is a friend of Paloma, Ramona's niece (the village healer), while Estefanía's sister, Carmina Bouvier had a secret relationship with Rosendo and they planned to go live in New York City, even though Estefanía discovers it and prevents Carmina from doing so and then goes to meet with Rosendo to speak and while driving in a storm, they suffer a fatal accident after having crossed Ramona's cart which saw everything in front of her eyes, this is done in an echo by the town when they know that the two of them were going to leave La Ermita together Despite this, Elisa and Damían continue to go out as friends, but both Augusto and Alfonsina prevent them from doing so, and in the end Alfonsina decides that Damían should go live in Italy for a few years while Augusto and Carmina end up getting married and which makes himliving Hell to Elisa blaming her for Estefania's death.

Years go by and in the end Damian returns from Italy and meets Elisa again and many things change in La Ermita, since the fall of the Castañon processor, even though over time Elisa and Damian begin to love each other. but both Alfonsina and Augusto try to stop them, Gael and Paloma begin to become a couple, while Damian and Elisa love each other, Florencia Landucci arrives, a friend of Damian's from Italy arrives to marry him while the relationship between Augusto and Carmina He begins to go bankrupt and after having murdered him, he decides to fall in love with Gavino, the former administrator of the Arango processing plant, even though he has murdered him, while Damian and Florencia leave their relationship and their wedding is canceled and he decides to stay with Elisa, whom he wants to marry with Gael, this brings an enmity between the two and Father Guadalupe reveals that they are brothers of the same blood as Rosendo, who had a relationship with Ingrid Navarro and who left Gael at the entrance of the Church, then Gavino and Carmina want to escape but is prevented by Ramona who causes an accident and they are captured by the police, Gavino ends up in jail and Carmina commits suicide, after this and despite what happened, Elisa and Damian and Gael and Paloma fall in love and end up getting married.




Georgy Girl

Georgy Girl is a 1966 British romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and was based on the 1965 novel of the same name by Margaret Foster. It stars Lynn Redgrave, James Mason, Alan Bates, Charlotte Rampling, Bill Owen, Clare Kelly, Rachel Kempson, Denise Coffey, Dandy Nichols and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1967.


Plymouth, California

Plymouth is a city in Amador County, California, United States.

Sutter Creek, California

Sutter Creek is a city in Amador County, California, United States.

Orinda, California

Orinda is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Pinole, California

Pinole is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Pittsburg, California

Pittsburg is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Pleasant Hill, California

Pleasant Hill is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

South Lake Tahoe, California

South Lake Tahoe is a city in El Dorado County, California, United States.

Firebaugh, California

Firebaugh is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Corralito

In Argentina, the restriction of withdrawing cash from banks to $250 USD per week (at that time 1 USD = 1 ARS) was called a Corralito. The measure was imposed by the government of Fernando de la Rúa on December 1, 2001, in the face of a bank run. Subsequently, and due to the popularity that the term acquired, it began to be used in all Spanish-speaking countries to refer to the immobilization of deposits carried out by the government of any country.
The objective pursued with these restrictions was to prevent money from leaving the banking system, thus trying to avoid a wave of banking panic and the collapse of the system. According to Domingo Cavallo, in charge of the Ministry of Economy, when he announced the measure, he clarified that it did not prevent the use of electronic means of payment or bank transfers. The idea was that it be a temporary measure for 90 days while the debt was renegotiated.

The word corralito, shortened to the word corral, is used in Argentina to call what in other countries is known as a baby park. In 2001 the economic journalist Antonio Laje, in his economic column of the program After Hours by Daniel Hadad, used the term to refer to the government measure. The journalist sought to highlight through an analogy the way in which the Government restricted one of the essential freedoms of the users of any banking system: that of being able to withdraw their funds at any moment.

Fowler, California

Fowler is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Huron, California

Huron is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Mendota, California

Mendota is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Parlier, California

Parlier is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

San Joaquin, California

San Joaquin is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Blue Lake, California

Blue Lake is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Fortuna, California

Fortuna is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Rio Dell, California

Rio Dell is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Trinidad, California

Trinidad is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Born Free

Born Free is a 1966 British American family adventure drama movie directed by James Hill and was based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Joy Adamson. It stars Virginia McKenna, Bill Travers, Geoffrey Keen, Peter Lukoye and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It won 2 Academy Awards in 1967. It spawned spin-offs and sequels.


Frédéric Macler

Frédéric Macler (26 May 1869 – 12 July 1938) was a French linguist, orientalist and translator.

A native of , Macler learned , , and Hebrew from . In 1911, he succeeded , as he took a chair in Armenian at the Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales, which he held until 1937. In 1919, he co-founded the Society for Armenian Studies. In 1920, he founded the "", which he directed until 1933, with Antoine Meillet.

Haunted Honeymoon

Haunted Honeymoon is a 1986 American British horror comedy movie directed by Gene Wilder (who also stars) and also starring Gilda Radner, Dom DeLuise, Jonathan Pryce, Ann Way, Eve Ferret, Bryan Pringle, Matt Zimmerman, Roger Ashton-Griffiths. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was a box office failure.


Viva Las Vegas

Viva Las Vegas is a 1964 American musical film. It was directed by George Sidney and starring Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret.

Martin Guzmán

Martín Maximiliano Guzmán (Born October 12, 1982) is an Argentine economist and civil servant. He was Minister of Economy of Argentina from December 10, 2019 to July 2, 2022.

On December 10, 2019, he was appointed as Minister of Economy of Argentina by President Alberto Fernández. His first measures were the renegotiation of the country's foreign debt and the Law of Solidarity and Productive Reactivation that created the PAÍS tax. and set a new withholding scheme. A 30% tax was set for transactions with credit cards outside the country and for the acquisition of foreign currency for savings, the rates that were in force in 2015 in the tax on personal assets were reintroduced and holdings of financial assets were taxed in the Exterior.


Ministry of Economy (Argentina)

The Ministry of Economy () of Argentina is the ministry dependent on the National Executive Power in charge of assisting the President and the Chief of Staff with everything inherent to the economy.

The current minister responsible is Sergio Massa, who has served since August 2022 in the cabinet of Alberto Fernández.

According to Law 22,520, the powers of the Ministry of Economy include "assisting the President of the Nation and the Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers (...) in everything inherent to economic, budgetary and tax policy, the administration of public finances, economic, financial and fiscal relations with the Provinces and the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires and the preparation, proposal and execution of the national policy on energy…”


How We Roll

How We Roll is an American sitcom that premiered on CBS on March 31, 2022. The series is inspired by the life of professional bowler Tom Smallwood.

Ajith Kumar

Ajith Kumar (born 1 May 1970) is an Indian actor. He works in Tamil cinema. He has starred in over 60 films in Tamil His awards Include four Vijay Awards, three Cinema Express Awards, three Filmfare Awards South and three Tamil Nadu State Film awards. in addition to his acting, Kumar is also a motor car racer and participated in the MRF Racing series (2010).

Sesame Street's 50th Anniversary Celebration

Sesame Street's 50th Anniversary Celebration is a 2019 musical television special to celebrate the 50th anniversary of "Sesame Street".

Walid Ghauri

Walid Ghauri was born on 12 May 1993 in Oslo. He is a Norway cricketer who plays Twenty20 Internationals for Norway.

Up Close &amp; Personal

Up Close & Personal is a 1996 American romantic drama movie directed by Jon Avnet and starring Robert Redford, Michelle Pfeiffer, Stockard Channing, Joe Mantegna, Kate Nelligan, Glenn Plummer, Scott Bryce, Dedee Pfieffer. It was based on the 1988 novel "Golden Girl: The Story of Jessica Savitch" by Alanna Nash. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1997.


Basketball at the 1930 Women's World Games

Basketball at the 1930 Women's World Games was the first appearance of the sport at the Women's World Games. The winner was regarded as the 1930 World Champion.

Seven nations nations entered the continental tournaments, five nations in the Europe Zone and two nations in the Americas zone. The winner of the 1930 European Women's Basketball Championship and America zone tournament played against each other in the final at the Women's Word Games in Prague on 8 September 1930.

Canada won the final, with France finishing second.


The Canadian team beat France 18–14.

According to Polish media the basketball final made an excellent impression. Both teams were described to play very well tactically and technically. France was technically weaker than the Canadians. The shot accuracy of the Canadians was said to have a great precision. The Canadians were described to have played with: speed, harmony and accuracy. France was described to have played with ambition and devotion.

Furiosa (movie)

Furiosa is an upcoming Australian post-apocalyptic action adventure movie. It is directed and co-written by George Miller. The movie stars Anya Taylor-Joy as the main character Furiosa. It serves as both a spin-off and a prequel to 2015's "". It will be the fifth movie in the "Mad Max" franchise. It is said to be focusing on the origins of Furiosa.

Chris Hemsworth and Tom Burke will co-star.


Gross margin

Gross margin is the difference between revenue and cost of goods sold. In other words, it's a measure of how much profit a company makes from each sale. The higher the gross margin, the more profitable the company.

To calculate gross margin, simply take your total revenue and subtract your total costs. This will give you your gross profit.

From there, divide your gross profit by your total revenue to get your gross margin percentage.

1930 European Women's Basketball Championship

The 1930 European Women's Basketball Championship was held from April - 13 July 1930. Five national teams took part in the competition: Czechoslovakia, France, Poland, Italy and Sweden. Matches of the first round were held in Poland (Krakow) and France (Nice) with the semi-final and final being held in Strasbourg. The winner of the championships qualified to play the 1930 Women's World Games final in Prague on 8 September 1930.

Substitues

Substitute (?)
coach: lieutenant Woskowicz
Ahead of the first Match, Poland was on a training camp from 22 to 29 June 1930 in Krakow. This training camp included also basket players not listed above: H. Grotowska and Tabenska.
France won the final of Poland. The French team became European champion and was qualified to compete at the 1930 Women's World Games final.

István Dobi

Istvan Dobi (December 31 1898-November 24 1968) was the president of Hungary from 1948-1967 , he served a very long term. 

Dobi was born from a poor family, he was born in SZONY. In his childhood, he worked as a day labourer. In 1916 came into contact with the agricultural workers' movement. After having fought in the First World War, he supported the Hungarian Soviet Republic. During the Hungarian–Romanian War of 1919 he was captured by the Romanians.

Upon his release, he worked as a casual laborer and became active in the agricultural workers' union as well as in the Social Democratic Party of Hungary from the early 1920s. For this, he was put under police surveillance. In 1936 he switched to the Independent Smallholders' Party and became a functionary in the Kisalföld Chamber of Agriculture. Although he was not a member of the Communist Party, he was arrested several times during the regency of Miklós Horthy.

Dobi was appointed prime minister in 1948. He was the leader of the smallholders party , he gave up his job in 1952 to become general-secretary 

Due in part to his strong support of the Communists, he replaced fellow Smallholder Lajos Dinnyés as prime minister in December 1948, helping preside over the final stage of the Communists' complete takeover of the country. In short order, Dobi pushed out those elements of his party who were unwilling to do the Communists' bidding, leaving the party in the hands of fellow travelers like himself. This process was repeated with the other non-Communist parties as well.

Thus, by the time of the 1949 elections, Hungary was effectively a one-party state. The 1949 elections formalized this status, with voters only having the option of approving or rejecting a Communist-dominated list. One of the first acts of the newly elected National Assembly was to approve a Soviet-style constitution, formally marking the onset of out-and-out Communist rule in Hungary. The Smallholders' Party was effectively disbanded.

He was ceremonial president , he gave up his post as prime minister in 1952 cause MATYAS RAKOSI wanted that post for himself as general-secretary.

He was awarded the Lenin Peace Prize in 1962 , he died in Budapest in 1968.

Always Together

Always Together is a 1947 American comedy movie directed by Fred de Cordova and starring Robert Hutton, Joyce Reynolds, Cecil Kellaway, Ernest Truex. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


The Assassination Bureau

The Assassination Bureau is a 1969 British black comedy adventure movie directed by Basil Dearden and was based on the 1963 unfinished novel by Jack London. It stars Oliver Reed, Diana Rigg, Telly Savalas, Carl Jürgens, Philippe Noiret, Warren Mitchell, Beryl Reid, Clive Revill, Kenneth Griffith, Jess Conrad and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Tarzan and the Jungle Boy

Tarzan and the Jungle Boy is a 1968 American adventure movie directed by Robert Gordon and starring Mike Henry, Rafer Johnson, Aliza Gur, Steve Bond, Ron Gans. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Roaring Road

The Roaring Road is a 1919 American action romance movie directed by James Cruze and was based on short stories by Byron Morgan. It stars Wallace Reid, Ann Little, Theodore Roberts, Guy Oliver, Clarence Geldart and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was followed up by "Excuse My Dust" in 1920.


Eureka! (2022 TV series)

Eureka! is an American-Irish computer-animated television series. It was created by Norton Virgien and Niamh Sharkey, produced by Brown Bag Films. The show premiered on Disney Junior on June 22, 2022.

Set in the Stone Age within the location of Rocky Falls, the series follows the eponymous girl Eureka who enjoys going on adventures and building gadgets.




Cayenne slender-legged tree frog

The Cayenne slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus leprieurii") is a frog. It lives Guyana, French Guiana, Suriname, Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil, and Bolivia.

Ratris Khel Chale 2

Ratris Khel Chale 2 (transl. The Game Runs At Night 2) is a Marathi supernatural thriller drama series.


It was started from 14 January 2019.

Sleeping Sun

Sleeping Sun is a power ballad and one of four singles by the Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, it was one of two maxi singles released on August 2, 1999, coinciding with the eclipse of August 11, 1999.

The original version was starred and sung by Tarja Turunen, and belongs to the Oceanborn album of 1998, in 2005 a re-recorded version would be made now with the starring of Anette Olzon, in Finland it was certified with a gold disc and more than 5,000 copies sold and in Germany 15,000 copies were sold.


You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart

"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" is a song by the British pop duo (group of two singers) Eurythmics. It was written by Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart. It is on the duo's sixth album, "Savage" (1987). It was the fourth and last single from the album in the United Kingdom and the second single in the United States.

Michael McDonald (comedian)

Michael James McDonald (born December 31, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, and writer. He is best known for starring in the sketch comedy show "MADtv" and for voicing numerous characters on "The Simpsons" from 1998 to 2010. McDonald joined the show during the fourth season (1998) and remained in the cast until the end of the thirteenth and penultimate season, having become the longest-tenured cast member.

McDonald also directed several episodes of the comedy-drama series "Scrubs", on which he guest-starred six times.

McDonald currently divides his time between writing, directing, and acting on various film and television projects, as well as performing live on stage across the country.

Currently, McDonald is working on Nickelodeon's "The Loud House" as one of Clyde's fathers.

He recently appeared in the 2021 film "Halloween Kills" as the character Little John, the romantic partner of Big John. The couple live in the house once occupied by the Myers family and tell stories of the young Michael Myers and the house to scare trick or treaters on Halloween night.

You Can Do Magic (song)

"You Can Do Magic" is a song by Russ Ballard. It is from 1982. It was recorded by the folk rock band America. It was on their album View from the Ground.

Xavier Doherty

Xavier John Doherty was born 22 November 1982. He used to be an Australian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a slow left arm orthodox bowler. After he did well playing for Tasmania, Doherty started playing One Day International for Australia in a game against Sri Lanka at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in November 2010. Later that same month, he played Test against England at the Gabba. He did not play in 2011 because he hurt his back.

White Shadow (movie)

White Shadow is a 2013 drama movie. It was written, made, and directed by Noaz Deshe. The people working on the movie were in Germany, Italy and Tanzania. The movie was first shown during Critics’ Week at the 70th Venice International Film Festival on September 2, 2013. It won a prize called the Lion of the Future Award at that festival. It is about an albino.


Whisky (movie)

Whisky is a Uruguayan movie that is both funny and sad (tragicomic). It was directed by Juan Pablo Rebella and Pablo Stoll. It was released in 2004. The movie stars Andrés Pazos, Mirella Pascual, Jorge Bolani, Ana Katz, and Daniel Hendler. The actors do not talk much or show much feeling. It was first shown at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Un Certain Regard and FIPRESCI Awards.It was Juan Pablo Rebella's last movie before he died in 2006.


Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures

Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures is an American animated series.

What You Get Is What You See

"What You Get Is What You See" is a song by the singer Tina Turner. It was on her album Break Every Rule (1986). The record had three versions of the song on it: the Extended Dance Mix, the Extended Rock Mix and a live version from London. A different live version of the song was the first song on Turner's 1988 album Tina Live in Europe. She also put it on her 2009 live album Tina Live. That version was recorded during Turner's very popular . Lots of people in Australia liked the song.

Aisha Buhari

Aisha Halilu Buhari (born February 17, 1971 in Adamawa State) is the current first lady of Nigeria as the wife of President Muhammadu Buhari. Her grandfather Alhaji Muhammadu Ribadu was once Nigeria's first minister of defence. Her father was a civil engineer, Her mother is a daughter of the Ankali tribe,' well known farmers'. Aisha is the First Lady of Nigeria and the wife of the present President Muhammadu Buhari who took over office on the 29th of May after winning the former President Goodluck Jonathan.

Silvina Batakis

Silvina Aída Batakis (Born, December 27, 1968) is an Argentine economist and Former Minister of Economy of Argentina appointed by Alberto Fernández after the resignation of Martin Guzmán. She is the second woman to occupy the position of Minister of Economy in the history of the country after Felisa Miceli in 2005. She currently serves as president of the Banco de la Nación Argentina, since August 5, 2022.

On July 3, 2022, she was appointed Minister of Economy by Alberto Fernández, due to the resignation of Martin Guzmán.
Batakis is nicknamed "La Griega" ("the Greek"). Sports-wise, she is a supporter of Boca Juniors. She has a son.

National Executive Power

The National Executive Power (PEN) () of Argentina is the executive body of the central State of this country. It is a single-person, pyramidal body headed by the President of Argentina, an official who must be elected every four years by direct, secret, universal and compulsory suffrage, in a double round, along with the vice-presidential candidate.
In Argentina, the Presidency of the Nation is made up of the President of the Nation and the closest organizations and personnel.

Among the latter, the General Secretariat of the Presidency, the Legal and Technical Secretariat, the Federal Intelligence Agency, the Secretariat for Strategic Affairs and the Secretariat for Comprehensive Drug Policies (SEDRONAR) stand out for their political importance.

The Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers is a ministerial position of the Argentine Republic, held by a chief of staff. It corresponds to an official of the National Constitution and arises as a consequence of the constitutional reform of 1994. Its role, attributions and obligations are detailed in articles 100 and 101 of the National Constitution, deepened in art. Currently, the Chief of Staff is Juan Manzur.

Winter Storage

Winter Storage is a 1949 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.

The Chenab Times

The Chenab Times is a digital news and activist organisation in India founded in July 2017. It is known for publishing news in endangered languages including Sarazi and Bhaderwahi languages. Its founder and editor–in–chief is Anzer Ayoob.

"The Chenab Times" derives its name from the Chenab river, which flows through the Chenab valley, which includes the districts of Doda, Kishtwar, and Ramban.

It began in July 2017 and initially focused on topics relating to development, infrastructure, and healthcare, particularly in the Chenab Valley. The website now features current news from around the world, with a particular emphasis on video reports from Jammu and Kashmir.

On 21 January 2021, "The Chenab Times" started daily short news round-up in various local languages of Chenab Valley, which includes Sarazi and Bhaderwahi with additional support of Urdu language.

In 2022, "The Chenab Times" was nominated for the "Best News Portal Award" by the Pahari Core Committee, an amalgamation of fifteen literary groups in Jammu and Kashmir, for promoting the local Pahari languages.

The Equalizer

The Equalizer could mean:


What Is Love? (Howard Jones song)

"What Is Love?" is a song by the musician Howard Jones. It came out in in 1983. It was on the album Human's Lib. It got up to no. 2 on the UK Singles Chart, and it is the singer's highest chart placing so far. In the US, it ended up at no. 33 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Emmanuel Mormoris

Emmanuel Mormoris, or Manolis Mormoris (), was a 16th-century Greek military leader from Crete and politician in the Republic of Venice. He led the Greek revolt of 1567–1572 in the region of Epirus controlled by the Ottoman Empire during the Ottoman-Venetian War of 1570-1573.

Emmanuel Mormoris and his family, the Mormori or Murmuri, were Greeks from Nafplio in southern Greece.

The family is first mentioned in the 15th century when a rich landord in Nafplio named Emmanuel Mormori was married to a lady from the Bua family. When the Ottoman army conquered Nafplio in 1540, many Greeks fled and some members of the Mormoris family escaped to the island of Crete controlled by the Venetians. In the 16th century, members of the "Mormori" or "Murmuri" family were active in Nafplio fighting against the Ottoman Empire. Other members of the same family served the Republic of Venice in Crete. Mormoris himself praises the Greeks and his family members in their fight against the Ottomans.

The father of Emmanuel Mormoris, Jacomo, was a "cavaliere" ("cavalryman") in the Venetian army and leader of the "stratioti" of Crete. Before 1570, Emmanuel Mormoris was sent by the Venetian "provveditore generale" ("governor-general") of Crete to Sfakia, a region in western Crete, to convince some local rebel to surrender to Venetian rule. In 1568, he became leader of a cavalry unit of "stratioti di nationi Greca" ("soldiers from the Greek nation") and was sent to the island of Corfu. In 1571, he was accepted as member of the Cretan nobility ("cretensi nobili") by the Venetian Senate.

Mormoris was militarily active in the region of Epirus during the Ottoman-Venetian War of 1570-1573. The "provveditore" of Corfu, Sebastiano Venier, gave weapons and ammunition to the Greeks of Himara. Mormoris proposed the capture of the fortress of Sopot located across the island of Corfu.

Sopot was an important stronghold and the Greek groups that participated in Mormoris' operations included Greek "stratioti" from Corfu and Greeks from Himarra (called "Himariotes"). After a successful siege on 7 June 1570, Mormoris was made commander of the fortress and the surrounding region. The capture of Sopot caused a revolt under his leadership resulting in the Ottomans being limited in the region to some military outposts. Mormoris, together with groups of Himariotes, then tried to destroy the Ottoman army as soon as possible. Afterwards, the anti-Ottoman movement spread to the regions of Argyrokastron, Delvina and Parga with the military help of the local Greek nobility and some "stratioti", such as Petros Lantzas and Georgios Renesis. Also, the people of Himara supported the rebellion and willingly surrendered to Venetian rule, while making use of the mountains of their homeland.

Mormoris and his army attacked the fortress of Nivice and finally captured it in 1571. Meanwhile, an Ottoman fleet under admiral Uluz Ali approached the coast of Himara. During his campaigns, Mormoris was helped by his brother Zorzis Mormoris who led units of "stratioti" in Margariti, Santa Maura (Lefkada), and Corfu. But Venice removed its support to the Greek rebels and so the rebels had to end their attack on Kardhiq and later Sopot Fortress was recaptured by the Ottomans in 1571. Emmanuel Mormoris was captured during the Ottoman attack, taken prisoner to Constantinople, and was freed in June 1575 during a prisoner exchange between the Venetians and Ottomans.

In 1583, Mormoris was placed in command of the Venetian infantry in Crete. He was involved in the construction of the Fortezza of Rethymno and the port at Rethymno. In 1590-1591, he was sent to Italy to suppress the revolt of the lord of Montemarciano, Alfonso Picollomini, who was later executed in March 1591. In 1592, Mormoris returned to Crete to deal with rebellions in the island. In 1593, he was placed in Kefallonia where he oversaw the building of the Venetian fortress in Asos. Mormoris was the author of military reports on the construction of fortifications in the Ionian islands and Crete.


Baby, Get It On

Baby, Get it On was written by Ike Turner (Tina Turners former husband) and was sung by the couple in 1975. The song was the lead single on Tina's album, "Acid Queen." "Baby, Get it On" is the last known song they both sang together prior to their divorce on March 29, 1978.

Condotta (Garau)

Condotta (also known as Pipeline) is a landscape painting by the Italian painter Salvatore Garau painted in 2003, diptych
mixed techniques on tarpaulin, measuring 240 x 350 cm centimeters, present in the permanent exhibition of Musée d'Art moderne et contemporain de Saint-Étienne Métropole.


"Salvatore Garau's canvases depict spaces animated by movements and pictorial events. Spaces that must be revived, experienced, filtered by emotions and identified with a scene." (Lorand Hegyi)




Angélica Aragón

Angélica Espinoza Stransky (born Mexico City, Mexico, July 11, 1953), better known as Angélica Aragón (), is a Mexican film, theater and television actress, daughter of the famous actor José Ángel Espinoza "Ferrusquilla", who has starred in different Mexican films such as "Cilandro y parejil, Sexo, pudor y lágrimas, El crimen del Padre Amaro", and in American films such as "A Walk in the Clouds" and "" and in telenovelas such as "Vivir un Poco and "Mirada de Mujer"."

She is of Czech descent on her maternal grandfather who was a soldier in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I.









The market (Filippini)

The Market (also known as Il Mercato or L'Antico verziere) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1881, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 4725).

Filippini portrayed the square of "Il Verziere" in Milan (the name derives from "verzee" in the Milanese dialect, or "agricultural market"), is the open space that connects Largo Augusto with Via Verziere in Milan, in the Quadronno district inside the center of Milan , inhabited by the nobility of Milan. The Quadronno district and the Piazza del Verziere in Milan were among the most picturesque places represented by the painters of the nineteenth century.

The work also known as the "Verziere" is one of the few urban views by Filippini dedicated usually to countryside and mountain landscapes.

Filippini animates the scene with groups of figures represented by splashes of bright color.



Marina (Filippini)

Marina (also known as Venice port or La Grande Marina) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1882, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan since 1931 (inv. n. 4544).

The work is connected to Filippini's 1882 "Marina", also in the collection of the GAM Museum - Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. No. 4543), in which the sweeping views of the sea are represented they are cut diagonally from the jetty, geometrically perpendicular to that of the moored boats.



Imminent thunderstorm (Filippini)

Imminent thunderstorm (also known as Temporale imminente) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1890, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 7146).
The conception of the work is of absolute avant-garde, of landscape, in which the vision is placed like the will of a bird from above, granting a unique and immersive perspective in the work and in the metrological change of the sky, waiting for the storm on the mountain. The presence of men and animals from that height are completely undefined but they protest their presence in the landscape.
The composition with aerial vision has a completely dilated perspective, bringing the possibility of looking beyond all limits, where the horizon is not defined by the creation of an arc that is one with the sky without a line of fracture through the sky and the earth.



Trent's Last Case (1929 movie)

Trent's Last Case is a 1929 American crime movie directed by Howard Hawks and is the second version of the 1913 novel of the same name by E. C. Bentley. It stars Raymond Griffith, Marceline Day, Raymond Hatton, Donald Crisp, Lawrence Gray, Anita Garvin and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ratris Khel Chale

Ratris Khel Chale (transl. The Game Runs At Night) is a Marathi supernatural thriller drama series.

It was started from 22 February 2016.

Pusaeus

Flavius Illustrius Pusaeus was a 5th-century politician of the Roman Empire and a student of the Greek philosopher Proclus. 

Pusaeus studied Greek philosophy, specifically Neoplatonism, under Proclus. The other students in Proclus' school were Rufinus (high-level Athenian official), Severianus (provincial governor), Pamprepius (lecturer and supporter of Illus' rebellion), Marcellinus (patrician and "magister militum" of Dalmatia), Anthemius (Roman consul and emperor), and Flavius Messius Phoebus Severus (consul, patrician and prefect of Rome). In 465, Pusaeus held the position of "praetorian prefect of the East". In 467, he was a consul while Anthemius was head of the Western Roman Empire. In Constantinople, there is an inscription in Latin surrounded by inscriptions in Greek that reads: "Pusaeus, no less than the great Anthemius, strengthened towers and walls". Pusaeus died sometime before 486.


Moonlight (2016 movie)

Moonlight is a 2016 American coming-of-age drama movie.

The Lady Eve

The Lady Eve is a 1941 American romantic comedy movie directed by Preston Sturges and was based on the story by Monckton Hoffe. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Fonda, Charles Coburn, Eugene Pallette, Eric Blore, Melville Cooper, Robert Greig and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1942.


Munich (movie)

Munich is a 2005 American-French-Canadian historical drama movie. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 2006. It is about the assassinations of Palestinian terrorists by Mossad agents following the Munich massacre of the Israeli Olympic athletes.

My Favorite Brunette

My Favourite Brunette is a 1947 American romantic mystery comedy movie directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, Peter Lorre, Lon Chaney, Jr., John Hoyt, Charles Dingle, Reginald Denny, Willard Robertson, Jack La Rue. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Burnt by the Sun

Burnt by the Sun (, translit. "Utomlyonnye solntsem", literally "wearied by the sun") is a 1994 Russian French drama movie directed by Nikita Mikhalkov (who also stars) and also starring Oleg Menshikov, Ingeborga Dapkūnaitė, Nadezhda Mikhalkova, André Oumansky. It won an Academy Award in 1995 and was followed up by two sequels in 2010 and 2011.


Joop Fernhout

Johannes “Joop” Fernhout (27 June 1920 - 9 October 1995) was a Dutch chess player and chess composer. 

During World War II, Fernhout worked at Statistics Netherlands. He was also a resistance member during the war. Fernhout became Master of Law in 1945 and moved for work to the Dutch Indies. During his business career there he was among others president of AVROS, an agricultural producers organization with 250,000 employees in North Sumatra. Fernhout became in 1948 chess champion of Batavia and West Java.

Fernhout moved back to the Netherlands in 1958, where he was among others chairman of the Kamer van Koophandel (the Dutch Chamber of Commerce) in The Hague.

Handball at the 1930 Women's World Games

The handball competitions at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague consisted of field handball and a Czech handball tournament.


The field handball tournament took place on 7 September 1930.

Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C.

Stocksbridge Park Steels Football Club is an English association football club based in Stocksbridge, South Yorkshire.

Microsoft Office 2016

Microsoft Office 2016 (First perpetual release Office 16) is an office suite for Windows. This is succeeding both Office 2013 and preceding Office 2019 and Office 2021, it was release on September 22, 2015 on Windows 10. Mainstream support of Office 2016 ended on October 13, 2020 and extended support same as most Office 2019 on October 14, 2025, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows 10. Office 2016 has supported of Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 or later and not longer supported of Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008.


Chief of Government of Buenos Aires

The Government Headquarters of the City of Buenos Aires is the form of government adopted by the Executive Power of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires since 1996, after the declaration of autonomy of this city, capital of the Argentine Republic.

This form of government is exercised by a Head of Government elected by popular vote, whose duration in office is four years and with the possibility of consecutive re-election for a single period. Along with the Head of Government there is also the figure of the Deputy Head of Government, who is also elected by popular vote with the same periods as the Head of Government and whose function is to temporarily assume command of the Executive Power in case of absence, or definitively in case of acephaly.

The figure of the Head of Government of the City of Buenos Aires replaced the previous figure of the Mayor of the City of Buenos Aires, who was appointed by the President in office, with the agreement of the Senate of Argentina.

Before 1996, the position of Chief of Government was known as Mayor of Buenos Aires. Back then, you were appointed mayor not elected. After a 1994 referendum, the title changed to Chief of Government and it became an elected position.


Nikolai Andreev

Nikolai Andreev (born in Russia) is a Russian mathematician and popularizer of mathematics.

Nikolai is the Head of the Laboratory for Popularization and Promotion of Mathematics at the Steklov Mathematical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Moscow). He received a Ph.D. in mathematics from Moscow State University in 2000. Among his many highly valued projects by the Russian mathematical community is the creation of the online resource Mathematical Etudes.

In the years 2000 and 2001 he participated in the International Mathematical Olympiad.

Prize of the President of the Russian Federation in the Area of ​​Sciences and Innovations for Young Scientists (2010)

Gold Medal of the Russian Academy of Sciences (2017) for outstanding achievements in science popularization

Leelavati Award (2022) for his contribution to the art of mathematical animation and mathematical model building, in a style that inspires young and old alike, and that mathematicians around the world can adapt to its many uses, as well as well as for his tireless efforts to popularize genuine mathematics among the public through videos, lectures, and an award-winning book

Osteocephalus alboguttatus

The whitebelly tree frog ("Osteocephalus alboguttatus") is a frog. It lives Ecuador in the Amazon Basin. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 34 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 35-46 mm long. This frog is brown in color with large white spots and a white belly. It has light brown color on its sides. The young frogs have cream-colored stripes. The iris of the eye is green-gold in color with black marks.

This frog lives in open places, forests, and banana farms.

The scientific name of this species comes from the Latin words "albo" for "white" and "gutta" for "spot."

Fencing at the 1930 Women's World Games

Fencing was one of the sports at the at the 1930 Women's World Games at the Letná Stadium in Prague in September 1930. Six fencers entered for the foil competition. However the German world champion Helene Mayer could not participate because she was ill.

A total of 20 matches were played. Every fencer competed twice against every other fencer.

Shepherdess at rest (Filippini)

Shepherdess at rest (also known as La Sosta or Siesta) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1887, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 193), from which it was bought in 1933.




Self-portrait as a young man (Filippini)

Self-portrait as a young man (also known as Autoritratto giovanile) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1873, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 1526).

Made when the artist was twenty, while attending the drawing school in Brescia, it is one of the three self-portraits made by Filippini.




Nude Study (Filippini)

Nude Study (also known as Studio di nudo virile) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1876, in Brescia, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 988).

The work is part of six other nude studies, preserved in the Civic Museums of Brescia and carried out by Filippini, during his transition from the Brescia drawing school to the Brera Academy in Milan.

This virile study was carried out by Filippini who had to make a copy of a painting from "Academia" to participate in the competition for the prize of the legate Brozzoni, which he needed to move to the Brera Academy in Milan.




Portrait of the mother (Filippini)

Portrait of the mother (also known as Ritratto della madre) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1877, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 608).

Umberto Boccioni was inspired by the work "Portrait of the mother'" by Francesco Filippini to create the portrait of his mother Portrait of the mother in 1910, painted in Via Adige 23 in Milan.

Filippini's mother, The work portrayed Silvia Signoria (1823-1877), mother of Filippini of humble origins, portrayed by Filippini during her studies at the Brera Academy in Milan.

It seems this work was the inspiration for the creation of the "Portrait of the mother" by Umberto Boccioni (oil on canvas 70 x 55.5) of 1916, part of the collection of the Ricci Oddi Gallery of Modern Art. Here too the mother is represented in a frontal position and a total flattening of the volumes made with strong contrasts of chiaroscuro that the lateral light projects on the faces. The brush strokes are made with short and quick strokes typical of Filipinos in the youth period.




Sunset (Filippini)

Sunset (also known as Vespero or Sosta - Gregge - Vespero) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1891, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 734).

The work with the title of "Vespero" was the most important of the 1981 Promotional Exhibition in Turin, amid the clamor of the public and visitors the poet Giuseppe Deabate dedicated his verses to him in the catalog of the same Exhibition, confirming that the paintings of Filippini are works of art and poetry.

The stylistic reference of Filippini in this painting is to his work "Return to the pasture" of 1888.
Filippini portrays, at sunset towards versa, those who, after their daily efforts, go to pray in front of an isolated "Santella" which is encountered in the path between work and devotion.




Nguyễn Bá Cẩn

Nguyễn Bá Cẩn (September 9, 1930 – May 20, 2009) was a South Vietnamese politician who served as Prime Minister of South Vietnam from 5 April 1975 until 28 April 1975; serving under Presidents Nguyễn Văn Thiệu and Trần Văn Hương.

Bá Cẩn died on May 20, 2009 in California, United States at the age of 78.

Mercado Libre

Mercado Libre, Inc. (literally "free market" in Spanish, and known as Mercado Livre in Portuguese) is a multinational company of Argentine origin based in Buenos Aires dedicated to electronic commerce in Latin America.

Users can sell and buy both new and used products at a fixed or variable price, plus private services are offered. Mercado Libre also has a service called Mercado Pago, a platform for charging buyers and payments and credits to sellers. Although their headquarters are in Argentina, their main and profitable operating markets are Brazil and Mexico, where they even operate with their own line of aircraft included.

GTE

GTE Corporation, formerly General Telephone & Electronics Corporation (1955–1982), was the largest independent telephone company in the United States during the days of the Bell System. The company operated from 1926.

NYNEX

NYNEX Corporation was an American telephone company that served five states of New England (Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont) as well as most of the state of New York from January 1, 1984, to August 14, 1997.

Verizon New England

Verizon New England, Inc. is a Bell Operating Company that serves most of Massachusetts and all of Rhode Island. It was formerly New England Telephone and Telegraph Company, more commonly known as New England Telephone, which for seven decades served most of the New England area of the United States as a part of the original AT&T. New England Telephone's coverage area included Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont as well as Massachusetts and Rhode Island, but Verizon sold off service in the northern three states, which as of 2020 are served by Consolidated Communications. 

After the Bell System divestiture, New England Telephone merged with New York Telephone to form NYNEX in 1984. NYNEX was acquired by Bell Atlantic in 1997. In 2000, Bell Atlantic bought GTE and changed its own name to Verizon. New England Telephone was then renamed Verizon New England.

MCI Inc.

MCI, Inc. (subsequently Worldcom and MCI WorldCom) was a telecommunications company.

WorldCom was originally headquartered in Clinton, Mississippi before relocating to Ashburn, Virginia when it changed its name to MCI.

Leny Rombout

Leny Rombout (born 1900s) was a Dutch athlete specialized in javelin throw from Dordrecht. She was a member of Sparta, Dordrecht and the Dutch national team.

In September 1925, she finished second at the Dutch national champion in the athletics’ triathlon behind Martha Kolthoff.

On 15 July 1929, she set the national record in javelin throw at the 1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition. On 18 August she broke the national javelin record again at the international competition against Belgium.

In August 1930, she won at the 1930 WAAA Championships, the British national championships, the javelin throw with a distance of 32.44 metres.
In September 1930, she competed at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague in the javelin throw event. She reached the finals where she finished sixth.


C&amp;P Telephone

The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company, usually known as C&P Telephone, is a company providing services to Washington, D.C., Maryland, West Virginia, and Virginia.

Today, three of the companies are owned by Verizon Communications: The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company (DC), The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company of Maryland, and The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company of Virginia. 

Diamond State Telephone

Verizon Delaware LLC, formerly The Diamond State Telephone Company, is the Bell Operating Company of Delaware, and small parts of southeastern Pennsylvania. Founded in 1897, it became a part of the Bell System in 1905. When the AT&T breakup occurred in 1984, DST became managed by the Regional Bell Operating Company Bell Atlantic. In 1994, Bell Atlantic chose to "unify" its brand by legally renaming all of its telephone companies — including Diamond State Telephone, to "Bell Atlantic – Delaware, Inc".

After the 2000 merger with GTE, Bell Atlantic – Delaware, Inc. became known as Verizon Delaware, Inc., and later as Verizon Delaware LLC.

Corn crake

The corn crake or landrail ("Crex crex") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Red-legged crake

The red-legged crake ("Rallina fasciata") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Qashqai people

Qashqai (قشقایی, also spelled Qaşqay, Qashqayi, Kashkai, Kashkay, Qašqāʾī and Qashqa'i or Kaşkay) is an Oghuz Turkic group of people living mainly in the Fars Province of Southern Iran. 
Their language is regarded as an independent third group of dialects within the Southwestern Turkic language group by the "Encyclopædia Iranica". It is known to speakers as Turki. Estimates of the number of Qashqai speakers vary between 1.6–2.5 million. 
The Qashqai are thought to trace its origins to the Bronze Age tribe "Kashka/Kaska" (also "Kaška or Kaskian") of the Ancient Near East.

Brawley, California

Brawley is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Calipatria, California

Calipatria is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Imperial, California

Imperial is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Westmorland, California

Westmorland is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Clearlake, California

Clearlake is a city in Lake County, California, United States.

Chowchilla, California

Chowchilla is a city in Madera County, California, United States.

Bogd Khanate of Mongolia

The Bogd Khanate of Mongolia (; ) was the government of Outer Mongolia between 1911 and 1919 and again from 1921 to 1924.

Zameer Khan

Zameer Khan was born 17 September, 1990. He is a Danish cricketer who has played 8 Twenty20 Internationals for Denmark.

Barton, Maryland

Barton is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Lonaconing, Maryland

Lonaconing is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Luke, Maryland

Luke is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Midland, Maryland

Midland is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Westernport, Maryland

Westernport is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Chesapeake Beach, Maryland

Chesapeake Beach is a town in Calvert County, Maryland, United States.

North Beach, Maryland

North Beach is a town in Calvert County, Maryland, United States.

The Two Mrs. Carrolls

The Two Mrs. Carrolls is a 1947 American mystery movie directed by Peter Godfrey (who also stars) and was based on the 1935 play of the same name by Martin Vale. Also starring Humphrey Bogart, Barbara Stanwyck, Alexis Smith, Nigel Bruce, Isobel Elsom, Patrick O'Moore. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and did poorly at the box office.


Federalsburg, Maryland

Federalsburg is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz

Doctor Heinz Doofenshmirtz, also known as Dr. Doofenshmirtz or Doof is a fictional character from the cartoon television series Phineas and Ferb and its spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law. He is played by Dan Povenmire. 

In Phineas and Ferb, Dr. Doofenshmirtz is an evil scientist who wants to use his machines to take over the Tri-State Area. He says he is “an evil scientist, not a mad scientist”. His nemesis Perry the Platypus stops his evil plans every day. Dr. Doofenshmirtz also has a lot of bad luck and says the reason he loses every time is because he has “poor planning skills”. Doofenshmirtz also gives almost every machine he builds a name ending with “inator”. Even though he calls himself evil and is the villain of the show, he has some good traits. For instance, he really does love his daughter Vanessa.

Dr. Doofenshmirtz likes to tell everyone his origin story to explain why he wants to try to be a supervillain. He says that neither of his parents showed up to the hospital the day he was born and that they never gave him a birthday party. He also says that his parents disowned him and he was raised by ocelots. Doofenshmirtz also says that when he was a child his only friend was a balloon that he lost and that his father made him stand all day in the lawn dressed up as a gnome. Doof also says his parents named their pet dog Only Son because Doofenshmirtz was scared to dive into a swimming pool and that his mother didn’t let him go swimming in public pools and she liked his younger brother Roger Doofenshmirtz better than she liked him because Roger was the only one of the two who was good at kickball. Doof was also forced to wear dresses since his parents had thought Roger would be a girl. Dr. Doofenshmirtz says he hates Roger not only out of jealousy but also because Roger accidentally destroyed a painting that Doof made. Since he was a child, Heinz Doofenshmirtz was in many science fairs but every time he lost to a baking soda volcano. And when he became a writer of poetry, he still lost to a baking soda volcano. He faced a lot of bullies over time. A woman he liked left him for someone with big hands. After moving to America and getting married and later getting a divorce he had a girlfriend who left him for a whale.

In almost every episode, Dr. Doofenshmirtz builds a machine called an inator either to get revenge on someone from a backstory or to take over the Tri-State Area and is beaten by Perry the Platypus. Even though he loses to Perry every time, Dr. Doofenshmirtz accidentally destroys whatever Phineas and Ferb built that day so that when their sister Candace tries to show it to their mother there is nothing there and Candace looks like she’s crazy.

In the second season of the show there was an episode called Summer Belongs to You where Dr. Doofenshmirtz works with Perry the Platypus to rescue his daughter Vanessa Doofenshmirtz. In the third season there was an episode called Agent Doof where Dr. Doofenshmirtz tries to become a secret agent working for the good guys and accidentally causes more problems than he did when he was evil so he decides to go back to being evil. In the Season Three episode, Where’s Perry, Dr. Doofenshmirtz builds a machine called the “Ultimate Evil-Inator” to turn Perry’s wikt:boss Major Monogram evil but accidentally hits Monogram’s assistant Carl making him turn evil. So Doof ends up working with Monogram and Perry to stop Carl because Carl is a more dangerous villain than Doof was so Dr. Doofenshmirtz builds a machine called the Re-Good Inator and turns Carl good again. In the movie Phineas and Ferb: Across the Second Dimension, Dr. Doofenshmirtz goes to a parallel universe where a more evil version of himself already won and Doof ends up stopping the other him from taking over the Tri-State Area from the main universe. In the Season 4, episode Mission Marvel, Doofenshmirtz accidentally steals the powers of the superheroes from Marvel Comics and teams up with the Marvel supervillains but the villains betray him so Doofenshmirtz helps stop them. In the Season 4 episode Minor Monogram, Doofenshmirtz’s sidekick betrays Dr. Doofenshmirtz and tries to take over the world so Doof helps stop him. In the Season Four episode, “Primal Perry” Dr. Doofenshmirtz hires a hunter from Australia named Liam to trap Perry the Platypus but ends up working with Perry to stop him after Liam tries to kill them both. In the episode Doof 101, it’s revealed that after summer ended Dr. Doofenshmirtz was given a choice between jail and community service and ended up as a high school science teacher. And the episode Act Your Age set in the future reveals that Dr. Doofenshmirtz didn’t commit any crimes since then. In the episode Phineas and Ferb save Summer, Dr. Doofenshmirtz helps the good guys stop a mad scientist named Rodney from putting the world in a new ice age but says he’s still evil. In the horror episode Night of the Living Pharmacists, he accidentally starts a zombie pharmacist apocalypse and helps to stop it. In the series finale Last Day of Summer, he builds a machine called the Do-Over Inator so that he can start the same day over any number of times and accidentally nearly destroys the universe so he tries to save it from himself and his daughter Vanessa convinces him to turn good.

Dr. Doofenshmirtz appears in both episodes of the spin-off The OWCA Files in which he’s partnered with Perry the Platypus and had to fight another evil scientist named Parenthesis. In the spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law, Dr. Doofenshmirtz invents time travel and changes his name to Professor Time. Doof also appears in the movie Phineas and Ferb: Candace Against the Universe where he helps fight the aliens and save Earth.

Mental gland

A mental gland is found in many amphibians and reptiles. Mental glands make pheromones.

There are two mental glands, one on each side of the head. They are behind the jawbone.

Mental glands make chemicals that come out through the skin. These chemicals help the animal tell when another animal is the same or a different species from them. The chemicals also help them choose mates.

Turtles bob their heads up and down when they see another turtle. Perhaps bobbing the head up and down helps the chemicals from the mental glands get in the air. Salamanders move when they see another salamander. For example, they snap their jaws. Only salamanders that have mental glands do this, so this also spreads the chemicals through the air.

Not all reptiles and amphibians have mental glands. Some species in the same family have mental glands and others do not.

In 2021, one team of scientists found that most turtles that have mental glands live in the water. Mental glands occurred just once in turtles, in the family Testudinoidea. Then some kept their glands and some lost them. Probably all turtles that have mental glands develop them from the same tissue.

Phineas and Ferb

Phineas and Ferb is a Disney Channel cartoon television series created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh. It aired from 2007 to 2015 and inspired two spin-offs called The OWCA Files and Milo Murphy’s Law. It was also adapted into two movies: and the Disney Plus original movie .

Phineas Flynn and his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher are two children who spend their summer vacation inventing new machines and/or building large contraptions so that they and their friends can have fun. Phineas’s sister Candace Flynn thinks that their mother would be angry with Phineas and Ferb if she saw the things they build so 
Candace spends each day trying to show her what Phineas and Ferb created to get her to punish them (or as Candace puts it to “bust” them.) But Phineas and Ferb’s pet platypus Perry is actually a spy secretly working for a group called OWCA (Organization Without a Cool Acronym) known as Perry the Platypus or Agent P who spends every day fighting the evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz. And every day Perry’s battle with Doofenshmirtz leads to him accidentally destroying whatever Phineas and Ferb built just before Candace shows it to her mother Linda so Linda sees nothing and doesn’t believe Candace who ends up looking crazy.

Rock concert

A rock concert is a live performance of rock music. The music at rock concerts are usually played by bands, but sometimes they are played by one person.

Milo Murphy's Law

Milo Murphy’s Law is an animated television series created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh as a spin-off of Phineas and Ferb and, starring Weird Al. It is centred on a 13 year old boy named Milo Murphy whose family is known for the slogan “anything that can go wrong will go wrong” because around all male members of the Murphy family “anything that can go wrong will go wrong”. Because of that, Milo Murphy makes sure to be completely prepared for anything that can happen no matter how strange or unlikely.

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Across The Second Dimension

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Across the Second Dimension is a 2011 TV movie based on the television series "Phineas and Ferb".


On the five-year anniversary of getting Perry the Platypus, Phineas Flynn and his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher accidentally catapult themselves into Dr. Doofenshmirtz’s building “Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated”. There Phineas and Ferb help Dr. Doofenshmirtz build an Other-Dimension-Inator and go to a parallel universe where a smarter and much more evil version of Dr. Doofenshmirtz managed to conquer and enslave the entire Tri-State Area, and Perry reveals his secret identity to protect Phineas and Ferb. Phineas’s sister Candace Flynn becomes convinced that there’s a “mysterious force” that makes everything Phineas and Ferb build disappear before she can show it to her mother. All four (and Dr. Doofenshmirtz ) end up having to work together to stop the parallel universe version of Dr. Doofenshmirtz from taking over Danville.

Like the show it’s based on, the movie is a musical. It includes the following songs.



Phineas Flynn

Phineas Flynn is a fictional character appearing in the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. Along with his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher, Phineas is the main protagonist. Phineas is known for the catchphrase “Ferb, I know what we’re gonna do today”.

Ferb Fletcher

Ferb Fletcher is a fictional character in the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. Ferb comes from Great Britain but moved to the United States after his father Lawrence Fletcher married an American woman named Linda Flynn who already had two children Candace Flynn who is older than Ferb is and Phineas Flynn who is about the same age as Ferb is. Unlike Phineas, Ferb rarely talks and is “more of a man of action”.

Candace Flynn

Candace Flynn is a fictional character created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh for the animated television series "Phineas and Ferb" and is the deuteragonist of the show. Candace is voiced by Ashley Tisdale.

Every day of their summer vacation Candace’s brother Phineas Flynn and their stepbrother Ferb Fletcher build a new machine or invention. Candace knows that she would get in serious trouble with her parents if she did anything like create Phineas and Ferb’s inventions which she believes are dangerous so every day she tries to show her mother Linda what Phineas and Ferb created so that she’ll get angry and punish them (or as Candace puts it “bust them”.) But by the time Candace shows her mother Phineas and Ferb’s latest invention it has mysteriously disappeared (normally because of Perry the Platypus’s battles against Dr. Doofenshmirtz) making Candace look like she’s insane.

Candace appears in Milo Murphy’s Law in the crossover episode The Phineas and Ferb Effect, in which she argues that Phineas and Ferb shouldn’t include Milo Murphy in their plan to save the world because around him “everything that can go wrong will go wrong” only to change her mind about Milo after realizing just how resourceful he is.
Candace is the main protagonist of the Disney Plus original movie .

Deuteragonist

In fiction a deuteragonist is the second most important character after the protagonist.

Scott Menville

Scott David Menville (born February 12, 1971) is an American actor. He is known for his voice work in animated films, television series and video games.

Andy Sturmer

Marvin Andrew Sturmer (born March 11, 1965) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and composer. He co-founded the rock band Jellyfish in 1989. He was the group's lead vocalist, drummer, and primary songwriter. Following their break-up in 1994, Sturmer became involved with Tamio Okuda, as writer and producer for the Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi. Although Sturmer maintains a low public profile, he continues working as a songwriter for cartoons produced by Disney and Cartoon Network and the music in Ben 10 and The Juice 2012 and 2014.

Janyse Jaud

Janyse Jaud (, born November 26, 1969) is a Canadian actress, musician and author.


Kathleen Barr

Kathleen Barr (born April 6, 1967) is a Canadian voice actress. She is best known for voicing Marie Kanker and Kevin in "Ed, Edd n Eddy" and Trixie Lulamoon and Queen Chrysalis in "". She also voiced Henri Richard Maurice Dutoit LeFevbre in "Liberty's Kids", Isis, and Delilah, in Krypto the Superdog. Dot Matrix in "ReBoot", Kaiko Nekton in "The Deep", Wheezie in "Dragon Tales", Gelorum in "Hot Wheels: AcceleRacers", and Sweetberry in "My Little Pony".

Jenn Forgie

Jennifer Forgie (born January 4, 1969) is a Canadian actress and singer. She is often credited as Jenn Forgie.

Forgie is well known for her anime roles on "InuYasha", as Jakotsu, the homosexual member of The Band of Seven and "Ranma ½" as Tsukasa. She also played May Kanker and Nazz von Bartonschmeer during the third season of the animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". However, the creator, Danny Antonucci, preferred Nazz and May's previous voice, Erin Fitzgerald, and had her flown to Canada to replace her for future episodes. She has also appeared in a TV movie about "Flight 93".

Patric Caird

Patric Caird is a Canadian film and television composer and musician.


Doug Parker (voice actor)

Douglas Parker (born December 17, 1957 in Canada) is a Canadian voice actor and animation director.

He has been active in the industry since 1985. He has cast, and directed many animated shows and films. He also has voiced characters in several cartoons and anime; he is probably best known for his work in "ToddWorld", which was nominated as an outstanding children's animated program. His character Terrosaur in "Beast Wars: Transformers" is also well-known, as well as Starscream. Doug also provided the voice of Prince Adam in "The New Adventures of He-Man" (1990).

The Super

The Super is a 1991 American comedy movie directed by Rod Daniel and starring Joe Pesci, Vincent Gardenia, Ruben Blades, Madolyn Smith, Stacey Travis, Carole Shelley, Kenny Blank. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office failure.


Terry Klassen

Terry Klassen (born March 31, 1957) is a Canadian voice actor, ADR director and writer. Before animation, Klassen worked in radio in Winnipeg (CITI-FM), Toronto (Q107), Calgary (CFAC), Portage la Prairie (CFRY) and part-time at CFOX and CFMI. In animation, he is best known for his work on "My Little Pony" being voice director of all episodes including the movie (Canadian talent) and the "" series. Klassen has also voiced many characters including Baby Sylvester in "Baby Looney Tunes", Tusky Husky in "Krypto the Superdog" and Tony and Seth Parsons in "The Cramp Twins".

Lee Tockar

Lee William Tockar (born February 11, 1969) is a Canadian voice actor and visual artist.
He works for several studios in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He is also a writer of children's literature, a musician, sculptor, illustrator and collected painter. Tockar is best known for his work on "", Eugene "Bling Bling Boy" Hamilton in "Johnny Test", George in "George of the Jungle", Doktor Frogg on "League of Super Evil", the titular character of "Yakkity Yak", the evil Makuta Teridax in the Bionicle films and Fidgel from "3-2-1 Penguins!". He also founded FanBuilt.com.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures

Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures is a 3D platform video game based on the Cartoon Network animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". It was developed by Artificial Mind and Movement and Cartoon Network Interactive and published by Midway Games.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Scam of the Century

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Scam of the Century is a video game developed by Japanese video game developer Art Co., Ltd and published by D3 Publisher for the Nintendo DS. The game is based on the Cartoon Network animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". It was released on October 23, 2007, in North America, on November 1, 2007, in Australia, and on November 30, 2007, in Europe.

Ed, Edd n Eddy (season 1)

Season 1 of the Cartoon Network TV series Ed, Edd n Eddy started on November 12 and ended on April 21, 2000.

Every episode of this season is directed by Danny Antonucci.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Ed, Edd n Eddy (season 2)

The second season of Ed, Edd n Eddy first aired on December 17, 1999 and ended on Decmber 31, 2001.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The Ed-touchables and Nagged to Ed

"The Ed-touchables" and "Nagged to Ed" are the two parts that make up the pilot episode of the Canadian-American animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". It premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on November 7, 1998.

List of Ed, Edd n Eddy episodes

Ed, Edd n Eddy is an animated television series broadcast on Cartoon Network, an American cable network. The series started showing on November 12, 1999.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

General
Specific

And That Is Why . . . Manipuri Myths Retold

And That Is Why . . . Manipuri Myths Retold is a book by L. Somi Roy. It is a children's book based on 12 stories from the Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology) of the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. The book is published by the Penguin Random House India under the Puffin Imprint. It was released by MP of Rajya Sabha and titular king Leishemba Sanajaoba at the Palace Compund, Imphal on the 21st June 2021. The stories are actually a collection of translated works from the original myths from the PuYas (Meitei language manuscripts) of ancient Manipur, rarely retold by people in the modern times.

Late scholar Ningthoukhongjam Khelchandra introduced the ancient Meitei manuscripts to L. Somi Roy. L. Somi Roy was helped by Thokchom Thouyangba Meitei, a scholar of ancient manuscripts, the artist Sapha Yumnam, and Manipuri historian Wangam Somorjit, in the creation of the book project. The author revisited the treasures of the ancient mythological tales of the Meiteis of the pre-Hindu Manipur. The illustration artist Sapha Yumnam confirmed that the artworks found in the ancient Meitei manuscripts are "primitive" having many warm toned colors like red, brown and little usage of black, grey and blue. In respect for the ancient artistic tradition, Sapha Yumnam used the very colours in the illustration of the book to be as faithfully close to the originals.

According to an interview with L. Somi Roy by the "Times of India", he said that the book was the first time for the Manipuri mythology being presented to the outside world and so, he was taking extra care. He further said that the stories are from a time before the arrival of Hinduism in Manipur. In the author's comment, every civilization doesn't have a mythology but Manipuri has its own mythology, and it's remarkable in consideration to the historical size of Manipur. He opined that Manipur's civilization is an Eastern oriented one while the rest of India is Western looking.

In an interview with L. Somi Roy by the "Indian Express", he said:
"We have high culture in dance and music, and even sports, but not much of a visual tradition. It is these rare manuscripts that make up the heritage of the Meitei community — and hence, need to be preserved as far as possible."

The book contains 12 stories about mythical creatures, heroes, gods and goddesses from the ancient mythological tales of the Meiteis of ancient Manipur.

Unexpected Uncle

Unexpected Uncle is a 1941 American comedy-drama movie directed by Peter Godfrey and starring Anne Shirley, James Craig, Charles Coburn, Ernest Truex, Renee Godfrey, Russell Gleason. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.

Nicknames of New York City

New York City has been known by many nicknames.



Marcos Galperin

Marcos Eduardo Galperin (Born, October 31, 1971) is an Argentine businessman known for being the founder, president and executive director of Mercado Libre.

In February 2020, Marcos Galperin left his position as CEO and president of Mercado Libre in Argentina. Galperin was replaced by Stelleo Passos Tolda, a Brazilian executive who until then was the company's Chief Operating Officer. 

Galperin stepped down as head of the board of directors of the e-commerce company's Argentine subsidiary, but will maintain his executive leadership role. He will also maintain his role as chief financial officer and chief manager of the company.

Just Between Friends

Just Between Friends is a 1986 American drama movie directed by first time director Allan Burns and starring Mary Tyler Moore, Christine Lahti, Sam Waterston, Ted Danson, Jane Greer, Mark Blum, Beverly Sanders, Lewis Arquette. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


She Done Him Wrong

She Done Him Wrong is a 1933 American romantic comedy movie directed by Lowell Sherman and was based on the 1928 play Diamond Lil by Mae West (who also stars). Also starring Cary Grant, Owen Moore, Gilbert Roland, Rochelle Hudson, Noah Beery Sr., Rafaela Ottiano and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1934.


Vanilla Sky

Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American British Spanish science fiction psychological thriller movie directed by Cameron Crowe and is based on the 1997 movie "Open Your Eyes". It stars Tom Cruise, Cameron Diaz, Kurt Russell, Penélope Cruz, Jason Lee, Tom Hanks, Alex Rocco, Harvey Fierstein, Noah Taylor, Timothy Spall, Tilda Swinton, Carolyn Pickles and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2002. It was released on December 14, 2001 in the United States and January 25, 2002 in the United Kingdom before it finally made its debut on ITV1 in 2006 as part of the Wednesday night movie premiere. 


Egor Rays

Egor Egorovich Rays (real name - Egor Egorovich Vinichenko, born October 10, 1987, Moscow, Moscow Region, USSR) is a Russian sports blogger, sports agent of Olympic athletes.

He is a laureate of the award in the field of educational development "Pedagog-Psychologist" of the year (2012), he is also a nominee of the award Russia the land of opportunities: "TOP BLOG" in the sports section.

Host of the podcast show on "Soviet Sport" - "Let's go to contact".

Sony Rana

Sony Rana (born 17 October 1965) or Sonee Rana is the first Nepalese female commercial-pilot. She is also the first Nepali female Boeing jet-pilot. She got her aviation license from Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal on 29 March 1991.
Rana was awarded with Order of Gorkha Dakshina Bahu (IV) in 1993.

She married Bijay Giri, a pilot in 2055 BS (1998-1999). Rana and Giri knew each other for seven year before their marriage. Giri died on a plane crash in Surkhet on 17 July 2002 (1 Shrawan 2059).

She has one daughter. Her younger brother Ashish Narasingh Rana is also a pilot. She currently lives in Maharajgunj, Kathmandu.

Perry the Platypus

Perry the Platypus, also known as Perry or Agent P is a fictional character created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh for the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. Perry is played by Dee Bradley Baker.

Phineas Flynn and his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher keep Perry as a pet but think that he’s just a regular platypus who “doesn’t do much”. Whenever Phineas has an idea for what he and Ferb will build that day someone asks “hey, where’s Perry”. Perry is actually a spy working for OWCA (the Organization Without a Cool Acronym) while wearing a fedora and is said to be OWCA’s best secret agent. Perry’s boss Major Monogram normally sends him to fight Dr. Doofenshmirtz. In almost every episode, Perry the Platyus shows up at Doof’s headquarters, Dr. Doofenshmirtz traps Perry, Doof explains his evil plan, Perry escapes, Perry and Dr. Doofenshmirtz fight, Perry beats Doofenshmirtz and Doof yells “Curse you, Perry the Platypus.” That said, there are some exceptions to this. For example, in the Season One Episode Journey to the Center of Candace, Dr. Doofenshmirtz decides to “mix it around a little” by beginning with describing his evil plan and then trapping Perry, but as soon as Dr. Doofenshmirtz explains his plan is “to destroy anyone who can’t make up their mind” Perry immediately catches and arrests Doof after having a flashback to his owner Phineas Flynn saying he couldn’t make up his mind.

In the episode Rouge Rabbit, Perry the Platypus is sent to fight an evil rabbit named Dennis who is more dangerous than Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz is. In the episode “Oh, there you are Perry”, Perry is told to leave Phineas and Ferb to fight a new supervillain the Regurgitator who takes on Dr. Doofenshmirtz as a sidekick and loses to Perry because of Doof’s stupidity. In some episodes, Perry actually works with Dr. Doofenshmirtz against a more dangerous villain.

Even though Dr. Doofenshmirtz is Perry’s nemesis when Perry isn’t trying to stop Doofenshmirtz from doing evil the two are actually friends. In the Season One episode Oil on Candace, Perry tries to cheer up Dr. Doofenshmirtz when he can’t convince his Professor that he’s good at being evil. In the episode Dude, We’re Getting the Band Back Together, Perry helps Doofenshmirtz throw a birthday party for his daughter Vanessa. In the episode Put that Putter Away, Perry and Doof vacation together. In one episode, Perry pretends to be Doofenshmirtz’s pet so that Doof can impress a woman he wants to date. In the episode It’s About Time, Perry has a song about how sad he is without Doofenshmirtz after Doof replaced him as an enemy with Peter the Panda. At one point, Dr. Doofenshmirtz tells Perry “You are my rock, Perry the Platypus, by which I mean the one person who’s always there for me”.

Perry plays a major role in where Perry reveals that he’s actually a secret agent to stop the parallel universe version of Dr. Doofenshmirtz from killing Phineas and Ferb but Phineas is angry with Perry for lying to him.

In the spin-off The OWCA Files, Perry has to train and work with a team of new partners one of whom is the no longer evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz.

In the spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law, Perry’s boss Major Monogram has him sent to Dr. Doofenshmirtz to stop Doof from accidentally causing problems while trying to be good. Only for Doofenshmirtz to find out and be angry with Perry because “you’re not my friend, you’re my babysitter”. Though in the series finale, Dr. Doofenshmirtz forgives Perry after finding out Perry spent all the money he was making on helping pay for Dr. Doofenshmirtz to invent time travel and become Professor Time. 

Osteocephalus buckleyi

Buckley's slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus buckleyi") is a frog. It lives Ecuador, Colombia, Bolivia, Brazil and the Guianas. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 42-50 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 63-69 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is dark green with brown spots. The skin where the legs meet the body is blue. It has bumps on its skin. There is some extra skin on the outsides of its feet. The iris of the eye is gold in color.

This frog hides during the day and moves around at night. At night, the frog sits on branches or plants near or hanging over streams. During the day, the frog hides on roots, rocks or dead tree trunks near the water.

XYY syndrome

XYY syndrome, also known as Jacobs syndrome, is an genetic disorder. People with this disorder have the wrong number of chromosomes in each of their cells, which is called aneuploidy. They have one X chromosome and 2 Y chromosomes in each cell. People with XYY syndrome are male, but normal males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome.


Northwestern Bell

Northwestern Bell is an American Midwestern telephone company. The network is doing business as CenturyLink (also called Lumen Technologies). It is operated in Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. The company began as Nebraska Telephone Company and Iowa Telephone Company.

In 1920, these and three other telephone groups were merged into one company and renamed Northwestern Bell Telephone Company. When the Bell System was phased out, it was renamed to Northwestern Bell a US WEST Company.

In the early 1990s, the Northwestern Bell name stopped being used. It was replaced under the US West Communications company banner. In 2010 or 2011, CenturyLink took over the Northwestern Bell name and the operations. At that same time, CenturyLink replaced the Qwest name. Northwestern Bell is still around although the name Northwestern Bell is no longer used for corporate identity.

1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition

The 1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 3 June 1928 at the Sports Parc of Royal Uccle Sport in Brussels, Belgium.

While being held in Belgium, the competition was organized by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation. The competition was the first international competition for Dutch women. It was organized to gain international experience in preparation for the 1928 Summer Olympics.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 50 points versus Belgium with 40 points. In general, the competition for the Netherlands was seen as a success, although there were also some setbacks. According to the Dutch media, the Belgians performed less well than expected with only setting one Belgian record by discus thrower Jenny Toitgans.

During the competition Lien Gisolf set a new record in the high jump. With a jump over 1.582 metres she beated the old record of Green of 1.55 metres. Besides of that Ter Horst set a new Dutch national record in the 100 metres; Michael’s set a new Dutch record in the discus throw and Jenny Toitgans set a new Belgian record in the discus throw.

For the first time, women's athletic events would be held at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. As the Dutch women's didn't have international experience the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation organized two international competition. This competition against Belgium and a competition against West-Germany to gain the Dutch women international experience. Some athletes were trained ahead of the competition by B. Verwaal. Belgian women already had some international experience as they competed in an international competition organized by the Brussels Femina Club in Brussels at the Josephat Parc against France and Great Britain in 1927.

The competition took place at the Sport Parc of Royal Uccle Sport. The field was was described as not very good being small, with a hard and uneven ground.

In the morning of 3 June the Dutch national team traveled by train to Brussels together with Dutch officials and some supporters. From there the team travelled by car to the Sport Parc of Royal Uccle Sports. Duting the competition the Dutch team wore orange shorts and a white shirt with the Dutch lion.

The competition consisted of 5 events: 100 metres, 800 metres, 4x 100 metres relay, high jump and discus throw. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the four individual events three athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the nation 6 points, the number 2 received 5 points, number 3 received 4 points etc. The nation winning the relay event wins 4 points and the other nation received 2 points. For the overall classication all points from each country are added together.

Twelve Dutch athlethes and eleven Belgian athletes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and Royal Belgian Athletics League and announced ahead of the competition.
The Dutch Annie de Jong-Zondervan was reserve for the 4x 100 metres relay event but didn't compete.

The competition had Dutch and Belgian jury members including D. J. de Vries, J. M. Hardeman and W. Boer.

The competition started with the 800 metres event. The Belgian Ina Degrande won the race, 10 metres ahead of the the Dutch Jo Mallon. Mallon's performance was praised by the Dutch press. Agaath van Noort did not performed as expected, as she because she was not fit. Out of competition, the Dutch woman Jeanne van Kesteren who lived in Belgium finished second in a time of 2 minues and 46.3 seconds. Van Kesteren was invited for the international competition later the year in Germany and became a reserve athlete for the Netherlands at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The Netherlands won the 800 metres with 13 points, with Belgium scoring 8 points.

The second event was the 100 metres. There were two times a false starts and the starting pistol faltered a few times. Bets ter Horst won the event in a new Dutch national record with a time of 13 seconds. The other two Dutch women finished second and third place. The Dutch former record holder Nettie Grooss finished in third place as she had a bad start, due to the false starts and faltering starter pistol.

The high jump was won by Lien Gisolf in new world. With a jump over 1.582 metres she beated the old record of Green of 1.55 metres.

The duscus throw event was won by the Belgian Jenny Toitgans in a new Belgian record of 30.18 metres. The Dutch women Lena Michaëlis also set a new national record with 26.83 metres. The former official Dutch record was of Martha Kolthoff with 23.84 metres with unrecognized throws of Nici Mür (24.11 metres) and L. Dekens (26.73 metres).

After the Dutch women finished first, second and third in the 100 metres event, the 4x 100 metres relay was according to the Dutch media "obviously" won by the Dutch team. The Dutch team set a time of 55 seconds, finishing 10 metres ahead of the Belgian team.

Spotted crake

The Spotted crake ("Porzana porzana") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Little crake

The Little crake ("Porzana parva") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

First Lord of the Treasury

The First Lord of the Treasury is the head of the commission exercising the ancient office of Lord High Treasurer in the United Kingdom, and is by convention also the prime minister. This office is not equivalent to the usual position of the "treasurer" in other governments; the closer equivalent of a treasurer in the United Kingdom is chancellor of the exchequer, who is the second lord of the Treasury.

The Arab knight (Guillemin)

The Arab knight or Le Chevalier guerrier arabe à cheval is a sculpture bronze equestrian statuette made in 1884 by Émile-Coriolan Guillemin and Alfred Barye.

Guillemin's Arabian Knight, for its beauty and notoriety, saw many non-original copies, both made at the time, in the 1800s, and low-value reproductions and counterfeits, sometimes made in Asia. The original version of the Arab Knight made in France, original of the time, is on the contrary of great historical and artistic value and inestimable.

The work depicts an Arab horseman returning from hunting, a duck and a gazelle clinging to his chair, a rifle slung over his shoulder. It is signed “E. Guillemin and Barye Fils”.

It was exhibited at the Salon in the Louvre in 1884.

At a Sotheby's auction in New York in 2008, "Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II" (1967), bronze, by Emile Guillemin was sold for 1,202,500 euros plus auction fees.


The composition of the bronze horse "Arab Rider" was created on the basis of the naturalist movement. The statue is the most important of the so-called "Belle Epoque" in France. The bronze horse is plastic and elegant, with an extraordinary anatomical study showing it in the position in which it finds itself, with the left front leg elegantly raised, where the base of the muscles is stretched and contracted in action. No less important is the delicate sculpture of his heroic knight in which it is necessary to emphasize the incredible precision of the representation of the face, which is accompanied by the movement of the body on the horse.

Orientalism is the Western fascination with exotic continents that became popular during the second half of the XIX century. Romantic portraits of African countries in contemporary literature and art, such as L'Africaine and Aida, foster this exoticism in European art. In the United States, the 1876 "Turkish Bazaar" at the Philadelphia Century Exhibition further increased its appeal with the "Turkish" or "Moorish" theme that persisted until the 1880s. Artists breaking away from the extreme monochrome of the Neoclassicism; making use of various bronzes, marbles, onyx and colored stones dipped in gold and silver, enriching the works of art, while maintaining a great interest in the ethnography of his material.




Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II

Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II or Kabyle woman from Algeria and Janissary of Sultan Mahmoud II is a sculpture in bronze made in 1884 by Émile-Coriolan Guillemin.

They are representative of the orientalist movement of the second half of the XIX.

"Kabyle Woman of Algeria" and "Janissary of Sultan Mahmoud II" are bronze busts with silver, gold and polychrome patina with hard colored stone cabochons, on Levant marble bases, forming a pair. The female figure is signed "Guillemin/1884", and the male figure is signed "Éle Guillemin".

Émile-Coriolan Guillemin specializes in works inspired by the Middle and Far East. His representations of Indian falconers (in collaboration with Alfred Barye), Turkish, Kurdish, Algerian or Japanese women established his reputation as an Orientalist sculptor of the mid 1870s. He exhibited for the last time at the Salon of 1899 and many of his works were purchased by the State.

The Janissary was a member of an elite military corps, originally made up of prisoners of war, who protected the Ottoman Empire and held a high social position until they were abolished by Sultan Mahmoud II (died 1839). Due to their popularity and political powers, they made an interesting subject for portraiture. The female bust, "Kabyle Woman from Algeria", was exhibited for the first time at the Salon of 1884 with great success. The current pair is an example of the finely detailed polychrome sculpture for which Guillemin was best known.

It was exhibited at the Salon in the Louvre in 1884.

At a Sotheby's auction in New York in 2008, "Female Kabyle of Algeria and Jannisary of Sultan Mahmoud II" (1967), bronze, by Emile Guillemin was sold for 1,202,500 euros plus auction fees.

Orientalism is a movement reflecting the fascination of the West for the exoticism of Eastern lands, which became popular during the second half of the 19th century. Romantic portrayals of African countries in contemporary literature and operas, such as "L'Africaine" and "Aida", have encouraged this exoticism. In the United States, the 1876 Turkish Bazaar at Philadelphia Century Exhibition further heightened the fascination with Turkish or Moorish themes that lasted well into the 1880s. Orientalist themes allowed artists to break free from the monochromy of neo-classicism. Using a range of gilded and silvered bronze, marble, onyx and colored stones, they enrich their work while maintaining a keen ethnographic interest in their models.




Culture of Vietnam

The culture of Vietnam is very diverse. There are many cultures present with influences from many places. Beginning in the Bronze Age, Đông Sơn was an ancestor to Vietnam's ancient history. China ruled large portions of Vietnam during the 1000 years of Northern rule. Because of this, Vietnamese culture was heavily influenced by Chinese culture. Vietnam is often considered part of the East Asian cultural sphere with China, South Korea, North Korea, and Japan.

After gaining independence from China in the 900s, Vietnam expanded to the South into the land of other people groups. This lead various cultural influences. Later, Vietnam became a French colony. Vietnam gained religious and linguistic influences from France.

Characteristics of Vietnamese culture include the following: honoring one's ancestors, respecting the community and the family, manual labor and living at peace with nature.

Striped crake

The striped crake ("Aenigmatolimnas marginalis") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Adam Armstrong (footballer)

Adam Armstrong (born February 10, 1997) is an English professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Premier League club Southampton.

Blackburn Rovers

England U17

England U20

England U21

Individual



Baldwin Locomotive Works

Baldwin Locomotive Works (abbreviated: BLW) was an American manufacturing company of railroad locomotives from 1825 to 1951, originally located in Philadelphia but moving to Eddystone, Pennsylvania, for a long time it was the world's largest producer of steam locomotives, after the success of diesel locomotives began in the demand for them, in 1951 it would produce its last of 70,000 locomotives before merging with Lima-Hamilton to make way for the Baldwin-Lima-Hamilton Corporation.



Shina people

The Shina, Shin or Gilgiti are a Dardic ethnic group who live in Gilgit-Baltistan region of northern Pakistan. They live in the Gilgit region, while Baltis live in the Baltistan region. They speak Shina which is a Dardic language. The Shina migrated from Central Asia to South Asia during the second millennium BC. Some live in India, but they are still Muslims like the ones in Pakistan.

Turvali

The Turvali or Turwal (Torwali/Pashto: توروال) are a Dardic tribe who live in Swat District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. They mostly live in the capital, Bahrain. They speak the Dardic language, Torwali. Some are Sunni Muslims while others are Shia.

María Eugenia Suárez

María Eugenia Suárez Riveiro (Born, March 9, 1992) also known as Eugenia Suárez or China Suárez is an Argentine actress, singer, model and fashion designer.

She was born on March 9, 1992 in the city of Buenos Aires, the daughter of Guillermo Suárez and Marcela Riveiro Mitsumori. She has an older brother, Agustín. On the paternal side of her family, she has Spanish ancestry, from Galicia and Catalonia, while on her maternal side she has Japanese ancestry, from the Prefecture of Kōchi, since her maternal grandmother, Marta Mitsumori, is the daughter of Japanese immigrants born in Argentina. 

It is because of her Japanese roots that she is affectionately called "China", because according to Suárez herself, "Japonesa" was a very long nickname for her.

In July 2013, she gave birth to her first daughter, Rufina Cabré Suárez, with her partner at the time, the Argentine actor Nicolás Cabré, In November 2013, she separated from the actor.

In February 2018 she had her second daughter, Magnolia Vicuña Suárez, with Chilean actor Benjamín Vicuña. In July 2020 her third child was born, and second with Benjamín Vicuña, Amancio Vicuña Suárez. In August In 2021, Suárez broke off her relationship with the actor after six years.
Come Dance with Me (TV series)

Come Dance with Me is an American reality television dance competition show. It premiered on CBS on April 15, 2022. 

The show pairs young dancers with a family member that has supported their training. The pair will perform a dance together for a panel of judges before choosing who goes to the next round. The show was created by LL Cool J, Chris O'Donnell, and Reinout Oerlemans.

Government of Argentina

The Government of Argentina is a representative, republican and federal democracy. It is guided by the current constitution. The President of Argentina is both the head of the country and head of the government. Executive power is exercised by the President.

Argentina was formed by the federative union of the provinces that emerged after the dissolution of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, and by the incorporation of those that were constituted from the national territories established as a result of the conquest of large territories natives. 

Due to the federal nature of its political organization, Argentina has two parallel government structures: on the one hand, the national structure, with its three powers, and on the other hand the 23 provincial structures -which pre-exist the Nation- plus that of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, which have autonomy and are governed by three powers in each case.

The authorities of the federal government have their headquarters in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. It is currently the "Capital of the Republic" or "Capital of the Nation", denominations used in the national Constitution and in the federalization law, but called the usual way Capital Federal.

Wong Kito Galo

Wong Kito Galo is a clump of ethnicities (nation) in the southeastern region of the Sumatra island which consists of various ethnic groups and speaks languages belonging to the Music language family. 

Etymologically, the ""Wong Kito Galo"" is directly taken from Palembang language which means "shared community" literally, it can be interpreted similarly to the concept of "Bhinneka Tunggal Ika". 

This family (nation) is classified using the primordial method; where kinship ties, similarities between ethnicities, origin places, linguistic and customs are the benchmark factors in the classification.

Some of the ethnic groups included in the "Wong Kito Galo" family are: 

List of Greek states, dynasties, countries and territories

This list is a list of Greek states, dynasties, countries and territories.

 also known as Eastern Roman Empire or Roman Empire 


Cool for the Summer

"Cool for the Summer" is a 2015 single by Demi Lovato and was released as the lead single to the 2015 album "Confident". It went to number one in Greece, Israel and went to top 10 in Czech Republic, Lebanon, New Zealand, Scotland, the United Kingdom and went to top 20 in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Slovakia, Spain and the United States.





Laurita Fernández

Laura Inés Fernández (Born, December 18, 1990), better known as Laurita Fernández, is an Argentine dancer, choreographer, host, model and actress.

She is mainly known for her participation in Showmatch, for hosting the youth program Combate, and being the host with the journalist Ángel de Brito in Cantando 2020 on El Trece.

She was born and raised in the neighborhood of Mataderos, Buenos Aires, in a house on Fonrouge and Alberdi, together with her parents, Carlos Fernández and Inés Stork Banquer, and her younger sister, Gabriela. After the separation of her parents, she went to live with her mother in Liniers.

Screaming Eggs

Screaming Eggs is a 1999 live-action/animated short film the final episode of the From Merrie Melodies series. It was released on Warner Bros. Animation theatrical on February 12, 1999. This is last movie directed by Chuck Jones about foods getting killed by humans. This film is about a carton of anthropomorphic talking eggs getting killed by Bob Jennigs and Mel Blanc (archival recording) by crack and frying them.

A carton of eggs realize that life isn't all it's cracked up to be.

Goldsboro, Maryland

Goldsboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Greensboro, Maryland

Greensboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Henderson, Maryland

Henderson is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Hillsboro, Maryland

Hillsboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Ministry of Defense (Argentina)

The Ministry of Defense (; MINDEF) is an agency of the Government of Argentina that assists and advises the President of the Argentine Nation in everything related to national defense and the Armed Forces.

It was created on June 13, 1958 with the promulgation of the Law of the National Congress called "Ministries" which was taken from the antecedent of the Ministry of Defense that Juan Domingo Perón had created and that was suppressed in 1954.

The current Minister of Defense is Jorge Taiana, appointed by President Alberto Fernández on August 10, 2021.


List of programs broadcast by Nick at Nite

The following is a list of programs broadcast by the American nighttime block Nick at Nite.


Occasionally, episodes have aired regularly or as marathons during Nick at Nite special events in the 1990s and 2000s. This has also occurred during crossovers with Nickelodeon special programming where the Nickelodeon programming runs into the regular Nick at Nite timeslot. A 30-year reunion special of "Double Dare" aired on November 23, 2016. Regular marathons occur on Nick at Nite. Usually when a show debuts, it receives an all-night or a week-long marathon. Seasonal marathons also occur for holidays such as Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas.

On June 17, 2019, Nick at Nite aired a simulcast of the 2019 MTV Movie & TV Awards for the first time, along with many of its sister networks. On August 26, it also aired a simulcast of the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards for the first time. In December 2019, Nick at Nite began airing a marathon of "Friends" to celebrate the show's 25 year anniversary since its finale throughout half of Nick at Nite's regular programming time. Nick at Nite aired a simulcast of the widely distributed "" on April 18, 2020.


 Indicates program that had also been broadcast on Nickelodeon.<br>

Trolls: The Beat Goes On!

Trolls: The Beat Goes On! is an American animated streaming television series produced by DreamWorks Animation. 


"Trolls: The Beat Goes On! - Seasons 1 - 4", containing all of the episodes from seasons 1–4, was released on DVD on May 7, 2019, by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment.


From Genesis to Revelation

From Genesis to Revelation is the debut studio album by Genesis. The album was released on March 7, 1969.

Systematic element name

Systematic names is of IUPAC naming of discovered elements like element 106 and beyond. nil=0 un=1 bi=2 tri=3 quad=4 pent=5 hex=6 sept=7 oct=8 enn=9 like element 110's older name which was ununnilium and that means 110, same story for 118 ununoctium means 118

Alpha Coronae Borealis

Alpha Coronae Borealis or Alphecca is the brightest star in the constellation Corona Borealis. It is a binary star in which a yellow star like our Sun orbits a larger white one.

1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition

The 1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 24 June 1928 in Lennep (near Elberfeld), Germany.

The competition was the second international competition for Dutch women after the 1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition three weeks earlier. The competition was organized as a "try-out" for the Olympics but moreover to gain international experience in preparation for the 1928 Summer Olympics.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 48 points versus Germany with 42 points. 

For the first time, women's athletic events would be held at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. As the Dutch women's didn't have international experience the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation organized two international competition. Two international competitions that included the 5 Olympic events for women were organised to gain the international experience. The coach of the team was B. Verwaal.

On 24 June, the day of the competition, the Dutch national athletes travelled by train to Oberhousen together with coach B. Verwaal and jury members J. M. Hardeman and D. J. de Vries.

The competition consisted of 5 events: 100 metres, 800 metres, 4x 100 metres relay, high jump and discus throw. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the four individual events three athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the nation 6 points, the number 2 received 5 points, number 3 received 4 points etc. The nation winning the relay event wins 4 points and the other nation received 2 points. For the overall classication all points from each country are added together.

The Twelve Dutch athlethes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and announced ahead of the competition.

The competition had Dutch and German jury members including from the Netherlands D. J. de Vries and J. M. Hardeman.

The competition was opened with a presentation of the teams followed with speaches of the mayor of Lennep, representatives of the Westdeutscher Spiel-Verband and a reply of D. J. de Vries.

There was a head wind during the 100 metres. Just as at the 1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition‎, the three Dutchwomen won the event. Now with Nettie Grooss, who had in bad start in the Belgian competition, in first place. In different sources the places of German women are in different positions.

The 800 metres event was won by German Elfriede Werner. The Dutch Jo Mallon who finished second also recieived tribute in the newspaper about her time.

World champion Lien Gisolf won the high jump event after jumping 1.45 metres. After this result the high jump event stopped, while Gisolf might have been able to jump higher.

Grete Heublein won the discus throw event ahead of Hilde Krewett and Lena Michaëlis. Different newspapers lists different distances. Below are the results listed of newspaper Het Vaderland, as in other sources the distance of the 6th place is further compared to the 5th place and so unlikely to be correct.

The Kid Laroi

Charlton Kenneth Jeffrey Howard (born 17 August 1963/1975/2003), known professionally as the Kid Laroi, is an Australian rapper and singer. He is the winner of many awards, including two ARIA Music Awards, five "Billboard" Music Awards, an iHeartRadio Music Award, and nominations for two Grammy Awards and three MTV Video Music Awards.

Howard began to record rap music over beats on his mother's phone and uploading them to SoundCloud. In an interview with Triple J, Howard said that the first rap name he gave himself was "FC6". In 2015, Howard formed the duo "Dream$Team" with Adelaide rapper DJ Marcus Jr., who became his mentor and support. They recorded songs together and performed to local audiences as DJ Marcus Jr. guided him through promoting, recording and developing buzz.

Beast (2022 American movie)

Beast is a 2022 American survival thriller movie directed by Baltasar Kormákur from a screenplay by Ryan Engle. It is based on a story by Jaime Primak Sullivan. The movie stars Idris Elba, Sharlto Copley, Iyana Halley, Leah Sava Jeffries, and Riley Keough.

"Beast" was released in the United States on August 19, 2022, by Universal Pictures.

Mickey Mouse (TV series)

Mickey Mouse is an American animated comedy television series produced by Disney Television Animation.







As of March 2014, a total of 100 million viewers in the United States had seen the series. It was broadcast in 160 countries. As of June 2014, the show, translated in 34 languages, had reached over 135 million viewers worldwide.

A Mickey Mouse-themed attraction, titled "Mickey & Minnie's Runaway Railway", replaced The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. This attraction was also announced to open at the Mickey's Toontown section of Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort for a planned 2023 opening date in Anaheim, California. The attraction is the third Mickey Mouse-themed attraction at any Disney property worldwide, only behind The Mickey Mouse Revue and Mickey's Philharmagic, directly based on the series and involves guests watching the premiere of a new Mickey Mouse cartoon and then entering the cartoon itself. The show's creative team, including Paul Rudish, Joseph Holt and composer Christopher Willis, collaborated with Walt Disney Imagineering to create the attraction, which opened on March 4, 2020, at Disney's Hollywood Studios.


Blackslough

Blackslough is a forest and former village on a hill near Wincanton in Somerset. The area has also been called, Blackslough Wood, or Black Slough. In the wood their used to be a farm called Blackslough Farm and a lodge called Blackslough Lodge. Blackslough is now deserted and nobody lives there, there is also almost no proof that the settlement existed. Blackslough is near the mouth of a small stream. The area is now filled with paths, fences and a gate to the former farmland.

Telebimbi

Telebimbi is a Canadian Category B-exempt Italian language specialty channel owned by TLN Media Group. Telebimbi broadcasts for children in addition to select family-oriented programming.

Telebimbi broadcasts programming for kids of all ages, as well as family-oriented programming.



Trailer Horn

Trailer Horn is a 1950 animated short film featuring Donald Duck and Chip 'n' Dale. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".


Mumble rap

Mumble rap (also referred to as "melodic rap") is a loosely defined subgenre of hip hop that became popular in the mid-2010s. The term is a derogatory term for "melodic rap" which implies a mumbling or unclear vocal delivery by artists, and is used to describe rappers that predominantly use autotune around their vocals. It may generally refer to rappers who do not share the genre's traditional emphasis on lyricism. A notable mumble rapper is Future.

The Chicken Squad

The Chicken Squad is an American computer-animated children's television series. It was created by Tom Rogers that premiered on Disney Junior on May 14, 2021. It is based on the books written by Doreen Cronin. The series features the voices of Yvette Nicole Brown, Ramone Hamilton, Gabriella Graves and Maxwell Simkins. The series theme song is performed by former "Kids Incorporated" star Renee Sands.

Univision Tlnovelas

Univision tlnovelas is an American Spanish language cable television network. It broadcasts telenovelas. The channel is owned by TelevisaUnivision USA. It was launched on March 1, 2012.



Ecuador slender-legged tree frog

The Ecuador slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus verruciger") is a frog. It lives Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 1400 and 2000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 44.3–53.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45.5–70.0 mm long. The male frog has olive colored skin on its back. The female frog has dark brown skin on its back. The place where the legs meet the body and the upper front legs are dark brown. There is dark red-brown color on the feet. The throat is cream in color. The belly is red-bronze in color with dark brown marks.

This frog lives in secondary forest on rainy mountains and in open areas.

VIETV

VIETV is an American Vietnamese-language broadcast television network based in Houston, Texas. The network began broadcasting over-the-air in Houston in 2011.

It has since started affiliates broadcasting in Los Angeles, California, Orange County, California, San Francisco, California, San Jose, California, Dallas, Texas, Atlanta, Georgia, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Boston, Massachusetts, and Washington, D.C. The Houston, Dallas, Los Angeles, and San Jose affiliates are also available in live streaming video on the Vietv.com website. The network has created the UNO IP IPTV set-top box for viewing their content on televisions outside their broadcast area.
VIETV has six studios. This includes their headquarters in Houston and locations in Southern California, Northern California, Boston, and Philadelphia. Original programming on VIETV includes the "Evening NEWS" and "NEWS @ Nite" programs, the "It's Your Birthday" children's show, "Cooking with Chef Cam-Yuet", "Beauty by Tiffani", "World Travel", and "The Law & Legal Issues", hosted by VIETV president Robert Pham.

Barney and the Backyard Gang

Barney and the Backyard Gang (also known as Barney) is an American live action animated television series that aired from August 29, 1988 to August 1, 1991. It started as a series of home videos and then in 1991, Barney and Friends began production. The home videos were filmed in Allen, Texas in the 80s to Dallas, Texas. In 1991, Barney and The Backyard Gang performed at The Majestic Theater Dallas. The Backyard Gang kids are Michael, Amy, Lucy, Tina, Jason, (replaced by Derek) and Adam (replaced by Jeffrey in one (episode).

The show aired on Disney Channel for it's Lunch Box Program in 1990. Three of the videotapes were also broadcasted on Nickelodeon.

DisneyNow

DisneyNow (stylized as DisneyNOW) is a TV Everywhere app for Disney Channel, Disney Junior, and Disney XD. It launched on September 29, 2017.
With the launch of the subscription streaming service Disney+ in November 2019, Disney began to remove library content from DisneyNow including "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse", "That's So Raven", "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", "Phineas and Ferb", "Gravity Falls", "Amphibia, The Proud Family", and "Andi Mack", as well as older seasons of shows like "Raven's Home", "Bunk'd", "Big City Greens", and "DuckTales" in order to encourage subscription to the service. 


N/A

Smokeless tobacco

Smokeless tobacco is a tobacco product that is used in ways other than smoking. Their use includes chewing, sniffing, or placing the product between gum and the cheek or lip. Smokeless tobacco products are produced in various forms, such as chewing tobacco, snuff, snus, and dissolvable tobacco products. Smokeless tobacco products typically contain over 3000 constituents. All smokeless tobacco products contain nicotine and are highly addictive because of this. Quitting smokeless tobacco use is as difficult as quitting normal smoking.

TV Everywhere

TV Everywhere (also known as authenticated streaming or authenticated video on-demand) is a type of subscription business model.

1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition

The 1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 14 July 1929 in Gouda, the Netherlands. The athletes from Germany were from West-Germany.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 45.4 points versus Germany with 40.5 points.

During the competition Heublein set a new world record in shot put. Three Dutch national records were broken, in the 80 m hurdles by Annie de Jong-Zondervan; in the javelin throw by Leny Rombout and in the 4x 100 metres relay.

The competition consisted of 8 individual events and a relay event. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the individual events two athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the most points, with every other place one point less. For the overall classication, all points scored by the athlete from each country are added together.

The Dutch athlethes selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation, and the West-German athletes were announced ahead of the competition.

In "italic" the athletes that were not at this entrants list, but are in the final results.

Philo (company)

Philo (formerly Tivli) is an American internet television company currently based in San Francisco, California.


Raul Nicolau Gonçalves

Archbishop Raul Nicolau Gonçalves (15 June 1927 – 1 July 2022) was an Indian prelate. He was the first Catholic Goan to be Archbishop of Goa and Patriarch of the East Indies.

He was the archbishop emeritus of Goa.

Richard Taruskin

Richard Filler Taruskin (April 2, 1945 – July 1, 2022) was an American musicologist and music critic. He was the best known music historians of his generation. He wrote for "The New York Times". He is best known for his survey of Western classical music, the six-volume "Oxford History of Western Music". He also won the Kyoto Prize in 2017.

Taruskin died from esophageal cancer at a hospital in Oakland, California, on July 1, 2022, aged 77.

Alain de Cadenet

Alain de Cadenet (27 November 1945 – 2 July 2022) was an English television presenter and racing driver. He was known for racing in 15 24 Hours of Le Mans races during the 1970s and 1980s. He came in third place in 1976.

De Cadenet died on 2 July 2022 from bile duct cancer, aged 76.

Miguel Etchecolatz

Miguel Osvaldo Etchecolatz (1 May 1929 – 2 July 2022) was a Argentine police officer. He worked in the Buenos Aires Provincial Police during the first years of the military dictatorship of the 1970s. Etchecolatz was involved in the National Reorganization Process ("El proceso"). He was first convicted in 1986 of crimes committed during this period. He was known for being part of mass murders during the Dirty War.

Jane Garrett

Jane Furneaux Garrett (16 March 1973 – 2 July 2022) was an Australian politician. She was the Labor Party member for Brunswick in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 2010 until 2018. She later became a member of the Victorian Legislative Council representing Eastern Victoria.

In November 2016, Garrett was diagnosed with breast cancer. She died in Melbourne, Australia on 2 July 2022 from the disease, aged 49.

Discovery Life

Discovery Life is an American cable television network owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.

Laurent Noël

Laurent Noël (March 19, 1920 – July 2, 2022) was a Canadian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of Diocese of Trois-Rivières from 1975 to 1996. Noël was born in Saint-Just-de-Bretenières, Quebec. He became a priest in 1944. 

After the death of Damián Iguacén Borau on 24 November 2020, he became the oldest living Catholic bishop. After the death of Remi De Roo on 1 February 2022, he became the last surviving Canadian bishop to be part of the Second Vatican Council.

Saúl Rivero

Saúl Lorenzo Rivero Rocha (23 July 1954 – 2 July 2022) was a Uruguayan football player and manager. He played as a midfielder. Rivero made nine appearances for the Uruguay national team from 1974 to 1976.

Leonid Shvartsman

Leonid Aronovich Shvartsman (born Izrail Aronovich Shvartsman, ; 30 August 1920 – 2 July 2022) was a Soviet and Russian animator and visual artist. He was known for his works in "Cheburashka", "38 Parrots", "The Golden Antelope", "The Scarlet Flower" and "The Snow Queen".

Shvartsman died on 2 July 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 101.

Irving Abella

Irving Martin Abella (July 2, 1940 – July 3, 2022) was a Canadian historian. He was a professor at York University from 1968 to 2013. His works focused in the history of the Jews in Canada and the Canadian labour movement.

Abella died on July 3, 2022, one day after his 82nd birthday.

Robert Curl

Robert Floyd Curl Jr. (August 23, 1933 – July 3, 2022) was an American chemist. He was a professor of Natural Sciences and Professor of Chemistry at Rice University. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1996 for the discovery of the nanomaterial buckminsterfullerene.

Curl died in Houston, Texas on July 3, 2022, at the age of 88.

Ni Kuang

Ni Cong (30 May 1935 – 3 July 2022), courtesy name Yiming, better known by his pen name Ni Kuang (also romanised Ngai Hong, I Kuang and Yi Kuang), was a Hong Kong novelist and screenwriter. He wrote over 300 Chinese-language novels, and more than 400 movie scripts. His best known movies were "One-Armed Swordsman" (1967) and "The Seventh Curse" (1986). He was born in Shanghai.

Ni died on 3 July 2022 in Hong Kong from skin cancer, aged 87.

Ministry of Security (Argentina)

The Ministry of Security is a public body in charge of planning national internal security policies and managing and coordinating federal forces.

It was created by decree of the Executive Power of the Nation on December 10, 2010, after separating from the Ministry of Justice. It is currently directed by Aníbal Fernández.

The ministry is in charge of the Argentine Federal Police, the Airport Security Police, the Federal Council for Internal Security, the Argentine Naval Prefecture and the Argentine National Gendarmerie.

Sérgio Paulo Rouanet

Sérgio Paulo Rouanet (23 February 1934 – 3 July 2022) was a Brazilian politician, philosopher, essayist, and scholar. He was the Secretary of Culture between 1991 and 1992. Rouanet was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters from 1992 to his death. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Rouanet died from problems caused by Parkinson's disease on 3 July 2022, in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 88.

Barbara Freitag

Barbara Freitag-Rouanet (born 26 November 1941) is a German-born Brazilian sociologist, author, and academic. She works at Universidade de Brasília.

Sergey Sosnovsky

Sergey Valentinovich Sosnovsky (; 1 January 1955 – 3 July 2022) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was honored with the People's Artist of Russia in 2004. He appeared in 100 movies. His best known roles were in "To Live", "Metro", "The Factory", "One Breath" and "Doctor Lisa".
Sosnovsky died on 3 July 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 67.

Polar Trappers

Polar Trappers is a 1938 Donald Duck and Goofy cartoon set in the South Pole, where the duo are trapping polar animals (or at least, attempting to). This is the first cartoon where Donald Duck and Goofy appear without Mickey Mouse.

Ye Olden Days

Ye Olden Days is a 1933 animated short film.

It was released as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. It was directed by Burt Gillett and produced by Walt Disney. It was the 55th Mickey Mouse short film, and the fifth of that year. 1991 the walt disney company.


Dusky moorhen

The Dusky moorhen ("Gallinula tenebrosa") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Water rail

The Water rail ("Rallus aquaticus") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Alan Blaikley

Alan Tudor Blaikley (23 March 1940 – 4 July 2022) was an English songwriter and composer. He was best known for writing the UK number one singles "Have I the Right?" and "The Legend of Xanadu". He also wrote the theme music for the BBC's long-running series of Agatha Christie's "Miss Marple".

Remco Campert

Remco Campert (28 July 1929 – 4 July 2022) was a Dutch author, poet and columnist. Between 1949 and 1952 Campert drew cartoons for the Dutch magazine "Mandrill" and "Het Parool" and in the 1970s for "Haagse Post". In 1979 he drew comics for NRC Handelsblad.


Hank Goldberg

Henry Edward Goldberg (July 4, 1940 – July 4, 2022) was an American sports radio and television personality. He was the radio color commentator for the Miami Dolphins from 1978 to 1992. He also worked at WIOD, WTVJ and ESPN in 1993.

Goldberg died at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada on July 4, 2022 from kidney failure and diabetes on his 82nd birthday.

Paolo Grossi (judge)

Paolo Grossi (29 January 1933 – 4 July 2022) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was President of the Constitutional Court of Italy between 24 February 2016 and 23 February 2018. Grossi was a judge on the Court from 23 February 2009 to 23 February 2018. Grossi was born in Florence, Italy.

Grossi died on 4 July 2022 in Florence, aged 89.

Mona Hammond

Mona Hammond (born Mavis Chin; 1 January 1931 – 4 July 2022) was a Jamaican-British actress. She was the co-founder of the Talawa Theatre Company. She was best known for her work on British television and played Blossom Jackson in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Hammond was made an OBE in the 2005 Queen's Birthday Honours List.

Hammond died on 4 July 2022, at the age of 91.

Cláudio Hummes

Cláudio Hummes, OFM (; born Auri Alfonso Hummes; 8 August 1934 – 4 July 2022) was a Brazilian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy from 2006 to 2010. He was the Archbishop of Fortaleza from 1996 to 1998 and Archbishop of São Paulo from 1998 to 2006. He became a cardinal in 2001.

Hummes died on 4 July 2022 in São Paulo, Brazil from lung cancer. He was 87.

Janusz Kupcewicz

Janusz Bogdan Kupcewicz (9 December 1955 – 4 July 2022) was a Polish professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. He was seen as one of the best Polish players during his time. He played with the Poland national football team from 1976 to 1983, making twenty appearances. He played for the team during the 1982 World Cup.

Kupcewicz died on 4 July 2022 in Gdańsk, Poland from a stroke caused by diabetes at the age of 66.

Mohammed Barkindo

Mohammed Sanusi Barkindo (20 April 1959 – 5 July 2022) was a Nigerian politician. From 1 August 2016 until his death, he was the Secretary General of OPEC.

Barkindo died on 5 July 2022 in Abuja, Nigeria from a heart attack at the age of 63.

Abdallah Salem el-Badri

Abdalla Salem el-Badri (born 25 May 1940) is a Libyan politician. He was Chairman of the National Oil Corporation (NOC), Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Energy, Minister of Management, and Deputy Prime Minister. He was also the longest-serving Secretary General of OPEC being in the role in 1994 and then 2007 to 2016.

Subroto (politician)

Subroto (19 September 1923 – 20 December 2022) was an Indonesian politician and economist. He was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources between 1978 and 1988, and Secretary General of OPEC between 1988 and 1994.

Subroto died on 20 December 2022, at the age of 99.

OPEC siege

On December 21, 1975, six military officials attacked a meeting of OPEC leaders in Vienna, Austria. The attackers took more than 60 hostages after killing an Austrian policeman, an Iraqi OPEC security officer, and a Libyan economist. Many other individuals were wounded. 

The self-named "Arm of the Arab Revolution" group was led by Carlos the Jackal. The siege caused in complex diplomatic negotiations. It ended two days later, after flights to Algiers and Tripoli, with all the hostages and terrorists walking away from the situation. 

Since this was one of the first times that Arab states were targeted by terrorists also led to them being more active in antiterrorism efforts at the United Nations. 

Manny Charlton

Manuel Charlton (25 July 1941 – 5 July 2022) was a Scottish hard rock guitarist. He was the founding member of the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth and was their lead guitarist from 1968 to 1990.

Charlton died on 5 July 2022 at the age of 80.


Richard J. Bernstein

Richard Jacob Bernstein (May 14, 1932 – July 4, 2022) was an American philosopher and academic. He taught at The New School for Social Research. He wrote about American pragmatism, neopragmatism, critical theory, deconstruction, social philosophy, political philosophy, and Hermeneutics. 

Bernstein died in New York City on July 4, 2022 at the age of 90.

Chris Chittell

Christopher John Chittell (born 19 May 1948) is an English actor, known for portraying the role of Eric Pollard in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale", which he has played continuously since 1986. He is the longest-serving cast member in the shows history.

Bryan Marchment

Bryan William Marchment (May 1, 1969 – July 6, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Jets, Chicago Blackhawks, Hartford Whalers, Edmonton Oilers, Tampa Bay Lightning, San Jose Sharks, Colorado Avalanche, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Calgary Flames between 1989 and 2006.

Marchment died on July 6, 2022, in Montreal, Canada at the age of 53.

Arnaldo Pambianco

Arnaldo Pambianco (16 August 1935 – 6 July 2022) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist. He won in the 1961 Giro d'Italia. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics and came in seventh place.

Bertinoro

Bertinoro () is a town and "comune" in the province of Forlì-Cesena, Emilia-Romagna (Italy). It is located on hill Mount Cesubeo, in Romagna.

Blacktip reef shark

The blacktip reef shark ("Carcharhinus melanopterus") is a species of shark, in the family Carcharhinidae. They live in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. They are found in shallow, inshore waters. They are usually .

Good Morning, Mickey!

Good Morning, Mickey! is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. It was first aired on April 18, 1983 when Disney Channel was launched. It was one of the Disney Channel's first original programs, and the first program to air at the channel's launch. It featured Disney animated shorts. Although Mickey Mouse shorts were the primary programming, additional cartoons featuring Goofy, Donald Duck, Chip 'n' Dale, Pluto, and others were also shown. Its time-slot for its early run was at 7 a.m. Eastern/Pacific Time, making it the first program of The Disney Channel's 16 (later 18) hour programming day. Later on, its time-slot was changed to 7:30 a.m. ET/PT, making it the second program of the channel's programming day. A similar show that premiered later on The Disney Channel was "Donald Duck Presents". "Good Morning, Mickey!" was replaced by "Mickey's Mouse Tracks" in 1992.
This show was released on VHS PAL in the UK as part of a six-volume set which also each featured an episode of "Welcome to Pooh Corner", "The Mouse Factory", "Donald Duck Presents" and "Mousercise". Each tape contained one Disney cartoon short.


Kazuki Takahashi

On July 6, 2022, Takahashi was found dead off the shore of Nago, Japan. Takahashi had been wearing snorkeling gear at the time of his death. It was discovered that he was attacked by a Blacktip reef shark and drowned on July 4, 2022.

İlter Türkmen

İlter Türkmen (8 November 1927 – 6 July 2022) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Istanbul, Turkey. He was the minister of foreign affairs from 1980 to 1983.

Türkmen died on 6 July 2022 in Istanbul at the age of 94.

Jim Van Pelt

James S. Van Pelt (November 11, 1935 – July 2, 2022) was an American and Canadian Football player. He played at the quarterback position for the University of Michigan from 1955 to 1957. He played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League in 1958 and 1959. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Van Pelt died on July 2, 2022 in Winnetka, Illinois from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 86.

Tricia (elephant)

Tricia (24 January 1957 – 6 July 2022) was an Asian elephant. She lived at the Perth Zoo in Perth, Western Australia. She lived to be one of the oldest Asian elephants in the world. Tricia was born in Saigon.

Tricia died on 6 July 2022 at the Perth Zoo at the age of 65.

July–September 2022 Conservative Party leadership election

The July - September 2022 Conservative Party leadership election was to elect Boris Johnson's successor as leader of the Conservative Party.
After the government crisis Johnson announced his resignation on 7 July 2022.
The election was held between 12 July 2022 and 5 September 2022. Liz Truss won and became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

The following MPs announced that they would seek the leadership of the Conservative Party but subsequently did not stand, or withdrew from the race, due to insufficient support or other reasons before the first ballot was cast:
The following Conservative Party politicians publicly ruled themselves out of standing:

Nadhim Zahawi

Nadhim Zahawi (; born 2 June 1967) is an Iraqi-born British politician who was recently Chairman of the Conservative Party and Minister without Portfolio from 25 October 2022 to 29 January 2023. He was the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 6 September to 25 October 2022. He was the Chancellor of the Exchequer from July 2022 to September 2022. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Stratford-on-Avon since 2010.

Zahawi was Secretary of State for Education from 2021 to 2022 and Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for COVID-19 Vaccine Deployment from 2020 to 2021.

In July 2022, Zahawi announced his candidacy to be Leader of the Conservative Party in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson. He was eliminated from the election in the first round of voting on 13 July.

Suella Braverman

Sue-Ellen Cassiana "Suella" Braverman (; born 3 April 1980) is a British politician and lawyer. She has been the Home Secretary from 25 October 2022 until 13 November 2023. She was in the same role before under Liz Truss from 6 September to 14 October 2022. She was the Attorney General for England and Wales from 2020 to 2022. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Fareham since 2015. She is a member of the Conservative Party.

In July 2022, Braverman announced her candidacy for Leader of the Conservative Party in the leadership election to replace Boris Johnson. She was eliminated in the sound round of voting on 14 July 2022.

Braverman resigned as Home Secretary on 19 October 2022. She said this was because she had made an "honest mistake" by sharing an official document from her personal email address with a colleague in Parliament. In her resignation letter she criticized the leadership of Truss. When Rishi Sunak replaced Truss as prime minister, he picked Braverman as Home Secretary again.

Jake Berry

Sir James Jacob Gilchrist Berry (born 29 December 1978) is a British Conservative Party politician and former solicitor who was Chairman of the Conservative Party and Minister without Portfolio from 6 September to 25 October 2022. He was Minister for the Northern Powerhouse, from 2017 to 2020, in the governments of Theresa May and Boris Johnson.

He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rossendale and Darwen since 2010.

Grant Shapps

Grant Shapps (born 14 September 1968) is a British politician for the Conservative Party who has been the Secretary of State for Defence since 31 August 2023. He was the Home Secretary from 19 October 2022 to 25 October 2022. He has also been a Member of Parliament (MP) for Welwyn Hatfield since 2005.

In July 2022, Shapps unsuccessfully ran to be Leader of the Conservative Party in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson.

Steve Barclay

Stephen Paul Barclay (born 3 May 1972) is a British politician who is the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs since November 2023. He was previously the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 25 October 2022 until 13 November 2023 in the Rishi Sunak government. 

Barclay was Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union from 2018 to 2020, Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2020 to 2021, Minister for the Cabinet Office and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 2021 to 2022, and Downing Street Chief of Staff from 5 February 2022 until 5 July 2022. He was the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 7 July 2022 until 6 September 2022. 

He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for North East Cambridgeshire since 2010.

Tobias Ellwood

Tobias Martin Ellwood (born 12 August 1966) is a British Conservative Party politician, soldier and author. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bournemouth East since 2005.

On 2 February 2022, Ellwood stated he would be sending the 1922 Committee a letter of no confidence in Boris Johnson.

2022 Karakalpak protests

Protests broke out in the autonomous region of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan on 1 July 2022 over proposed amendments by Shavkat Mirziyoyev, the Uzbek President, to the Constitution of Uzbekistan. The proposed change would have ended Karakalpakstan's status as an autonomous region of Uzbekistan and right to leave Uzbekistan.

Karakalpakstan

Karakalpakstan is an autonomous republic within Uzbekistan. It is in the northwestern part of Uzbekistan. The capital is Nukus.

Nukus

Nukus ( / ; / ; / ) is the sixth-largest city in Uzbekistan and the capital of the autonomous Republic of Karakalpakstan. The population of Nukus as of January 1, 2022 was 329,100.

2022 New South Wales floods

Heavy flooding in the Central Coast and Sydney areas of New South Wales, Australia, began in early July 2022. Around 85,000 people were quickly forced out of their homes by the flooding. 

2022 Copenhagen mall shooting

On 3 July 2022, a mass shooting happened at the Field's shopping mall in Copenhagen, Denmark. It killed three people and critically wounded four others. The perpetrator, a Danish man, had a history of mental illness. The mass shooting is the first in Denmark since the 2015 Copenhagen shootings.

Lysychansk

Lysychansk ( ; ) is a city in the Sievierodonetsk Raion of the Luhansk Oblast in Ukraine.

UEFA Women's Euro 2022

The 2022 UEFA European Women's Football Championship, commonly called UEFA Women's Euro 2022 or simply WEURO 2022, was the 13th UEFA Women's Championship, an international football championship organised by UEFA for the women's national teams of Europe. The tournament was hosted by England and was first going to happen from 7 July to 1 August 2021. However, after the COVID-19 pandemic, the tournament was rescheduled and happened from 6 to 31 July 2022. England won the tournament, beating Germany in the final.

Georgia Guidestones

The Georgia Guidestones were a granite monument in Elbert County, Georgia, United States, and first erected in 1980. The monument was tall, made from six granite slabs weighing in all. The structure was sometimes known as an "American Stonehenge" or "Georgia's Stonehenge".

On the morning of July 6, 2022, the guidestones were heavily damaged in a bombing. Later that day, officials demolished the standing parts of the structure for safety reasons.

Hugo Duminil-Copin

Hugo Duminil-Copin (born 26 August 1985) is a French mathematician. His works focused in probability theory. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022.

June Huh

June Huh (; born 1983) is an American mathematician. He is a professor at Princeton University. He was a professor at Stanford University and the Institute for Advanced Studies. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022. He is known for finding the link between algebraic geometry and combinatorics.

Anna Eshoo

Anna A. Georges Eshoo ( ; born December 13, 1942) is an American politician. She is the U.S. representative from , since 1993. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She is the only Assyrian American in Congress and one of only two Armenian-American women in Congress.

On November 21, 2023, she announced she would not seek re-election in 2024.

1+1 International

1+1 International is an international TV channel aimed at the Ukrainian diaspora. It is owned by Igor Kolomoisky, one of Ukraine’s most powerful oligarchs. He was the governor of Dnipropetrovsk region in 2014. He was arrested on suspicion of embezzlement in 2023. He was sanctioned by the USA in 2021. 1+1 bought Zelenskyy’s hit comedy shows and heavily promoted his presidential campaign.

Yountville, California

Yountville ( or ) is an incorporated town in Napa County, California. The population was 3,436 at the 2020 census.

Rulon Jeffs

Rulon Timpson Jeffs (December 6, 1909 – September 8, 2002), known to followers as Uncle Rulon, was an American religious leader. He was the President of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS Church) from 1986 until his death in 2002. He was the father of later FLDS Church leader and convicted felon Warren Jeffs. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

Jeffs had over 65 wives and as many as 65 children. 

Jeffs died on September 8, 2002 in St. George, Utah from problems caused by a stroke, aged 92.

Warren Jeffs

Warren Steed Jeffs (born December 3, 1955) is an American religious leader and criminal. He is a convicted sex offender. He is the ex-president of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS Church). In 2011, he was convicted of two felony counts of child sexual assault. He is serving a life sentence plus twenty years.

In 2006, Jeffs was placed on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List because he had arranged illegal marriages between his adult supporters and underage girls in Utah. In 2007, Arizona charged him with eight other counts in two separate cases, including incest and sexual conduct with minors.

In September 2007, Jeffs was convicted of two counts of rape as an accomplice. However this was overturned in 2010.

Jeffs was extradited to Texas, where he was found guilty for raping a 15-year-old he had married and for raping a 12-year-old he had married, for which he was sentenced to life in prison plus twenty years and fined $10,000.

He was born in Sacramento, California. His father was Rulon Jeffs. Jeffs had as many as 78 wives.

Ruja Ignatova

Ruja Ignatova (Bulgarian: Ружа Игнатова) (born 30 May 1980) is a Bulgarian-German convicted fraudster. She is best known as the founder of a Ponzi scheme known as OneCoin. 

Since 2017, Ignatova has been on the run from international law enforcement agencies. In early 2019, she was charged "in absentia" by U.S. authorities for wire fraud, securities fraud and money laundering. She was added to the FBI Ten Most Wanted in June 2022.

Eugene Palmer (criminal)

Eugene K. Palmer (born April 4, 1939) is an American fugitive who was added to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list on May 29, 2019. He is wanted for shooting and killing his daughter-in-law, Tammy Palmer, on September 24, 2012, in Stony Point, New York. The FBI is offering a reward of up to $100,000 for information leading to his capture.

Marydel, Maryland

Marydel is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Rafael Caro Quintero

Rafael Caro Quintero (born October 24, 1952) is a Mexican drug lord. He co-founded the Guadalajara Cartel with Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo and other drug traffickers in the late 1970s. He is also the founder and suspected current leader of the newly formed Caborca Cartel.

Caro Quintero lost his final appeal to avoid extradition to the United States on March 27, 2021.

The United States is offering a 20-million-dollar reward for information leading to his capture.

Preston, Maryland

Preston is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Ridgely, Maryland

Ridgely is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

James Maynard (mathematician)

James Allan Maynard (born 10 June 1987) is a British mathematician. His works focused in analytic number theory. In 2017, he was hired as a Research Professor at Oxford University. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022.


Maryna Viazovska

Maryna Sergiivna Viazovska (, ; born 2 December 1984) is a Ukrainian mathematician. She is known for her work in sphere packing. She is full professor and Chair of Number Theory at the Institute of Mathematics of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland. She was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022.

Templeville, Maryland

Templeville is a town in Caroline and Queen Anne's counties in the U.S. state of Maryland.

Hampstead, Maryland

Hampstead is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

New Windsor, Maryland

New Windsor is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

Taneytown, Maryland

Taneytown is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

Union Bridge, Maryland

Union Bridge is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

Cecilton, Maryland

Cecilton is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Highland Park parade shooting

On July 4, 2022, a mass shooting happened during an Independence Day parade in Highland Park, Illinois, United States. The shooting happened at 10:14a.m. CDT () about 15 minutes after the parade had started. Seven people were fatally shot and at least 46 others were wounded by gunfire or injured in a stampede.

The shooter was Robert Eugene Crimo III, who was caught eight hours after the shooting. 

Crimo began the shooting by firing a rifle from the rooftop of the Ross Cosmetics building. He got on the roof by using an unsecured ladder attached to the building. The shooter used a Smith & Wesson M&P15 semiautomatic rifle with three 30-round magazines.

After being caught, Crimo confessed that he thought about planning another shooting at another Independence Day parade in Madison, Wisconsin.

Seven people were killed and 46 others were injured during the attack. Five of the victims—all adults—died at the scene and two died at the hospital. 

Many Chicago suburbs canceled their Fourth of July celebrations after the shooting.

President Joe Biden stated that he was shocked by the shooting and also called for more gun control measures.

Charlestown, Maryland

Charlestown is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Chesapeake City, Maryland

Chesapeake City is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Perryville, Maryland

Perryville is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Port Deposit, Maryland

Port Deposit is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

History en Español

History en Español is a 24-hour Spanish-language pay television channel. It is a counterpart of the History channel, that focuses on Latin American and world history. It officially launched in 2004 in the United States. The network shows original programming, as well as Spanish-dubbed versions of programs originally seen on the main, English-language, History channel.


Büyükyurt

Büyükyurt is a village in Nazımiye district of Tunceli (Dersim), Turkey. 

The old name of the village is Hakis. In the village, which is named Hakis in the records of the 16th century; only non-Muslims lived in 67 households in 1518 and 135 households in 1541. In the village at the beginning of the 20th century; there were 220 Armenian and 960 Kurdish population. The settlement, which was a nâhiye since the records of 1912, maintained its position as a nâhiye until 1936. In 1935, Hakis was recorded as a connected of Nazimiye kaza of Elâziz province. Although the old name of the village "Hakis" was changed, it was recorded as "Büyükyurt ("Hakis")" for a while. In the 1960 census, 742 people were recorded, 340 males and 402 females in village. 

According to one data, the village was the largest village in Dersim before the villages were evacuated. Kizilbash who speak "Kirmanckî" and Armenians live in the village and the sons of the two peoples "lived together as brothers" for centuries.

Alan Rachins

Alan Leonard Rachins (born October 3, 1942) is an American actor, television director and writer. He is known for his role as Douglas Brackman in "L.A. Law" and Larry on the television series "Dharma & Greg". He also voiced the Clock King in "".


Joanna Frank

Joanna Frank (born Johanna Bochco; March 7, 1941) is an American actress. Her first role was in Elia Kazan's 1963 movie "America, America". She was also in the cult biker movie "The Savage Seven" (1968) and the romantic comedy "Say Anything..." (1989).

János Berecz

János Berecz (18 September 1930 – 7 July 2022) was a Hungarian politician, writer and journalist. He was born in Ibrány, Hungary. His best known written work as "Counter-revolution with pen and gun 1956". He was a member of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party. Berecz was a member of the National Assembly between 1985 to 1990. 

Berecz died on 7 July 2022 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 91.

Karyn Kupcinet

Karyn Kupcinet (born Roberta Lynn Kupcinet; March 6, 1941 – November 28, 1963) was an American actress. She had a role in the television series "Mrs. G. Goes to College". She appeared in guest roles on television, including "The Donna Reed Show", "The Wide Country", "G.E. True", "Going My Way", "The Andy Griffith Show", and "Death Valley Days".

Kupcinet was found dead at her home in West Hollywood, California on November 28, 1963 at the age of 22. Drugs were found next to her body, however in an autopsy found evidence of her being strangled.

Since her death happened five days after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, her death has been part of many conspiracy theories.

Roy Thinnes

Roy Thinnes (born April 6, 1938) is an American actor. He is best known for playing David Vincent in the ABC television series "The Invaders". He also appeared in the science fiction movie "Doppelgänger". He also played Manhattan District Attorney Alfred Wentworth in the pilot episode of "Law & Order".

Dora Wevers

Dora Assink-Wevers (born 1900s) was a Dutch track and field athlete specialized in the discus throw. She was a member of AV Twenthe and the national team. 

She was the national record holder and national champion. She represented the Netherlands at international competitions.

In the 1920s Wevers became a member of Hercules-Hebe, initially doing gymnastics but also started competing in athletics. She once one won the club championships in both gymnastics and athletics. Because she fell in love with discus throwing she specialized in it. However, in her era there were no athletic trainers with expertise in discus throw. She got advice by multiple people. She even held a period the discus at her back while throwing because someone told her that would be the best technique. Before a main competition she went with her father to a farmer's pasture to throw duscus. Her father kept getting the discus. Besides of that she trained with boys of the “Enschedese Boy” at Deppenbroek.

On 1 September 1929 she broke the national record in discus throw held by Lena Michaelis with a distance of 31.71 metres. She became 1930 national champion in Amsterdam, and broke at these championship her national record again with 33.86 metres. In July 1931 her record was broken by Cor Pels.
Assink set her personal record to 34.14 in 1934. This was not a national record, but it was the record of Twente. It took almost 29 year before this record of Twente was broken by Margriet de Schip.

As part of the National Team, Wevers represented between 1929 and 1933 the Netherlands at four tournaments, including at the 1930 Women's World Games. She also went with the ENDAT to the international competition in Brussels. She throw there further than the national record. However, because it was outside a match of the national association, it was never recognized as an official national record.

Assink was hairdresser and had her own studio. Assink married to Gerrit Assink and they lived in Enschede. They got a son Herman Johan on 23 April 1941.

Ziggy Stardust (song)

"Ziggy Stardust" is a song by English singer-songwriter David Bowie. It was on Bowie’s 1972 concept album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars. It was made by both Bowie and Ken Scott. It was recorded at Trident Studios in London in November 1971. The song is about Ziggy Stardust, a bisexual alien rock star who is a messenger for other aliens. The character was based on English singer Vince Taylor, the Legendary Stardust Cowboy, and Kansai Yamamoto. The song is glam rock and so is the album. It was remade in 1982 by Bauhaus.

Her Wedding Night

Her Wedding Night is a 1930 American romantic comedy movie directed by Frank Tuttle and is a remake of the 1925 movie "Miss Bluebird" also directed by Frank Tuttle. It stars Clara Bow, Ralph Forbes, Charlie Ruggles, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Geneva Mitchell, Natalie Kingston and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cartoonito (American programming block)

Cartoonito (also known as Cartoonito on Cartoon Network) is a programming block that airs on weekday mornings. It premiered on September 13, 2021, on Cartoon Network, and a dedicated section on the streaming service Max. Cartoonito targets a preschool audience around two to six years old. Cartoonito marks the first dedicated preschool block on Cartoon Network in over fifteen years.

Cartoonito features co-productions and acquired programming, in addition to original series exclusive to the program block on Cartoon Network. Currently, Cartoonito's lineup includes "Sesame Street: Mecha Builders," "Pocoyo", "Bing", "Cocomelon", "Bugs Bunny Builders", and ""; with "Sesame Street", exclusive to HBO Max.


Robert Leighton (cartoonist)

Robert Leighton is an American cartoonist, writer, artist, puzzle writer, illustrator, and humorist. He lives and works in New York City. 


Rob Boutilier

Robert Boutilier (born 1971 in Halifax County) is a Canadian animator, director, writer, and storyboard artist, Boutilier went to Vancouver Film School in 1996, as well as the University of King's College. He is also an employer of WildBrain in Vancouver, British Columbia.



TVG2

TVG2 (formerly HRTV) is an American sports-oriented digital cable and satellite television network.

Scott Hazelton, Kurt Hoover, Christina Blacker, Matt Carothers, Todd Schrupp, Dave Weaver, Mike Joyce, Rich Perloff, Simon Bray, Donna Brothers, Nick Hines, Frank Miramahdi, Tom Cassidy, Joaquin Jaime, Paul Lo Duca, Peter Lurie, and Britney Eurton.

Programming on HRTV includes regular and special stakes races from Santa Anita Park, Churchill Downs, Gulfstream Park, Arlington Park, Pimlico Race Course, NYRA, and numerous other top U.S. and international racetracks.

HRTV also features events in the world of English riding, such as show jumping, dressage, eventing and carriage driving. Coverage includes the Aachen World Horse Festival, FEI World Cup Jumping, Dressage events, and the Horse Shows in the Sun (HITS) $1,000,000 Grand Prix Triple Crown of Show jumping.

Western horse-related programming includes rodeos sanctioned by the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association, National Reining Horse Association events from around the world, US- based Cutting, Roping, and Barrel Racing competitions, and programming on recreational activities such as trail riding.

Emo rap

Emo rap is a fusion genre of hip hop and emo. It began in the mid-2010s. Notable emo rappers include XXXTentacion, Juice Wrld, and Lil Peep.

The Ghost and Molly McGee

The Ghost and Molly McGee is an American television series.

James Wootton (animator)

James "Wootie" Wootton (born November 15, 1974) is a Canadian animator and character designer. His career began with the Cartoon Network animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy", created by Danny Antonucci, which premiered on the network on January 4, 1999. Wootton served as a title sequence animator and a storyboard artist during the series' run, which garnered him an Annie Award nomination for the third season episode "Wish You Were Ed" on November 10, 2001. Wootton would later work on "George of the Jungle", "Kid vs. Kat", "Roy", "Martha Speaks", "", "Packages from Planet X", "All Hail King Julien", and "Kung Fu Panda: The Paws of Destiny".

Chen Guangcheng

Chen Guangcheng (born 12 November 1971) is a Chinese civil rights activist. He has worked on human rights issues in rural areas of the People's Republic of China. He was blind from an early age and self-taught himself about the law. He supports women's rights, land rights, and the welfare of the poor.

In April 2012, Chen escaped his house arrest and fled to the Embassy of the United States, Beijing. After negotiations with the Chinese government, he left the embassy for medical treatment in early May 2012, and it was reported that China would consider allowing him to travel to the United States to study. 

On 19 May 2012, Chen, his wife, and his two children left to New York City.

Angel Lagdameo

Angel Nacorda Lagdameo (; 2 August 1940 – 8 July 2022) was a Filipino Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Archbishop Emeritus of Jaro from 9 May 2000 until 14 February 2018. Lagdameo was born in Lucban, then-the Commonwealth of the Philippines.

Lagdameo died on 8 July 2022 at a hospital in Iloilo City, the Philippines at the age of 81.


Kazimierz Zimny

Kazimierz Franciszek Zimny (4 June 1935 – 30 June 2022) was a Polish athlete. He competed mainly in the 5000 metres. He competed for Poland in the 5000 metres at the 1960 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal. He was born in Tczew, Poland.

Zimny died on 30 June 2022, aged 87.

Tczew

Tczew (, ; formerly ) is a city on the Vistula River in Eastern Pomerania, Kociewie, northern Poland. In 2009, about 60,279 people lived here. The city played a key role in the Invasion of Poland during World War II.

Geoff Berner

Geoff Berner (born 1971) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and musician from Vancouver.

Pedro Ferrándiz

Pedro Ferrándiz González (20 November 1928 – 7 July 2022) was a Spanish basketball coach. He was known for coaching the Real Madrid basketball club in the 1960s and 1970s. He was born in Alicante, Spain. He was honored into the Basketball Hall of Fame in April 2007. He also coached the Spain men's national basketball team for one year, starting in 1964.

Ferrándiz died on 7 July 2022 in Alicante at the age of 93.

Assassination of Shinzo Abe

On 8 July 2022, former Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe was killed after being shot twice in the chest and neck during a campaign speech near in Nara, Japan.

His assassination was the first of a former Japanese prime minister since Saitō Makoto and Takahashi Korekiyo during the February 26 Incident in 1936, as well as the first of a former G7 leader since Italy's Aldo Moro in 1978.

Abe was making a speech for the upcoming elections. He was shot twice from behind with an improvised shotgun, hitting his chest and neck.

Abe was transported to a local hospital unconscious. It was said he went into cardiopulmonary arrest shortly after being shot while other sources said he was having heart failure.

Hours later, Abe's younger brother and Japan's defence minister Nobuo Kishi said Abe was having a blood transfusion.

At 5:03 pm JST the news was broken that he had died, about five hours after the shooting happened. The doctors said that because he had lost a lot of blood, and the bullet had gone in deep enough to enter his heart. This news was reported by the public broadcaster NHK citing the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. It was also reported in a news conference at the medical hospital.

The police autopsy found that Abe died from loss of blood after a bullet damaged an artery under his collarbone.

Tetsuya Yamagami, the shooter, was arrested by police at the scene. Yamagami had created the shotgun used for the attack.

Yamagami was a former member of the Maritime Self-Defense Force from 2002 to 2005. Yamagami told investigators that he wanted to kill Abe because of a personal bad feelings toward a "certain religious group" that Abe had supported. He said that this religious group had "brainwashed" his mother and that killing Abe was not because of his political beliefs.

Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, who was in Yamagata Prefecture for the election campaign, cancelled campaigning and returned to Tokyo to deliver a national address, as did other Kishida cabinet members. In his speech, he said that Abe was in critical condition and called the shooting "unforgivable".

Many world leaders reacted to the shooting by hoping Abe recovered and condemned the shooting such as Emmanuel Macron, Joe Biden, Justin Trudeau, Jacinda Ardern, Boris Johnson, Anthony Albanese, Narendra Modi, Joseph M. Alberts, Ursula von der Leyen, Charles Michel, Jens Stoltenberg, Sauli Niinistö, Lee Hsien Loong, Jair Bolsonaro and Tsai Ing-wen along with former leaders such as Donald Trump, Barack Obama and Yoshihide Suga.

Julian Lawrence

Julian Lawrence is a Canadian cartoonist, educator and comics scholar from Portsmouth, England. A longtime member of Vancouver's DIY independent art scene, Lawrence is also an arts educator and researcher, with a specialization in using hand drawn comics as a tool to improve literacy, develop storytelling techniques and form identity. He currently lives in Middlesbrough, England, where he is a Senior Lecturer in the Comics and Graphic Novels B.A. Honours program at Teeside University.

Keith Giffen

Keith Ian Giffen (born November 30, 1952) is an American comics artist and writer. He is known for his work for DC Comics on their "Legion of Super-Heroes" and "Justice League" titles as well as for being the co-creator of Lobo.


Paul Boyd

Paul G. Boyd (September 30, 1967 – August 13, 2007) was an American-born Canadian animator. He was a member of a.k.a. Cartoon, the production team for Cartoon Network's longest running television series, "Ed, Edd n Eddy", as a title sequence animator and director. He began his career working for International Rocketship on two Gary Larson specials. During his career he taught at Vancouver Film School and worked at many animation studios in Vancouver. His work directing for "Aaagh! It's the Mr. Hell Show!", along with co-director Moose Pagen, was nominated for an Annie Award in 2001.

He was shot and killed on August 13, 2007, by a police officer, Lee Chipperfield, in Vancouver. A video recorded by tourists showed Boyd being shot nine times after wielding a bicycle chain at officers who came to respond to a disturbance involving him. The ninth shot that struck Boyd was fired as he was on the ground. The officer who shot Boyd was cleared in the death. The use of force was criticized by many of Boyd's colleagues and relatives.


Kwasi Kwarteng

Kwasi Kwarteng (born Akwasi Addo Alfred Kwarteng; 26 May 1975) is a British Conservative Party politician. He has served as Chancellor of the Exchequer from 6 September to 14 October 2022. He was the Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy from 2021 to 2022. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Spelthorne since 2010. He became known for promoting and passing Prime Minister Liz Truss's controversial economic plans which caused a government crisis and his firing.

Optimum (cable brand)

Optimum is an Internet, TV, Mobile and Home phone company serving the New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Pennsylvania Tri-State area, and North Carolina.

Altice One is the company's flagship home entertainment platform. The device combines TV, streaming apps and more into one space-saving design.

Optimum TV offers cable television service in three tiers


Optimum offers internet speeds up to 940 megabits per second. Currently there are four speed tiers available:


The company also offers a low-cost broadband option, Altice Advantage Internet, for certain eligible customers.

Optimum offers landline VOIP telephone service branded as Optimum Voice; the service uses a telephone cable modem to provide the service, either alone or combined into a household's main cable modem box.
Optimum provides small and mid-sized businesses with internet, phone, TV, mobile, Smart WiFi and ad services.

With the introduction of more than Optimum's original 30 channels, narrowcasting was added to the service's offerings, since it was now economical to provide "programs of much significance to small audiences."

A New Jersey company that named itself "Optimum Networks Inc." was sued by then-owner Cablevision Systems Corporation (CSC) for violation of the "OPTIMUM" trademark in 2010.

Abenomics

Abenomics is based on: monetary easing from the Bank of Japan, fiscal stimulus through government spending, and structural reforms. It has been seen as a "mix of reflation, government spending and a growth strategy.

Reflation

Reflation is an act of stimulating the economy by increasing the money supply or by lowering taxes. This is meant to bring the economy back "up" to the long-term trend. It is the opposite of disinflation, which seeks to return the economy back "down" to the long-term trend.

Disinflation

Disinflation is a decrease in the rate of inflation. It is the opposite of reflation. Disinflation happens when the increase in the “consumer price level” slows down back when the prices were rising.

If the inflation rate is not very high to start with, disinflation can lead to deflation.

Roger Douglas

Sir Roger Owen Douglas (born 5 December 1937) is a retired New Zealand politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was known for his government economic role in the 1980s. His economic policies became known as "Rogernomics".

Douglas was a Labour Member of Parliament from 1969 to 1990. During his time as Minister of Finance (1984 to 1988). His flat tax proposal, was controversial and caused disagreements between Douglas and Prime Minister David Lange, which led to Douglas's resignation.

2022 Conservative Party leadership election

Conservative Party leadership elections were held in the following countries in 2022:


Hamaguchi Osachi

Hamaguchi Osachi (Kyūjitai: ; Shinjitai: , also Hamaguchi Yūkō, 1 April 1870 – 26 August 1931) was a Japanese politician, cabinet minister and Prime Minister of Japan from 1929 to 1931. He initially survived an assassination attempt in 1930, but died about nine months later from a bacterial infection caused by his unhealed wounds. 

Hara Takashi

Hara was assassinated by Nakaoka Kon'ichi on 4 November 1921 after being stabbed at a Tokyo train station.

Takahashi Korekiyo

Viscount was a Japanese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Japan from 1921 to 1922. He was also the head of the Bank of Japan and Ministry of Finance.

His decision to cut government spending in 1935 led to unrest within the Japanese military, who assassinated him in February 1936. He was shot and attacked with a sword while he was sleeping at his Tokyo home.

February 26 incident

The was an attempted "coup d'état" in the Empire of Japan on 26 February 1936. It was organized by a group of young Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) officers. They wanted the purging the government and military leadership because of bad economic policies.

During this incident, the rebels assassinated two former prime ministers and occupied the government center of Tokyo. However, they failed in assassinating Prime Minister Keisuke Okada or take control of the Imperial Palace. Saitō Makoto was killed at his home during an attempt coup d'état. With a lot of opposition against them, the rebels surrendered on 29 February.

This was the last time that a former prime minister was killed until the assassination of Shinzo Abe in 2022.

Kuniaki Koiso

Koiso died of esophageal cancer in Sugamo Prison in 1950.

Kantarō Suzuki

Baron was a Japanese general and politician. He was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy. He was the final leader of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association and Prime Minister of Japan from 7 April to 17 August 1945.


Édouard Ngirente

Édouard Ngirente (born 22 February 1973) is a Rwandan economist and politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Rwanda, since 30 August 2017.

Prime Minister of Rwanda

This article lists the prime ministers of Rwanda since the formation of the post in 1961 to the present day.

A total of 11 people have served in the office. The incumbent prime minister is Édouard Ngirente, who took office on 30 August 2017.

Anastase Murekezi

Anastase Murekezi (born 15 June 1952) is a Rwandan politician. In 2014, he became Prime Minister of Rwanda, serving until 2017.

Faustin Twagiramungu

Faustin Twagiramungu (14 August 1945 – 2 December 2023) was a Rwandan politician. He was Prime Minister of Rwanda from 1994 until his resignation in 1995, the first head of government appointed after the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) captured Kigali. He then exiled himself to Belgium.

Walter Braga Netto

Walter Souza Braga Netto (born 11 March 1957) is a Brazilian army general and politician. He was the Minister of Defence from 2021 to 2022 during the Jair Bolsonaro presidency. Braga was Commander of the Eastern Military Command.

In June 2022, he was chosen to be the next Vice President of Brazil for Jair Bolsonaro in his candidacy at the 2022 presidential election.

Bondina Elangbam

| website = 
Bondina Elangbam is an Indian writer, poet and artist from Manipur.
Among her comprehensive comparative analytical works, ""Is the Homosexual an Invisible Being? 'Comrade Love' in the Select Fiction of the Rohinton Mistry and Amitav Ghosh"" is a notable one.
Besides being a writer, Elangbam is becoming a matter of inspiration to many other artists and writers, including Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut as well as Dr Joshiya Kh.

Bondina Elangbam was born in Imphal, Manipur. She grew up inheriting both the Meitei and Mao cultural heritages from her two parents. Her cross cultural bondings are seen to be reflected in her poetic works. Since childhood, Elangbam has a passion for painting, writing short stories and poems. Her first publication of poetry is the "Between the Poet and Her Pencil" in Mumbai on 19 December 2016. The forwarding of the poetry was done by Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut, who is her childhood school friend.

Bondina Elangbam's book "Between the Poet and Her Pencil" was released at the "Manipur Press Club" on the 9th of January, 2017 by ABOK Publishing House.

In an exclusive interview with Bondina Elangbam by the "The Morung Express", when asked how she connected the two fields of being a poet and a painter, she said,
"See, my poems are about life and the various occurrence one experiences in life. My painting again is about the varied elements in life, the different emotions and various other aspects of life. Life in its essence connects the two and in one or the other way it is intertwined."

Bondina Elangbam and Kangana Ranaut were classmates, roommates as well as schoolmates in their school life at a high school at DAV School sector 15 in Chandigarh. Bondina was studying in the Fine Arts stream while Kangana in the Science stream.

According to a forwarding by Kangana Ranaut about Bondina Elangbam, she described Bondina was a dainty, waif- like vision with thick long blue-black hair hanging below her waist when seen for the first time in her life. Kangana said Bondina’s work was true to her inherent impulses and instincts. She pointed out the most beguiling aspect of Bondina's personality as the fact that Bondina never ceases to surprise anyone as she had either brood or laugh uncontrollably, avoided eye contact or had fierce glances, slept endlessly or worked relentlessly.

Since childhood, Kangana was intensely fond of Hindi-Urdu poetry. Her area of interests was found to be weird for others (friends) except for Bondina Elangbam. Kangana used to translate the poems (shaayaris) for Bondina. Though many words and complex thoughts were often diluted or lost in translations, both Kangana and Bondina had a particular relationship with poetry.

When Kangana and Bondina were very close to each other, Kangana noticed about the crucial differences between their educational choices, science and arts. Later, Kangana found out that she was probably not on the right career path.

In her forewordings, Kangana exposed that Bondina had seduced the closet artist in her and Bondina played a very important role in influencing her future career decisions and she continued to do so.

After their school life, they drifted away and met each other again when Kangana Ranaut was promoting "Tanu Weds Manu Returns" in Chandigarh. The two met at their school. It was when Kangana Ranaut got to know that Bondina was pursuing arts, poetry and writing. Bondina sent Kangana some of her works. Then, Kangana offered to write a foreword for Bondina's book.



José Ramírez Gamero

José Ramírez Gamero (12 June 1938 – 7 July 2022) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was Governor of Durango from 1986 to 1992. From 1976 to 1979 and from 2000 to 2003, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. In 1976, he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies.

He was elected twice as Senator and twice represented Durango from 1982 to 1988 and from 1997 to 2000.

Ramírez Gamero died in Durango, Mexico on 7 July 2022, aged 84.

Hispanic Information and Telecommunications Network

Hispanic Information and Telecommunications Network, Inc. (HITN) is the largest Spanish-language public broadcasting network in the United States.


Quigley Down Under

Quigley Down Under is a 1990 Australian-American western movie directed by Simon Wincer and starring Tom Selleck, Alan Rickman, Laura San Giacomo, Chris Haywood, Ron Haddrick, Tony Bonner, Jerome Ehlers, Roger Ward. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Horse Whisperer

The Horse Whisperer is a 1998 American drama movie directed by Robert Redford (who also stars) and was based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Nicholas Evans. It also stars Kristin Scott Thomas, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Neill, Dianne Wiest, Christien Anholt, Chris Cooper, Jeanette Nolan and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Tlnovelas

Tlnovelas (stylized as tlnovelas) is a Spanish-language pay television network. It broadcasts Mexican "telenovelas" produced by TelevisaUnivision. The channel is owned by TelevisaUnivision.

TLNovelas América available in Mexico and other parts of Latin America.

TLNovelas Europa is broadcast in Spanish speaking countries in Europe. It is also broadcast in Oceania in Australia and New Zealand.

The TLN Network broadcasts programming in Portuguese. It has coverage in countries such as Angola and Mozambique. It also operates online in Brazil.

Released March 1, 2012, owned by the Univision Communications group in partnership with Televisa. The channel has coverage in the United States and Puerto Rico.

TLNovelas África began broadcasting on September 14, 2020. It broadcasts English programming to the African continent through operators DStv, GOtv, Zuku TV, StarSat and StarTimes.



Blue Ant Media

Blue Ant Media Inc. is a Canadian broadcasting and media company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario. 



Sport TV

Sport TV is a Portuguese television network consisting of eight sports-themed television networks.

Remy &amp; Boo

Remy & Boo is a Canadian children's animated television series created by Matthew Fernandes. The series premiered on May 1, 2020, on Universal Kids.



The show was announced in 2017, alongside "Norman Picklestripes", "Powerbirds", "The Big Fun Crafty Show", and 3 other shows.


Neil Wagner

Neil Wagner was born 13 March, 1986 in Pretoria. He is a New Zealand cricketer who is a mainstay in test cricket and plays for Northern Districts in Plunket Shield.


Yeu Kashi Tashi Me Nandayla

Yeu Kashi Tashi Me Nandayla (transl. "How should I come to your house?") was an Indian Marathi television program.





It was started from 4 January 2021.

I-CABLE News Channel (Hong Kong)

i-CABLE News Channel is a Cantonese cable news channel in Hong Kong. It is the first 24-hour television news service in Hong Kong and Asia.

Current news sections are named as follows.


Originally, news sections are named according to the time of day at which they are screened.


Programs that are broadcast jointly with i-Cable Family Entertainment Channel including:

Anchors are responsible for the casts on the channel, reporting live news daily. Some of them are the host of programmes of i-CABLE Finance Info Channel.

Some Reporters may also host news occasionally.

Former anchors:

Felicitas Schlarp

Felicitas Schlarp (born 1907) was a German track and field athlete who was mainly active in the 100 metres and long jump events in the late 1920s and early 1930s. She was a member of Post SV Köln and the German national team.

Schlarp became for the first time national champion in the long jump in 1929 in a new national record with 5.65 metres. She became again national champion in 1931 after finishing third in 1930.

Schlarp represented Germany at international competitions, includig at 1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition and at the 1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition where she won the long jump event. At the 1930 Women's World Games she reached the final of the long jump event and finished fifth.

Majhe Pati Saubhagyawati

Majhe Pati Saubhagyavati is an Indian Marathi language 2015 soap opera.

It is a story of Vaibhav Malwankar. Vaibhav and his wife Laxmi come to Mumbai around 14 years ago. He has a dream to become a successful actor, but after too many rejections he has reached a stage where it becomes a crumble. He has one last chance to give a good life for his wife and himself. The role which is going to perform is lady character who gives his career and also help him to change his life completely.


It started on 28 September 2015.

Bocche di San Lorenzo

Bocche di San Lorenzo or simply Bocche is a small locality in the comune of Santa Margherita Ligure in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in Liguria in Italy. It is made up of a few paths, benched and signposts.

The full meaning of the name Bocche is unknown however, it is believed that the name comes from "presenza del passaggio naturale che mette in corrispondenza gli opposti versanti del Promontorio." or the "presence of the natural passage that links the opposite sides of the Promontory."

Bocche is located at the junctions between a few trails and paths between the mountains of Monte delle Bocche and Monte Pollone. It is atop the "Fosso delle Bocche" stream which is directly named after it. Bocche is located on the border between Santa Margherita Ligure and Portofino. 

Monte delle Bocche is a mountain nearby to Bocche where it gets its name, Monte delle Bocche is accessed from Bocche via the Gabbia path. It is 510 metres tall and has 41 metres of prominence. Monte delle Bocche has been named and mapped since long ago.

The Fosso delle Bocche is a tributary of the Rio Valle Ruffinale stream, it is sourced at Monte delle Bocche and the Bocche-Feliciara path formes the only crossing over it.

Bocche is now only a waypoint marker with a few amenities for stopping hikers and tourists on the many hiking routes which pass through it.


All major buildings and infrastructure that existed in the original settlement have since disappeared.

Santa Margherita Ligure

Santa Margherita Ligure is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in Liguria in Italy. It is a popular tourist attraction.

There may have been a Settlement in what is now Santa Margherita since Roman Times although that isn't known for sure. In 641 a places known as "Pescino" was destroyed by Rothari and again bu the Saracens in the 10th Century. Later it was a fief of the Fieschi family until 1229, when it was taken over by the Republic of Genoa.

In 1432 it was attacked by the fleet of Venice and in 1549, as well as Rapallo, by the Turgut.

In 1813, under the Napoleonic domination, the two burghs of "Pescino" and "Corte" became "Porto Napoleone". Two years later it was taken over by the Kingdom of Sardinia as the commune of Santa Margherita Ligure. In 1861 it became part of the recently formed Kingdom of Italy.

After getting rail links in the 20th Century, Santa Margherita became a toursit attraction after the second world war.

Santa Margherita Ligure is located on the Riviera di Levante in the innermost part of the Gulf of Tigullio. The town has developed along two main inlets. To the west of the town, towards Genoa, there are many hills covered with pine and chestnut trees on the high ground and olive groves lower down. On the slopes are villas and gardens overlooking the so-called 'Dolphin Coast'(Costa del Delfini), which links the town to Portofino. The town is a popular tourist attraction on the Riviera di Levante.

Part of the comunal territory of Santa Margherita Ligure is part of the Portofino Regional Natural Park, while the stretch of water in front of the Portofino promontory is also included in the Portofino Marine Protected Area; both bodies are based in the coastal town.

Paraggi was a small village of fishermen and millers. It is located along the "Costa dei Delfini", halfway between Santa Margherita and Portofino. It is about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from Santa Margherita Ligure, reachable by bus or by boat.

Nozarego is a natural terrace over the Bay of Tigullio. Here there is the church of Santa Maria Assunta with the cobbled square in typical ligurian. From Nozarego also leave several trails in the Park of Portofino.

San Lorenzo della Costa is located on the slopes of the mountain, to the north, along the Aurelia road that leads to Genoa. There is a Flemish triptych in the local 13th-century church.


There are several small brooks inside Santa Margherita Ligure, all of which get water from the nearby mountains: the most prominent rivers are:


These rivers also have many tributaries:

The Torrente San Massimo also known as the Rio San Massimo is a tribuatry of the Torrente Boate which runs completely in Rapallo. The stream flows into it from the west and is named after San Massimo which it flows through. It's source is located in Santa Margherita Ligure.

Tributaries:


The Fosso Violara is a small tributary of the Torrente San Massimo. It flows from the east of Costa Ramezzana towards San Lorenzo. It runs south of Violara from which it gets its name.

The Torrente San Siro begins at the merger of 2 smaller streams, the Fosso dei Casetti and Fosso Capellone just southeast of Pero. From there it flows northeast towards Via Aurelia. Then the Canale della Cantina and the Fosso dell'Acqua Bella flow into it. Further north the river flows under a path and then another tributary, the Fosso di Calcinea flows into it. The stream then changes direction and heads straight east and enters the town of Santa Margherita and flows towards the Sea mostly in Culvets.


In depth research on the stream was conducted on the streams basin using hydraulic testing.

Khulta Kali Khulena

Khulta Kali Khulena (transl. The opening bud did not open) is an Indian Marathi television program.

It was started from 18 July 2016.

Chip an' Dale

Chip an' Dale is a 1947 animated short film. It was produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters by RKO Radio Pictures.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".

Additional release include:

Walter White (Breaking Bad)

Walter Hartwell "Walt" White Sr. (also known by his alias Heisenberg) is the main character of the TV series "Breaking Bad". Walter also has a small appearance in its spin-off series "Better Call Saul's" .

Walt was a chemistry genius who helped start up a big science company, Gray Matter Technologies, before he left the company. He later becomes a chemistry teacher who doesn't make enough money and has to work at a car wash, which he hates. Walt learns he has lung cancer and is about to die soon. For Walt's 50th birthday, his brother-in-law Hank Schrader, who works for the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), takes Walt to see his job of busting drug dealers. Walt is interested and wants to start cooking meth to make enough money for his family before he dies of cancer. He meets Jesse Pinkman, a drug dealer who used to be his student, and asks to be partners.

Walt kills two drug dealers, Emilio Koyama and Krazy-8, after they try to kill him. Walt and Jesse get an RV and start cooking meth, which is excellent because of Walt's chemistry skills, and Walt keeps lying to his wife, Skyler White, and the rest of his family including Hank. Walt and Jesse meet Tuco Salamanca, a wild and violent drug dealer. They try to get their meth to Tuco so he can sell it, but Tuco's too crazy. Tuco kidnaps Walt and Jesse and wants to bring them to Mexico to keep cooking meth. Hank shows up and kills Tuco, and Walt and Jesse escape.

One of Jesse's friends, Badger, gets arrested by the DEA for selling Walt and Jesse's meth. Walt hires Saul Goodman, a lawyer who is also a criminal, to get Badger out of jail. Saul sets Walt and Jesse up with a drug lord named Gustavo "Gus" Fring. Gus asks Walt to cook meth for him, and he'll give him $3 million if Walt does it for 3 months. Walt takes the deal and stops being partners with Jesse for a little while.

Walt works with a smart chemist named Gale Boetticher to cook good meth for Gus. Walt finds out that Hank knows about the RV and tries to destroy it, but Jesse gets angry because he wanted to use the RV to start his own business. 

Chuk Bhul Dyavi Ghyavi

Chuk Bhul Dyavi Ghyavi (transl. Give and take mistakes) is a Marathi television romantic comedy.

The series premiered on 18 January 2017.

Jesse Pinkman

Jesse Pinkman is a character from the TV series "Breaking Bad". He also has a minor appearance in the spinoff series "Better Call Saul". 

Jesse is a drug dealer who used to be in Walter "Walt" White's chemistry class when he was in high school. After Walt learns he has cancer, he becomes partners with Jesse to cook meth and make money.

Hank Schrader

Henry "Hank" R. Schrader ASAC is a fictional character in the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad".

Joe Salisbury

Joe Salisbury (born 20 April 1992) is a British professional tennis player. He is currently ranked world #1 in doubles.

He is a four-time Grand Slam champion. He won the 2020 Australian Open and the 2021 US Open in men's doubles partnering Rajeev Ram. 

Salisbury has also won two mixed doubles titles, at the 2021 French Open and 2021 US Open mixed doubles with Desirae Krawczyk. 

Salisbury made his Davis Cup debut for Great Britain in 2021, and also competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics with Andy Murray.

Walter White Jr.

Walter Hartwell White Jr. (also known as Flynn) is a fictional character in the crime drama series "Breaking Bad".

Skyler White

Skyler White ("née" Lambert) is a fictional character in "Breaking Bad".

Marie Schrader

Marie Schrader ("née" Lambert) is a fictional supporting character in the AMC series "Breaking Bad".

Gus Fring

Gustavo "Gus" Fring is a fictional character in the crime drama series "Breaking Bad".

The Guy for This

"The Guy for This" is the third episode of the fifth season of the AMC television series "Better Call Saul".

Freya (cat)

Freya (born c. April 2009) is a cat owned by the former Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom George Osborne and his family.

The Mr. Men Show (1997 TV series)

The Mr. Men Show is a Canadian-American remake of the British series, "Mr. Men and Little Miss".


Mr. Men and Little Miss

Mr. Men and Little Miss, known in the United States as The Mr. Men Show and in French as Monsieur Bonhomme, is a 1991–1998 French-British animated children's television series.








Claudia Octavia

Claudia Octavia (late 39 or early 40 – June 9, AD 62) was a Roman Empress. She was the daughter of the Emperor Claudius and Valeria Messalina. 

Her mother died and her father re-married her cousin Agrippina the Younger. So she became the stepsister of the future Emperor Nero. She would also become his wife. The marriage was arranged by Agrippina.

Octavia was popular with the people of Rome. But Nero hated their marriage. When his mistress, Poppaea Sabina, became pregnant, he divorced Octavia, and banished her. When this led to a public outcry, he had her executed.

The Mr. Men Show

The Mr. Men Show is an American animated children's television series.






Samsung Electronics

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (, sometimes shortened to SEC and stylized as SΛMSUNG) is a South Korean multinational electronics corporation. It is headquartered in Yeongtong-gu, Suwon, South Korea.

Sniz &amp; Fondue

Sniz & Fondue is a series of animated shorts originally appearing on the first three seasons of the animation-anthology series "KaBlam!" on the American cable television network Nickelodeon.

TeleNiños

TeleNiños is a Canadian Category B-exempt Spanish language specialty channel owned by TLN Media Group.

TeleNiños broadcasts television programs for children of all ages, as well family-oriented (for children and adults) television programs.


Jewish Autonomous Oblast

The Jewish Autonomous Oblast (JAO; Russian: Евре́йская автоно́мная о́бласть, Yevreyskaya avtonomnaya oblast; Yiddish: ייִדישע אװטאָנאָמע געגנט, yidishe avtonome gegnt) is a federal subject of Russia. It is located in the Russian Far East, near Khabarovsk Krai and Amur Oblast in Russia and Heilongjiang province in China. The main city is Birobidzhan.

In the late 1940s, the Jewish population here was around 46,000–50,000, about 25% of the population. In 2010 there were only 1,628 Jews in the JAO (less than 1% of the population).

KaBlam!

KaBlam! (stylized as KaBLaM!) is an American sketch comedy animated television series that ran on Nickelodeon from 1996 to 2013. The series was created by Robert Mittenthal, Will McRobb, and Chris Viscardi.

Nickelodeon (US) CBeebies (UK) ABC (Australia) France 5 (France) Playhouse Disney (Spain Latin America and Mexico) TVO (Canada) TV12 (Singapore) EBS (Korea) Kids 1 (South Korea) M-Net (South Africa) Cartoon Network (India and Pan Asia) CyBC (Cyprus) Canal MiniMini+ (Poland) POP TV (Slovenia) MBC E Vision and Al Jazeera (Middle East) YLE (Finland) NRK (Norway) Lativi (Indonesia) TVNZ (New Zealand) Cartoon Gang (Thailand) VBC (Vietnam) TV3 (Malaysia) RTE (Ireland) RTB (Brunei) Hop TV (Israel) Canal Panda (Portugal) 


Anna Mercatelli

Anna Mercatelli (born early 20th-century) was an Italian track an field athlete from Rome. She competed mainly in high jump and sprint events. She was a member of Associazione Sportiva Roma and the Italian national team.

As a member of the Italian National Team she represented Italy at international tournaments, including at the 1930 Women's World Games. Here she was selected to compete in the 60 metres event and high jump events. She was in both events not able to reach the final. Later the year, at the 1930 Italian Athletics Championships she won the silver medal in the high jump behind Ondina Valla.

Cine Mexicano

Cine Mexicano (103A, channel 462) is an American television movie channel which is available to DirecTV customers. It usually offers narco and comedy films, as well as infomercials.

Cine Mexicano's main competitor is Dish Network's Cinelatino.

Osteocephalus festae

Osteocephalus festae is a frog. It lives Ecuador and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 1000 and 2200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 38.3 to 56.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 49.5–84.9 mm long. The adult frog is brown in color. Sometimes it has black marks. It has lighter lines on its lips and a light mark under each eye.

This frog lives near rivers with fast water and waterfalls. These rivers flow through forests, farms, and other areas. The tadpoles swim in pools on the sides of these rivers. The adult frogs sit on plants 40-250 cm above the ground.

This frog's scientific name "festae" is for Enrico Festa. Fest was an Italian naturalist. He collected the first official sample of this frog.

Enlace

Enlace is a Latin American Christian-based broadcast television network. 

MTV Tres

MTV Tres (taken from the Spanish word for the number three tres, stylized as tr3s, with an acute accent over the '3') is an American .

Tres broadcasts on an Eastern Time schedule with one national feed for all providers.

Current

Former


RCN Nuestra Tele Internacional

RCN Nuestra Tele Internacional (previously known as TV Colombia and RCN Nuestra Tele) is an international pay television channel owned by Colombian television network RCN.


Azteca América

Azteca América (, sometimes shortened to Azteca) was an American Spanish-language free-to-air television network owned by INNOVATE Corp..

The closure of the channel was previously announced due to an agreement signed between TV Azteca and Estrella TV to broadcast TV Azteca's programming through Estrella, The network went off the air on January 1, 2023, around 00:59, after a broadcast of "Ya Cayó Renovado". Around December 26, 2022, the Azteca América website was closed.



Xuxa

Maria da Graça Xuxa Meneghel (born 27 March 1963) is a Brazilian television host, film actress, singer, model, and businesswoman. In Brazil it is known as "Rainha dos Baixinhos". 

She was born in Santa Rosa, Brazil on March 27, 1963 and she has dated soccer player Pele and Ayrton Senna. She has also met the singer Michael Jackson and he took her to Neverland and asked her to be the mother of his children.

Demographics of Turkey

Turks are the largest ethnic group in Turkey.


List of Salticidae genera

The genera of the family Salticidae are listed here.


Holconia immanis

The banded huntsman spider is a type of spider. It was first described by Thorell in the 1200s. Then, it was replaced by John Hills in the Isopeda family.

Force field

Force field can mean:

Saint-Marc

Saint-Marc () is a commune in the western part of Haiti in the Artibonite department, it is located in , in 2003 it had a population of 160,181 inhabitants, being the second most populous city in Haiti after Gonaïves, Port-au-Prince and Cap-Haïtien.

The port of this city is the most preferred for the entry of goods to Haiti, due to the congested port of Port-au-Prince.


Delena cancerides

Delena cancerides, also called the flat huntsman or social huntsman, is a huntsman spider from Australia. In New Zealand, it is sometimes known as the Avondale spider.

Argiope keyserlingi

Argiope keyserlingi also called St. Andrew's cross spider is a kind of orb-web spider. It lives on the east side of Australia from Victoria to northern Queensland.

ESPN Deportes

ESPN Deportes (, "ESPN Sports") is an American multinational Spanish-language pay television sports channel owned by ESPN Inc..
The network has the rights to show all the events listed below but some do not air on the network due to schedule. Instead they are streamed online in Spanish on Watch ESPN.com and the ESPN App.




















ESPN operated radio networks, stations and programs in Latin America:

Aike Visbeek

Aike Visbeek (born 27 October 1976) is a Dutch cycling coach. He was team manager at Team Sunweb from 2013 to 2019, team manager at SEG Racing Academy in 2020. In 2021 he started working with Intermarché-Wanty-Gobert Matériaux where he is performance manager. During the 2022 Tour de France, Visbeek was guest in the Dutch television program De Avondetappe on 8 July 2022.

Bleu de Chanel

Bleu de Chanel (literally translated as ""Chanel's Blue"" or ""Blue Chanel"") is a men's fragrance created by Jacques Polge for the French fashion brand Chanel in 2010. It was the first men's fragrance released by the brand since Allure Homme Sport in 2004, and their first men's masterbrand since Égoïste was introduced in 1990. The original fragrance is an eau de toilette; the 2014 eau de parfum version was also created by Jacques Polge, and the 2018 parfum version was created by his son, Olivier Polge. French actor Gaspard Ulliel was chosen as the first ambassador for Bleu de Chanel in 2010 and remained as the face of the fragrance for twelve years, until his death in January 2022.

French actor Gaspard Ulliel was announced as the first ambassador of Bleu de Chanel on 16 February 2010, becoming Chanel's first male ambassador. A television commercial filmed in New York City premiered online on 25 August 2010 and was later released on TV in September 2010. It was directed by Martin Scorsese and starred Ulliel and Ingrid Sophie Schram. In the commercial, Ulliel played a young filmmaker in the middle of a press conference who sees his ex-girlfriend (Schram) among the journalists and remembers the past and the beginning of their relationship, until he says: "I'm not going to be the person I'm expected to be anymore", gets up and leaves the room. The video also featured The Rolling Stones' song "She Said Yeah". 

Chanel's American chief operating officer John Galantic noted that the selection of "the quintessential American film director" Scorsese was intended to create "a product and brand communication uniquely tailored to the American market," where the brand's men's fragrance business was not fully developed. 

The fragrance was released in stores on 13 September 2010.

On 5 February 2015, a new commercial starring Ulliel was released. Directed by James Gray, it was filmed in Los Angeles and featured Jimi Hendrix's cover of Bob Dylan's song "All Along the Watchtower".

British filmmaker Steve McQueen directed a new commercial for Bleu de Chanel released on 1 June 2018. Shot in Bangkok, it also included underwater scenes filmed in London. It featured Ulliel crossing the city looking for a woman (played by German model Nur Hellmann) he saw in a building in front of his while David Bowie's "Starman" plays in the background.

Ulliel was the face of Bleu de Chanel for twelve years, until his death on 19 January 2022. When he died, Chanel's official Instagram and Facebook pages shared a tribute to him. Chanel also paid tribute to Ulliel during their Spring/Summer 2022 Haute Couture show at the Paris Fashion Week on 25 January 2022. A model dressed as a bride finished the show by carrying a bouquet of camellias—Coco Chanel's favorite flower—tinted midnight blue as a nod to Ulliel and the Bleu de Chanel perfume.

On 2 June 2022, Chanel released the first commercial for Bleu de Chanel without Gaspard Ulliel. In the new commercial titled "Instinctive and Electric", a drummer (played by musician Vincent Girault aka De La Romance) plays along with "Fire" by Jimi Hendrix while lights throughout the city start to flicker to the beat and a mysterious woman shows the city to him.

Obdulio Varela

Obdulio Jacinto Muiños Varela (; September 20, 1917 — August 2, 1996) was a Uruguayan football player. He was the captain of the Uruguayan national team that won the 1950 World Cup after beating Brazil in the decisive final round match popularly known as the "Maracanazo". He was nicknamed "El Negro Jefe" (The Black Chief) because of his dark skin and the influence he had on the pitch, especially during the unlikely victory over Brazil. He was of African, Spanish and Greek ancestry. Commonly regarded as one of the greatest classic holding midfielders, Varela was adept in defence and was renowned for his tenacity and leadership. He was the archetype of No. 5, superb at shielding his defence and linking play to the midfield. Rough and pugnacious central midfielder (centromediano), his tendency to lead the team from the field, following his role as captain, and he was considered by many as one of the most complete Uruguayan central midfielders. He is regarded as one of the greatest captains in football history, and "he remains one of the biggest sporting heroes in Uruguay".

Obdulio Varela, who, contrary to custom in Spanish-speaking countries, is known by the maternal part of his surname, was born in Barrio La Teja, Montevideo on September 20, 1917. He comes from a family of ten brothers. His parents lived separately. After he worked as an 8-year-old to improve the financial situation, he began to earn his money with the car care at the Hotel del Prado at the age of 13, then he sold newspapers in Paso Molino.

After first playing football in the local quarter in smaller teams such as Fortaleza, Dublin and Pascual Somma, he joined what was then in the Divisional de intermedia in 1936 Club Deportivo Juventud, which plays for Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol. He then moved to the Montevideo Wanderers, where he began his professional career, playing for a total of five seasons. In 1938 he made his debut there. Varela completed 139 games for the club in which he scored 13 goals. He then joined Peñarol. He was a member of the Aurinegros from 1943 to 1955 and was Uruguayan champion six times with the club and he was renowned as a fair player with passion with great ball skills, playing in defence and offense, his great passing and goalscoring ability. Ten years later, his nephew Luis Varela, who had previously played for Liverpool FC, also joined Peñarol.

Varela also had African ancestry and was nicknamed El Negro Jefe (The Black Boss) because of his dark skin and leadership on the court. He was characterized by the fact that he showed a high willingness to run and was outstanding in both defensive and offensive areas. Already at the age of 21 he became a national player and played for the Celeste for the first time in 1939. At the South American Championships in 1939, 1941, 1942, 1945 and 1946 he was a member of the Uruguayan squad. In 1942 he won the title with the team. In 1940, 1946 and 1948 he successfully led the national team from Uruguay to the Baron de Rio Branco Cup. The highlight of his career was the 1950 World Cup, when Uruguay defeated the Brazilian team 2-1 at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro. Varela was the captain of this team and led it to victory. In the crucial last game of the final group of four (everyone against everyone else), Brazil needed only a draw against Uruguay to become world champions and were up 1-0 early in the second half. But Uruguay prevailed, scoring twice in front of a crowd of 200,000.

This victory, also known as the “Maracanaço”, was considered a miracle. It made a myth and immortalized Varela in the eyes of Uruguay's football-loving population. At the age of 36 he traveled to Switzerland with the national team to defend the title at the 1954 World Cup. At the time, he was the oldest player to have ever played in a World Cup. Scotland and Czechoslovakia were easily beaten in the preliminary round before Uruguay beat England 4-2 in the quarter-finals. Varela sustained a leg injury in that game. There were no substitutes back then, so he had to play the full 90 minutes heavily bandaged to the end.

Varela and two other key players did not recover in time for the semi-final against Hungary, and Uruguay lost 4-2 after extra time. Varela ended his World Cup career undefeated after seven games. Overall, Varela completed 45 international matches from his debut on January 29, 1939 to his last match on June 26, 1954, in which he scored nine goals.

In 1955, when he retired from football, Varela briefly tried to retrain as a coach on the Peñarol bench, with Roque Maspoli, but he quickly abandoned the idea.

Varela died on August 2, 1996. His remains are buried at Cementerio del Cerro, Montevideo.

Peñarol

Uruguay



Gregory Itzin

Gregory Martin Itzin (April 20, 1948 – July 8, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Charles Logan in the action thriller series "24". He also played John Archibald Campbell in "Lincoln".

Itzin died on July 8, 2022 at a hospital in London, England from problems caused by surgery at the age of 74.


Lenny Von Dohlen

Lenny Von Dohlen (December 22, 1958 – July 5, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Miles Harding in the movie "Electric Dreams", and Harold Smith in the television series "Twin Peaks" and the spin-off movie "".

Von Dohlen died on July 5, 2022 after a long-illness in Los Angeles, California at the age of 63.

Francisco Huerta Montalvo

Francisco Huerta Montalvo (18 June 1940 – 2 July 2022) was an Ecuadorian physician and politician. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was the mayor of Guayaquil in 1970. He also was the Minister of Public Health from 1982 to 1983. He also was the Minister of the Interior in 2000. From 1988 to 1992, he was the Ambassador to Venezuela.

Huerta Montalvo died from a heart attack on 2 July 2022 in Guayaquil at the age of 82.

Hugh Evans (basketball)

Hugh Evans (1941 – July 8, 2022) was an American basketball referee. He worked for the National Basketball Association. He officiated close to 2,000 games between 1973 to 2001. He was honored into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Evans was born in North Carolina.

Evans died on July 8, 2022 at the age of 81.


John Baron (politician)

John Charles Baron (born 21 June 1959) is a British politician. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Basildon and Billericay since 2001. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He is a known critic of the European Union and a supporter of Brexit.


Rehman Chishti

Atta-Ur-Rehman Chishti (born 4 October 1978) is a British-Pakistani Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Gillingham and Rainham since 2010. He was the United Kingdom's Special Envoy for Freedom of Religion or Belief from 12 September 2019 until his resignation on 14 September 2020. In 2022, he became Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs.

He was the Vice Chair of the Conservative Party for Communities.

In July 2022, he unsuccessfully ran for Conservative Party leader to replace Boris Johnson in the leadership election.

Coma (2022 movie)

Coma is a 2022 French film written and directed by Bertrand Bonello. The film made its world premiere at the 2022 Berlin Film Festival competing in the Encounters section on 12 February 2022, where it won the FIPRESCI Award. This was the last movie filmed by actor Gaspard Ulliel and the first movie to be released after his death. The film mixes animation and live action and tells the story of a teenage girl who is locked up in her house during a global health crisis and navigates between dreams and reality, until she starts following a disturbing and mysterious YouTuber named Patricia Coma. It stars Louise Labèque, Julia Faure, Gaspard Ulliel, Laetitia Casta, Vincent Lacoste, Louis Garrel and Anaïs Demoustier. The film will be released in theaters in France on 16 November 2022.


The first image showing Louise Labèque, the full cast and plot details were revealed on 2 February 2022.

Two clips from the film titled "Catatonie" and "Cullen" were released on 10 February 2022. The clip titled "Cullen" featured the voices of Gaspard Ulliel and Laetitia Casta as the dolls Scott and Sharon, respectively.

Belgian distributor Best Friend Forever released a poster and an exclusive 20-second teaser trailer for the film on their Instagram account on 11 February 2022.

On 16 February 2022, Best Friend Forever released on their Instagram account a new 9-second clip featuring Louise Labèque playing an electronic device similar to Rubik's Cube.

On 2 February 2022, it was announced that Brussels-based company Best Friend Forever had bought the film.

The film had its world premiere in the Encounters section at the 72nd Berlin International Film Festival on 12 February 2022. New Story will release the film in theaters in France on 16 November 2022.


Bill Wiggin

Sir William David Wiggin (born 4 June 1966) is a British Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) since 2001.


Devin Booker

'Devin Booker (born October 30, 1996) is an American professional basketball player. He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He plays for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) since 2015. He is the son of former basketball player Melvin Booker. He also won a gold medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

In March 2017, he became the youngest player to score over 60 points in a game, finishing with 70 against the Boston Celtics. In March 2019, at 22 years old, Booker became the youngest player in NBA history with 50-point games in a row. Booker is a three-time NBA All-Star. Booker has also lead his team to the NBA finals in 2021

Crime movie

Crime movie is a movie genre. The story is normally about a crime. The films are often related to crime literature. According to Eric R. Williams, crime movie is one of 11 supergenres in movie. The other ten super-genres are action, fantasy, horror, romance, science fiction, a slice of life, sports, thriller, war, and western. 

There are many subgenres within crime. They include crime action, crime comedy, crime drama, crime thriller, dacoit film, gangster film, heist film, Mumbai underworld, Police Procedural, Prison film. Others include mystery, suspense, and noir. Notable directors of crime fllms include Fritz Lang, Alfred Hitchcock, Martin Scorcese, Francis Ford Coppola, Quentin Tarantino and Brian De Palma.

These films focus on the police and their investigation. Examples include "Silence of the Lambs", "Seven", "The French Connection"", He Walked By Night", "In the Heat of the Night""," and "Madigan." 

These films focus on investigations of detectives. Examples are "Knives Out", "Chinatown" and "Sherlock Homes".

These films focus on the actions of vigilantes. Examples are "Death Wish", "Taxi Driver", "The Punisher", "The Equalizer", "Sin City" and "V for Vendetta".

These films are about gangs and organized crime. Examples are "The Godfather", "Goodfellas" and "American Gangster". 

These films are about crimes trying to steal or rob something. Examples are "The Killing", "Ocean's 11", "Dog Day Afternoon", "Reservoir Dogs", and "The Town".

These films take place in prisons and show the harsh conditions of prisons. Examples are "The Shawshank Redemption" (1994) and "The Green Mile" (1999)

Kassim Nassoro

Kassim Nassoro was born 13 May, 1988 in Dar es Salaam. He is a Tanzanian cricketer who played 10 Twenty20 Internationals for Tanzania in November 2021.

List of Austria Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Austrian Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 12 June 2022."

Note: The following match includes one or more missing catchers in the Cricinfo scorecard and hence statistics (as of 1 September 2019):

Richard Castellano

Richard Salvatore Castellano (September 4, 1933 – December 10, 1988) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Peter Clemenza in "The Godfather". 

Castellano got an Academy Award nomination for "Lovers and Other Strangers" (1970). In "The Godfather", he is known for saying the famous line: "Leave the gun; take the cannoli." 

AFI's 10 Top 10

AFI's 10 Top 10 is a list to honor the top films in ten genres. The lists are made by the American Film Institute. The different categories are animation, courtroom drama, epic, fantasy, gangster film, mystery, romantic comedy, science fiction, sports, and western. 

Indian Head, Maryland

Indian Head is a town in Charles County, Maryland, United States.

Port Tobacco Village, Maryland

Port Tobacco Village is a town in Charles County, Maryland, United States.

A diamond is a hard rock

A Diamond Is A Hard Rock is the second album by the American rock band Legs Diamond.







Brookview, Maryland

Brookview is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Marjorie Anthony Linden

Marjorie Anthony Linden (October 10, 1935 – April 1, 2013) was a Canadian broadcaster and media executive. She achieved multiple "firsts" for women in broadcasting, including being the first all-night woman disc jockey in Montreal, the first woman vice-president in the Canadian television industry, and the first female president of the Broadcast Executive Society.

Church Creek, Maryland

Church Creek is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

East New Market, Maryland

East New Market is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Eldorado, Maryland

Eldorado is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Galestown, Maryland

Galestown is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Hurlock, Maryland

Hurlock is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Secretary, Maryland

Secretary is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Vienna, Maryland

Vienna is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Peru, Vermont

Peru is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Pownal, Vermont

Pownal is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Readsboro, Vermont

Readsboro is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Rupert, Vermont

Rupert is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Walk, Don't Run

Walk, Don't Run is a 1966 American romantic comedy movie directed by Charles Walters and starring Cary Grant, Samantha Eggar, Jim Hutton, John Standing, George Takei, Ted Hartley. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was a remake of the 1943 movie "The More the Merrier.


Walk of Life

"Walk of Life" is a song by Dire Straits. It is the third song on the band's fifth album, "Brothers in Arms" (1985). It was also on the live album "On the Night". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Ireland, number 3 in New Zealand, number 2 in South Africa and number 7 in the United States.

Victory (1919 movie)

Victory is a 1919 American romantic action drama movie directed by Maurice Tourneur and was based on the 1915 novel of the same name by Joseph Conrad. It stars Jack Holt, Seena Owen, Lon Chaney, Wallace Beery, Ben Deeley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Early to Bed (1941 movie)

Early to Bed is a 1941 Donald Duck animated short film. It was released on July 11, 1941, by RKO Radio Pictures. 



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


Eyeball Records

Eyeball Records is an independent record label.


Nina Needs to Go!

Nina Needs to Go! is an animated series of shorts that aired on Disney Junior, beginning in early 2014. Each short is about three minutes long. The series is targeted at preschoolers. It is produced by Bristol-based animation studio ArthurCox.




Dayak languages

Dayak languages is a language family which refers to the languages spoken by Dayak people who predominantly lived in Kalimantan.


The Birthday Party (1931 movie)

The Birthday Party is a Mickey Mouse short animated film first released on January 2, 1931, as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. 

Toy Tinkers

Toy Tinkers is a 1949 American animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on December 16, 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures.


A comic book adaptation of the short was published in "Walt Disney's Christmas Parade" #2, printed by Dell Comics in 1950. This adaptation was titled "Christmas Fray" and "Such a Clatter" in reprints.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".

Additional releases include:


Wallflower (movie)

Wallflower is a 1948 American comedy movie directed by Fred de Cordova and was based on the 1944 play of the same name by Reginald Denham and Mary Orr. It stars Edward Arnold, Janis Paige, Joyce Reynolds, Robert Hutton, Jerome Cowan and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Too Much Johnson (1919 movie)

Too Much Johnson is a 1919 American silent comedy movie directed by Donald Crisp and is the second version of the 1894 play of the same name by William Gillette. It stars Bryant Washburn, Lois Wilson, Adele Farrington, Clarence Geldart, Monty Banks, Monte Blue, Gloria Hope and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Alfred Koerppen

Alfred Koerppen (16 December 1926 – 5 July 2022) was a German organist, music pedagogue, composer and academic. He was professor of composition and music theory at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover. 

Koerppen died on 5 July 2022 in Hannover, Germany at the age of 95.


Soroca

Soroca (, , , "Soroke") is a city in Moldova. It is near the Dniester river. It is the administrative center of the Soroca District.

Annie van de Blankevoort

Johanna Annetje “Annie” van Wijk-van de Blankevoort also wrongly written as Anny van den Blankenvoort and other variants (born 3 September 1895) was a Dutch track and field athlete representing athletics club R.S. Rozenburg who was mainly active between 1918 and 1923. She also played korball with the same club. 

Van den Blankenvoort set the first ever official Dutch women’s record in athletics in 1921; in the 80 metres. She also set the first official record in the long jump. She won most of the 80 metres competitons she competed in and was therefore named in the media as “the invincible”. She became multiple years national champion in the 80 metres and won the first national championships in the 4x 100 metres relay.

After finishing third at a national competition in 1918, she had her first victory on 17 June 1919 during the athletics competition of South Holland in Gouda where she won the long jump event; one of the two individual events for women next to the relay. A few weeks later she won the high jump and 80 metres events at the national competition in Rotterdam. She became champion of South Holland in July 1919 in the 80 metres.

During her career she won most of the 80 metres event she competed in and named in the media “the invincible” in 1921. However, she won not everything. At the first 2021 South Holland competition she was beaten in four of the five events including the 80 metres. she was beated by I. van Driel on 7 August 1921.

In 1921 she became with Rozenburg national champion in the 4x 100 metres relay. A week later she also became national champion in the 80 metres in Zeist. In an as described “fierce battle” she won the final from Rugter-Janssen.

The first possibility to set a Dutch record was from 1921 in the 80 metres. On 3 July at the Pro Partia international competition she ran in the heats a time of 11.1 what would be good enough for the national record. However, because there was only one time keeper the time was not official recognized. On 31 July 1921 she set the record in Enschede in a time of 10.7 seconds. In June 1922 she even ran in the 80 metres the same time as the world record. During national competitions in the 80 metres semi-finals she ran a time of 10.6 seconds at Woudestein. She held the records for over two years after it was broken on 8 July 1923 by R. Francken.

Van den Blankenvoort also set the first national record in the long jump in Rotterdam on 30 July 1922 with a distance of 4.56 metres. A year later on 8 July 1923 her record was broken by G. Harke.

On 27 August 1922 she competed at the 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition, (one of) the earliest international women’s competition in the Netherlands. In the 100 metres she finished third, beaten by German long jump champion Margarete Furchheim. She won with the Rotterdam team the 4x 100 metres relay.







Van de Blankevoort was born in Deventer on 3 September 1895. She was the daughter of Gerrit van de Blankevoort and Everdina Martha Jacoba Mazee. She had one sister and three brothers. She later lived in the Rotterdam region. On 17 Augustus 1922 she married to Dirk Jacobus van Wijk from Rotterdam.

Chief Cabinet Secretary

The is a member of the cabinet and is the leader and chief executive officer of the Cabinet Secretariat of Japan. They are also a member of the National Security Council, and is appointed by the Emperor upon the nomination by the Prime Minister. 

The Chief Cabinet Secretary is the second in line of succession to the Prime Minister, unless the office of Deputy Prime Minister is being used. 

Since 1947, the office of Chief Cabinet Secretary has been seen as the job to have before wanting to become Prime Minister. The first Chief Cabinet Secretary to become Prime Minister was Ichirō Hatoyama. Since then, eight other former Chief Cabinet Secretaries have become Prime Ministers, most recently Shinzō Abe, Yasuo Fukuda, and Yoshihide Suga.

Yoshihide Suga, who later became Prime Minister of Japan, was Chief Cabinet Secretary under Shinzo Abe for almost eight years, making him the longest-serving Chief Cabinet Secretary in history.

Belorussian Station

Belorussian Station () is a 1971 Russian Belarusian drama movie directed by Andrei Smirnov and starring Yevgeny Leonov, Anatoli Papanov, Vsevolod Safonov, Nina Urgant, Lyubov Sokolova. It was distributed by Mosfilm.

Richard Ayoade

Richard Ellef Ayoade ( ; born 23 May 1971) is a British actor, broadcaster, comedian and filmmaker. He is best known for his role as Maurice Moss in Channel 4 sitcom "The IT Crowd". In 2008, he won a BAFTA Award.


Fumimaro Konoe

Prince was a Japanese politician and prime minister from 1937 to 1939 and again from 1940 to 1941.


All TV K

All TV K is a Canadian exempt Category B Korean language specialty channel.



Vic Pollard

Victor Pollard was born 7 September, 1945 in Burnley. He was a cricketer and footballer who played 32 tests and 3 one-day internationals for New Zealand and 7 internationals for the All Whites. He refused to play sport on Sundays due to religious grounds.


Minister of Defence (Pakistan)

A defence minister or minister of defence in Pakistan is an official position in charge of a ministry of defence, which regulates the Pakistani armed forces.

Momo Kids

Momo Kids is a Canadian Category B-exempt Mandarin language specialty channel owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It is a licensed version of the Taiwanese children's channel of and broadcasts its original content.


Fox Deportes

Fox Deportes (formerly Fox Sports en Español and stylized in all caps as FOX Deportes) is an American pay television network.

The network holds rights to international football including MLS, Liga MX and Liga MX Femenil (matches hosted by CF Monterrey, Santos Laguna and Club Tijuana). During the 2018 FIFA World Cup, it carried replays of Fox's English-language coverage of the tournament.

As of October 2019, Fox Deportes holds the Spanish language rights to WWE's "Friday Night SmackDown", which is aired in a live simulcast with Fox.



Double Dribble (movie)

Double Dribble is a 1946 Disney theatrical cartoon short that spoofs the sport of basketball and stars Goofy. It is directed by Jack Hannah.
As an inside joke, the players are named for members of Disney's staff: Kinney, Lounsbery, Hannah and Sibley.



The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:



Sea Scouts (movie)

Sea Scouts is an animated cartoon short film in the "Donald Duck" series.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".


The Bitter Tea of General Yen

The Bitter Tea of General Yen is a 1933 American romantic drama movie directed by Frank Capra and was based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Grace Zaring Stone. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Nils Asther, Walter Connolly, Richard Loo, Gavin Gordon, Toshia Mori, Lucien Littlefield and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Donald's Dog Laundry

Donald's Dog Laundry is a 1940 American Donald Duck short film directed by Jack King. It was produced by Walt Disney.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

It can also be found on VHS on "Everybody Loves Donald" and on DVD on "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites: Starring Donald".

Super Simple Songs

Super Simple Songs (previously called "Super Simple Learning") is a YouTube channel and streaming media show created by Devon Thagard and Troy Mcdonald It is owned by Skyship Entertainment since 2015.

ChuChu TV

ChuChu TV is an Indian network of YouTube channels that makes edutainment content for children.

Henle's slender-legged tree frog

Henle's slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus mimeticus") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Bolivia and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 260 and 1650 meters above sea level.

2012 Mount Salak Sukhoi Superjet crash

On 9 May 2012, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 airliner on a demonstration tour in Indonesia crashed into Mount Salak, in the province of West Java, The crashed aircraft, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 belonging to the Russian aircraft manufacturer Sukhoi Corporation, had taken off from Halim Perdanakusuma Airport for a demonstration flight in Indonesia to potential customers in that country.
The subsequent investigation concluded that the flight crew, led by pilot Alexander Yablontsev, was unaware of the presence of high ground in the area and ignored signals indicating danger from the terrain warning system, incorrectly attributing them to a system malfunction. Also, his view was obstructed due to thick cloud cover. 

In addition, it was found that in the minutes prior to the accident, the crew, including the captain, were chatting with potential customers present in the cabin.


Window Cleaners

Window Cleaners is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on September 20, 1940 by RKO Radio Pictures.


"Window Cleaners" is the first cartoon to feature Spike the Bee as Donald's main rival. It is also the first Donald Duck cartoon with an opening theme that was used in more than one cartoon.
The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:

Mount Salak

Mount Salak (, ) is an eroded volcano in West Java, Indonesia. Several satellite cones occur on the southeastern flank and in the northern pass. Two craters are located at the top. The mount has been a site of geothermal exploration.

According to popular belief, the name "Salak" comes from salak, a tropical fruit. However, according to Sundanese tradition, the name is derived from the Sanskrit word "salaka", which means "silver".

This mountainous area includes areas that should be avoided by pilots of both small and large aircraft. The geological conditions and the topography full of valleys covered with vegetation, accompanied by a climate (especially the fall of fog) that changes very quickly, is very dangerous for aviation.

Aviation experts classify this mountain as "mountain of death" due to its long history of aviation accidents. The latest and largest accident was the crash of a Sukhoi Superjet 100 civilian airliner into a mountain cliff in 2012.

Good Scouts

Good Scouts is a 1938 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. 


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:



Warner Bros. Discovery

Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (WBD) is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It was formed after the spin-off of WarnerMedia by Amazon, and its merger with Discovery, Inc. on April 8, 2022.

The company's properties are divided into nine business units, including the flagship Warner Bros. film and television studios, comic book publisher DC Entertainment, Home Box Office, Inc. (which includes HBO), U.S. Networks (which includes the majority of the ad-supported cable networks of its predecessors, including Discovery, Scripps Networks, Turner Broadcasting, and Warner), CNN, Sports (which includes Motor Trend Group, AT&T SportsNet, TNT Sports, and Eurosport, among others), Global Streaming & Interactive Entertainment (which includes the Max streaming service, and video game publisher Warner Bros. Games), and International Networks. It also holds a minority stake in The CW and a majority stake in the Food Network (including its spin-off network Cooking Channel), all of which are alongside Comcast's NBCUniversal, and the former alongside Nexstar Media Group.





Warner Bros. Discovery India

Warner Bros. Discovery India is an Indian multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate.



Meditation in Venice (Rotta)

Meditation in Venice (also known as Meditazione a Venezia) is a 19th-century oval oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1845, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Revoltella Museum (inv. 258) in Trieste, Italy.


CTi International

CTi International () is a Taiwanese pay television channel. It is operated by Chung T'ien Television for the Chinese diaspora abroad. It is available in Southeast Asia, Australia, New Zealand and North America.


A man and his dog (Rotta)

A man and his dog (also known as Un uomo e il suo cane) is a 19th-century oval oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1860, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Revoltella Museum in Trieste, Italy.




CCTV-4

CCTV-4 is a Chinese free-to-air television channel. It is one of six China Central Television channels that broadcasts outside the People's Republic of China.


Pro TV Internațional

Pro TV Internațional is a Romanian international television channel. Launched on 29 April 2000, as the first private television channel dedicated exclusively to the Romanian diaspora, it broadcasts what Pro TV airs, but also several programs that are related to the Romanian culture. 


Katano


From Japanese census data,


TVRi

TVR Internațional (, abbreviated as TVRi, is the international channel of Televiziunea Română, Romania's government-funded television network.


Screen test

Screen tests is a method to test actors for a role in a film. It is like an audition. Candidates have to perform a scene. Sometimes they prepare their own script. Other times they have to read a script at sight ("cold reading"). Screen tests are often recorded—directors and producers then watch the recordings and decide who fits the role.

La mujer de Judas (Mexican TV series)

La mujer de Judas (Legendary Love) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Maricarmen Marcos for TV Azteca premiered on January 13, 2012, it is based on the Venezuelan telenovela of the same name, starring Anette Michel, Victor González and Andrea Marti.

A young woman is accused of having committed the murder of a clergyman and who would spend 23 years in jail, after being released she must investigate what really happened, since creepy murders begin to occur in the Del Toro residence, these murders are Occurred by an enigmatic figure whose face is hooded with a wedding veil, Natalia will have to discover who she is Judas's wife.

Bank of Canada

The Bank of Canada (BoC; ) is Canada's central bank. 

July 2022 United Kingdom government crisis

In early July 2022, 63 of Britain's 179 government ministers, parliamentary private secretaries, and trade envoys resigned from their jobs in Prime Minister Boris Johnson's second administration. This created a lack of confidence in Johnson's leadership which then caused Johnson's own resignation on 7 July.

On 5 July, after the Chris Pincher scandal, both Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid resigned. A large number of other members of the government also resigned. 

Keir Starmer, Leader of the Opposition, criticised Johnson and Conservatives who remained in Cabinet at Prime Minister's Questions.

By 7 July, sixty Members of Parliament (MPs) had resigned from government and party positions, with Michael Gove being fired by Johnson the day before. After two days of not wanting to step down, Johnson announced he would resign as Conservative Party leader. However, he did not leave the office of Prime Minister, stating he would only do so upon the announcement of a new leader.

Waiting for Godot

Waiting for Godot ( ) is a play by Samuel Beckett. In 1998, it was voted the "most significant English-language play of the 20th century".

"Waiting for Godot" is Beckett's translation of his own original French-language play, . The original French text was composed between 9 October 1948 and 29 January 1949.

The play has two main characters, Estragon (Gogo) and Vladimir (Didi). They talk about many things while waiting for Godot. Two other characters come on stage. Pozzo is leading Lucky on a long rope. Lucky does not speak until Pozzo orders him to. Then Lucky gives a very long speech about something or nothing. A boy comes on stage and says that Godot will not come today but will come tomorrow. The next day, Vladimir and Estragon talk more. Pozzo and Lucky come again, but they have changed. A boy comes on stage and says that Godot will not come today but will come tomorrow. Vladimir and Estragon try to kill themselves but can't do it. They decide to leave, but they don't move. The play ends.

Blodgett, Missouri

Blodgett is a village in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 209 at the 2020 census. 

Alexis of Russia

Aleksey Mikhaylovich (; – ) was the Tsar of Russia from 1645 until his death in 1676. 

Ashley Estes Kavanaugh

Ashley Estes Kavanaugh is an American public official and former political aide. Since 2004, she has been the wife of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Brett Kavanaugh.

Kavanaugh was born in Abilene, Texas.

Head of a Woman (Filippini)

Head of a Woman (also known as Testa di donna) is a 19th-century late impressionist oil painting by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1876, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Modern art gallery of Novara (inv. n. GG 555).

The painting "Head of a Woman" by Filippini is similar to the painting "Woman with a green dress" of 1877, exhibited at the Exhibition of 19th century Brescia painting in 1934 (cat. No. 330).
Green is one of the most important colors of Filippini, and of great difficulty in the artistic management of its shades.



John Marley

John Marley (October 17, 1907 – May 22, 1984) was an American actor. He played Phil Cavalleri in "Love Story" (1970) and Jack Woltz in "The Godfather" (1972). 

John was born in Harlem, New York City. His parents were Russian Jews. He dropped out of college and then did acting. John served in the  United States Army Signal Corps during World War II. 

John appeared in about 250 films and television series. He mainly performed as a supporting actor. He played different and exotic characters. He also appeared on many TV shows and performed on stage. Marley got nominated for an Academy Award as Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in "Love Story". Marley died during open-heart surgery. 

Richard Conte

Nicholas Peter Conte (March 24, 1910 – April 15, 1975), known as Richard Conte, was an American actor. He was in over 100 films. He acted mainly from 1940s to 1970s. Notable films are "I'll Cry Tomorrow", "Ocean's 11", and "The Godfather".

AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores

AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores is a list of the best 25 film scores. The films are all American. The American Film Institute revealed the list in 2005. John Williams is the composer with the most films on the list. 

Mike Schuler

Michael Harold Schuler (September 22, 1940 – June 28, 2022) was an American basketball coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was the head coach of the Portland Trail Blazers and Los Angeles Clippers from 1986 to 1992. He won the NBA Coach of the Year Award in 1987.

Schuler died on June 28, 2022 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 81.

András Törőcsik

András Törőcsik (1 May 1955 – 9 July 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. From 1977 to 1984 he made 45 appearances and scored 12 goals for the Hungary national football team. He appeared at the 1978 FIFA World Cup and the 1982 FIFA World Cup. 

Adam Wade (singer)

Patrick Henry Wade, known professionally as Adam Wade, (March 17, 1935 – July 8, 2022) was an American singer, musician and actor. Wade was known for being the host of the CBS game show "Musical Chairs" (1975). This made him the first Black game show host.

Wade died on July 8, 2022 in Montclair, New Jersey from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 87.

Gillian Keegan

Gillian Keegan (born 13 March 1968) is a British politician and businesswoman. She was appointed the Education Secretary on 25 October 2022 and was previously Minister of State for Care and Mental Health from 6 September 2021 until 7 September 2022. She is a member of the Conservative Party. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Chichester since 2017.

MSC Diletta

MSC Diletta is a container ship in a series of one of the biggest container ships worldwide. The ship was launched in 2021. She is almost wide and long. The ship has a capacity of 23,964 containers (23,964 TEU). "MSC Diletta" is operated by the Mediterranean Shipping Company based in Geneva, Switzerland and The Netherlands. 

On 9 July 2022 the ship sailed through the Western Scheldt in the Netherlands. It was the largest ship ever to pass through it. As the ship is 15.90 meters deep, it was only ten centimeters less than the maximum draft of 16 meters in the Western Scheldt, between the North Sea and the Port of Antwerp. The passage was important for the port of Antwerp because the port would like to receive ships of this size.

The Freshman (1990 movie)

The Freshman is a 1990 American crime comedy film. Andrew Bergman wrote and directed the film. The film stars Marlon Brando, Matthew Broderick, Bruno Kirby, Penelope Ann Miller, and Frank Whaley. The film is about New York film student and how he enters a illegal business. The business focuses on exotic animals to serve as food. He has to get a Komodo Dragon. The film got positive reviews. It has a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Tim Byrne

Tim Clarke Byrne (1907–1997) was the first President of Athabasca University.

Franca Overtoom

Franca Overtoom (born 26 December 1991) is a Dutch football match official from Obdam. In November 2021 she became the first female assistant referee ever in the Eredivisie. She was chosen te become an assistant referee at UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Overtoom started to be a match official at the age of 10.

Scolopendra heros

The desert centipede, also known as the giant centipede, Scolopendra heros, giant red head, texas red head, or the sonoran centipede, is the largest centipede in North America.

Al Martino

Al Martino was an Italian American singer and actor. He was known as "one of the great Italian American pop crooners". The highlight of his career was from the 1950s to the mid-1970s. He played Johnny Fontane in "The Godfather".

Mutulu Shakur

Mutulu Shakur (born Jeral Wayne Williams; August 8, 1950 – July 7, 2023) was an American activist and former member of the Black Liberation Army. He was sentenced to sixty years in prison for his role in a 1981 robbery in which a guard and two police officers were murdered.

Shakur was politically active with the Revolutionary Action Movement (RAM) and Republic of New Afrika. He was the stepfather of Tupac Shakur.

In July 2022, it was revealed that Shakur had terminal bone marrow cancer, and had "six months to live".

Tomorrow's Pioneers

Tomorrow's Pioneers ( "Ruwād al-Ghad"), also known as The Pioneers of Tomorrow, is a Palestinian children's television show. The series was broadcast by the Hamas-owned television station Al-Aqsa TV from April 13, 2007 to October 16, 2009.

The show had a child host Saraa Barhoum and her co-host, a large costumed animal as they perform skits (or "scenes"). They talk about life in Palestine with children (usually from age 9–13 with some as young as 3) call in. 

"Tomorrow's Pioneers" is highly controversial because they talk about things that could be seen as antisemitism, Islamism, anti-Americanism, and pro-martyrdom. The show had four seasons, with each season having a new animal costume co-host. The first three animal co-hosts died from either being beaten to death by an Israeli, dying of an illness or killed in an Israeli bombing.

New episodes would usually be released on Fridays.

The four costumed animal co-hosts were Farfour the Mouse, Nahoul the Bee, Assoud the Bunny and Nassur the Bear.

The daughter of Walt Disney warned the show about its first animal co-host, Farfour, was a Mickey Mouse costume, and the studio because it was used without Disney's permission.

International Classification of Diseases for Oncology

The International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O) is a classification for tumor diseases.

Hideo Kojima

In 1986, he was hired by Konami, for which he designed and wrote "Metal Gear" (1987) for the MSX2. He is also known for producing the "Zone of the Enders" series, as well as writing and designing "Snatcher" (1988) and "Policenauts" (1994).

Jozef Moravčík

Jozef Moravčík (born 19 March 1945) is a Slovak politician. He was the Prime Minister of Slovakia from 16 March 1994 to 13 December 1994. He later as the mayor of Bratislava from 1998 to 2002. He was born in Očová, Slovak Republic.

Oleksandr Kulyk

Oleksandr Vasylovich Kulyk (1957 – 1 March 2022) was a Ukrainian cycling coach. He was a 1988 Honored Coach of Ukraine. Kulyk died in battle on March 1, 2022, during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Kulyk was born in 1957 in the village Seredyna-Buda in Sumy Oblast. In 1979, he graduated from the Kyiv State Institute of Physical Education. He is the father of Ukrainian cycling champion Andriy Kulyk.

Oleksandr Kulyk was born in 1957 in the village Seredyna-Buda in Sumy Oblast . In 1979, he graduated from the Kyiv State Institute of Physical Education.

While he was working in Sumy, he trained Oleksandr Kirichenko — the Olympic champion of the 1988 Seoul Summer Olympics in the 1000-meter free standing as part of the USSR national team, as well as the silver medalist of the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, Oleksandr Fedenko.

He worked as the director of the children's and youth sports school "Ukraine" of the organization "Sumbud" OJSC.

Died on March 1, 2022 in the battle near Nyzy in Sumy Oblast during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The Captain of Her Heart

"The Captain of Her Heart" is a song by Swiss band Double off their album Blue. The song was an international success reaching number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in the United States, number 9 in Norway, number 6 in Ireland, number 3 in Italy, number 9 in France, number 11 in Switzerland and number 32 in New Zealand.




Simon Goodell Griffin

Simon Goodell Griffin (August 9, 1824 – January 14, 1902) was an American soldier during the American Civil War. He was also a farmer, teacher, lawyer, writer and politician.

Simon G. Griffin was born in Nelson, New Hampshire on August 9, 1824. Later, Griffin was a farmer and a teacher. Even later, he represented his town in the State legislature and was admitted to the bar in 1860.

During the American Civil War, Griffin was a captain in the 2nd New Hampshire Infantry from June 1, 1861 to October 31, 1861. He was the lieutenant colonel of the 6th New Hampshire Infantry from November 28, 1861 to April 22, 1862. Griffin became the colonel of the 6th New Hampshire Infantry on April 22, 1862. Griffin led the regiment in the Second Battle of Bull Run, the Battle of Antietam and the Battle of Fredericksburg. Griffin led first brigade second division for a short time during the winter of 1862–1863. Griffin's regiment was sent west with Major General Ambrose Burnside, where Griffin alternately served as regimental and brigade commander. He served under Major General Ulysses S. Grant during the Siege of Vicksburg when Major General John G. Parke took IX Corps to Mississippi. IX Corps served for the most time during the Vicksburg campaign with Major General William T. Sherman, preventing Confederate reinforcements from reaching Vicksburg. Next Colonel Griffin participated in Sherman's Meridian and Yazoo River Expeditions in Mississippi in February 1864, which culminated in the Battle of Meridian. Griffin was promoted to brigadier general on May 30, 1864.

General Griffin was mustered out of the military on August 24, 1865. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Griffin to be brevetted major general of volunteers, and the United States Senate allowed it on March 12, 1866.

After the war, Griffin returned to New Hampshire and was a manufacturer at Harrisville, New Hampshire. He was elected five times as a member of the New Hampshire Legislature, and in the last two terms he was a Speaker. Griffin died in Keene, New Hampshire on January 14, 1902. He was buried in Keene at the Woodland Cemetery.


Sukhoi Superjet 100

The Sukhoi Superjet 100 () or SSJ100 is a regional aircraft dedicated to passenger transport, with a capacity between 68 and 103 seats. Its development began in the year 2000, designed by the Russian aeronautical company Sukhoi Civil Aircraft Company.

There have been three hull loss accidents and 86 deaths as of June 2019. 


The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest (movie)

The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest () is a 2009 Swedish Danish German crime thriller movie directed by Daniel Alfredson and was based on the novel of the same name by Stieg Larsson. It stars Noomi Rapace, Michael Nyqvist, Lena Endre, Annika Hallin, Sofia Ledarp, Jacob Ericksson, Georgi Staykov, Niklas Hjulström, Hans Alfredson.


Parvati Shallow

Parvati Shallow is an American yoga instructor, life speaker, charity organizer, and reality television personal. She is best know for her time on Survivor where She was the winner of Survivor Fans vs Favorites. She also completed in Survivor Cook Islands where she got 6th place, Survivor heros vs villains where she was the runner up and Survivor winners at war where she got 16th place.

Valley City, North Dakota

Valley City is the county seat of Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Minnewaukan, North Dakota

Minnewaukan is the county seat of Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Medora, North Dakota

Medora is the county seat of Billings County, North Dakota, United States.

Disney Mirrorverse

Disney Mirrorverse is a crossover mobile role-playing game. The game features evolved and amplified versions of Disney and Pixar characters and combines RPG with combat and fighting gameplay. It is the 3rd most popular role playing game on the App Store as of July 2022.

In this all-new, visually stunning adventure, players will assemble a team of powerful guardians that have been exclusively crafted and imagined for the Mirrorverse. Unrelenting forces threaten to take over this alternate reality, and players must get ready for battle, defeat an evil threat, and embark on a journey to defend the Mirrorverse.


































Jungle Cruise (movie)

Jungle Cruise is a 2021 American fantasy adventure movie directed by Jaume Collet-Serra from a screenplay written by Glenn Ficarra, John Requa, and Michael Green. It is based on Walt Disney's eponymous theme park attraction.

Staring; Emily Blunt, Dwayne Johnson, Jack Whitehall

It tells the alternate history of the captain of a small riverboat who takes a scientist and her brother through a jungle in search of the Tree of Life while competing against a German expedition and cursed conquistadors.

The score was composed by James Newton Howard.

"Jungle Cruise" was released in the United States on July 30, 2021, at the same time through Disney+. The movie received mixed reviews from movie critics and underperformed at the box office, grossing $220 million worldwide against a production budget of $200 million. 

A sequel is in development, with Johnson and Blunt set to reprise their roles.

Jack Whitehall

Jack Peter Benedict Whitehall (born 7 July 1988) is an English comedian, actor, presenter and writer. He is known for starring as JP in the series "Fresh Meat" (2011–2016) and Alfie Wickers in the series* "Cilford The Big Red Dog" (2021) "Bad Education" (2012–2014, 2022–present) and its spin-off movie "The Bad Education Movie" (2015).


Chris Pincher scandal

The Chris Pincher scandal is a political controversy in the United Kingdom about allegations of sexual harassment by the former Conservative Party Deputy Chief Whip, Chris Pincher.

In early July 2022, allegations of Pincher's misconduct came out, including rumors that go back to his appointment as Deputy Chief Whip. The government denied that at the time of Pincher's appointment, Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister, had any knowledge of any complaints about Pincher. Johnson later had to admit that that was not the case.

The scandal created a major crisis for Johnson's government, with ministers, and a larger number of government staff, resigning on 5–7 July 2022. This eventually caused in Johnson's announcement on 7 July that he would resign as party leader and prime minister.

Inejirō Asanuma

Asanuma was assassinated with a short sword by far-right activist Otoya Yamaguchi while speaking in a televised political debate in Tokyo. His violent death was seen on national television.

Mickey's Parrot

Mickey's Parrot is an animated short film produced by Walt Disney. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and released on September 9, 1938. 


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".

Additional releases include:


Brett Gelman

Brett Clifford Gelman (born October 6, 1976) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Murray Bauman in Netflix's horror-supernatural series "Stranger Things" and as Martin on the BBC comedy "Fleabag".

Mickey's Service Station

Mickey's Service Station is a 1935 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. 

The short was released on December 2, 2002 on "".

"Mickey's Service Station" introduced Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy as a comedy trio, which would soon become a popular formula for Disney films. Examples include "Mickey's Fire Brigade" (1935), "Moving Day" (1936), "Moose Hunters", "Clock Cleaners", "Lonesome Ghosts" (1937), "Boat Builders", "Mickey's Trailer", "The Whalers" (1938), "Tugboat Mickey" (1940), and "" (2004).


The Ink and Paint Club (TV series)

The Ink and Paint Club is an hour-long television series on Disney Channel in 1997.

Three for Breakfast

Three for Breakfast is a 1948 American animated short film directed by Jack Hannah.



The short was released on December 11, 2007, on "".

Additional releases include:

Mohammad Mokhber

Mohammad Mokhber Dezfuli () (born 1955) is an Iranian politician who is the 7th and current first vice president of Iran since August 8, 2021.

The Spirit of Mickey

The Spirit of Mickey is a 1998 American animated direct-to-video anthology film. It was produced and released by Walt Disney Home Video on July 14, 1998.




Puss in Boots: The Last Wish

Puss in Boots: The Last Wish (also known as Puss in Boots 2: The Last Wish) is a 2022 American computer-animated adventure comedy movie by DreamWorks Animation and Universal Pictures. It is a spin-off of the "Shrek" franchise.

The movie is a sequel to "Puss in Boots" (2011). It is directed by Joel Crawford.

It stars Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, Olivia Colman, Harvey Guillén, Samson Kayo, Wagner Moura, John Mulaney, Florence Pugh and Ray Winstone.

"Puss in Boots: The Last Wish" was theatrically released in the United States on December 23, 2022, by Universal Pictures and received critical acclaim, with praise for the animation, voice acting, story, writing, villains, humor and themes.

Enex Jean-Charles

Enex Jean-Charles (, born 18 July 1960) is a Haitian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Haiti from March 2016 until March 2017.

Manuela Nicolosi

Manuela Nicolosi (born 18 January 1980) is a famous Italian-French football match official.

She was an assistant referee at among others 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2016 Summer Olympics, UEFA Women's Euro 2017, 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2020 Summer Olympics and UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Nicolosi grew up in Rome, Italy and moved in around 2004 to France where she lives in Lyon with her daughter.

UTC+09:00

UTC+09:00 makes clocks 9 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. It is the time zone for:

Dotin

Datis Arian Qeshm () commonly called Dotin () is an financial services company which also operates in the fields of IT, software production, and security. The company was founded on January 15, 2012. 

Osteocephalus helenae

Helena's tree frog or Helena's slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus helenae") is a frog. It lives in the Amazon Basin in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, and Brazil.

Pakdam Pakdai

Pakdam Pakdai (), also known as Rat-A-Tat (for the English-language release), is an Indian Flash-animated comedy television series, formerly on Nickelodeon India and currently airing on Sonic Nickelodeon. The series is an adaptation of a 1998 french animated series, "Oggy and the Cockroaches" by Jean-Yves Raimbaud and Xilam, likely due to licensing issues and the show's immense popularity in India.

The show began airing on 27 May 2013 to present. It now telecasts 585 episodes on Sonic Nickelodeon. Some aspects of the series are based on several Indian dubs of "Oggy and the Cockroaches", which added dialogue parodying Bollywood actors and filmmakers including a narrator (unlike the French series' German dub) based on Nana Patekar, some of which even localized character names. "Pakdam Pakdai" is narrated by Nana, the eponymous narrator. Worldwide releases of the show, however, omit these in favor of silent comedy.

The main cast are inspired by "Oggy"s notable characters, for the first three seasons. They later introduce Betty, who is Olivia's counterpart. The character's names were changed to be more American-sounding for international versions.

Dogs:

Mice (called the "Chuha Party", or "Rat Party"):

Other characters include:

2000 Georgian presidental election

The 2000 Georgian presidental election happened on April 9, 2000."' Eduard Shevardnadze, the incumbent president, won reelection, and defeated Jumber Patiashvili, former leader of Georgian SSR. Turnuout on elections was 75.9%.

War movie

A war movie is a genre of movie where a war or an armed conflict plays an important part in the movie. In most of the scenes, the actors, will play in a scenario, which is affected by war. War movies usually show modern wars; unlike other genres, which may show older conflicts. The first war movie was "Sea Fighting in Greece, by Georges Meliès, of 1897. It is set in the Greco-Turkish War (1897). Documentaries about wars are not war movies." 

War movies were often used to show how terrible war really is, and that peace is a better option. Therse are sometimes called anti-war-movies. 
War movies have the following characteristics:

Usually, a part of the audience will idealize soldiers, and war. Very often, visual effects (stunts, explosions, etc) will be madde to look very realistic. This can make it difficult, keep a critical distance.

Successful war movies include:


SharePoint

SharePoint is a web-based collaborative platform that integrates natively with Microsoft Office. Launched in 2001, SharePoint is primarily sold as a document management and storage system, but the product is highly configurable and its usage varies substantially among organizations.

According to Microsoft, SharePoint had 200 million users.

SharePoint evolved from projects codenamed "Office Server" and "Tahoe" during the Office XP development cycle.

"Office Server" evolved out of the FrontPage and Office Server Extensions and "Team Pages". It targeted simple, bottom-up collaboration.

"Tahoe", built on shared technology with Exchange and the "Digital Dashboard", targeted top-down portals, search and document management. The searching and indexing capabilities of SharePoint came from the "Tahoe" feature set. The search and indexing features were a combination of the index and crawling features from the Microsoft Site Server family of products and from the query language of Microsoft Index Server.

GAC-(Global Assembly Cache) is used to accommodate the shared assemblies that are specifically designated to be shared by applications executed on a system.

Successive versions (in chronological order):

Changes in end-user functionality added in the 2010 version of SharePoint include:


Sources:

Sources:

Sources:


Keane (surname)

Keane is a surname. Notable people with the name include:


Hottentotta tamulus

Hottentotta tamulus, the eastern red scorpion, is a type of scorpion. Its venom can be deadly to humans. Every year, female eastern red scorpions migrate to India to give birth to live young.

Dvin massacre

Dvin massacre was a special operation carried out by the Georgian troops aimed at cleansing the city of Dvin from the local Muslim population. 

On 16 July 1162, Georgian troops gathered in massive numbers and invaded the city of Dvin, Azerbaijan. Once the Georgians captured the city, they started killing the male population of the city and surrounding areas. They raped women along with burning the local mosques. The enslaved women ended up naked and were lead to the mainland Georgia

Susie Dietter

Susan E. Dietter, usually credited as Susie Dietter, is an American director, known primarily for her work on television cartoons. She has directed episodes of the popular series Futurama, Baby Blues, The Simpsons, Recess and The Critic. She also worked as an animator for the modern-day Looney Tunes "Museum Scream" and "My Generation G... G... Gap".

First Battle of Rappahannock Station

The First Battle of Rappahannock Station was a battle in the American Civil War on August 23, 1862, at Remington, Virginia, as part of the Northern Virginia Campaign.

In early August 1862 Confederate Army General Robert E. Lee thought that Union Army Major General George B. McClellan's army was leaving the Virginia Peninsula to help Major General John Pope. He sent Major General James Longstreet's wing from Richmond to join Thomas J. Jackson's wing near Gordonsville and came to take over command himself on August 15, 1862. From August 20 to 21, 1862, John Pope's army went to the Rappahannock River. On August 20, Pope spread his army along the northern part of the Rappahannock River from Kelly's Ford to Rappahannock Station and was ready to defend the river crossings.

Northern Virginia campaign

The northern Virginia campaign, also called the second Bull Run campaign or second Manassas campaign, were battles fought in Virginia in August 1862 and September 1862 in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War.

Battle of Cedar Mountain

The Battle of Cedar Mountain, also called Slaughter's Mountain or Cedar Run, was a battle that was fought on August 9, 1862, in Culpeper County, Virginia, as part of the American Civil War. Soldiers in the Union Army forces attacked Confederate soldiers near Cedar Mountain as the Confederate Army reached Culpeper Court House to stop the Union Army from attacking central Virginia. After almost leaving the field in the early part of the battle, the Confederate Army launched a counterattack that broke the Union Army's lines, and the Confederate Army won. The battle was the first battle of the Northern Virginia campaign.


Ed Bauta

Eduardo Bauta Galvez (January 6, 1935 – July 6, 2022) was a Cuban-born professional baseball player. He played in 97 games in Major League Baseball as a member of the St. Louis Cardinals (1960–1963) and New York Mets (1963–1964). Bauta was born in Florida, Cuba.

Bauta died on July 6, 2022 at a hospital in Manahawkin, New Jersey at the age of 87.

Manahawkin, New Jersey

Manahawkin is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Stafford Township, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 2,413.

Florida, Cuba

Florida () is a municipality and city in the Camagüey Province of Cuba. It is located north-west of Camagüey.

Ann Shulgin

Ann Shulgin (March 22, 1931 – July 9, 2022) was an American author. She was the wife of chemist Alexander Shulgin. She wrote "PiHKAL" and "TiHKAL" with her husband.


Barbara Thompson

Barbara Gracey Thompson MBE (27 July 1944 – 9 July 2022) was an English jazz saxophonist. She was awarded the MBE in 1996 for services to music. Thompson worked closely with Andrew Lloyd Webber on musicals such as "Cats" and "Starlight Express".

She was married to drummer Jon Hiseman of Colosseum from 1967 until his death in 2018.

In 1997, Thompson was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. She died on 9 July 2022 from the disease, aged 77.


Anvar Chingizoglu

Anvar Chingizoglu (; 10 May 1962 – 10 July 2022) was an Azerbaijani historian, ethnologist and genealogist. His works focused in the history and genealogies of medieval Azerbaijan, Iran and the Ottoman Empire. He wrote 70 books and 293 printed scholarly publications.

Chingizoglu died on 10 July 2022 at the age of 60.


Cho Jung-hyun

Cho Jung-hyun (; 12 November 1969 – 10 July 2022) was a South Korean footballer who played as forward. From 1992 to 1996, he played for the South Korea national football team four times.

Cho died on 10 July 2022 from pancreatic cancer in Seoul, South Korea at the age of 52.

Michael Edward John Gore

Michael Edward John Gore, CVO, CBE (20 September 1935 – 8 July 2022) was a British politician. He was Governor of the Cayman Islands from 1992 to 1995. He was born in Kingston on Thames, Surrey, England. He was also an Ambassador to the Bahamas and Liberia.

Gore died on 8 July 2022 in Zurich, Switzerland at the age of 86.


Diphenhydramine

Diphenhydramine (DPH) is an antihistamine medication. It is mainly used to treat allergies. It can also be used to treat insomnia, the common cold, tremor in parkinsonism, and nausea. It is taken by mouth, injected into a vein, injected into a muscle, or put on the skin. It works best two hours after taking, and works for up to seven hours.

Common side effects include sleepiness, bad balance and a bad stomach. It should not be used in young children or the elderly. It can be used while pregnant, but not when breastfeeding. It works by blocking some effects of histamine from working at the H1 receptor. Diphenhydramine is also an anticholinergic, and is a deliriant at high doses.

Diphenhydramine was first made by George Rieveschl and was first used in 1946. It is available as a generic medication. It is also sold under the brand name Benadryl, as well as others. It was the 241st most commoly prescribed medication in the United States in 2017.

George Rieveschl

George Rieveschl (January 9, 1916 – September 27, 2007) was an American chemist and professor. He invented the antihistamine diphenhydramine (Benadryl), which he first made when trying to make a drug like scopolamine.

Maurice Boucher

Maurice Boucher (21 June 1953 – 10 July 2022) was a Canadian murderer, drug trafficker, and outlaw biker—once president of the Hells Angels' Montreal chapter. 

Boucher led Montreal's Hells Angels against the rival Rock Machine biker gang during the Quebec Biker War. In 2002, Boucher was convicted of ordering the murders of two Quebec prison officers. He served three life sentences at Canada’s only supermax prison prison in Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines. 

Boucher was transferred in June 2022 to get palliative care because of the metastasis of his throat cancer. He died on 10 July 2022 from the disease in Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines, Canada at the age of 69.

Leslyn Lewis

Leslyn Lewis (born December 2, 1970) is a Canadian lawyer and politician. She has been the member of Parliament (MP) for Haldimand—Norfolk since 2021. She is a member of the Conservative Party.

She ran for Conservative Party leader in the 2020 leadership election, coming in third. She was the first minority woman to run for the federal Conservative Party leadership. 

Lewis is also a candidate in the 2022 leadership election.

Ivan Bidnyak

Ivan Oleksandrovich Bidnyak ( October 1, 1985, Marganets, Dnipropetrovsk Region, Ukrainian SSR, USSR — April 20, 2022, Kherson region, Ukraine ) — Ukrainian shooter, master of sports of international class of Ukraine in bullseye shooting. A senior soldier of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a participant in the Russian-Ukrainian war, who fell during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

In 2003, he graduated from the Lviv State School of Physical Culture (shooting department) and returned to Dnipropetrovsk.

Took second place in shooting from a small-caliber pistol (MP-6 exercise) at the 26th ISAS international tournament, Dortmund, with a score of 657.0 points.

In March 2010, he won a silver medal as part of the team at the European shooting championship in the city of Meraker (Norway) — shooting from an air pistol at 10 meters (exercise PP-3) — together with Serhiy Kudreya (Kherson) and Oleg Omelchuk (Rivne)

In 2010, he was recognized as the eighth in the top ten sportsmen of the Dnipropetrovsk region (3 bronze medals in the European shooting Championship).

In the summer of 2013, he won a silver award at the European Small Arms Shooting Championship in Osijek — from a distance of 25 meters, with a result of 575 points. In the team tournament, Roman Bondaruk together with Oleksandr Petriv and Ivan Bidniak won bronze awards — 1706 points.

In February 2022, at the beginning of the invasion of Russian troops into Ukraine, he returned from abroad, where he worked, and went to the front as a volunteer. He fought in the Kherson region . On April 20, 2022, he was killed by an enemy bullet while performing a combat mission.



Way Down

"Way Down" is a 1977 song by Elvis Presley and was the last track to be released in his lifetime. It was the second single from the 1977 album Moody Blue. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom for five weeks following his death, number 1 in Ireland and number 18 in the United States.

Cetirizine

Cetirizine, sold under the brand name Zyrtec and others, is an antihistamine medication used to treat allergies. It is taken by mouth. It starts working within an hour and it lasts for about a day. It works as well as other antihistamines like diphenhydramine.

Common side effects are sleepiness, dry mouth, headache, and a abdominal pain. There is less sleepiness than in first generation antihistamines. Pregnant women can use it, but not women who are breastfeeding. It works by blocking histamine at H receptors, mostly outside of the brain.

It was patented in 1981, and was first used in 1987. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. It is available as a generic medication. It was the 67th most commonly prescribed medication in the United States in 2019, with over 11million prescriptions.

Mirada de mujer

Mirada de mujer (Waze of Woman), is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca and premiered by Azteca Trece on July 9, 1997, starring Angélica Aragón, Ari Telch and Fernando Luján, it is based on the Colombian drama "Señora Isabel".

It had a sequel in 2003 called, "Mirada de mujer, el regreso".

María Inés Domínguez is a 50-year-old housewife who is in charge of her husband Ignacio San Millán and their three children Adriana, Andrés and Mónica. Despite this, she is not happy and wants to fulfill her dreams and goals. that he abandoned and did not fulfill, out of nowhere Daniela López arrives, a woman who comes from nowhere and with whom Ignacio falls in love and believes that the 27-year marriage he had with María Inés is no longer the same. This brings family problems, her daughters to see this blame Inés for the abandonment of her father and she is only supported by her son Andrés, her friends Paulina, Rosario and her sister Consuelo her.

The infidelity begins to end her but finally she meets Alejandro Salas, a journalist and journalist 16 years younger than her who is divorced and has a son, Alex who does not see her as a mother, Alejandro does not see María Inés as a mother but as a woman, something that she had forgotten and over time they fall in love and she must have a woman's gaze to visualize her surroundings.


James Moses (cricketer)

James Walton Nathaniel Moses was born on 8 August 1965, in Antigua. He is a Botswanan cricketer who played 7 Twenty20 Internationals for Botswana.

Grizzly Giant

The Grizzly Giant is a giant sequoia in Yosemite National Park's Mariposa Grove. It has a volume of , which makes it the 26th largest living giant sequoia.

The Grizzly Giant is the oldest sequoia in the Mariposa Grove, the largest giant sequoia grove in Yosemite National Park.

At one time, the Grizzly Giant was considered the oldest and largest tree in the world.

Mariposa Grove

Mariposa Grove is a group of giant sequoia trees located near Wawona, California, United States, in the southernmost part of Yosemite National Park. It is the largest grove of giant sequoias in the park. Two of its trees are among the 30 largest giant sequoias in the world. The grove closed on July 6, 2015, for a restoration project and reopened on June 15, 2018.

Wawona, California

Wawona is a census-designated place in Mariposa County, California. It is located east of Mariposa. The population was 111 at the 2020 census.

Art Schallock

Arthur Lawrence Schallock (born April 25, 1924) is an American former left-handed pitcher. He played with the New York Yankees and Baltimore Orioles from 1951 to 1955.


Mallikarjun Kharge

Mapanna Mallikarjun Kharge (born 21 July 1942) is an Indian politician. He is the Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha from Karnataka and Leader of the Opposition of Rajya Sabha from 17 December 2022. He is the Minister of Railways and Minister of Labour and Employment. Kharge is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He was a Member of Parliament for Gulbarga, Karnataka from 2009 to 2019. On October 19, 2022, Kharge was elected as the President of the Congress Party.

Whitey Von Nieda

Stanley Lee "Whitey" Von Nieda Jr. (June 19, 1922 – September 6, 2023) is an American retired professional basketball player and coach. He was born in Ephrata, Pennsylvania. In 1950, he began playing for the National Basketball Association with the Baltimore Bullets. 

Von Nieda turned 100 in June 2022, making him the first NBA player to reach 100 years of age.

Ephrata, Pennsylvania

Ephrata ( ; Pennsylvania German: "Effridaa") is a borough in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is east of Harrisburg and about west-northwest of Philadelphia. Ephrata's sister city is Eberbach, Germany.

Eberbach (Baden)

Eberbach (; South Franconian: "Ewwerbach") is a town in Germany, in northern Baden-Württemberg. It is located 33 km east of Heidelberg. 

Barry Sinclair

Barry Whitley Sinclair (23 October 1936 – 11 July 2022) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played for the New Zealand cricket team in 21 Test matches from 1963 to 1968. Sinclair also played for Wellington cricket team between 1955 to 1971. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand.

Sinclair died on 11 July 2022 in Wellington, aged 85.

José Guirao

José Guirao Cabrera (9 June 1959 – 11 July 2022) was a Spanish cultural manager and art expert. He was Minister of Culture and Sport in the government of Pedro Sánchez between 2018 and 2020. He was also Member of the Congress of Deputies from 2019 to 2020 as a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. 

Guirao was director of the Reina Sofía Museum between 1994 and 2001 and director of the La Casa Encendida from 2002 and 2014.

Guirao was born in Pulpí, Spain. In March 2021, he was diagnosed with cancer. He died from the disease at his home in Madrid, Spain on 11 July 2022 at age 63.

Pulpí

Pulpí is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.

Zain Abbasi

Zain Abbasi was born 22 April, 1987. He is a cricketer who plays for Botswana and played one Twenty20 International.

Collingswood, New Jersey

Collingswood is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 14,186.

James L. Jones

James Logan Jones Jr. (born December 19, 1943) is a retired United States Marine Corps four-star general who served as the 21st United States National Security Advisor from 2009 to 2010 during the Barack Obama administration.

During his military career, he served as the 32nd Commandant of the Marine Corps from July 1999 to January 2003, and Commander, United States European Command and Supreme Allied Commander Europe from 2003 to 2006.

A New Kind of Love

A New Kind of Love is a 1963 American romantic comedy movie directed by Melville Shavelson and starring Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Thelma Ritter, Eva Gabor, George Tobias, Robert Clary. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1964.


1929 Netherlands–Belgium women's athletics competition

The 1929 Netherlands–Belgium women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 18 August 1929 Maastricht, the Netherlands.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 46 points versus Belgium with 26 points.

During the competition Lien Gisolf set a new world record in the high jump with 1.608 metres.

The competition consisted of 8 individual events and a relay event. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the individual events two athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the most points, with every other place one point less. For the overall classication, all points scored by the athlete from each country are added together.

The Dutch athlethes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and announced ahead of the competition. and the Belgian athletes were announced ahead of the competition. 

Names and events in "italics" or striked are differenced between the entry and athletes at the events.

Humboldt's Gift

Humboldt's Gift is a 1975 novel by Canadian-American author Saul Bellow. He won the 1976 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. In the same year, Bellow received the Nobel Prize in Literature.

The novel, which Bellow originally conceived as a short story, is the story of Bellow's friendship with the poet Delmore Schwartz. He explores the changing relationship of art and power in materialistic America. This theme is addressed through the opposing careers of two writers, von Humboldt Fleischer and his protégé Charlie Citrine (to some extent a version of Bellow himself). Fleischer seeks to uplift American society through the arts, but fails. In contrast, Charlie Citrine makes a lot of money from his writings, especially Broadway plays and films about a character named Von Trenk, a character modeled after Fleischer. 

Another notable character in the book is Rinaldo Cantabile, a copycat Chicago gangster who tries to get Citrine to make friends. Because his career advice to Citrine is commercially tied, it is in stark contrast to that of Citrine's former mentor, Humboldt Fleischer, who prioritizes artistic integrity. 

Humboldt's Gift won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1976, Bellow's first entry after three previous entries were finalists. In the novel, Humboldt says, and Citrine agrees, that the prize is "a fictitious newspaper advertising award given by swindlers and illiterates". When asked about the description after receiving the prize, Bellow laughed and said he would accept the award "in dignified silence." 

Middlesex (novel)

Middlesex is a 2003 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel written in Berlin by Greek-American author Geoffrey Eugenides. The main themes of the novel are: sociogenetism versus biogenetism, the motif of rebirth; the themes of following the American Dream and exploiting gender roles are also revealed. The novel contains many allusions to ancient Greek mythology, such as the images of the Minotaur (an anthropomorphic creature with the head of a bull) and the Chimera (a creature made up of many parts of other animals).

The book is a bestseller, with over a million copies sold as of March 2011. Despite the fact that the novel is not an autobiography in the strict sense of the word, many small details of the narrative outline were taken from the life of the author himself, which he learned about in the process of studying the Greek part of his ancestry. The idea to create such a work came to Eugenides in 1980 while reading the memoirs of Herculine Barbin (eng. Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite), after which he decided to give his own interpretation of the description of the anatomical structure and emotions of intersexes. 

The narrator and main protagonist of the novel, Cal Stefanidis, originally named "Kalli" (short for "Calliope"), is an intersex male of Greek origin with a 5-alpha reductase deficiency syndrome, as a result of which he is a male with a female appearance (or rather: a character has a female phenotype with a male karyotype). 

The first half of the novel tells readers about Cal's family, mainly about the migration of his paternal grandparents to the United States from Bursa, a city in Anatolia, in 1922. What follows is their assimilation into American society in Detroit, Michigan, during the city's industrial boom. The second half of the novel, which is set in the late 20th century, focuses on Cal's life journey in his native Detroit and his subsequent escape to San Francisco, where he settles into his new guise, recognizing his male gender identity.

Tunde Bakare

Tunde Bakare was born on the 11th of November 1955. He is a Nigerian prophetic apostolic pastor. He was said to have been arrested in the month of March 2002 after preaching a message particularly referring to the former president Olusegun Obasanjo. 

He was the opposing party for the presidential candidate Muhammadu Buhari in the 2011 Nigerian presidential election. Tunde was a member and also the legal adviser at the Deeper life Bible Church before becoming a member of the Redeemed Christian Church of God where he became a pastor and later founded his own church which is by name The Latter Rain Assembly.

Tunde Bakare was born into a Muslim home, but he later got changed to Christianity in the year 1974. He went to All Saints Primary School, Kemta, in Abeokuta and further to Lisabi Grammar school still in Abeokuta,after which he went on to study law at the University of lagos. He was called to the Bar in 1981 and during his National Youth Service Corps he practiced law with Gani Fewehinmi chambers, Rotimi Williams and Co and Burke and Co, solicitors. He founded his own law firm named Tunde Bakare and Co (El-Shaddai chambers) in October 1984. In May 1988,at the very height of his law profession, he was called into ministry (to serve God) and he started his own church which is Latter Rain Assembly (End-Time Church) which is now called the Citadel Global Community Church on 1April 1989 and he is the present ministering Overseer of the church.

According to "The Guardian" he is one of the most politically influential pastors in Nigeria.

Generative art

Generative art is the combination of computer technology with art. It uses an autonomous system that can independently determine the features of artwork that would otherwise require the work of the artist himself. On the one hand, it can be argued that the system only reproduces the generative artistic intent of the creator, and on the other hand, that the system takes on the role of the creator.

Georg Nies, one of the pioneers of the movement, in February 1965 presented a number of his works to the public in Stuttgart, which were described by critics as "computer graphics". A few years later, Nees wrote a dissertation titled "Procedural Computer Graphics". "Procedural art" and similar terms began to be used in those years by other computer artists, including Manfred Mohr. The term "procedural art" in the sense of "dynamic systems of artworks capable of generating multiple artistic events" was first proposed at the "Procedural Art" conference in Milan in 1998.

The term has also been used to describe geometric abstract art in which simple elements are repeated, transformed, or modified to create more complex shapes. Thus, it can be argued that in the late 1960s, the Argentine artists Eduardo McIntyre and Miguel Angel Vidal also practiced procedural art. In 1972, Paul Neagu, a native of Romania, created a creative association called the Generative Art Group in the UK. In 1972, Neagu gave a lecture on "forms of generative art" at Queen's University at the Belfast Festival.

In 1970, the Department of Procedural Systems was created at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. According to Sonya Landy Sheridan, the main focus of his staff was on artistic practices using then new technologies for capturing, printing and transmitting images, as well as exploring the aspect of time in image transformation.

In the mid-1990s, Brian Eno was also involved in the popularization of procedural music and procedural systems, which were closely associated with experimental music.

Osteocephalus vilarsi

Osteocephalus mimeticus is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in the state of Amazonas in Brazil and the state of Amazonas in Venezuela. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia. This frog lives in forests with white sand in the ground.

The adult male frog is 47.5 – 58.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 54.6 - 65.3 m long. Adult male frogs have many large bumps on their skin and adult female frogs have small bumps. The adult frog is light brown, yellow-brown, or red-brown on the back. Some of them have dark brown or black marks. There is a dark stripe between the eyes. There is a dark line by each side of the jaw. The body's sides are yellow-white and may have brown spots or marks. The inner sections of the hind legs are light brown, and the belly is whitish in color. The lower sides of the legs are pink or orange in color.

Young frogs are gray in color with darker gray marks. There is a gray stripe between the eyes.

The tadpoles are 33.0 – 34.5 mm long from nose to the end of the tail.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings change the places where it lives. Humans cut down trees to use the wood and to make farms. Because this frog only lives in forests with white sand, this is a larger problem than it is for other frogs.

The Wolves in the Walls

Wolves in the Walls is a 2003 picture book by writer Neil Gaiman and illustrator Dave McKean. A surreal tale of wolves that lived within the walls and then took over the house and temporarily forced its inhabitants out. The book gained great popularity, was translated into foreign languages, and a successful children's musical was staged based on it. The design of the book is interesting because McKean used various techniques to create illustrations: both ordinary drawings and computer graphics and photographs. 

According to Gaiman, the plot of the book was suggested to him by his daughter, who, at the age of four, had a terrible dream about wolves living in the walls. 

The book was translated into German, Spanish, Italian, Polish and other languages. The Russian translation of the book by Maxim Nemtsov was published in 2014 by Livebook.

One evening, the girl Lucy hears strange noises coming from the walls in the house. She believes that wolves live in the walls and talks about it to her mother (who fills jars with homemade jam), her father (who plays the tuba), her younger brother (who plays video games). All of them, however, do not believe Lucy: mother says that they are mice, father that they are rats, and brother that they are bats. In addition, they are all sure that “when wolves crawl out of the walls, that’s all!”.

However, the next day, wolves do break out of the walls and take over the house, while Lucy and her family huddle in the garden. They discuss where they should live now - at the North Pole, in the Sahara desert, in outer space? Lucy, having forgotten her favorite pig toy in the room, sneaks into the house inside the walls and takes it.

The next evening, the family is still hesitant to enter the house, but Lucy invites everyone to go and spend the night there by walking inside the walls. The family does just that, seeing what the wolves are doing in the house (they watch TV at full volume, eat jam, throwing leftovers everywhere, dance). Unable to stand it, Lucy and her family take chair legs and chase away the wolves, who are horrified that people have come out of the wall.

The family moves back into their home, cleaning up the mess. But after a while, Lucy begins to think that elephants have now settled behind the wall.

In 2006, "The Wolves in the Walls" was adapted for the stage as a musical called "The Wolves in the Walls: Musical Pandemonium." It had music by Nick Powell, with some lyrics contributed by Neil Gaiman. The stage adaptation was co-produced by the National Theatre of Scotland and Improbable Theatre. It premiered at the Tramway in Glasgow in March 2006 and then toured the UK for the rest of the year. The production won the TMA Best Show for Children and Young People award in 2006. In October 2007, it was staged off Broadway at the New Victory Theater in New York for a two-week run, and it was well received by audiences and critics. 

Edward Lear

Edward Lear (12 May 1812 – 29 January 1888) was an English artist and poet, one of the founders of "poetry of nonsense", author of numerous popular absurdist limericks.

Edward Lear was born on May 12, 1812 in the London suburb of Highgate. He was the 20th child in the family, and his older sister Ann was involved in his upbringing. When Edward was 15 years old, he and his sister settled in a separate house. Being a talented artist, Lear began working as a book illustrator. At the age of 19, he published his first book, Illustrations of the Family of Psittacidae, or Parrots, 1830.

Since childhood, Lear had poor health - he suffered from epilepsy, asthma, and in adulthood, partial loss of vision was added to this.

In 1846, Lear published A Book of Nonsense (also translated as the Book of Nonsense or the Book of Nonsense), which included funny limericks. Soon this genre gained considerable popularity.

The style and plots of Lear's nonsense influenced the work of his contemporary, Lewis Carroll, the French surrealists, Russian Oberiuts (Daniil Kharms was Lear's admirer).

The poet died on January 29, 1888. Mentioned in the Beatles song "Paperback writer" (1966).

Theatre of the Absurd

The theater of the absurd, or the drama of the absurd, is a trend in theatre (plays or acting) that uses absurdism. It started in the early 1950s in the theatre of France.

The theater of the absurd is part of the literature of the absurd. In absurdist plays (dramas), in contrast to the logical plays of ordinary dramaturgy, the author conveys to the reader and the viewer his sense of a problem, constantly violating logic, so the viewer, accustomed to ordinary theater, is confused and feels discomfort, which is the goal of "illogical" theater, aimed at getting the viewer to get rid of the patterns in his perception and look at his life in a new way. Supporters of the "logical" theater say that the world in the "theater of the absurd" is presented as a senseless, illogical pile of facts, deeds, words and destinies, but when reading such plays, one can notice that they are made up of a number of quite logical fragments. The logic of the connection of these fragments differs sharply from the logic of the connection of the parts of an "ordinary" play. The principles of "absurdism" were most fully embodied in the dramas "The Bald Singer" (La cantatrice chauve, 1950) by the Romanian-French playwright Eugene Ionesco and "Waiting for Godot" (Waiting for Godot, 1952) by the Irish writer Samuel Beckett. 

The term "theater of the absurd" first appeared in the works of theater critic Martin Esslin, who wrote a book with that title in 1962. Esslin saw in certain works the artistic embodiment of Albert Camus' philosophy of the meaninglessness of life at its core, which he illustrated in his book The Myth of Sisyphus. It is believed that the theater of the absurd is rooted in the philosophy of Dadaism, poetry from non-existent words and avant-garde art of the 1910-1920s. Despite sharp criticism, the genre gained popularity after the Second World War, which demonstrated the uncertainty and ephemeral nature of human life. The introduced term was also criticized, there were attempts to redefine it as "anti-theater" and "new theater". According to Esslin, the absurdist theatrical movement was based on the productions of four playwrights - Eugène Ionesco, Samuel Beckett, Jean Genet and Arthur Adamov, but he emphasized that each of these authors had his own unique technique that went beyond the term "absurdity". The following group of writers is often distinguished - Tom Stoppard, Friedrich Dürrenmatt, Fernando Arrabal, Harold Pinter, Edward Albee and Jean Tardieu. Eugene Ionesco did not recognize the term "theater of the absurd" and called it "the theater of mockery." 

Igor Stravinsky, Alfred Jarry, Luigi Pirandello, Stanislav Vitkevich, Guillaume Apollinaire, surrealists and many others are considered to be the inspirers of the movement. 

The “theater of the absurd” (or “new theatre”) movement apparently originated in Paris as an avant-garde phenomenon associated with small theaters in the Latin Quarter, and after some time gained worldwide recognition. 

It is believed that the theater of the absurd denies realistic characters, situations and all other relevant theatrical devices. Time and place are uncertain and changeable, even the simplest causal relationships are destroyed. Senseless intrigues, repetitive dialogues and aimless chatter, dramatic inconsistency of actions – everything is subordinated to one goal: to create a fabulous, and maybe even terrible, mood. 

The Bald Soprano

The Bald Soprano (French La Cantatrice Chauve) is the first play by the Franco-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco.

The play was written in 1948 and was first staged by Nicolas Bataille at the Théâtre des Noctambules (The Night Owl Theatre) in Paris; premiered on May 11, 1950.

The play was not a success - until famous writers and critics, including Jean Anouilh and Raymond Quenot, supported it. Since 1957, she has been constantly going to the Théâtre de la Huchette (The Theater on rue Huchette). The play became one of the most frequently played in France.

The idea for the play came to Ionesco while he was trying to learn English with the Assimil method. Impressed by the contents of the dialogues, often very sober and strange, he decided to write an absurd play named "L'anglais sans peine" ("English without toil"). 

Christine, Princess Imperial of Brazil

Princess Christine of Ligne (born 11 August 1955 at Château de Belœil), is a Princess of Ligne by birth, as the daughter of Antoine, 13th Prince of Ligne, and a Princess of Brazil by marriage to Prince Antônio of Brazil.

Titles 

11 August 1955-25 September 1981: Her Highness Princess Christine of Ligne 

25 September 1981-15 July 2022: Her Highness Princess Christine of Brazil, Princess of Orleans-Braganza, Princess of Ligne

15 July 2022-present: Her Imperial Highness The Princess Imperial of Brazil 

Government of Italy

The Government of the Italian Republic is the constitutional body that heads the executive branch of Italy. Its fundamental regulation is located in Title III of the Italian Constitution.

It is composed of the President of the Council of Ministers and the Ministers, who form the Council of Ministers. Subsecretaries of State generally also form part of the Government, some of whom assume the role of deputy ministers.

It has its official headquarters in the Chigi Palace in Piazza Colonna in Rome. Other headquarters of the representation of the Italian Government are Villa Doria Pamphilj, Villa Madama and the Farnesina Palace, all located in Rome.

The current cabinet, called the Draghi Government, named after its President of the Council Mario Draghi, came into force on February 13, 2021 after being sworn in at the Quirinal Palace.

The Government is a constitutional body as provided by the Italian Constitution in articles 92, 93, 94, 95 and 96 and insofar as it contributes, in a position of independence from other state bodies, to the formulation of the political direction. Title III, section II, of the Constitution determines its discipline and functions. In general, the government also includes deputy secretaries of state, some of whom may be given the title of deputy ministers.

It is chaired by the President of the Council of Ministers, who ranks fourth in the order of precedence of Italian positions (after the President of the Republic, the President of the Senate, the President of the Chamber of Deputies

The president of the Council of Ministers has a position of pre-eminence over the other members of the government. He has the task of forming the government once the mandate has been received by the head of state and of electing the ministers. If he resigns, the whole government will have to resign too.

In government, one or more ministers may hold the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers, elected by the Council of Ministers. His task is to replace the latter when the President is absent or has a temporary impediment.

How to Swim (1942 movie)

How to Swim is a cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1942.

Great blue heron

The great blue heron ("Ardea herodias") is a bird in the Ardeidae family.

Carmine Coppola

Carmine Coppola (1910-1991) was an American composer. He is known for composing movie music. He was also a flutist, pianist, and songwriter. He wrote music for "The Godfather", "The Godfather Part II", "Apocalypse Now", "The Outsiders", and "The Godfather Part III""." All of these films were directed by his son Francis Ford Coppola. Coppola won an Academy Award for Best Original Score and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score. He also had one Grammy Award nomination. 

The Offer

The Offer is a biographical drama miniseries about the making of "The Godfather". It is 10 episodes long. It shows the chaos, tension and struggles that occurred during the making of "The Godfather". The show stars Miles Teller as Albert Rudy, Matthew Goode as Robert Evans, and Dan Folger as Francis Ford Coppola. "The Offer" had mixed reviews with a 54% on Rotten Tomatoes.




Hempstead House

Hempstead House, also known as the Gould-Guggenheim Estate or Sands Point Preserve is a large estate in Naussau County, New York. It was built for Howard Gould and later for Daniel Guggenheim. The building is like a castle.The architectural style is Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals. 

Several movies have been shot here. Examples include "The Godfather" (1972), "Scent of a Woman" (1992), "Malcolm X" (1992) and "Great Expectations" (1998).

Gangster movie

Gangster film is a type of crime film. It is about gangs and organized crime. It is considered a subgenre of the crime genre. Notable directors in this subgenre are Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Quentin Tarantino and Brian De Palma. Notable actors in gangster films are Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Wesley Snipes, Ray Liotta, Christopher Walken, and Samuel L. Jackson. 

The first official gangster film was "The Regeneration" (1915) and the first with sound was "The Lights of New York" (1928). There were a few notable films in the 1920s and early 1930s, including "Scarface" (1932), "Little Caesar" (1931) and "The Public Enemy" (1931)"." Films from th e 1930s to 1960s reflected political and cultural views on criminals. Punishment was strict and respect for authority important. Films showed criminals and organized crime as bad things. Several gangster films had warnings before the motion picture. Early films showed criminals as a result or product of society and not rebels. As a result, viewers could sympathize with the criminals. With the growth of the FBI, there were more films about police and government officials hunting criminals. Gangster films were often about trying to deal with crimes and detectives fighting crime. 

In 1968, the Hays Code that censored inappropriate films was removed. Directors now had more freedom. Some notable gangster films were made after 1968. They include "Bonnie and Clyde" by Arthur Penn and "Mean Streets" by Martin Scorcese"." The movie starred Robert De Niro. These films began to include move violence and gore. 

In the 1970s, "The Godfather" films by Francis Ford Coppola showed the Italian-American Mafia in New York. "The Godfather" is considered one of the best movies of all time. "The" "Godfather" movies changed the genre and made the genre more popular. Many films about the Mafia would follow in the 1970s and 1980s. Important films are the "Goodfellas" and "The Untouchables". 

Martin Scorcese has made several gangster films from the 1990s to 2010s. Scorsese often works with Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci. Scorsese has also worked with Leonardo DiCaprio in films like "Gangs of New York" and "The Departed". 

"For a more complete list of gangster films see List of Gangster Films." 







Warner Bros. Pictures Animation

Warner Bros. Pictures Animation (WBPA), (formerly known as Warner Animation Group (WAG)) is an American animation studio.

Watertown Daily Times

The Watertown Daily Times is a newspaper in Watertown, New York. It covers Jefferson County, Lewis County, St. Lawrence County and Oswego County. It started in 1861.

The Watertown Daily Times Times makes a lot of different publications, like the NNY Business magazine, the NNY Living magazine, the Journal and Republican of Lowville, the Courier-Observer of Massena and Potsdam and the Oswego County News. All of these publications are published online by NNY360.

The Watertown Daily Times is owned by the Johnson Newspaper Corporation, which owns newspapers across New York. The Johnson Newspaper Corporation also owns The Malone Telegram, The Daily News of Batavia, The Register-Star of Hudson, The Daily Mail of Catskill and the Livingston County News.

The Watertown Daily Times owns the WWNY radio and television stations. The television station is called WWNY-TV, and the radio station is now WTNY.

About Damn Time

"About Damn Time" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lizzo. It was released April 12, 2022, through Nice Life and Atlantic Records. It is the lead single from her second studio album, "Special" (2022).

The song has so far peaked at number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her second-highest peak in the US, after "Truth Hurts" was at the top of the Hot 100 in 2019.

Michael Abney-Hastings, 14th Earl of Loudoun

Michael Abney-Hastings (22 July 1942 – 30 June 2012) was featured in the documentary Britains Real Monarch, he moved to Australia when he was 18.

Emblems (album)

Emblems is the fifth album by Matt Pond PA, released in 2004. It contains 12 songs totaling 49 minutes and 51 seconds in length.


Matt Pond PA

Matt Pond PA is a New York-based band that was created in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by singer-songwriter Matt Pond. Between 1998 and 2020 they have released numerous songs and records.







Juan Roca Brunet

Juan Roca Brunet (October 27, 1950 – July 9, 2022) was a Cuban basketball player. He won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.

Brunet died in Havana, Cuba at the age of 72.

Gary Moeller

Gary Oscar Moeller (; January 26, 1941 – July 11, 2022) was an American football coach. He was head coach at the University of Michigan from 1990 to 1994. During his five seasons at Michigan, he won 44 games, lost 13 and tied 3.

Moeller died on July 11, 2022 at the age of 81.

Illinois Fighting Illini football

The Illinois Fighting Illini football team plays for the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (formerly Division I-A) level. 

The Fighting Illini are one of the first members of the Big Ten Conference. Illinois won five national championships and 15 Big Ten championships.

Monty Norman

Monty Norman (born Monty Noserovitch; 4 April 1928 – 11 July 2022) was an English movie composer and singer. He was best known for composing the "James Bond Theme".

Norman died on 11 July 2022 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 94.

Bioenergetics

Bioenergetics is the study of energy transfer within living systems. For living organisms to function, they must transfer energy within their systems and between other organisms. These transfers happen following the Laws of Bioenergetics, which are themselves restatements of laws of thermodynamics. 
The first law states that energy cannot be created or destroyed. The total amount of energy must remain constant. Organisms cannot create energy, merely transform it from one form to another. For instance, plants do not create energy through photosynthesis, they convert energy from the sun into stored energy in food that can the be used to perform life functions. 

